"You saw Mary."
good, so John did it again.
Sherlock looked over his shoulder, his attention caught by something at the front of the room. When he spoke, his voice was flat. Dismissive. "The music is about to begin. Best make your excuses and go."
A horn blares somewhere nearby, and the outside world comes crashing back in. Someone shouts from the street. Another horn honks.
John had giggled, then, had pressed his knuckles against his mouth to muffle the sound.
"Seems a bit of an overreaction to being caught housebreaking, yeah?"
John nods at him. His gaze is steady. He is afraid, but accepting.
He certainly couldn't say any of that. He was ashamed even thinking it, now.
He paused for a moment. Sighed. Opened the door again.
"Sorry, just looking for the groom," John said, plastering a smile on his face. "Think he's got cold feet. Trying to talk him down, you know how it is. He's—erm—tall. Dark hair. Shockingly unfriendly. Have you seen him?"
"But you weren't. Arrested."
"Ah—" John said. He snatched the bottle up off of the table. "I think that's more than enough, yeah?"
"John," he said. His voice was leaden. He kept his eyes closed. "You misunderstand. If you'd been murdered, there would be nothing that would stop me from finding the person responsible."
He went to the railing, drummed his ungloved hands against the metal. Looked out over the water. There was a stiff, forced quality to his movements.
John's smile curdled. He cleared his throat. "How so?"
"I should have gone," John said.
He was lying, of course, there was plenty of time for boredom, there were hours and days and weeks of desperate, mind-numbing boredom, stretches of time where nothing much happened at all; there were miles and miles of cornfields and blue skies and nights passed in cheap motels where the television signal was patchy and the Wi-Fi nonexistent. There were times when John feared Sherlock might combust from the boredom of it all, that he might burn up and fly apart like ashes on the wind.
"It's on the page."
John wondered if, perhaps, Sherlock had a new perspective on the topic of estranged sisters. Though Harry, even if she'd occasionally wished him dead in her darkest moments, had certainly never tried to kill him.
It was near midnight when John finally turned off the telly and took himself to bed.
"Setting him up."
She'd had a point, he knew. They were not close. He did not willingly seek out her company. Never had.
"Mm," Sherlock said, his voice heavy. His eyes drooped, but he turned his head and fixed his gaze on John. "Thank you."
"Popped off to the shops," Sherlock snapped.
He sighed, settled back down on the stool.
"Oh. Good."
Janine, caught up in a crescendo of righteous fury, stalked out the door without looking and crashed face-first into a man in a black wool coat on his way in.
It was messy. It was mismatched walls and sharp edges and hidden hazards.
"Oh," Sherlock said.
"There are piranhas. Definitely saw piranhas."
"Mm, probably not. People consider that sort of thing awkward, don't they?"
He jerked his hands. The plastic bit deep. Blood ran hot down chilled flesh.
Their laughter trails off slowly, leaving him warm and flushed and entirely uncertain what comes next.
"We should have them, yes? For the—guests? Since you remain so stubbornly adamant about hosting a holiday 'do. I'll make a list."
Lestrade made a frustrated sound. "Look, we pulled CCTV footage. You were right—"
She was less certain of what to do with the gifts she'd uncovered— a set of building blocks was met with mild trepidation (he deemed it a cautious success), the board books were ignored entirely, and while she made an enthusiastic "vrrrroooom" sound at the first glimpse of a toy car she seemed disinclined to push it around on the carpeting.
He is beautiful. He has always been beautiful. John cannot bring himself to look away.
"You kissed me," he said.
"Right," he said, stepping back. Her hand fell away from his arm. "Who are you, exactly?"
He smiled again. Hoped like hell that the brief impression he'd got of Molly from her photograph and a glimpse in the crowd was correct. "Me," he said.
She'd learned from the best, after all.
"Go on."
"She always did like to draw, when we were children," Mycroft had said, his voice quiet, somber.
"You turned her down. You told her you were flattered, but not really looking for anything. That you were still—grieving. That you were, for all intents and purposes, married to your work."
Molly turned away, sniffed hard, wiped the last of the tears from her eyes. She went out of the room into the hallway, crouched to check on the slumped attendant. He tipped his head up and blinked at her, dazed. John had blackened his eye.
"Anyway, we can cross that particular florist off our list. They've gone out of business."
"That was stupid," she tells him. "I thought you were supposed to be smart."
you're getting married."
He went.
"Biscuits, John." Sherlock came towards him, moving quickly, with that startling grace he possessed. He bent down, picked up the box that John had dropped. "I don't like the plain ones."
"Did you have Sarah call me?"
"No, he is," Sherlock said, raising a brow and tilting his head towards the jeweler. "But I was hoping for a second opinion."
"Hey," John said. His grip tightened. "Hey."
"Excellent," Sherlock says. He smiles, looking supremely self-satisfied. It fades from his face in degrees, as he seems to have no clear idea of what to do next.
Smith said, following John's gaze, pointing a gloved hand at the blood.
John lifted his hand, scratched at the back of his neck. He looked pained.
"I tried to tell him his invitation must have got lost in the mail," Sherlock said. "This seems like a bit of an overreaction."
Sherlock groaned as he came. His legs buckled and he dropped to his knees on the dirty lino (should bribe Mrs Hudson into doing the hoovering) and he reached out blindly, fingers catching in John's belt loops, pulling him forward so he could press his damp, burning face against the stiff fabric of John's jeans.
"Can't be any doubts this time around," Janine said. "We'll have to look like a couple, or else the murderer might start to worry he's being set up."
"Look," John said, softening a bit. "You didn't see him, that night I asked about—he wasn't just avoiding the subject. He was afraid. And you can't just
"What were you doing up there, Sherlock?" John asks. His voice is low, concerned. "For a moment, I thought—"
Of course this was tedious for Sherlock. He enjoyed acting, and he and Janine had clearly amused themselves playing their parts, but . . . in essence, they were doing the same things over and over and over again. And if John had been bored, then Sherlock—
"No," Sherlock agrees. "Neither are you."
"Stop treating me with
There was a small ring box sitting next to the microscope.
No one looked out of place.
Sherlock sat very still, breathing slowly and evenly. John studied him for a moment. He did not appear particularly concerned, though he did not exactly have the world's greatest track record when it came to self-preservation.
"What was that about?"
"You've had a rough day," she said. She put her coffee down, studied him. "Where
"Spiders," Sherlock said. "I'm looking for spiders."
someone to—"
Other papers and internet sites were quick to catch on, speculating that one woman would never be enough to satisfy the voracious appetite of London's favourite consulting detective.
John and Sholto—not Mary,
"Wait."
Someone was touching his back, hand gripping his shoulder.
Sherlock can be single-minded and careless at times, but he wouldn't take Rosie out on a case without discussing it with John. He knows that, deep down, the way that he knows that Sherlock will never see her harmed.
But then he'd thought of John's face on the sofa, and the way John had said:
he thought, and he reached out, slipped the envelope with its little disc out of its hiding place. Looked at it.
"Helps to get into character."
He went into the sitting room, stabbed at the power button on Mrs Hudson's little radio. In the ensuing shocked silence he stooped down, unplugged the fairy lights that hung over the mantel.
"Given your near-constant need to embellish and exaggerate on your blog, I'd have thought you were already well aware of the disconnect between fiction and reality," Sherlock murmurs.
Eurus and her paints. It had taken him time, a lot of time, too much time, but he'd learned.
"I'll be by with your dinner in about an hour," she says. She presses the key into his palm, shuts the door behind her as she goes.
For a moment they stood, shrouded by shadows, battered by rain. The man did not turn around. John did not step forward.
Old wood underfoot. Creaking, cracking, snapping.
"It's about time," the woman said. "I was beginning to think you'd never show up."
"No," John said, forcing himself to look at Sherlock, the slim line of him in the shadows, the shock of dark hair, the pale skin and tired eyes. He was beautiful, John thought. Beautiful and sad.
But this is better, isn't it? This is what he'd wanted in the first place. No protracted goodbyes (again). No forced smiles (again). He's gotten his one last look at John and hasn't had to pretend that all of this is fine.
Rahid, the partner who had hired him on at the surgery, hailed another round. The barmaid took John's empty glass, swapped it for a full one. Beer sloshed over the rim and he swore, shook his fingers, swiped them on his trousers.
"The key in your right pocket indicates you intend to return."
"You're not gay," Sherlock said.
He kept his phone near, just in case. Checked it periodically.
His fingers traced gentle, absent circles on the skin of John's neck, carefully skimming over the bruise left by Arthur Bell's needle. John shivered.
Rosie had climbed out of Sherlock's lap and was attempting to snatch his phone out of his hands. He held it out of her reach, but seemed a bit unprepared for her tenacity. She wobbled where she stood on the sofa and he put out a hand to steady her.
And yet, if he were to be arrested now, he'd likely never know what happened to Sherlock. He'd spend the rest of his miserable life wondering if he could have done something differently.
Sherlock’s lip twitched. "Hm.”
He'd pursued a drug smuggling ring through the Himalayas, once. It had been the first strand of Moriarty's intricate web, and his first major operation after stepping off of the roof at Barts. His hunt had taken him through December, through bitter cold and snow and howling winds, and on Christmas Day he'd stumbled across the frozen corpse of one of the organization's leaders. Snow clung to the man's coat. His eyelashes had been frozen together, his face twisted in a grimace.
He opened the case, looked at the disc inside. It was unharmed from whatever fate had befallen the plastic case. There was no writing on it, no identifying marks.
"I tried, you know," Sherlock said.
"It's been nice," she said, after a long pause. "Living here. With him."
"You—" Sherlock said. He hesitated, seemed irritated at himself for faltering. "You never said."
sleeping poorly for the last several nights. They are crammed together in the little bedroom at the top of the stairs, close enough for John's troubled dreams to disturb Rosie, for Rosie's tossing and turning to roust John.
He grinned as his lover gasped and moaned out an undeniable, "
Sherlock coughed lightly, moving to settle back down at the table and crossing his legs. Why was the thought of such a heavier John so... arousing? He sipped at his tea, his color returning to normal.
"Fuck yeah," he growled, digging his fingers into that soft squashy gut and giving it a jiggle.
"Let. Him. Go!" John growls. But then there are claws in his leg as the leader scrabbles at him from the floor. Without even thinking the soldier pulls back again and clubs her brutally over the head, not just once but twice, his face going steely and blank. She doesn't move. Her sisters have withdrawn into their chocolatey home.
John grinned lazily into the kiss, then began on the second burger, still moaning at Sherlock’s treatment of his navel.
about you. No matter what."
"Can I...can I see? Bed, now. I need you, John, please," he begged, moving his head to kiss and nibble desperately at John's jawline, letting out small, pleased sounds as his hands found more and more lover to feel and squeeze.
"Not gluten. Winston Crane had a severe peanut allergy. By all accounts, very careful about it. His death was attributed to an unfortunate mix-up in the restaurant kitchen. There were two wedding celebrations occurring simultaneously. The wrong cake was served."
"I've received new information."
How can that be?
Sherlock's laughter was genuine, he thought. It was the snorting, uncontrolled kind that he did not often share with—well—with people who weren't John.
"Concert?" John asked.
he'd been caught off guard, he'd gone from believing John lost to him forever to having John
"Mm."
He cut himself off, took two quick steps forward, seized John's head between his palms. Brought their lips together. John's lips were warm and dry, slightly chapped, his mouth open on a slight exhalation of surprise.
John took a slow breath. "Molly—"
Inexplicably, unthinkably, improbably—at some point during the day, while John was preoccupied with the dysfunctional bit of scrap metal his dead flatmate had left behind, Mary Morstan had packed up her half of their home and walked out without a word.
"What made you think you were seeing ghosts?"
Sherlock swallows, tries to imagine John with a new face. The idea is disconcerting.
"Oh," she said, and tucked a strand behind her ear. "No, I didn't mean it that way. Not entirely awful."
"Sherlock," he said. The name felt strange in his mouth.
Sherlock shut his eyes. Cursed himself for a cowardice he had not known he'd possessed until John had come into his life. Clicked on the email.
A distant ache in the back of his legs pulls him from his thoughts. It is getting late. He takes out his phone, fires off a text to three key members of his homeless network. Then he ducks into the women's bathroom—quiet, dark, and long empty—and settles in to wait.
"What are you suggesting I do? Sit our sister down for tea? Ask her what she'd like to do with her life?"
"You're certain you want to involve yourself in this?" Mycroft asked, finally. "After all, I was under the impression that your friendship had . . . waned."
"Yeah," John said. He took a breath, seemed to steel himself against something. "Well. I guess at some point last night, he—uh—tried to go back. He must have seen the police there and, um. Realised he'd been found out. So. Erm. They found him in his truck parked outside the building."
"Well," Sherlock said, clapping his hands together, trying his best to sound dismissive. "Now you do."
He ignores the exit, turns back into the aquarium.
The dark expression that twisted Sherlock's face was fleeting but telling. "I'd hardly be going to all this trouble if I had."
Sherlock had said. He had spoken calmly, and evenly, as if stating an obvious fact and not all as if he'd just tilted the entire world on its axis.
John glanced up quickly. There was something on his face that Sherlock could not quite parse. Something that looked an awful lot like relief. "Yeah. Good. We should get out there, then."
"Suppose this place is going to go back to being a tip once this is all over, yeah?"
"Looks like you knew what to do after all," Sherlock said, after a long moment had passed.
"John," he said. "John Watson. I—"
"It wasn't," John gasped, and the words sounded like they were being torn from his chest. "I wanted it to be fine. We all
Except—he'd been making so-called good decisions since returning from Afghanistan, and where had that got him? A rubbish flat and a boring job. Day after day passing in a dreary haze.
Well. That was no longer entirely accurate, as John had departed twenty three-minutes and forty-two seconds ago.
He scoffs, looks up at the ceiling. "Hardly."
Sherlock ignored him, moved the files to the coffee table. Sat down and pulled his knees under his chin. Stared at the telly.
Well. Then they were going to need to have a very serious conversation.
"How many more questions can they possibly—?"
"Wait," John said, putting his hand out. He caught the edge of Sherlock's sleeve, looked down at his own fingers splayed against the rain-damp fabric.
Sherlock did not respond.
"Then what—?"
"What's in your hand? Your right hand?"
"All right," John said, and he laughed again. It emerged a little wild, a little unhinged, but that was all right. There was no one to hear him but his ghosts. "You win. We'll do it your way."
Sherlock seemed to melt into his embrace, stumbling a bit as if the tension had been punched out of him. He breathed out, the sound shaky. Turned his face into the crook of John's neck.
While traveling home from Dartmoor, Sherlock and John find themselves with a flat tyre.
"If you say so," Mary winked. She leaned back in her seat. "So that taxi driver. The police said something about your laptop?"
Vivian was looking past John, not paying the slightest bit of attention to him. "Oh, look, there's a coffee cart. I'll get us something to drink."
"Mary," he says. "I'm not nervous."
Sherlock smiled with very little humour. "No."
He looked helplessly back at Rosie, who was still tapping on the table, still smiling, unaware that the earth had gone and shifted under his feet after all.
Still, Sherlock did not seem inclined to hang up either.
He looks at her, looks at his laptop. Jennifer Wilson's GPS program is still up on the screen. It has pinpointed Roland Kerr Further Educational College.
He stared at the microscope and its neat pile of slides. His hand twitched, and he clenched it, dug his fingernails into his palm. He was suddenly quite angry that there was no mess. Sherlock was
They sat nursing their coffees. She'd also ordered a croissant, and she picked at it without really eating much of it.
"Oh for—" Sherlock whirled around. "Janine?"
Sherlock's face had gone slack and peaceful with sleep. And bobbing next to his bed, tied to the chair that John had just vacated, close enough to keep watch, was a smiling red balloon.
John went to the kettle, lifted it. It was empty. He turned back towards Sherlock, lifted his brows.
John readjusted his grip on his gun, glanced once more at Mary, who had not moved. Her expression was cold, focused, a far cry from the warm mischievous smiles she'd thrown in his direction.
He'd texted again on Christmas morning, sent along a photo of Rosie chewing on the edge of a brightly wrapped gift. This time, the response was immediate.
"Her fever seems to have broken," John whispered. "She should be feeling better by tomorrow."
They crept together down a long hall, and John paused in a doorway to look in at the room he'd nearly died in.
you?"
Sherlock's right hand went back to his pulse point, smoothing along the skin at his neck. His fingers quested, stilled as they found their target. His eyes did not leave John's. He shook his head, once, slowly.
"Yeah," John said, and he huffed out a little laugh. "I am."
His computer finished booting up. He looked down at it, frowned with excess concentration, slowly typed in his password. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Sarah shift where she stood in the doorway. After a long moment, she turned and left the room.
"Exactly," Sherlock said. It came out clipped, rushed, as if he were eager to return the conversation to familiar territory.
"Thank God that's over with," the man in front of them said. His voice was deep and drawling, irritatingly posh.
"Why, indeed."
Sherlock froze for just a moment before melting into him, warm lips finding John's, that pink tongue slipping cleverly between John's lips to meet his own. John tasted copper and salt and pulled Sherlock closer, his left hand fisting in the collar of his damp t-shirt, his right hand sliding up to bury itself in his hair. John's fingers slipped through sweat-slicked dark curls that felt every bit as good as he'd imagined.
Three days later he stands in front of Sherlock's shiny black headstone and begs him for that miracle.
"Leave London," Molly echoed. Her mouth tightened. She shook her head. "I—"
John breathed a sigh of relief. Turned back to Sherlock. "Erm—which—?"
Sherlock blinked. Did not let his mouth fall open, but it was a near thing. He said nothing.
"Three attacks, you say? Why not four?"
John sat up.
His mouth tasted of mint.
He threw back the covers and stood. Took his gun from the nightstand. Went down the stairs, light on his feet, mindful of creaky old boards.
Sherlock grinned, and John tugged his hand, pulled him forward through the door and back into the loud and crowded pub.
"Somewhere to go? Somewhere to go
And then he'd gone off in search of some paracetamol and a hot shower and coffee, he'd plugged in the fairy lights and brought out the gifts, he'd fetched Rosie and brought her downstairs and watched her face light up with shocked joy.
"We're too close," he'd said, the first time, riding shotgun in Sherlock's truck, hail battering against the windshield hard enough to crack the glass. He'd looked in the rear view mirror and could see no headlights; the rest of the team had dropped back.
"You think it would be better for her not to know?"
She had taken the majority of her personal effects with her to university. The books left behind on the tall shelf by the wall were old, the few clothes remaining in her wardrobe were ill-fitting.
"You know what?" He stood up. Reached for his coat. "I don't think—I think I need to take a break. From this. From all of this."
," he mimicked, his thick lips pulling back nastily over yellowed, half-rotten teeth, "was annoying."
Sherlock, I can barely think." This time the Emperor chuckled against his lips, rocking his hips up lazily into John's so that their arousals throbbed together. "I have never done this before, I cannot promise you that it will not hurt."
John's greeting sweep of blue eyes from Sherlock's hair to his sandals was nothing less than smouldering – there was a fire in his eyes that caught Sherlock's blood and pulled it to his cheeks. Evidently John had not been as unaffected by his abrupt exit earlier as he had carefully shown himself to be; Sherlock smirked at the knowledge and stretched out his position languidly on the bench, allowing himself to wince when the new pose inflamed the ache in his rear. To his satisfaction, the dimachaerus faltered and almost tripped.
Then he tottered on his bad leg, and fell over.
at him. He nodded sharply. "Now. Do you want to be helpful? There will be two sestertii in it for each of you."
"Oh, yes." Sherlock rocked again, lifting himself up until his hands were planted on either side of John's head to make the movement easier. The gladiator's firm, calloused hands gripped his shoulder-blades as he shifted back and forwards in a gentle motion. John carefully drew his knees up until his feet could rest flat on the bed; this must have changed things somehow because when Sherlock rocked forwards next, the arenarius let out the softest of moans.
Five days passed before Dimmock told him he was moving.
Lestrade eyed their joined hands with a wry smile. John noticed that Sherlock was smiling back with a sort of bewildered joy, and his heart swelled a little in his chest.
The curly-haired ruler snorted too, the exhalation brushing John's hands. The intimacy of the moment overwhelmed him; of Sherlock's trust, his gentle breaths gusting against the sensitive undersides of John's wrists, the warmth of his skin bending under the pads of his fingers. He stroked the bruise tenderly, his fingers trailing up the curve of Sherlock's eyebrow and over his fluttering eyelid with the tiny strains of bruising, down the sharp, aristocratic line of his cheekbone into the dip of his cheek.
"I only insist on being stupid because it gets such a rise out of you," he chuckled fondly. Sherlock rolled his eyes, but a smile fought at the corners of his mouth. He knew the older man wasn't really stupid, of course. But the fact that he never scrambled out of the way when Sherlock told him that he was had always been too good not to take advantage of. If he told anyone else that they were stupid, they would flinch and apologise and look crushed. When he told Lestrade he was stupid, the lanista rolled his eyes and smiled, usually accompanying some kind of remark about Sherlock's own greater-than-normal intelligence. It was deliciously refreshing. "But you have not answered my question, my Lord."
"If you'll forgive me for bringing it up," Sherlock mused, his eyes back on the corpse, "Mary's body was similarly disfigured, but death was caused by a stroke to the neck. It is possible that the two were killed by the same people, although
"Ready for
John chuckled. "If only one thing." He breathed a few more times, his hands wrapping around Sherlock's back, holding him close. "Would you... make that movement again?"
"Forgive an old soldier for lagging behind a little, my Lord," he lied as he got there, the Emperor pushing nonchalantly off the wall with his grey eyes dancing.
John smiled. "I am yours," he repeated, his hand bumping Sherlock's between them, fingers brushing together. "And you are mine."
John's heart leapt into his throat, but Angelo once again reacted with all the speed of a leaping tiger, yanking his knife from the prow of the boat and slashing it instead across the thick muscles of the big man's thigh. The fighter howled and dropped immediately to the deck, clutching his leg; Angelo jumped up and put a knee into his broad back, holding him down and pinning his arms.
meant
John opened his mouth, a negation visible on his lips, before Sherlock raised an eyebrow at him and he considered it, something akin to horror dawning on his face. "Perhaps," he admitted. "Claudia was always proud, and if she did not need the money to survive…"
John stared at him for a few moments. Then he shook his head. "That's…
The taller man complied with fond and lazy ease, wrapping long arms around the narrow point of John's waist and drawing them so close that their noses brushed together and kissing seemed inevitable.
"Nervous?"
Sherlock nodded slowly, careful to keep eye contact. "I am not about to deny that the notion has its own appeal," he admitted. John nodded, looking away. "I am
He had expected the move, though, from the man's first inflammatory comment about not being ashamed, and so he took a further half-step back and let his fist fly into the barbarian's face, connecting soundly with a spectacular noise. Tonga flailed for a moment, his head snapping backwards with a momentarily worrying
Sherlock smiled and kissed him, returning the stretch and rejoicing in the burn of well-used muscles. They had fallen on the bed the moment they walked in the door after the games were over, both so inflamed that a moment's desperate rutting and grunted endearments had finished them and they had fallen asleep before John had had a chance to do anything more than roll off him. It had worked in their favour, though; Sherlock had woken hours later to John's delighted giggle, his hand already fixed around the gladiator's erection. The second time had been slow, luxurious,
Lestrade pressed the candle into his hands and yanked at the rope around Cerberus' neck so that Sherlock could bend the candle to the patch of floor the hound had been licking and sniffing at and let out a triumphant noise. "John."
The trident gave his opponent a much longer reach than John himself could achieve, and so landing blows on the slave was enormously difficult; John was thankful he was not burdened with a heavy shield as he darted forwards, attempting slashing cuts at the slave's legs.
Finally it subsided, wave by wave until they both lay senseless and panting, Sherlock half on top of John until he recovered himself enough to roll off, the sheets twisting around his ankles from where they had been pushed away. "That," Sherlock panted after he caught his breath, "was –"
Thank Cupid's golden arrow, since I am not nearly finished with you either. Your skin feels so lovely, hot and damp with the sweat from your earlier pleasure sinking into its layers. I would be endlessly content if I could keep my hands on it forever, keep you draped across the side of me, keep your indescribable eyes fixed on me with that expression forever.
"No it was...nice of you. Thoughtful. Father Christmas isn't
“Oink,” he begs. And that look Sherlock gives him before taking the pitcher from his is worth all the belly aches in the world.
John groans, grinding up into an equally massive arse, two moon-like spheres that jiggle when he ambles along for Sherlock Holmes no longer strides as he used to. John hefts one in each hand and lets them fall, presses them together and then rolls them apart. He snaps the too small thong playfully, making Sherlock jump at the smack.
There’s a small tearing sound and then a hiss, followed by an agonized scream from the girl and a terrified scream from Mick
"Haven't I earned dessert? Hmm? Something sweet to fill me out? Or will you just keep. Asking. Questions." He growled, kissing along the detective's neck.
Sherlock's voice was a deep as ever. Rumbling, sensual, dark. His breath gusted against John's neck, warm and wet in a way that made the shorter man shiver pleasantly despite himself.
******
Moran picked up one of the napkins and wrapped it around one of the jelly filled confections before slipping it into his jacket pocket. He hurried after Jim.
"But you have a look about you... the younger Holmes boy? Charmed," he said, offering the glass for him to take, eyes never leaving the holes in the other man's mask.
"I can help, darling," said Mr. Holmes, also standing and helping out. He smiled warmly at Sherlock and John as he followed his wife to the kitchen.
“You’re mine,” John growled, “No one else’s!”
frosting.
Again, this story is for my dear friend FatlocknDomJohn :)
He stood and reached for the box with a smile.
“Coat,” Sherlock gasped in response, shuddering as he recalled the fantasy that had led to him stowing a packet of it in one of his coat pockets. Granted, it had involved a back alley after a case rather than the flat, but Sherlock was quite happy to improvise. John flung Sherlock’s coat off the hanger and attacked it, turning out the pockets before finding the lubricant and slotting himself up against Sherlock again.
Wait... it was a tape. He would need to use the television. Shit!
“Piggy wants to share with his… master,” Sherlock rumbles, practically fluttering his eyelashes at John as he takes the butty back and bites into it, letting grease trickle out of the corner of his mouth. He only lets it get as far as his softened chin before he catches it with a plump thumb and sucks it off, his eyes never leaving his doctor’s face as his mouth works. Sherlock has to know what seeing those plump cheeks hollow and then plump again does to him. Has to.
John isn’t certain if he screams as he comes or if it is utterly silent. His vision goes as his eyes roll back, Sherlock digging his fingers into his plump and fattening middle, the man’s cock grazing his prostate deliciously as he feels the man’s huge gut shudder against, Sherlock’s own climax spilling hotly inside John. Pleasure radiates through the good doctor as he splatters against the wall and his own protruding belly. He collapses after, but Sherlock keeps a hold of him, squashing him into his gut.
The tiles on the floor are white, along with the walls, but give off such a gritty, yet dazzling, sheen it’s clear they’re pure blocks of sugar. The tables are again decorated gingerbread - details becoming even more intricate, as if the house is trying to impress the detective... or lead him into its web.
"Everything’s fine." A voice soothes, the eyes on the wall passive and cold, "Hunger means different things to different people"
His voice is hard and hardly the doctor’s own. John shakes his head, feeling his pulse pounding in his ears. "We-we need to get out," John repeats.
"That hit and run case last year, you pulled me out of the street. I was too lost in thought to notice anything, but you always remember me," Sherlock murmured as the spy seduced another femme fatal, Sherlock sneaking his third slice.
"John Watson, you perfect pig!" he groaned, crushing his mouth onto John's, hand almost desperately exploring the man's navel as he brought up the next burger, gently beginning to palm the man's still-clothed crotch, listening to his own ice-cream filled middle churn as it poured out, round and full, before him.
Mrs. Holmes served each of them a hefty slice of the sticky pie and poured them each a cup of coffee.
John jumps as Greg slides a warm palm over his middle. He flushes, stuttering around the doughnut in his own mouth.
*****
John feels his jaw drop. It's like... Candyland. That shitty game Harry always wanted to play when they were kids. Everything in the room seemed to be composed of some sort of sugar or sweet. A delectable smell of baking gingerbread fills the doctor’s nose, but eating is the last thing on his mind just now.
"He's not a hog," John says again.
Sherlock moves down the staircase, the cheery music turning a bit louder, and since it’s on repeat he feels like he knows every note now, and can’t help but hum along.
Sherlock swallowed. "Slipped passed as Duchess De La Marché made a scene about losing her invitation. She's quite the fury when scorned." He gulped, not sure if the kiss was an invitation. Or a threat.
And it felt like Heaven.
John smiled and ventured to let out another belch.
"I did," replied Sherlock pointedly.
He took a long drink of milk and burped lightly, then dove in for more pizza. As long as they were both eating. No need to hide it, right?
The barricade recedes, but just as Sherlock is about to go down the stairs, he feels a figure move behind him. He spins about, but his assailant has tackled him at the waist and they fly backward, Sherlock’s bony bottom leaving a sharp, but tiny, imprint on the soft stairs.
"John, the cab has been waiting for ten minutes, for God's sake what's keeping you?"
"A-again?" echoed John, his voice sounding hoarse, "Wasn't once enough? Is there even anything there to... I dunno."
John notices another tape and picks it up. It should fit into the one John got off the army bloke. They must have been attacked, to just leave it here.
Sherlock eyes the chair at the head of table, watching it visibly expand and shift, matching a size that… a size that looks like it was made for him.
He collapsed for a moment onto his massive - or, now, equally sized - lover, moaning happily, kissing at the man's flabby shoulders
"Did the dominatrix Madame DaVein ever call for a scenario with a Desire Demon in which she...in which she kills..." Sherlock asked, his hands slipping to the sides of John's belly, kneading the dough there lovingly.
This isn’t...this can’t be.
"G-God! John! P-Please, please fuck me! Fuck your fat hog!" Sherlock begged, rolling his fat cheeks against the man's face
"Of course you can," John growled, his pulse rising at Sherlock's eagerness. "Bring some cookies along if you want me even bigger... would you like that?"
“Y-yes-yes. Hurp! Braaahp! Want to- huh! Ah! So…
"Ah, p-pudding?" said John, swallowing a belch, his belly feeling only tighter for his trouble.
The detective starts to full on sob now, "J-jawn! Jawn make them stop! Pl-please Jawn! A-anyone, anyone please!" He cries into his hands for a moment, but then feels a warm, calloused hand on his shoulder.
"Moran!" John snarls, and he looks up. There's a moment of dawning fear and disbelief. Moran raises his weapon as well but isn't quick enough this time. John’s bullet hits him right between the eyes and he crumples.
He stood and turned, quickly leaving the room.
The fattened detective fell silent, his posture slouching and submitting instantly as Greg took hold of his collar and yanked him away from the now bawling girlfriend. John hesitated, then decided to try to comfort the girl, even as he felt something hot and sick churning in his own stomach. He overheard Greg talking sternly to Sherlock, rather like a father scolding a son.
"Oh for God's sake," John breathes, but he knows the man can't help it, so he just reaches over to pull Sherlock close, keep him out of trouble.
The detective responded a few moments later, John's warm hands making quick work of the hyper-sensitive detective. He slumped forward onto the desk, panting
"Tha's right," John grunted, popping the rest of the pie into his mouth and swallowing it down with a long gulp from the open milk carton beside him. It was so odd to see John like this. John, who always kept himself in control... disciplined... Now here he was, stuffing greasy gravy-filled mince pieces into his mouth as fast as he could chew them.
Eventually, things became routine and usual again. There was still the odd pang when a memory stirred, but it no longer generated grief as much as fond remembrance. They carried on. Just as she had asked them to.
John had settled on the bed and was now cutting a very syrupy and very buttery waffle into bite sized pieces. Sherlock watched him tenderly a moment, then had a thought swim to the forefront of his mind as it woke up. He seemed to sleep all the more deeply for the added weight.
He brings his hands down to grab at it, surprised, when he can lift it up easily.  He holds it at full arm’s length away from himself.
Sherlock swallows what’s in his mouth and groans, clutching his overfilled stomach with both hands. He pouts, tears in his eyes, "J-Jawwn. Tummy huurts" the detective whines, before shaking head aggressively and gritting his teeth.
"For our case at that orchard in Spain, you kept stuffing those oranges into your pockets as we dashed about the place. I would’ve bought a basket if you'd just said something," he laughed, finishing his tea, tummy groaning softly under his corset.
He finished the slice and sipped at his tea, tummy beginning to slosh lightly under his corset, feeling the tight thing strain against. He sipped again, then set down the mug.
"Deal." He said, holding out his slim hand to shake
"J-John I-"
He licks the frosting from his lips.
While John had been focusing on the roach, Sherlock had pulled up his tight, tucked in shirt, leaning his head  forward to take a mouthful of the red velvet bookcase.
"John!" Sherlock shouts, his tone still scared, but not of the creatures, of his doctor. The music is still pounding in the detective’s head, but he’s overcoming it, his will strong now that he has something to really think for – John.
There's a small note in the corner of the television - "Find out where he is in one guess, or he's dead - With love, JM"
"Spring roll?" Sherlock asked, lifting one delicately in his long, elegant fingers, his voice too deep and too gruff. John looked up, still chewing. His eyes flicked from Sherlock to the offered food, then back again. Then he leaned forward and engulfed it in one bite.
"So, what have you got for me?" he asked in a rumble.
Greg grunted dully, suddenly feeling sleepy as well. And so incredibly
"Eat me?" He murmured to himself. He lifted of the box's top, looking over its contents.
Colonel Moran clicks his tongue. "Safe? Oh, I doubt that very much, Watson. Just look at the state of your affairs." He nods at the tent, then his cold grey eyes fix back on the ex army doctor. "No one could be safe in your care or guidance, why, you've been heading in the wrong way. Haven't you noticed things have only been getting worse?"
"Come on," he repeats, grabbing the detective’s shoulder bracingly and tugging him up to stand. With a moment of thought, John takes one of the man’s hands to pull him along.
Sherlock tears his hand away and runs off into the maze of beds, not focused on going anywhere, just focused on getting away from John.
"J-ohn,” he laughs, his fat gut wobbling, "I ate a whole bed."
The hour struck 10. which meant that Deliah Masters was late. Sherlock scowled into his drink, though John seemed to be enjoying himself well enough thanks to alcohol and ignorance. Then a quarter after, Sherlock spotted a petite young black woman entering the room, watching her reflection in a mirror behind the bar. She was set to meet a short blonde man in a blue shirt fifteen minutes ago. Still, she was a pretty thing, even Sherlock could admit that. Her curly dark hair was done up in a colorful scarf That showed of an elegant neck and her clean jawline.
But he had to hide this from Sherlock. The man teased his brother mercilessly, if he discovered that John actually liked eating and fattening himself up... he'd lose any chance he had.
John’s head had hit the floor rather hard, he couldn’t breathe. When he does look up, Moran is kicking Sherlock mercilessly and the ex-army doctor feel that rage come boiling up again. He catches sight of his gun, lying perfectly safe on a table, bullets in their chambers, and grabs it.
Sherlock leaned lightly back into John's side, both their hands under the covers, silently palming his erection, hoping to will it away and only making things worse.
Sherlock shrugged and then loaded three thick slices of roast onto John's plate. To be fair, he took the same amount for himself. Then there were mince pies, buttery roasted vegetables, freshly baked rolls, and loads of thick savory gravy. John and Sherlock chatted and laughed with Mr. and Mrs. Holmes, shared cases that hadn't made it to the blog, and otherwise made merry as they ate and ate and ate. Mrs. Holmes cheerily pushed a new dish towards John whenever a clear space appeared. There was roast duck as well, mashed potatoes, fat strips of bacon, steak and ale pie... John utterly lost track of how much he was eating. He was full, then beyond full, then full to bursting with his trousers digging into his belly. But it was all delicious and too tempting to stop. Sherlock too seemed not to notice or mind as he loaded more food onto his lover's plate between bites.
Meanwhile, Jim Moriarty is throwing a tantrum. "Look, you! It's thanks to me you've got all this! That you have victims! All I want is for you to DO AS I SAY! WHY ISN'T IT WORKING?"
“I’m starving."
He reached down and lazily began stroking his cock with one hand while the other circled his overfull stomach slowly.
"Think I'm a bit fat to be honest," John retorted, huffing a small laugh that made the belly on his reflection jiggle. Fifteen pounds. Maybe more. He really ought to start jogging again and diet-the mouth at his neck nipped him reproachfully.
ex-army doctor now.
“Every inch of this big fat arse,” John agreed, giving one of Sherlock’s rippling buttocks a solid smack that made the detective keen. He hadn’t minded the weight gain, in fact both Sherlock and himself absolutely adored it, but seeing someone else dominate his lover. No. Absolutely not.
Sherlock tried to work out exactly what was happening with his trim, fit, muscled, partner. John couldn't have put on weight... no. No, his workouts were too frequent. He felt something inside him soften at all the treats, shrugging off any negative feelings toward the holiday and scooping extra sugar and cream into his tea, nabbing a small plate of cookies, setting the larger tray in between them and munching away.
"Sherlock!" John pushes past the crowd of faceless patients, "Oh thank God I-"
"Mmmm! John! Did you bring more food?" He asked, sleepily, his tummy gurgling loudly
"Yeah I know, I happen to love it though. Call this a compromise," John called back, just pulling a batch of freshly baked gingerbread from the oven and setting it out to cool. He slipped off his oven mitts and chuckled. "Just be thankful there isn't any Christmas music on too."
John moans, almost bellowing with glee, with pleasure, with pure desire and want.
"God John you're so...
A stern, but clearly nervous voice comes out.
He hoisted his gut, dropping it onto the enormous man's back, teasing his cock between the spirits flabby cheeks.
Then he crowded into Sherlock, kissing him hard and pushing him back down onto the bed. He practically pinned the man the the mattress with his new gut, pressing his weight onto the slimmer but softening detective.
Sherlock looks up smiling, "Y-you found me! I knew you would, John, you always d-"
It lets out a small whine, then starts quietly crying, holding a little arm over its dead, black, button eyes as it runs back up the stairs and its cries echo down the hall.
“Who?”
The desk creaked and groaned as if in agreement.
"Nope," Sherlock replied, popping the 'p' of his response. He grabbed a handfull of John's belly and kissed the man's cheek. "I
"Oi! You talking about Sherlock?" John demanded, crossing his arms and stalking up to the two of them. Anderson dropped his gaze, but Donovan folded her arms, smiling uncertainly.
"Come on, haven't got all night," said the driver. Sherlock stuffed a twenty pound note through the crack of the window impatiently and then resumed kissing his overfed love.
The hard wailing shifts to soft sobs, then quiet tears. Sherlock giggles a little when John gives his belly a kiss. He looks into John’s eyes, and there’s no remainder of detective there.
The monsters appeared because of John's addiction, not necessarily Sherlock’s own - because he would eat himself to death with or without them.
He took another piece of pizza and bit into it quickly, his words becoming muffled, "You've saved me too though."
The sound is overwhelming, and Sherlock is jolted back into that 'little' space, the music pulsing through him like blood in his veins.
Then there’s more clicking behind the two of them, coming nearer, and Sherlock points to an open door near the end of the hall, it looks like... like a spa room.
"John, you-But-How-I-" Sherlock cut all these words off with a moan, throwing himself at that gorgeous, perfect, beautiful, piggish John.
Sherlock hurried down the stairs of 221b, having been hiding away in his Mind Palace for the past several hours, finding everything to be...
His cheeks were slightly rounded about his white beard and cherry red, eyes full of kindness and warmth.
Sherlock beamed, smothering John's face in kisses, squealing excitedly
Before Sherlock can do or say anything her mouth is on his, her hands unbuttoning the shirt at the detective’s waist, probing  his soft tummy.
"Well you...if you’re going to run you might as well. I’ll have a pizza with your name on it and whatever those Q films are you like by the time you get back," he said, giving the man's hand a pat, desperately wishing he could just lean forward and kiss him.
John elected for some coffee first, the warm liquid soothing the stretch of his far too full middle just a bit. He could do this. He lifted his fork and dipped it into the mess of whipped cream and banana. The first bite was heavenly, the second even better, the third the best yet. His stomach twinged at him, begging him to stop, but his taste buds insisted that one more bite couldn't hurt. John did his best to keep chatting politely with Sherlock's parents, attempting not to let on that he had eaten far too much and really needed to lie down and groan for mercy.
“I might order some Thai, want any?" the normally not-hungry detective said, shucking off his coat and hanging it up as he walked into 221b. He took out the tape and tossed it onto the sofa.
"Door's open, boss," he growled as he stepped over to help the smaller man out with the large box that was taking up the other seat.
"Never going to happen," growled Sherlock, tipping John's head up so that he could look at him. He leaned down to kiss him tenderly, their middles squashing into one another, his belly spilling around John's sides. "But you're always welcome to try."
. And you're only warm with him because he hasn't cut you off yet."
Sherlock leaned into his one, true love, rubbing his nose against the perfectly massive man and giving his chubby cheek a kiss, one hand exploring the gut that stretched the man's XL jumper to the point of straining, the other feeding him. He squashed his own, fat gut into John's side, their blissful domesticity proving to be very effective on Sherlock's waistline.
“But, John-“
Greg flushed and mumbled something, rocking his bloated body slightly. He managed to sit up, his forehead sweaty, his cheeks impressively red.
“No, we’re going home,” said John curtly.
"Think you can
“I’m hungry,” Sherlock interrupts, buttoning his trousers with some difficulty over his tucked in shirt, his belly spilling over the waistband as he relaxes again, the buttons pulled to the edges of their holes.
John moaned loudly, the sound swallowed as Sherlock kissed him and he kissed him back desperately, pressing into Sherlock, feeling all that full fat weight against him.
His entire body felt like it had caught fire. Like it had been struck by lightning. He was drowning in pleasure. Being reborn a fresh, new creature.
As John thrust himself in again and again Sherlock moaned and whimpered, losing himself in pleasure, feeling John's massive gut jiggling and bounce against him.
John was watching and chewing methodically, determined to eat and put Sherlock at ease with eating.
But then Sherlock is kissing him, rolling him onto his back and letting that heavy full gut crash into him, and John can’t be bothered to worry about that anymore.
Somewhere in a control room, Moriarty snarls.
Greg hummed and stepped closer, one chubby set of fingers finding the man's hair.
He eyed the boxes wistfully. True, it was harder to hide in this clothing, but hot fresh pizza was hard to beat.
Sherlock Holmes was truly a gluttonous, fatty hog.
The ex-army doctor chuckles as well, tucking his head into Sherlock’s neck a minute to muffle his own laughter. Then he perches his chin on Sherlock’s  soft shoulder again, rocking them gently.
Two weeks had indeed passed since the couple's "Father Christmas" talk, and Sherlock was concerned. There was still a bit until Christmas, but John seemed... distant.
It’s full of just... names. Hundreds of them followed by... weights.
"My John" He hummed, peppering every part of his fattened lover he could find with kisses. He rubbed the man's wide, soft back slowly.
"That's good. I was going to have a long talk with you about things that are inappropriate at work, but I think I can teach you the lesson a bit better now," he said, grabbing a handful of Sherlock's bubble butt.
John feigned a yawn and stretched, then went back to the movie, his breathing hard and heavy. But he needed to calm down. No need to... complicate things.
Oh...OH!
Sherlock bolted up, looking around desperately for the sound. He hurried to the back hall and- No. No it-
"What did you bring me?" He purred, his tone low and rich.
John takes a deep long breath, finding himself soothed by the detective’s softness and size.
"Not really," grunted Greg, still pinned on his back. He burped again and scratched his belly. "We're hungry."
Jealous.
Truthfully, he was going to a burger place to inhale as many chips and greasy burgers and onion rings as he could eat without splitting his spandex.
"Sher-hurp- lock, Can you? Can you get that for-"
"Hello, little boy." The man sneers.
His sim cock was all the remained of his former body, the dark swirls of his crotch now springing from padded softness, cock pushed outwards by snogging thighs which curved to meaty calves. His fine socks and leather shoes grew tight, Sherlock kicking them off to give room to the newfound chub of his toes, fingers plump sausages as the sunk into John's love handles, two mountainous guts kissing with almost equal fervor as the man and spirit who owned them
His brain was quite possibly short circuiting. This was better- this was- oh God.
John chuckled and gave the man a bump back, groaning softly as his sensitive nipples were toyed with.
“Well, My took care of it actually. Good to have someone looking after you isn’t it?” Greg adds happily, rubbing his bulging belly.
The cockroach scuttles past and stops. As soon as it faces them, John fires right into its ugly face.
Sherlock leaned in and nibbled at the D.I.'s thick, creamy thigh, toying with his balls before licking a up the length of the Inspector's shaft
The breadcrumbs lead Sherlock to a corner, where two large photographs hang on the wall in gingerbread frames. The first is a small platoon of soldiers - eight strong, incredibly fit men in uniforms and trooper hats - their faces stern, postures straight - looking very much like John.
The demon snorted. "Ah good. That's the appetizer for me at least. Good boy," he purred, rubbing his belly further into Sherlock, his own cock hardening and now pressing against Sherlock's thigh.
John is awash in pleasure, his cheeks flushed, heart pounding, breath gasping. He whimpers, nodding eagerly. He is far past full. Bloated, stuffed full of calories, purposefully letting himself go podgy and plump, piling on weight that everyone else seems to want to lose. What will they think of him when they see him huge, rolling, and jiggling. Captain Watson gone soft. Far past soft? Well and truly fat. A real porker. A lazy hog that only eats and sleeps and grows. Where there once was a whirlwind of fear, there is now barely a flutter. He wants this. He has always wanted this. And Sherlock, brilliant Sherlock, loves him enough to help him see it.
it was like I had been waiting for you my entire life without knowing."
John. He was making the danger into far more than it really was. He had
John turned to him as the children filtered away, some hanging around to present him with minor scrapes, complaints, or trinkets they had made for him and watched as he tore strips from the bottom of his toga to bandage a scratch on a girl's arm and kissed her on the forehead once he was done. "Look at you," he said softly once they were gone. "You act as though you have no heart, and yet you are possibly the best human being that I have ever met. You
And then he had cradled her, and kissed her, and wept and screamed until someone who cared less had separated them.
"Your Excellency?" A young man was banging on the door with what sounded like the butt of a spear.
He smiled, somewhat relieved – now that he had allowed himself to anticipate the experience of penetrating Sherlock he could barely think of anything else. "Very well, then."
Suddenly one of the fighters seemed to come too close; Watson lashed out with his left hand, one solid, precise stroke that hit the jugular vein in the warrior's throat. The crowd howled in despair; apparently he had been one of the favourites. Sherlock smirked.
He nodded again. The stylus that had been tapping between his fingers finally flew out of his hand and skittered along the floor; Sherlock sighed and clasped his fingers together. "I obviously did not call you here for idle discourse on my arena, pleasant as such discourse is," he said after a deep breath.
Sherlock spared him a moment's sympathetic smile before bending the torch closer to examine the ground around the stain. "Ah! See, I was right. You can see here on the ground, the arrangement of footprints." He looked up as though expecting John to follow and look where he was pointing, but simply the thought of moving nearer to the smear of Mary's blood made his stomach turn. Sherlock turned back to it looking slightly put out.
The bigger man rolled his eyes slightly. "I cannot imagine how I would feel knowing that something that was such a big part of my life was almost over. Without the need for revenge so many things will be possible for you."
He let John kiss him instead, deep and slow and breathtaking, and put the thought out of his mind.
The Emperor paused before replying. "Yes," he said firmly.
"Are you all right? Did I hurt you?"
The gladiator turned pale, his shoulders slackening. Sherlock took a quick step forwards, suddenly worried he might collapse, but he held himself up, his hazel eyes wide. "I know how she died," he told him softly, "and it disgusts me that more was not done."
The burly man who had so neatly dispatched the Croatian had turned in a slow circle – acknowledging the crowd, who were screaming praise of the warrior they'd evidently encountered before – and settled to face John Watson, who was almost absently watching Anderson shy away from a Briton who was stalking him. Sherlock snorted.
John looked around the corner tentatively, but nothing out of the ordinary jumped out at him. "Why do you say that?"
He could not confidently reach between Sherlock's legs while still kissing his lips, and so he reluctantly left that comfort, pausing briefly to smear his lips through the oil trail between his ribs and rub it generously over Sherlock's pale nipples before settling with his chin on the soft flesh of Sherlock's belly, looking up at him while one slippery finger slid between the warm globes of the man's rear to find the nub of tightly-puckered skin.
done, but it makes the conclusion more obvious. Thus,
Sherlock stopped walking to turn to John, anger bubbling in his stomach. "And I cannot know how good
, and then dropped to the ground unconscious like a stone.
Sherlock almost tripped over a misplaced stone in the street, the screams and sounds of the city's centre loud in his ears. "No," he replied quickly.
on the Emperor's behalf, one statement – one
Sherlock looked around; another young slave was fidgeting nervously with his toga beside him, slightly out of breath as though he had run there. "Yes? What is it?"
of his heart. When he opened them again, the younger man had stretched out his tongue for the most adventurous stream of ejaculate on his chin. John helped him out by catching the drop on his finger and sliding it between the taller man's heart-shaped lips. Sherlock sucked on it greedily.
of his council and rub away the aches in the dimachaerus' muscles after each bout. He had planned for the eventuality of his still desiring John once Mary's killer had been found, but not like this. This was unsettling in its blinding intensity, and Sherlock
John smiled tightly. "Me," he replied.
could ever hope to."
Sherlock pressed an open-mouthed kiss to John's neck. "I am not sure," he said, and John wondered whether his pure and joyful smile wasn't the most beautiful thing in the Empire. "But it is wonderful."
John grinned up at him instead, trying to convey his apologies through his eyes alone. After he had won this fight – and he
The lanista nodded, grinning. "He is. That, I think, is why we love him. He has dreams, and fears, and desires just like the rest of us." Quite suddenly, the older man flicked his sword back into its sheath at his belt. "Actually. Perhaps... I would not be surprised if he were to request some form of closer acquaintance with you." John frowned, attempting to decipher
Again, the gladiator's lips curled up into a genuine smile. "Very good, my Lord."
John smiled coolly. "Not particularly."
"Yes. He is closely concerned with the way the circuses are run. I would say his constant presence was irritating if he were anyone else. You may want to attempt to get used to him, it is likely he will be around a lot."
He had yet to see the downside to it. If he had thought that sleeping with the taller man was it, he had rethought the assumption the moment the Emperor had looked so bashful and asked him to treat him like a lover. On the one hand, he had the chance to find the men who had so brutally murdered his wife – and he had no doubt that Sherlock would turn a blind eye to what happened to them once he did – and on the other, he had the intimacy that he had missed and craved so much since he lost her.
A strangled noise of disgust escaped John's throat, tangling in Sherlock's hair. "Bacchus forbid," he said in mock-horror. "You would have to begin forcing your gladiators to choose your arena or death."
The Emperor blinked. "Do people know where they come from?" he asked, sounding genuinely surprised. "I just think they are beautiful. I know nothing about them."
"Are you sure your clothing is sufficient for the weather, Watson?" he asked.
If John was by his side, Sherlock was beginning to think he would settle for anything.
them around. It had been
The arenarius grimaced for a moment, biting his bottom lip, and Sherlock almost ended it there. But then he released the breath he had been holding, his hazel eyes sliding shut, and Sherlock yelped in surprise as the body underneath him relaxed and he slid inside.
, even though I've studied it extensively at school and uni and am a bit bored of it, or
He made such a pretty picture like this. Sherlock grinned back and grabbed his hand. "Perhaps we should dress first," he suggested wryly.
like if it were a little closer," he replied, shifting against the bedclothes. John laughed as he flicked the last of the fabric from his groin and twisted it in his hands; he climbed back on top of Sherlock, letting his bare penis rub firmly against the soft, pale belly. Sherlock whimpered, his fingers sliding up John's thighs to grasp his hips.
, Sherlock, so perfect," he whispered into the overheating skin.
"You shut up,
, because John loved him, because John wanted it too.
genitalia," he replied, darting his tongue out briefly like a snake tasting the air – and the taste was everything he'd imagined. "Therefore it is beautiful."
Sherlock grimaced. "Please refrain from mentioning Mycroft in this situation," he insisted, licking tentatively at John's hardness again. The gladiator grunted softly. "John, have you… I understand that occasionally it is not unusual for a woman to… penetrate her partner in some way…"
The excitement of occupation, of turning a puzzle over in his mind and looking for the slots to make it click together, buzzed through his mind like an insect. Bartholomew Sholto's body had thrown the cold case of Mary Watson's murder into new light; they were on a trail now, and Sherlock's every nerve hummed with the thrill of following it. Less familiar, though, was the tiny sour note of concern for John underlying it. He hadn't thought about it when they'd gone to see the body, but this was the second familiar face John had been forced to see lying dead in an alleyway. Sherlock had never been so concerned with how another person would react before, and he didn't want to hurt Mary's mother, either – he wasn't quite sure what questions he would be allowed to ask without either of them becoming upset.
Watson smiled softly. "Yes, my Lord. It is a far more challenging and savoury environment."
The murderer dropped the box at his feet with a sort of triumphant finality. A few last coins rolled out and settled at the bottom of the boat. When John looked up, the big man was holding his hands out in front of him, offering them to be bound together, a surrender.
I am, but I do not wish it to be seen as
He leapt to his feet and smashed his lips against John's, realising too late that the gladiator most likely did not want the slightly unpleasant taste of himself against his lips, but John did not seem to mind; his hands dropped immediately to ruck Sherlock's toga up around his waist and delve into his loincloth. He did not bother untying the garment, but merely shoved it down to Sherlock's thighs and eased his arousal free.
he knew things instead of muttering a demure "yes, my Lord" and going in the direction he had waved his hand. Never had anyone stared at him and said "brilliant!" quite the way John had done.
John took his hand when Sherlock caught up with him at the corner of the street; Sherlock pressed a kiss to his temple. "She has so much faith in me," he confided. "It scares me. She is so certain that I will do good for the Empire."
The Emperor frowned at him. "Yes, of course. What did you think I meant when I promised I would help you to find her killer?"
"I wish to take you as a lover."
?" he repeated, his voice low. "Someone has stolen Claudia's savings, the money she was probably depending on to live, and your response is
name and emptied himself over his chest and neck.
The little boy beamed, and Sherlock felt the little bloom of warmth that always came from his treatments with the city's orphans. He had little time to think on it, however, as the boy led them around a corner and into the margins of the docks, past the flagships and galleys and into the ranks of the smaller fishing-boats and sloops, a veritable maze of wooden planks and the shouts of fishermen. It would be very easy to ready a boat quickly, Sherlock reasoned. Any conversation about the reasons for their escape would be swallowed in the mess of others trying to be heard over the constant roar of the sea.
Lestrade paused a moment longer, frowning at the shadow of a cloud crawling across the sand of the arena. "John Watson's military experience gives him a thorough knowledge of almost all the weapons that we use in the arena, and training him in the style of a
Unsure how they were supposed to begin, John took a deep breath and stepped forwards. The Emperor seemed to snap out of some kind of trance, drawing in a deep breath and looking him up and down.
Sherlock could think of a number of exceptions to that apparent rule. In fact, the only people he could think of that
"I am fine," he said quickly, hoping John would pass off the breathless, shaky tone of his voice as something unrelated to the condition between his legs.
Sherlock Holmes looked at him as though he was being supremely idiotic. "Night has fallen, Watson. Two men in the alleyways at night, obviously trying to avoid detection with our faces covered - for to have either of us discovered in that particular space would not bode well – we are bound to arouse suspicion. No doubt some manner of thug will attempt to hold us up and we must be ready to make a swift exit." With one last look around the bedchamber, the Emperor nodded sharply and started towards the door. "Are you ready?"
, but he wasn't sure he had expected the Emperor to say so. He had thought that intimate knowledge of something detracted from its beauty somewhat. It was almost touching to know that he still appreciated it. "Yes, it is," he said. "I expect you know more about it than I do, though."
wanted.
, the flashes of irritation that clouded his face when John had stopped to ask him to explain something he had said. The way he so briskly handed out orders as though he had no doubt that they would be followed. And yet – from how John had always imagined an Emperor would behave, he was almost scrupulously polite. He had played at Emperor and Slave as a child through the streets like everyone else, a game which had led him to imagine first one Emperor, and then the next, as a harsh and unforgiving man who was really nothing like a man at all. Sherlock Holmes was nothing like he had expected.
The fisherman merely blinked. John snorted and bent to lash the boats together.
Holmes made a noise of irritation. "Keep looking, Watson – ah! No, I have found it. This direction."
himself hope in the first place that it seemed even more incredible that John could
might want rather than something he himself wanted. While this might by others be seen as common courtesy to the Emperor, he'd already established that John Watson was not the type. He'd phrased it like that because he wanted Sherlock to order him to stay. Sherlock wanted him to admit that he wanted to, but overall he
Seeing an opportunity with only one arm engaged in defence, the Briton twisted quickly out of the reach of the knife and slung his own in a desperate, crushing blow to the head. Watson reacted seemingly without thinking, raising both his swords in a cross to block the blow, then quickly disengaging and slashing at the warrior's legs.
Still frowning, John nodded. "Immensely. But I cannot allow you –"
The next knock on the door was the softer rap of bare knuckles; Sherlock's head shot around to look, but his entire body slumped in John's arms as a soft, almost dangerous voice followed the knock. "
of John's pulse.
Sherlock shook his head. "You were with me – she would not have wanted me to know that she had allowed my gift to be taken from her. If it only happened recently – is it possible she did not notice it, or would not mention it until after Mary's death?"
Lestrade took a few deep breaths, as though to steel himself. "I… have an unorthodox request, my Lord," he said after a moment.
she seemed to accept him; perhaps it was that he came as John's friend, and that
The… oh, Minerva. You people will never
Lestrade had been a principal part of his life for so long, first as his means to freedom – a young gladiator that his father had allowed to take him places and keep him out from underfoot – and then as his lanista, the expert on the thing that he loved the most. The man who had found him John. What would he do, if not his job? Did he want to leave the court, leave
"The people love you," John maintained.
Sherlock shifted. "I had not yet informed you we were looking for him," he said, sounding startled.
The arenarius stood solidly, his hands held calmly by his sides. Sherlock swallowed, taken aback. "I very much enjoyed conducting our investigation last night. The puzzle, the thrill of the chase – I do get my own satisfaction out of this. Do not think that I am taking nothing."
Sherlock stepped until he was standing between the gladiator's spread legs, his breath coming faster as John's knees shifted to entrap him. He lifted his hands to unhook John's from his loincloth. "Let me," he breathed, leaning down to kiss him, to shift his weight until the two of them were horizontal and he was on his knees and elbows over the smaller man with the heat from his body warming his belly.
Watson and the tanned, burly man drew closer, circling among the jeers and catcalls from the crowd; the other man was clearly a seasoned fighter and already a crowd favourite, but many people seemed to have realised that the stocky Roman possessed a startling amount of talent and Watson was not unsupported. As they approached each other, the burly man shouted something which was swallowed by the crowd; Sherlock didn't catch it, but he saw the shorter man's face twist into a snarl of rage. Those eyes – he couldn't make out what colour they were – flickered quickly over the man's body, up and down, lingering on his stomach, carotid artery point, jugular. Sherlock's own eyes widened; he
John sighed into his cheek and took a step away. "I probably ought to do some packing, then," he said resignedly. "Would you get a bag from the supply room for me?" Sherlock frowned in mock astonishment; the dimachaerus laughed. "If it please you, Your Excellency."
John smiled back up at him, keeping his face carefully steady so that his smile did not tremble. "I am always sensible."
thought he'd made it clear already. And yet John was acting as though he expected to simply strip and lie back. Sherlock bit his lip as the arenarius stood up again, frowning at him with something approaching sympathy, if not outright pity. "I am willing to relinquish that part of our agreement, if you would prefer," he offered, wondering if it wouldn't be better to just take whatever John could give him rather than settling for nothing less than
John Watson smiled again. "I understand, my Lord." The arenarius held his gaze for a few moments longer. "I will see you tomorrow."
John stopped his smugness by tugging the loincloth away from his legs and holding it in front of Sherlock's face. "I could tie this over your eyes, now," he said slowly, stroking it between his fingers. Sherlock's mouth formed another smile even as his eyes darkened. "Or shove it into your mouth until I can no longer hear your pleas for me to move faster, to
Look at us. You have semen spread over your belly and sweat glistening in your hair, and I imagine I must look little better. We ought to wash properly, rather than just rinse ourselves down.
"He meant to kill you," he whispered, not quite answering John's repeated
But things had not changed for John the same way that they had for Sherlock; he had had to bite his lips to hold in the declaration of love that had wanted to escape him once more that morning to avoid the stinging pain in his chest when John smiled at him and did not reply. He knew that John desired him – that much was delightfully obvious – but would it be enough once their initial agreement was over to keep him in Sherlock's bed? And if it was, would Sherlock settle for simple desire, for the smiles when he told John that he loved him and the constant fear that he would change his mind?
Tonga curled his lips into a smile even as he sidestepped a balletic lunge from John's sword. "I never learned it," he replied. "Perhaps if I had fucked her, it would have mattered, but there was not time."
Flattered, even, that Lestrade believed he could do this. "The first time I saw you fight you caught my attention immediately," he tried again. "The thing that attracts me to the arena, you see, is the subtlety in the mechanics of fighting. There is always a moment, with each gladiator – well, you know this, obviously – where you can read in their body exactly what move they are planning, minute twitches that show exactly when they will execute it. Despite the fact that it was your first appearance as an arenarius, you could already read your opponents' bodies as well as anyone I had ever seen. To have that skill as
Sitting on the top tier, midway between the gates at either side of the arena, leaning back on his elbows, was Sherlock Holmes.
John's eyes widened. "The black fighter from the arena," he breathed.
He had
each other, and ourselves, into the perfect person for each other. We loved each other because we had always loved each other. I grew up thinking of her as someone I needed to cherish, to provide for and care for and have a family with one day – and that does not
, John had said.
As they walked John sidled closer to the Emperor until their elbows bumped with each step; Sherlock smiled at the carefully deadpan expression on the other man's face, as though he hoped Sherlock would not notice the movement. Then, so slowly Sherlock was almost impressed by his subtlety, he reached out and clasped Sherlock's dry, long-fingered hands in his, threading their fingers together like a lover's. Sherlock looked down at him in surprise, but when John simply smiled up at him he grinned back, his body relaxing into John's, idly discussing the army and the streets of John's childhood as they strolled through those same streets. He had never done anything quite like it, never felt anything quite like the excessive calm and
To his relief, John simply nodded and pushed on even faster, a pace which Angelo matched easily and Sherlock reluctantly endured. By the time they reached the docks and the two fighters stopped, Sherlock doubled over immediately, gasping to catch his breath.
Then they were back into it, the smooth rhythm of back-and-forth, punishingly fast. John barely blinked for fear that he would miss a jab or a cut, fail to block one move that might incapacitate him just enough.
Reluctantly, Sherlock patted John on the arm. "I shall see you tomorrow," he said, with forced cheerfulness.
You moan my name, your voice low and resonant and beautiful. You know my love for your voice, Sherlock. It is red wine and honeycomb, inside on a sunny day, decadent and cosy. Your body stretches around me as though it is my home. It is a strange contrast, the inviting warmth of your body against the cold, rough edge of the cage walls, one that reminds me of both our reasons for doing this here. You are so different from this world, so much higher – and yet you wish to lower yourself into it because of me, smother yourself with it because of me.
"How are you, Claudia?" John asked softly as she sat down again, carefully placing a cup of water in front of each of them. "And Arrian?"
believed that John
It took a while; after a few moments had passed Sherlock repeated the call, and it was
John took a deep breath in and let it out noisily through his mouth. "Well," he said briskly. "That was exhilarating."
in the absence of anything else to grip and was biting desperately at his bottom lip – and he
"History will most likely forget him," the bigger man said bluntly. "But we will not."
Watson chuckled. "Very much so, my Lord. A welcome change, meaning no disrespect."
, that I started to think that perhaps it
"Very good," Sherlock nodded sharply. "Did you manage to get much sleep after we returned?"
when they might start on the other side of the agreement as though he was looking forward to it.
They walked for a while longer, until they would hear the sounds of the forum drifting back through the streets. "I would like to face him in as fair a fight as is possible," John ventured finally.
? But I have the
John felt his eyes narrow and did not try to suppress the anger rising in his throat like bile. "Your
It was not until they stopped that John realised it was the first time he had laughed since Mary died; not until the Emperor stopped suddenly and John ran into his side with a soft
It was the wrong thing to say: John's face, which had just begun to relax, tightened again. "Right," he said, keeping his eyes straight ahead and beginning to walk again.
Warmth flooded Sherlock's face at the compliment. "Fantastic places indeed," he said, flushing harder as he remembered exactly
, but he could perhaps show the other man the depth of his emotion. "Tell me what you want," he said against Sherlock's lips when he could no longer breathe through the kiss.
Sherlock followed the gladiator's eyeline into a corner beside someone selling slabs of meat. Sure enough, one of the children who had been there when he had called them to find Small was hunched against the side of the stall. It didn't look as though the vendor had noticed her, but her eyes were fixed hungrily on a large quantity of tough, smoked meat hanging up beside the big man. Sherlock casually adjusted their course so that it would bring them up beside her – he knew that she would eventually judge her moment, snatch the jerky and run, and that she most likely would not make it far before they caught her.
John made to remove himself from Sherlock's arms, but the Emperor clutched him tighter and turned his head away again. "I am
Sherlock breathed deeply, his hips returning to the bed. "No – I simply – it was uncomfortable and I was not expecting it."
Sherlock Holmes smiled. "That is because you do not
Angelo clapped him ringingly on the back. "That is why you have us, my Lord," he replied easily, his rich voice ill-suited to a whisper. "We are your arms."
Outside, the last of the standing criminals – bandits, John remembered, who had been brave enough to venture inside the city's boundaries – fell to his knees, and one of the city gladiators quickly stepped up behind him and cut his throat. The crowd exploded. John took a deep breath. "He knows I cannot," he finished, but he didn't think Angelo heard. The big gladiator slapped him hard on the back.
The men advanced until they were level with them. The taller of the two – his eyes of a height with Sherlock's, his shoulders far broader – stared him down as best he could through the hood of Sherlock's cloak. "You stay out of this, pretty-boy," he growled. "The grown-ups are talking."
Sherlock Holmes looked disbelieving. "
A tiny sort of pleased smile crept across Sherlock's face. "I am glad you can separate that part of me from everything else," he replied softly. "The Emperor may be
The next swing at the man's own stomach landed so hard that it knocked the block right out of the way and drew a long line up his side that quickly filled in with blood. John raised an eyebrow at his opponent as he gasped slightly. Had the block not been there, the strike would have been serious, but as it was it was only a distraction. The screams of the crowd swelled around him. "Incredible," John repeated, trying to smile. His face was trembling with anger.
is what drew me to you, the first time I saw you fight."
that the box is missing, is that Morstan promised it to his friends and then died before he could deliver. One of the friends – almost definitely Small – killed Mary while attempting to steal the box, only to find that Sholto had already stolen it, so he tracked Sholto down and killed him, too. That means that Small has the box, so when we find him we can recover it and give it back to Claudia. So no actual
"And the best," Lestrade argued. "If he can teach the others how to see their opponents as he does, they will all become far better fighters, and they know it. I believe that John would make an excellent lanista." He hesitated for a moment, then cleared his throat softly. "And it would be safer for him."
The dog-trainer peered with little interest around the doorframe; Sherlock wished yet again that the stern stranger were not necessary to his investigation. "Can Cerberus trace these bloody footprints?" he asked nonetheless.
The gladiator's face softened; he stepped closer and slipped his hand neatly into Sherlock's. "No, I was not," he assured him.
"I expected that you would be," John admitted. "I wanted to obey you, but this was… his
Sherlock Holmes paused outside the walls and looked up at the tall stone building behind them. John found himself watching the pale curve of the man's neck as he bared it for a moment, before following his gaze to try and see what the Emperor was looking at.
Nero also rubbed a man's skin off with a fish as punishment for disturbing him. You are not seriously comparing yourself to Nero. Put that down, I am not about to change my mind simply because your fingers are inside me. Sherlock. We need to talk about this properly.
Sherlock refrained from sticking his tongue out at his older brother. "I can trust him."
"Are you all right, Mrs Hudson?" he asked, setting her down in front of him and studying her face.
The other caterpillar-like eyebrow joined the first, frost-coloured eyes flashing. "Ah." John risked meeting that brilliant gaze; Sherlock Holmes smiled kindly. "You come across as a remarkable man, Watson. I am confident you will do well in my court."
John swallowed. "My understanding of
His body was whiter than his bedclothes; so pale and vulnerable, his muscles carving subtle lines in his chest and barely visible at all in his belly until John stroked his fingers across it to tense them. Long, thin fingers curled and stretched against the white fabric of John's loincloth, and his closed eyelashes fanned across his cheeks like a horse's tail, his mouth open into a beautiful 'o' as he breathed into the sensation of John's fingers on his stomach.
"All right," he said finally. He could feel Sherlock's smile as he bent into another kiss, one hand reaching over to the bedsit for the oil as the other stroked down the side of his lover's face. "All right –
"People saw us apprehend him," he reasoned. "He must be executed in the Saturnalia games. The method of his execution I will allow you to decide."
He lit his torch, as the Emperor had done, from the bracket beside the door and hurried on; Sherlock was leaning against the side of an outhouse marking the corner of the cobbled street, his face bathed in reds and oranges from the torch, a look somewhere between impatience and indulgence twisting his mouth as he waited for John to catch up.
The other gladiators – three more of which were now bleeding out into the sand – started to catch on to what was happening and circle around the two, waiting for one or other of them to make a mistake. Sherlock narrowed his eyes; many of them were watching Watson because his back was completely unguarded without a shield, but from the box Sherlock could see his eyes flicking from the Briton to the others surrounding him, keeping them on the periphery.
The gladiators looked at him curiously; Sherlock shrugged. "I am unarmed – I was not expecting this, I do not generally bring a weapon to
He rolled his eyes. "And that is why you sit behind me and not in front of me," he reminded him. "The people expect it. Think of it as an exercise in strategy if it offends you, Mycroft."
you the position, John, I am not forcing you to take it. I understand that it is a different form of excitement than the Circus and I do not wish to
"Yes, my Lord."
important."
that this was what Sherlock wanted, that he would not turn around when it was over and make out that John had forced him. No matter how things looked, no matter which of them was tied to the bed, it was John who was being laid bare, trusting his partner with his life.
After a moment, Sherlock slid him off and then helped him to stand; John looked around to see Lestrade striding towards them, looking livid. "Ran off," the lanista growled when he got close enough. "Never seen the barbarian before.
When next they broke apart, Sherlock was mildly surprised to notice that he wasn't the only one panting. The kiss had been blinding and alluring, drawing him in until he could no longer think about whether John was really enjoying it. He was still smiling, his chest rubbing against Sherlock's with every shallow inhale. Sherlock's hands slid up and down the smooth skin of John's back, littered with the tiny bumps and dips of old scars; he was possessed with a sudden urge to call the arenarius' attention to each one and find out where it was from, how he had won it. To map them as things that he
To take his mind of the irrationally possessive thought, he pulled his lips away from John's and whispered against them, "Come to bed with me."
"Some. It would insist on being dreadfully boring."
been what he was looking at. "The constellations, and divination, and where they come from."
He chuckled. "Indeed. Much-needed rest for the both of us."
"No, my Lord," he replied. "The ground was brushed, I believe, once they…" his throat closed up suddenly and he had to clear it again before he could continue. "Once they removed her. But that was all. I believe originally it was an attempt to preserve it, in case any clue as to her killer could be gleaned from it."
The older man chuckled. "Ever curious," he commented idly, flicking his tongue out to lick quickly at Sherlock's cheek. "It is as if... almost like I have to use a chamber-pot," he commented. "Only without the urgency. It feels... nice."
He made a face; that sounded more cowardly than interesting. "Boring. Anything else?"
Unsurprisingly, John stopped dead. "The
Whatever John thought he was was lost in the first shock of climax in Sherlock's mouth, but Sherlock's heart-rate rocketed upwards nonetheless. Surely,
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at the scuffs on the animal skin. "Perhaps we –"
"Sherlock," he corrected, turning to face the older man, almost reaching for him but catching himself before his hands left his sides. "Thank
THE END
The bottom fell out of John's stomach. "What?" He took a moment to process the previous conversation. "You mean that you actually intend to go to the place where she was found and investigate her death yourself, my Lord? Tonight?"
"As you wish, Sherlock," he repeated. The rope seemed heavy in his hands, and he knew that if he tied it around Sherlock's hands and he pulled at them it would chafe and injure him in ways he would not be able to explain to the court in the morning.
giggling
"If I am hurting you, if you wish me to stop, you have only to say," he reassured him. John's hands clutched at his back as the gladiator kissed him in return, languid and peaceful. So Sherlock gripped his own arousal and gently guided the head into John's body.
Sherlock allowed himself to grimace. "The Circus Maximus," he admitted.
John leaned closer still until there was a mere inch between their noses. "My
He bent to pick up the sword he had wrested from his wife's murderer, and then sank into a bow to the Emperor and left the arena. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Sherlock, too, make his exit.
John grinned down at him. "Perhaps, my Lord – Sherlock," he corrected himself. Sherlock placed his hands on the older man's hips; as if this were a prompt, John reached up to place the gentlest of touches on Sherlock's dark curls. "But
"It is," John replied, smiling at Sherlock. "And I am very happy."
John frowned, thoroughly lost. He had the feeling that he had missed some vital piece of information that would allow him to follow the conversation. "It is enough to defend
They were gaining on the boat once more; Sherlock had hefted another shellfish from the net and was spinning it between his fingers. John took a moment to wonder when the Emperor had learned to throw with such precision, but it was only a moment, before the screaming muscles in his upper arms pulled his focus back to rowing.
John nodded towards the symbol. "That sign is a number, is it not?"
John had lifted his head and claimed his mouth again, cutting off his sentence. The kiss was hard, John's hand weaving into his hair and pulling it, and for a moment Sherlock thought he'd said something wrong. When John let him go, however, his head falling back onto the bed with a
Sherlock shook off the fantasy before the situation in his loincloth became irrecoverable and levelled smug eyes at Mycroft again. This time, to his delight, the taller man's sneer faltered and his eyes darted nervously around the arena as though searching for someone specific. Sherlock narrowed his own; Mycroft had better not have been looking for
"She was pretty, your wife," Tonga commented, smirking as he blocked a cut to the stomach.
The lanista was a quick and strong swordsman, though, and he needed to keep his eyes on him, to sense the tenses and changes in his muscle that pre-empted each movement a moment before the man moved so that John could block and parry and counter-strike in ways the older man would not expect. The last time he had wanted to impress the people around him so much, he mused somewhere in the middle, was when he asked Mary's parents for her hand in marriage.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock exhaled heavily and tilted his face up into the touch; on a whim, John gently replaced his fingers with his damp lips. The Emperor gasped, his hands clutching suddenly at the front of John's toga, not pushing him away or pulling him closer but just holding there, an anchor in the dark behind his eyelids. John let Sherlock feel the smile on his lips as he dragged them
"Tell me how it feels," Sherlock breathed against John's cheek, his arms shaking with the effort of holding himself up and still.
his mind had been. "I trust you were not too fatigued after last night?" he diverted hastily.
His finger slid in easily this time on a controlled exhale from the Emperor; John could not help but bend to press sucking kisses wherever he could, listening to the soft sounds and feeling the twitches of muscles as Sherlock responded to the oh-so-gentle movements of John's fingers inside him.
When he was done and both men had caught their breaths, John slid down Sherlock's body until he could feel his lover's arousal against the cleft of his rear. "Take what you need," he said softly.
Did he mean that John would be required to entertain the Emperor? Or teach him, as Lestrade himself had previously? Or... "He will always give you ample opportunity to say 'no'," Lestrade continued, frowning slightly.
had he overreacted like that?
John beamed. "I should hope so," he retorted. "I am glad you finally realise it."
Lestrade grinned slowly. "Yes, I suppose. I got to know him as the child that would
The Emperor's green-grey eyes narrowed. It had seemed odd from the start, a murder that distinctive and nobody to blame. "No wonder he came here," Sherlock commented idly. "Is he fighting as a
"Goodnight, Sherlock," the dimachaerus said gently when they broke apart, and then he turned and almost fled from his sight.
"There is something else I wish to do this afternoon," Sherlock admitted, smiling at his lanista. "But thank you for the invitation."
, but he had not expected Sherlock to take so much time to ensure that he did – even so, the
John Watson actually smiled. "Even so, my Lord. I am not backing out of our agreement." When Sherlock, still slightly shocked by the fighter's willingness, did not respond, he frowned, his face contorting with worry. "Oh, unless… my Lord… if you no longer desire…"
"I am sorry I left this morning, my Lord," he ventured finally. "I did not wish to be tardy to the arena but I assumed you would prefer I did not wake you."
The three of them broke into a sprint, Angelo throwing puzzled looks between them as he kept up. "Why am I here, my Lord?" he asked amiably.
Once inside, she turned back to John. "I was not sure I would ever hear from you again," she said, her voice suddenly sounding stern. "Arrian told me you had joined the gladiators. I thought before I could ever speak to you again you would be dead."
almost slipped out of his mouth, but John caught it just in time. He supposed that he and Sherlock had not been particularly careful to hide their relationship from Angelo. "It was an… agreement we had," he admitted. "He wanted my company, my…" John blushed, but Angelo merely nodded with a dismissive wave of his hand that plainly said he did not want
any of them either. They were all stupid and boring and yet they still treated him as though
. You are slick with oil and my fingers slide inside you
He wanted to kiss the stocky warrior more than anything; more than he cared about what the few people whose eyes he could still feel. With an exultant sigh, Sherlock swarmed forwards, pinning John against the column they had leaned against and pressing their mouths together, pushing easily past John's lips and invading his mouth with his tongue, finding his hands and pinning them either side of his head with their fingers intertwined. John's lips curled into an open-mouthed smile underneath his as they kissed.
Sherlock.
," he said. Lestrade shook his head to say that he did not understand it either, but Sherlock gave him a
what we had together, but it makes
, and yet so
see, Sherlock," John retorted, leaning forwards and placing a chaste, simple kiss at the corner of his mouth.
Once again I'm sorry about the wait - I had the mid-semester rush to contend with and then I've had a really terrible last few days. Thanks so much to everyone who commented last chapter - you made me so proud of my co-author. Not that I wasn't terrifically proud of him in the first place.
Sherlock nodded. "If I were forced to give a reason for loving you, that would be it. Because I admired you for your style in the arena before I met you, and then after I did you turned out to be everything I have ever wanted in a person, all the habits and vices and beliefs that either complimented or contradicted my own so
Sherlock moaned as the arenarius writhed in pleasure beneath him, his own thin fingers dancing teasingly up his penis, flicking over the head just enough to catch the pre-come and spread it around, his fingers still slick with the oil he had used to prepare John. The sight of it, of his own pale fingers over the other man's thick and throbbing arousal, of John with his head thrown back, his mouth open to allow the stream of half-formed words and noises to pour out, made Sherlock's own prick tremble and his hips drive harder; he couldn't understand any of the words that the auctoratus was using, but he could make out the occasional
His muscled Black companion, however, had not frozen; in fact, at the sight of Sherlock's purple coat and John's familiar, furious face, he had sped up his ministrations to the sails. Now they unfurled with a majestic
John Watson blinked in surprise, his eyes widening. Sherlock raised an eyebrow. "Does that surprise you? I would have thought Lestrade would have noticed."
Sherlock buried his face in John's shoulder as his hand tightened immediately,
John's mouth tightened into a hard line as he watched the man suffer. "You are far beyond
John stood impassively and watched until his wife's murderer was two feet from him, their eyes locked together. Tonga's thick, barbarian lips curled into a familiar sneer. He didn't try to speak. John took one step forward and sliced the rope with his left hand, eyes still fixed on the dark ones in front of him, watching the slight flinch as his sword nicked the man's wrist, doubtless drawing a tiny trail of blood. He smiled. Then he took three steps backwards.
John pushed his lips outwards in something he would perhaps have called a pout on anyone else's face. "
John watched him for a moment, his hands still soothing the soft skin of Sherlock's prominent hipbones. "Do you wish me to continue?" he asked carefully.
His lover pushed him, chuckling. "It is easy to clear those cages of everything but the smell of sweat and leather." John's smirk was knowing. "I know that you have thought of it."
Sherlock rolled his eyes. Had this been him and John alone, there would perhaps have been an elated kiss before bouncing back into the investigation. But Lestrade had no clue what was so important about a one-legged intruder and he was looking at them warily, as though afraid Sherlock would lunge across the low table to tear off John's cloak and toga and take him right in front of them. Sherlock closed his eyes for a moment as his every sense gladly joined in the imagination of such a moment.
the man, face to face?
Sherlock let out an almighty shout; John heard the bar above the bed creak and shift as his arms tensed reflexively, yanking it away from the wall. He released the appendage in his mouth in order to say calmly, "You see, your wrists would be bleeding had I tied them with rope."
Sherlock clapped his hands. "Brilliant!" he said, keeping his voice to a stage-whisper. "That could explain it. You said Mark Morstan was a gambler. He had got himself into trouble before – what if it happened again? He somehow got into trouble with his friends – or with someone else, and promised the other three equal shares in that box of sestertii to get him out of it?"
it. He stepped forwards and folded John into a clumsy hug instead, fitting John's chin against his sternum and burying his nose in the short, clean-smelling hair. "Do not be sorry," he murmured into it. "I was not expecting you to say it at all."
Sherlock pushed him away, chuckling. "We cannot, John," he said with more than a hint of reluctance. "I sent Angelo away
Sherlock, to bury himself in him until people could barely tell them apart. He wasn't sure – wasn't ready to
He was the Emperor, and he was Sherlock Holmes. Perhaps the former wasn't enough to gain Watson's complete consent, but the latter... maybe he could make this work.
Two burly attendants in undyed short togas dragged Tonga's body away by the legs, leaving a smear of red in the sand. John watched them go, drowning in the cheers from all sides. When he looked back up at the Emperor's box, his hands still trembling slightly, Sherlock was still standing up at the edge of the box, leaning out over the stands. From this distance, John could not read his expression.
Mycroft, on the other hand, abhorred the games. Sherlock often wondered how his brother had grown up the way he did in the city that they lived in; he'd never met anyone else who thought quite like him. He'd managed to keep a reasonably normal appearance to their father, but to Sherlock in private he'd admitted that the bloodlust and fury that fueled the people of Rome confused, disgusted and sometimes intimidated him. Mycroft personified calm and reasonable thinking, which was useful in the tactical part of ruling the city – and half the Known World – but not terribly personable to a public ruled by passion.
. It was not intentional, but he smiled nonetheless. "Quite. I apologise. You are quite disarming, John."
I love you, too. Your toga is crooked, my dearest – come here and let me rearrange your hair.
Small looked as though he would dearly like to get up and run away, but his body managed no more than a few limp twitches. "It was not me," he gasped instead. "Mary – I only wanted to threaten – but Tonga…"
, Mycroft," he shouted childishly.
There was no other term for it: the arenarius
Sherlock stared at the corner where he had disappeared for a moment, before retiring to his bedchamber and pulling the sheets over his head to block out the rise of the sun.
. Sherlock crossed to the window and threw the shutters open. "Small cannot have come through here," he muttered. "But perhaps…"
The little bottle was half-full after their previous use; John wondered whether this was the only use the bottle ever came to, or whether Sherlock perhaps used the same oil to clean himself or his furniture or his longsword that he kept hidden in the trunk at the foot of his bed.
John smiled with a deferent bow of the head. "I would imagine a mind such as yours would reach rather fantastic places," he commented.
John stopped and stared at him, and Lestrade shook with a lazy chuckle. "Forgive me," he said between rumbles of laughter. "My style is somewhat different from Dimmock's, I believe. I will be honest with you, John: you are a gladiator. It is unlikely you will live to see the next Saturnalia. Call it a weakness if you will, but I aim to make your last months as pleasant as possible." He shot another scintillating grin. "And, of course, if you do
Cerberus was a huge black hound with drooping ears and huge red eyes. He barked dully at Sherlock, pushing his wet nose and gaping jowls into his hand. Sherlock patted him half-heartedly, winding the rope that bound him tightly around his hand.
The people, Sherlock knew, watched the gladiators out of a frenzied lust for blood; the screams of the audience all but drowned out the screams of the fallen fighters on the sand. The primal nature of it, of desperate men fighting for survival and all too often not succeeding, encouraged such a similarly primal reaction from the watching city that smart women tended to avoid the thick of the crowds as unsafe. And yet… above that primal level, the smell of blood and the hum of adrenaline, Sherlock enjoyed watching how individual men thought and fought their way out of the arena. There was a moment, with the good ones, where one could see strategy flicker behind their eyes, a split-second pause between the idea and the execution when Sherlock could predict each move a man would make and each counterstrike from his opponent. In this moment his breath caught and the anticipation filled his limbs and his head with blissful static.
He could hear John's heartbeat from where his ear was pressed against the other man's side, and attempted to distract himself with the noise, deep and steady. It
John had almost expected another reprimand for his desire to face Tonga fairly, so the unexpected answer made him smile in surprise. "I suppose. There will be other things I can direct my attention to."
Sherlock looked around for the lithe girl with the flaming orange hair. "Where is she now?"
Lestrade looked surprised. "Yes, my Lord."
John shook his head. "No," he said softly. "My leg has not yet fully recovered from the fight – I think I should get some sleep. Lestrade will expect me to train properly tomorrow." Sherlock nodded; he did not particularly want to walk down to the docks to snoop around in the dark – without the torch that Lestrade had taken with them – for signs that Small and his accomplice were still there. So with an abrupt sigh, the two of them started off back towards the court, John leaning on Sherlock slightly as his leg began to complain. Sherlock felt a twinge of guilt for dragging him to the alley in the first place.
"Are you still certain that this business with John Watson is the best course of action?"
The difference seemed minute, and perhaps to another man it would not have been noticeable. But Sherlock recognised the intent behind it.
The dimachaerus frowned at him, sitting up and rearranging his legs into a more serious position. Sherlock fidgeted uncontrollably. He had expected John to be more…
Sherlock's flesh fluttered under his fingers, tightening even as he stroked over it, and John found it difficult to believe that even one of his thick, warrior's fingers could venture
John bit his lip. "As you wish," he said quietly, lifting joined hands as though they might help to buoy the sudden sinking of his heart. He had begun to think that perhaps his Emperor
But he could not afford to think about it, because Lestrade had changed his grip on the broadsword he was holding, and John had to quickly flick his own sword - the man who had fetched him had instructed him to bring only one - above his head to block the sudden swing he knew was coming. He had to divert a considerable amount of focus to not allowing his eyes to stray to the Emperor, to not check obsessively whether the tall, pale man was shaking his head in disappointment or had lost interest in the fight completely.
Sherlock shook his head minutely, watching the huge hound snuffling at something underneath the room's shuttered window. "Lestrade," he directed at the lanista behind him. "Fetch the candle from the other room, would you?"
the gladiator. John's eyes were closed, but he did not look to be in pain; he, too, was panting and clutching at Sherlock's back. Then he opened his eyes. Sherlock smiled. "Are you all right?" he asked in a whisper.
"And you still accepted my offer so readily? By Jupiter, Watson, you are easily bought." John thought that the taller man was scolding him until he noticed that his grey – or were they green? – eyes were soft. "You must have loved her very much."
Sherlock kissed his inner thigh. "So I will be the first to touch you in this way?" he asked, feeling his own arousal twitch at the thought. John made a noise of assent. Sherlock had to close his eyes for a moment to avoid losing control completely. He wanted to be
as though I am about to refuse. Being a
His breath caught. "No, it will be fine," he dismissed shortly. He had promised, after all; one night for avenging Mary, one for lying with John. He didn't want to push his lover emotionally, and he knew his own body was not up to any strenuous activity after the sprint back.
him."
John growled deep in his throat. Sherlock schooled his face to remain neutral and not allow his mind to wander to the last time he had heard the dimachaerus make that particular noise. "I want nothing more than to walk over there and rip out his throat."
The dimachaerus' calloused hand gently travelled up his side and down again to his hip in a motion that was supposed to be soothing but instead served to add to the sparks of arousal shooting through his body, as though John's fingers were tinder against the flint of Sherlock's skin and the one caressing the other would lead to Sherlock's entire body being set alight. He drew in a shaky breath and shifted to allow his growing erection a little more comfort.
Soon enough, Watson stood in the arena with only one other man while Sherlock watched, panting slightly and trying to hide his burgeoning erection from his brother.
He had meant for this to last, but somehow he had known it wouldn't. Not after he'd been wound tighter than a ballista with anticipation since the previous night. Carefully, not bearing to cease the snapping of his hips, he slid down until his chest touched John's, until their entire bodies joined and rubbed against each other with each thrust, increasing the sensations tenfold. Somewhat desperately, he bent his head and kissed John, his tongue mimicking the motions of his hips, and John responded eagerly, his hands still hot and firm on Sherlock's shoulders, pulling him closer, harder. Their bodies moved together in frantic synchronisation, in and out like their breaths as they had run last night.
"Oh," Sherlock cursed softly. "Mars and Jupiter."
And I love you. I love the transcendent expression on your face as you throw your head back – hitting it against the stone wall once again – and your arousal twitches and throbs against my stomach, expelling fluid and soiling the clothing I had forgotten we were wearing. You are so beautiful,
For a moment they sat in silence; Claudia stood up and filled a cup from a pitcher of water on the bench. "May I offer you wine, my Lord? Or water?"
There was a
"You do not have to," Sherlock reminded him. John shot him a quick frown before tentatively poking out his tongue and licking the glossy head. Sherlock drew in a sharp breath at the sudden wet warmth. "
what other things John was thinking of, Angelo smirked briefly. "His Excellency must love you very much to have done this for you," he said softly, his face sobering.
Sherlock felt his mouth fall open. He had thought that those words may have been on John's lips in the alleyway after they had arrested Tonga, but he hadn't thought that John would say them plainly like this, not clouded by arousal and with a determined expression on his face.
Panic and adrenaline flowed through John and his hand was inside the cloak reaching for his dagger before he knew quite what he was doing; a warm hand on his arm brought him back to reality.
He opened his mouth to say something scathing to his brother, but Mycroft's eyes were narrowed and fixed on something over Sherlock's shoulder. "Y-your Excellency?"
without causing his lover unbearable pain.
"You are doing fine," John said, grinning and pulling their mouths together again. Sherlock grinned back, his wandering finger finding its destination as he struggled to hold everything together and not fly apart into a million sparkling pieces more brilliant than the stars. "In fact, you are -
John wanted to burrow into Sherlock's embrace and apologise for hurting him, but he had started this now and he would see it through. "I am not sure you realise you are doing it," he consoled the younger man. "But you are constantly second-guessing yourself,
John had already decided that the exercise was a test of how much John trusted Sherlock – because he believed that the Emperor trusted him absolutely, and therefore that element of the assessment was irrelevant – and what better show of trust than this? He had to
Then John leaned forwards and took Sherlock's mouth.
if he died of it – only that would leave Mycroft on the throne, and that was less than ideal.
Sherlock studied the small room; it had no windows. "I am not sure," he said slowly. After a moment of scanning the room for alternative points of entry, Cerberus seemed to give up on the elusive mouse and trotted off through the rest of the house, snuffling happily. Sherlock narrowed his eyes. "Perhaps if they – oh!"
John crouched and turned his eyes to the ground. The light at this level was terrible and he could almost feel his eyesight deteriorating as he scanned the dust, but he saw nothing. "I am afraid I cannot see anything, my Lord," he called back.
Lestrade's mouth twitched. "Is it for the reason that I think?" he asked. Sherlock could feel the man's warm eyes raking across his face and smiled absently.
Sherlock did not say.
John chuckled dryly. "Perhaps," he said. "But I know he did not kill Mary."
Sherlock smirked wryly. "Not
I would like nothing more than to marry you, my Sherlock, insane as you are. We will talk about it. Now put your hand back on my penis.
it, but he wondered as their mouths dipped and danced together how long it would take before his proclaimed lover was comfortable enough to take
Sherlock smiled. "Thank you," he said earnestly. "And thank you for answering my questions. I believe we are a great deal closer to discovering the reason for Mary's death."
like he owned John had, somewhere along the way, become immensely appealing. But it was
John kissed the top of his head, his arms coming up to cradle it to his chest. Sherlock could feel his smile through his curls. "I love you too," he murmured in response, enveloping Sherlock in warmth and the sound of his breathing. He closed his eyes and let the rest of the world fade away; John was safe, John loved him, John wanted to grow old with him, John would be
There was a dark smudge on the deep window-ledge, barely visible in the moonlight; Sherlock traced his fingertips over it. The colour was indiscernible in the half-light, but when he bent and sniffed at it, the rich smell confirmed his suspicions. "Blood," he said aloud.
Sherlock had bunched his purple cloak over his shoulders as they ran; he spread it out now, over one arm and down to fall across his toga in true ceremonial fashion. He seemed to stand straighter, too, pulling himself up a further two inches on his already impressive height.
screams.
And there I thought you were simply admiring my legs. So many of these men have been in the arena for
that he would constantly be struggling to follow the younger man, but to have it reinforced in such a physically evident manner was not something he was prepared for. Sherlock Holmes moved from target to target faster than the elite archers John had seen at Ctesiphon.
They stood looking at each other for a moment, Sherlock drinking in the sight of Watson's body unadorned with sweat, clean and at peace in a simple toga that failed to hide the impressive curve of his pectorals, Watson looking nervously around the room; Sherlock noticed that his eyes returned every few seconds to his Emperor's face as though he was finding it difficult to keep them away. He smiled. "I assume Lestrade granted you an extra week to acclimatise yourself before involving you properly in bouts?" he asked finally. Watson's eyebrows twitched into a tiny frown.
He tried to leave his arms at his sides. It wasn't that he was self-conscious exactly - well, only a little. John was so perfectly built and he had always been slightly too thin and too pale, and he so desperately wanted John to like him physically. To his dismay, John frowned.
Sherlock thought for a moment about her question before answering, "Because it is what John wants. And I believe he deserves to get that."
no fair fights – it is the way I have been trained, and you
Do you see? If you really
Sherlock and Angelo watched him impassively as he approached; both of them looked as though they were unsure what expression was appropriate for the situation. He smiled weakly at them before turning his attention on their captive, taking the wide chin firmly in his hand and yanking until their eyes met. "That money belonged to the mother of the woman you killed," he said softly. Out of the corner of his eye, John noticed the bobbing movement of Sherlock's throat as he swallowed. He leaned closer, making sure that the man could see that his eyes were hard and completely without mercy. "Of
"I'm sorry," John said. It came out all in a rush, a choked jumble of words.
She'd been picked up for drunk and disorderly behaviour, and had passed the evening alternating between vomiting into a bucket and unleashing frightfully creative streams of profanity on anyone who dared pass by the door.
She did not respond right away, but he hardly expected her to. It was Christmas, after all. People were busy on Christmas.
John had not looked away. He was at the edge of the sofa, his left hand balled into a fist, pressed into his upper thigh. He looked tired, tense. Unhappy.
"I don't need the rent money, John. I never have. Surely you've worked that out."
"No, it—" he hesitated. Smiled in spite of himself. "The flight ended up delayed due to an, erm, unruly passenger. Security had to drag him off. So that. You know. Gave us something to talk about for a while."
"You don't wear rings," Moriarty had mused out loud, an ironic, smirking lilt to his voice. "You know, someone might get the wrong idea."
He paced and he wondered what Rosie would say when she finally returned home. Wondered what he might say in return. Ran through no fewer than six hypothetical scenarios in his mind that ended in Mycroft's death, each more grisly than the last.
The laugh bubbled up before John could stop it, unexpected and loud and bright in the small space. The air between them seemed to warm.
Rosie, who had gone quiet and still in Sherlock's arms, flailed violently at the sight of her.
"I guess it was," John amended. He let his head drop, his chin brushing against his chest. "A confession. I guess it was. But I didn't—it's not what you're thinking."
John looked away. Sherlock was not dead, of course. He never had been. But the neat kitchen, the neat flat, was disconcerting, all the same. It left John off-kilter, homesick, aching for something he was not quite sure existed.
"Christ," John said. "No. Didn't you hear me? I can't—not right now."
"Well," John says. "Yes. Isn't it?"
She smacked his arm. "Enough of that. I'll probably wind up spending the week by myself on the beach. There are worse ways to pass the time."
The landing at the top of the stairs was small, the flooring uneven, the hall light too dim to ever really properly illuminate the space.
Sherlock stares at him. Waits.
Sherlock pulled onto Baker Street. Drove right up onto the pavement in front of the flat, heedless of honking horns and angry shouts. He glanced sideways at John again. "Should I be taking you to hospital?"
Next to them, in her high chair, Rosie babbled and kicked her legs.
"Um," she said.
John smiled tightly, stared at him.
He is wearing a white t-shirt, slightly stained. Jeans. Boots. There are strands of cornsilk caught in his hair.
Sherlock shrugged, still watching him warily. "Only the pertinent bits."
, he is saying goodbye
"John?"
Mycroft turned to look at him. His eyes were distant, pained. It was an unusually human expression, and Sherlock looked away, discomfited.
He was in the passenger seat of a car, his head lolling against the glass. He did not recall how he'd got there. The heater was turned all the way up, warm air pouring out through the vent. He felt vaguely nauseated.
"You're angry."
Sherlock looked at him, stepped closer. He narrowed his eyes. John could almost see his mind working behind that intense gaze, the wheels turning, the dots connecting.
"John," she said, coming towards him, putting her hand on his forehead. Her palm was cool, dry. He shut his eyes as she tutted. "You look like you've seen a ghost, dear."
He doubted he even had much to worry about from Moriarty. If Irene was right (and Sherlock certainly seemed to be betting his life that she was), Moriarty was likely now leaning on his second leak, his backup plan. John had delivered his information to MI6, and had therefore served his use. There would be no point pursuing him, unless Moriarty fancied himself the vindictive type.
The upstairs bedroom was too small. It was not a permanent solution. At some point, Rosie was going to reach an age where she deserved a measure of privacy, a space to call her own.
"Um," Sherlock said, and then he was climbing over the console, awkwardly clambering into the back seat with his too-long limbs. His knee cracked against John's.
John sighed, did not respond. Everything Sherlock did was a spectacle. That was just the way it was.
this? Hope? Joy?
Away from the windows the corridors are dark and echoey, the walls adorned with stone, presumably to make the experience more immersive. He dislikes the way his footsteps resonate, the way voices bounce off of the walls. There is something claustrophobic and unsettling about all of it.
"Shut up," he says, without rancor. "Just—look, when you died, Sherlock, when you jumped off of that roof, I was in a bad way."
"Yes," John said, and he folded his hands in his lap and tried to look like a reasonable person. He carefully ignored Mary, focused on the man sitting across from him. "From London. Just last month."
"Right," John said. He sat back against soft leather, turned to look out the window. There was rainwater beaded up on the glass. Storefronts and traffic slipped by. "Bit of a family business, then? Spying?"
A spider danced across his nose, feather-light legs brushing his skin, looming large in his line of sight and he nearly flinched, nearly gave up the game.
"It's—" he says, and stops. His mouth is dry.
"I've paid someone to maintain them."
there, waiting for Sherlock to acknowledge him, and—
The pieces fell into place.
The flat was quiet. The walls seemed closer, somehow, the wildly clashing wallpaper pressing in on him. He clenched and unclenched his fists.
He stood at the window, watched the swirling snow.
Sherlock is in front of him, crouched down, a hesitant hand hovering at his shoulder. John startles a bit. He did not hear him stand up.
"I'll ask you again," he said. "What are you doing here?"
"Christ," John groaned into the kiss, bringing his hands up to clench at the lapels of Sherlock's jacket, crumpling the fabric.
"You're to be released into my custody in the interim. Afforded every courtesy typically granted to an agent with MI6. With certain caveats, of course. They will not allow you to flee, Sherlock."
He took off his gloves, put them in his pocket. Picked her up, surprised at the heft of her. She'd been so very, very small when he'd seen her last.
Sherlock breathes out, all in a rush. There is a painful twist behind his ribs, accompanied by the odd swoop of elation that only ever seems to happen when John does something unexpected. It makes him want to grin again, propriety be damned. He manages to control himself, but only just.
John's hand on his neck squeezed his shoulder briefly before falling. "It sounds as though everyone who has ever taken the trouble to get to know you is enamoured with you," he observed idly. Sherlock felt his face flush. "And I can see why."
Lestrade clapped him firmly on the shoulder, shaking him out of his increasingly panicky thoughts. "Head in the game, John?" he asked brightly, though with the undercurrent of concern that John had come to love about the lanista. He liked to pretend he was harsh and immoveable, but his eyes betrayed the concern he held for each and every one of his gladiators.
. Quite apart from the fact that lanistae did not simply
Setting aside, naturally, the fact that it was my
to answer his questions if they were going to hurt her. "Please get up. I am here as a friend, not an Emperor."
good reason," he agreed.
Lestrade looked from one to the other; Angelo simply smirked and looked away. "Right," he said. "Well, the other gladiators are at lunch, so if you are finished, my Lord…"
I am certain that you know exactly how difficult it is for me to concentrate on correcting ward positions when I know that you are waiting for me on the other side of the arena wall. Are you lying on my bed, sitting on my chair? No doubt you are thinking of me, of what I will do to you when I call an end to training and join you in my old bedchamber. The sight of you flushed red with desire will never not make my knees want to buckle.
John stared at him, speechless, for a long moment. "I… Sherlock, I
Holmes drew another deep breath and tore his eyes away from the sky. "Yes. I believe one should hold in their mind only relevant information. That leaves less room for error and more to accommodate new things. Most likely when I was a child I deemed the stars beautiful but irrelevant and erased the information."
"Shall I come back to the palace with you? You may as well keep the cloak. If I store it in the gladiator's quarters someone is bound to ask about it at some time."
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "You are hardly infirm, Watson," he dismissed, turning on his heel to start down the next street.
No. Not aroused, then. Sherlock let the leg back down, wincing when the movement rolled his body closer to his lover's and let the bulge in his loincloth rub gently against the other man's leg.
children like these, and I could not stand by and abandon another child to the same fate."
John had not been a young man for quite some time – and certainly had not
John Watson, though, if he carried on like this, was well on his way.
the man until it was a burning desperation that threatened to shatter his control. "She had a name," he said instead, amazed at the way the words almost sounded calm, even through teeth clenched so tightly that his jaw ached.
The other man was still smiling his grotesque grin. Nausea rose in John's chest. "We shall see," the murderer growled.
Sherlock lifted an eyebrow. "Once we have him, I will allow you to do anything you want," he replied coolly. The corner of John's thin lips twitched upwards.
The dimachaerus gave a small smile. "As you wish, my Lord."
"I apologise, my Lord," John said awkwardly as Holmes bent again and turned away from him. "But – one what? What are you looking for?"
His heart fluttered and leapt as the stocky arenarii grinned at him. Then John fell to twisting his fingers nervously. "I am afraid I… I am unsure how to proceed, my Lord. I assume you still wish to…"
Sherlock touched the spot where he had been hit gingerly and looked daggers at his assailant. "Mention this to no-one and you may be spared the Circus," he threatened softly.
John grinned back. "I am fine. It... is not what I was expecting, but it is not painful."
She smiled weakly. "Yes, dear, I am fine – one of your children came to see me this morning. A little girl –
He nodded quickly, moving to stand immediately. "Of course. Take me to her." He turned to the other slave still crouched behind Mycroft and made a jerking motion to stand. "I require Watson," he told the boy, his eyes leaving him as soon as he had seen the eager nod and scanning the sparring gladiators instead. "And Angelo. Inform Lestrade that it is to do with the matter we investigated two nights ago. I will wait for them outside the arena, but they must be quick."
John looked down at the unconscious barbarian. "I have no idea," he replied. "Thanks."
And last night – last night!
He didn't have the same reaction to the games as the public did, but that didn't matter; he enjoyed them, and the people enjoyed them, and that seemed to be enough.
as well, which I will admit to finding a touch embarrassing.
Watson grinned at him, that startling, open grin again that made Sherlock's heart thump wildly in his chest. He made a show of looking at the ceiling of the bedchamber as though thinking about it. "Yes," he repeated firmly.
She knelt for a moment longer, but she lifted her head to look at him and he tried to smile reassuringly. She looked at John, who nodded encouragingly, and then slowly stood up and regained her seat. "Why are you helping us, my Lord?"
"On the wall beside Sholto's body whoever murdered him painted the number four," Sherlock took over, resting his fingertips together before his lips as his elbows held him up on the table. "As in
with hands still wrapped in leather to protect them from the swords, or would he drop to his knees in the sand? Sherlock could wait in his chamber for him – Mycroft and Lestrade would look at him strangely, but he could – he could even prepare himself ahead of time, as John had prepared him the previous night, and then when he came in sweaty and panting from the fight with adrenaline still racing through his veins he could simply push Sherlock against the nearest piece of furniture and take him, and Sherlock could taste the sweat shining on his neck and clutch onto him desperately as John grunted and drove into him, the smell of leather and
"Yes," John agreed. "I remember he and your husband were very close, but I also remember two other men with them."
to stay?"
His face twitched into a smile as the stationary gladiator sprang forwards suddenly and slashed a line along the Croatian warrior's stomach, propelling the man back slightly before he collapsed to the sand. The lanista shook his head sadly. "It is the pressure," he commented lowly. Sherlock raised an eyebrow. "You must be able to handle the pressure of thousands of people wanting you dead, and come out on the other side. It is not just about being able to hold a sword. It is the mental side that conquers them."
He turned around, rolling his shoulders as though resetting himself, his eyes darting over every inch of his opponent's body. Tonga was resting a great deal of his weight on his back leg. He was overconfident, it was written in the way he was holding his sword, loose in his hand, behind his body rather than defending it. He didn't think John was going to attack him. But he would be prepared if he did.
John thought back to how he had felt on their first night together; what they had done – what
John fight, he knew his lover was skilled. Perhaps the best he had ever seen. John could handle it, safely and sensibly.
Sherlock smiled back. "If we are to become intimate, I request that you call me 'Sherlock'," he said softly. The other man's eyes widened hesitantly. "And if you are comfortable, I would call you 'John'."
When they arrived back at the court, Lestrade and Angelo were already there, standing in the sand of the court arena. Sherlock cleared his throat to announce their arrival; the two turned and Angelo's face cleared in sudden understanding. Sherlock schooled his face into blankness. He would have to talk to the gladiator alone to impress on him the importance of how he wanted the relationship to appear to the public.
And yet, there was something almost
Lestrade jerked his head back towards the body. "The Emperor… when he finds something to occupy his mind, he pursues it to the exclusion of all else."
Sherlock chuckled as he remembered his many years of practice. "I used to throw rocks at Mycroft's wine-jug," he admitted. "He invariably reacted in a comical manner. It never grew old, watching him jump with fright when the wine splashed on his toga."
Claudia Morstan looked from John to Sherlock. "Yes, my Lord," she said hesitantly. "He was a friend of my late husband's in the military, we had him in the house a few times before he passed away. You knew him too, John, did you not?"
Sherlock pushed away from John's hands, twisting on the bed so that he could look him in the eyes. "You," he said seriously.
The sky was almost beginning to lighten with the dawn outside; Sherlock felt a momentary stab in his stomach at the thought that he would not be able to spend more of the night with John.
The older warrior pushed him, screwing his face up in disgust. John laughed, gathering his swords to leave the arena. Lestrade called him back. "In all seriousness, though, Watson," he said, "had your time with him impacted the way you behaved in the arena I would have strongly suggested he give you up."
This time, the Black criminal turned his head towards them and smiled, a gruesome expression showing broken, rotten teeth. "Your hard fish worked to unbalance a crippled old man," he growled in rough Greek. "It will not stop me."
The Emperor grimaced and turned his face away from John. "It is nothing – it looks worse than –"
The seller looked him up and down without interest, clearly not recognising him. Sherlock allowed himself a slight smile. "Four denarii," he grunted finally.
, who had stopped screaming at Lestrade in favour of watching them, a hand over his mouth, his grey-green eyes wide with fear.
." Sherlock smiled resignedly. When they had first met, John had seemed so dependent on his love for Mary. It had been the driving force behind everything that he did: it was why he had joined the gladiators, why he respected Sherlock, why he had agreed to come into his bed and stay there indefinitely. Surely there must have been some revelation, something Sherlock had done to make him stray so far from that path as to fall in love with someone else.
He lifted an eyebrow anyway. "That rope would chafe and cut your skin if you pulled at them. This fabric will be kinder."
The kiss was languid, commanding but slow; Sherlock could feel John's hands clenching into fists in the front of his toga. "Another time," he promised between kisses. "We will come back, another time."
–" he waved a hand at the sign on the wall – "was not present at Mary's murder."
counterarguments, after all. It was just that none of them held up to the fact that he had offered
is enormously rare." John offered him his first tentatively flattered smile. "But it was not that which had me captivated, John, it was the fact that I could not see those signs in you."
Once they had picked up the scent again from outside the house it was, as Sherlock had predicted, a fairly straight road through the city until the hound finally stopped and sat down on its hind legs, perplexed, two streets away from the alley where Sholto's body was found. Lestrade sighed in frustration. Sherlock looked at him sharply.
John closed his eyes lazily and tilted his head into Sherlock's hands. "It already is," he said gently. "Some of my most cherished memories took place in this room." He moved his head down and took a big, luxurious sniff of the sheets. "It smells like you. This room is so obviously
The answer came with barely a conscious thought. "Anything."
John laughed. "I expected him to make such an attempt from his first taunt about Mary. He was attempting to make me so angry that I could not react properly when he attacked me." His smile faded slightly – thinking about the things the man had said, no doubt – and then returned in full force. "What about
So John Watson crossed the room to sit on the bed, hands reaching for the ties on his toga. Sherlock felt his heart sink. He'd tried his utmost to ensure that the gladiator understood what he wanted, that he wasn't just looking for someone to relieve his every sexual impulse. "Oh," he said softly. "I apologise – perhaps I failed to make it clear what I want. I would like something more intimate than the simple act of taking you. I had hoped you might… concede to… be
Sherlock peered through the window again; John still couldn't see his face, but he could
They had smelled it before they saw it. The acrid, coppery smell of blood that crept under your nostrils and skin and into your lungs; they had followed it, John's heart raising a storm in his throat. And then they had seen it.
John's shoulders were tense under his hands, and his face was bordering on furious. Sherlock understood how John felt; he would not be comfortable with acting as an executioner either. Being put in an arena with an unarmed man and told to kill him would be difficult. But the point of the Circus Maximus, especially at Saturnalia, was to be a bloodbath, not a fair fight. He knew that killing his wife's killer in cold blood would not satisfy John's desire for revenge, but arming a criminal and putting John in the ring with him alone would be a scandalous move. Sherlock knew that he could not afford any further talk about his relationship with John before he knew how best to present it to the public. And he didn't
, my Lord?" John asked again.
The younger man whimpered again and squeezed his eyes shut, letting his head fall back against the headboard.
Sherlock straightened after a few more breaths, waving him away with a flap of his hand. John did not move his own from between Sherlock's shoulder-blades. "Not at all, Watson," he said airily. John smiled weakly at the formal address. "The faster we were able to get here – can you see Small?"
"I no longer require assistance," he said, touching the lanista on the arm. "You need rest, Lestrade."
name was that?" he asked, sounding angry.
John was nodding. "I cannot believe I had forgotten," he said softly. "He died a few months after I was sent back."
When the morning came he tried to watch the gladiators train, but found this, too, to be a mistake. John had stepped out into the arena, chest bare and glistening with oil, and he had had to leave before he embarrassed himself.
is when we fell in love with you. Mycroft was… diplomatic, and I am certain he would have been a good Emperor. But you… you are passionate, and energetic, and you
Sherlock allowed himself to believe.
was the part that had made John smile. "Well, I suppose if you are not interested yourself I could use your opinion on who else –
John popped his head out of the door. "Everything all right, Greg? Did Angelo find you?"
, fluttering uselessly against the wind, and the barbarian scampered back towards them to unhook the mooring line and push the boat off the shore, to be caught by the currents of the river.
who decided."
Claudia looked at Sherlock. "May I know
Sherlock jumped at the sound of John's voice, slipping his legs off the windowsill and arranging his toga more presentably over his legs. "Watson," he greeted, noticing a small smile as it came across the dimachaerus and realising he'd said much the same thing the night before. "Forgive me, I… my mind was elsewhere."
Sherlock smiled at each gladiator as he ventured into the arena, comfortable with the fact that he knew each man's name and where he had come from. Two of them had volunteered to the arena as younger men, full of the arrogance of youth; the rest, besides John, were slaves captured in battle from foreign places. He had offered each their freedom or a place among his gladiators when he had decided that he wanted them in his court, but Sherlock knew just as well as any of them the addictive nature of winning bouts, and no-one had ever chosen a freedman's life.
John snarled and sprang forwards again, but Tonga was expecting it; he spun to avoid the strike and plunged his bare foot into the healing wound on John's thigh.
were tied. And had he expected that I would not fight fairly, he would have attacked me the moment I freed them."
Sherlock bent his head and nuzzled at it, feeling it swell slightly against the cool of his cheek. "It is
"Thank you," John whispered against his lips before immediately plunging back into the kiss. Sherlock held on for dear life, but then his lover's lips and teeth diverted to his neck, and bile rose in his throat and he had to push John quickly away.
would have to revisit the house of Bartholomew Sholto, he had meant him and John together, just the two of them. He didn't need Lestrade or his dog-trainer to accompany them and he certainly didn't
They lay lazily in the gigantic bed for most of the morning, before Sherlock directed them to the court's arena. "I believe Lestrade would be the best person to start enquiries about Sholto," the Emperor voiced – though John was only half-listening due to Sherlock's occupation at the time. It was difficult to concentrate on anything but the sight of the tall man winding and tying the customary fabric of a loincloth over his groin.
The young man stuttered. "Uh… your Excellency, there is a woman to see you. She says her business is urgent."
The older man rolled his shoulders into an easy shrug. "I was impressed by your performance too. None of us were expecting anything like it. Your disabling of the tendons in that last man's wrist was masterful."
Angelo grinned again. "No problem," he replied, clapping the dimachaerus on the back. "I am glad that we could stop them for you. I will see you this afternoon."
"Perhaps," Lestrade acknowledged, smiling at him. "But I... this may be... should he request that you share his bed, or anything similar that you are not entirely comfortable with, I strongly urge you to turn him down unless you are absolutely sure, however good your intentions may be." The lanista smiled sadly at John's utterly bewildered look. "You might hurt him."
He shot John a quick smile. The gladiator's response to his sudden declaration that morning was still at the front of his mind: he had not expected him to return the sentiment, of course, but he could not deny that John's disbelief and subsequent change of subject had not hurt. But John had said, not half an hour before Sherlock had let the
John looked up at him again. He did not smile, but the little frown between his eyes had softened. "How can you be so tolerant?" he asked softly. "If it were me – if
And then there was no hope. His body reacted to the words before he'd quite registered what they were and he was doubled over, shouting John's name, while his brain still caught up to the fact that John had called out
The elder Holmes lifted an eyebrow at his brother. "An exercise in strategy wherein innocent men are killed," he replied idly.
The older lanista watched as Small finally gave a great splutter, water spouting from his clammy mouth and running pathetically onto the docks beneath him. John helped the man roll over and weakly spew the rest of the water onto the boards.
for the cut to the back that would surely be his undoing, but he didn't seem to have a choice. The most he could do was straighten his back and whimper as he straightened his leg.
Sherlock smiled kindly at her. "Water would be lovely, thank you," he said. His every instinct was screaming at him to remove himself from this too-domestic situation, but John's body language clearly stated that he wanted to stay, so Sherlock obliged him.
There was something new about the kiss, he thought, a joy that had not been there previously. A weight that had been lifted from his shoulders now that he
Sherlock took his hand without speaking, his heart hammering in his throat as he watched the twins scampering into a gap between two buildings. "People ignored me as a child," he remarked quietly. "Mycroft was the heir to the throne, so he was the one that people paid attention to. Then there was the odd person – Lestrade, for example – who were kind to me. I
agreement again, bending his great head to the ground and beginning to methodically waggle it from side to side, searching for another source of the scent. Eventually – causing a hurried step back from John – he placed his front paws on the window-ledge and barked once into the night.
"And yourself, John." He waved at the basin full of cool water by the window, indicating the cloths beside it. John dipped his head obediently.
John smiled, thinking of Dimmock's reaction. "He spent the entire time in the cages throwing insults at me. It was difficult to resist cutting off the hand entirely."
was the question. If he were given the opportunity to have the Emperor's assistance in finding the people responsible for Mary's death, and he turned it down, even though the price was merely a slight to his pride and comfort.
happen, not as something that I should attempt to prevent, it struck me that it would not seem so strange to them. I am a gladiator, technically I already belong to you. They already
John nodded. "Thank you, my Lord," he repeated, smiling weakly. "You have done so much today."
The house was lit much like it had been all those nights ago when they had traced the spots of blood – blood, Sherlock supposed upon reflection, that may easily have been Sholto's and
Finally, their feet carried them out of the open area of the dock and into the empty street. Sherlock sighed at the relative quiet; he needed time away from the noise of other people to think about how he would approach the subject of the indefinite future with John.
"Horatia does, your Excellency. She done something to her leg. Lots of blood at first, now i'ss just all red and big," one of the girls piped up. Sherlock frowned.
was the stupid one.
Sherlock struggled to control his breathing. Other people had done this to him, but always with a hint of condescension in their eyes, like they thought him childish; he might have been tempted to punish them for it if he hadn't been aware that this was most of their way of justifying such things to themselves. No-one had ever offered it to him like John was, looking at him with a question in his eyes like he
about John.
" Sherlock protested, grabbing John by the shoulders. "I have already thought that I would lose you once today. I
done."
John offered him a bright smile. "That is the idea," he replied cheerfully. "I intend to keep the room, and leave the bulk of my equipment to make it easier to train, but the majority of my clothing is coming with me when I leave this afternoon."
to, and wasn't sure if it was what
"Well then indeed," he replied instead, spitting the words out violently as though he could not bear to stomach them. Sherlock took a deep breath and walked away.
Somehow that made the feelings even sharper.
He felt terrifically guilty and ashamed at his own reaction, and this made it difficult somehow to go to Sherlock and apologise, not that he would get anywhere near the Emperor without prior permission anyway.
about the prospect?
"I am certain that if it helps to find the people that killed Mary, she will help us," John assured him, hoping that it was the truth.
John to take the position of lanista, but his last sentence hadn't quite managed it and
"I love you," he said in a rush.
Blinking quickly, it took John a moment to stammer out, "I... well, I prefer John, sir, but..."
After a moment Sherlock leaned forwards across the table to explain the situation to the older woman. "The body of a man named Bartholomew Sholto was found yesterday. Did you know him?"
I thought it had something of a ring to it.
a risk, John. I cannot allow a gladiator from my own court to run the risk of facing a criminal sentenced to death and
The dimachaerus was looking at him with his mouth open; it took a moment for Sherlock to realise that the expression was not awe, but incredulous shock of a more negative kind. "
Sherlock looked down at him in surprise. Wiggins often displayed rather acute logical thinking that Sherlock would not have expected from someone of his background; occasionally, he considered whether a position in the court might suit him, but he was almost certain the boy would decline it in favour of looking after the rest of the children. "Very good," he replied.
as though he were about to have John punished for disobeying him. "I am sorry," John said anyway, when the tension of the silence grew too heavy to maintain.
With this in mind, he raised his hand to knock on the heavy door; at the answering
that they started to come. The first was a grubby boy of around ten strolling nonchalantly around the corner that they themselves had started down, his thumbs hooked in the grubby folds of the filthy, ratty loincloth wrapped tightly around his waist. Following him was a boy and a girl, the blond of their hair mainly disguised by the dirt clinging to their completely naked bodies.
tightly, and Sherlock wanted nothing more than to stay in this attitude forever. "I love you," John repeated again. Sherlock could feel the words against the skin of his chest, brushing over his heart. "Sherlock, I love you so much."
, will you? Look at the
Sherlock's fists clenched, itching to bury themselves in the other man's gut. If John could not make the safe decision then perhaps Sherlock could make it for him – the guards were only a shout away, he could kill Tonga himself if he wanted to.
Sherlock breathed a moment, then lunged upwards into a kiss, which John returned eagerly. Gently, he pressed forwards and lowered them both to the bed.
Confused, John blinked. "One of them was condemned to death anyway - I had no better shot," he protested. Dimmock held up a hand.
Sherlock frowned. "
The crowds of the Circus Maximus had always reminded John of wild animals. As soon as they saw blood they were absolutely uncontrollable. He had never allowed Mary to go, always fearing that someone would fall upon her, mad with bloodlust. Distantly, he climbed off her killer and wiped his sword on the dead man's loincloth.
– on a level with John as
He tried to go about things in much the way he normally did, but Mycroft glared at him enough that he took his jitters back to his chambers. That was where he was found after sundown, gazing out of the window down across the city, watching people light fires in their houses and draw water from the squares before settling down for the night. Someone had been through the room and lit a fire there as well, along with enough candles to ensure the room was well-lit. When the cursory knock on the door came, he grunted a reply without looking up.
is at it. We do not know where he is from, what he had done before he met Small – he could have been trained similarly, he could have been trained
you are beautiful like this, do not hold back on me. There will be time for that later. Just let go, I have you.
sort of burn, after all. The kind of pain that one cannot prevent themselves from fidgeting with, poking at, reassuring themselves that it is still there. Sherlock's abdomen ached in the same pleasant manner, though he could not be certain that it was the pain that was pleasant or the lingering tingles from John's farewell earlier that morning.
When he looked up, he saw that Sherlock Holmes was staring at him in amazement. "The spirits of what?" he asked breathlessly.
Sherlock frowned. "I surmised where you had gone when I woke, of course," he said, shaking out his arms. "I think I would prefer you wake me in future."
the sudden surge of attraction he had felt.
Claudia Morstan's door swung open. Sherlock restrained the urge to tug his cowl further over his face as her broad, friendly-looking one fell into a concerned frown. "Can I help you?" she asked, sounding worried.
"Thank you," he croaked weakly. Then he collapsed back onto his back and caught sight of John's grim, determined expression. "
Otherwise, thank you to everyone who reviewed, favourited, alerted or even just read this story. It has become the work that I am most proud of, and changed the relationship between myself and
And then, after all, John had
He let the corners of his mouth smile. Of
" Sherlock called again, and there was a thunder in his voice that made even John jump, as though the authority of Jupiter himself were in him. Small crouched slightly, like a hare startling at a loud noise. His eyes darted from them to the growing distance between the boat and the dock. For a moment he looked defeated, and John allowed himself to relax slightly in anticipation of a surrender. "You will berth your vessel and surrender yourself," Sherlock told him, as though without even the slightest doubt that he would not be obeyed. The pause stretched out until Sherlock opened his mouth again, drawing in breath for a proper threat.
John smiled weakly in response to the gap-toothed, trusting beams the children offered him. "I am sure," he replied quietly.
"Why are there no marbles of you around the court?" the gladiator asked curiously. "I have always wondered. Each new Emperor has had one sculpted as soon as they are given rule, and yet you never have."
He just hoped that John wouldn't do anything stupid.
Couldn't he?
John drew a sharp breath in as more children started to appear, squeezing themselves from the very fabric of the streets, all in varying stages of extreme poverty. "Where are their parents? Should they not be asleep?"
A smile spread itself across Sherlock's face even as he shrugged away the compliment. "It is likely that even following the traces of blood from where the barbarian must have injured his foot we will only find ourselves at the alley where Sholto's body was found before Cerberus confuses the scent," he lamented. "But it is our best avenue of investigation, so… Quintus?"
The phrase
"Yes," he replied easily. "Emotions are not so clearly defined by
"And do what?" he asked, unable to keep the surprise from his voice or his face.
Sherlock's fingers twitched, but his hands did not move from their position against the bar. "I suppose in a way, I will be touching you," he commented, his mouth twisting into a smile which John returned.
"You told me when we began this that you wanted a lover," he started, still unsure if he was saying the right things, in the right order. "I… have been a lover. Perhaps I have a different understanding of the term from yourself."
But Sherlock was already moving on, stepping up the stone ledge to rap his white knuckles on the wooden door, five quick knocks in rapid succession before stepping down again and sending a rakish grin in John's direction that for some reason made his knees weaken, a sudden flash of pure and innocent joy.
John had stopped giggling when they broke apart in favour of panting, and Sherlock thought that maybe he should have let the both of them catch their breath before he took over the use of his mouth. Actually, he thought, watching the older man lean against the wall and heave in deep breaths, perhaps he should not have forced John into the kiss at all.
John looked as though further protests had occurred to him, but Sherlock had already untied the fabric of his loincloth into a puddle at his feet, so he only groaned at the feeling of Sherlock's hands on him, biting down hurriedly on his knuckles to stifle the sound. He huffed out a quick breath around them that almost sounded like a laugh, and then removed them again to continue speaking. "Immortal gods, Sherlock, I cannot imagine what I did to deserve everything you have given me. You are perfect,
's murder we were investigating, there were aspects of it that were enjoyable. Of course I will accompany you, if you wish it. A less personal case I believe I could thoroughly get behind.
out here and
"I can." He watched, smirking, as Mycroft rolled his eyes and sighed, preparing himself for the customary
Sherlock tried to swallow around the sudden lump in his throat. "Not like that," he replied. People had told him he was beautiful, attractive, striking – praised him physically before, but underneath it there was always an undercurrent of deference reminding him that they only said it because of the power he held, whether they liked the way he wielded it or not. No-one had ever said it like John just had, plainly,
Holmes looked at him, making no move to drop his hand, and began to chuckle, his high cheekbones pink from exertion, and John chuckled too, until they were both helpless against it, leaning against the wall of the building behind them. "A torch next time," the Emperor panted between chuckles. "Then we will not be caught crawling like dogs, squinting at the road." He straightened, the laughter fading, and rapped John sharply on the arm. "You had better get back," he said. "Or Lestrade will have my head."
"Sherlock, it is the middle of the night." The man lifted his hands slightly to reinforce the gesture. "We cannot just knock on the door and wake them."
. I did not believe that anyone could make him less recalcitrant and obnoxious, but if anyone can…"
The older man smiled at him, his blue eyes full of something warm and soft. "I love you," he said, taking Sherlock's hand away from his face and holding it in his own.
with a man who wielded two swords and killed people for a living licking, sucking and
Holmes looked at him blankly. "More about what?"
John gaped, evidently thinking back and trying to recall seeing the box in the living room. "I… am not sure," he said finally. "Perhaps she gave it to Arrian? She must have known she would not use it, and now with Mary…"
to defend yourself should the need arise. But it is one thing being able to fend off a lust-driven would-be lover, and another entirely an attacker on the streets. Are you armed sufficiently?"
He didn't say it, but John must have seen something in his eyes, because he smiled and patted Sherlock's upper arm comfortingly. "She will like you," he assured him. "Everyone likes you."
Frustrated, John broke away from kiss and embrace entirely and propped himself up on one elbow, looking down at his Emperor. "Sherlock," he said, frowning as he wondered quite how to phrase the problem.
His younger lover's body slowly relaxed underneath his own, grey-green eyes unflinchingly fixed on his own. "I
Perhaps he'd imagined it. But he could have sworn they'd just… clicked.
"I would not think so," Sherlock replied.
Lestrade watched him another moment, then sighed and slapped the Emperor lightly on the arm. "Well, the best of luck to you both," he said briskly. "Though I feel it only fair to warn you that I will be advising him to turn you down."
His thrusts grew erratic, his muscles tensing as his orgasm burst from him. He shouted Sherlock's name, shuddering and gasping with the force of it until he collapsed against his lover, kissing every bit of skin he could reach and moaning softly.
. He feels Moran laugh, his grip loosening, yes, just a bit more you great bastard.
you" The enormous detective begged
He had made rather a lot.
He cries.
The detective’s eyes widen and he brings the white bit of icing towards his face. He gives it a sniff - Yes, it’s actually sugar. Sherlock sticks out his tongue to take a taste, but the gingerbread door behind him, one that he firmly knows wasn’t there a moment ago, swings open.  He spies another, a closed door that has appeared in the corner , and pushes that one open.
Sherlock Holmes, consulting detective, and his flatmate, John Watson, have been kidnapped by Moriarty. They were taken to a large, most likely secluded, building somewhere outside of London. No one, as far as they know, is aware of their abduction as of late, though soon either Sherlock’s brother or Gibby Lestrade will start searching.
Sherlock gave a soft smile, accepting his John's warmth, laughing as the hat covered his curls.
"Go on then. Ask. I'm incredibly... hungry," he purred.
“Or I can just move out” you said stubbornly. Even your pride doesn’t want to admit it that you have fallen in love with the great Sherlock Holmes.
“One” you took a deep breath
“Take this Sherlock, just in case I go into shock” handing Sherlock a case that Frank gave you earlier.
“No, it has nothing to do with Janine. Now, let me go. I’m going to see Mary,” you said looking straight at his blue- greenish eyes. Sherlock sense your discomfort and stress and decided to respect your decision.
“Where should I begin?” Sherlock smirked.
“[Name]? what—what are you—“ you cut off Sherlock but you didn’t take your eyes off Mary.
“He is just a friend Mary. Like my older brother” you gave her a quick hug before leaving the apartment.
“John told me what happened” Mary gave you a hug right when she opened the door, “would you like anything to drink?”
Everything happened so fast that next thing you know that you knew is that you was pain and shock. Right on your abdomen was this pain that was slowly spreading through your chest. You heard got shots in the room. The thing, you heard was Sherlock’s voice.
You woke up in the middle of night with Frank calling your name. You finally had fallen asleep but to be only woken up by your partner.
-[Name]
“Get some rest, I’ll join you shortly,” Shortly? You mean your sharing Sherlock’s bed, “Well don’t look surprised. The couch is not comfortable for a nights rest” with that he left you with your thoughts.
You looked at Sherlock, John and Mary as you wait for them to explain the situation that just happened two days ago.
“Promise?” Mary called after you before you shut the door
“What? How is Janine in this?” he grabbed your arm making you face him, you tried shaking him off but he wouldn’t budge, “well? Is it?”
“Exactly, he will come around” smiling back. Mary set her cup down to the table beside her and leaning her head on your shoulder. Your heart goes out to Mary, all she wanted was to have that normal life and since they have a baby on the way and an upset husband. She needed a friend more than ever. You gave her a comforting pat on her knee, letting her know that you’d be there for her.
This evening came a lot sooner that you have expected; you have reached the main door to Magnussen’s office/ home. You were given an access card that wouldn’t set the alarm, just in case that Janine, yes, Sherlock’s girlfriend- is the assistant for Magnussen, himself. When your boss mentioned to neutralize the people in the office and you found that Janine was the assistant. Frank had a feeling that you were going to do more than neutralize Janine.
You’ve never been so happy to see 221B Baker Street again, it feels like it’s been to long that you’ve been home and all you want to do is just spend your days in your bed and sleep. Frank was about to carry you again, when you told him that you need move your muscles since they have been aching since you woke up.
[Name] stormed out of the 221C slamming her door shut on the way out.
“Even the British Government has gone rouge” John commented again not taking this news rather well. You gazed at Sherlock who was quiet the whole time, you were unsure if telling them the truth would completely change their mind about you. But you were prepared; you knew this time would come.
“I think we’ve been around me way too much”
“I need all the caffeine, to stay awake,” you said to him making him chuckle.
“I did it to protect you!”
“She’s in good hands” Sherlock give him a small smile before giving you a kiss on the forehead.
“Because? You just decided this?”
“At least text Sherlock that you will be home or will be home late” you rolled your eyes; they are not going to drop this subject are they? Just like family, Mary and John are the parents of this circle.
“Upstairs, three people” Frank said through your earpiece. Three? You thought, who could be the third person. Was there someone else that wanted Magnussen killed?
“Yeah—she just got knocked out and—“ you walked pass John and making your way to where Sherlock could be.
“Exactly! But they still need someone or will find someone” you groaned. Mary is not wrong; everyone will eventually find that someone but you never thought it would be so sudden. Then again, things like this, is usually unexpected. If anything, you would still blame Mycroft for this.
“Put it down Mary. It doesn’t have to end this way”
“Yeah, do you want me to get you anything?” Frank is like the older brother you never had. You have been partners for about 5 years now and you treat him as family. Well, besides Mary, John, Sherlock and Mrs. Hudson; Frank has been through for you as well.
Sherlock was out again for a case with John, which he finally came around about the whole idea that his life would just never be normal but then again, they are family. You arrived home early than Sherlock from your meeting with Mycroft and Frank. You were about to order some takeout food, when Sherlock entered the flat.
“Will you be home?” he asked before letting you go. Your eyes soften at his question. You hate when he acts like this, one moment you think he cares about you more than a friend but then you would remember that he is with someone else.
A steady beating noise of the heart monitor rang through your ears and your vision is a bit blurry, ‘did it work?’ you thought as you try to focus your vision at the blurry figure in front of you.
“Don’t so stubborn woman, I want you to move with me. I—I was having a hard time falling asleep without you” good thing it was dark or else he would have seen you blush.
“And why is that?” Mary asked as she walked to the kitchen.
“I promise”
“None of your business!” you yelled as you huffed your way down
“Did John tell you that?” Mary shook her head.
“It’s part of the job,” giving a small dismissive wave, “Frank did all the work. I would love to stay and chat some more; I should probably get some rest. Don’t worry about it Mary, I’m not mad” you slowly got up from your seat but Sherlock was already at your side.
“Play nice [Name]” Frank said before he went to his place at the rooftop to make sure that you are covered for every corner.
“Why didn’t you tell me! You know I have to listen to her call you Sherl for like what? 2 weeks!” you scolded him, if he cares about you, he would at least let you know he took a case about Magnussen.
“Welcome home, I was about to buy some dinner and—“ Sherlock held up a bag of take out food.
“Well, I mean—“ you try to wrap your head around this, “I thought—you know your with Janine and—“
“You definitely broke her,” you giggled again taking the used cups to the kitchen.
“Why indeed, it is my business, you haven’t been home last night and—“ Sherlock followed you downstairs, trying to catch up with you.
When you opened the door, you jump in fright when Sherlock’s tall figure stood by the entrance, “Sherlock, you frighten me,” you said, putting a hand at your chest, “what are you here?”
“I- I don’t know Sherlock. Maybe,” you slowly back away giving him a small smile, walking away from the worried Sherlock Holmes.
“I feel like I’ve been hit by the bus,” you said looking at him. You notice how tired he looked, dark circle under his beautiful eyes with his messy curls. You always loved his messy curls.
“Not that I know of but—how’s your case?” you asks, Sherlock gave you a smile in return.
“Hey kiddo, the boss needs us right now, just go to over some briefing for tonight” you heard his raspy voice at the other side of the phone.
The next morning, Sherlock did not waste anytime; he was moving some of your things to flat. Lamps that he thought would be useful at your shared flat. Books that he made space at Sherlock’s bookshelf. You thought, how sweet of him to make some room for your favorite books.
“Hell it’s none of your business, I’m old enough to take of myself Sherlock, you should just worry about your girlfriend!” you said sternly as you walk out of the flat.
“Well, you did but that consequences" you shook your head trying to keep your tears from falling. It started to get colder and darker, you start to feel more pain.
“Why are you guys looking at me for?” then it was your cue that they were waiting why you were at Magnussen’s office, “I—I was the one that got shot, why do I have to go first?” John glared at you then back to Mary, noticing that he doesn’t have patient with you or their current situation. You shifted into a comfortable position at the couch, trying to ignore the aches and pains that shot through your body.
Frank chuckled as he unplugged the needles in your arms, “what are you doing?”
“I’m home” this is also something new that you found that Sherlock does when he gets home.
“Who drinks tea at 3 in the morning? Now hush, we need some rest and we have a busy day tomorrow” he does have a good point, you don’t usually get drink tea so early in the morning. As much as you think you’re in denial, Sherlock cares about you, just as much as you care for him.
“You wouldn’t recommend doing that” Sherlock took the remote from the side of your bed and pushing a bottom that moves the bed from the upright position
Giving him a smile, “Thanks Sherlock, the stairs might be a challenge but it shouldn’t take too long”
“Already?” you weren’t in mood for anything but it’s better to get over it now.
You heard voices at 221B and it sounded like a heated argument. You were about to take another step to get your 221C, when Frank told you that Sherlock want to keep an eye on you.
“I was going to ask you the same thing, what you doing up?” he asked,
“I’m not babysitting your brother Mycroft. I’m a Hitman, not a sitter” Mycroft shrugged
“Then who?”
“I’m sorry about that” Mary chimed in, giving you an apologetic look.
“People were after us, Hitman after hitman—we manage to kill them before they got to us until your brother stepped in”
“Are you doing alright Mary?” you asked your friend, handing her a cup of tea. You had more freedom to move now; since you convince that you’re just sore most of the time but he thought it’s still a good idea to continue to stay with him.
You’re phone rang and quickly glancing at the screen, you decided to pick it up, “Sorry I have to take this” you got out of your seat and walking to the kitchen area.
“I’m so sorry [Name]. I don’t need your help” she positioned her gun to Sherlock but this time, aiming towards his chest, “I wasn’t thinking it was going to come down to this”
You’re stomach drop and you felt a twist in it. Your very best friend is pointing a gun at Sherlock with died look in her eyes. You were glued to your spot until you heard Frank call your name.
“Hey Frank”
“Instinct, I guess. I couldn’t let John go through knowing that his best mate is shoot or dead” Just like you, Mary has the characteristics and skills of a hitman, why didn’t you notice it sooner. Helping Sherlock and John with the cases, solving puzzles when Sherlock is stuck on something, it’s skills that a hitman could only know.
“On the count of three, together” he said with determination. You gave him a weak nod but you trusted. They need you and you need them, this can’t be the end for you. Not giving without a fight.
“You have to stay awake [Name]. Stay awake” you couldn’t, you were just glad that he was okay.
“Frank trusted me to take care of you. So you better stop complaining and let me handle everything” taken by surprise by his actions, you decided not argue with Sherlock. You just hope that he doesn’t hear how much your heart is beating against your chest.
“Wasn’t me, I’m just following orders” you rolled your eyes. Sometimes, your boss is so heartless, he would always do this; he would make you or Frank still go on missions even though you’re injured.
“You broke her Sherlock” you giggled, it’s not normal that Sherlock to show this side of him, so it is something different but refreshing.
“Does Sherlock know?” touché, but that’s different.
“You shouldn’t move too much,” putting his arm around your waist giving you support.
“I do dislike him but I will put up with him for you” he said looking away. Frank was never the sharing your feelings put of person but he means well, “Plus, he wanted to take care of you so I couldn’t really say no” this makes your heart melt, you wanted Frank and Sherlock get along and if they are both trying then you couldn’t ask for more.
“You have to wake up [Name]” you heard John’s voice. You placed your hands to your chest, feeling cold but your heart is slowly fading.
“Does John know?” your heart goes out to John. Mary has a secret identity of her own just like you.
You sighed; of course it has something to do with Janine. It was just a month of ago that your best friend, Mary was married to John Watson and that’s where Sherlock meet her. You weren’t supposed to fall in love with the Sherlock Holmes but alas, it happened and you blamed Mycroft Holmes for it.
“It’s the same thing, you can just hit him if he misbehave” you rolled your eyes. You’ve just moved in London with your partner Frank. You would have stayed with him but you would like your own space regardless. Not that Mycroft need any hitman in his book but he would like to keep someone around, just in case of any threats or business deals.
“Your heart. It stopped beating”
“Mycroft you have to help me. What do I do?” you walked to towards the older Holmes.
“Yes, mother! I promise” Mary laughed and as promised, you texted Sherlock as soon as you stepped out of the apartment.
“You better take care of her Holmes or I will hurt you”
“I’ll explain later, is Janine okay?” even though, you were told to play nice you still felt bad that Janine was hurt.
“You shot her?” John asked in disbelief, “Can someone explain to me what the hell is going on”
“What? Why? I—I’m not—“ you turned to Mycroft who was still sitting in his seat.
“Sherlock” you whisper feeling your throat like sandpaper. You tried to swallow taking away the dryness.
“It’s a different story Mary. Whatever Magnussen has on you. Frank and I will handle it” you notice Sherlock distressed with the whole situation- you don’t blame him, you thought it would be a smooth elimination.
“I know—I heard you… I’m alright” you tried to sit up from your position but groaned in process. Everything just aches and hurts; it felt like you’ve been run over by the bus.
“You better have a good reason for waking me up Frank”
“Did Mycroft order you and Frank to go after Magnussen?” you gave them a feeble nod.
“You have to wake up [Name]. You can’t get comfy. Wake up”
“Well, not really. You’re just sore from the shot, right at the abdomen really. There was no exit wounds so you were bleeding fast” right, you remembered everything now, Mary shot Sherlock, well was going too when you jump right in front of him before it hit him. You were trained to be fast and quick—you were quick enough to save him.
“John hasn’t talk to me. I’m starting to think that we—we won’t make it” Mary said sadly staring at her cup of tea.
‘I’ll be home late, don’t wait up’
“Sherlock, I don’t want to be a bother. Plus, I live right upstairs and—“
“You didn’t have to take that bullet for me,” Sherlock said breaking out of your thoughts, “that was meant for me not you”
“Or you can just let him know how you feel” Mary suggested as she hands you your cup of coffee.
“What’s happening?” you asked Sherlock with hit of panic.
“We were looking for the person that killed Frank’s family until we—we were hired by different people, gangs, organizations to take Intel and eliminate people,” the job became too dangerous for you and Frank, you basically have to change your name at one point.
He gazed at John, love in his eyes, "I-that day...with the toast. That was the best day of my life, and I...I love you, John. I loved you thin and I love you now. I-I hope that doesn't...ruin the heat of the moment,” he murmured, moving a finger to toy with his navel, causing his gut to ripple and quake.
Sherlock’s  stomach is aching, and he moves to say that, but a fear rises up in the detective and he closes his mouth. He gives his head another shake, just trying to get back in the normal, rational brain, but it’s... very hard.
"Yeah, boss?"
"Not a question I can answer with certainty," the bloated demon mumbled, now shoveling down seafood. His lips and fingers glistened with fat. He belched.
He reached for a tiny box wrapped in silver paper on the mantle and held it out for Sherlock. "Merry Christmas."
"Oh-hurp- yeah," agreed John, "I was going to shower first... but if they're still hot..."
Sherlock groaned, panting as John claimed him.
"Interested?"
It so happened that Mary had shared a few American customs with the two men. More than one of them involved massive amounts of food. Sherlock remembered being stuffed to the gills with exceedingly rich macaroni and cheese, protesting as Mary laughed and wheedled just a little more onto his plate. John had eaten far more than the lanky detective and had settled back blissfully, undoing his trouser button, round belly merrily expanding outward as he complimented Mary's dish. Food was important to John. And so perhaps food was the answer here as well. Sherlock laid awake for a moment, then rolled away from John and began searching on his phone, brain whirring away as the plan formed and grew. He could begin preparations as soon as John left for work the next morning.
