“What the hell is going on, how did you get that muzzle off? Why are you trying to escape? I am trying to save you from that sadistic bastard of an Alpha.
He relaxed and allowed his cock and body to enlarge until he covered Steve and was fucking him deep into the mattress, his increased strength not allowing the other alpha any movement.
“Oh no Judge Edwards, this was left on my pillow as an apology after the last argument Tony and I had over him getting some professional help.  Tony promised me before we got married that he would stop drinking and self medicating and that he would never try to kill himself again.  The last attempt was just before we met and was because of the chronic pain he was suffering due to his injuries received during his kidnapping in Afghanistan.  Unfortunately he never kept his promise in regard to the drinking and misuse of various medications.”
“Sweetheart, what has you so upset?  Are you in pain, did the physiotherapist hurt you?  Come on darling you need to speak, I can’t make it better if I don’t know what has happened.”
Chapter 14
Chapter 7
Happy pulled out and sprayed his last bit of piss over Pepper’s face.
Winter exited the elevator stepping to the side so that Captain America could enter.
There is nothing we can do about him working at this time, just ensure you discipline him when he gets home and don’t allow him to wear clothes at all when in the penthouse.
“Sweetheart look at all the wonderful things to do, I think my little boy should try the swings first, daddy is going to push you high, so you feel like you are flying.”
Unclipping the leash, he allowed Tony to rise and collected Anna from the crib, sitting down on the sofa with the special feeding cushion he soon had Anna latched on sucking contentedly. Steve carried Sarah over laying her on the cushion under Tony’s breast tugging his dripping teat through the slit in the material so she could latch on.  Tony cradled his pups letting them feed and tried to ignore the curious stares of the Avengers.
“You will kneel here and not move until I come back, if you move you will not get any food.
All eyes watched as Thor led the former prince Loki down the grand staircase by a jewelled chain attached to the thick nose ring adorning his face, sparkling under the lights of the chandeliers.
Pepper wept tears as she tried to force herself down on to the beer bottles, she could feel them nudging at her cervix sending sharp shooting pains up into her womb, it was an impossible task, her pussy loosened unnaturally, to stretch and take the girth of both bottles but the long neck bottles were too tall.
The warm water of the shower hits his back as Steve pulls him to his feet and roughly scrubs him down.  Shampoo is massaged in to his hair and just as quickly rinsed out.  Steve makes quick work of drying him before sitting him naked before the vanity mirror.
Now Darcy will be retiring from public life until the pups are due, the labour and birth will be streamed live so that all can see that she has a proper traditional natural omega labour and birth. This is one of a number of amendments coming into effect as of today.
“Hey Stevie, why haven’t you got rid of this useless little thing yet?  Make the little bitch all nice and smooth, seeing as you have already got rid of his little balls.  Could just leave the rubber bands on and wait for it to shrivel up and drop off just like a lamb’s tail.”
Tony lay still as Steve removed his soiled diaper and butt plug before gently wiping his genitals clean and slipping a clean diaper under his powdered butt.  Steve’s words played over and over in his mind, ‘daddy is so proud of you’, ‘daddy is so proud of you,’ ‘daddy is so proud of you.’  A tiny glow of warmth blossomed in his chest, Howard had never been proud of him, had never said those words, had never allowed him to call him Daddy.  But Steve wanted to be his daddy and was proud of him for using a diaper, it was so confusing he was an adult wasn’t he?
Steve threw his leg over Tony’s thrashing legs, reaching round he grabbed hold of his little one’s small ringed cock,
So, Loki let him think he was sneaking a few mouthfuls of forbidden milk each day, never letting on that Thor and then later Odin had ordered him to encourage the little omega.  Tony didn’t have enough that he was addicted to it, but Loki could see the softness and curves developing on his small frame. The way his small breasts began to jiggle when he laughed or ran after the pups, how there was a gentle sway to his hips, and he had a decided bubble butt as Bruce called it.
There was a definite advantage to Tony being so small and light, he hung from his cock throughout their morning shower and whilst he picked out Tony’s outfit for the day.
“That’s it, little omega, squeal and beg for my cock to slide in to your slutty hole, such a greedy bitch for any kind of cock, insatiable creature that you are.”
Peter sobbed as Pepper gently fucked him whilst pointing out all his selfish mistakes, he truly had been thoughtless and cruel to his aunt, being fully bonded   now to Pepper even for such a short time made him feel more settled and complete, the emptiness that had haunted him for the last two years had disappeared, he could breathe freely and the stress of faking his orientation had been lifted.
“Where do you live?”
In his weakened state he was not match for the evil witch, who soon had his wrist once more wrapped in the soft straps and fasted to the bedrail.  Upset and frustrated he kicked out with his good leg catching her a glancing blow, immediately feeling ashamed when she let out a soft grunt of pain. Before he had time to even think about apologising his ankle was restrained and the bed lowered until he was practically laid flat.
Now on to Stark our hidden omega, the life threatening severity of his injuries gave us no option but to adapt the extremis serum to fit his biology and when combined with the extended stay in the Cradle resulted in the significant physical alterations to his body and de-aging.
Now let’s just get this feeding gag on so that we can start to fatten you up, Bruce has prepared a special formula just for you, when Hulk wants to play with his milk cows he likes them to be soft and plump, not scrawny and flat chested. ”
“Pepper, you can say goodbye to Sex Doll for the rest of the evening, it’s time for you to pay your dues. Dad has invited his five oldest clients to dinner, clients that we’re looking forward to fucking teenage Pepper’s ass and cunt.  Do you know how much face dad lost when you ran off to college and didn’t come back, not even for the holidays.
There is no need to be concerned about the impact on the Avengers, Colonel Rhodes will replace my omega as Iron Man as of today, with Tony and Colonel Rhodes taking care of all maintenance and upgrades for the Suits. He will work his allotted omega hours for Stark Industries until our first babies are born and then he stepdown and go on extended omega maternity leave.
Once the legionaries had left with the unconscious alpha, he had Jarvis turn off the fucking machine and release Tony who collapsed on to the floor.
“Yes Alpha!” he screamed, his mind whiting out as his cock throbbed twice and shot its meagre load into his Alpha waiting mouth.
Thor laughed along with the blacksmith as he told him how Loki has cried and mourned her long hair and that she would never be allowed to grow it long again.
You will need to come to a decision on whether to fully castrate him in his male form, dock him or smooth him completely, this procedure will need to be carried out in both his male forms.  It will ensure that the last of his magic will wither and die along with any dominant traits he has previously displayed.  As an added bonus, either procedure increases the rate of clitoral growth afterwards.”
Do you think that he is a suitable mate for you considering his age and health issues, the possibilities of him bearing your children must be slim.
Tony cried out as the pressure built, fingers desperately grappling the sheets for purchase as his whole body was continuously pushed forward with each thrust, grinding his hips back he met each thrust eagerly.  Soon his insides were awash with slick as Steve continued to milk his prostrate with each pass of his cock.
Now strip and present, you will count off 30, and thank me after each one.  We will start from the beginning each time you forget to count or say thank you.”
It opened the floodgates for alphas to debase and discipline their omegas in public again.
“Bossy little omega, I will allow it this once, as you have been such a good boy today, but next time I expect you to be polite and respectful when asking me for anything.”
Steve smiles at the blush that covers his little omega’s cheeks, poor thing is shy about showing his new body shape to the world, soft flesh has replaced hard muscle, a small, rounded belly in place of a six pack. His pecs are now small full breasts with pert pink nipples peeping out of the white lace edging his blue corset.  His little cock and balls are cradled in a cage, outlined clearly by the tightness of his silk panties, legs clad in sheer stockings, delicate feet in 4inch high Blue Manolo Blahnik pumps.  He has dressed his little omega in his colours to show the world who he now belongs too.
Now I am going leave you with Doctor Adams, Tony’s psychologist. I am going down to the lab to personally oversee the preparation of your omega’s medication.”
Stepping forward he took hold of Pepper’s hands, pulling her close, before spinning her round so that her wrists were pinned behind her back.
He lay her on his bed, cuffing her wrists, he didn’t bother with her ankles, she was tiny and no match for his enhanced strength. He took the time to study her whilst he waited for the sedation to wear off, pale unblemished skin, long black hair, flat small breasts, her nipples were practically non- existent, and her pussy was hidden by thick black curls.  She was pretty not a beauty, but it was of no consequence to him, he wanted his omega to be obedient and submissive, to think only of serving him.
“Tony, can you tell me what happened the time we were trapped under the building waiting for rescue.  I know that you thought l was unconscious, but l wasn’t, l just didn’t want you to feel self- conscious, so l will l ow if you are not telling me the truth as l have never told anyone and l know you would be to mortified to confess what happened, even to Rhodey.”
Steve do you want our bitch’s face and mouth or her body and cunt?”
“Steve, Steve, Please! Please! I need you to…”
I can sense him through the bond, but it is not clear.  l intend to give him a week to settle and then will claim him again, Bruce says he can monitor the strength of our bond and set up a schedule of claiming bites as needed after that.”
“Nyet Zima”
Chapter 23
Thinking back over the last couple of months Peppers attitude towards him had also changed she had seemed more tolerant and less stressed by his antics, he could not remember the last time she had put her full weight behind paddling his ass, Pepper had just smiled when he had mentioned it saying that maybe it was the calm before the storm so he had better watch out, dropped the paddle back into her desk door and dismissed him from her office like a naughty child.
JARVIS woke Tony a few hours later, letting him know that Alpha Rogers was on his way back from Shield and by the time he arrived down in the workshop he expected his omega to be ready and waiting for him.  After a quick trip to the bathroom he stripped off his jogging bottoms and arranged himself on a cushion by the couch.
More and more often over the previous months Steve had him dress in more feminine outfits as he had in the magazine interview.  Tony had tried to fight him on it but Steve was adamant that he wear them and had got rid of all his other clothes, the only exception was when he was in his workshop.
“Doc, are you able to start Pup’s treatment straight away, what about the sexual stimulation our pet will need to help with the changes?  Yes, good, I want you to do whatever is necessary to ensure Pup becomes a full breeding bitch
Do you really want to go back to him? Do you enjoy being his pet, he is an absolute monster.”
All this flitted through his mind as he reached for his weapon only to find that it was not in its holster under his desk. Shit! He was never going to live this down, assassinated in his own office with no gun to even take revenge on his killers before he died.  Good job he was going to be dead so he would not be around to hear everyone laughing.
Thor returned after spending some time on Asgard, he looked incredibly serious as he asked for an emergency Pack meeting.
Oh and don’t forget l want you down in medical this afternoon for a check up, don’t be late, l abhor tardiness in omegas.”
There was no escaping the workshop he was confined until Steve returned. JARVIS was the only one who could override the codes, if the structural integrity of the building was in doubt or there was a direct threat of an enemy gaining access to the workshop, or a medical emergency in which case Pepper would be allowed to retrieve Tony and get him medical care.
Steve wants to milk his omega's swollen breasts.
“Not a word my omega!  You will remain silent until I tell you otherwise, you will rest now and in the morning I will prepare you for the board meeting.”
Natasha pulled the cloth of the mirror, wanting Pepper to see the full glory of her new style, the short pixie cut framed Pepper’s face, highlighting her high forehead and perfectly arched brows. It accented her cheekbones and nose, the previous softness of her face removed, the style hid nothing.
Steve circled their new pet, the matt black suit covered her smoothly and seamlessly. Unless you knew there was no way to tell the sex of the pet.   He punched her in the stomach, watching her fly back and hit the wall, his cock hardening as her pained cries increased after every punch and kick he delivered. He didn’t need to hold back on his strength, the nanotechnology meant that the suit would absorb  the majority of his strength, the blows would hurt but not cause any permanent damage, it would seem more painful to Natty as the suit would increase the level of her pain receptors.
He tried to get out of the booth, but Bucky dragged him on to his lap, arm round his waist, pinning his arms as well.
He had finally gotten Tony to admit that his mind was so full of engineering designs and ideas for upgrades both for the Avengers equipment and Stark Industries products that he could not think of anything else and that his behaviour would only get worse, not out of choice but out of need to get all his ideas and creations out of his head.  After speaking further to JARVIS and Pepper he had given him permission to spend the next ten hours in his work shop with no interruptions from anyone baring an Avengers Alarm.
Tony tried to squeeze himself through the small gap all the while bemoaning the lack of clothing on his bottom half and his bulging stomach neither of which he had planned for when designing the small opening.  With a final twist he managed to stumble into the passageway just as the glass walls of his workshop shattered, kicking his heel back to connect with the door in order to make it close he screamed in panic when he felt a cold hard metallic gloved hand close around his ankle.
Bucky has been found by Hydra, his arm crushed beyond repair and half frozen.  The Hydra scientists had injected h with the bastardised serum after amputating his arm.  There had followed months of conditioning torture in the chair, until the majority of his memories hade been wiped.  Once ready to comply, his new arm had been fitted and the legend that was ‘The Winter Soldier’ started his career as the most feared assassin in the world.
Yet again his fun was cut short by the snivelling omega passing out after a brief flirtation with his knife and the dick head alpha had even started crying which had been the final straw, all he knew was that he was back at Avengers Tower covered in blood, thankfully the black of his combats hid most of it from view.
Every one had been  ecstatic when told of Tony’s pregnancy, Pepper had rushed over after hearing and was already busy discussing nursery themes with a Tony.  Rhodey had congratulated the both of them and informed them his tour would be over three weeks before Tony’s due date so would be back in time for the birth.
Eleven years of my life and this is how the writers thank the fans who have made these films so sucessful.
Steve had carried Tony to the couch, laying him down he had removed all his restraints in readiness for his examination before wrapping him in soft blankets. The sight of his rounded cum filled stomach making him eager to see it swollen with his pups.  Biding his omega to rest and be still he settled down to his paperwork, glancing over to his omega from time to time to make sure he was still deep in his head space and watching for any signs of distress as this was the first time he had taken him so far down.  He knew that his omega was not used to it.
Steve take these stupid gloves off of me right now, I will not stand for being treated like an idiot child, tell the stupid bitch to fuck off, its obvious that this place is fucking nuts. Let’s go home, we can find another therapist, preferably one who is not as fucking mental as the people they are treating.”
Tony finally gets to orgasm and Steve develops another kink.
Good boy.
Non consensual everything, don't read if its not your thing.
There is a backroom with no windows and only the door into main room that is suitable for keeping the omega secure until they can determine who he is and if not their Tony they will give him the choice of returning with them or being released once the Portal appears.
Tony gasped as the strings of the corset were pulled tighter, cinching in his waist and pushing his breasts up until his nipples were barely hidden. The red ball gown flowed out around his hips, the full skirt heavy and difficult to walk in, not helped by the six inch black heels. His hair had been artfully curled and the makeup changed his androginous features into a decidedly feminine appearance.
Chapter 78
“Hmmm, something smells good, perhaps your thighs were not the only thing rubbing against me, maybe some of those noises you were making were because your naughty pussy was enjoying itself.”
Giving her no chance to answer he sank his dick into her cunt first, allowing Hulk to have a bit of fun before he pulled out and forced his swollen cock into her anus, he much preferred sex this way, loved the shocked look on an alpha’s face as he bitched them.
The Avengers had left on a mission 8 days ago, leaving Tony under the watchful eyes of Bruce and Jarvis.  Three days ago Bruce had been called in by Steve, the heavy hitting Hulk was needed to breakthrough the heavily reinforced walls of the Hydra Bunker they had finally found as Thor was still off world and Rhodey was a month away from being released from his last mission with the Air Force.
You can’t help been a slut for cock now, having denied yourself for all those years whilst you pretended to be an Alpha.  Your omega hormones must be in overdrive after being on suppressants for so long, it’s no wonder that He, has to whore you out and keep you hanging from his cock all the time.  Don’t worry l will have a custom made fucking machine made so that when l am not available you won’t be left empty for long, l will not share you around like a common whore.”
Since waking up after being transported back to Avengers Tower, Winter had become obsessed with the lingering scent of Tony Pup on the new metal arm he and designed and built for him.  When that had faded he had howled and  raged until the Vet had suggested that they give him blankets and items of clothing that carried Tony’s scent, so that he would recognise Tony pup when it was time to introduce the pair at the Breeding Gala.
Steve handed Tony into the limo, then slipped in next to him, Happy maneuvering the limo through the swarm of reporters and photographers.
Pepper’s face burned with embarrassment as the two Avengers amused themselves seeing what items they could fit in her pussy. Clint squeezed her breasts as Natasha fucked her with the thick end of beer bottle. She flushed bright red when Natasha pushed the neck of a second bottle in beside it, she had never felt so full and was mortified when she rolled her hips to meet each thrust.
“ Pepper, now see that wasn’t so difficult, but l expect  subservience immediately from now on. You will not be punished for this show of misbehaviour until tonight, so think how you can show today whilst you are at work that you are sorry for your behaviour, you need to prove to me that you can work for the good of both Packs and not put your selfish need to be seen as a dominant alpha first.”
“Now since you are acting out like a naughty toddler you will be treated like one until you learn to behave and apologize like a big boy.  No do not speak, it is my turn, and you will listen and then you will have a time-out where you can think about your behavior and what you want to apologize for.
Steve led his omega from ballroom towards the library for his meeting with the Elite Alpha Club.  AS the doors opened, he motioned Tony to his hands and knees tugging off his shendtyt and had him crawl beside him into the library.
The lab space was startlingly white and clean. There were three workstations, only one had items on it.  Steve led him over and placed him on the stool, locking his feet into the foot rests on the lower bar, he startled when his pussy was suddenly filled with a cold metal phallus. There was no way he would be able to move off the stool, he was effectively locked in place without any obvious restraints. He could only raise himself few inches but not enough to get free of the huge phallus invading his cunt.
Brutal was the only way to describe Pepper’s breeding, but the end the enormous stud’s cock had torn both her holes and his knot had dislocated her jaw. Only the  nanotechnology of the suit stopped her flesh from being ripped by his claws. The stud had refused to let go of her neck until Natasha had Jarvis partially open the neck of the suit so Raider could mark her neck with a claiming bite.
Hours later Steve kept watch over his sleeping omega as the drip delivered the enhanced hormones that would give Tony’s body the final push in his transition towards becoming a full an omega.
Steve plans makes some decisions (still a dickhead but cannot help it)
He stares at himself in the mirror as he sits on Steve’s lap, his pussy filled with his Alpha’s cock, the gold rings round his irises are the most startling change, they glow brighter every time Steve tweaks his nipples or grinds his cock against his sweet spot.  His pecs are soft and tender, he can see they are already slightly swollen.  He does not want to look at his stomach, but his Alpha takes hold of his hand and places it over the hard outline of his enormous cock, surrounded by his soft cum filled belly.  His own cock is hard and leaking, already smaller in size, he knows from having bedded omegas that it will shrink down further along with his balls.
“Jarvis, initiate override,
Bruce looked up from where he was already reading through the joint data from the two Starks research.  The speed at which this Tony had combined and refined the research and come up with a viable antidote was astonishing.  He would spend the night tweaking and perfecting it, as he wanted to see if his own research into omega biology could be added into the equation.
Pepper just wanted the day to end, her nerves were drawn tight and she shuddered to think what further initiation Rogers would put her through, the bastard just wanted to assert his dominance and make her feel insignificant and useless, typical Jock Alpha, she would have the last laugh though, SI would fall apart if she left and she already had her pet scientist working on a way to safely reboot Extremis, Rogers was going to burn in hell once she could access Extremis.
Tony shuddered as the suction on his nipples started up once again, moaning as the knots in both his holes pulsed in time with each pull on his tender teats.  His bound cock twitched, but the tight confines of the rubber sheath ensured it stayed soft and limp.  He had lost track of how long he had been attached to the milking machine, but it had been long enough that he had begun to find the constant pull on his teats soothing as his breathing synced with each tug.  The knots in his holes stretched his passages to the point of pain, counter balanced by the rub of the dildos over his prostrate and clit.  Tied to the machine he could do nothing but moan and drool around the large ball gag strapped securely in his mouth.
“Ohhh coffee, Steve gimmie some I haven’t had any in days.  Look you even have another cup of it so just hand it over now, mmm..  can just taste how good its going to be.”
“Good slut now, five on each breast and then you will spend the time until Tony wakes up on the milking machine to stimulate those tits so that my sweet boy can feast on your milk.”
“Omega l am going to turn you round to face me, just relax and let me move you.”
The afternoons were spent kneeling beside Odin whilst he held court, Odin never offered him up as compensation as he did Loki, even though there were many covetous looks sent his way.
Well now it is out of your hands, you missed your one and only chance to choose.  I guess that l am going to have to decide for you.”
Tony shivered and clenched as hard as he could, fully aware that his Alpha had become even more strict with him about keeping his body full of cum now that he was pregnant.  He sighed in relief as he felt his butt plug pushed up and inflated sealing in Steve’s last load of cum, without him losing a drop of it.
Steve watched as the photos on the screen were replaced with the live feed of Pepper’s room, she was restrained on the hospital bed, her eyes covered and headphones over her ears.  He knew that the words Sex Doll were playing on repeat in his voice and Hogan’s.   Natasha’s voice print would be added when she arrived.  He could tell by the tenseness of her body she was still fighting the words, by now she should have been relaxed and repeating the phrase and agreeing.
hapter 12
Tony startled as Lydia appeared before him with a Stark Pad.
"Tony darling, I know you are tired and want to sleep but I need you to do one more thing for me, please say clearly out loud that you want to be treated as my baby and that from now onwards I am to be your Daddy, Dr Gottlieb and Nurse Meyer need to have a video evidence of your acceptance to go with your signed consent, then I promise you can snuggle down and sleep for a few hours.”
“Raider has knotted him, look how round his stomach is, swollen full of cum, you can see the shape of his cock and you can even see the bulge of his knot.  I think we will keep Petey thin, can you picture him with just a pregnant belly and small fat tits with all slender limbs and a pert ass.
Tony was once again in his full nanotechnology based body suit, Alpha had said that he he could not be trusted at this time not to try and escape. Whenever Alpha had to leave him, he was suited and crated, all his holes filled and a feeding gag in place. His nipples were clamped and he was dreading the pain when they were released, Alpha was still in punishment mode with him and rarely allowed him to orgasm, the frightening thing was that his body had adjusted quickly to the pain and it was only when Alpha took it to the extreme that he managed to orgasm, then he would pee as well.  Alpha would make him clean up, foot on his neck until the floor and breeding bench were clean.
He held his breath until he felt Steve relax and start thrusting into Tony again.  This was just what he wanted,  it  seems it would take less time that he thought before he would be able to fuck Steve.  The Alpha was not as high a dominant as the Captain it would seem, maybe he could speed the process with a injection or two. He knew the formulas, it was just a case of seeing if this world had the advanced equipment and medical facilities that he would need, not to mention a few test subjects, he really missed his clinic and the freedom to do exactly what he wanted.
Bruce smiled, the Captain would soon have the omega begging to be mated and bred, the omega wouldn’t even realise that he had been manipulated until it was too late.
Now finish getting ready, mom has just called 5 mins til dinner.”
Twenty strikes and he decided that her tits would receive the last ten.  They were bigger now that she was nearing the last few weeks of her pregnancy.  Her nipples were huge, at least two inches long and a finger width fat.
“AAAhhhh Fucking hell! Get these things off me now!  Steve so help me god I am going to punch your perfect teeth out if you don’t fucking well undo these straps.  Once we are home you are relegated to the couch for the next six months, Christ I am going to lock myself in the workshop and drink a whole bottle of Whiskey just as a fuck you, you bastard!”
Once he had cleaned himself up he composed a text to send to Steve.
He laughed as his omega’s eyes widened in dismay, after all, Tony’s tendency to piss himself occasionally when overstimulated had not gone away with the loss of his cock.
Through the open door he could see his Alpha head thrown back in the throws of passion as she rode Happy’s cock as he lay bound beneath her.
“ See Tony, l promised you would love your dessert, let’s see if you can take another load without spilling a drop.”
It had been pathetically easy to convince the outwardly obnoxious and arrogant billionaire that he was interested in starting a relationship with him, the Beta had fallen for Steve’s wholesome apple pie, innocent virgin act hook, line and sinker, awed that Captain America found him worthy unlike his father Howard.  Steve smirked when he remembered the look on Stark’s face after he had fucked him through the mattress that first time, manhandling him into position with ease.  Within weeks Stark had the paperwork drawn up to make him his Medical Proxy, after Steve had pointed out that Rhodes was not always available immediately to give permission for medical treatment and that Steve as leader of the Avengers and his partner was a more practical option.
“I sorry daddy, I be a good boy, eat all my porridge I promise.  Don’t want daddy to be mad with me.”
Steve and Winter tell Tony the rules of a traditional omega pregnancy and the amendments they have made to them.
“Cyka! Presentation position, your hole has been empty for to many hours.”
Steve continues to rub Tony’s dick enjoying the wanton moans and the smell of sweet scented slick.  Tony tries to hump into his hand but Steve holds him tight against his chest continuing to rub and flick the tip of his omega’s tiny cock.  Watching in the mirror as his omega’s body flushes with arousal.
“So true Captain, the broken omegas that enter my clinic mostly all leave having successfully been re-educated and matched to suitable Alphas.  The small percentage that don’t, stay at the Clinic and are given further specialist treatment and made to work within the clinic to earn their keep.
You already know how important it is he ingests a regular supply of cum.  I have done some experiments using the samples you gave me to produce a synthetic replacement for times when you are on missions, I have a viable formula that will keep him going for a few more days after any natural stock is used up and this can also be added to his feed to boost his protein intake and lay down some much needed body fat.
“Now I want you to put on your stockings and garters, and the kitten slippers. Sit on the chair, legs wide open so I can look at your tiny cock and balls.
You seem to forget that when I fully open the bonding link, I know exactly what is going on in that brain of yours, just be grateful that I don’t exploit it at all times and allow your privacy.”
Wandering back in to his workshop he stopped at the small kitchenette for another bottle of cum shake, the microwave dinged reminding him that it was time yet again for the dreaded omega mush, still at least Steve was not here to see him drenching it in maple syrup from his hidden stash.  JARVIS had been turning a blind eye to it as it meant his charge was eating without too much prompting.
“Tony you are beginning to experience you first real unadulterated heat, you are going to finally experience what you were made for. Omegas were created to be dominated to be subservient to the will of their Alpha, to be fucked in every hole, mounted and filled with cum and babies.
Tony felt large hands running through his hair and down his body, the soothing strokes coupled with the heavy fullness of his belly soon had him drifting off, the last thing he saw before his eyes closed was his daddy’s smiling face.
Steve had knotted him and bred him so many times he had lost count, his stomach was swollen and round in a parody of pregnancy.  It was another trick of omega biology, giving the Alpha a symbol of what would become real if he followed through on rutting continuously with his omega during its heat.
It had been easy to get Stark to the Court House, Pepper had informed him that unless he went before the Judge to plea guilty to all his speeding tickets he would lose his driving licence. Since everyone knew how much he loved driving his ridiculously expensive sports cars Tony for once in his life did not kick up a fuss and accompanied by all the Avengers turned up on time and stood before the Judge dressed in his expensive tailored suit, sunglasses perched on the end of his nose, check book in hand ready to pay his fines and get on with his life.
He spent some time pacing around the cabin and thinking about what he really wanted, in the end it was surprisingly easy.  He wanted and needed to please his Alpha and show him how good an omega he could be for him.  After all, Steve knew best and would never do anything to hurt him and why would he want to endanger his babies by pretending he could do everything an Alpha could do.
“Sweet heart, such a good boy for me, I want you to imagine how it will feel when we fully mate and I fill your omega hole with my huge alpha cock, how stretched and full you will be, and then my knot will have you screaming and begging for more as I pump you full of my cum and breed you.
But he was too worn out after being continuously fucked by his Alpha’s enormous cock for the past five days.  His hole was so loose that Steve could fit his fingers in a long side his cock and wasn't that a strange sensation to feel his prostrate being massaged by long fingers as Steve’s cock battered against his breeding hole high up in his cervix.
“P..please, don’t go.
Steve rose and Pepper followed him to the office where Tony had been left.  Steve noticed that Tony had made no effort to kneel back up or attempt at cleaning the desk and floor, he was still muttering and cursing under his breath.
Natasha spoke all the time watching Bucky waiting to see his reaction she remembered him from the few weeks he spent training the Black Widow recruits.  He had been vicious and cruel when not on a mission then cold and remote when the Winter Soldier was activated.
Tony whined as Steve pressed down on his swollen belly but found himself replying “Thank you Daddy.”
“Longing, Rusted, Seventeen, Daybreak, Furnace, Nine, Benign, Homecoming, One, Freight car.”
Spreading her ass cheeks, he checked that her butt plug had been reinserted after her enema and was pleased to see the presidential shield nestled in her twitching hole. Smirking he slapped his open palm against it just to enjoy her startled gasp.
She made sure to lean forward so that her nipples peaked over the top of her dress as she made to hand over the branding wand.
Clint could not stop staring at Tony’s tits shifting uncomfortably in his seat as his cock hardened at the sight of the omega’s piercing.  The sweet smell of slick had him trying to surreptitiously to adjust his swollen member.
Chapter 76.
Decision made he withdrew his cock so that he could position his omega on his side enabling him to suck on one of the fat teats, the warm creamy liquid calmed his agitated thoughts, tomorrow would be a new day and a new beginning.
Bucky and Steve toyed with Tony for the next hour, taking turns to fuck his asshole and suckle on his tits as the omega writhed and whimpered begging for release.  Steve finished off by fucking Tony’s cunt as Bucky fucked his face again.  Replacing the plugs once they had both orgasmed they led the still desperate and horny cum soaked omega in to the shower, placing Tony on his knees between them as they cleaned themselves.
Pepper was allowed a quick shower before being laced into a leather corset and thigh-high boots; her short hair was slicked back showing off the severe undercut Happy had given her for being late getting ready to service him after the twins had been put to bed the night before. Her eye makeup was dark and her lips ruby red, she was mortified when Happy made her spread her pussy lips so he could rub red lipstick over them. Finally, her arms were placed on a leather sheath and bend up behind her back to be attached to her collar.
Worn out from struggling and crying Tony slipped in to a light doze, sucking on the pacifier Steve had secured in his mouth, he vaguely registered Steve securing one of his thick diapers in place, but only let out a quiet grumble of complaint before snuggling under his favourite blue blanket, daddy was so clever to remember that if was his favourite and that  it always helped him sleep better.
My apologies Captain, I tend to wax lyrical about this subject as genetics was my original field of study.  Now is this programme something you would like to pursue, or do you just want Dr Strange and Dr Loki to go ahead with crafting the spell?”
Natasha smiled as Natty flinched once again from her touch, the bitch shivered as she scraped her long nails over her bald head.
Tony Stark’s stomach preceded him everywhere he went these days, it was the first thing everyone saw as he entered a room, eyes just naturally gravitated towards the swollen mass.
Do not remove any of his hair but other than that give him the full experience.”
“Now for winners the final bid, Pepper you will be Director Coulson’s and Director Fury’s omega for the night.
Pulling Tony close to his chest he kissed the back of his neck and sucked on the mating mark revelling in the taste and smell of Tony’s scent. His cock hardened and he rubbed it along Tony’s crack and between his thighs, his thoughts on what brand to use and where to place it he drifted off to sleep.
“What the fuck! This is unbelievable how prophetic is this.  Steve come look, our little pup is a Shiba Inus, the closest  genetical match to a wolf in a dog breed.”
“That’s it Winter fuck her good and hard, want to here her scream as you come.”
Steve can in the privacy of the Penthouse shed that mantle when needed and take comfort in being looked after by myself.  You can let go and give yourself over to my order, l will ensure that you and Tony come to no harm and that you will be refreshed and ready to face a new day and all the responsibilities that go with your position.
Steve agreed with the reintroduction of Alpha and Pack Law it was what he had known in the 1930s and 40s, so it had been easy to voice his support.  The Omega Registration Bill in its full radical form was more difficult voice genuine enthusiasm for, Bucky had always told him he was a shit liar.  It was easier to physically display through his complete dominant treatment of his omega his acceptance, he was only thankful that Tony was a total masochist and that most of their kinks aligned. Fury had been adamant that he could not let Tony know any information about the mission, he was a civilian and any way Steve was going to bond and breed him regardless of the whether he accepted the assignment or not.
“What the hell does that mean? I do not need a makeover, it has taken years to cultivate this appearance so that l am taken seriously and not seen as a ‘pretty little thing, trying to play with the big boys.’
“Tony I am going to carry you for a while, we need to pick up the pace or we will be late, the Portal will only stay open for a short amount of time.   You need to climb up onto my back and hold on tight, I am going to see how much distance I can cover at a run. You will need to have the shield on your back so that it protects you.”
“There we go sweetheart, just relax and let me take care of you, there is no need for you to worry about anything but getting healthy and becoming the wonderful Omega I know you can be.”
Feeling his cheeks flush with embarrassment he once again buried his face in Steve’s chest desperately trying to hide from the adoring satisfied look on his face.
Thirty minutes later he had bee transformed into Pepper’s alien child, his body and face covered in silver body paint, his hair slicked back and sprayed purple with tiny baby antennas. He had lavender contacts and his collar round his neck.  To his utter shame his tiny cock was hard, causing much amusement amongst the film crew, who were used to seeing huge cocks on porn sets.
Tony peed on command, just as he had been trained too, out of the corner of his eye he noticed the nod of approval the Inspector gave.
She could feel the heat as her legs were spread and the laser started to pass over her pubic mound, to her labia and back to her taint. Hands moved her limbs whilst another laser denuded her body.
Bruce motioned Steve to walk with him,
Tony go and sit on Mr Graham’s lap so he can have a good feel of the material and see how delicate the embroidery is.”
Steve could see that sex doll was enjoying every bit of Thor’s rigorous fucking, but that’s not what he wanted, Pepper needed to be punished further.
Her hair had already been bleached white, so all that was needed was to cut it in to a severe ear length bob, shaved into the neck with an extremely short fringe that showed off her bleached eyebrows, black smokey eye makeup with a hint of silver and dark lips, completed the look.  Her body was then painted with black and white markings.
“No, no no, Steve this is all wrong, how can you do this to me I thought you loved me. Please let me speak to Pepper she would never have agreed to this, she is my best friend along with Rhodey, Rhodey is not going to let you do this to me.  I want to speak to my lawyers we can get this all sorted out, the Judge will see that it is all a stupid mistake and dissolve the Conservatorship.
“Owww, what the hell is this, get it off me now, this place is fucking nuts.  Pepper!  Pepper!  Get me out of here, help! Help!  Get off me you evil witch.”
“Good omega, now stay still and silent until l say you can come.  You may have got your way to be fucked now, but it will be under my terms.
Bruce finished cleaning his glasses, before he answered;
Closing the door he strode back into the conference room pulling up short when a tall red haired woman rose from her chair and marched towards him, stopping right in front of him glared up at him.
***************************************************************
“Steve I want the pups to be healthy but I hate eating at the best of times, it would easier if you just let me eat normal food when I wanted instead of all this Omega bullshit crap supplement.  Never needed it before and I am sure I can manage to eat enough on my own without you and Bruce hovering over me.”
“Watch what is happening Betty, because l have no qualms about giving you to the Hounds as a punishment if you ever try to escape again.”
He really hoped that none of his pups would be omegas, but if they were he would love them whole heartedly and ensure that they had the freedom to live their lives as they wanted.  He was not sure how he would make it happen but he would do anything to protect them from being bonded against their will.  He may have lost his freedom to choose but he would fight his Alpha in any way possible to have his pups grow up free to love and bond with whoever they want be they Alphas or Omegas.
Tony held himself in position wanting to please Steve and show him that he could be good trying not to squirm as he felt his Alpha’s large hands ghosting over his back to cup his ass, pushing the fabric of his shendyt up so his bare cheeks were exposed. Knowing what was going to happen next, he tried not to tense up as Steve’s hand swatted each cheek alternately in a steady rhythm, whilst not as hard as normal his cheeks started to sting and then burn as his  Alpha showed no sign of stopping.
The Winter Wolf finally gets his mate.
“Mr President and my fellow Avengers please make used of my omega’s holes whenever you want today, she is a horny bitch and needs constant fucking so that she does not whine and moan all the time.”
“No control whatsoever, pathetic, only needed to touch you once and look your little pee pee is hard again with just a few strokes of my fingers.  Let’s see if I can make you squirt again.”
“Pepper you will walk the rest of the way to the Compound, if this rope is not kept at full length then you will be wearing that harness until l decide to take it off.”
Meg’s examination confirmed that the last pup was feet first and that they needed to get it delivered quickly.  Thankfully this was the smallest of the triplets and his canal had stretched enough for Meg to held guide the pup down, she chose to cut his perineum to help get the head out without any stress.  An intense thirty minutes later Tony was cuddling his third daughter as she sucked tiredly on his nipple.
Steve was to make it known that he was in agreement with all aspects of the new Bill being proposed, gain membership to the Elite Alpha Club and work his way in to the confidence of the leaders so that the names of the extremists could be uncovered and those being blackmailed into supporting the changes in law.
“Hello Stevie, going to have to add that insult to the list of punishments you are due.”
Widow didn’t bother waiting for Thor, she just stuck her cock in the stupid cow’s mouth, Pepper was going to need a few more lessons before she finally learnt her place.
Chapter 80
Tony struggles for each breath as the Alpha’s heavy body squashes him into the mattress, his body is responding to each thrust, his heat and climax building until he screams round the gag as his body lights with pleasure and his cunt pulses, clamping down on the knot filling it, his g sport throbbing as rough nails scrape across the sensitive nub.
“Bruce, good to see you out of your lab, I take it you want to examine Tony’s udders, have you determined which milking procedure we should proceed with for the next month until the pups are born?”
Bruce met Steve’s eyes, a slight nod and he left for medical to get the syringe with the higher dose of serum.
“Right bitch, you will shower and dress, there are clothes and make up laid out for you, l will keep an eye on you whilst dad makes sure mom  has prepared dinner correctly, don’t want our guests to be served subpar food on such a special occasion.”
“Tony, as part of your rehabilitation the Omega Registry has made it a requirement that you are educated and trained as a Traditional Omega for a period of no less than six months after mating.  In all honesty, I would have requested this of you when we mated, I was brought up with those values and have passed the required training courses to ensure that I am able to instil those in to my Omega.
“Happy,  am I allowed to play with Peter?  He looks so adorable and I want to make him make a mess in his panties, perhaps I can suck his nipples and see if his milk is coming in, I am really good at that, just as Loki.”
Rubbing Tony’s swollen belly he pictured it filled with his cum rather than the enema water.  The stretched flesh hung low, each jostle of it with his hand had his baby boy whimpering and squirming.
Pepper tearfully nods her head, knowing that she has been deliberately set up to agree, her howls of pain can be heard by the staff as they pass by. Ultimately  she has to bow down to their clever manipulation as her cunt squirts copiously as she orgasms repeatedly when they remove the clamps and suck on her wrecked nipples.
She lost time, only to awaken again as she felt those same hands spread her legs achingly wide and her cunt giving way to the thick cockhead pressing against her straining lips. Inch by agonizing inch the huge, thick length pushed inside, stealing her breath, splitting her in two until she was screaming in agony. There was no respite though, her hips were tilted further upwards and another few inches breached her stretched cunt lips.
Tony's punishment and induction into the Pack.
Chapter 5
“I have secretly taken deportment and etiquette classes.  I have been studying the elite of Society and the all important political figures, I can stand in for Darcy at events and functions, since l bet she is a fat cow now, and she looks freaky with no hair.
Is your name Anthony Stark?
Oh God, she couldn’t let anything happen to Sam, what if they interrogated him and found out about the underground omega escape routes that were being set up.  She couldn’t lose him again they had only just reconciled, not after their years of separation whilst he was in the Air Force and their previously divided views on omega rights.
Ten years ago, gene testing for ‘the pet gene’ became available.  Hydra had al there assets and followers tested, wanting to weed out any inferior beings.  But Winter’s gene was latent, and as he was a valuable asset it was decided that since he was fully under their control and only unfrozen for missions, he would not be terminated as all the others had been.
Bruce shuffled forward, absently cleaning his glasses on his shirt front, messy hair hanging in his eyes, vest buttoned up incorrectly, the perfect picture of a bumbling academic.”
“Tony come on baby, tell me you want this, let me fill you willingly with my cum, coat you in my scent and make you my omega.  When we get home, I am going to ensure that Bruce finds a way to get that collar off you so I can put my own bite on you.”
Tony was convinced that everyone was staring at him and could hear the sound of his pull-up crinkling with every step he took, and he definitely heard sniggering when Steve had to ask for cushion for his seat so he be level with the table.  Throughout the dinner he kept his eyes lowered and just ate and drank whatever Steve gave him, a hard pinch to his thigh ensured that he didn’t refuse the third glass of water.  His stomach ached as his bladder filled, the coldness of his wet pull-up against his genitals uncomfortable and heavy.
Bucky’s was so turned on by the fear and despair pouring of the weeping omega, the little bitch was pathetic. Noticing the slight look of indecision passing over Steve’s face he decided to nip it in the bud, Stevie had always been a sucker for tears.  Time to remind him that he was the Alpha and no omega had the right to refuse their Alpha.
The clinic's reputation would grow exponentially and the wealthy would flock to have the same obstetrician and midwife as Captain America’s omega. Meg would give her best for any omega during their delivery no matter what kind, but she was happy that for once the Alpha’s views on his omega’s delivery were matched with hers.
Sira stripped the whore of her clothes, forcing her to lay back on a carved wooden high backed seat, on contact with Loki’s body the wood moulded itself to the contours of her body, vines sprung from the wood twining themselves around Loki’s neck arms and stomach, then her knees and ankles, spreading her legs wide so her ringed labia was on full display.
Steve rubbed the leaking milk in to his omega’s skin before latching on to his nipple again to suck down the sweet honey milk.  His cock pulsed twice releasing a second load into omega’s no longer virgin cunt.
Tony threw the dirty diapers in the disposal unit, washed his hands before settling in the rocker with the smallest of his daughters, Maria had weighed in at 6lb 5oz with a shock of dark curls that looked faintly ridiculous to Tony on her tiny head, her sisters Anna and Sarah had both weighted 8lb 10oz with the same dark hair just a lot less of it.  Making sure that she he latched on to his nipple properly he gently set the rocker in motion after draping a soft blanket over her small body, the nursery was warm and she would absorb heat from his body but she still need the extra covering due to her weight.
Tony's tits and huge belly swayed beneath him as he manhandled his omega on to his hand and knees. Parting his omega’s cheeks he licked at his glistening hole still loose from having his cock resting in it all night. Slick trickled on to his tongue as he lapped and sucked the rim before sticking his tongue inside, fucking his hole as Tony moaned. Pulling back, he replaced his tongue with three fingers thrusting up to massage his omega’s prostrate over and over until his omega was a whining crying mess lost in his arousal.
“Come on four titters, get riding and do not stop even when he has knotted you.  I want his ball sacs empty and your womb full.”
Both Alphas feel the surge of pheromones as their scents mingle and blend giving Tony a unique smell and taste that will forever mark him as theirs and warn any other Alpha that is not pack to stay away.
Tony sucked hard on his pacifier as he listened to his daddy, soiled diaper, tears and aches temporarily forgotten at the thought of getting to watch TV and have special time with daddy.  He knew that big Tony had always enjoyed ‘special time’ so perhaps he would enjoy it as well.
“JARVIS alert Winter, ask him to come to the pent house to guard Tony and the pups.”
“Come on Stevie, just think of all that sweet milk, more than enough to feed the pups and us without you feeling guilty that you are depriving your pups.”
“Steve, thank god I have managed to get here in time, how much longer before the portal appears, they are minutes behind me. I barely escaped, it was only because I managed to disarm Widow and steal her bites and shocking the Captain, that I managed to get a head start.”
“That’s it mio bel bambino, you sleep now as there will be little sleep for you later when daddy wants to play.”
Bruce pulled back the blanket covering the naked omega, then the thin pad covering his genitalia.  Steve’s breath caught at the sight of the perfect little boy cock nestling in front of plump cunt lips.  The head of the omega’s cock twitched as he rang a finger along its small length, a pearly drop of pre cum glistening on the tip, the sweet tasting nectar sent a bolt of lust straight to his dick.
“Steve fill your bitch!”
6.	You will submit fully and willingly at all time.
"Good boy, see that wasn’t so hard to do.  Omegas just need firm, clear, simple instructions to follow so that there can be no confusion.  You are to remain silent unless I ask you a question.”
The armour was on its stand awaiting a final cleaning before been locked away in its glass fronted case, and this was the reason he was prevaricating over giving the bots permission.   Once it was locked away it would be the final admission that he was no longer Iron Man and probably never would be again unless some catastrophic event happened.
He suffered through his cock and balls being examined and measured, hating how he pushed into the hand stroking his cock. The plug in his ass began to vibrate at a much higher rate, continuously nudging of his prostrate, walking proved difficult between the plug in his ass and his swollen balls, but the scent of fertile omega drove him on.
“Steve, your naughty little omega got fed up waiting for direction, so took matters into his own hands so to speak.   Used his sharp little teeth on the breeder’s fat clit as he finger-fucked Loki’s asshole.”
“Firstly my husband has been struggling with mental health issues for a few years, recent events caused him to have full mental break, so the decision was made by the court to place him under my conservatorship and for him to be an in-patient at Mountain View for intensive therapy treatment before he was allowed to come home.
“Adequate Pepper, but you need to try harder next time.”
“Right Winter get between her legs up close to her fuck hole, good, now l am going to guide your cock head in and then I want you to pound her hole and breed her, the cow is a prime breeder of good Midgardian stock, you have already fucked her before. But Darcy is new to the Asgardian Milk Barn and how we treat our breeders, Prince Thor promised her previous owner that she would always be kept fat and pregnant.”
About time..put in his place…needs a good whipping…. Show respect to Alphas now…. he needed a good fucking and to be shown who is in charge….years younger…….look at those jewels….. plump little titties…..suck on those……look at his belly just how an omega should be, keep them full of pups….less trouble….still able to work hopefully his Alpha will put a stop to this no building weapons nonsense……can still use that brain of his just needs to be controlled ….. won’t be using his cock anymore, wonder if he still has one
Standing over Tony’s head Steve pushes his cock into Tony’s mouth, his neck at the perfect angle for him feed the whole of his cock down the omega’s throat.  Tony’s throat is tight around his cock, the bulge of his cock showing through the thin skin covering his omega’s throat.  Rubbing his fingers along its length he presses down enjoying the shudders of panic as Tony fights to breathe, pleading eyes frantically try to catch his gaze but he ignores them.
“Want my Cyka, Want my mate now!”
Finally, a small laser was used to perfect the arch of her eyebrows and remove any trace of hair on her face. The air conditioning chilled her sensitive skin, the silky fabric of her robe made her skin tingle as it rubbed against the seat of the hairdressers, chair.  She felt a sense of dread watching ‘sex doll’ being bound ankle and wrists to the chair, even though the restraints were soft and flexible there would be no escaping them.
The President grinned, looked like the bitch was going to be sheared, it never failed to make him hard, women with long hair seemed inordinately attached to this sign of their femininity, just like men who grew thick long beards trying to advertise their masculinity.
Pepper hates this part of their afternoon, there is always a price to pay for the few hours of freedom they get.  Today especially, Happy and Steve were explicit in their instructions, she did not want to be punished.
Bucky met her stare head on.
“Stay silent pet until I tell otherwise keep your eyes closed, I want you to just relax and feel what I am going to do to you I am going to take care of you from now on.  There is no need for you to think about anything else but serving me and pleasing me, you are my beautiful Omega and your obedience will be a gift from you to me.”
Bucky returns to play with his favourite toy (poor Tony is not going to like how Bucky plays with him
“B…but l don’t wannabe baby, l’m a big boy. Hate diapers and stupid bottles, wannabe working not playing.  Got things to do with the bots an Jarvis inna lab.
Pepper had always known that David had a cruel streak but the hours of torture he put her breasts and nipples through, terrified her and when her father joined in as her mother sat and watched she truly feared she wouldn’t make it until Happy arrived.
I will teach you the errors of your ways and school you in the proper way to behave from now on.  I am going to lock you little cock away until I think you deserve the reward of an orgasem.”
Steve wasted no time shoving his cock back down his omega’s throat hips snapping back and forth each thrust deeper than the last, loving the mewling and whimpering sounds his omega made as he chocked on his cock.
Sinking to his knees he looked at Bucky, eyes begging him, their was no reprieve.
“Your pussy is so wet for us, such a pain slut.  Do you want me to paddle your cherry red ass, turn it black and blue, maybe I should clamp your clit and bind your cock so tight it drops off just like a lamb’s tail.
He watched her slip on her thong, which clung to her smooth moms before splitting her sex, the tight red dress skimmed her thighs , the top  barely covering her nipples, silk hold up stockings and three inch black pumps completed her outfit.
Natasha allowed Pepper two minutes to shower before dragging her out and throwing a thin robe at her.
Now he had Steve as his Alpha, was going to have a pup and did not have to worry about being a superhero or the stress of running a multi-international company that relied heavily on his inventions.  Here he could be proper omega, not the weird omega that behaved like an alpha and who questioned everything, who pinned after an almost oblivious Steve much to the amusement of the other Avengers.
Next chapter is nearly finished so will not be as long between posts.
Tony is never going to be the perfect omega, he acts the part in public but only because l discipline him beforehand. He works more than the law allows but the Government have given him a special dispensation to do so to help rebuild the world, even after two years there is still so much to be done.  It’s not good for him, all this outside stimulus, he should be home with the children and being a proper omega to me.  I am a strong Alpha and don’t allow him any leeway in our private life but there is just something missing, l don’t know what more l can do.”
“On your knees bitch, show Alpha Steve your tits let him see how I have had to punish your disobedience.”
It’s as he reaches up to switch off the cold water, he sees the brand on the back of his hand, terrified he looks down a his cock, desperate to be wrong, but his cock is bound tight in a thick plastic cage, his balls hang abnormally large and purple between his thighs.  Reality crashes down on him as he slumps to the floor;
Chapter 24
Steve has a meeting with Tony's doctors.
“Ready exactly what is written on the cards, do not deviate in any way or their will be severe consequences.  Just keep on reminding yourself that I am going to fuck you full of cum if you are an obedient little omega, going to fill you so full take away the hunger and the craving you want that don’t you? My own personal little cum dump!”
“Good boy Peter, now hold still both of you, no moving until I say so. Peter I am going to fuck your pretty hole whilst you warm Happy’s cock.  Happy, if I see your hips thrust up even once you will be wearing a cage for the next month, and Peter make sure you don’t pull off no matter how hard I fuck your hole, or that gag will stay on until you can deepthroat in your sleep.”
“B…but Steve l don’t know anything about babies, what am l going to do? How could you let me get pregnant? I am going to be the worst parent ever, l can’t even look after the bots without Jarvis reminding me charge them and update their coding.”
Chapter 88
I will stand behind the screen for your privacy, once the test has finished if you wish to bring your omega to orgasm just ask me to leave the room.”
Natasha quickly unlocked the omega’s ankle cuffs and pushed them apart attaching the cuffs to the ends of the metal bead stead.  She made quick work of the omega’s hands whilst he was still coming down from the rush of his orgasm.  She placed a few pillows behind him so he was propped up, to easy the strain on his back and neck, it would be too uncomfortable with that pregnant belly for him to lay flat, a pillow under his hips raised his ass to the perfect position. This would give Steve a perfect view of the naked omega when he walked in.
“Why would Tony need a blood transfusion for a broken leg and shoulder injury Fury? But more importantly why would Ms Potts have to authorise any treatment, the first thing Tony and Potts did after the de-aging was to have Tony declared an emancipated minor through the Courts.
Steve was pleased with Pepper’s more androgynous appearance, even though he knew that she hated it. Natasha would never allow anyone to challenge her beauty and femininity, thus the outward erosion of all things that showed Pepper as female.  He could appreciate female curves and beauty and if it served a purpose would bed, a bitch, but he preferred his bed mates to be boys with a hint of femininity.  Tony had been the perfect combination and he would get him back even if he had to destroy the other world in the process.
Tony was too stunned to say anything at first, but the sharp kick to his cock broke him out of his haze.
“ Happy, bring Pepper to my suite, do you have the recording of last night, good l think she will enjoy watching it whilst we fuck her slutty holes.”
“Pepper, when the babies come, will I have to stop nursing? it will be sad if l have to.  Daddy and Sir like my soft tummy when it is filled with your milk.”
He drew in a sharp breath as he caught through his bond link images of erotic lacy under garments, hidden deep within the walk-in closet that had yet to be cleared of Tony’s pre-bonded alpha clothes.  His naughty omega had been keeping secrets from him, he was both impressed and annoyed that such a thing had happened.  Never the less their omega would have to face the consequences of lying to his Alphas.
I will not stop your creativity and drive to work for two years, l know this would be extremely detrimental to you, but the compromise is that you will not work for the first six months after the babies are born, unless there are extreme circumstances.
“Oh fuck…fuck…. fuck! Please Steve I need to come, it feels so good, please let me come, want you to keep sucking my cock and fucking my slit.  I’m begging you, please Alpha make me come it’s been so long.”
In line with the laws regarding omegas, you will ensure that Stark is castrated immediately, docked or fully smoothed within three months.
“Give him ten lashes on his cock and balls, for kicking out at you, then plug on full power until the next cow is ready.”
“Good boy, now time to get you cleaned up and then breakfast you need to keep your strength up.  The Doctors have said you labour could start up again at any time, I do not want any more medical intervention, last night was an exception I am not willing to repeat, nature needs to take its course.”
Tony squirmed trying to get used to the larger wand as it pushed and stretched  the thick resistant muscles of his birthing canal, the subtle vibrations of both plug and wand against his prostrate sent curls of heat and arousal to his dick which once again twitched and slightly filled.
The nano bots crawled over Natasha, locking her into her bitch suit, thick bands held her thighs and knees together, her fingers curled into paws. Her asshole and cunt were filled with long, thick dildos  constantly vibrating on a low setting, keeping her in a constant state of arousal. Her nipples ached as they rubbed against the suit, she could only whine and moan around the thick rubber cock filling her mouth and throat.
Steve felt Tony clench his internal walls round his knot, the splash of his cum against his stomach. His omega lay silent and still under him, eyes sparkling, his body glistening as he milked every last drop of cum.
“Poor dear, such a shame what that sorry excuse for a father did to him, still never you fear Captain Rogers we will get your sweetheart sorted and right as rain in no time, just needs to be fed the food of love from his Alpha’s hand.”
The photo appeared on the front page of every newspaper worldwide with the main points of the President’s speech, showing a glowing Tony Stark, leaning against Captain Rogers leg, head resting on his thigh, a small secretive smile on his lips as he looked up adoringly through thick lashes at his Alpha who was gently massaging the back of his omega’s neck.
“Don’t know why everything is so big in this place, must have been built for giants.”
That’s it, now undo the crotch, I want to see your sweet little cock and tiny balls dangling free.
“Why Steve?  How do you even know about this ancient rule?  I thought that you were satisfied with having the omega and all Tony’s personal wealth.”
“Shhhh baby, Daddy is here, that nasty man has gone.  I am going to carry you to the car, when we get home Bruce is going to check you over and then Daddy is going to give you a bath and love you until you forget all about that disgusting horrid pervert.  You are never going to have to worry about him ever again, Fury will make sure of that.”
The training session had gone well, especially when War Machine had turned up unannounced.  Afterwards Steve and Rhodey had had a long talk, and Rhodey had agreed to become a full time Avenger as he has served his twenty years and was eligible to retire from the Air Force.
Licking his lips as he watched the pale liquid drip from Tony’s teats, he vaguely heard what Bucky was saying but all he wanted to do now was drink some of the sweet milking coating his omega’s tits.  Empty bowl placed on the side he leaned down to lick each tit clean before mouthing one of the teats and sucking hard. He could feel Bucky’s fingers running through his hair as he held his head to Tony’s breast.
He became more and more agitated, alternately growling and shouting for his Cyka, until Bruce had finally sedated him.  Once he was secured on the quin-jet they searched the Hydra Base, certain that they would find Bucky’s pet, the Winter Wolf.  What they did find was a torture room, that could be loosely called a laboratory, blood and fur coated the walls, the mutilated bodies of Hydra guards and scientist lay on the floor.  A large cage was shoved against the wall, the door ripped off its hinges, and what appeared to be a shock collar, broken, and discarded attached to a length of thick, heavy chain lay inside the cage.
Ma told me that I have to help Darcy with the babies when they come, I hate babies, I’d much rather help you.”
“Way to go Nat, drop your partner in right in it, now look I’m getting Captain America is not happy with you face!  Which means I am going to get pummelled in our next training session.”
“How will I know Father?”
“Steve just think how small he would be, our bitch would be 5ft 1in, then he really would be our little doll, I can just imagine him spit roasted on our knots, little arms and legs hanging inches of the floor.”
CONDITIONING TREATMENT
Bruce began to stir, the tranquilliser wearing off fast due to his metabolism, even the cut on his forehead was starting to close.  He could see that he was in a lab and Tony was in desperate need of medical attention.
It is not for him to give his release to anyone but his Alpha and then only when his Alpha gives his permission. Pleasure can be had and given to his fellow omegas but only under the conditions laid out by their Alphas.  Tony had heard the other Alphas command their omegas to come but at no time did he hear Steve’s voice.
What are you shaking your head for, don’t try and tell me I cannot discipline you or send you back to your Alpha if I wanted. When I get my Tony back there is going to be an extremely short courtship during his quarantine at the Compound, followed by our bonding ceremony, I will ensure that he becomes the omega that I want him to be, it’s a different world back home now and omegas need to be protected as there are so few that survived the snap or the return.  He will understand the importance of pack and family once I explain it to him after we have bonded.”
“Yea baby girl, gonn’a fill your tummy with my sugary sweetness, looked at those cupid bows stretched wide round my giant popsicle.”
Steve licked his fingers clean of the sweet tasting omega cum as Tony lay boneless and sated against his chest. Once in a while tired eyes fluttered open but exhaustion soon had them closed again, Steve let him rest whilst he waited for his knot to deflate.
Bruce operates on Tony.
Tony was shit sure it was for no other reason than, he was doped up on Alpha pheromones and itching to be filled with Steve’s cum and that being a good obedient omega would get him fucked full of what his body was starting to crave. Putting a needy whine in his voice which was not totally false;
“Daddy, no like this one, take it off now, to fat, I a big boy, not need stupid diapers.”
Steve could feel Tony shaking and gasping for breath as he spoke, with the help of Anna he released the restraints and gathered up his trembling husband, on seeing him naked apart for what looked like an adult diaper he wrapped him in the blue blanket before sitting in the armchair by the side of the bed.
“Yes Alpha.”
The office door automatically closed, keeping the lighting technician from filming any further.  The cameras within the office kept running, the Elite Alpha Club expected to see filmed evidence of all punishments as part of the initiation period.  There was a dark thrill to knowing that a portion of each meeting was spent watching and critiquing each other’s skills and offering suggestions on improving techniques.
Peter shuffled a long the corridor towards Pepper’s office, his panties round his ankles, the back of his dress tucked up to show his purple backside and leaking hole. Only a tiny drop of cum had escaped his lips but the Alpha had spotted it,  his hands pressed against the glass bottom out the alpha had used his belt to deliver twenty strikes to his already red behind.
“Ahhhhh… p..please  Alphas, uuuunnnngh  p..please  let me come.”
The leaked photos of Pepper’s wedding and the first sighting of Tony Stark in weeks broke the internet and knocked all other world news off the T.V news channels Monday Morning.
Tony cried for May and for the little pups that were half his, he hoped they would thrive and come back to join all his other pups in the ever-increasing Nursery.
The doctor give Tony all the details of what was done to him and what they are doing to reverse all the damage.
“Captain Rogers you boy has suffered a lot of trauma in the past few years, the conditioning therapy and body modifications went some way to releasing and easing a great deal of it, even though he fought against some of his treatment.
Steve started to rut inside him, nearly withdrawing then plunging deep again in one hard thrust the thickness of his alpha’s cock ensuring his prostrate was nudged each time ratcheting up the pleasure and pain curling deep within him.
“Avengers this is BB, my meg’s cousin and now her trainee keeper, she is only a beta, but feel free to make use of her any way you want.
He was aware that his Omega see and calculate the risks and reactions to events faster than anyone and could come up with a solution or plan to ensure a successful outcome, but he was going to make sure that Tony did not hurtle head first into danger before explaining what he was attempting to achieve.
Now let’s get going I have meetings all morning and my bitch is going to start work in his new lab today.”
With the ball gag secured he paced round the chair, occasionally flicking the switch at the bound omega, with each minute flinch and muffled cry he could feel his cock harden and could see the effect on Steve and the photographer.
Steve hides his satisfied smile behind his newspaper, Tony has yielded just as he knew he would, his little Alpha is truly his little Omega now.
“The pups are progressing nicely and their measurements are mostly on par for this stage of gestation, if you would like to know the sex of the pups I can look for you, no?  OK a lot of parents choose to but I can understand that given your circumstances you want this to be as natural an event as possible to your period in time.”
Dr Cho had entered whilst they were talking, ready to take over the monitoring station for the night, she waited until Dr Banner had finished speaking before informing them of the temporary solution to getting rid of the omega’s hard pecs.  She wanted to impress Bruce and hopefully get him to notice her not just as a work colleague, she might only be a Beta, it was rare but not unheard of for an Alpha and Beta to bond and use a surrogate omega breeder.
We were lucky that it was only months, the plants and alternate universes aligned in our favour, there is no telling how many years we might have to wait again and that is not including how much energy needs to be created to open and sustain a Portal.  The science is too new to be able to recreate the same set of circumstances again.”
Tony tried to hold back a sob but he felt his control slipping tears welled up and flowed down his cheeks, gasping for breath he tried to speak but the words would not form, frustrated he let out a scream then another.  Once started he could not stop, all pent up hurt and anger pouring out.
Through the glass, Tony saw him stop in front of the counter, wriggling out of the rope sling, swinging the paper cone around into his arms.  He ripped open the paper, revealing a brilliant mass of flowers, roses and mini sunflowers and bright gerbera daisies in what seemed like dozens of colors.
Laughing, May took his hand.  “That’s all right,” she said with a puckish smile.  “Trust me.  You wear it quite well.” The music swelled, a bright swirl of brass and strings, and May gave a firm nod.  “Relax, and follow my lead.”
The voice cut through the chaos, and DJ’s head snapped up, grazing the bottom of the table.
She set the cup down on the floor next to him.  “But do you feel like doing that today?  Or do you want to do something else?”
The lamplight caught on the words carved on the stone’s surface, but he could’ve recited them from memory now.
The kitchen door opened and Jess leaned in.  “Hey, Greer’s up.”  She grinned at Bruce as she passed, Carol right behind her.  “Heya, Doc.”
“I hate you so much, you know that?” Ellen said, and Jesse flipped her off with both hands.
“There’s no magic to you.  Curious.”
Steve took a breath, his mind racing.  “No,” he said at last.
“Why not?”
A beat of silence, and then one of the doors opened.  Clint leaned out, his hair standing on end, his eyes narrowed into blurry slits.  “What time is it?” he asked.
“It’s true, we do,” the guy guarding Tony’s row said, his arms folded over his chest.  “If you could keep Lewis from making a molotov cocktail from the communion wine or something, we’d appreciate it.  Agent Coulson is in a really foul mood.”  He tried for a smile.  It was a terrifying failure.  “Really foul mood.”
Shuri pulled her horse to a gentle stop.  “Does it seem familiar?” she asked.  There was no demand in her voice, just a simple curiosity.
“Wardrobe malfunction,” Clint said.
“I’ve been kissed by half the team and not the one I was hoping for,” Steve gritted out, his eyes darting towards Sam’s before he went back to scanning the room.  Tony had been here a minute ago, he was sure of it, but now he couldn’t-
“The security system has worked against me,” Tony said.
Steve handed her the bowl and she took it with a grin.  “Then, after a few days, we’d have a few solders dressed up to look like traders pass by, and they would offer to take him with them to the coast, where he could catch a boat, and he would be free of us and we would be free of him, and that?” She dusted her hands off against each other.  “Would be that.”
Tony focused on making his legs work, Steve taking a lot of his weight.  He decided he was okay with that.  “Fuck, did I miss work yesterday?”  Everything was a hazy fog, and he was too tired to feel worried about that.  “What day is it?”
Steve nodded.  “I think it does.”
Sam took a deep breath.  “Let's start with some basic steps,” he said.
“I don't see why not, a lot of people have, and their lives are probably better because of it,” Tony said.  He reached for a tray of fresh herbs.  “This was a good talk, this was good for us, I think we both understand everything that's happening, so-”  He gave her a bright, toothy smile.  “Good talk.  Let's never do it again.”
Tony nodded.  “Oh.  Yeah.  That makes sense.”  He stretched.  “God, I hate seeing him like this.”
"It's a lie that most drunk people tell themselves," Tony said.  "I, meanwhile, am actually just as charming as I think I am."
“Then he should not have annoyed the man responsible for keeping the doors locked,” Jarvis said.  “Luckily for sir, I do have a spare set.”  He gestured to the kitchen door.  “I shall wait up.  The rest of you, get some sleep.  I expect you to be at your posts at the normal hour tomorrow.”
“More often than is healthy for my state of mind, yeah.” Tony paced back and forth behind Steve, his movements quick and sharp.  Steve glanced back at him, just in time to see Tony run a hand through his already disordered hair.  “He’s talking to his people.  His-” He made a circular gesture with his other hand.  “His contacts.”
“I'll have some more,” Happy said, reaching for the platter of chicken.  Clint got there before him, and Happy made a grab for him.  “Hey, you little rat.”
Tony took a deep breath. “Steve...  I have cold hands because, well-” He tapped a finger against the arc reactor.  “I might have some circulations problems.  Not because-”
She pulled the cloth free, folding it and tossing it over her shoulder.  “We have a gift for you,” she said to Steve, gesturing at it.  “I made it myself.”
Steve considered fighting it.  But just like Stark, he figured that the best thing he could do was just give in.  It was undignified, but so was running full tilt away from a woman half his size.  He slipped into Thor's jacket.  It was too big in the shoulders and loose at the waist, but it came far closer to fitting than he'd thought it would.
"That's just a bonus."  Steve pushed back, stroking his fingers across Tony's cheek as he pulled away.  "You're getting some cold meds."
He leaned over.  “Diagnostic?”
Steve handed over a paper boat.  “Hot sauce is on the counter,” he said, to the extremely well dressed woman who took it.  “And Potato Rescue's got a special on Potato Nachos.”
“And he forgave me.”  Tony slapped the box closed.  “So, why are you-”
“Extended.  Extended loan,” Jan said, sticking her tongue out at him.
Jan stared at Jane.  Jane stared back. “What are you doing here?” she asked.
The elevator doors opened and they both froze.  Clea stepped out, her head swinging from one side to the other.  Her hair seemed to be a beat behind, hanging in soft, cloudlike formations in her wake.  Tony knew the moment she spotted them, her face lighting up.  “Hello, Tony!” she said, taking a light, floating step forward.  Her feet seemed to skim just an inch or two above the ground, barely making contact.  She balanced a plate between her hands, light playing off the mirror glaze that coated the perfectly shaped cake.  It had a strange sort of sparkle to it; Tony hoped it was just edible glitter.
Tony paused, his coffee cup halfway to his mouth.  “Not…  What?” he asked, and Obie pinched the bridge of his nose.
Tony considered getting up, just to spite the horrible child, but it seemed like far too much work.  “So.  Culinary school,” he said instead.  Eli nodded, his face amused by the effort at small talk.  “You going the French route?”
"And I am honored," Thor said to the young woman who was trying, and failing, to get a tape measure around his bicep.  She turned a rather unfortunate shade of red.  He smiled at her, and her blush deepened.
His feet hit the polished marble of the great hall, and he caught the end of the banister with one hand, using it to swing himself around.  He nearly ran face first into Jarvis, who was just inside the alcove, slumped forward, his face covered with one shaking hand.
"Your loss," Steve said, and to his surprise, Stark laughed at that, his eyes bright.  Flushing a bit, Steve looked back down at the book.
DJ leaned against Steve's side, working his way under Steve's arm.  "Hello there," Steve said, smiling down at him, and DJ peeked up at him, his eyes bright.  Steve smoothed his hair away from his forehead.  "Don't you want to help Peter with his kite?"
Behind DJ, Hitomi was laughing, her shoulders shaking.  "Bad ramen.  Instant ramen," she said, and Steve stopped dead.
“Sleep well.”  She reached out, her fingers just ghosting over his chest.  “Good night.”
Ellen gave up.  "There's no winning," she said into the phone.
“They're going to,” Logan said.  “Every time they do, they scare the ones they want to scare, and attract the ones they want to attract.”
“Yep.”  Steve boosted Tony over the threshold.  “I don't need much room.”  It was true, really.  The kitchen was all that mattered, and he'd made the kitchen into exactly what he wanted it to be.  Everything else had been secondary, to the point where he'd spent years sleeping on a couch or a broken futon rather than waste money on a proper bed.
Steve shoved a spoonful of stew into his mouth and made a big show of chewing.  Laughing, Bucky turned back to Shuri.  “So you set out?”
Next to them on the blankets, Clint and Happy were on their second or third serving of everything, locked in a battle of wills and stomachs that only made sense to the two of them.  They were wearing the crowns that Bobbi had already finished, Clint's sitting slightly crooked on his head.  Bruce, who'd managed to escape up until this point, peeled an apple, the knife sliding along the skin with slow precision.  Furbro crouched nearby, his tail swishing as he watched the peel sway through the air as Bruce turned the apple in his hands.  Every so often, he reached out with a lazy paw, batting at the end of the skin.
“No,” DJ mumbled.
“They have all been notified,” Jarvis said.  “I do not believe murder will be necessary.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“And then there’s you and you say these little things, and you mean them, and-” He rolled Steve over, his knees on either side of Steve’s hips, his hands braced next to his head.  “You’ve ruined me.”
Tony stared down at the flowers in his arms.  “What am I supposed to do with these?” he asked, despite the smile that he couldn't quite repress.
“We got half of them in place,” Rhodey said, rapping his knuckles against one of the massive wooden panels.  “It’s more than I expected, to be honest.”
“I hate this game, and all the players,” Steve groused as he stabbed at the elevator call button with a bit more force than was strictly necessary, and Tony struggled against a smile.
Harris dropped a chicken salad sandwich on her tray.  “Yeah, you did.”  As they passed the burger station, he grabbed two cups of fries.  She grinned at him. “What?” Harris asked.  “My new year’s revolution had nothing to do with food.”
Steve glanced up from his book.  "Welcome home," he said, and when he smiled, the light caught the lenses of his glasses and Tony gritted his teeth against the urge to say something very obscene.
Sam gave him a look, even as he straightened Steve's tie.  “C'mon, man, you can do this.” He took a step back, his hands clasped on Steve's shoulders.  “So.  Ready?”
"Oh, fuck."  It burst out of him, a little too loud, a little too sharp, and in the silence that followed, he let his head fall forward.  "Oh, my fucking God."
“Tony.”
Steve kissed him, and Tony wanted to be mad about that, he wanted to resent it, but all he could do was lean into the contact, desperate for it.  For him.  When they finally broke apart, they were both breathing hard.  Tony caught Steve’s eyes.  “If you’re not back in two hours, I’m coming after you,” he bit out.
"I don't care!"  It came out too loud and too sharp and too EVERYTHING, and Sam didn't even react.  Somehow that made it worse.  Tony took a deep breath and let it out.  "I don't-"
Curious, DJ watched it go, his head tipping back to follow its progress upwards.  Up, above the bookshelves, through the tarnished metal of the light fixture, the light casting shadows across the ceiling.
"Stop fussing," she said, and he smiled at her.  She smiled back.  "You do look nice."
Tony glanced up from his pocket watch.  “He finished,” he agreed, as Jarvis set a cup of coffee by his elbow.  “I don’t need the sandwich.”
"It will be," Miss Van Dyne said.  And her smile was frightening.
DJ shook his head, and Peter grinned at him.  “You’ll love it.  I used to go more when I was your age, there was an old nickelodeon near where we lived in Queens, and my uncle’d give me a few dimes, an’ I’d stay there all day.”
Tony paused, his fingers just brushing up against a chess piece.  “Does it count as a spectacle if  no one actually sees it?” he asked, his tone flippant.  He scooped up the black king, tossing it back on the table before chasing down a few pawns.  “It would seem to me that I need an audience to properly make a spectacle of myself.”
Tony grinned at him, half hidden by the pillow and the sheets, and Steve loved him so much it hurt, so much that it made everything easier.  “That was perilously close to dirty talk, Cap.”
DJ slid the bowl of his spoon through the layers of his parfet, watching the clear lines of the layers flex and break under the pressure.  A swirl of raspberry puree, chocolate mousse as light and airy as a cloud, thin, crisp wafers of dark chocolate covered cookies, all under a thick blanket of whipped cream.  He turned his spoon, scraping the side of the glass, trying to get a bit of each in a single bite.
Steve burst out laughing.  "No, you don't like the rain?" he asked.  “Or no, you're not coming out?”
DJ was digging through the hooks of accessories behind them, his face a picture of concentration.  “No gloves, either,” he said.  “And I can’t find-”
“Trust me, I’m as excited about this prospect as you are,” Tony said with a wry smile.  “Probably less.  In that you’re halfway around the world with Romanov, who’s competent, and I’m about to get on what used to be my personal jet with an anxious teenager who is looks pretty much exactly like I did when I was waiting to see if my father would remember to pick me up from boarding school, except less drunk, and that’s-”  He stopped, shaking ihs head.  “Wow, that came out of nowhere.”
Jan sighed.  “You can prove to be a bad example at least once, Dr. Banner.”
Jess’ head popped into view over Carol’s shoulder, a wicked grin on her face.  “Strategizing sexy times?” she asked, and Carol reached back, putting a hand on top of her head and pushing her back. “Nooooooooo!  You promised I could ask if they weren’t naked!”
“Maybe the flowers shouldn’t be explicitly-” Steve cleared his throat.  “Ass centric?”
For a moment neither of them said a thing.  Ellen stared at Jesse.  “How the hell...?”
She pulled her hat off, cradling it in the palm of her hand.  “It’s too late,” she said, and her hair had been swept back, twisted in on itself, almost flat against her skull.  She set the hat down on the seat, and picked up the folder instead.  “I’m the one who put it together, so it’s a bit late to be worried about me reading it.”
Shaking his head, Steve headed down the stairs as the boys collected themselves and tumbled back towards the buckets, splashing water in all directions as they set themselves up for another run at the floor.
Tony paused, his hand on the doorknob.  “Do you think he will?”
DJ's lips pursed.  "No?"
“I would be, too,” Val said.  She gave a slight nod.  “That seems smart.”
“Now, we can move this one,” Tony said, pointing to a piece.  “Or we could-” DJ grabbed a piece, setting it down on the board with a great deal of force.  “Or that.  That’s also a move that we could, we could do that.  It’s a legal move.  I don’t know why we’d move there, but-  We definitely can.”
“Too blunt,” Tony agreed.  He considered that.  He knew he was an idiot, but considering Steve Rogers was fast becoming one of his favorite pastimes.  He shook off the thought.  “Maybe it’s a cover.”
There was a long moment of silence, as he just studied Steve, his face unreadable.  Finally, his chin dropped a fraction of an inch, the barest hint of a nod.  “Welcome home, Captain.”
“No.  You have horrible taste,” Tony said.  “What the hell am I doing today that requires the Brioni?”
Tony snagged a candy cane as he slipped around behind the tree.  “Hey,” he said, picking up a box of ornaments.  Steve, halfway up a ladder, glanced down at him.  Some of the tension went out of his face, and Tony held the box out to him like a peace offering.  “This wasn't my idea,” he said.  “I swear.”
“Thank,” DJ said, then, “Thank you.”
Tony made a show of digging in his pockets. “You mind going and having a beer instead of staying for the show?”
Tony’s eyes narrowed.  “That’s not one I’ve seen before, what-”
The head came up, and turned, and Harris peered over the back of the couch at him.  “Deej?”  He shifted, trying to look back without craning his neck, but stopped short.  “Sorry, no.   It’s just me.”
“Acceptable,” the old lady said, reaching for the wooden bowl on the top of her stack.  She piled rice into it before reaching for her ladle.
Phil braced a hand on the table.  “I will pay you a twenty dollar bounty per shirt if either of them were to conveniently disappear.”  His mouth quirked in a half smile.  “Do we have a deal?”
"It's a compliment, darling," Jan told him, considering her nails. "You might have the men bamboozled, but every woman in the room knows you're a romantic."
“It was a stepping stone, back then.  For the cooks who couldn't afford a real place, or couldn't find a landlord willing to rent to them.  You drove a truck to save up for a proper place.”  Isaiah shook his head.  “Now we got a bunch of white boys serving ramen tacos to stockbrokers for twice the price you'd pay for a whole meal at a proper diner.”
“That was pretty fucking stupid of me,” Tony said.  He scrubbed his hands against his hips, hard enough to make his palms sting.  “Jay?”  He raised a hand.  “Tell me if I fuck this up.”
“It's possible,” Tony said.  “I might've implied that would be okay.”
“Deej?”
Steve perched uneasily on the edge of a wicker chair, not quite sure how he’d ended up here. Like with everything else that had happened to him this week, he'd had a clear plan and a strong sense of determination.  And just like with everything else, it had meant absolutely nothing.  He'd been swept out by a rip tide before, the sand beneath his feet dissolving as he found himself pulled out to see, far over his head.  Struggling was useless, against the might of the ocean, and the tide didn't care if you lived or died.
“You made a pot, there was zero chance that I wasn't going to get a cup,” Tony pointed out.  He sat up and made grabby motions in Steve's general direction.  “So let's stop pretending here.”
Tony locked his teeth together, struggling to get himself back under control.  It was harder than it should've been, but Steve was still asleep in his lap, his breath soft and even against Tony's lower stomach.  Tony had lost track of time somewhere along the way, his back and shoulders were aching, his legs numb, and he didn't give a damn about that.  He was used to that, and he was used to ignoring that.
“Thank God.  If you’re not here to scold me, feel free to come in,” Tony called, rocking back in his chair.
“Sounds like a plan,” Clint said.
Jan peeked over DJ’s shoulder.  “Is that a yes?” she asked hopefully.
Steve shook his head, settling back on the couch.  "This is the worst thing I've ever seen," he said, but he was grinning at the screen.  "Where did they get horses?"
“Tell me you got it,” he said, stepping back.  “Tell me that we don't have to hear this frigid puck-sucker brag about how he had to clean up after us for the next six months.”
Tony studied empty space in front of him, his stomach churning.   “Yeah.  Your math sucks.”  With a flick of his fingers, he expanded the holographic file structure, cycling rapidly through the dozens of useless attempts.  His jaw ached, and he made an effort to unclench his teeth.
"Go?  Go where?"  Stark kicked him in the side of the knee, and Rhodey yelped. "Hey!"
“Oh, God, why?” Tony asked, sounding pained.
“This isn't the Savoy, Mr. Stark, and I'm a bit bigger than your usual partners,” Rogers said.  But his fingers, warm and strong, wrapped around Tony's, pulling him in.
Tony waited, but Bucky just went back to eating the cream puff.  “Yes?” he prompted.
“Hey, Jarvis.”  Steve threw the refrigerator door open, bracing it with one foot as he started to unload the groceries.  “You need something?”
“It’s the most wonderful time of the year!”
He pushed forward, and he had no idea where ‘forward’ was anymore.  He had no idea where he was going, if it was the right way, if there was a way, if there was anything other than the place where he was, like being trapped in a kaleidoscope, always shifting, always turning, the world altering catastrophically with every single step.
DJ reached for a cutting blade, and Tony got there before he did.  DJ frowned.  “I'm fine.”
But things were quiet tonight, and Steve plodded forward, exhaustion tugging his shoulders down with each step.
Steve's arm dropped to his side.  “You'd tell us if there was something really wrong, right?”
Things passed in front of his vision, and he wasn't sure what were memories and what was happening now, and he kept himself steady, kept himself still, because if he started screaming at ghosts, then he was insane and if he forgot where he was that was worse.  Flickers of things, in the corner of his eyes, flashes of people, sounds that shouldn't have been there.
He ate the piece of sushi in one quick bite.  “Wanna show me?”
Steve sipped his coffee. “Mmm,” he hummed.  “It's possible.  If I was, I'd probably be eager to keep you from questioning anything, so...”  Without looking in Tony's direction, he held out the coffee cup.  “Shower sex.”
“Harris can’t,” Harris said, talking over him.  Tony opened his mouth and Harris held up both hands.  “Nope.  I can maybe take care of myself.”  He paused.  “Maybe.  I”m good for moral support, and that’s about all, I’m-”  He looked at Tony.  “All in favor of taking Clint with us?”
Steve glared at the door.  Tony considered reminding him that it was one way glass, and they couldn't see the disapproval, but that seemed secondary.  He was pretty sure Steve just wanted to BE disapproving.  "I understand the firing squad.  It has a purpose."
Tony dropped the book to the bed.  “Hammer.”
“Well, that’s all that matters, really,” she said, and Steve choked on a laugh.
“I think she’s mad,” Tony said, and he was laughing, halting little bursts of something close to giggles.
“I have a kid,” Tony agreed.  “It's working out better than expected.  I blame Steve.”
"Coming from you, that's quite the compliment."  He leaned forward, brushing a gentle kiss against her cheek.  "You throwing us to the wolves, Potts?"
DJ nodded, his face relaxing into a smile.
“Hey, Cap!”
“Yeah, if you don't want blowjobs in inappropriate locations, you need to stop saying that,” Tony said, his feet flying over the stairs.
“You’re very important to me.”
“You have no idea,” Steve said, reaching for the board.
Clint raised his hand.  “Don't want to be the one to point it out, but that thing was not pulling its punches, no matter who it was swinging at.”
Steve sank down on the edge of the bed.  “What?”
Her teeth flashed in a smile that was sharp and dangerous.  “Jail.”
“I’m quite impressed,” Mrs. Parker said, holding her hands out to DJ.  “Can you say good night?” she asked.
Tony’s fingers caught his, and Steve could breathe again.
“I’d say that I don’t need it, but…  I might,” Bruce said.  “How’d we do?”
Bobbi paused, her hands on the lapels of her coat.  “Has he, now,” she said, her voice musing.  Her eyes cut in Steve’s direction.  “Him?”  She pulled off the coat, handing it over, and Jarvis folded it neatly over his arm and held his hand out for her hat.  “You’re sure?”
“And we're done!”  Jan sat back on her heels, tossing her measuring tape around her neck and reaching for her notebook.  “Thank you, you were wonderful.”
Steve took an involuntary step forward, his hand coming up as Tony reached above him, grabbing loop of rope and leaning backwards, his body bowing over the edge of the balcony. “It’s fine, I just had it serviced.”  He heard Tony laugh, and Steve did his best not to look at the way Tony’s foot twisted against the smooth surface of the railing.  “What are you doing?”
Morrison didn't offer a hand, or introduce himself. Steve nodded. “Glad you could make it,” he said, as the news director walked into the green room, the chic and pleasant figure of Von Dieter right behind him.
He looked down at her hand, then back at her face.  He took her hand.  “Steve.”
Sunlight poured through the skylights, warm and golden, lighting the dim corners of the shelves, and spilling over the well-worn wood of the table.  There were books scattered across the surface, thrown open in front of every one of the chairs, stacked high on the floor.
Luke gave Jan a cutting look, his hands propped on his hips.  "We got work to do here, and you're getting in the way, Flutters."
"STARK!"
“You can talk to me if you want, but I like your tattoos,” Steve said.
Another knock on his door, a little louder this time, a little more urgent, and Steve pushed himself up into a sitting position.  “Goddammit, Hogan,” he muttered into the darkness.  “This had better be important.”
The bundle came apart, the stems spilling over Steve's fingers, and Tony's hands came up instinctively.  There was a rustle of leaves, a shower of petals, and then Tony found himself holding what seemed to be four or five dozen roses, the blooms brilliant against the dark fabric of his coat.
Steve nodded.  “Why, exactly?”
“I know you are, son.”  With one last nod, he followed Pepper out, leaving Tony alone with Jarvis.
But the city reached out, roads stretched like fingers, to draw him in.  To draw him home.  When they had crossed the broad old stone bridge that hung over the river, Nomad had fallen easily into the flow of traffic, of merchants and pilgrims, of workmen on carts and farmhands carrying their burdens on their backs.   No one spared him more than a glance, and with each step, Steve felt the strain bleed out of him.
Because there had to be enough for the next day, as well.  And the one after that.  All the ones after that.
The shot was framed on all sides with a fall of glittering, multicolored confetti, the individual pieces forming an out-of-focus swirl.  It gave the image a sense of motion, like a wave, or an explosion.  Caught in the center were two well-built men, both dressed in tuxedos and masks, one tall and broad and blonde, the other more compact and lithe, with a dark goatee and black hair.
“There’s unlucky, and then, there’s you,” Shawn said.  “Because things usually go worse for the people around you then they do for you.”  He paused.  “That made more sense in my head.”
The waiter was just finishing setting out the coffee service as Steve returned to the main room of the suite, already digging through the pockets of his tuxedo jacket, looking for his wallet among the various things he'd picked up at the party the night before.  He found it in an inner pocket, between a folded piece of paper and a half dozen condoms that had been pressed into his hands yesterday.
“Aw, isn't that cute?” Tony asked, tucking his hands in his pockets.  “He thinks I have friends.”  One last grin and a flick of a salute, and he headed for the door.  “Good day, gentlemen and ladies.  Stay warm.”
Tony looked up at the camera.  “Jay?”
“Thank you, James, thank you, the only real friend I have, the only voice of reason in a world gone mad, really, I am grateful for your-”
Tony blinked.  “Yeah, I'm fine, what-”
"You're lucky you're cute," she said with a smirk before turning her attention to Steve.  "Where would you be without it?"
DJ smiled.  “Was...  Different before.”  His eyelashes fluttered.  “Didn't think.  Much.  Things were simpler.  I was simpler.”
“I'm coming, I'm coming!”
Tony stumbled, and Rogers' hand shot out, steadying him with a firm grip. For an instant, they were both still, a little too close, a little off balance.  Tony pulled back, pulling his arm free from Rogers' fingers.  “I don't know what you're talking about,” he said, his voice smooth and calm.  “There was a little accident with a tiller a few years ago.”  He took a step back, tucking his hands in his pockets.  “Should've replaced the gate entirely, but it seemed like a waste.”
“I didn't know you'd shrunk down,” Sam said.  “And you're fine, so-”
He lunged out with one arm, ignoring the stab of pain that shot through his side as he threw his weight against Steve’s, pinning him to the bed.  For an instant, he was sure Steve was going to throw him off and crash out of bed and to the floor.
“Right, I-  It’s-” Harris shook his head.  “Know what?  No.”
“Steve?”
But DJ had already emptied rest of the hot water from the kettle into the sink, splashing the plates into it with a great deal of enthusiasm.  Steve smiled at him.  “Try not to break anything,” he said, as DJ shoved a chair over to the battered basin and scrambled up to kneel on it.
Clint pointed at the others without breaking eye contact with Tony.  “Corn dogs.”
“That was actually unrelated,” Carol told her.  “That was-”
“The household is in a bit of an uproar this morning,” Jarvis said.  “Which is not unusual, but-”  He glanced at Steve.  “Last night's events may have contributed to the current state of affairs.”
It was the woman he'd seen when he'd first come in, tall and lean, clad in black pants and a white shirt, left open at her throat.  She wore a brown vest over the shirt, hanging open now, her crisp shirtsleeves rolled up to her elbows.  She stripped off her heavy gardening gloves as she walked in.  “Where's Bruce?”
Tony bridged the space between them, taking the piece from his hand.  “Even I can rebel once or twice a decade,” he said.  He considered glossy black surface of the rook, his thumb sweeping along the clean lines.  “I don’t know what I’m doing.  Not yet.”
“What, why-”
“Bucky’ll go with him,” Shuri said, grinning.  She tossed her bottle to Bucky, who snagged it out of midair.
“Yes,” Tony said.
Tony held up a finger, and crossed back to the window with long, brisk steps.  He braced his hand against the frame, frowning down at the lawn, but the three of them were still there, Peter with a ladder now and DJ on Steve’s back, clinging like a monkey as Steve piled apples in the fabric of his untucked shirt.  Tony took a deep breath, and let it out.
DJ raised one arm, giving him a thumb’s up.  After a moment, his arm flopped back to the floor.  Slink, crouched down beside his head, nuzzled his temple, and DJ’s head lolled to the side.
“Okay, you're being cryptic, that's super not comforting,” Clint said.
Tony broke eye contact with Steve to lean an elbow on the railing. “It’s fixed,” he said, amusement audible in his voice.  “Now, be-”  Whatever else he was going to say was lost in the clatter of gears and the rustle of fabric.  Rope rattled through the pulley next to them, and the awning flapped open, kicking up a cloud of dust as it settled into place.
Tony didn’t know how to say this, and he didn’t know why he was trying.  “I’m sure they’re worried about you,” he pointed out.  “I;m sure they’d-”
“Strangely, yes, it did.”  Jesse's booted foot bobbed up and down.  “So one place didn't have a fancy suite or penthouse, one was too far out, one was available immediately, so clearly no one was using it right now.”
He pushed the door open, leaning in.  “Up for some company?”
“There are so many options,” Peter said.
Greer grinned.  “No.”
“He went with you,” Clint interrupted.  His eyes darted towards Harris.  “You.  Harris.  And DJ.  As soon as we walked into the room-”
“Disconcerting,” he said at last, each syllable picked out with careful precision.
“I could not have timed that better if I had tried,” the Tony Stark who was not Steve’s Tony Stark said, a split second before Clint yanked his phone out of his hand.  “Hey!  I-”
“Maybe,” he admitted. “A little.”
"Yes," DJ said, right on beat, and Tony let his head fall into the palm of his hand.
“And he’s still doing it,” Natasha said.  “He seems to enjoy the task, we’ve offered him something different to do several times,  but he seems content with what he’s doing.”
Her fingernails dug into his back, even through his jacket, through his shirt. He smiled. “I just can't do this again, Pep. I can't- Believe someone loves me like that.”
“If you mess with our only reliable childcare, you’re going to be on my list,” Tony said.  “Foster. I need a distraction here.”
Steve paused on the second floor landing, looking out across the rolling grounds.  Here and there, he could see men patrolling, their positions marked by the glow of lanterns and flashlights.  The walls appeared through the gloom, caught in slim circles of light.  He looked down, beside the gardens, but the greenhouse was exempt from the nocturnal movements.  It was as still and silent as the house, the windows gleaming in the pale moonlight.
Steve's jaw worked.  "Sir, I-"
Tony collapsed back in his chair.  “You’re bad at your job.   And you should get a new one.”
“Not making that mistake again,” Tony agreed.
“Yes,” Steve said, cutting him off.  “That one.  It just needed to be-”
Val looked at DJ,  her mouth pursed up, her eyebrows arched.  DJ shrugged, trying to keep a straight face, and Val gestured at her brother with both hands.  "He's fine," DJ said, ducking his head over his work.  "He's just tired."
Tony’s eyebrows arched.  “I didn’t say you were going to adopt him.  I said, you were going to keep him.” His head went down as he straightened his vest.  “Weren’t you.”
She stopped, meeting his gaze evenly.  “Yes?”
“Of course!” Jan said, as DJ nodded.  “She’s very nice and she loves me and she loves you, Tony!  She loves you and wants you to be happy!”
“And this is what happens to people who challenge the status quo.” Logan nodded.  “Who woulda guessed?”  He rolled to his feet.  “We'll send you what we've got on Gyrich.  But don't get so distracted by the front that you forget to look at who's funding him.”  He tucked his hands in his pockets.  “If they're using him, eventually he'll stop being useful.  And that's when things are going to get ugly.”
He didn’t see anything else.
Fury's smile was slow, but real.  “If anyone can prove me wrong, Captain, it would be you.”  He stood.  “Heads up, people.  Let's get everyone on the same page, before the landscape changes again.”
“That doesn't seem like something she'd agree to,” Steve said.
Tony rolled his eyes. “Dealing with the hall management will take forever. Go find him.”
“And unnaturally powerful, I'll have you know,” Jan said.  “I'll send someone over tomorrow with some clothes for DJ, just have him try them and keep whatever you want.”
“Uh-huh,” Steve said.  He grabbed a few pieces of clothing off of the floor on the way to the bathroom.  With any luck, at least one of them would be his.
“I believe in multitasking,” she said.  She grinned at DJ.  “Will you ride the roller coaster with me?”
“I’m really, really trying,” Steve said, through gritted teeth.
“I’m trusting you to keep an eye on him,” Tony said, and Peter nodded.  He waved at DJ, who waved back.  “Go to bed, you rapscallion.”
“Have we gotten sued?” Jesse asked.
Steve nodded.  “Understood, ma’am.”  He turned to go, and paused, his hand floating over edge of one of the tables.  “One more question?”
Tony’s head fell forward.  “I’m fine,” he said, and Natasha snorted.  Despite himself, he smiled.  “Yeah, well, fuck you, too.”
“I work quickly when I want to,” Tony said.  He shifted, throwing one leg over Steve’s and settling his weight on his knees, straddling Steve’s hips.  He leaned over, his hands smoothing over Steve’s shoulders.  “All right, my hungry fellow.  I’ll be having that sketchbook of yours.”
“Hawkeye gives everyone a nickname, but they’re not usually fit for polite company.”  Natasha rotated the wheel, pulling the car around another corner.  “Then again.  “I suspect he already has one.”
“Huh.”  Bobbi ate another spoonful of preserves.  “Jarvis and Mrs. P are making up the room next to the nursery.”  She looked at Natasha.  “Jarvis says he's staying.”
“Well, that was your first mistake,” Darcy said, sliding her tray up the counter to the register.  “Never listen to Coulson.  At best it’s boring and at worst it’s terrifying.”
“It wasn't paying attention to me, I figured I could sneak up on it, and then when I did, I wasn't really sure what to do about it, so...  Look, I'm alive, don't I get credit for being alive?”
"Of course, sir," Jarvis said.  "Officer Rogers, there is a small room just next to the one where we've put young DJ.  As that was once the nursery, there is a connecting room, designed to be occupied by the nanny.  While it is a very nice room, it is not a guest room."  He paused.  "Mrs. Parker and I have already tidied it, with the idea of one of us occupying it, in case our young guest needed reassurance during the night."
“Hammer’s going to give you a whipping and a half when he sees this,” he said, his eyes darting around the floor  “Billy, what-”
The massive fireplace was swept clean, but there was a fresh pile of logs stacked on the hearth.  Grateful for that small mercy, Tony grabbed a few, tossing them into place before reaching for the kindling.  Starting a fire was tedious, cold fingers fumbling on the matches and the newspaper, but he was nothing if not stubborn.  And cold.
Tony his mouth hanging open in front of his cup.  He set it down on the workbench.  “I-  What?”
“Neither am I.”  She nodded. “I will remember.  Elevator.  Ask Jarvis to announce me.”
"Doesn't that mean we won?"
“Tony?” Steve didn't look at him. “If I did anything to make you uncomfortable, that hurt you-”
“As pleasant as that might be, I doubt the paperwork would survive,” Coulson said.  “May we adjourn somewhere a bit less...”  He paused, eyebrows arching.  “Damp?”
Tony realized his hand was covering his breastbone with one hand.  He let it drop down to his side.  “A guest, what do you mean-”
Her teeth flashed in a quick,bright smile.  “Do you have a comment for our-”
There was a pause. “Today. This afternoon.”
“She’s very good,” Jan said.
DJ bit chewed on his bottom lip.  “Everyone does,” he said, and Val's head tipped in his direction, a slight smile on her lips.  He tried to smile back.  “Don't they?”
Val twisted a long strand of hair around her finger, tight enough to make the tip go red.  “That's your nightmare?” she asked.
“Your parents,” Steve said, and Tony went still.  Steve tapped his right elbow.  “Your father’s company.  And-” He tapped the left. “Your Sicillian mother.”
“There is nothing he could do to harm you, and a careless, cruel word from you could ruin his life, and you well know it,” Jarvis said.  He reached out, taking the cup from Tony and dropping it on the tray, ignoring it when the coffee splashed over the rim.  “He took a very real risk in trusting you, in trusting everyone here, and you will respect that.”
“I've been poster boy for a lot worse,” Steve said with an easy smile.
“Bunnie,” Carol repeated.
“Three shakes of the food can, twice a day,” Jarvis said.  “However, Jane encouraged him to speak kindly to them, as they are all rather anxious when she’s not around.”
“I’m okay!”
“A group of girls, newly arrived from Poland, disappeared from the piers before they could be collected by their families.  They turned up a few days later, unharmed but terrified, in the care of the Sisters of Perpetual Mercy.  They’d been railroaded into the dubious care of men who had plans to sell them into prostitution, or to the brothels.  None of them were willing or able to talk about how they got free, but the Sisters say a single man escorted them to the gates of the convent in the middle of the night, before disappearing without leaving his name.”  She looked up.  “A stolen truck was found a block away.”
"They're not out," Tony said.
“DIBS,” Clint said, kicking the fridge door and walking out of the kitchen.
“Yes, but we will make popcorn only so we can string popcorn garlands,” Tony said.  “You can’t eat any of the-”
“I never got the chocolate sauce out of that shirt,” Darcy said.  She snapped her fingers.  “How about the guy having a heart attack at the movie theater?”
She grinned.  “Fuck you.”
“I can do it,” Natasha said, as the car rolled to a stop.
“Every time,” Steve said.  He smiled, his eyes bright, his cheeks flushed.  “I'm home.”
“DJ?”
Tony thought about that, his brow furrowing.  “No,” he said at last.
Steve nodded.  “I really thought, if I ever got married, it'd be at city hall, just me and my spouse and a witness in front of a judge, or something.”  He reached out, running a careful finger along the edge of the plate.  “Receptions weren't even on my radar.”
“Bring him a coffee?” DJ suggested.
“Right, and you know that how?” Happy asked.
“Tell me-”  She stopped, her eyes falling closed as she took a deep breath.  She held up both hands in front of her, spread wide.  “Tony, tell me you didn't-”  She stopped again, and Tony waited, one hand braced on the workbench, one eyebrow arched.
Steve stared at him, his breathing ragged, his head swimming.  “You-”
“Still going to love you,” Steve said, “and we can order a real pizza, you know.  We live in New York.  Why would we possibly make a frozen pizza?”
“What happened?” Steve asked.  “Are you hurt?  Are you-”
“Darcy,” said Harris.  “Because I’m not going to Las Vegas with you alone.”
“I know.”  Steve set a plate of cookies down on the workbench before he took a seat across from DJ.  “Do you want to talk about it?”
DJ slipped the jacket down to his shoulders, clutching it there like a cape.  “Yes,” he said, and his smile was bright and hopeful and heartbreaking.
“They're making a kite, I'm sure nothing will end up on fire.” She paused, her brow furrowing.  “Unless they try to strap an engine to it.”
“That is absolutely incorrect,” Rhodey said, flipping through one of Peter’s old school books.  “Multiplication-”
“Yes, but you are still on my list of things to fret over.”  She paused.  “You okay?”
“I’m covered in sea water and squid goo,” Tony said, scowling down at his work.
“Didja hear that?” Rogers asked DJ, who threw an arm over his shoulder.  “You get a bath!”
Tony opened his mouth.  Closed it.  “Fourteen hours a day, he lives on the curb outside my restaurant,” he said, and that sounded more defensive than he'd intended it to.  “Which, you know, seems adequate, so-”
“The Amazing Hawkeye,” Clint said, swinging his bow across his shoulders and bracing his wrists on the ends, his fingers dangling down, lanky and easy.
“I hate everything and everyone,” Tony told him.  He leaned into Steve's palm, a soft sound of pleasure slipping from his lips.
“You didn't get your water,” Steve said, heading back to the kitchen.
Tony chuckled.  “The rules?” he asked.  “We have rules now?”
“Reilly, I told you, don’t touch ANYTHING!” Hank yelled, taking the steps two at a time.
For a long moment, Steve was silent.  “So the hobo van's the backup plan?” he said, and Tony laughed.
Steve's eyes rolled up towards the dark night sky.  "Really," he said, his voice flat.  "The worst color you've ever seen."
“I hear that a lot, ma’am,” Steve said, almost apologetic.
“No,” Tony said, and Jan let out a squeal, clapping her hands together.  Tony winced.  “Jan, no.”
“Tony-”
He stepped back, and for the first time, Steve got a clear view of where they were.  A park.  In a city.  His head tipped back, and he stared up at the blue sky, fragmented and hidden by the sharp lines of the buildings that stretched up above them.  The park was tucked between the buildings, a small path that lead through a patch of grass and trees, with a handful of benches scattered along its length.  Steve inhaled, and it still burned, but the air no longer felt foreign in his lungs.  “New York?” Steve asked, his pulse thudding in his ears.
Or his heart.
Obie shook his head.  “You don’t listen to me, but you listen to them, don’t you?” he asked.  He surged to his feet, slamming his hands down on the table had enough to make the pieces shift on the board.  His broad fingers went white around the knuckles with the pressure, his shoulders hunching forward.  “You’ve always let your servants get above their station, every single one of them needs to be reminded of their place, and it should be done immediately.”  He stabbed at the chessboard, the movement short and violent.  “And if you can’t do it, I will, Tony.”
Tony frowned at the cup of lemonade that Jarvis set in front of him.  “Where's my coffee?” he asked.
He was getting better at that.  Small, almost controlled bursts of power.  He could do little things, if he concentrated hard enough.  Single words, with the full force of his voice behind them, could make small things happen.  He raised his hand, and flicked his fingertips.  “Turn.”
“Hmmm.”  Steve pretended to consider that.  “I'm going to have to veto.”
DJ reached out, his small fingers sneaking a crisp piece of bacon from the edge of Tony's plate.  Tony watched, his heart sinking, as DJ tucked the bacon into a napkin in his lap, folding the fabric tightly around his prize.
“No, I-”
“Do you remember what you sent them?” Sue asked.  Tony considered that.  “You opened legal funds for them.  That was what you sent two babies, Tony.  A trust fund for legal fees.”
Steve bit back a smile.  "You're efficient," he agreed, catching Tony's elbow before he could get swept away by the crowd, "but not even you could make this much trouble, this fast."
Billy was waiting on the stoop in front of the orphanage, his cap pulled low over his eyes.  “Where’s Sean?” he called as Steve stepped out of the car.
“Let us know,” Sam said.  He slung an arm around Steve's shoulders.  “But really.  If you have to throw a couple of people through a couple of walls, we understand.”
“It wasn’t much of a brawl,” Peter said.
Before he could go for his sword, Okoye reached out, her fingers gentle on his wrist.  “It is the others,” she said, and he nodded.
Clint wandered into the kitchen, wearing a pair of sweatpants, a button-down dress shirt, and one sock.  Carol leaned back in her chair, her head tipping in his direction.  “Hey, Clint?”
Tony smiled.  “Okay.”  He stood up, tucking his hands in his pockets as DJ gathered himself, pulling Tony’s jacket in close to his sides.
Jesse shrugged.  “So, know what they were financing with donations last night?” she asked.  Ellen just stared at her.  “Marriage licenses.”  She shoved a hand through her hair.  “It's one of the main stumbling blocks to actually, you know, getting married.  Symkaria doesn't have a waiting period, or even blood tests, but they make sure people think hard about getting married by making it really expensive.”
"I have to, I have to-" Tony braced his hands on the edge of his workbench, rocking his weight against his palms.  "You've seen the specs, my tech is embedded in those designs, and I can't have that.  I will not have that.  I need to go over there, and rip every single one of my components out of those damn things.”  DJ set a cup of coffee down next to him, and Tony glared down at it. “Is this what we're doing here?  Really?”
“Where have you been?” Obie’s fork clicked against the plate as he set it down, and he reached for his wineglass.
“You, too.”
“I didn't watch this for the music,” Tony said.  “I watched this for-”  He waved a hand at the screen, where a lithe young blond man was jumping around, naked to the waist and waving a sword with a great deal of enthusiasm.  The leading lady, dressed in an oversized flannel shirt and jeans, as shoved forward by her bikini clad peers.  “Look, teenage-Tony appreciated the costume design.”  Steve gave him a look.  Tony shrugged.  “Or lack thereof.”
Clint scraped a hand over his face.  "Right," he said at last, because Jarvis seemed to be waiting for a response.  "He knows they don't care about perfect, right?  They're just aiming for alive and happy?"
Clea nodded.  “I ask, because he’s not progressing.”
“I might've delayed the brewing cycle by a few minutes,” Jarvis said.  He paused.  “The results were not what I had hoped.”
"Oh."  Peter blinked at him again.  There were leaves in his hair, and a tear on one shoulder of his shirt.  "I'm fine.  Thank you, Mr. Stark."
“It’s not going to work,” Steve said.
“Hi, Happy,” Steve said, and Tony mumbled something that might be a greeting or a curse against the skin of Steve's throat. “We're- I mean-”
“I love you,” he said, and he was smiling and crying all at once. “And I miss you, and I know we made the right decision.”
Mickey nodded.  “Yeah.  Yeah, I can do that.”
Steve smiled.  “Yeah,” he said, because they were both looking at him, with identical eyes in different faces, and that might have been the biggest understatement of his life.  He leaned against the doorframe, arms crossed over his chest.  “I love you.”
“I'm going to teach you how to samba,” Jess said, doing a little sideways shimmy.
“Which is why it was not allowed,” Jess said, sitting cross legged on the couch.  “Once you get onto a competitive eating spree, it is impossible to stop you.”
She turned to face him.  “Captain Rogers, do you really care what I think?”
“What?” Steve asked, handing a cup to Rhodey, who took it with a slight smile and a nod.  Steve gave Tony an innocent look.  “You don't want coffee?”
Tony rubbed idly at the curve of his shoulder.  “Apparently even after your prices, I had enough to pay for some new ink.”
“It, and everything else I’ve got, is yours.”
Jarvis, standing at the foot of the bed, considered this with a faintly perplexed expression on his face.  “I’ve brought your breakfast,” he said, holding the tray up.  “Your…”  His head tipped to the side.  “Your usual two plates.  As is common.  For you.”
“I can put a movie on-”
“She’s just trying to make me jealous,” Rhodey said, holding out a hand.  Tony took it, stepping neatly into the dance step without a second thought.  They moved together with an easy, assured sort of grace that spoke to hours of practice.    “It’s not going to work, but I appreciate the effort.”
Pepper leaned against the table. “Tony-”
Steve froze on the step, one hand grabbing the banister.  "Is it now."  He looked up, then back down.  "Thank you for letting me know, before anyone else, Mrs. O'Malley.  I'll see it's taken care of."
"Both," DJ said, looking from the cup to the scone bag and back.  His eyes narrowed, he shoved the bag between his teeth.  "Fank foo."
“Glad I can help,” Steve said, his hands on Tony’s ass.  Laughing, Tony gave a little hop, wrapping his legs around Steve’s waist.  Steve took his weight without even seeming to notice it, kicking the front door shut behind them as he stormed towards the bedroom.
“Why?” Tony asked.
Tony nodded.  “Steve?”  Steve looked back at him, but Tony was back at work.  “You’ve been my guiding light through troubled waters for a long time.  Longer, maybe, then you’ll ever know.”  His chin dipped in a slight nod.  “I will always need you.”
Tony waved a hand in his direction.  “If you want to take over replacing the valves on the Southwest irrigation-” he said, and Ty slammed it back down to the bench.  Tony looked at it, resigned.  “Not to worry.  I can order another one from the foundry if that one’s broken now.”
Steve grinned at him, water running along the planes of his face, down his neck, his arms, his legs, down EVERYTHING, and Tony was having trouble breathing all of a sudden.  “Because one thing I learned growing up in this city, Tony?  The rain feels better if you really need it,” he said.
“When I know where and when I’ll be landing, that is, if a city guard doesn’t manifest directly below me.”  Steve gave him a look, and Tony grinned.  “Not that I don’t appreciate it, but I have fallen from much higher spots, and with a lot less…” He buttoned his vest up, smoothing the fabric into place around his narrow waist.  “Finesse.  More than once, actually.” He spread his arms wide, his smile bright.  “And look.  Still alive.”
“When am I not?” he asked, catching her hand and brushing a kiss across her knuckles.  “Did you cover for-”
“I promise, if he’s dying, you’re the first one I’ll tell, ‘cause that means I can make you tell Steve,” Clint said, folding his arms on the back of the couch.  “Right.  As soon as we have a registry, you’ll be the first one to hear.”
Steve jogged to the top of the stairs.  “Almost noon.”  Tony mumbled a curse, and Steve smiled, his eyes warm.  “Yeah.  Pretty much.”  He leaned over, pressing a broad, cool hand against Tony's forehead.  “How're you feeling?”
“Being gay, yes, you make it okay. For people who are walking a knife edge right now.” She leaned in. “You use 'my husband' in public, on camera, and it's not going to change the world, but it alters the perception of who we are, what we can be. Does it really change things that much? Probably not.”
“I’m unpredictable,” Tony said.
DJ blinked at him.  “I do not believe you,” he said.
“You dragged me out of bed at six am-”
"I need an egg," Stark said.  He sounded almost comically insulted.
She gave a snort.  “Thank you.  No.”
Tony waited, hoping he’d go away.  Jarvis just stood there, his tray tucked neatly under his arm, his expression vaguely curious, as if he was checking in on last night’s score on a baseball game he really didn’t care about.  Tony sighed and reached for his coffee cup.  “Yes,” he said, trying to drown the word in the depths of his cup.
“I have no idea,” Jane said.
He’d feel guilty about putting her at risk like this, because if Obie found out, Mrs. Arbogast would be the one to pay the price.  But he never got used to being hungry.
Once upon a time, but time is broken.
“Ooo, I know a few high status ladies who would be happy to lower themselves to your level,” Jan said.  She fluttered her eyelashes.  “All, all, AAAAAALL the way down.”
"That's my job," Marcy said.  She shifted her weight, her head tipping to the side. "Are we ready?"
Tony grinned.  “Yeah, Fury must be discussing this with a great deal of enthusiasm,” he said, because he'd been on the other side of that discussion more than once.  “Gyrich, what is it after?”
“It depends if Hulk is about to kill a Government spook,” Coulson said.
“This explains the damage to the walls in the vestibule,” Jan said. “Doesn’t it?”
Obie straightened his jacket with a flick of his hands, glaring at Jarvis as he stalked past.  As he approached the bed, Bruce collected his tray of instruments.  “I’ll just, I’ll go clean up,” he said, his head down.  “If you need me?”
Drew groaned.  Shawn just grinned at him, waiting patiently for him to come to terms with the inevitable.  Finally, Drew nodded.  “Fine.  But I want blue cheese dressing.”
He wanted to ask why, but her eyes were shuttered now, blank and empty, her smile a polite mask, and instead, he asked, “What do you make?”
“Good, go ask him where he lives.”
"Evening, Officer Rogers."
Steve reached out, sliding a hand around Tony’s waist.  “You make Chef’s whites sexy.”
DJ thought about that.  “Tacos,” he said at last.
“Do you know what 'affordable' means?” Steve asked.
"Lies.  I'm a menace to myself and others," Tony said, pressing his hands to his eyes.  But Steve could hear the smile in his voice.  It was comforting.  "I merely get more charming as I get more inebriated."
“I am regretting buying chairs on wheels,” Tony said to Steve.  “Mistakes were made.”
Tony waved him off.  “It’s fine, it’s-”
"Sam and Jan are pretty well behaved, actually, so-"
“Right,” DJ said, smiling back.  From the floor, Franklin groaned, and DJ's eyes rolled up to the ceiling.  “Well, she is.”
Steve traded cartons with him.  “So...  You behaved yourself?” he asked.  Tony considered taking offense at that, but it was kind of comforting that Steve knew better.
“Oh, like you'd be throwing yourself into that shark pit,” Tony said.  He rolled his shoulders, then his neck, flexing his fingers as he did.  “I want the suit.”
Hank mumbled something under his breath, already focused back on his work.  Tony watched him for a moment, a fond smile creeping over his face.  “Useless,” he said, hefting the box onto his shoulder.
With a force of will, he smoothed his shirt back into place, and let his hand fall back to his side.
“Because unlike me,” Tony said, “you have a tendency to learn from experience.”  He tucked his hands in his pockets.  “Tell you what.  If we live through this meeting with Fury and Hill, I'll let you make plans.”
“You didn’t tell them?” Harris asked, surprised.
Obie reached for his jacket.  “I had assumed you’d tire of that child, the way you’ve tired of every other toy you’ve been given.  I had thought I could simply wait you out.  I’ve waited you out for every other fixation you’ve found, your entire, worthless life.”
Steve stared at the sky, his jaw locked, his hands braced on his hips.  Sam patted him gently on the shoulder.  “You can swear,” he said, his voice sympathetic.  “This is a swearing situation, Steve.”
DJ looked at Tony, confusion written all over his face.  Tony smiled over the rim of his cup. “Jarvis says hi,” he translated.
Tony rocked back on his heels, his hands tucked in his pants pockets, his shoulders pushed back.  "It shouldn't, but for a lot of people, it will.  People will look at you differently, treat you differently, see you differently."
Steve could see Tony across the room, but he was heading in Steve’s direction, chatting easily with Maria Hill, stirring a cup of cocoa with a candy cane.  He was laughing at something she was saying, and Maria was smiling, her posture relaxed.
Phil took a deep breath.  “It was a good picture.”
“Might,” he agreed.  He crossed to the table, and Harris moved his feet out of the way so DJ could take a seat.  “How did you get here?” DJ asked the cat.
"Why is it that you people bring up oppression every time you're told you can't have your way?"
“Oh my god,” Darcy said, her voice reverent.  “I want one.”
“Including the kitchens?” Rhodey asked, his voice pitching upwards.
Smiling to himself, he went to work, slicing into the onion with one swift, clean stroke.
Miss Potts looked up from filling her cup.  "Yes, thank you."  She held up the tea pot.  "Would you like a cup? Or some soup?"
There was a shirt hanging at the end of the bed, and Tony reached for it.  “And let me know the minute Happy’s back.”
“I'm told I rant,” he said, flicking his thumb over the surface of his phone.
“I'm going to go join her,” Tony said, and Steve's hands were on his waist, pulling him in until his back was braced against Steve's front.
He expected the silence.  It hurt anyway.
“I don’t think any of you know how hard it is to get a caterer this close to the holidays,” she said, her hands on her hips.  Her head tipped to the side, her neat bob bouncing against the line of her chin.  “We don’t have that many choices.  I’m just lucky that I have a certain social capital here.”
“We're all just rebels here,” Clint said, as DJ drew his legs up tight against his chest.  “Give us a listing of all of the super secret video files from the 'Definitely not for DJ' folder, please?”  The screen came up, and he glanced at DJ.  “Wanna watch a cartoon, or one of the movies?”
“I’d still siit, but judge you while I was doing it,” Stark said, his cheeks creasing in a quick smile.  “And I’d drink both of these while you suffered your way through the sour dregs in your cup.”
“They're fine!”  Steve managed to grab the trailing leg of a pair of pants and used it to drag Jan to a stop.  “Give me my clothes,” he said, trying not to laugh.
Very little, as it turned out.
“No, this is my favorite spot in the penthouse,” Steve said. He looked down at his sketchbook. “Thought I'd enjoy it while I could.”
And then it stopped.
“A compelling argument,” Tony said, amused.  He tucked the piece of bacon into his mouth like a cigar and reached for the silver bowl of fruit salad.  “Want to know a better one?  Pants.”
“I'll keep that in mind.”  She looked down at the monitors.  “Have a good day, Steve.”
It was a little too loud, a little too sharp, and Coulson looked up, his eyebrows arching.  Tony took a deep breath, doing his best to get himself back under control.  "Why,” he repeated, much quieter this time.  “Why.   Is the press here?"
“I don’t have to put up with this, you know.  I have other places I could be right now,” Tony said, and they both knew it was a lie.
Natasha poured a cup of coffee, holding it out to Bruce.  “Well, what?” she asked.
“Right, but how will choux help?”
“This whole thing was his idea,” Tony pointed out.
“Right, I don’t love you, not even a little, I’m bringing you up on charges for stealing my tech.”  Iron Man’s hand brushed against his hair, and Tony realized that the awkward angle of his fingers had a purpose.  Not once had he held his hand so the repulsor faced DJ.
Fingers, warm and firm, slipped under his chin, holding him still, and then Steve's lips brushed across his cheek.  Startled, he turned, and Steve was right there, eyes bright and gleaming in the shadows of his mask.  Tony felt his face heat, an embarrassing response for a man of his age, but Steve's fingers were still cradling his jaw, and his lips, lips that Tony had absolutely not had filthy, filthy thoughts about during more than one Avengers team meeting, were right there, right-
“That is quite enough,” Agatha snapped.  She hadn’t moved from her seat, her face set.  “I have no desire to discuss my motivations, you will all kindly sit down and behave yourselves.”
Clint reached for the pepper mill.  “Why wouldn’t I be?  Everyone knew Stark was a drunk, and the place barely had any staff.  What’d we have to get past?  A fence and an elderly family retainer?  It was an easy job.  Get in, get to the second floor, snag the ugliest vase I’ve ever seen from a shelf behind a door, and get back out.”
“You,” Tony said, and Clint was trying to get between him and Agatha and wasn’t having much luck.  Tony ignored him, addressing Agatha, who seemed utterly unconcerned.  “You were there last night!  At the hotel, you-” His eyes went wide.  “I know I saw you, why didn’t I-
“I’m sure,” Steve agreed.  He turned his attention back to the basket of apples.  “It was…  Quite the story.”
“No sparring, only dancing,” Jan said.  Sam and Jess ignored her, but she was used to that.  To Steve, she said, "Put on the glasses.  If he asks about them, tell him the truth.  That you had a med check today, and you were told to wear them tonight.  Which you were."  She spread her hands.  "Simple!  No lies!"
Clint leaned against the end of the pew.  “Next time, give us a little warning, okay, kid?”
“All right, maybe not, but I’d make him wear it, anyway,” Steve said.  “Is that why you’re working?  So you have money for presents?” DJ nodded, and Steve sighed.  “We just want you to be happy, buddy.  You don’t have to spend money on us.”
“Ah.” Jarvis gave the button a curious look.  “It's been so long, I hadn't thought it worked any longer.”
“What we need and what we can do are two very different things,” Happy said.  “Besides, at these speeds, if a stray dog decides to make a break across the road, we’re going to have a bad time of it, so-”
Sam’s head bobbed in a nod as they came around the corner of the path.  “Pretty sure a large part of the population also has them about Tony,” he said, making Steve laugh.  Sam grinned.  “That’s just an estimate, of course, I don’t have any published papers or peer-tested research to cite here.”
Steve was running up the street, lit from behind by the first rays of the morning sun, gilding his hair and his skin.  He was wearing a pair of running shorts and a too tight white t-shirt, an outfit that should not have been half as attractive as it was.
“Excuse me, sir, do you have the time?”
Steve smiled, his breath coming a little too hard, a little too fast.  “I did.  Twice, actually.”  Tony’s face was flushed, his pupils big and dark. “I think it’s your turn.”
“Already told him,” Clint said, balancing a bowl of eggs in the palm of one hand.  “So Stark found me in the library, robbing him.  The question is, where did Nat find me?”
Fury glanced at him, but it was Logan who answered.  “They were going for a baseline,” he said, one finger flicking against his bicep.  “Wanted to see who'd end up on their side.
Tony stirred, his head coming up for a second before subsiding back down to his chest.  He mumbled something under his breath, and Steve caught himself smiling at him, affection sweeping over him.  “You're going to make this as difficult as possible, aren't you?” he asked.
DJ nodded.  "Trains," he said, picking up Tony's spoon and rolling the stem between his fingertips.  "And animals."
“And I made banana bread,” Jane said, carrying a platter in each hand. “Because I forgot about the bananas when I we, you know, went to Asgard.”  She was wearing a pair of red and purple plaid pajama pants and what appeared to be one of Thor’s sweatshirts, the arms rolled up so they didn’t trail over her hands.
“You fail to-” Clint’s head fell back, and he was still laughing to himself.  “No.  There is zero chance we’re eloping, Phil, so, yeah, that was a lie that you should have immediately recognized as a lie.  Like.  Instantly.”
“You were here making words and swearing at your computer under your breath, and I was out there.”  Jesse waved an idle hand in the air.  “Investigating.  Reporting.  Investigative reporting.”
Tony stared after him, his heart thudding in his throat.  Pepper touched his arm.  “Happy's here,” she said, and she steered him through the lobby doors and out to the car.  Happy hopped out, opening the back door for them, his eyebrows arched and his mouth hanging open just a little.  But he didn't say a word, just waited for them to both settle in the back seat.
“I don't know where that came from, honestly.  I panicked.  I was acting on instinct, and as we all know, most of my instincts involve weapons, and firing them wildly at the threat.  Lacking missiles, I find all sorts of other ways to destroy my life,” Tony said.  “Also, did you miss the part where we're married?”  He shoved a hand through his hair, disordering the strands.  “Because that's  the important part.  Right?  The part where I MARRIED HIM?”
“I’m so close to breaking up with you right now, you have no idea,” Steve told him, and it was so obviously a lie that Tony just grinned up at him, brilliant and beautiful.  Steve scowled back.  “Don’t push it.”
“Aren’t you going to ask me what the video is?” Bucky asked.
DJ groaned.  “It is, what-”
“I don’t see why,” Steve said, turning the page of his book.  “Clint’s snoring doesn’t bother me much and Darcy seems like a trustworthy sort.”
Pepper blinked at him.  "The TRELLIS?"
Tony made a face.  “I love you, but that cinnamon roll was the size of my head.  If I finished it, I'd be a lot sicker than I am now.”  He squinted in the general direction of the oven.  “I'd take a slice of bread when it's done, though.”
Steve crossed his arms over his chest.  “It’s worth a try,” he said, and he was trying to smile.  “I’ll talk to Thor and his people, see if they have any advice.”
DJ considered that, turning the words, and their logic, over in his mind.  “Why?” he asked at last.
“C'mon, man, wanna put the hardware away?” Clint asked, as Callie shifted against his side.  “She's had a day.  Maybe don't add to that?”
Steve looked at Bobbi.  “Hawkeye speaks English, obviously,” Bobbi said, her eyebrows arched.
Tony considered that.  And the fact that the thing was possibly chewing on the spine of one of his ledgers.  "I'm not going to lie," he said at last.  "I'm not sure that would be wise.  Or legal."
She didn’t move.  “I’m experiencing-” Her nose wrinkled.  “A slight deficit in funds.”
“There's a bottle of champagne chilling in the stand,” Happy said. He held up his phone. “Internet's going nuts, you did good, Cap.”
It was his fault.  All of it was his fault.  And there were always consequences.
Tony nodded  “If you want.”  He scooped his paperwork back into a folder, and started in on the rest of the mess.  He held out a wrench to DJ.  “Will you put this away for m?”
“Going,” Clint said, and he was, up the dark, quiet hallway, his bare feet silent on the polished floor.  There was something about the still, empty moments of the early morning, when nothing was moving, nothing was real.  There was a light on in the living room, and Clint took a deep breath, rolling his shoulders.  “Please,” he said, under his breath, for himself and only himself.  “Please don't let me make this worse.  Please.”
“Be real, Reg, they'd be staked out in front of the new hot club in town, waiting for the newest hot mess celebrity to drown their holiday sorrows in overpriced liquor,” Tony said, eyeing the door.  “If I'm not through in five minutes, come out and tase someone, okay?”
"Do I get a vote?" Tony asked.
One of the girls, a tall, lanky teenager in a pair of heavy military style boots and a flowing dress, caught his hand.  The other, a shorter girl with long black curls and round pink cheeks, grabbed his other arm.  Together, they pulled him forward.
“True, I do love your mother almost as much as my own,” she mused, and he fought a losing battle to keep a straight face.  Nakia crossed her arms over her chest, the reins dangling from her fingers.  “But if you’ll excuse me, your majesty, I’m negotiating here.”
Duck reached for his coffee.  “And that's why I'm still the editor, even after all these years.”  He took a sip from his cup.  “I'm sorry, Ning.  If you want a byline, you need more proof than a single photo and a blurry photocopy of a license that could've been signed by anyone with an asshole sense of humor.”
“I have class today,” DJ agreed.  He looked at the clock that Jarvis kept running for him at all times.  He should be getting ready.  “Soon.”
“Do we have a problem with that?” Jan asked her, eyebrows arching.
"It is occasionally a problem," Jarvis agreed.  He fell into step right behind Tony.
Steve realized he was smiling.  "It really doesn't.  It changes..."  He shook his head, the movement slow.  "It changes nothing."
“The flowers, darling,” Carol said, her voice amused, as Jan let her head fall into her folded arms.
“There’s a drain,” Tony said, rubbing his hands through Steve’s hair.
“I have no memory of making a video, let alone uploading one, I assume it all happened after the drinking happened-”
“NO,” Jan told her.
DJ took it with a smile.  “Thank,” he said, settling it on ihs head.
Tony gave him a look, and Steve struggled maintain a straight face.  “Well, you did ask,” he pointed out.
“Yeah, I was…”  Steve’s jaw went tight.  “I was done.”
Steve kissed his temple, his cheekbone, his lips tickling Tony's skin.  “I found a corner and watched you mingle, feeling pathetic and trying to remind myself I didn't stand a chance.”
Steve shook his head.  “No, I’m-  I’m all right.”
“We’re in Vegas, buddy, guys my size are probably their prime clientele for the sexy varient,” Clint said.  He held up the Iron Hero bag, giving it a little shake.  “Your choice.  I”m pretty sure they’ve got five of these.  Or I can just load up on Sexy Iron Scouts.”
He grabbed the bag.  “Great.  Let's go.”
“That word has lost all meaning,” Tony said, skipping sideways as Steve gave him a gentle kick in the shin.  “Yes.  We’re ready, why do you-”
Here, too, people plied their trade, on a smaller scale.  A cobbler sat on the street in front of his shop door, enjoying the sunshine.  A man walked by at a swift pace, a tray of buns braced on his shoulder.  Small stalls clustered against the buildings, half shaded by heavy cloth awnings that had been built into the walls or held up with wooden poles.  Beneath them, a tailor mended a ripped pair of pants, a tinker perched amongst his wares, and an old lady sat by a large kettle, stirring the contents with a long handled spoon.  A rickety table next to her held stacks of wooden bowls and a loose pile of spoons.  She barely spared him a glance before returning to her work, her head bent over the pot.
Tony’s chin dipped in a nod.  “Well, the bad news is that he’s definitely involved.  The good news?”  he said, with a wry smile.  “Finding him won’t be hard.”  Steve glanced at him, and Tony met his eyes, his face tight.  “He’s locked up in the sub basement.”
“You don’t have to-” Steve started, and Tony waved him off.
“I’m getting that,” Steve said.  “I’ll make it up to her.”
Steve’s eyes closed.  “Promise?”
“How badly?” Tony asked, and Jarvis’ mouth went tight.  Tony’s heart sank.  “Did he break anything?”
“No, it’s fine,” Tony said, taking another quick sip.  This time, he was prepared for the burn, and the heat settled low in his stomach, a comforting, familiar warmth.  “Tell me what’s happening at the factory.”
Steve turned back towards the couch, a glass of water in one hand and a bottle of pills in the other.  “Tony.”
Steve tried to nod.  “Better,” he said.  “Sorry.”
Steve’s head tipped forward.  “Guess I’m going,” he said to Sam, who grinned at him.
Tony stared after him, a faint sense of unease settling low in the pit of his stomach.  He stabbed a finger against the screen, closing the video.  Next to him, Steve shifted his weight, drawing Tony's attention.  “What was that all about?” he asked, his voice low.
“And pretty sure that Bruce is sitting on him to keep him there,” Clint added.
Steve reached for his water glass, his fingers just hovering over the surface of the crystal.  It wasn't right.  But he didn't know why.  He picked up his glass.  "Merry Christmas," he said, tapping the rim of his glass against Tony's.
“His word is worth more than your coin,” she said, filling a second bowl with a healthy serving of rice, and pouring a ladle of chopped meat and vegetables over the top.  She held it out to Steve with a wide grin.  ‘But if you like it, I’ll gladly empty your purse the next time you’re hungry.”
It wasn’t much.  But it was real, and that was enough.
DJ’s nose scrunched up.  Tony waited for him to think about that.  “Yes,” he said at last.
“Know who does have the legs for it?” Clint said, holding the costume in front of Tony, who pushed it away with one disdainful finger.
“I hate you so much, Wilson,” Steve said, and Sam was laughing at him, even as he planted a hand on Steve's face and pushed him away.
“It’s so cute you think that he’s figured out any of my secrets,” Tony mused.
Jess ignored her.  “I've only one thing to say and that's-”
“And what do you intend to do about it?” Stark asked him.  “Throw yourself in front of the bullet?” He tossed the letter onto the pile, and turned back around, his hands on his hips, staring up at the ceiling.  The massive lighting fixture had been halfway removed, chunks of the metal frame and wires trailing down towards the table.  “I don't have time for this foolishness.  Jarvis, where is-”
Steve grinned.  “Yeah, they’re…  They’re really good.”  He stood, heading for the coffee pot.  “There’s four in the bag, I’d say don’t eat them all at once, but that’s a lot easier said than done.”
Steve pulled away. “That doesn’t sound like you at all,” he said with an easy smile.
“Tony?”
“If I had to guess, I’d say he was just wary of how it looks, you know?”
He didn't really believe it, but he could at least try.
His voice trailed away, and Steve nodded. “Thought you could take one home for them.”
“Or, you know, we could just find them and put a bullet in them,” Bucky offered.
“I can just take those back out-” Steve said, and Carol held the trash bag up.  As everyone watched, she gave it a brief, violent shake.
He didn't know how to say this.  His leg jerked, his heel rattling against the floor.  Next to him, Sam was still and quiet.  Waiting with his usual patience.
Tony busied himself with his coffee.  “Right.  Look, I know-”
“No.  Just.”  Steve shrugged.  “You learn something new every day.”
Steve stared at her, but the boy just shrugged again, his chin coming up.  "It's New York.  I mean, the possibilities are endless."
Steve poured two cups, downing half of his as he headed back to the bedroom.  He paused in the doorway.  “I have coffee.”
“DJ’s broke,” Tony said.
"How boring your dinners must be," Thor said, cradling his wine glass in the palm of his hand.  "Why do your people have children, if they merely place them in back rooms until they are adults?"  He waved the glass through the air.  “Why would you invite this fine boy here, only to deny him a seat at the table?”
Tony stared at him, his coffee cup hovering in front of his lips.  "No," he said at last.
“Waking Steve,” Jarvis said, with such perfect timing that Tony wished that he it was possible to punch his AI.  He could probably go downstairs and punch a server or something, but doing that in a towel was just asking for trouble.
“I’ve eaten worse for breakfast,” Steve admitted, pulling a chair away from the breakfast bar.  “But knowing the state of this place-” He nodded at the bag in Rhodey’s hand.  “I did bring an offering.”
“As there is no one else here in the room, or-” He slashed a hand through the air.  “Or anywhere else that I can find, that question was aimed in your general direction.”
Tony leaned into his body, enjoying the ache of it.  “Yeah, well, then you figure out the door, because it’s been a long few days and I’m-”
Steve's mouth worked for a painfully long time before he managed to form words.  "How can I help you?"
“Put your feet down,” Jarvis said, not looking up from his work.   “I can’t keep you from gossiping, I can keep you from destroying the furniture.”  He smoothed the cloth along the curves of the teapot.  “I believe we should to take comfort from the fact that we are no longer working at cross purposes.”
Bucky disappeared back behind the horse, and she pressed a hand to her face.  “No one is falling off their horses!”
“I can still have you boxed up and put in a museum somewhere,” he said, hopping to his feet.  “You'd make a good exhibit. I might get a tax write-off for it.”
He collected the tray.  “Roger's good enough, and they know it, Miss.  If you need to trust a copper, well, you can't do better."  He peered at her cup.  "Can I get you more tea?"
“Next time I'm bringing the suit.”
“I cannot BELIEVE-” Steve said, and Tony reached back over his shoulder to pat him on the arm.
“Poetic, isn’t it?” Moondragon mused.  She peeled a bit of the croissant away, savoring the single bite with a smile.
DJ’s fingers closed on the front of Tony’s shirt, holding on tight.  “Yes.”
“Backups,” Tony said.  “Two’s better than one, it’s a good idea to have backups, that way if-”
“Do you want to go back upstairs and take a nap?”
“I'm implying that I'm pretty sure that you're a skrull, and I'm also implying that I'm probably okay with that if you don't leave your dirty socks in the middle of the bathroom floor again,” Tony said.  He took a step back, and Steve caught his hand.
He shouldn’t do it.  He knew better.  Two traps in one night was a lot, even for him.  Especially for him.  He should learn from his mistakes.  Hadn’t Bucky always said that?  That maybe, just once, Steve would learn from something dumb he’d done.
“Came by, regular as clockwork, with more than enough to share,” she said.  She brushed a kiss against the baby’s forehead, letting her lips settle there against his skin.  “Don’t you worry, Officer Rogers, I made sure everyone got enough to get by.”  She met his eyes, her face curious.  “Was it true, what he said?  That you’d been given an assignment.from the Mayor himself?”
DJ burrowed down behind his knees.  "Yes," he said at last.
Rogers caught his arm, dragging him to a stop.  “It’s his father,” he said, and Tony stared at him, the words ringing in his ears.  Rogers gave him a shake, a small one, but enough.  “The armors-  Recognize each other, it’s his father, it’s Tony, he wouldn’t do it unless-”
“Hey.”  DJ looked up, and Tony tried to smile.  “There are people,” he said, the words clumsy on his tongue, “who are going to call you weak.  Who are going to say that you should be able to do things that you can’t, because they can.  So why can’t you?  They’ll tell you that you’re difficult, that you’re wrong, that you’re…  Weak.”
“Let’s workshop that, shall we?” Natasha said as Steve made a desperate break for the door.
“Decorate!” Tony yelled, heading for the stairs.
“Stop slut shaming me, Jarvis,” he said, toweling off his arms and chest.  The rattle of the dog tags falling back against the arc reactor had him pausing for a moment, his hands hanging in mid air.
Fury’s eye shut, a momentary shudder running over him.  He took a deep breath, rocking back in his chair.  “Yeah, when you put it like that, cross-dimensional travel seems a lot more palatable.”  He looked at Tony.  “Can you recreate the system you used to get him back last time?”
“The bare minimum?”
“Because I need a friend in the press, and I thought it might be you.”
DJ leaned his chin into his knees.  “Thought maybe the zoo.  But this seemed better.”
She glared at him.  “So, because I'm a lesbian, I see queer people everywhere?” she asked.
He met DJ’s eyes with a smile.  “You don’t have to.  I know this place is…  Big.  And lonely.  The only kid here is Peter, and he’s not much of a kid, he never was.”  He held up a hand, finger and thumb almost touching.  “Tiny adult from the day I met him, so, maybe having you around has helped.  But other than him…”
“Hello, my friend,” Agatha said, holding out a hand, her palm up.  “Have you brought me news?”
“Stop,” Steve said, laughing as he hopped out the back door of the truck. “Please.  Just-”  Tony was met him halfway, at the back door, and Steve shook his head.  “Just stop.”
Steve leaned down, this kiss soft and reverent.  “Good enough,” he agreed.
“You’ve got some good stuff back here,” Clint agreed.
Steve pinched the bridge of his nose, trying not to laugh.  “Tony…”
Jan clapped her hands.  “Oh, I do love that man.  Perhaps next Wednesday?”
Tony paused.  “Yo ho ho,” he said, droll, and Steve threw a pillow at him.  Laughing, he ducked out of the room, heading for the wine closet.  The sound of cheesy eighties rock ballads chased him down the hallway.
“It is, sir.” Jarvis sounded amused.  Which was rather unkind of him.
“I'll take responsibility with the press,” Steve said, and for an instant, Tony didn't think he was going to move.  And when he did move, it was to come closer, levering himself up so his lips were right there, right next to Tony's, so close that all either of them had to do was move an inch to close the distance.
“Why did you call Clint?” Tony asked Darcy.
“I didn't get fired,” Bobbi pointed out.
Apparently, sex made him stupid.
“You ate three boxes of custard tarts, told us you had done your part, pulled three chairs together, and went to sleep,” Steve said, smiling down at his computer.
She sighed.  “Uh-huh.”  She picked up a coffee cup from a nearby table.  “If he heads for the flat top, I’m going to have to call for security.”
Steve grinned.  “Probably.”  He braced his hands on the bench, leaning back.  “Just so you know, I have sketchbooks of you, too.”
Pepper straightened back up, hovering a fingertip over the gleaming surface of her tablet.  “Check the database.”
“Good.” Tony pulled a few bills from his wallet and folded them over between his fingers and thumb. “Take Mr. Hammer here, and-” He leaned in, whispering a few words into Happy's ear. Happy's eyebrows twitched, but he nodded.
"Mr. Stark was speaking French."
Tony considered that, his eyes narrowing.  “Yes,”  he said at last. “As it turns out, I can.”
Jess and Carol looked at each other.  As one, they looked at Rhodey.  Rhodey looked at Peter.  Peter groaned.  Tony held up a hand.  “Right.  Right.  Can we start at the beginning?” he said.
“Hospital?” Happy tossed the boy sitting on the hood of the car a silver dollar.  The kid snagged it from midair with a grin, hopping down.  “Thanks for keeping an eye on things, buddy.”
Steve realized he was gripping the doorknob hard enough to bend it.  He forced his fingers free.  “I’ll pay for-”
The simple, compact, well-join’d scheme, myself disintegrated, every one disintegrated yet part of the scheme,
Steve's eyes rolled up towards the ceiling.  “I tried to invite you over the first night that we got together, Stark, you were the one who decided we'd be better off going back to your place.”
It was too early for dawn.
Franklin nodded, but Val's eyebrows drew up.  “How long?”  DJ looked at her.  “DJ, how long did you wait?”
He set the tray down on the desk with a surprising amount of grace.  The teapot, cup and saucer, sugar bowl and milk pot barely moved across the surface, and he gave her a bright grin.  "Would you like tea, Miss?"
“I’ll try,” Coulson said.  He didn’t sound like he meant it.
“Don’t-”  He barely got the word out before Tony was through the door and out of site.  Biting back a curse, Steve set off after him, his feet eating up the distance.  Steve ducked around the panel, stepping out into the crisp night air.  “Tony!”
“I can do it,” Peter said.  She looked at him, her mouth a thin line, and he rushed on before she could stop him.  “His room’s on the other side of the house, he’s probably still asleep, right?” He looked at Jarvis.  “You can go down and, and talk to Mr. Stark, and Aunt May, you can call Miss Potts, she and Mr. Rhodes know who to call at the factories, don’t they?  And then when you’ve talked to her, you can come get DJ, but if DJ’s asleep, I can just stay with him, make sure that if he DOES wake up, he won’t be scared, but if he’s still asleep, why not let him sleep, and-”
"Because everyone has at least one solid gold, bulletproof kink," Jan said.  "Sometimes it's tight leather.  Or lacy underthings.  Or the sexy librarian look."  She paused.  "I do a mean sexy librarian."
Steve managed a smile.  “I know,”  he said.  He took the blown glass ornaments from Tony.  “It's just... Not what I was expecting.”
"In honor of our young guest, Mrs. Parker has made strawberry shortcake," Jarvis said.  To DJ, he explained, “It's one of her specialties.  Quite good.”
Gyrich's head turned in his direction, a smile creasing his face.  “What makes you think you're not in the middle of a fight right now, Captain?”
"I'm concerned that you keep coming back to the firing squad, it's really not healthy."
“Get back inside,” Steve said.  “It’s too dark, we don’t know-”
“Right,” Steve said, and Tony smiled at him.
“Not a Stark,” Harris said, and everyone looked at him.  He shrugged.  “I’m…  I’m just making that clear.  I’m-” He tried for a smile.  “I’m not a Stark.”
Steve waited.  “A French Chef?” he asked at last, and she laughed.
“I'll give you a head start.”
Steve resisted the very real urge to strangle him.  “Buck!”
“Okay.”  DJ smiled at him.  “Don’t tell dad?”
“Steve's in my bed,” he said, and Rhodey stopped.
“Upstairs,” Bruce said, and yes, he was the shadowy form by the windows.
Clint nodded.  "And I don't."
Sue realized that she was staring at him, her mouth hanging open.  She gave her head a quick shake and crouched down.  "Hello, there," she said, giving the little boy a smile.  He smiled back, and her mind was going a mile a minute.  There were so many questions, she didn't even know where to start.  She opened her mouth.  “Where are your shoes?”  That, at least, was a logical question with an answer she could probably understand.
“So, what do you suggest?” Steve asked, and he was proud of himself.  His voice was steady and almost calm.  “That I leave the force to them?” He laughed, and it sounded broken.  “There are people who depend on me, Tony.”
Steve made a considering sound under his breath.  "Five years now?" Steve leaned an elbow on the counter.  "Of course, that was before we got into this line, so I'd guess about six now, maybe seven-"
Incredulous, Steve looked over his shoulder.  Bucky was peering over the top of the staircase, a malevolent presence, glaring across the floor at him.  “This is my apartment,” Steve pointed out.  “This is-”  He shook his head.  “Go home, Buck, you pay rent somewhere, can you put that to good use and actually go home?”
Jarvis let out a little chuckle.  “Mr. Stark was quite adept at making sure his things were very durable,” he said.  From some interior pocket, he'd pulled a large white handkerchief and was wiping down the bedside table, whisking dusk away from the ornate glass lamp.  “And there is nothing he can break that can't be easily replaced.”
The man shrugged.  “Kid came with some paperwork, his bicycle’s out front.  Guess he’s waiting for a reply before he can take off back to the office what sent him.”  He leaned back against the side of the house, his arms crossed over his chest.  His nightstick swung back, banging against the house with a dull thud.  “They’ll be keeping an eye on him down in the kitchen.”
Steve gave his consent, he wanted the maximum height reduction possible, his baby would be small and delicate in constant need his love, care and protection whether regressed or big.
After his knot deflated, he stripped her out of her clothes leaving her just in her stockings and heels, as he fucked her cunt.  Her gasps and cries egged him on to batter against her cervix, his balls slapping her swollen sex, sending jolts of agony through her body.  The wanton bitch could no longer look him in the eye for more that a few seconds and her skin was cool to the touch, not a hint of the latent heat of extremis.  Bruce had really come through with his serum, now it just remained to be seen if Pepper would be more amenable and easier to deal with in the morning.
He rolled the fat, nipples between his fingers, warming them up, letting the blood flow back into them after removing the clamps, he left he clit on in the chain dangling, the solid weight of the chain and nipple clamps would pull on Stark’s clit.
Steve finished off quickly in his omega’s mouth, wanting to take the edge off before he introduced Tony to his Playroom.
Non con throughout,  Pepper and Tony are manipulated and coerced.
Tony couldn’t help but sob as his body betrayed him once more, melting in submission under his Alpha.
There is not going to be much hope for the Omega Rights Movement now its leading proponent is bonded and probably going to become the epitome of omega behaviour according to his Alpha.
