“What an arrogant sod you are, John Watson! First, you come on to me and when I refuse you, you don’t respect that but only come on to me stronger. Then you give me some lame apologies, claiming you’re not like every other arrogant Alpha out there. And now you’re doing this.  You’ve changed tactics, haven’t you? Saw your opportunity in there and went straight for it.”
He told himself to take a few deep breaths and immediately concentrated on his task. After a few minutes he managed to calm down a little and he settled back into his pillows. He was still feeling very strange: kind of excited but all the same terrified and he didn’t know why. But he couldn’t look at Sherlock anymore, it was too distracting somehow, so he turned onto his other side to stare at the wall. He forced his eyes closed and tried to relax although his body was stiff as a board.
With new determination John got up from the bench, then he remembered Greg and sent him a quick text.
They had been discovered by the two murdering siblings in the midst of Sherlock working his way through the remaining clues in their hideout. The consulting detective hadn’t even looked concerned when the brothers responsible for killing eight people in sixteen days had pointed their loaded guns on them and demanded they go with them.
“John….” A sob escaped Sherlock’s throat and John wanted to throttle him, scream at him to tell him what was wrong.
(See the end of the chapter for
One and a half hours later and they still had a good time. The food was gone but they had their fourth glass of beer in front of them. Well, at least Greg and John had, Sherlock was on his second glass, but it was nearly untouched. John understood, his friend wanted to maintain a clear mind. That was totally okay, but he himself didn’t mind the small buzz the alcohol in his blood provided. He was relaxed, he was with friends and he was having fun.
“I’m sorry, John, “Greg murmured, “I tried to tell him that there was nothing special going on but then he heard the sirens in the background, and he cornered me. What should I have done? Lie? You know that wouldn’t have worked, he always knows when I try that.” He shrugged at John helplessly and John gave an imperceptible grunt. He knew it wasn’t Greg’s fault.
“I really hope this is okay, “John reiterated. “I have no idea if this is considered appropriate or not.”
John felt a surge of compassion for her, she must have been worried out of her mind since he had called her earlier that night. He also felt gratitude for having another one of Sherlock's friends nearby and feel the same pain he felt, feel the same concern he had for him.
“Seven.”
Sherlock smiled at that. Greg could be quite annoying most of the time, but he had proven himself to be loyal and caring. He had covered Sherlock’s back uncountable times and he sensed that the man liked him despite his endless moaning and complaining when Sherlock bustled around on one of his crime scenes.
he tried to argue weakly.
He had been arrogant, stupid, and blind. Anyone who behaved like he had deserved to suffer the consequences of his actions.
“No, “Scott said and the sound of his deep baritone made something curl inside John - until he realized what he had just said.
John offered his hand and Sherlock hesitantly took it. John rose and pulled Sherlock up with him. They stood toe to toe and at once John’s body reacted to the renewed but different closeness. His heart beat in his throat as he looked directly into Sherlock’s still wide eyes, his slightly open mouth, his expression of utter confusion slowly disappearing. He smelled nice. His raven hair shone in the light that fell through the window and John thought it would probably feel wonderful to let his hand run through it, to feel the soft curls between his fingers.
“Of course it’s true, “Scott said, his anger audibly rising. “Professor Arendsen is a renowned toxicologist in his field.”
In this second, Sherlock hated himself for sounding like a pathetic, weak Omega and the feeling was even worse when he saw Magnussen smirk at his timid response.
Let this brazen, selfish Alpha find himself another weak Omega to play around with.
“I’m not his date!” he had told Angelo on that very first evening.
“Come on, “John urged, his smile turning into something fonder, more honest as he noticed the endearing way Sherlock’s brow furrowed in confusion. “You know how good Mrs. Hudson’s beef casserole is. Even a food critic like you can appreciate that, yes? She’ll probably come by later and ask if you had any. Just a fair warning.”
He took a cab which for once had miraculously appeared outside Scotland Yard and drove straight home. He felt anxious and nervous and also a little scared.
“I’ll see what I can do, “he said, his voice tired but grateful.
Sherlock’s eyebrow arched up and he got that smug look he often used. “Oh feeling bossy today, are we? You can’t make me do anything.”
"That's what it was" Sherlock interrupted, shaking his head. A small, disbelieving smile tugging at his lips.
"You ready?" he asked
He felt his back hit the wall as he tried to escape his racing mind. He didn't want the input from the scene anymore, he didn't want to be here.
John shook his head immediately "I didn't." then he paused, considering. "I went after Mycroft because I needed someone to shout at, because I'm- I'm fucking pissed, Sherlock. I'm so angry." he shook his head "I know it's not your brother I'm angry at, but he's the only person here, so it just-"
He wasn't even sure if they wanted him, at first; they never came in to fuck him together, save for that first time. But a nudge of someone's foot told him to get into his position- it was now something he did on command.
"Well I'm glad you like it, because it's being brought over to your flat as we speak." The DI added, breaking the tension a little bit.
But Sherlock was way too drugged, way too confused to do or say anything. It was clear from his glossed over eyes that, yes he was awake, but saying he was aware or conscious would have been a bit of a stretch. His eyes kept rolling back into his head, like he was desperately being pulled back into sleep, and for some reason his mouth was open even though he wasn't making any sound.
It was one of the most terrifying panic attacks John had ever seen. That the poor men saw Sherlock gasping for breath in John's arms and tried to help only made things worse. There was a lot of yelling involved, and John almost phoned an ambulance. When they finally made it home, the detective hid in the bathtub of all places and stayed there for over an hour with hot water running down his face.
"What's that?" the doctor asked, unconsciously licking his lips as he stared at his partner's mouth.
"Sherlock, I-" Greg started, his voice faltering.
when Sherlock had invited him to see more corpses and violence; the same part that had come running even when Sherlock texted him
It was an attempt at casualness that came out as unnatural as small talk was between them, but she was trying.
It was six in the morning when, finally, the exhausted detective felt his eyelids start drooping. He snuggled close to his army doctor, who was also half asleep, and hid his face into the man's neck. "When the case is done. We'll do it then."
But the consulting detective seemed to be in a world of his own, still thrusting ever so slightly, riding out the rest of it as he buried his face against John's neck.
For a moment it honestly looked like the detective was about to hurl the violin across the room, but then he just let it fall onto the ground. His eyes were red when he finally looked up at John.
Hands reached for the dirty trousers he wore and snapped him out of his thoughts- he immediately bucked and kicked out without thinking about it. His feet protested loudly as the action only made his pain escalate tenfold.
"You've thought about it." It wasn't a question.
Something in his lower stomach pulsed acutely every second of every day. It was such a constant state of pain that it soon became impossible for him to lift himself off the floor.
"Yeah, you would know, freak." Donovan bit back, annoyed "You get off on it" she added under her breath, but the room was small enough that everyone heard it.
"I did expect that I would enjoy the intimacy of it. And that I would enjoy knowing it was something that gave you pleasure"
He glanced to the toilet to his left, and he hated that it was steel, bolted to the floor. At that moment, had it been ceramic, he have broken it with his bare hands and slit his own throat. John would have forgiven him, surely? He would have understood?
"What do you want me to say? I have to watch it." The detective argued simply.
It was a reasonable answer, John thought, and so he nodded and leaned down to kiss his partner's lips again. "Alright"
"You tell me to stop, any time, any reason and I will, ok?" the soldier reassured, his eyes serious, but his expression loving as it always was.
What John thought had been a one-off, an experiment gone wrong, an adrenaline-fueled error in judgement, actually turned out to be the very shy beginning of something he had never expected they'd share.
His still unbroken will refused to comply, refused to willingly display himself like he was agreeing to it. He looked away and towards the wall, closing his eyes and waiting for the blow that would surely come.
Sherlock had no option but to open his eyes, and when he did he found himself staring into the smiling face of the one he'd mentally named the Leader.
Sherlock let out a frustrated noise.
"That was perfect." Sherlock murmured and his partner opened heavy eyelids to look up at him, half embarrassed and half expectant.
, Lestrade?" he barked.
"I'm not insane, John. I know the victims were raped, but that doesn't give us the motive. We don't know why they did it. And if we don't know that, we don't know how they choose the victims, where they keep them or how they're going to strike next. If we're going to stop them, we need to find out why."
When the nurse walked in, he quickly explained what happened, and the woman made her way inside hastily.
He felt himself twitch slightly at the sight of his naked lover spread out in front of him – he'd have never understood physical desire had John not come along, he was sure – and he slowly made his way towards the bed so he could join him.
He never touched the keypad, for when he was about to, one of his captors spotted him and then there was a lot of yelling and movement.
Sherlock drew in a long, steady breath that filled his lungs and left as a sigh; he nodded.
And he did get it. When John came back from Afghanistan, he never really talked about his time there, or about his injury. Of course, he wasn't left as marred by his time as a soldier as Sherlock was from his time in Serbia – well, if Mycroft was to be trusted, John's PTSD hadn't even been related to his gunshot wound, but that was a whole 'nother kettle of fish – nonetheless, he understood.
"You remember Baskerville? How my mind was playing tricks on me? I haven't felt like that since then. But today- I just-" he shook his head "I was convinced it was Moriarty."
She was crouching over something, and he heard her gasp as she pulled her hand back "It's alive" she said, clearly surprised.
"John!" he tried to call out, but his voice was barely there.
His mind had gone off a mile a minute, making calculations and tracing the ricocheting sounds of the bullets back to one of the rooms bellow. But when he threw the door open, the body he saw on the floor wasn't that of a girl.
? She literally said-" John actually couldn't bring himself to repeat it. To say the words
While John was trying his hardest not to be patronizing, the simple truth of the matter was that Sherlock couldn't move around on his own yet – or, not very far anyway. Sharing a room was the only real option; it just hadn't really dawned on either of them properly until then.
to gather data, to
"Ok, well, that's ahm- now you-" he cleared his throat "now you know. But, I don't- you don't have to- I-"
But the detective wasn't even paying him any mind. His eyes were fixed on the other chair, where Sherlock sat crossed legged, bundled up in his dressing gown.
But the doctor shook his head, the alcohol loosening him up a bit. "No. No- he- I saw it. I checked his pulse. I saw it."
"Can I-" he started, but Sherlock was nodding.
Oh, it was John now, was it? This was a 'John' conversation- and 'John' conversations meant Mycroft had either screwed up or wanted something from him. Or both.
He tried to tell himself that there was no reason for panic - this was just a crime scene. He'd been to hundreds of crime scenes; it was fine and-
"You want a plate?" John offered, completely ignoring his partner's empty words.
He was dead.
Still, the word washed over Sherlock like a balm to his soul and he closed his eyes to savor them, to savor that they had finally made it.
Realization dawned on Lestrade's face, and for a moment Sherlock was impressed that the man had actually deduced what he and John had been up to. The DI was quick to prove otherwise: "Oh, yeah. Are you feeling better? Sorry, I know you were a bit under the weather yesterday, but listen-"
John wasn't sure what Mycroft had told Greg exactly, but it seemed that the DI knew not to give Sherlock more than he could chew. The case wasn't easy enough to be patronizing, but it wasn't one that required running around. It also didn't pose the threat of running into any killers since, apparently the killer was already dead; there were two bodies, and the whole point was trying to figure out who had been the victim and who had been the murderer.
"Ok, ok! To the side, now, come on." He urged immediately, trying to move his friend enough that the worst of the vomiting landed on the floor.
"Why would they stage all this if that's what they wanted? It doesn't make any sense-"
In a moan that came out as a huff of air, Sherlock constricted almost painfully around him and John could see as the man came all over his own hand. It was an insanely beautiful sight.
Sherlock made the same offer to every single one of them that day, and all but one accepted it. It was a much welcomed break for his arse, but it came at a high cost.
Mycroft said something about needing to talk to doctors, but John wasn't listening. He was slowly approaching the bed like he half expected Sherlock to jump up at him when he reached it. But the detective lay as still as death- no, terrible comparison- still in sleep, there better.
"Look, can we please just-" the detective started, glancing towards the door like the passage of time was physically painful. "Lestrade's waiting for us." Us. That helped smooth things a bit more, too.
There was an air of efficiency to everything these men did; they were part of Moriarty's web for a reason. Before they had gotten the information they needed, they had tortured with skill and purpose; no playing with the food. They hadn't so much as looked at him. But now? Now he was fair game.
And now Sherlock looked frustrated. "What do you mean,
John didn't even think, he just placed the chart on top of the nearest surface and followed Mycroft Holmes like a drowning man in search of air.
John actually sighed in defeat, the hand clutching his decoy slumping to his side. He ran a hand over his face and then tossed the unnecessary bottle of aspirin on the couch.
The door burst open, startling both occupants of the room. And then a swarm of black-clad policemen holding rifles flooded the place, followed by Lestrade and his team.
When morning came, however, Sherlock simply put his plastic tea cup down on the table – he'd taken to having breakfast sat down on the cushioned wooden chair with John, rather than propped up on an excess of pillows on his bed – and said "I want to go home."
The scar on his right leg from the surgery – they had to put metal in there, apparently – was also healed. But it was the large incision that ran down Sherlock's entire stomach that still kept him hunching when he walked and groaning when he moved too fast; John hadn't seen it yet, and hopefully the detective could keep it that way.
With his heart beating in his throat he leaned forward, almost on his tiptoes, and closed the distance between them; his lips pressing ever so softly, chastely, against his flatmate's. It was the culmination of years' worth of waiting, of hundreds of unspoken words and missed opportunities, and yet it did not hold any of that weight- it was light as a feather and it filled both men with a sense of peace.
Their relationship had him on edge all the time; it was like being a teenager all over again. Sherlock only had to look at him with those piercing pale eyes of his and John would be wrapped around his little finger.
Pause. Sherlock started to type something into his keyboard. After a few moments, he realized Mycroft was still staring at him, apparently waiting for a reaction.
“John?” Greg looked at him with raised eyebrows.
Would it deny him access yet again?
John was at a loss. “But...I was with Molly. I wasn’t going to do anything with her. She’s bonded, you know that! We only talked.”
Someone behind him snickered quietly and John glanced behind his shoulder to see the Alphas he had seen last time, the ones with the porn magazines, sitting a few rows behind him, elbowing each other with lewd grins on their faces.
“Sherlock! There you are.”
John told himself that it would be no big deal to him if Scott rejected him today. But still, he felt nauseous as they entered the lecture hall and when his eyes almost immediately found the pale young student in the first row, a surge of adrenaline shot through his body, making his heart pound in his chest like mad. He swallowed and looked to the ground, taking a deep breath to calm himself. Then he began walking down the stairs, trying not to trip over his feet in his nervousness.
“Yeah, it’s me, “he said as he got some gum out of his pocket, unwrapped it, and thrust it into his mouth. While he lazily chewed on his strawberry-flavoured gum - his favourite - he moved to stand in front of his huge panorama windows looking down into the urban area of Kensington, thousands of people walking below, tiny and meaningless like ants.
Softly, and with his heart hammering in his chest, John hooked his arms around Sherlock’s back and under his knees and lifted him up once more. Sherlock moaned very quietly and pressed his face into the base of John’s throat, but he didn’t wake up. John swallowed and raised one leg very carefully, stepping over the edge of the bathtub. When he was sure of his balance, he put the other leg over, pulling Sherlock with him in his arms and stepping underneath the spray of the shower.
John winced. So he
He then cleaned Sherlock’s split lip and washed away the blood on his face and neck. He slipped the thermometer into Sherlock’s mouth and was relieved when the result was 37.2, which was okay.
It was disconcerting, to say the least.
As John went for the door opener, he turned his head. “Please don’t work yourself up too much again, Sherlock. Your body still is weak, you’ll faint again if you overexert yourself.” Sherlock did not reply, he just stared into the empty space in front of him.
“Oi, careful there.” A steady hand reached out, cupped his face, and lowered him back to the mattress. “You’re still weak, you mustn’t overdo it, Sherlock. Alright?”
John was still staring at the phone in his hand, his eyes wide and unbelieving. But then he blinked, and he hang up the phone, his shoulders slumped, his body strangely relaxed.
“Are you alright, John?”
That’s when he was hit with sudden nausea. Reacting quickly, he turned, dropped to his knees, and vomited into the toilet. Like last time, there wasn’t much in his belly and soon he was only coughing up bile. He leaned his face against the cold toilet seat, exhausted, wishing he could just fall asleep. Make everything go away, he didn’t want to deal with it anymore.
“Would you let me take a quick look at you?” John tried not to sound too eager. He knew that although technically he was Sherlock’s doctor, right now in this hospital, Sherlock was not his responsibility, but nevertheless, he felt the need to inspect him personally.
He left his empty cup of tea on the sink, then strode to the door, twirling his umbrella once again.
“John?” Greg approached him and held his phone out to him. “It’s for you.”
They went inside the warehouse where Greg was already waiting for them.
He stopped and straightened his back, holding his hands behind his back as he studied them once again with his frosty gaze, his mouth twitching almost grotesquely.
The bell rang and Magnussen frowned.
“No, don’t tell me, “he cut John off before he could say anything. “You just scented me. Don’t look at me like that, I saw it. Yes, I’m a Beta. And you’re an Alpha. So what? You want to go out with me? Go out on a date?”
He continued to look at him with a warmth in his dark blue eyes that made Sherlock’s heart beat faster and suddenly his mouth felt dry. If he wanted proof for his theory that John was in love with him it was right here, in this piercing pair of eyes that seemed to caress his very soul with just one look. It seemed almost unfeasible that he wasn’t right and he swallowed as he tried to hold John’s curious gaze.
John also sighed. He was tired of Mycroft’s condescending attitude.
Puzzled, Sherlock followed him. Outside, Mycroft waited patiently for his brother to unlock the door to 221B, his face back to its stoic frown. As soon as they had stepped into the hallway, Mrs. Hudson poked her head out of her apartment.
“That could have gone really wrong, “John said eventually. “Tell me, do you have any sense of self-preservation?”
He nodded and Greg released him.
A small hysterical laugh burst out of him and his hand shot out to cover his mouth in shock.
Scott stopped abruptly and sighed, shaking his head as he stared at the ground. “You really don’t.”
Mycroft turned and smiled his typical I-know-everything-better-than-you-smile. “I’m afraid, little brother, you’ll have to endure my presence here for a little while longer. Don’t think for a second you’ll be left alone here.”
It looked almost comical, the way Victor’s face was red like a tomato, and John pressed his lips together at the sight of him.
She studied him again as he stared at her defiantly, her eyes wandering from his eyes, to the blood on his cheek, to his lips, back to his eyes.
Sherlock swallowed heavily. “Yes, Professor Magnussen, thank you, “he replied politely.
He needed to calm down for a second. Sherlock was in a bad way and he had to take care of him, but he just needed one second to simply ….
John stared at her in disbelief. “Oh God, that is … horrible!”
She looked at her chart and murmured to herself for a little while. John saw Sherlock’s knuckles turn white as he waited for her answer.
Still, he was determined to find out the details behind all this. Now that he had an angle he couldn’t just leave this unaddressed.
Mike smiled at him and John clasped his shoulder thankfully before turning and stepping into the second row, his Beta friend right behind him. They took two seats in the middle of the row, John taking the seat right behind Scott. The young Beta’s eyes were focussed on his notes onto which he was scribbling something and John had no idea if he had seen him walking in or coming so close. A quick glance at the large clock on the wall told him that he had about ten minutes left until the start of the class, so he needed to get the conversation started now.
“The nurse will be there in two hours, Dr. Watson, “he said flatly. “Please try to wake him until then.”
John took the other man’s hand, squeezing it lightly. “Alright. Sherlock. We will go through this together. You decide our pace. I’m happy to follow your lead. You’re in control.”
“How did it happen?”
John, however, refused to give up that quickly.
Sherlock realized his whole body was trembling and hot, searing pain filled his head. Air. He needed air. His throat was sealed up tight and he felt as if he were being strangled. He clawed at it like an animal, as if it would make it suddenly fill up with oxygen. He felt himself choking and he coughed, his eyes welling up with tears.
“You shut up!” Billy Dickson said angrily, as he pressed the tip of his gun to Sherlock’s head. “Or I will shoot you right here, right now!”
He cleared his throat again.
Feeling the nurse’s steady gaze at him, Sherlock scowled at her for a second then he quickly downed the water together with the pill.
John held him for a good ten minutes, stroking his back soothingly. It reached the point where he almost thought that Sherlock had fallen asleep against him when Sherlock finally cleared his voice and pulled back.
He stopped at once. Relief and joy flooded through him as he turned to see who had called after him although naturally, he already knew.
Soon she was back with the bed and also with a pair of slacks and shirt and a toothbrush, too. John was touched.
“No, John, you were right, “Sherlock cut in, looking more composed than before.
With this decision forming in his mind, his eyes closed shut as he finally surrendered to sleep, the apology he had wanted to text Tonya completely forgotten.
He returned her gaze calmly. “Yes, of course, I understand.”
“One thing: the equipment is very expensive and I ask you to treat it with the utmost caution. Understood?”
Magnussen looked at the Beta again, this time looking more annoyed than surprised. “Yes, Mr. Williams, you have another question?”
John’s jaw tightened and he was staring daggers at the officer, but he remained silent. Dimmock only seemed to take that as in invitation to speculate further.
Dimmock leaned forward, a hungry expression on his face. “Because you wanted to cause her pain. You wanted her to die in agony because she had threatened Sherlock. Isn’t that right?”
He leaned back, shaking John’s hand off in the process, and sat back, resolved to just ignore his friend’s delighted laughter – Greg had now joined in of course – and wait till it had passed. He closed his eyes because he suddenly felt terribly exhausted and maybe this was a good time to bid his still laughing so-called friends goodbye and go home.
“Come on. At least we did good in front of Magnussen. I think we can pass this class, maybe even earn some good marks, don’t you? Come on, let’s get lunch.”
“I realized that I was utterly, madly in love with you. That I must have been in love with you for quite some time without realizing it. That I admire your strength and your confidence, your ability to sweep into a room and just own everybody, and everything. Your kindness. Your absolute wish to help people, trying to pretend that it’s all about the case when in reality, you feel for the people who have been robbed, hurt, or killed. You care, Sherlock. You care so much. And you have so much to give. You….have given me everything, Sherlock. You have returned me to life when I thought there was nothing left it could offer me. I came back from the war, a hopeless, broken man. I had nothing. I was sad and lonely and had no purpose in the world. You gave me a new purpose, Sherlock. You gave me a new sense of living. You...you saved me, Sherlock.”
“John?”
He quickly dressed, brushed his hair, and took a scrutinizing glance in the mirror.
Victor smiled lazily as he looked Scott up and down. “Maybe. Williams, you almost look like an Omega.” His eyes flickered down to Scott’s lips. “Is that the reason why you’re speaking up for them?”
(See the end of the chapter for
A text too.
“No, absolutely not!” Sherlock looked appalled. And frightened.
He closed his eyes and tried to think. Tried to stay calm, for Sherlock’s sake.
He hopped off the bed, grabbed his clothes and after another heated glare at all of them, he disappeared into the bathroom to get dressed. They all let out a collective sigh and looked at each other tentatively. Greg spoke first.
The smell made Sherlock turn his head away in disgust. He was gritting his teeth hard as he took the pounding from the man behind him; he couldn't bring himself to open his mouth to take the other man in.
"Talk to me, love."
There was silence on the other side of the line and then Lestrade responded "Alright, alright. I'll get us a room, just the three of us then."
"Hmm"
"To fuck you?" the detective finished for him.
Sherlock smiled "Not a case." He assured "It's ahm- yeah, from the mission."
"You want to… watch me?" he gestured to vaguely downwards, feeling his half-hard cock gain even more interest in the proceedings.
"How are you feeling, love?" John asked, running a finger through Sherlock's curls, tucking a strand behind his ear.
They had both grown to love watching and being watched. The intrinsic trust in the exchange made the whole thing very intense and intimate for both of them.
Sherlock had narrowed down four possible locations that their body-disposal guy could have visited in the last twenty four hours based on the particular residues in his shoes. Once it was established that two of them were empty fields, one was too far away and the last was an old farm house, it wasn't hard to decide which to visit first.
"Ok" he paused "What if we just take a break? Get some fresh air?"
He found himself laughing in a fatalistic sort of way- he was never getting out of here, was he? He was never going home- he was never going to see John again. He closed his eyes as he heard the door to his cell being opened. In the beginning he had even attempted to subdue them when they came in, but now they were smart enough to chain his ankle to the wall.
. John wasn't a sadist, he just had the same vein in him as the Sherlock who'd thrown an American agent out the window for hurting Mrs. Hudson – it wasn't sadism, it was satisfaction in revenge.
"Not usually, no" he breathed out his answer, but Sherlock just hummed in reply. The detective had carefully opened his trousers and was now tugging ever so slightly so John would shift enough to allow him to pull it down.
In the video, the men had turned their victim around so she was up on her knees, her face down on the mattress as one of them kept her there with his foot. When the man took her again, Sherlock had to stare off to the side for a moment. He knew that position intimately.
"No. Thank you, John." Mycroft drawled as he moved across the room slowly. He lingered by the shelves as though he was looking for something, but then stopped at the fireplace and turned around. "I've got something for you, brother dear." He said, finally.
When someone hit play, the room descended into complete silence.
"She's got cuffs on her feet." He told the doctor, and John nodded before disappearing off to fetch one of the goons from the fire department.
Part of him was revolted at even thinking about John in a moment like this, but it was all he had. He used his tongue, he kept his teeth away from the sensitive skin and he sucked avidly. He tried to get all of it in his mouth, choked himself twice trying, but didn't give up and kept going. He bobbed his head rhythmically and soon the man was moaning and rocking his hips, hand grabbing at Sherlock's hair as he pushed the detective flush against him and came down his throat.
Both the detective and his doctor stopped in their tracks to look back at her. John looked very unfriendly, with his arms crossed over his chest, and one step ahead of his lover like a bodyguard.
To be honest, he had never been this giddy in his entire life.
"That's exactly what I'm worried he'll do" Sherlock heard her say, but it was very faint since they had already started to walk away.
and just nodded his acceptance. "I'll bring my stuff down, then."
There were roughly twenty different men stationed on the base, granted they weren't ever there at the same time, but Sherlock got to know every single one of them. They would come in in turns every couple of hours during the day, and usually there were two to three visits for the ones on night shift.
"Just- come here for a second" he said, his voice coming out husky and low.
"What did you ask Mycroft, John?"
"Have
John pressed the button that'd call the nurse, as he ought to have done before, and tried to soothe his friend while they waited. But Sherlock started to moan, very softly at first, but consistently. John checked the levels of morphine and saw they were only half way on the marker.
This was the night Sherlock cried from the pain. It hurt, it hurt, it hurt deep inside of him and he wanted to claw his insides out so it would stop. Something was wrong, something had teared and he couldn't do it- he couldn't do this anymore.
doing here?" John grumbled from the kitchen, placing two mugs down on the counter with much more force than necessary.
When Lestrade first got the call, he wasn't briefed properly on the details. The superintendent had simply sent him off to the scene and he'd been expected to read the whole case file in the car.
Efficiently, he removed the soiled blanket from the bed and dropped it on the floor, right onto the puddle of sick that was there. Then, he went into the bathroom, soaked a clean towel with warm water and came back to a Sherlock that still had his eyes tightly shut and an expression of pain on his face.
He felt the anger bubble up in his throat and he started trembling with the effort to not punch someone in the face or kick the nearest chair off into the wall. "You know what? We're done here." He said, voice low and cutting
Sherlock hummed, but John could tell he was hiding excitement.
And what a wedding it was.
It was, of course, a text from John.
? You can't go without sex. I know, I counted the days."
His heart was beating so fast he thought he might actually pass out this time around, and Mycroft had to take the tablet away from him. He kept staring at his own lap where it had been, dumbfounded and trying to control the myriad of emotions running through him at the news
He breathed in heavily and tried to be cordial "Mycroft" he nodded.
"No. I'm not leaving you alone like this."
It's like the day knew what had transpired between the two men, for it woke up sunny and bright. May was here and with it, spring was in full bloom. The scenery outside was positively gorgeous and John couldn't help but smile when he looked out the window after rubbing the sleep out of his eyes.
John's face fell a bit. So much for their day lying in bed together doing nothing.
Sherlock looked away.
That he did, and Sherlock was soon rocking his hips against him, fucking John's hand in slow thrusts.
When they were all crammed into the short space of the evidence room and Sherlock was given access to the men's belonging, Donovan was the one to pick the conversation up again.
"What the hell happened to you?" the man asked.
"Wow" John felt himself murmur, he didn't think something like that was possible.
Sherlock's eyes crinkled and the corner of his mouth lifted slightly "It suits you."
He stared at his hands. Even hastily bandaged as they were, it was easy to see he was missing two fingers off his right hand, one finger off his left. His feet were even more unpleasant to look at; all his toenails were missing, there was dried blood all over them and they were still very angry and red – this one was recent, only three days ago.
But now things were going to be done on his terms.
As soon as they were out of sight, Greg groaned in frustration and turned to look at his befuddled team. "Are you happy now?!" he barked at Donovan, dropping his files angrily onto the table.
Of course, the detective knew the logistics; he'd been on the other side of the logistic hundreds of times. He just had no idea how it was done when you actually cared whether or not the person in the receiving end was in pain.
When he did not stir, the man crouched in front of him and patted his face with just enough force that he'd be roused from his supposed sleep.
John couldn't stop looking at the wound he had just bandaged, much as he couldn't stop replaying Sherlock's words over and over again in his head. He nodded if for no reason other than he wanted his friend to know he'd heard everything; that he understood.
He wasn't sure if it was the fact that they were looking at his face, or if the men simply had dormant kinks. But they were much more brutal with his mouth than they were with his arse. One of them clearly got off on choking him and hearing him gag; he came back for seconds that day.
His throat tightened and he closed his eyes. It was like his entire being was recoiling from the scene. This was- god, this was-
John was clenching his fists and looking away, positively trembling with the effort to stand there and listen.
He had swallowed dryly at the question, his mind battling between the two evils, but had nodded in the end.
"Sherlock, " John started, and he didn't look very happy "Are you sure-"
"Thank you for your service" one of them said in Serbian, and he heard the sound of someone spitting before he felt a wet glob landing on his back. Then the door shut behind them and Sherlock was alone.
The question brought just a bit of blood back into John's head as he processed the information "I- ah, actually…" he murmured and then he got off Sherlock and the bed.
"I'll go get dressed." He announced to the room, turning back the way he came.
"I haven't, ahm, kept in touch with Lestrade much, you know how it is- he's a copper and all." He put his hand awkwardly at the back of his neck "Haven't talked much to Mrs. Hudson, either. I just- time and-"
He already knew. He already knew it was coming. He could already feel his throat closing up and the walls closing in and no matter how tightly he wrapped his coat around himself it wasn't enough.
Ok, so when he said
"Baker Street it is" He told his DS, gesturing broadly towards their police car.
"Ok. I'm sorry. I don't even know why I didn't tell you, ok? I don't know why. You were standing there and I wanted to take the case and I didn't know how to say it and then it just- escalated." He admitted, but it was delivered almost like a line.
John was blinking rapidly now and, once again, he had to accept that his anger towards Mycroft was simply misplaced. The twenty one corpses in that file showed exactly what Sherlock's brother felt towards what'd happened to him.
When they made it past the threshold of the door, the two agents stepped aside to let them through even as one of them spoke into his radio almost immediately after – probably updating the rest of the team as to where their charges were.
John was standing there, arms crossed and staring fixedly at a point on the wall. His tongue peaked out to lick at his bottom lip, and then he cocked his head to the side and turned to look at Sherlock.
It was surrounded by a short row of columns and marble steps led down to the garden bellow. There had once been a door that would have led directly to the terrace from the hospital, but it had been locked away in what looked to be a permanent fashion.
Sherlock was breathing heavily and staying very still, but he didn't seem terribly tense, which in turn put John at ease. "Just… don't move yet." The detective finally spoke, and his right hand came back to rest on his lover's thighs. John's hand immediately covered it with his own and he ran his thumb lovingly over the other's fingers.
John widened his eyes and instinctively searched for Sherlock in the darkened corridor, but he couldn't see much from his vantage point.
Greg still lingered for a bit, even had some coffee with them, but then he had to go back to the Yard and he left with the promise that John and he were going to catch up over a pint very soon.
His broken ribs and the surgery incision on his stomach made the whole thing a very big challenge. Most of his weight was shared between him and the woman as he leaned heavily on her so he could walk, but walk he did and he couldn't help but feel accomplished at having managed such a mundane task.
The squeeze he received in return made it clear Sherlock'd understood, but the younger man was not pulling off of him.
Suddenly, like someone had just hit him over the head, Sherlock spun around and then stopped dramatically, his eyes widening the slightest bit.
Over the top of Sherlock's head, John and Mycroft shared a meaningful glance and it was an unspoken vow on the doctor's part –
"You're going to apologize and you're going to mean it, because we're not wasting this lead." Lestrade said very matter-of-factly.
"There has to be something we're missing!" he yelled in frustration, walking a hole into the carpet as he moved up and down. "This is the perfect house for a murder!"
"You know what I'm thinking about" the detective couldn't help the frustration that bled into his voice.
"John, I've… never done this before. You have to show me what to do." Sherlock spoke then, lying back against the pillows and looking half debauched and half lost.
"I trust this is sufficient information for now? I can brief you about the details on the car ride over. We're going outside of London, I'm afraid" Mycroft said with the same level tone as when they had first met.
John had sat and listened for hours as the notes came out, completely garbled, a shadow of the song they had once been. It was painful to listen, and not because the notes were wrong, but because of the pained expression on Sherlock's face.
The doctor, soldier, lingered for a few seconds more, staring Donovan down like a challenge. Then he turned around, ran his fingers across Sherlock's own and followed Lestrade into the building.
The ride to the hospital was incredibly uncomfortable due to the unexpected presence of Sally Donovan.
That was the closest Mycroft would ever come to expressing his brotherly love, and the words soothed Sherlock like nothing else. He closed his eyes and breathed out slowly, nodding.
There was a naked, skeletal figure lying on the concrete floor, its long hair matted beyond salvation and its hipbones and ribs sticking out from under its stretched, bruised skin. It was lying on its side, facing the wall and it had a collection of half-healed gashes all over its back.
John swallowed "Oh. Ahm, well, Mycroft- he got a message and he went in. He went there with a team, I think. And they brought you home."
"Lestrade, I need to be alone, get your sniffer dogs out of here, please." He ordered matter-of-factly. It was a request he'd made countless times before, unlikely to rouse any suspicions.
The first few strokes were tentative and hurt more than they felt good. John could feel himself pulsing around Sherlock's cock and he tried to take it slow. A tentative angling of his hips made for a better position and more control, so after that he started picking up the pace a bit.
Lestrade didn't walk so much as he jogged up the stairs like a mad man, throwing the door open without even thinking to knock. He was out of breath, but still staring around the flat frantically.
But off they went to put their wedding attire on. Sherlock helped John into his, buttoning him up, smoothing the countless layers down.
Crouching in front of the detective so that they were pretty much eye to eye, the guy blew out the cigarette smoke onto his face and proceeded to put it out on Sherlock's exposed shoulder. The detective gritted his teeth, breathed out his nose, but said nothing. This was child's play considering what they had already done to him.
He pulled away the tiniest bit so he could look at his partner's flushed face. The doctor looked completely different with his mouth half opened and desire clouding his eyes.
"Do you- do you want-" John started, clearing his throat "Do you want to try it?" he asked, full of uncertainties, gesturing vaguely towards Sherlock's lap.
"They're not trea-"
He was no longer afraid to show what he felt, he didn't keep any words in, nor did he stop himself from reaching out to John. He felt he had been given a second chance, a chance to get it right, and he wasn't going to let it go. They had never been as close as they were now; completely bare to one another, completely invested and honest.
"We need to actually put our clothes on!" John admonished, but the severity of the statement was ruined by the following kisses he allowed Sherlock to place on his lips.
But the detective just hummed in acknowledgement.
The complete non-sequitur left the detective frowning, his mouth slightly open in confusion. He nodded mechanically, because he didn't know what else to say. All he could do was stare as John got up from the bed, a smile on his face, and left the room. The door almost managed to close behind the doctor, but it stayed open much like their oddly unfinished conversation.
The policeman was fidgeting a bit, his mouth forming around words that he didn't really speak.
He had to sit with him for ten minutes, trying to calm him back down and get his breathing back on track. "I'm sorry I left. I just went to get your water, is all. You're alright now, ok? I'm sorry."
Lestrade gave him a side look but sighed "But there are no signs a murder was committed inside the house. Or outside, for that matter."
lost my mind?!" John yelled back, and he was so angry. "Are you deaf? Did you hear what she just said?"
"Do you ever wear pants, John?" he commented light-heartedly, and it did break the tension somewhat, but John still felt as though his heart was going to leap out of him.
His heart skipped a beat and he felt his throat closing up at reading it.
"Got any leads yet?"
It went on for a while and he could feel as his insides were torn, as he started to bleed onto the intrusion. This wasn't the superficial, minor bleeding that sometimes happened when they fucked him, this was blood that he could actually feel dripping down his legs.
Once they were alone, the sitting room was left in total and complete silence.
Sherlock was pale, his jaw was tense, his hands closed into fists and John could already tell he wasn't breathing as smoothly as he should. It wasn't enough to intervene yet, but it was clear the detective was struggling to keep his eyes on the screen.
"Alright"
"John, I'm, I can't-" and then the younger man half groaned and half cried, quickly switching hands so he could stroke himself with his left and hold John's hips with his right. John let him do as he wished, and Sherlock essentially held him in place and fucked himself back onto him, rolling his hips so he could get extra friction to his prostate.
"Mr. Holmes, calm down" she tried to soothe him by stepping away and giving him space "You're fine, you're alright. I'm just going to get you cleaned, that's all."
John finished what he was doing, put the supplies away and then came back to sit on the bed. Only then did he nod in acknowledgement and encouragement for the detective to go on. He could tell this was going to be a delicate conversation.
John never actually asked what the boundaries were, and Sherlock never actually offered them either, they just stumbled their way blindly into it, holding onto each other for support as they went.
The doctor hummed in response, starting to kiss the sensitive skin behind the taller man's ear.
"Yes, yes, Sherlock. Yes, you're home. You're in England" he told his flatmate as he grasped his hand with utmost joy.
Sherlock soldiered through and all John did was fetch him more coffee and squeeze his hand when he seemed too overwhelmed.
She checked his lungs, his airways and moved him this or that way, but there was nothing wrong and yet he was still gasping wildly for air. It was his eyes, his terror-filled eyes that gave it away and she put a hand on his shoulder comfortingly and tried to get him to look at her.
He could feel Sherlock tense the slightest bit when he finally pressed himself against his entrance, and he stopped for a moment to stroke the detective's leg.
"Let's go to bed" Sherlock said, his voice barely there, barely a whisper.
"Why don't you get dinner on, while I take a bath?" he said instead, as he got up to wash his hands on the sink.
"Yeah"
"Of course" Sherlock echoed, looking at the pictures again and again. The corpses had obviously not been in an explosion of any kind.
"Oh course. Bridal party and everything." he winked and she was left laughing.
His cheeky grin sealed the deal and Sherlock grinned back, leaning in for a kiss--
"I love you too, John. I love you too." The detective smiled, grasping the hand in his own and placing a kiss to the back of it lovingly.
That's better.
"Fine, Graham, then get rid of all your watch dogs, and I'll watch the video on my own." Sherlock said, then.
The ride home was silent, but filled with a very physical Sherlock. He had removed both his gloves, despite rarely doing so in public, and held John's hand between his. All the while keeping his head on the shorter man's shoulder and his eyes closed as they made their way to Baker Street.
The girl was turned on her side, and the shift in position cued Sherlock into looking back at the screen. She was flailing as her captors moved her around and didn't leave her with much to hold onto. She tried leaning on her elbow, but one of the men pulled her hand away and she was back to scrambling.
Suddenly John wasn't eating his breakfast so much as angrily stabbing at it and shoving it into his mouth without even tasting the food properly.
They had apparently only come to gloat, for afterwards they left and Sherlock didn't hear a sound from them for another good hour. He wasn't sure whether or not to feel relieved that they did not kill him right away like he had expected.
There was a bit of a staring contest between them, then. John refused to be the one to point out the obvious, and Sherlock was way too focused on the good news to want to think about what came next. Eventually, he acquiesced.
"I'm sorry,
"It's- it's not poisoned or anything" he said, finally, looking completely unsure of himself since he had no idea if he had guessed right.
"Sherlock's alive."
Sherlock brushed his hand slightly against the shorter man's and they both had smiles on their faces when they dug into their beans on toast.
Sherlock didn't really open his eyes so he was probably just moving in his sleep. It still drew John's attention every time, no matter how insignificant a movement his friend made. The stirring persisted for longer than usual, though. And then, still with his eyes closed, the detective started coughing.
John caught Sherlock's gaze and there was the unmistakable pull, the unaddressed tension between them, the unfulfilled promise- he wasn't completely sure where they stood, but this time he decided to just risk it and try.
"It was fine. The bodies, the suspects, this whole case- I was handling it just fine." Sherlock started, eventually "But the room, when the door closed, it was just..." he trailed off and when he looked up, John could tell he was scared "I- I'm paranoid, John." He finally admitted.
That should have settled that, but the older detective was still fidgeting in front of him. Clearly, there was something still unspoken.
The strike against Scotland Yard had only lasted till noon the next day, when Sherlock and John had woken up from their horribly fragmented sleep. Both of them knew that, regardless of John's anger and Sherlock's trauma, the detective was going to see this case through.
After that, they seemed convinced Sherlock wouldn't try to maim them and so it set a precedent for them to finally use his mouth, too. But when the next one pulled on his hair to make him open up, he shook his head violently and said "Wait, wait!" desperately before he could help it.
"I just…" John didn't even know what he meant to say anymore, because he was frowning at the detective's expression.
"What happened to you?" she asked, nodding towards him, his hands.
Sherlock, who still wasn't speaking, just looked at him through hooded eyes and nodded several times, his hand twitching near John's thighs.
It was a not-so-small, beautiful ceremony, compromised of their friends, family and a bright spring day.
At the assent, he continued, but very, very, very slowly. It was nearly excruciating to do it like this, and John had no idea where he found the self-control for it, but he'd rather suffer than hurt his lover and undo months and months of progress.
This is it, you guys! Just sunshine and rainbows, and the happy ending that our babies deserved, but didn't get in the shit show of s4 (Yes, I'm bitter as fck).
And then he realized it'd be the first time Sherlock would be left alone in the room. Well, aside from John's little stunt yesterday, but that had hardly been premeditated. So he couldn't help but hesitate at touching the door knob.
It did. The man stepped on his right foot, his muddy boot digging into Sherlock's tender flesh without mercy. "Go, you fucking shit!" he swore in Serbian. And then he went for the detective's hand, expertly twisting one of his fingers until it gave it and popped, making his prisoner curse loudly.
Sherlock nodded in understanding, but just as John was lifting his hand towards him, he grasped it in his own, stopping him. "Wait"
Completely thrown by the conclusion, John even sat up a bit to look down at his lover with an even deeper frown. "What are you talking about?"
It actually turned out to be fairly interesting, and – after almost three years – John wrote a new blog entry: The Mystery of the Mirrored Murder.
"…pronounce you married. You may kiss!"
"What do you want me to do?!" Sally complained as she was obligated to follow her boss.
"God" he breathed out once he finally felt Sherlock's thighs under his arse. His hands were trembling on the detective's stomach as he held on for support. He was trying to stay as still as he could, because any movement would pull at him very uncomfortably.
But Sherlock pretended not to see the question in his eyes- as though the consulting detective would ever miss something so blatant. He couldn't bring himself to answer- he hadn't rationalized it yet. All he knew was that, for now, the memories brought him an intense feeling of shame and he didn't know what to do with it.
Sherlock had refused to think about what the four men had done to him. He even tried dismissing the whole thing as a figment of his Moriarty-riddled imagination. But the presence of this new assailant only seemed to confirm what he had feared; he had a new role in the enemy base now.
"Don't you see, John?! There will always be another Moriarty! There will always be another Serbia!" he bit out "It doesn't matter if I'm wrong about
During one of their strolls around the city, they had passed a couple of men – tourists – who were animatedly talking to each other and pointing to their map of London. It had been in the earlier days of Sherlock's recovery, and most importantly, the men had been speaking Serbian.
"Sherlock!" John called, jogging over to him as soon as he spotted him near the back wall. "Are you ok?!" he asked, looking the detective up and down, as he held onto the man's forearms.
"All evidence conveniently washed away" Lestrade murmured under his breath.
"Alright. Come on" the doctor nodded, getting up off the couch and offering his hand even as he zipped himself back up.
He nodded and it earned him a smile.
John nodded, humming in agreement. Then he wrapped his arm over his lover's back and they drifted into much needed sleep.
John actually slowed his thrusts down after that, wondering if he should just finish himself off instead of overstimulating his lover. But after a few seconds of not moving, Sherlock understood what he was doing.
John shrugged, nodding. "Ok. Sex is off the table, I got it."
John had thought that they had already reached their peak; that there was nowhere else to climb. And yet, it seemed Sherlock was constantly determined to prove him wrong. Their love for each other grew, and grew, and grew, defying all odds that it could possibly grow anymore. And, sometimes, that love would manifest in shows of trust, of giving.
"Don't move." She ordered, keeping her eyes locked on his and her gun aimed at him as she snatched the coat like a snake and slowly put one hand through each sleeve, while holding the gun with the other.
"No. Not this time, no." And he came out of the kitchen like a soldier stepping into battle. He gave Sherlock his mug and placed his own forcefully on the side table before turning towards the door just in time to see Lestrade and Sally Donovan come in.
He covered Sherlock with one at a time. And almost immediately the detective curled up on his side, bunching the blanket in his hands as he drew it up to his neck like a cocoon. The expression of pain on his face, however, didn't go away.
That Friday, they were having another of their get-togethers, and the party ended up being brought over to Sherlock's cell. There were eight of them in total, probably the number of men that were at the base at any given moment.
The way that his detective was staring at him so directly made him shudder and he couldn't bring himself to reach into his pants and take his cock in his hand.
His words, spoken directly to Lestrade, lead to an unspoken exchange between the two; John forgave him for not sticking up for Sherlock earlier on the case.
"Sherlock. Sherlock, look at me" John's steady soldier voice snapped him out of his thoughts "What are you thinking about? You know- you know we're at the hospital, right?" he asked with that uncertain tone of his "Mycroft's got people twenty-four seven in this place. You're- there's nothing to worry about, nothing is going to happen."
"It's a wedding gift, from us – we all chipped in." Lestrade said, a bit awkward, as he looked back to the rest of the lurking team. "You destroyed the last one, so."
The next photo he flipped through wasn't of a table. There was a collection of very clearly antique vials and beakers and lab equipment-
He would never live to forget what happened after that.
John had asked him, before, what he wanted to do with the rings. And despite knowing he couldn't feel his ring finger much, Sherlock was adamant about it. "At least the ring finger they chopped off wasn't the one we
Sherlock shook his head and was still holding the pictures face down on his lap without knowing what to do.
Back to Baker Street.
The man in custody was a nightmare.
Sherlock understood that much in Serbian.
Outside the three of them, there was only one of Mycroft's men carrying their two suitcases – they hadn't much between them – but when everyone entered the car, the man sat on the front seat with the driver, leaving the three of them in the privacy of the back seats.
"Jam. I want Jam. Been in the mood for it all day." The detective repeated, dismissively.
He knew he had to make it worth his while. He knew he needed to give them incentive to go for his mouth instead of fucking him. And so he breathed in heavily and tried to picture exactly what would feel good. If this had been John in his mouth, how would he have done it? What would John have said?
Mycroft sighed again and shook his head. “Oh, Sherlock. You’ve always been such a headstrong person. Even as a child, you managed to exasperate everyone around you, starting with Mummy, ending with every single maid or other servant hired to work for us.”
Sherlock gave him an annoyed look and he slammed the bathroom door behind him – not locking it and John sighed with relief. He understood his friend’s desire to clean himself, but he didn’t want to risk him hurting himself in the tub or passing out. He went into Sherlock’s bedroom again and started to change the sheets. Sherlock wouldn’t say anything, but John knew he would be thankful.
“Hey. It’s alright, love, come here.” Sherlock seemed on the verge of tears and John pulled him into a tight embrace.
“I heard what you said, “John interrupted and Scott’s eyes widened. “But there hasn’t been an explanation, and in this case, I am unwilling to accept it.”
Before John could finish his sentence Scott had already turned and started writing again.
He looked up and saw the woman smile down at him condescendingly. He managed to raise an eyebrow and she chuckled. “Yes, Mr. Holmes, I know who you are. How could I not? After all, you’re a super famous detective solving every crime in London and beyond. I’ve seen you in the papers with your stupid little hat on.”
Sherlock didn’t say anything at first but when John continued to glare at him, he sighed and mumbled “Alright.”
John looking at him with bright blue eyes, full of adoration and …. something else.
Stupid Alphas, proving, again and again, they were only wasting his time. Trying to intimidate him. Make him feel weak. Make him feel….bad for yelling at them unjustly.
He grabbed his phone to write another quick text to Greg.
Suddenly, they made a sharp turn to the right and though Sherlock’s eyes were barely open he managed to make out a few blurry objects appearing at their sides ….
“Yes, I believe you’re right, “Mycroft stated dryly as he took in Sherlock’s weary appearance, his unruly curls, the dressing gown slipping from his slumped shoulder, revealing the freshly dressed wound surrounded by naked vulnerable flesh. “Come, Inspector Lestrade. We should leave them to their well-deserved rest now.”
“Yes, yes, I’ll be quick.” Sherlock was already at the door and John’s eyes already back at the telly. He was really invested in the murder mystery and didn’t want to miss anything.
He knew he needed more information, something was still missing. However, right now he just needed to make sure that Sherlock was alright. If he were in his mind palace, he had to rouse him and convince him to get some sleep instead. Sherlock seemed intent on making John happy right now so even if it was a little unfair, he needed to take advantage of his fragile state of mind. He would be doing it in favour of his health, after all.
“I won’t leave you alone with these two.”
That thought did calm him down a little. John knew he could trust Mycroft to take care of the situation, that controlling, fastidious man would never make the same mistake twice again, trusting personnel that couldn’t be trusted. Only his best men would be on the job now and probably Mycroft himself, additionally making sure that the men around him did the best job they could.
All of a sudden, John stopped pacing, pulled his phone out of his jacket, and dialled a number. “Didn’t even think to call him… stupid,” he muttered to himself, but Sherlock didn’t answer, and John groaned impatiently. He then quickly dialled another number, this time his call was picked up.
going to convalesce.”
“Makes me wonder, “the man continued, and he pointed between them with the gun in his hand, “are you so much looking forward to your deaths? Are you some kind of masochists or something?”
They all said yes, just like Mike had predicted and John was relieved. Yes, parties in the middle of the week always were a little risky because of a potential hangover. Every single seminar was important and he couldn’t afford to fail one. He didn’t want to slack off but he needed this distraction. His body was itching for some fun and he was going crazy sitting in his room, alone with his tedious thoughts. Besides, it was only the second week of the semester, and tests and essays were a long way off. He would still have time to catch up on anything he might have missed on the weekend. He had Mike, too. His conscientious friend would not fail to keep his promise and get them both home shortly after midnight. He really could be relied upon in that manner, had saved him a lot of trouble in the past.
“Cheer up, Sherlock, “John chuckled, “tomorrow I’ll write the article on this case and I won’t focus on your little slip-up too much.” And because Sherlock glared at him in obvious annoyance he added “Okay, there’s no way I’m not mentioning it, but that’s simply just payback for the little joke you had at my expense. You know, with locking me up in that laboratory, giving me the impression, I was hunted by a terrifying huge hound going in for the kill….”
“I feel okay, I guess. Maybe a bit tired, “Sherlock admitted after a while.
Sherlock nodded his thanks, still unable to look at his friend. The nurse suddenly stood at the doorway. “Alright, Mr. Holmes, are you ready for the examination? I’m Nurse Wilkins, by the way.”
The moment was over before John could fret about it further. Sherlock pulled his hand away and that was that. Without looking at him again, he picked up his fork and started to eat his meal. He ate mechanically, not relishing the taste of the dish, but not wrinkling his nose in disgust either. He was eating his lunch, just as John had asked him to. Because John had asked him to.
He tried to push his ranting thoughts aside and think clearly. Sherlock needed him now, he couldn’t fail him. So, he had to concentrate.
Every single one of these memories he re-visited in his dreams and in every single one of them, John smiled at him. Followed where Sherlock lead. Protected him when Sherlock needed him.
“Ask Ben if he’s seen him maybe, he works at the counter.”
“John! John, wake up!”
“Hey, hey … it’s alright. Just lay down.”
“Seems plausible, “John mused. “Good job, Sherlock, better tell Greg about it at once.”
John rolled his eyes up to the ceiling, shrugged, and said nothing.
“Sherlock, “he addressed his brother who didn’t even look up at him from his seated position on the sofa. “I’m glad to see you up and about. How are you feeling?” His voice didn’t indicate any sort of honest concern or sympathy for his brother’s condition, instead, it sounded as if he was asking a colleague or an employee how their day was. He sounded
“Can I let you go now?” Greg asked.
He got up and began to pace the living room. Sherlock looked at him as if
He hesitated when he took the first steps inside the house and waited for sounds. But there weren’t any which immediately caused John’s heart rate to pick up in concern. He had been prepared for shouting and loud quarreling from Sherlock and whatever poor bloke was assigned to look after him. Had something happened that there were no sounds whatsoever to come out of the flat?
“Yes, Sherlock?”
From out of nowhere a safe had appeared in the wall in a place where nothing had been before. A clever trick, he had to admit although it had been too easy to solve that little riddle. Well, people weren’t perfect, and it had taken him five minutes to figure out this little puzzle after all so that in itself was admirable.
Grim determination settled around the corners of his mouth as he pulled Sherlock up and into his arms, frowning when he realized once again how hot he was. Beads of sweat had collected in the back of his neck and John cradled Sherlock's head in his arms as he gently patted his cheeks, trying to rouse him again so that he would listen.
“Th-thanks, John, “he murmured, then he softly but decisively pulled his hand away from John. There was silence as they looked at each other in wonder. As if each had learned something new about the other. It was nice somehow.
“No!” he said quickly, his hand reaching out to cover John’s where it lay on the white sheets. “I’m sorry, I was just in my head a little. Please, I would be ….” he exhaled and blushed, “I’d be happy for you to hold me.”
, he said weakly as he looked up to the ceiling of his mind palace, closing his eyes, letting himself relax in spite of the rumble and noise around him. He needed to relax in order to get back.
The ride didn’t last long, and soon they pulled up at their flat in 221B Baker Street. At John’s request, they carried Sherlock upstairs on the stretcher and into his bedroom. They laid him onto his bed carefully and the paramedic asked if there was anything John needed before they left.
Mycroft rolled his eyes again. “My God, Sherlock, you really are a child. You have a concussion and if I recall correctly, the doctor said to take it easy for a while. So would you just stop behaving like an imbecile and do what is asked of you? For once?”
Sherlock sighed and took off his shirt in one swift motion. He raised his eyes to the ceiling as if he wanted to say, ‘get on with it’. John once more was shocked to see the collection of love bites, bruises, and bite marks on Sherlock’s pale skin, but he tried hard not to let it show on his face. Hot, red anger threatened to overwhelm him once more and he bit the inside of his cheek in order to keep it in check. It hurt and it helped.
He took a quick breath and noticed her slightly looking at him in astonishment.
Before he could regain his countenance, however, the hand was gone, and Mycroft had stepped out of the car.
He got up and fetched some clean clothes from Sherlock’s wardrobe, just a T-Shirt and some loose pants (although he had to dig a little to find these items, Sherlock really owned a lot of dress shirts and pants).
Sherlock smiled in barely noticeable relief. “Thanks, John.”
“Oh yes, gorgeous, those noises really turn me on, “a voice suddenly not so far away was saying.
“Yeah.” John’s shoulders slumped, and Mike looked sad.
“Oh no, Sherlock, no.” John dragged the arm away from Sherlock and cupped his chin, gently tugging at it so that he was looking at John.
Trying not to stare at his friend in a mixture of gratitude and concern, John forced himself to focus on his own plate. The food was probably as delicious as always, but he almost couldn’t taste anything. He was just too distracted by Sherlock and thoughts about what had happened between them. What was still happening between them.
“You’re sure?” Greg asked.
“Well either that ór you are incredibly clumsy. How come it is always you making trouble in this class? I swear if you’re doing this on purpose..”
It was all there.
Mike chuckled and threw a book - the semester coursebook - into John’s lap. “Maybe it’s because I stuck to beer last night, instead of mixing it up with vodka and whiskey as you did. I know when to stop drinking, chap.”
Sherlock opened his eyes again, or rather he tried to open his eyes again. But his eyelids were so heavy, it seemed he could not muster up the strength to do it. His entire body was a heavy weight he couldn’t possibly hold up and his mind screamed at him to just go to sleep, to rest. He was inclined to just give in, he was so incredibly exhausted. As if he hadn’t slept in weeks. He desperately needed rest. Just close his eyes for a bit.
“Yeah, I know it’s a little early for that. But he initiated it on his own and I didn’t have the time to stop him. But I think it’s a good way to distract him from his own thoughts and we’re back home already, so you can relax.”
“Also, you don’t travel, at least not far. You have no tan lines, which means that you didn’t travel during summer vacation, most students do so - if they can afford it, that is. No, you stayed in England. At your mother’s house. But things haven’t been good. Why? There are many possible explanations for this, but I’m going with an abusive father, probably an alcoholic, who beat her on a regular basis, although I admit it’s a shot in the dark. You stepped in one time, probably when you were a teenager, which is how you got the scar above your left eyebrow, that’s where the belt hit you. You detested your father but you still went to the army because he wanted it. It’s manly to go to the army, it’s a typical Alpha’s choice, and no other members of your family before went to university. You probably thought it was the best way to get stronger, to get your mother and possibly a younger sibling out of there. You were a good fit militarywise, I can see from your posture that you have the mindset of a soldier, you still have in some ways. But you quit your training early after a while, why? Because your father died. Which is also one of the reasons why you’re poor. He probably didn’t work a lot when he was alive but still, a few temp jobs here and there do pay the bills, even if only a few. So that’s why you’re here now, studying medicine. Piling on a lot of additional debts, hoping to make it all up to your family after you’ve become a successful GP. Or pediatrician, I haven’t decided that yet....”
John sighed impatiently. “I’m sorry, I really have to know. One of them’s my friend and it’s really important we find him.”
His whole childhood was here. From the very first memories of his four-year-old self cradling a stuffed old teddy bear to his small thin body to the more recent recollections of a teenage Sherlock who was yelling at his parents and Mycroft most of the times.
(See the end of the chapter for
She let go of him and smiled. “If you want to talk about this some more, just ask. We have that class together, remember?”
“Alright, here you go, “She said as she handed him the two white pills. “Ward round has already started, they’ll be here within the next hours.”
Greg dared to take a step towards him.
Just then two police cars finally arrived at the pub and Greg’s colleagues joined them. While John was practically on the verge of just running off to look for his friend Greg very quickly updated the two police officers about the situation and together they decided to split up into two directions, John and Greg would go South, the other two North.
The first nurse turned an annoyed look at Sherlock, resting her hands on her hips. “Why did you do that, Sir?”
The whole matter had been extremely intense and extremely exhausting.
This was a great risk. Talking about this with John. It could end everything between them if he was wrong. He would not only be denied the prospect of starting something new and tender and exciting between them, but he would also endanger their friendship, threatening to destroy their strong bond with his foolish misperception of something that hadn’t actually been there.
Who would have thought that someone like him – someone who always clashed with other people because of the way he was - could find a best friend. All his life people had turned away from him, either because they couldn’t cope with his extraordinary personality or because they were simply fed up with him deducing everything about them all the time. People didn’t like to be reminded of their weaknesses, as a result, they couldn’t bear to be around him. Initially, many people were entranced by him. He had often observed how people were impressed by his presence, by his wits and if he was in a good mood, his charm. That’s the reason why he managed to get so much out of witnesses – they only spent a little time with him and if he didn’t overdo it, he could manipulate them into giving up their little secrets.
But then he had turned seven and something of a miracle had happened: he got a dog for his birthday, an Irish setter he jubilantly had named Redbeard. He didn’t know exactly what had changed his mother’s mind, had never thought it possible and he expected the involvement of Mycroft or his father, but he didn’t question it for once. He had gotten what he had wished for and it was phenomenal. Redbeard made him incredibly happy, they were inseparable from the start, best friends forever. Redbeard had slept in his bed, although his mother had forbidden him that, and they spent their whole days together, playing out in the woods or pretending to be pirates at the lake, chaperoned by one of the incompetent nannies mummy always hired until they threw in the towel because Sherlock had said something more or less hurtful about them.
“Do you really think you’re any different than them? Because you’re not!”
“Of course, “he said, affection and compassion in his voice. He wanted Sherlock to know he always had his back. He knew it had cost him a lot to ask John for this, to swallow his pride like this and he appreciated it very much. Sherlock was impossibly brave, and John knew he could overcome this horrible incident if only he realized his own strength.
The only thing taking his mind off things had been Mary, like always. Lovely, cheerful Mary Morstan. His beta girlfriend and childhood sweetheart, who he had been together with since they’d been sixteen years old. Eight years they had been a couple, and what a great eight years it had been. Mary simply was an incredible person: clever, funny, and sharp-tongued.
He was at a loss. Before, everything had seemed perfect. Somehow, they had managed to come together at last, both of them vulnerable and scared of finally revealing emotions long kept hidden underneath the surface. He had revealed his feelings for Sherlock or at least he had started to. Tried to. He thought he had seen the same affection in Sherlock’s shimmering eyes that he was harbouring inside, but now...
“Come now, brother mine, “he said as he pointed towards the stairs, “better not to make her wait, then.”
Possibly better,
John finally looked up at him and smiled a tired smile at him. “I know Greg. It’s just …. a little much right now.”
Sherlock’s eyes glistened as they searched John’s face incredulously. “You mean it?”
“Oh, you are a naughty boy, Mr. Holmes.” Without warning, she pushed her thumb inside his mouth, and he gasped in surprise. “In fact, you’re just the arrogant bastard they say you are. So rude.” The corner of her mouth curled upwards as she revelled in the triumph of having surprised him. For a second, she had seen his weakness. A cold sweat broke out on his neck, but he managed to immediately pull himself together and stare back at her as if her power over him meant nothing at all.
John expected Sherlock to have another fit and he was half-ready to jump in at any second should Sherlock faint again or need medical attention in any other way. If he really did faint again maybe it was better to send him to the hospital after all. Maybe it was better to be safe than sorry. Then again, Sherlock would most definitely not agree and would throw another tantrum then and there if not later at the hospital, and that too would of course not help either. John sighed heavily and looked at his watch.
John was sure Greg was staring at him in disbelief, but he didn’t bother to look, and he didn’t care. It didn’t matter. He was tired now and he wanted to lie down and not see anybody.
“Yes, actually, I’m sure.” Sherlock shoved the photograph back to Greg. “I had a conversation with him before he drugged me and that I can remember clearly. He was right in front of me so yeah, it’s him and I’m sure.”
“Gino?” The call had finally connected. “Where the fuck have you been? This is the third time I’ve been trying to call you.”
His jaw clenched as he remembered their last conversation. Or rather, their dispute. It seemed to him, they were always fighting now, and he deeply regretted that. He liked John very much, he was his best friend, no one understood him better than him.
Sherlock inhaled sharply, as if he wanted to say something, but he stopped himself. John wanted to say something more, so many important things that he had only discovered for himself recently, but the words got stuck in his throat and suddenly he was terribly afraid.
This whole situation was making him quite nervous, more than he was comfortable with, and he knew that he needed to address matters soon. First things first though.
He shook his head just a little to will himself into stopping his deductions which was really hard and tried to politely smile at the guy.
“I only thought it would be better for you; “Sherlock interceded quickly, “I didn’t want to hurt your feelings, John, nothing was further from my mind!”
“I-I just don’t know anymore, “John all but whispered. “I have hurt him, I have pushed him too far, maybe he’s just sick and tired of me…”
“What?” Sherlock blinked once in annoyance at the interruption and looked at John questioningly.
This was personal, so he would take care of them himself.
He kicked out, he screamed some more, he shook his head from side to side in raging frustration, but it was useless and after a few moments he gave up.
Sherlock was already waiting downstairs when John finally came down his stairs again with his jacket on.
“But?” John grew more and more anxious as he waited for the possible bombshell to drop.
He gestured towards the phone at the end of the corridor. “Just take the call, alright, John? You have five minutes.”
He tried to lunge at Dimmock again and almost managed to twist out of Greg’s grip.
“What?” Sherlock almost let the phone fall out of his hand, he was so shocked.
The bodies were always left behind in the same manner: the women’s tongues were cut out, and their throats ripped into bloody shreds, the men’s arms and feet were cut off, lying next to the bled-out torsi in neat little slices. What had been particularly strange about the crime scenes, were the candy wrappers left behind on the victims. They were always of the same brand, there was never any DNA on them. Sherlock had been beyond excited and had thrown himself into the mystery behind the killings, pouncing onto significant cues like a bloodhound in a frenzy.
“No, “Sherlock spat out angrily. “I told you, I don’t need anyone.”
And then he had an idea.
Sherlock, however, was shivering, trembling all over his thin body. He tried to make himself warm by curling into himself and when John touched his arm, Sherlock pulled at it, trying to pull him towards his body, seeking his warmth although he was still asleep.
“Yes, of course, “John said quickly.
Scott snorted at that. “Oh, that’s rich. You’re the one who made a mistake but now you’re accusing me of being the arsehole. Really, that’s a first for me.”
“I’m afraid I am.”
“But you know what happened, “John said, already exasperated.
However, he felt a little bad taking comfort from touching Sherlock like that when he wasn’t awake – when he hadn’t
Her hands slid down his face and then brutally grabbed his jaw. “So how did I earn the honour of having you in my establishment? Did you have the sudden urge to indulge in the carnal pleasures for a change?”
He caught his eye in the reflection and frowned when he saw that he was biting his lip again. Once again he looked at himself.
being alone.
They kissed without involving their tongues and it was perfect. It was sweet and tender and everything John would have wished a perfect first kiss to be. He had the most beautiful, most brilliant, and clever, and kind person in the world in his arms and he would never let him go again. Sherlock was practically melting against him and John sighed as Sherlock’s mouth pulled back a little, breathlessly panting for air, as his chest heaved heavily against John’s.
– could it be Moriarty? Was he back?
His heart stuttered in his chest when suddenly somehow their eyes met across the room. Pale blue eyes lit up in light surprise as they fixed him with a piercing stare and John swallowed as he found himself the subject of intense scrutiny. He could feel his heart hammering in his chest, his Adam’s apple bobbing in his throat as he looked at the boy looking at him. Sudden heat crept upon him, spreading through his whole body. His throat felt tight and he fumbled at his collar in a meek attempt to get more air.
“Greg. Mycroft. To what do we owe the pleasure?” He tried to keep the irritation out of his voice but from the way both men looked at him, he had failed to accomplish that.
But then he felt his body shutting down. The pounding in his head got louder and louder, and he could hardly see anymore. His shoulder screamed in agony and his mouth was burning with the invasion of the gun. His heart was beating so fast, he thought he might be having a heart attack. But it didn’t matter anymore because he was slowly slipping away, and he was glad for it. He was tired and he just wanted to go to sleep. This silly woman could do her one-woman-show by herself.
Sherlock’s eyes widened a little as he took in their surroundings. “John? What’s going on?”
“And Sherlock? Did he… participate in the activities?”
“That’s it, little detective, that’s all you’ve got?” she asked in mock disappointment. “Pity. Oh well, seems it’s time to kill you now.” She pulled the gun out of his mouth and pointed it at his head. “Bye-bye, sweetheart. It’s been a pleasure playing with you.”
“Wow, “Mike whispered next to him, and John simply nodded in agreement, his shoulders slumping as he let out a breath he didn’t know he had been holding in.
“Who knows when the doctors here will have the time to look at you?” John tried to make it more appealing. “I can probably tell you how high your chances of leaving today are.”
Huge, brutal hands explored his helpless body. A rough, deep voice whispered into his ear that he would take him now, take him hard and there was nothing he could do about it. Sharp teeth broke the skin of his shoulder, and there was pain, oh so much pain.
“Imagine my surprise, Mr. Holmes, when we found you here a few minutes ago. First, I didn’t recognize you because of all that blood on your face” – here she grabbed his face from the side and roughly smeared the blood on his cheek. “But then I did recognize you. You have a very distinguishable appearance, as you must know. You are a noteworthy man, Mr. Holmes. A delicious treat, one might say.”
"It is. Difficult for me." Sherlock admitted after a long time, and neither of them moved.
Sherlock just hummed and continued to eat.
"He wasn't in on it as in, he didn't rape them." Sherlock clarified, like it should have been obvious. "He's not part of the group. Probably paid off to disappear with the bodies, no questions asked." He narrowed his eyes. "He's willing to go to jail for them, but why would he? They either have something on him or on someone close to him – a drug tab, most likely. He's a user, but a casual one, so he's taking the fall for someone else – his sister, probably, did you see the tattoo? He's got strong incentive, so don't bother, he's not going to give you anything. His shoes, on the other hand…" he trailed off and was already heading towards the evidence room.
The night that followed was one of the worse since their return to Baker Street. Sherlock had nightmare after nightmare after nightmare. And, unsurprisingly, it culminated in a panic attack so great that John had to give him medication to calm him back down.
He wasn't sure when the tables turned, but maybe it was when the lube heated up because every movement became easier than the previous. He found that when he moved in a somewhat circular pattern, he could feel a brush to his prostate and after that he let himself go completely.
They didn't address him. They talked to each other in loud drunken voices as they passed him around like a bowl of crisps.
"You'll be the death of me, won't you?" John sighed, dropping his head onto the mattress before him.
John tried his best to nod, but his head was just somewhere else at the moment.
Sherlock started solving cold cases – 3s and 4s from what John could tell – from the couch and texting Lestrade every few hours with a solution. It kept him busy and focused and John was glad to see it.
At some point the detective got up, hands ruffling his own hair, and let out a mewl of frustration.
"I'll shoot you." She threatened, but this time, it was clear she meant that she'd shoot him if he lied to her.
"He's bleeding- he's bleeding, what's-" he even made a motion to pull the blankets off entirely, but the woman actually physically intervened and held his hand away.
"It's in my back pocket." He told her clearly "I'm going to reach for it, and then I'll kick it over to you." he narrated, shifting a bit so she could see he wasn't hiding a gun.
He could see the moment she faltered, her frightened eyes softening the tiniest bit as his words reached her.
When Sherlock opened the door to the flat with much more force than was probably necessary, he was unsurprised to see his friendly neighborhood policeman standing there.
Saying nothing, she unlocked his phone and hesitated, her fingers nervously hovering over the icons on the screen.
That was the first time since Sherlock first woke up three weeks ago that the detective smiled, a hint of amusement in his eyes- it was so aware, so deliberate, so
"You could have-" he started again, lamely this time.
"Thank you." was all he said, after approaching her to retrieve his phone.
She looked up towards the ceiling, mimicking him. But when she looked back at him, he could see her walls had almost entirely come down. He should have lead with that, he thought. His relationship with John automatically made him seem less threatening.
"I'll take that" John offered helpfully and opened the envelope before Lestrade could think too much of Sherlock's actions. But then again, was anything ever strange when it came from Sherlock?
John's kiss was filthy, all tongue and biting and Sherlock could feel him huffing out through his nose, whimpering as he picked up the pace with his hand. "'m so close, love." The shorter man told him, his mouth closing in an 'o'.
He walked behind one of his captors as the man worked and he wasn't even sparred a glance; the man had no reason to think he was anybody other than one of his associates.
For some reason, he hadn't expected the man to come in his mouth and when he did, Sherlock went into a violent coughing fit, his gag reflex coming to life making him throw up a little bit on the floor.
John helped him off his bed the first time he decided to walk outside of his room – balcony trips notwithstanding. He held onto the army doctor and onto the IV stand as he slowly put one foot in front of the other until they made it past the door.
John laughed a bit nervously "See, this is something even I haven't done before." He said, and it was possibly the best thing he could have said, because Sherlock's face lit up even more.
"It's healing pretty well, no signs of infection." He commented when he was done, because what else could he say?
Sherlock did not meet his eyes as he got up from his place on the couch.
He settled on making a pile of hardcover books and placing them by Sherlock's side "Just don't move too much or you'll knock it over" he cautioned. And then he glanced back towards the kitchen "We should have eaten at the table…"
At some point, one of the man's minions had arrived with a suitcase full of John's things – he didn't bother asking about that either – and a bag of takeout – John hadn't even known Mycroft ate takeout.
As promised, here's the next part. The last one will be posted either today or tomorrow.
Sherlock woke up to John's hand around his cock, and a couple of minutes and very few words later, the doctor was straddling him on their bed and riding an orgasm out of both of them.
Mycroft had brought him a very warm and cozy dressing gown, and John would always make sure to dress him in it, while also laying a couple of blankets over his lap for good measure.
Lestrade was looking at him like he was crazy. And Donovan, who had just returned with a report from the outside team, had her nose scrunched up as she stared at him up and down. "What's wrong with him?" she asked.
Encouraged, Sherlock moved his hand up and down, slow at first but then picking up a pace once John's hips started moving ever so slightly with him. It was mesmerizing to see his army doctor completely flushed and open and wanting.
It was somewhat bittersweet and surreal to be leaving this place after two months of pretending the outside world didn't exist. But Mycroft himself was there leading their little party out into the halls and into the sleek black car that awaited them, and it seemed to ground Sherlock.
He approached the two and nudged the body with his foot. It turned onto its back, and though it didn't move and didn't open its eyes, it opened its mouth. It didn't try to make any sound or form any words, it just stayed there with its mouth hanging open, unmoving.
-" John exclaimed, pursing his lips together and huffing out his nose loudly. "Is this why you didn't take me with you that first day?"
"Do you want to take my clothes off? Or do you want me to do it?"
doesn't know that." He retaliated. "I know Jim Moriarty is dead, and I know we dismantled his intelligence, but the foot soldiers still exist."
to prove or disproof his theories. God, he was cracking.
"John, you- well, you know already. What they did." Sherlock started, and then looked away before carrying on "But, it wasn't- it wasn't something that happened just once. It was-" he couldn't bring himself to finish it.
And as he felt the warmth of John's fingers cradling his hands before their friends and family, as he looked down into those beautiful blue eyes, his uncertainties shrunk into nothingness.
John's head snapped up in alarm "You know? You knew-? Before?"
"Are you mental?!"
John was blinking rapidly again, and this time he closed his eyes as he nodded. He wondered if any of this would ever start hurting less.
He felt as Sherlock trembled under his hands and he knew that the detective was cold. He was only wearing a hospital gown and- god, he was thin. He was so, so thin.
"Who's John?" she asked, because his lover wouldn't stop calling.
But the whole afternoon would consist of Sherlock walking up and down the halls of the house, checking every nook and cranny, going upstairs and then down and then up again. There was a bloody basement and a bloody attic and both were spot-clean.
"I've made arrangements for your commute, you may remain in London or make use of a flat twenty minutes off and I've assigned a driver-" the man went on, but John ignored him. He wasn't leaving this hospital room. He wasn't leaving this hospital period, unless it was with Sherlock by his side. He hoped Mycroft hadn't paid rent in advance.
Sherlock sighed dramatically "None whatsoever. What does a man have to do to get a decent murder around here!" he shouted as though the universe would hear him. And, well, the frustration was definitely completely authentic.
Sherlock didn't seem interested in being touched and they would not even take their clothes off at all, but it was something.
"No! No!" she sobbed, her face red "No, I won't…" she trailed off, crying, her shaking hands still holding the gun in Sherlock's direction.
The nurse walked in on them and it was a rather embarrassing ordeal, but they also felt no need to explain themselves; the woman couldn't care less.
Everyone was very pointedly trying to ignore the wailing of the woman in the video, but it very was hard to do so. The men weren't just raping her; they were torturing her at the same time.
"No! Don't move!!" she yelled again when he so much as twitched.
"So, ahm." He started, clearing his throat "What's with the assumptions-"
They stayed like that for a good few seconds, connected and unmoving. It almost helped with taking the edge off a little bit so now John felt like he could actually last more than two minutes at this.
He fell onto his knees, and tried to enjoy the fact that at least he was getting somewhat cleaned after the whole ordeal.
"What does it even matter!" Sherlock interrupted, shouting. He was clearly frustrated.
So by the time October, and the possibility of an outside case, came along Sherlock had already been leaving the flat to walk with John every other day. He didn't have panic attacks anymore, and he could move gracefully as he always had before.
He moved a couple more times at almost the same speed, but it was hard to move so slowly when everything was so slick. Still, he did his best until Sherlock's fingers dug a bit more pointedly into his thigh and the man tilted his head slightly before moving his hips against him. It was a non-verbal command, but it was clearly understood.
. Instead, he kissed his love again and said "Tell me what I can do to help."
He was dead.
"Amanda wanted to be here, but she's still at the hospital. She asked if you wouldn't mind paying her a visit."
His other hand snaked over Sherlock's chest to interlace their fingers together, and with another loving kiss to his ear, his neck, his shoulder, he slowly rubbed himself against Sherlock's back, his cock nestling in between his cheeks but not moving to enter him just yet.
Awkward silence settled between them. They both had the same thought and quickly lifted their cups, both blowing at it first, to cool it down a little. John stole another quick glance at Sherlock over the rim of his cup and somehow, they immediately focussed on the wonderful cupid’s bow of Sherlock’s lips as they tentatively sipped at the tea, causing a sudden rush of arousal to spike in his loins.
“You ready for some fun?” the man’s rough voice asked, and dread filled Sherlock once again.
At once, he got a reply.
“Okay. Goodbye then. Tell him, I said bye.”
Sherlock’s attacker was about to be taken to the hospital in another ambulance. He was hurt pretty badly and had to be intubated right in front of him, but John didn’t care. That monster could die for what he had done to Sherlock, he couldn’t care less.
“What? Why not?” Something cold spread out in Sherlock’s chest and he shivered involuntarily.
It would have only served him right to get raped.
He laid his free hand over John’s hand covering his other. They both stared at their connected hands and John could almost feel the heat pooling in the pit of his stomach, adding to the overall restlessness of his body. His heart hammered against his ribcage. The air between them was heavy, and they would probably hear a pin drop in the perplexing silence between them.
John gently touched his right hand. “I'm going to lower you, Sherlock, alright?” He looked around himself frantically and then crouched down next to the woman on the floor to rummage in the pockets of her blazer. She was in her last breaths, but he just didn’t care. He found the keys to the handcuffs and made quick work of undoing them, although his hands were shaking considerably. Once he wasn’t held by the cuffs anymore, Sherlock’s body fell forward slowly. John caught him and lowered him to the ground, gently.
His friend raised an eyebrow. “Yes, John, of course. I’m fine. Everything’s good. I should ask you how you’re doing. Aren’t you mad at me for tricking you?”
Lovers or just very good friends, it didn’t matter.
“Yes, perfectly fine, Professor, thank you for asking, “he answered smoothly, proud of his unwavering voice. “Why do you ask?”
Yeah, no need to worry. None at all.
“I’m still tired, “he said wearily, as he forced himself to open his eyes. John was looking at him with an almost ridiculous amount of compassion, and Sherlock was almost overcome with gratitude. There was a lump in his throat he quickly swallowed down.
“You provoked her, didn’t you?”
“Good to know the police is as skilled as the criminals they’re supposed to catch.” Greg looked up to see John grinning at him.
“Alright.”
John was different. John was brilliant somehow.
“John?” he whispered hoarsely, and he blinked as the water fell onto his face. John laughed in relief and squeezed Sherlock’s shoulders.
Shocked at the words coming out of his mouth, John registered Sherlock looking at him open-mouthed, and wide-eyed and an inner voice told him to
Whew. So I'm hoping that wasn't too bad. I'm sorry for hurting Sherlock so much, but the more the hurt the better the comfort, right? I worked really hard on this chapter, trying to get it right, so I hope you like it.
He nodded at Greg and gratefully accepted the cup of coffee from him. Coffee was a little more suitable for him now than tea, for he could surely use that extra caffeine boost for the day that was ahead of him.
“37,3°. The fever’s gone.”
“Are you sure?” Sherlock asked, after a moment of silence.
, another voice in his head piped up.
John chuckled. “Alright then, good night.” It was only 3 in the afternoon. He went to the door but was stopped by Sherlock’s quiet words.
They drank their cups of tea in silence and Sherlock was thankful.
“It’s at 38.4°. Still a little too high for my taste. But it’s dropped quite a bit which is good. I hope that when you’ve rested some more, the fever will have broken completely.”
Mycroft scowled his typical scowl. “No, that’s not why I came here. I only wanted to make sure you’re alright, brother mine.”
“Help me get him off!”
“Well, how old are you? Seems you’re a bit young to be taking this course.”
“You needn’t have gone through the trouble, Mycroft, “Sherlock snapped as he turned away from John and tucked himself against the armrest of the couch, obviously pouting in his usual stance. “We are fine.”
John’s cheeks suddenly felt hot. “I know that it must look like that to you, “he replied quickly, “But I’m not like that! I know what I did was wrong. People make mistakes, alright? But one mistake doesn’t automatically make them bad people.”
His heart pounded against his ribcage, as John closed his eyes, waiting for the taste of those beautiful cupid-bow lips, the inevitable physical connection he had longed for so long finally coming to a close….
At the sudden loud bang of the door, Sherlock blinked, breaking the gaze between them and he threw his hands up into the air. “This is ridiculous, John.”
Once again, there's medical stuff in here I googled (as well as legal stuff) Forgive me any inconsistencies :)
“He still attacked and abused you, Sherlock, even if he didn’t rape you!” John’s voice was trembling hard now, he just couldn’t understand Sherlock’s stubbornness. “Mycroft wants that rape kit done, we need that evidence so that your attacker can be convicted.”
“Just stop it, alright? Stop making assumptions!” John was breathing heavily now, his body leaned forward, his eyes ablaze with barely restrained agitation and Sherlock actually took a step back, confused and maybe even a little bit afraid.
“Oh.”
Sherlock seemed relatively relaxed although he usually didn’t enjoy loud crows as well as many people stuffed together in one hot, room. John watched as Sherlock glanced around himself nervously at times as if to reassure himself there was still an exit he could take any time, but Sherlock caught him looking once and he smiled at him in silent reassurance.
“Alright, Mr. Holmes, “she chirped happily, “that wasn’t so hard, was it? I’ll leave you to your sleep then. Call if you need anything. Good night.” She left.
“It really isn’t. But as much as I would like to keep chatting about your fascinating although predictable relationship with my brother, I fear we do not have the time. I called for another reason, obviously.”
“Hey, “he said softly, as he sat down beside Sherlock lying on his side and tried to pull him towards him, onto his back. “Come here, love. I need to take your temperature.” He managed to position Sherlock so that he lay with his head on John’s thigh.
John awoke the next morning to the familiar sound of his best friend complaining.
Without even looking at him, Billy shoved Sherlock forward almost casually. John could only watch in horror as Sherlock fell backwards over the edge of the boat, eyes wide in surprise, his hands bound behind him.
Eventually, John swallowed as he held Sherlock’s gaze. “That’s uhm...really good to hear.”
“N-no “Sherlock whispered, tears glistening in his eyes because of the humiliating helplessness he was experiencing. He wanted to get away from this man. He wanted to be strong enough to punch him, to hurt him. He wanted John to be there. God, he
had gone insane.
Not that John was gay. He had dated a lot of women since he had moved into their flat, had proven his heterosexuality with it, never had seen Sherlock him with a man nor could he imagine him with one. He never seemed particularly interested in any of the women he brought home but that didn’t have to mean anything. Maybe he just hasn’t found the right one until now. Still, John was clearly into women, he was ordinary that way and it was fine. Sherlock didn’t care if he was gay or straight.
“Excellent.”
“Oh God, I knew it….”John groaned.
He flinched involuntarily when a friendly hand clasped his shoulder. “You’re hammered!” John’s voice suddenly very near his ear was a little too loud for his taste and he groaned, realizing his friend was delighted about the particular situation he was in.
“Dr. Watson.”
A short laugh escaped John’s lips. “Oh yes, of course. You’re incredible. Brilliant. Amazing.  Quite extraordinary.”
After a few more swabs, the most important ones the ones from under his fingernails, she was finished. She had collected every sample in plastic bags, signed and sealed, ready for analysing.
