And Steve knew that this didn’t really count as fulfilling his objective for the day, not until he knew that Tony knew that this was meant to be romantic, not until Tony had given him a clear answer one way or the other, but when Tony stood up and started heading over to the dance floor, he decided—the hell with it. He was going to dance with Tony and he was going to enjoy it, and he could make sure to ask Tony out for a proper date later.
“It’s what I hear,” Steve insisted. Then he dropped his voice a little, dared to bring his free hand up to card through Tony’s hair for just a moment. It was an indulgence on his part, but it made Tony sigh, so he kept it up, stroked once or twice more. “I’ll always be here to patch you up, Shellhead,” he murmured. The two of them were so close together that his lips brushed Tony’s hair when he spoke and the rich scent of him was filling his lungs with every breath. It felt… comfortable, so sweet it almost transcended his more physical wants, being so near the person he liked so much, but the moment didn’t last.
They were standing outside the dilapidated Stark Mansion, and things were starting to fall into place. Well, Steve didn’t understand what Tony claimed to be explaining even a little bit—mainly because Tony hadn’t said a word since he’d dragged Steve out of Club A and halfway across campus—but the simple fact that Tony had taken him to the Mansion was important. They’d talked about the Mansion, a week ago, when Steve had brought up Misty Knight, and Tony had looked unaccountably anxious then; he looked the same way now, standing outside the building itself. Steve figured there must be something inside, something he’d missed, that would make Tony make sense.
be time. He had to believe that.
He doesn’t.
After the closeness in their gaze, the time it took to walk over seemed almost interminably long. Half a dozen sentences flew through Steve’s mind, uncompleted. He remembered how to lean in close, how to tilt his head up and drop his voice into something warm and wanting, but the words seemed far away. Like they didn’t fit.
. When Steve got close Tony’s hands came up to his shoulders, guiding him in until he was only a few small inches away from Tony’s body, and he could almost feel the heat coming off of him. That crooked smile was wider now, pleased and just a little timid as he said, “Aren’t you going to dance
Ross nods, and accepts his work, and puts the arrest warrant back in his drawer for the night.
, of course, couldn’t be true in the way he’d once wanted before he realized that he’d already gone too far down this path to turn aside, but he could be open. He could take a taste of something other than bitterness with him into the cold of tomorrow morning. Tomorrow morning—
He doesn’t want to be angry with Bucky, so he shoves the feeling down. He puts it away in a little box, the place he puts everything that’s too big or too awful to deal with. It helps, most of the time. He put his confusion and frustration with the future into that box, and he fought the Chitauri with his team and
Tony wakes when Friday tells him he must; he wakes when Ross wants him. He stands and straightens his sleep-rumpled clothes, takes coffee from the machine that never stops making it, now. He misses the friends who would have stayed by his side, but he can’t involve them in this. His mail has been under surveillance for ages, he’s learned, and they’ll only be in more danger now that Ross has a real excuse to do it.
to. It feels like he’s already accomplished what he needed to do.
that mattered.
A misunderstanding, caused by the man named Zemo who is now in UN custody.
Ross is frustrated with the lack of Captain America. With a figurehead like that, a man could do anything. He could patch his political career, he could swing public opinion definitively, or he could even admit to the world that the UN is hunting down their beloved superheroes. Having Captain America is a superpower in itself, and it’s one that Ross covets desperately. Each morning the pile of tasks he leaves at his jackal’s door gets a little larger; now two leads for Tony to follow, now four, now a half dozen, until he feels like he has a hundred and eight different things to worry about every day. None of them turn up Captain America.
Tony can hear the Winter Soldier charging up behind him to defend his friend, and Tony disengages one hand to fire at him. He uses the power of the full suit to amp the sonic pulse up to double strength, and it’s enough to put the Soldier on the ground. There’s a clang as his metal arm hits the floor, but Tony doesn’t even look at him. Steve tries to take a swing at him, to surge up out of his grip, but Tony puts his hands back on Steve’s shoulders and slams him into the ground, hard enough to keep him there for a moment.
He wants that so much.
“Boss,” Friday says gently. “Call for you.”
It takes a long time.
“See you around,” he couldn’t help saying. It was a lie, but—
“It’s not dumb,” Tony said. The flippant posture was lost altogether, and he leaned forward earnestly. “I get it, really I do. I mean, I wasn’t a werewolf, but. Yeah. I get it.”
Instead, Steve downed the first two sandwiches inside of five minutes while his leg all but vibrated in place, bouncing against the stool.
But he can’t quit, not when there are people who need him. Not Steve, never Steve—Steve had needed
“You didn’t trust me to handle my own feelings, you didn’t trust me to believe you about the evil fake doctor over there, and you didn’t trust me to call off the fight if you just
In retirement.
you like me?” Tony said suddenly, smirking and turning away to watch Steven out of the corner of heavy-lidded eyes. “Gonna go down and show me what else you can do with that mouth of yours?” All at once his voice was snake oil and his eyes were shadowed. That lecherous grin was painted onto the gold and black mask of dim light and darkness, an exaggeration and a parody of real emotion.
A few of them are on his “side,” though he hates to think of there beings sides, especially given who that puts on the
“Not in there,” he said. “In the back yard. She’s called Friday, as far as I understand her.”
Steve resisted the temptation to tongue at him and instead leaned down to leave a trail of delicate, teasing kisses along Tony’s thigh, relishing the taste of deep golden skin and the little quivers of pleasure under his mouth. Tony was so responsive and so easy under Steve’s hands, his pleasure so evident in his every sound and movement, and flattery or no flattery Steve hadn’t felt so
He failed the people he cares about. He broke the law. And he’s going to do whatever he has to do to make up for what he did wrong.
“Care to put a name to that lovely smile?” the man said, voice even and low, smoothing right into the music as if it were his personal accompaniment. All of Steve’s opening moves vanished and reflex took over.
He can look at the signed approval from the committee, awaiting only a highly probable ratification and a signature from another founding Avenger—half a victory—and think
. The humiliation as his cock wilted and slipped out was almost more than he could take. He
“Your reasons are your reasons, I don’t need you to tell me what they are to respect them,” Steve said. Tony was silent for a few moments, chewing on his lip in a way that now, Steve supposed, he was fully allowed to appreciate.
The next touch felt something like answer-gratitude-approval, and Steve realized she’d been testing him. Maybe she hadn’t really trusted his promise to Tony, or maybe she hadn’t trusted that it was made to
; that much will be obvious from the first memories it encounters. He can’t say
Tony takes longer lunches now, not to try Ross’ patience but to bolster his own. He comes to know the old man who owns the coffee shop and the young woman who helps him run it, he learns about the love life of the waitress with the friendly smile. There’s a book shop only a few streets over, too-nice and expensive, because this is Manhattan, but smallish and charming on the inside.
. They kissed intense and fast and frantic, and Steve was starting to feel wonderfully lightheaded.
“I’m good, it’s nothing,” he lied.
It would be so much easier to admit that he wants Captain America back nearly as badly as Ross does.
“It’s
,” Tony says. “You knew my parents didn’t just die in a
It’s not a new idea to him, really. From the very first time they shoved him into tights and thrust him on stage, the first time he realized he was just the press’s dancing monkey, he’s known that Captain America and Steve Rogers are not quite the same person. Captain America is something more, he’d always thought. An ideal, something to strive for, something to put on to inspire other people. Bucky had been even better at making the distinction; he loved Steve too much not to resent the Captain at least a little bit, he always said.
Steve didn’t see Tony for a while, after that. Tony wasn’t avoiding him, or at least not very much, he didn’t think. He was just helping Strange fight the various enemies who breached the Academy but then mostly stood around on the quad wreaking minor havoc. At least, Steve hoped that was all it was. He would understand if Tony didn’t want to spend time with him, after what he had tried to do, but the idea still hurt. Tony was a good friend, and didn’t know what he’d do if he lost him.
“Yeah, Tony, I do know you,” Steve sighed. He eased Tony down to sit on his bed and then headed into the tiny en-suite bathroom to grab his first aid kit—or Sam’s first aid kit, rather; Steve knew his tendency to leave injuries to the serum and hope for the best was unhealthy.
than he’d been looking for, and he abruptly couldn’t escape the knowledge that tonight wouldn’t be enough for him. He ducked away from Tony’s gaze as a dull ache opened up in the back of his heart, like the beginnings of a headache.
Good enough, maybe, to make them believe the pretty lies he has to tell for all the questions they want to ask him.
Tony takes a deep breath, and he teaches his AI what it’s like to be drunk.
, not settling for the lesser evil.
It felt good, because it’s what he was made for. Violence. War. Even in Brooklyn, he’d spent half his time getting himself beaten down trying to beat somebody twice his size.
want to have sex with you,” Tony said, not meeting Steve’s eyes.
kids.
“I think I want to try,” he said. “I think I want—“
But in the end, Tony thinks of a tide of bitterness broken by
version, this all-too-human version, is the one who earned that.
, sweetheart.”
you. I—I want to try to fix this, to tell you why—“
, and he didn’t look like he was thinking about circulation at all.
“Ross,” Steve growls.
Everything goes dark.
It takes him a minute to realize that his hand is covering up a painstaking inscription in the corner.
After a few sandwiches and an hour of lighthearted conversation, they were both pretty relaxed, and Steve, well. Steve was starting to feel brave. It helped that the club was mostly empty at this time of day; there were only a few students hanging around for lunch instead of taking the longer trip out into the city, and Kamala was over at the pool table. She’d probably be writing fanfiction about them if she noticed, but no one else would care, and in that moment, neither did Steve.
As he slicked his fingers, he watched Tony’s hips shift and open wider to him—involuntarily, because Tony’s eyes hadn’t left Steve’s hands since the moment the lube had been opened. Tony really wanted this, which would make it easier. He still jumped when Steve first brushed between his legs, slightly chilly, but he took the first finger easy as anything and the breath left him in one long whoosh.
“Huh,” Tony was saying, rough tone clarifying as he came fully awake. “So I didn’t die.”
Today he’s going to hunt down the former Avengers.
There was the sound of jet boots kicking on, and then Tony was gone.
There’s no reason to anymore. He’s lost.
Maybe Tony was here to be honest, too. Maybe he
“What, this?” Steve said. He gave another forceful thrust of fingers.
Sam had joked, once, about the speeches Steve gave, and at the time Steve had laughed. Of course he spent time thinking of what to say—no situation that called for a speech could call for anything less than his very best. That didn’t always mean it was difficult. Those thoughts, of freedom, of justice, of his ideals, lived all the time more or less quietly in the back of his head, so when the time did come it was sometimes only a matter of pulling out the right ones like ingredients from the refrigerator. Other times it was more like finding the right ingredient from the back of a high shelf behind a half-dozen other jars. But those thoughts, the important ones, were never far out of reach.
The screen goes dark.
Now, he looks more like death, and it hurts.
“Hey, Steve,” Tony said cheerfully, refusing to acknowledge anything strange about the way he was dressed. He did take the hat and beard off as he sat down at the stool beside Steve, though, and Steve felt the bizarre and powerful urge to run his fingers through Tony’s artfully slicked-back hair to see how disheveled it would get.
Ross is furious, of course. He won’t stand for being betrayed, even by someone who was only threatened into working for him in the first place. He won’t stand for anything less than exactly what he wants. He confiscates Tony’s workshop, and his technology. He narrows Tony’s house arrest to the penthouse, which is stripped down to its barest bones. All of Friday’s outgoing communications are disabled. None of this is a surprise.
“It’s selfish. It is. But I don’t want—half, or whatever’s left, or—Tony, I want
For the first time, Steve wondered whether Tony could really be so young as he looked. That instinct to hide and paint over some old wound with sex—it didn’t come from nowhere. He knew he had no right to demand reciprocity from a man he’d only just met, but he wanted it fiercely, and he’d thought—
It’s easier to get at money here, where he already had accounts and—child of the Depression that he is—more than one cache of money where he didn’t think anyone would find it. He travels around a little bit here too, going up and down the East Coast and spending a few days looking out at the Heartland’s amber waves of grain, but then he always finds himself gravitating back home to New York.
“No—well, yes, I like the rougher—but I mean the other thing, the—“
Steve raised an eyebrow and tilted the tumbler in front of him with his thumb and forefinger.
But no, it wouldn’t do any good to work himself up over past mistakes. They’d compromised, gotten past that. It didn’t matter anymore. What mattered was here and now, where Steve would maybe, finally, stop talking to himself and just go out and
“If that’s what you—“
“Stay—just, stay,” he manages.
Friday was there too, because this had started out as more of a hangout than an actual date, but she was sitting just as quietly as they were, armor set aside and long legs folded up gracefully underneath her. Like horses, she couldn’t sit or lay down too long, but for a little while, it was nice to have all three of them on the grass like this, low down and feeling just how high the sky was above them.
“Thank you,” Bucky Barnes says.
The roil of emotion in Tony’s chest builds and builds until it quite literally explodes, unibeam ripping right through the Winter Soldier’s metal arm and throwing him to the floor.
In the center of the quad there was something that Steve could only describe as a tentacle monster—and hey, that was new—and it was surrounded by a guard, who were vanishing one by one as Stephen Strange’s spells took effect, each with a loud sound and a flash. Steve didn’t know much about magic, but the bright colors of the flashes made him wonder whether it wasn’t just a touch flashier than was actually necessary. Then the guards were gone, and the tentacle monster was left undefended, and Steve couldn’t have taken his eyes off if he’d tried. Tony, dressed once again in his wizard’s robes and hat, stepped up to the monster without even the smallest sign of fear in his posture. Steve’s first instinct was to call out to him, to run up and unsling his shield to protect him, but then Tony raised his hands, and Steve learned that Tony didn’t need protecting, not even a little bit.
"Thank you—“
The veil goes up in Steve’s eyes again.
“Yeah, anything,” Steve answered, and then winced at himself. How much sappier could he get? Ignoring it, he stood up and set his sketchbook down, the nearly finished bot facing up from the open page; now more than ever he wanted to be completely transparent with Tony.
Steve has a good head for languages, partly because of the serum’s gift of neuroplasticity, and it isn’t long before he’s got enough Wakandan under his belt to try talking to people who aren’t dignitaries or English students. That, too, is uncomfortable at first, but the people he meets are usually tolerant of his pronunciation, and that improves over time anyway. He talks to the Wakandan people about everything and nothing, the weather, that new plant he’s never seen before, that tradition he doesn’t understand.
became clear soon enough as Steve slicked one of Tony’s fingers with his free hand. The third finger to press Tony open was his own, wider and warmer than Steve’s, if not quite as deep from his position. His body was hot and so, so tight around the two of them, holding their fingers close and slick together as the muscle contracted. Steve swallowed hard yet again, and Tony shuddered.
Tony looked—well, he looked like he was having even more trouble believing this than he’d had believing magic existed the first time Stephen Strange showed up. His eyes were wide and his fingers were clenching and unclenching at his side, as though a physical motion might help him grasp what Steve was trying to tell him.
Steve is walking back to his very, very small apartment after the shift one day when he hears the familiar sounds of fists on flesh. Someone is being hurt.
For a couple long minutes, he kept experimenting, pressing in deeper, searching, scissoring his fingers, reveling in the way Tony’s quiet sighs turned into louder and louder moans as his body warmed up to the sensation. Before long Tony was hitching his hips into every thrust of Steve’s fingers and shuddering in the most flattering way, and Steve had to resist the urge to touch himself in rhythm. Tony would need him to last as long as he could.
forming ideas about you,” Steve pointed out.
; he’d just thought they were decorative. He watched more closely, unconsciously rocking up onto the balls of his feet with anticipation, as Tony and the monster continued to trade blows. The way Tony moved in the fight was not unlike the way he moved on the dance floor, though Steve felt guilty making the comparison, guilty thinking about that at all when he’d been so directly turned down—but Tony
“I love you, too.”
It only takes a moment to load up the information Ross wants him to investigate, and the screen lights up: two parallel displays of information about the incidents, and a small green circle in the corner, the one that means Ross or one of his analysts is watching. No minesweeper for Tony Stark, not today.
Steve grabbed what he’d been angling for in the first place and then knelt between Tony’s thighs, facing his challenge with new determination. This had to be
you’re a person.”
life?”
And he
“Me too, actually,” he managed. “I’m—well, I have—“ There was no honest way to finish that sentence, but Tony didn’t ask.
“Maybe I just wanted you to give me a little of those magic hands, did you think of that, Steve?”
He had to do better. He’d promised himself that he would be perfectly friendly to Tony, friendly and nothing more. Tony was just so kind and sweet and funny, and, frankly, gorgeous as hell, and it was so
It’s because of the friends— the
“You ready to start now?” Steve asked hoarsely.
, Steve was reminded, but he did his best to ignore it. The blossom of warmth was still growing where he’d put it away.
“Uh. I’m a strategist,” he added, though he didn’t see how that could be helpful. “You want to draw up battle plans together?”
Steve looks over at Bucky, still nearly standing and frozen still at the other end of the wing, and he feels a little of his anger dissipate. He needs Bucky, and he always has, but this is Bucky’s choice. He doesn’t agree with it, but he can’t stop him from making it. Steve thanks the warrior and leaves the room, trying desperately to calm his whirling thoughts.
However, Tony couldn’t just go to Steve and tell him he had changed his mind after how he had reacted, could he? He knew Steve had been more than willing to play a father for him, but what if he had changed his mind too due to Tony’s outburst? Or what if Steve hadn’t and Tony’s curiosity turned out to be just the result of having an unfulfilled idea in his brain, and after trying it he discovered he didn’t like it after all?
“Do me a favor champ, go to the kitchen and get as many nuggets as you want, they’re on the counter,” Steve instructed.
“You don’t have to do anything,” Steve assured, rubbing his thumb against the back of his left hand. Every time they talked about something serious, Steve insisted on keeping some sort of physical contact, arguing it was important. Tony didn’t completely agree with that, but he couldn’t deny either that Steve’s touch was always comforting.
“Because I thought you wouldn’t agree,” Steve excused himself.
Going to bed with him almost every night, sharing meals whenever Steve ate at home, showing up on the rare occasions Steve had enough free time to sit down and watch a movie, claiming he was about to take a bath when Steve had announced he was going to do the same. Certainly those things were nothing to write home about, but then Steve remembered all the times he had had to literally drag Tony out of his workshop to make him sleep for more than a couple of hours or eat something besides coffee and junk food, and Steve was convinced the oddness of the situation wasn’t something created by his own paranoia. The fact that Tony was doing all that of his own free will spoke volumes.
If you saw any mistakes, please let me know :)
But it was just a matter of time before Tony got him hooked with the perks of technology, showing him how useful it could be when used properly. By the time they started dating, Steve was a lost cause. Tony would never get tired of seeing Steve’s expression of pure amazement whenever he found out that something he thought impossible could be achieved with today’s technological advances. And when Steve let himself try the internet, well, that had been it. He could spend all day surfing on the Internet if there was nothing better to do, especially now that it wasn’t necessary to be sitting down in front of a computer to do so, as you could use a cell phone or a tablet.
Without knowing what to do, Tony started to hyperventilate, too deep in his Little headspace to be able to come up with a clever excuse to get away with the situation without having to explain anything. He couldn’t quite make out Steve’s expression, since he was either laughing or frowning like Tony expected him to do. Nothing. Steve just stood there, wearing a blank expression – slight curiosity, at the most. That made Tony feel even much uneasier.
By the tenth swat he was already gasping for air and fighting some tears treating to fall, his legs kicking more because of his reflexes than for the intention of escaping, which was, well, impossible. Sitting at the table and having dinner would have been so much better than this, now he started to feel stupid for not doing that since the beginning.
And how had Steve managed to get Tony to clean up? That was something not even Tony could explain. One minute he was staring at Steve with a ‘I’m-not-buying-it’ expression on his face while the latter pretended putting away the boxes was fun, and the next minute Tony was trying to gather more boxes than Steve, turning the whole thing into a competition without realizing it. Trying to beat Steve somehow gave Tony a rush of adrenaline, and the look on his face when Tony had dared to knock his pile down had been priceless.
That caused another sigh, Steve was getting a little bit frustrated. Though he shouldn’t be, not really, Tony refusing to separate from him and to eat wasn’t even close to a worst-case scenario.
Steve was a dead man, he had gone too far. Tony was going to suit up and beat the hell out of him. Literally. He would break his shield into pieces and then he would punch him, kick him, shot him, and everything that was necessary to finish him.
“Because you had already agreed,” Steve couldn’t understand how Tony was able to change his mind so fast and easily. Had he done something wrong? Something that had scared him away?
and thanks a lot for you kudos and comments, you have no idea how they brighten my day ♥
Trying to compose himself and overcome his panic, Tony breathed slowly as he gathered enough strength to lift his left leg and swing it over the side of the crib. Unfortunately, the sides were too high and the only thing Tony managed to do was lose his balance and fall flat on his bum. Cursing under his breath, he stood up again, keeping the balance easily this time. He would have to jump all at once, there was no other way. He definitely would hit himself too when he got out if this situation, why on earth had he built the sides too high? He took a jump just to figure how much strength he would need, hating how noisy the diaper sound every time he moved, not to mention how clumsy his movements were because of the damn thing too. Tony would get rid of it as soon as he was out of there, but first, jumping. He flexed both legs a little ready to leap, when the door opened, letting Steve inside the room.
Without further delay, Phil reached the bedroom, opened the door and entered. Tony turned his head towards the entrance instantly, and Phil witnessed how his expression changed from hopeful, to disappointed, to finally horrified. Before Phil could do anything to avoid it, Tony got off the bed and ran towards the closet, closing the doors behind him.
- - - - -
“This is my fucking house and I can fucking swear as much as I fucking WANT!” the only reason he screamed the last word was because he found out how hard the door was when in contact with a foot.
Day in day out, Tony sneaked out in his own house. He spent no time in the communal rooms, he hid all day in his workshop, and the time the Avengers were assembled to deal with some robots that wanted to destroy the city, he made sure to leave as soon as the problem was taken care of in order to avoid running into Steve. Yes, more of his not-so-mature behavior, but it was better than the alternative. And of course Steve had been looking for him, wanting to talk to him. JARVIS had informed Tony a lot of times that the captain tried to get in touch, but Tony wouldn’t do it. He didn’t want to do it. He couldn’t do it.
“No, I’m not,” Steve assured, bringing Clint closer to his chest. “But it’d be nice if you listened to me when I warned you about something.”
Tony flopped down onto the couch, eyes fixed on the dozens of open boxes that flooded his workshop. The clean-up would be a pain. Tony might like neat and tidy places, but that didn’t mean he liked to clean. He would prefer to build a robot which get rid of the mess than tidying up himself. As a matter of fact, Tony might as well do that – after all, it wouldn’t be the first time, nobody knew but Dummy’s first task was throwing away the coffee cups, food wraps and all that got accumulated on his desk – but right now he needed to focus on the contents of the boxes rather than the boxes themselves.
“It doesn’t. And even if it did, it tastes good. When have I given you something that had a bad taste?”
"You haven't answered to my question," Tony complained.
“Yes, you do! You used to wear it when we just started dating, it was annoying. I mean, we were already dating, you could hug me whenever you wanted," Tony informed, swinging his legs over the mattress, crossing them.
Tony shook his head.
"JARVIS didn't tell me anything this time," Steve informed, still holding the fork up. "This is the first time you emerge from the workshop for two days, I just figured you haven't eaten anything substantial while being down there," he explained, moving the fork closer to Tony's mouth, "c'mon, open up," he asked, but Tony moved his head away while he pushed Steve's hand.
Truth to told, Tony didn’t know for sure.
“You want what?” Steve prompted, and Tony could tell he had his full attention even if he still refused to look up at him.
They had been sparring for more than two hours, and even if Clint was in perfect shape, his heavy breathing indicated he was already getting exhausted. Steve, on the other hand, was just starting to warm up. The serum could be considered a big advantage during battles, but it was in situations like these ones when it was also a disadvantage, no one could ever keep up with him.
“Wait, Tony!” But there was no answer.
If you saw any mistakes, please please, let me know, I'd truly appreciate it :3
“No, I’m not, you broke my fingers!”
“Shhh, it’s OK kiddo, just close your eyes again,” Steve interrupted him.
Concerned, Phil stood by the door trying to decide what to do next. Experience indicated him he should pretend that what had just happened lacked importance at the same time he was comforting, though Phil wasn’t sure Tony would allow that. In his adult mindset, Tony always gave the impression that he was the kind of person who liked to deal with things on his own, and disliked when someone seemed to meddle. Phil wasn’t sure how much of that trait remained in Tony now that he was clearly in a different mindset.
He was enjoying the bubble bath, he truly was. Steve had undressed him, helped him into the bathtub, scrubbed his body and washed his head with such patient, care and affection that it hadn't been possible for Tony not to love it. By the time Steve had finished, Tony had been more than ready to go to bed, so he had gotten a little taken aback when, instead of taking him out of the bathtub, Steve had retrieved some bath toys from a washbowl Tony hadn’t noticed before and put them on the water.
While being in his little headspace, Tony felt so relaxed, in a state of carefree and responsibility-free he had truly never experienced. It was like an infinite-floaty space that seemed boundless and filled his head with not-completely-known sensations and feelings. When Steve fed him, changed his diapers, carried him, it just felt right, it felt like that was how things were supposed to be. Tony didn’t have to worry about anything anymore, he only had to sit back and let himself be taken care of – something totally new for him, he was embarrassed to recognize.
“What happened here JARVIS? Why is everything wrecked? Did somebody break into the Tower? Were we attacked?”
“Pepper told you?” Tone echoed, raising an eyebrow, “Are you freaking stalking me or what?” he demanded, sounding extremely alarmed, but not angry at all.
Crying non-stop for almost a complete day just because Steve hadn’t been around sounded foolish from any perspective.
“No.”
Eventually, on those days when he got so tired of fighting back the desires of his Little side, he started to build himself a nursery. He was awesome at creating things with his hands, so carpentry was a piece of cake for him, really. It didn’t take him long to create everything he ever dreamed of having. A crib, a changing table, a rocking chair, a high-chair. Everything a nursery usually had. JARVIS had even helped him to get all the supplies needed. It was amazing how many things one could find on the internet. Adult-size diapers with very childish designs, pacifiers, and bottles with nipples big enough for adults. Even onesies big enough to fit him!
“Okay, see you later then,” Steve uttered before leaning forward and pressing a quick kiss to Tony’s lips.
“I checked all the books. It’s not here,” Clint assured.
"Tony," Steve expressed, clearly surprised to see him enter their bedroom. "I was about to go and see if you were still alive," he joked as he leaned to put on his shoes, though his tone of voice was falsely light. Steve had told him several times he was truly afraid Tony was going to kill himself one of these days for depriving himself of sleep that much.
“How the hell don’t you know?!” Howard demanded before picking up the glass laying sitting in front of him, swallowing all its contents. It couldn’t have been water, Tony figured.
What his brain came up with wasn’t something Tony felt particularly awful for doing.
“Not anymore,” Clint announced, pouting when Steve moved the sippy cup closer to him once more. “I want a glass,” he repeated, and he slouched in his chair. If Steve wasn’t going to allow Clint to keep the sippy cup away from him, then he was going to keep himself away from it.
A little gracelessly, as the splint obliged him to move clumsily, Steve scooted over right beside Tony. Closeness always did wonders for him, especially when he was this anxious. Tony’s body stiffened so hard that there was a moment when Steve thought he was going to try to run away once more, but he stayed right where he was, only tightening his hold on the pillow. Perhaps he wanted to resolve this matter as much as Steve did.
“No!” Tony shouted, and he covered his mouth with his hands right after, eyes wide open in realization of his slip-up.
Certainly, Tony loved how OK Steve seemed to be with the whole situation.
“A movie?” Clint asked, taking some more pasta to his mouth.
Before Steve got the chance to finish that sentence, an illegible thud interrupted him. He turned his head around looking for Clint right away, noises caused by him were never a good sign, and his suspicions increased when his eyes met Clint’s. They were teary. Steve stood with Tony in his arms and approached the kitchen island, leaning out to see what was on the other side of it. How on earth had Clint managed to end up with the rest of the pizza on his feet? Steve had no clue.
“Now,” Steve said, placing the three items on his lap so Tony could get a good look at them, “it’s going to be the same with these, baby. You can pick what you want to wear, and it doesn’t have to be the definitive choice,” he reminded as he smiled fondly at his apprehensive baby.
daddy, and I love having you as my baby,” he emphasized, and he could feel Tony’s hands clutching his shirt. “So, don’t say that I prefer spending time with Clint or that you’re boring, because that’s not true. If the only thing you want to do all afternoon is to be rocked by me, I’m perfectly happy to do that. Remember I wanted to give this a try not only because I liked it, but because I really thought this was going to be beneficial for you too,” he assured, smiling when Tony snuggled closer to him. “And because I do want this to be a two-way street, if you don’t feel comfortable being my baby and you think you’ll feel more comfortable being a bit older, you can tell me, I wouldn’t mind.”
Tony was tempted to ask him not to go, but he had reached his limit of doing embarrassing things for one day. It didn’t take long for fatigue to overcome him, and he was fast asleep soon after, a tiny smile visible on his face. Steve had just tucked him in, and Tony couldn’t deny it had felt nice.
Nevertheless, the fact that Tony didn’t like to be mad at Steve didn’t mean he was going to let what had happened pass just like that. Tony undoubtedly had the right to be upset, Steve had gone too far this time. Yes, Tony knew there would be some people who would say he was overreacting, after all, Steve hadn’t done anything but feed him, bath him, put him to bed, entertain him and some other things that supported Steve’s claim of not being doing anything wrong, just pampering because he loved looking after him. Tony wasn’t going to say that hadn’t been true, but that hadn’t been the whole truth and that was what made him furious.
To ease the vast burden all that was causing on his conscience, Tony never looked the footage for more than five seconds. He knew that didn’t exonerate him from the guilt, what he was doing was undoubtedly incorrect, but that somehow reaffirmed his excuse of being doing this solely because that was the only way his own mind wouldn’t drive him crazy.
Steve though about taking down the nursery, perhaps not completely, but there certainly were some stuff and furniture that he could give away, that maybe other people could put to better use. Because that was the problem, the nursery wasn’t being used, and besides the fact that Steve disliked wasting things, he believed there was no point in having a room specifically designed and furnished for age playing if the person to whom it was originally intended for didn’t want to have anything to do with it – and showed no intentions of changing his mind – and the other sporadic visitant avoided it at all costs – something that Steve couldn’t complain about, since Clint’s apparent aversion to it was caused by him.
It turned out Clint had been more temperamental than Phil had told him. When Steve asked him if he wanted to go and watch TV, Clint just shook his head, and he continued doing that at every suggestion Steve gave. For the next thirty minutes, they stayed right there where they were, until Steve decided it wasn’t such a good idea to keep the toddler with damp clothes. After a quick trip to the nursery, Steve settled on the living room couch when Clint willingly sat on his lap once more.
Age Play was just another thing they could have definitely talked about, Tony had meant what he had said: it didn’t seem to be that twisted, there certainly were worse things people used as a coping mechanism.
Good grief! Steve had blown raspberries several times over the last months, so he might do that to try to cheer him up. Tony’s body tensed up one more time.
However, the diaper thing wasn’t something that Tony had to be careful of being found out about, unlike the thumb-sucking and the bedwetting, since there was no way he would be able to get his hands on one of them. Spending every day at the boarding school, even on most of the holidays and vacations, meant that he couldn’t just go and buy them. Needless to say that he would never dare to do that on the rare occasions when he was allowed to spend time at home.
"Shhh, you’re clearly tired. Tomorrow you can continue working on whatever you were working this afternoon, but right now we're going to go upstairs, Daddy's going to give you a nice bath, get you ready for bed, feed you some delicious dinner, so you can go right straight to bed all relaxed and with a happily satisfied tummy," Steve informed, his eyes fixed on Tony's. If there had been a slight doubt whether Steve was carrying their play date out or not, this cleared it.  "OK, baby?" he asked, though Tony knew Steve wasn’t giving him an option. Not really.
“Oh my God, oh my God, I traveled through time without even realizing it!” Tony exclaimed, throwing his hands about in a sign of frustration. “I’m living the exact same moment from two fucking hours ago! JARVIS, did you register that? I hope you did because you must tell me later how it happened, this is breakthrough!” The A.I. didn’t even bother to answer to that, JARVIS had learned long ago to ignore his creator when he was being totally sarcastic.
"Why do you do this to yourself, Tony? Why do you try so hard to deny yourself what you want?" Steve questioned, moving closer to Tony.
“I know you’re a big boy buddy, it’s just in case you have an accident,” Steve coaxed, extending a hand to Clint. He had already spread the changing mat out on the floor and had retrieved all the supplies he needed to diaper Clint, the only thing that was missing was Clint himself.
By now, Tony must have figured this pattern out and he hadn’t complained about it at all. When Steve had been a little hesitant to let him go to the bathroom days later after that particular night, Tony hadn't insisted any further. He had looked a bit distressed and ashamed, and he had waited until Steve left the room to retrieve a glass of water to use his diaper, but other than that, Tony hadn't showed any signs that indicated he had gotten mad whatsoever at the way Steve was handling things.
Tony might have as well asked Steve to clear up his doubts, but that would make him believe Tony was reconsidering the whole situation, and Tony didn’t want him to think that. Again, it might be just his desire to satisfy his curiosity of what the Age Play was like, and Tony might not end up liking it, so it was better not to bring up the topic with Steve. There had to be another way to find the answers to his questions which didn’t involve Steve.
I know, this is taking me forever to update, but I've been busy, and I guess not such in the mood, and experiencing writer's block and so many other things that, well, I guess at the end they don't really matter.
“But we’re not talking about me now.”
Sorry for taking too long to update. I was kind of busy during Christmas vacation (I really didn't get as many days off as I had planned) and I started the year with too much work.
“I’m not lying!” Tony argued, pouting.
“What?” He repeated the question, a light shade of red showing up on his face when Steve smiled at him, undoubtedly revealing what thoughts were crossing his mind right in that moment.
After some more time had passed, he stood up carefully, not wanting to wake him. Steve really had to find a way to help Tony to get into his Llittle headspace without having to throw these kinds of tantrums beforehand, otherwise negative feelings would be always attached to this process, and well, that could not end well. If this was one of his ways of coping with stress, it should be something that helped him to relax, not to get more stressed.
“Of course,” Steve agreed without hesitating, though he wondered why Clint would ask for such a thing when it was Tony the one who paid for all their food.
“I don’t need a nap. You can’t even take naps at night! If you haven’t noticed, it’s night already,” Tony pointed out.
Well, I do have a lot of things to do, but I love procrastination, so I ended up writing a little instead of clearing up my desk from all the paperwork I have accumulated (which is the thing that stressed me in the first place and made me want to write, so, no regrets XD)
What was Tony going to do when they broke up? (and Tony said ‘when’ because he wouldn’t dare to dream that they were going to stay together forever, his record of failed relationships deterred him from doing that) Drinking, burying himself in work, having meaningless sex, there were a lot of things that he could do in order to get through that breakup. But what about his little self? How was that part of him going to get over it? Would Tony have to hire someone to give him a bottle and change his diapers? The mere thought of that made him shudder. Besides, this was something he had agreed to do because Steve had requested it, Tony couldn’t even imagine age playing with someone else.
His hands didn’t move fast enough to cover his mouth before saying that sentence, the sentence that fucked everything up.
“For fuck’s sake Steve! I’m not a damn child! Get that into your head already! You shouldn’t treat me like this! I shouldn’t let you treat me like this! It’s wrong! I’m a fucking adult! I don’t need your fucking pancakes or milkshakes, I’m perfectly content with coffee and pizza! I don’t need your praising or approval! And I certainly don’t need you to tell me fucking fairytales! God, if you ever do that again, I’m going to fucking kick your ass!” Tony stormed, standing up and slamming his fists on the table.
Damn X-Men and their stupid idea of requesting The Avengers' help. Damn Magneto and his ability to control metal. If it hadn’t been because of him, Tony’s suit wouldn’t have been damaged, he wouldn’t have needed a ride home, and therefore, he wouldn’t have had to sit down in front of Steve where he could perfectly notice the havocs of being struggling against his Little headspace for more than a month now.
“Guestroom?” Steve echoed, eyebrows drawn together in a puzzled and confused frown.
Only twenty minutes later, Tony started that adorable fluttering of his eyes where they remained closed for far longer than open, undeniable signal that soon he’d fall asleep. Taking into account how little he must have slept over the last days and how mortifying all this situation had to be for him, it was no surprise. Steve only needed to keep reading and rocking him for a bit while longer till his baby was finally sound asleep, though keeping him like that proved to be harder than foreseen.
“Not h-hungy,” was the muffled answer.
, but only if you want it too.”
Had Steve planned something exceptional, or was he aiming for something simple for the first time they were going to give Age Play a try? Steve was not one to squander money, he barely used the credit card Tony had given to him, arguing he had everything he needed there in the Tower. However, when it was about Tony, Steve wanted to spare no expense. Therefore, if Steve showed him he had installed a complete playset in one of the unused floors of the Tower, Tony wouldn’t be surprised.
____________
All of a sudden, Tony stood up fast and made a beeline to his desk, vanishing any idea Steve might have had of him willing leave the workshop. He tried to pick up whatever he had been working on before dozing off, just an excuse to turn his back on him, he really didn’t want to face him right now.
“No!”
“No, I don’t,” Steve denied, looking away. He had never been able to hold a stare when he was lying. Because what Phil had said had been totally true.
“Leave it to you to always manage to hurt yourself in your own house,” Steve commented, standing up and holding out his hand to help Tony get up. Tony didn’t hesitate to accept it.
Clint did nothing to avoid the kick. Steve had told him several times that tactic of his of receiving a blow just to get a better aim always fell on deaf ears, though that had somehow made him blows-resistant. Steve raised his arms more as he closed his eyes unconsciously, hoping his forearms stopped the punch Clint would surely throw now, but he opened them again when he heard something hitting the floor with a thud.
“So, now that you’re my baby again, there’s something daddy would like to know,” Steve proclaimed as he prevented Tony from taking his thumb closer to his mouth once more. “Why didn’t you want to be my baby anymore?”
Thanks for your wonderful comments and kudos :D ♥
“Sweety, Clint’s not even paying attention to us,” Steve had assured. “Look, he’s there minding his own business,” he pointed out. Said business consisted on trying to unsnap his onesie, because without the overalls the onesie didn’t look like a t-shirt anymore, and Clint loathed wearing clothes for babies.
“Captain Rogers, I took the liberty to call Agent Coulson, he’s on the line and he’d like to talk to young agent Barton,” JARVIS announced out of the blue, startling the three of them. Clint lifted his teary face, calling for his daddy, and began crying harder when the room was filled with Phil’s voice, looking desperately for him.
It seemed Tony was willing to stay forever right where he was despite the fact that the position wasn’t the most comfortable one. Jeez! Even Steve had no problem with staying just like that for the rest of the day – the soreness not being enough to make him want to move away – but, unfortunately, their talk wasn’t over yet, and Steve doubted Tony would want to keep cuddling when he began to ask questions Tony would certainly not want to answer.
After several minutes, Tony could recover from his shock and gather the enough strength and will to stand up and ran as fast as he could to his room, slamming the door and locking it. Now that he thought about it, that had been a very childish reaction. Damn. Steve knocked at the door and apologized for going in without a warning, and asked Tony to please go outside so they could talk about what happened, but it was obvious that Tony wouldn’t do that. He was too busy trying to get through the worst panic attacked he had ever experience in his life. There was no way he could face Steve after what had happened.
But now, Tony would give anything to have Steve right there beside him, because that stupid nightmare had unsettled him more than it should have, more than he was willing to admit. Once his anger towards JARVIS decreased a bit, Tony realized his heart continued pounding like a jackhammer, he’d broken out in a sweat yet again, and he could literally feel the fear creeping under his skin, because as illogical and implausible it was, he couldn’t help thinking someone would slam open the door at any moment and drag him out of bed and into a place he couldn’t nor didn’t want to imagine.
“Why wouldn’t he want to be with me?”
it was going to happen.
But maybe the problem was that Clint’s toys and his were different. It was no secret that Steve wanted him to pretend to be a very young kid (if Tony still struggled to call Steve ‘daddy’, using the word ‘baby’ to refer to himself was something he couldn’t bring himself to do either), so his toys consisted of blocks, stuffed animals, stacking towers, coloring books and puzzles. Those things were definitely not striking enough for his adult brain. How could Tony play with something that his brain considered to be anything but fun?
This situation had gone downhill further than Steve had expected, and the worse part was that, now that he thought about it, there was no one to blame but themselves, all this had happened due to their lack of communication skills. Having given Tony some space and time to reflect and organize his thoughts hadn’t been bad, but now Steve knew he should’ve been a bit more persistent. It wasn’t like he’d force Tony to do anything against his will, but Steve could’ve insisted on finding out what had led Tony to decide quitting age playing, especially when he’d really seemed to enjoy it.
Every time Tony fell asleep in the workshop at night, and he was extremely tired to complain, Steve took him to their bedroom. At the beginning of their relationship, Steve woke him up and walk him to the room, Tony’s arm slung around Steve’s shoulder while Steve’s arm surrounded his waist so he could support half of his weight. Then, when their relationship became more stable, Steve began carrying him bridal style, which Tony didn’t quite like, but he couldn’t deny that was better than having to walk when the only thing he wanted to do was going back to sleep so he could wake up early the next day and continue working on whatever it was that had kept him awake for several days.
It was always the same. Whenever Clint got immerse in any activity, he tended to overlook his body functions. Phil had to pay close attention to him and remind him to go to the bathroom when Clint showed any sign of having a full bladder, otherwise he would continue doing whatever he was doing and make use of his pull-up, which he totally dreaded and only leaded to tears.
Steve enjoyed meeting all his needs, and Tony was learning to enjoy being looked after, that feeling of wrongness linked to that slowly fading away.
A sob coming from the other side of the kitchen island stopped Steve from going to look for him somewhere else. Steve walked around it and his eyebrows furrowed in confusion when he saw Clint sitting on the floor with the jar of cookies that Steve had hidden in the highest spot of the cabinets in front of him. Sometimes it was very easy to forget that Clint wasn’t a real toddler and he could reach for and find things very easily. But if Clint had found what he wanted, why was he crying?
Once dinner had been over, they moved to the couch in the living room, which made Tony’s face burned one more time. The living room was directly connected to the elevator, so, if anyone decided to pay an unexpected visit, one of the first things they would see would be the sofa where both of them currently were. Tony knew JARVIS wouldn’t let anyone in without their authorization, but he couldn’t help feeling nervous. His mind played tricks on him, making him see the doors of the elevator opened when they actually didn’t. That was why he kept hiding his face against Steve chest, and no coaxing had been able to force him out of his hideout this time.
“Nooo,” Tony complained.
“Sorry baby, but Clint needs me right now, and I can’t change his diapers with you in my arms,” Steve had apologized, though it hadn’t been enough to erase the frown from Tony’s face.
“More,” Tony insisted, the frown on his face indicating he wasn’t going to take a ‘no’ for an answer. Steve sighed while he shook his head in disapproval, but stood up and went to the kitchen anyway.
“I beg your pardon?” Steve asked, taken aback. What on earth had Phil meant by that? Why on earth wouldn’t Clint want to be around him? As far as Steve knew, Clint loved hanging out with him, especially when he was Little. Even if Steve didn’t hesitate to scold Clint when he was stepping out of line, he did let him get away with things that he normally wouldn’t when Phil was in charge, like eating more sweets, playing video games for more time or going to bed past his bedtime. That had earned him the title of ‘favorite uncle’, so what Phil said made no sense. Perhaps Steve had misheard.
Little? What did Steve mean by ‘little’? Unlike Clint, Tony had never felt ‘little’, he didn't know how to. It was true he felt sort of small when he was around Steve, but who wouldn't? Steve was a tall broad man after all, Tony had gotten that feeling even before all the age play thing started. Nonetheless, feeling small and ‘little’ were two totally different things, at least in this context.
“Next time you’ll look after both of them, and then you’ll tell me whether it’s hard or not,” Steve challenged. Phil chuckled once more. The way Steve sat up a bit to be able to press a kiss on the back of Tony’s head as his left hand ruffled Clint’s hair showed how little he minded taking care of them.
"Tony..." Steve sighed, without being able to hide the hurt in his voice. "Do you really want me to stop?"
How to tell Tony about the Age Play? That had been the only thought in Steve’s mind for weeks, and he still hadn’t been able to come up with an answer.
Daddy? Steve's stomach sank straight to his toes.
With a speed that made Tony believed Steve had somehow learned to teleport, he materialized in front of Tony and picked him up, cradling his head gently as he began to rock him. Tony threw his arms and legs around Steve’s neck and waist, hugging him in a way it would be painful for anyone else who didn’t have a super-soldier serum running through his veins.
“I didn’t break the window.” Really, Tony just hated how childish and insecure his voice sounded.
“Steve,” Tony called as he looked down at the fidgeting hands in his lap, afraid he wouldn’t be able to talk if he faced him.
“Well, you could tell him about it yourself this time, and explain him why you want you guys to give it a try,” Phil suggested.
“Where are you?” Phil asked as soon as Steve answered the phone, without even giving him the opportunity to say ‘hello’.
“Don’t go, I don’t want you to go with Clint,” Tony admitted, slurring and talking so softly he was sure Steve couldn’t have heard him if he had been someone else.
“Why don’t you stay like that?” Phil proposed, “There’s nobody in the tower but us and Clint, you don’t have to worry about someone seeing you. Clint is wearing one two,” he added, as if that would make Tony more comfortable.
Steve raised a confused eyebrow, “No, sweetheart, you’ve only chosen two, and Daddy said three,” he explained. If Tony thought he could get out of this by feigning obliviousness, he had another thing coming.
“Hey there buddy, are you with me now?”
“Yes, it’s interesting,” Steve agreed, not paying too much attention to him.
“It doesn’t look that way,” Tony stated.
Although Tony was short-tempered sometimes – especially when he was under a lot of pressure, overtired or sleep-deprived – aggressiveness had never been an issue. Tony would make a snarky comment about the situation first, instead of behaving in such hostile way. Steve had no recollection whatsoever of a single time where Tony had lost it during the time they’d lived together, and that was saying something; having to deal with obnoxious reporters almost on a daily basis as well as living under the same roof with a bunch of people with such peculiar skills and personalities was anything but easy. Tony had kept it cool when the press had gone crazy criticizing their relationship, or when a few of Clint’s jokes had gone overboard. It seemed like Tony was unable to be ticked off.
He was almost out the door when he spotted something that caught his attention, something plushy, something that looked very familiar. He walked over to it and picked it up, immediately feeling the blood drain from his face when he recognized what it was. His teddy bear. The only one he had. The one that Steve had given to him.
daddy. After Tony apologized for what he’d caused, Steve should’ve realized how awful Tony felt, and he should’ve done something about it; after all, daddies were supposed to make their babies feel better.
Needless to say that the captain wasn't expecting to see something good, but what he saw when he got inside the room wasn't anything he had ever imagined. He got a little scared when he saw Tony curled against a wall, clearly panicking, images of somebody breaking in floated through his mind as he got close to him. But then JARVIS told him what had happened, and well, that sounded very much like Tony.
"JARVIS, send me one of my suits please." A smirk showing on his face as Tony ordered that. He might not be a worthy opponent while being just Tony, but when he was Iron man, well, that was a different story.
“That’s good to know,” Steve observed, “otherwise, I’d be always checking if you need a diaper change from now on,” he joked, and he moved a bit to the side to avoid being splashed, as Clint spat out the soda he had in his mouth.
It wasn’t like Tony didn’t know that. He knew Steve continued looking after Little Clint every now and then; he did it way before they started age playing themselves, so, why would he stop? Besides the fact that Steve was the kind of person who liked helping others whenever and however he could, he’d never denied his taste for Age Play. If Tony wasn’t willing to let Steve babied him anymore, Steve wasn’t going to pass up the opportunity to hang out with someone who still enjoyed and needed that kind of attention.
Without further delay, Steve stood up, took off Tony’s top tank, rested his hands on Tony’s shoulders, and gently encouraged him to lower his back against the mattress. Then, once the baby was lay down, he proceeded to unfasten his jeans and pulled them down and off along with his boxers. It would certainly not hurt Tony to get a bath, though, giving the circumstances, a quick rubdown with baby wipes would have to do. Steve needed to get him dressed so that they continued with what he’d planned.
“First tell me why you decided that. Why did you say you didn’t want to do this anymore?” Steve conditioned, without having the intention of letting Tony go. Chances were his baby didn’t even need to release his bladder and he was using that just as an excuse to avoid the conversation. Steve could clearly picture him running off as soon as he had the opportunity. “Huh?”
“Crap,” Tony exclaimed, wincing as he rubbed his butt.
To Clint’s credit, it had really been an accident. After his demand had been heard, he stopped fussing and got back to eating, telling Steve all about a new video game that was going to be released–and that he obviously wanted either Phil or Steve to buy it for him–even if Steve asked him a few times not to talk with food in his mouth. The problem had been that Little Clint tended to use a lot of hand gestures when talking, especially if he was excited about the topic at issue, so when he explained Steve about how some characters from the video game burst, he extended his arms all of a sudden without paying attention to what he had close to him.
“Go back to sleep kiddo, it’s OK,” Steve interrupted him once more, pulling Tony closer.
"I am," Tony answered, fighting the urge to throw himself into daddy's arms. Instead, he walked towards the bed where Steve was seated on and stood next to it, awkwardly.
Whatever the reason it was, taking a nap sounded like a wonderful idea for the time being, the only thing Steve needed was to figure out how to get both littles to sleep. Tony wouldn’t be a problem, even if he was obstinately trying to stay awake, Steve knew it was a matter of time before he finally surrendered to sleep. Clint, on the other hand, loathed naps. No matter how they tried to reason with him, nor how tired he was, for Clint naps were something only babies did, and he was not a baby.
"No, it's not, it's the same size as yours," Steve assured, stabbing another piece of chicken and some lettuce with the airplane-shaped fork.
“You'd better be wearing clothes when I take off the bandana,” Tony warned as Steve pushed him down the hallway, "well, no, now that I think about it, I hope you're not."
Yes, Tony was struggling. He wore diapers without using them, he held the toys without playing with them, he sucked on a pacifier without letting that action to be soothing, he accepted Steve as his daddy without daring to call him like that. But Steve knew Tony would eventually get comfortable enough to do all those things. Steve just needed to be patient and supportive.
“I just hung up, it’ll take around thirty minutes,” Steve informed, not sure if Clint was for real. The pout reappearing on his face showed he was. “Why don’t we go and play while we wait for the pizza?” he hurried to suggest holding out his hand to Clint so he take it.
This would turn out well, I promise. I just don't want to rush things.
Shamefully, when that day arrived, when Tony found himself unable to shake off the idea of age playing, he couldn’t bring himself to go and inform Steve about it. He paced restlessly around his workshop for almost the whole afternoon, and got cold feet whenever he managed to reach the elevator, incapable of handling the uncertainty.
“I’m sorry buddy, but this is something you have to do because your daddy’s asking you to do it,” Phil stated, hoping that was enough to make Clint come to his senses. He wasn’t that surprised when Clint stuck his head out of the vent, sticking out his tongue at him.
“Well, you should’ve thought about that before making a mess. What on earth were you thinking about? You know you’re not allowed to use any appliances,” Phil scolded, leaning forward in order to scrub Clint’s legs.
“Do you want Daddy to carry you?” Tony nodded enthusiastically, face still hidden. “Come here, then,” Steve said, and Tony was already running towards him and throwing himself to his arms before Steve had even finished that sentence.
the way Tony leaned into the touch. “They’re gonna get cold,” he warned.
“My pleasure, Captain,” JARVIS answered. “Just one thing Sir, Agent Barton is asking for permission to be given access,” he informed just after Steve had sat down on the couch. “Should I let him enter?”
Before dinner, Steve managed to get Tony to carry on with the task of selecting the stuff he wished to keep, and by the time it was time to go to bed, Steve could proudly say his baby had finally accomplished it.
“Agent Coulson,” JARVIS said all of a sudden.
Before Tony could make another threat, the elevator stopped and the doors opened soundlessly.
“I want daddy,” Tony said miserably before another sob escaped from his throat.
Steve had fucked up big time, and he knew it.
“Are you going to let your teddy down? You know he doesn’t like when you don’t listen to me,” Steve recalled as he grabbed the said Teddy bear – which had been bought not long ago – and placed it on Tony’s chest.
That was good, because Phil couldn’t wait any more time, he had already wasted around half an hour waiting for Clint to come down, and he had to get to Tony’s room as soon as possible. JARVIS hadn’t exactly said Tony was in trouble or anything like that, the A.I. hadn’t even specified if Tony was feeling little or not, but Phil figured his assistance wouldn’t be needed if Tony was in his adult mindset.
“Sorry, baby boy, this is not up for discussion.” Steve warned, giving Tony another cuddle before he had to maneuver his way out of the crib. They could really use some shut-eye, but for that to happen, some painkillers for Steve as well as a bottle for Tony would be indispensable.
“Bathroom,” Clint said, and that word was all Steve needed to become completely awake. Clint jumped from site to site, hands struggling to unfasten the overalls. Tony whined when Steve sat up to reach for Clint, and Steve had to pushed his hands away because Tony pulled his sleeves, as an attempt to get him to continue hugging him.
Carefully, Steve pushed him back to the bed, pulling the covers up once Tony’s was lying down. “Try to go back to sleep,” Steve suggested, leaning over to press a kiss on his forehead before getting up from the bed, leaving Tony with a strange but somehow comforting tingling feeling in his stomach.
Steve carried him only because Clint had fallen off the vents and had hurt his ankle slightly–Adult Clint’s threshold of pain was high, but Little Clint’s wasn’t. Steve fed him only because Clint had come up with the idea that food wars were the best thing ever and he had begun throwing any food he could get his hands on. Steve diapered him only because he hadn’t realized he had actually run out of pull-ups and going downstairs to retrieve more would have upset an already sleepy Clint.
After all, Steve hadn’t planned anything out of the ordinary, that certainly took a load off Tony’s mind. Having dinner and watching a movie was something Tony did know how to do, so the chances for him to keep disappointing Steve for not acting the way he was expecting him to would be non-existent. Tony might even be able to relax, because he had to face it, he hadn’t been able to get rid of all the tension that he had accumulated during the afternoon.
“That you want you both to try age playing,” Phil stated just like that, and Steve had to cough a few times to avoid choking with his own saliva.
If you spot any mistake, please, please, let me know.
Steve went straight to the nursery. In case of causing a bigger issue, the A.I. hesitated to give him access to that room when Tony was taken there against his will – something that Steve would never try to do again, twice had been more than enough, thank you very much – otherwise JARVIS didn’t even ask him to identify himself anymore to be able to get in.
Little headspace, Tony had read something about it when he was doing research about Age Play. It was supposed to be a mindset in which an adult relaxed into a state of carefree, responsibility-free safety, and act of regressing into a childlike state. The problem was that Tony hadn’t really read anything about how to slip into such a mindset, nor how one knew one was already there. The triggers were supposed to be different for everyone, as well as the sensation.
“Hey there, sleepyhead,” Steve greeted when he was sure Tony was aware of his surroundings. A tiny smile tugged at his lips as he stretched, and Steve couldn’t help brushing another kiss now over Tony’s forehead. “Did my baby have a good nap?” Tony nodded, movement barely imperceptible. “Good, it makes Daddy happy when you rest.”
“Hey Tony, I was wondering if you would like to spar with me,” Steve asked as soon as he was in front of Tony. Needless to say they both froze immediately.
"Oh my God Clint, are you feeling little?" Steve asked, alarmed, though he already knew the answer to that question.
I leave? What do you mean
And now he was standing in the middle of said nursery, refusing to feel any hint of remorse for tearing everything to pieces. Right now the only thing he regretted ever was building it. How the hell could he get rid of his Little side if he kept buying and accumulating things that only encouraged the behavior? No, destroying everything had been for the best, no matter how bad the feeling that it had been a terrible idea was.
Now the issue was how to address the matter.
However, that tendency stopped when Tony started dating Steve. The first time Steve caught him hiding in his workshop not wanting anyone to find out he was running a fever which seemed to worsen by the minute, Steve had literally dragged Tony out of there and into their room, and spent all day applying cold compresses over his forehead in an attempt to reduce his fever. The time Tony had gotten a terrible flu, Steve had made sure he stayed in bed until he was completely recovered and he had cooked chicken soup for him, entertained him when Tony was bored out of his mind and even helped him to blow his nose (okay, Tony should have seen a pattern there, he should have realized Steve began babying him long before they started age playing).
“No,” Tony said with a tiny voice, his eyes moving until they focused on Clint.
“So? Do you like it?” Steve questioned after Tony opened his mouth for a third time and failed to produce words once more. He tried not to sound too anxious, but he was afraid he couldn’t hide it well.
“Y-yes! Ye-yes!” Tony promised as he pushed Steve’s head with both hands. Steve stopped.
“Reading.”
"No, sleepy now," Tony refused, Steve chuckled once more.
“Oh yeah, you didn’t. You’re mean,” Tony interrupted, voice falsely hurt.
Learn how to play, that was what Tony was resolute to do. How could he be little if he didn’t even know how to play? That day, Clint had looked like he was really having fun with the race cars tracks he began to play with once the movie was over, and somehow, Tony’s mind had started to believe that if Clint could do something, so could he.
So, it turned out Tony could actually be a ‘little’, not just pretend to be. That was good news, wasn’t it? If Tony wanted this to work out, falling into that kind of headspace was essential, otherwise he would never cease to feel just like an adult wearing a diaper playing a kid. Steve might get frustrated if all this was only genuine for him. But what had just happened proved it could be genuine for Tony too. That was definitely good news then, Tony did want this to work out.
- - - -
“Anthony!” Steve yelled, startling Tony. "What did you do that for?” he asked with a reprimanding tone of voice. Tony felt a clutch of panic in the pit of his stomach.
“Well… Then… I… I don’t like it! So quit it already!” Tony stuttered, clearly shocked by the other man’s straightforward answer.
Brushing another kiss over his forehead, Steve focused his sight on the movie played before them. Tony followed, though he was certain he wouldn’t be able to tell what the movie was about if anyone asked. His mind was too concentrated on the fact that he was laying on Steve’s lap, wearing a diaper and drinking milk from a bottle.
“But–,”
“Jeez, I’d love to Clint, but Tony’s taking a nap, and he wasn’t in a very good mood, so, you know, I’d like to be here when he wakes up,” Steve excused himself, rubbing the back of his neck.
“Good, because Daddy likes carrying his beautiful and brave baby boy a lot,” Steve assured. He tickled Tony’s side playfully and a warm feeling spread through his chest when he heard his baby giggled.
“Yes, you do. It’s mac and cheese.” Phil said, looking down at Clint, lips pursed.
No, if things were good between them, it was better to leave them like they were, it wasn’t worthy to cause another fight for something Tony wasn’t even sure he was going to like. So, forgetting the whole situation would be the best thing to do.
That was the first time Tony had a panic attack in front of Steve. How could his father do such a thing? Why on earth did Howard keep a diary? Why on earth one of the things he wrote down had to be the fact that his son wanted to wear diapers and be babied? Why did Howard think it was a good idea to record every single thing he did in order to get his son to stop wanting that? Why on earth had Howard kept that diary among Steve’s belongings? Tony knew Captain America had been the only one who Howard had completely trusted until the end, but leaving him his diary, what had been the fucking purpose of that?! Leaving something to someone who was thought dead was nonsense! It was a fact that his father never believe Captain America was dead, but even so it was illogical! Captain America had been his childhood hero, for God’s sake! And finding out that he knew about his dirty little secret because of his father was just something Tony couldn’t bear.
For a thousandth of second, he turned his head towards Tony, glaring. And before the latter could react, he approached him and dragged him to the living room, sitting down on the sofa and placing him over his lap.
- - - -
So that was what Tony had been doing for the last three weeks, and it was going smoothly so far. He focused on the improvements of his suits, alcohol made his mind numb, preventing him from thinking clearly and he was getting pretty good at turning a deaf ear to JARVIS’s recommendations. And the best of all, nobody dared to bother him when he was in his workshop, the only one who did was Steve, and, well, apparently Steve wanted to have nothing to do with Ton anymore. This guaranteed success to his plan.
Or not. Tony didn’t know. It wasn’t like Steve would make fun of him if Tony asked him to change his diaper – Tony was afraid Steve would even have that expression of dorky adoration plastered on his face if he did ask for such a thing – nor would that be as distressing as actually having his soaked diaper changed; therefore, Tony was struggling to understand why he was so reluctant to just go for it.
"I know, but we ran out of pull-ups," Steve reasoned.
Without any warning, Tony felt two hands on his sides, and before he could do anything but squeal in surprise, he found himself sitting sideways on Steve's lap, hands clutching to the fabric of his t-shirt just for the lack of having something else to do with them.
"You're not gonna like it if we both fall off the damn table," Steve reasoned, flexing his fingers. Tony pulled down his sleeves, but not before Steve could see the red marks on his wrists. His eyes widened. "Shit," he cursed. "Are you okay? I didn't mean to hurt you." He took a step back, leaning on the kitchen counter.
Steve lay his hand flat against it. "Does it hurt?" he asked, listening to the quiet hum of the machine. Tony shook his head. "Okay," Steve said to fill the silence. "Surgery sounds like a sensible option," he continued with a smile. "This may sound weird, but... D'you want me to come with you?"
, Brooklyn, how'd you–?"
want him to leave.
A shocked
"So." Steve put his hands in his pockets. "That's it, I guess? You're leaving?"
" he confirmed. "
Steve tilted his head right, leaning in closer until they were breathing the same air. "I hope that stands for personal assistant," he whispered, planting a kiss to the corner of Tony's mouth. Tony grabbed at him hungrily, and soon his back was to the wall. Tony grinded against him, eliciting a guttural groan from Steve. Steve bowed his head, gently nipping on a spot of skin. He loved the teeth marks it left, red and noticeable. Tony's collar wouldn't cover it. Tony sighed, his fingers once again tugging on Steve's hair. Steve ran his tongue over the bruise he'd just left on Tony's neck, then gave him another. His skin tasted like salt and smelled of fragrance. It was intoxicating. When they finished, hair messy and clothes wrinkled, Steve said, "As much as I'd like to get personal with you, I don't think I want to be an assistant."
. "I mean, I could whip us up some drinks."
. His blood went still as he turned it around.
Steve snorted. "Tch, don't remind me. When I set up the juice kiosk this morning I didn't have in mind to turn it into a prostitution kiosk." He exhaled. "How do you propose we–" Again, he was shut up by Tony's lips pressed against his. It was almost like Tony couldn't get enough of kissing him, but it didn't bother Steve. The feeling was mutual. Tony's fingers slid into the belt loops of Steve's jeans, and he pulled until he was the one with his back against the wall. Steve took Tony's lower lip between his teeth, and soon they were both grinning so wide that making out was out of the question.
looks wouldn't have been the reason." He stuck out his tongue and wiggled his eyebrows in such an absurdly suggestive way that it made Steve commit a laugh.
Steve laughed, almost reminding Tony that he was the one who'd had his dick sucked. "Wouldn't dream of it," he assured the man, then pat his back pocket. "Think this is enough."
Tony hummed as Steve put the key into the lock, turning it until the door clicked open. "Oh, I remember alright," he said. "Sorry if this is inappropriate, but you're gonna look so fucking good on your knees."
"I don't doubt it," Steve replied with a chuckle, "but you do remember I'm goin' to be the one who blows you, yeah?"
Steve froze. "What?" Tony looked down at him in askance. "What did you say?"
Steve let out a strangled sound, nearly choking on his words. "I– what–" He tried again. "
. "It says 'BJ & OJ'."
"What, you doubted that?" Steve teased. "I'm disappointed in ya, uh..." He'd guess Manhattan, but he didn't want to make any assumptions.
," he stated. "
" he said. "
"Do you wanna go on a date?" Steve began this at the exact same time that Tony did. They stayed silent for a little while. "You go first," Steve said eventually, awkwardly clearing his throat.
Steve fell silent as he pondered this, bowing his head to look at the floor. Right. "Okay," he said finally. "Okay. Um." He raised his head, and Tony was no longer standing in front of him. "Hey! Hey," Steve said urgently, suddenly panicked. "Wait," he breathed out, making his way to where Tony was standing in front of the door.
Tony grinned. "You taste like orange juice," he said, and when Steve just pursed his lips, he let it drop. "I've got more where that came from," he purred when the elevator reached the top floor.
"I said I wasn't in a hurry to get anywhere," Tony corrected him. "Why do you think I'm in Brooklyn, Brooklyn?"
"Manhattan," Tony told him, confirming his theory. He shoved his hands into Steve's pockets. Steve arched his back. Of
Steve's mother Sarah had a cottage out of state, and every summer they went there together to collect berries and fruits. They split the gatherings, seeing as both had their own homes, although Steve visited Sarah so often it was like a second home. He wiped sweat off his brow. It was a hot summer day, and he regretted choosing this particular day to sell homemade juice. Maybe people who felt as hot as he did would take their time to buy a cup, though. The yard wasn't big, and it wasn't even his own, but there was no reason he wouldn't be allowed to temporarily set up shop there.
At this, Tony stilled. "What kind of drinks?" he queried.
, I'm really–" He let out a shameless groan.
that had been the case, your admittedly
Steve fixed his posture, his eyebrows forming a frown. He hardened his gaze. "Is this a joke?" he asked, crossing his arms.
Steve worried his lip. "... Fine." He pocketed the money, then stood up. He had a couple of inches on Tony (
Tony grinned as he tugged on Steve's hair, earning a surprised sound from him. "Oh, I'm cocky alright." Steve stifled a laugh, then started working on Tony's belt buckle. When it was open, he hastily moved onto Tony's fly, zipping it open. Tony's pants fell to his ankles when Steve pulled them down. He was hard, but so was Steve. "Get to it, sweetheart, I want to see those pretty lips of yours work their miracles," Tony crooned, tugging on the waistband of his underwear. Steve obliged, pulling them down.
Tony looked at him over his shoulder. "What, you don't want me to?" he asked, and he sounded so amused that Steve almost considered telling him that he
me?" He was dumbfounded. What the
Steve frowned. The mental image of Tony under him with bruising on his wrists, neck and back, begging, made its way into his mind. He shook his head. "Sometimes I don't realize the strength I have, so..." He looked at Tony apologetically.
Tony laughed, grabbing a pair of Kleenex tissues from the table beside him. "Nothing goes past me, huh?" Steve got up, crossing his arms as Tony cleaned up and put his pants back on. He tightened the belt, then closed it. "Admit it. You're Captain America, the guy who makes sure that everyone in the neighborhood gets treated with respect and justice," he said like it was the most casual thing. "Captain America,
Steve shook his head fervently. "I wanna," he insisted. "Don't want you to be all alone, yeah?"
"So... no head?" Tony asked, and once again Steve just stared dumbly. *
He pressed his head against Tony's shoulder. "That was the worst pick-up line I've ever heard," he said. "Step up your game, Manhattan." Tony pushed them away from the wall, throwing his suit jacket into a corner. He loosened his tie and threw it in the same corner where his jacket was. Steve let out a quiet
The man raised an eyebrow, looking amused. "Tony," he corrected, then explained himself. "Your sign," he said as if that explained everything. He pointed at it. It was a scrappy wooden sign, and it had been cheaper to write an abbreviation than the full
Tony nodded, smoothening the fabric of his jacket and fixing the lapels. A telling smile decorated  his features, indicating that he hadn't been completely serious. "Well," he said. "I'll see you around, yeah?"
one of his customers. He stepped out of the car, wearing a suit and expensive-looking sunglasses, and Steve figured that he must have dropped something. Instead, the man approached his kiosk. Steve blinked in a rapid pattern to make sure he wasn't dreaming. Was this man some kind of millionaire? An FBI agent? He stared as the man came to stood in front of him. He looked vaguely familiar, but Steve couldn't place him. "Um. Hello," he managed.
Tony just grinned. "You're only figuring that out now?" He gently kicked Steve's hip with his foot. "C'mon, hey," he coaxed, "come here." Steve raised an eyebrow, abandoning the glasses and walking up to Tony. The brunet caged Steve inside his legs, sitting on the very edge of the table. He grabbed the front of Steve's shirt, pulling him in for a kiss. Steve hadn't had a kiss like this in ages. Eventually, Tony pulled away, licking his lips. "Mm," he purred. "That's some good OJ."
"Nah, just your heart," Tony joked, and Steve burst out laughing.
Tony nodded, then dug out an amount that was most definitely not $2.50. He handed the bills to Steve, smiling in a mirthful way. Steve took the money warily, counting the sum. One hundred and twenty-five. He opened his mouth to speak, but Tony shushed him. "Consider it an advance," he said, "Steve."
Tony gave him an odd look. "Yeah? I just came to get my shoes. I wasn't going to leave yet, hon." Steve couldn't help but wonder if he used pet names with everyone. Steve blinked.
Tony laughed. "Didn't think that was possible. I'm already as hot as they come."
When evening came, Steve took down the kiosk for the day. After he'd carried the table and sign and juice bottles and mugs to his apartment, he showered, feeling the tension of the day melt into the drain alongside the hot water. When he was done, he lay down on his bed, counting the money he'd gotten from the day. It was, summed up, 315. Which was... a lot. Enough to cover groceries and miscellaneous items for the foreseeable future. He grinned. If he'd known he was going to blow someone today, he might've showered in the morning. It hadn't been an unpleasant experience, though. As Steve got to the last one-dollar-bill, he noticed writing on it. It said
Tony finally turned to face him with a grin plastered on his face. "If you're offering." Steve stifled a smile, not wanting to look like a fool. He nodded. "Well, then," Tony said, straightening his tie. "Lead the way."
Steve made a disgruntled noise. "Don't talk about bein' hard," he protested. Tony laughed. He had a nice laugh, Steve noticed, warm and only slightly raspy. He kind of wanted to hear it again. "Yeah, okay. If you're sure you're not just usin' me to make some sorta media scoop."
Steve sat on the stool behind the table until he finally started getting customers. They were mostly cyclists or people on runs getting some cheap refreshments for the road. Steve asked which option they wanted, and they threw him a two bucks and a half for each cup. His last customer had been a woman who had generously bought a whole bottle. He'd earned a solid 10 dollars for that. He had a water bottle with him, but it was warm and gross and the juice bottles that were in ice looked very, very tempting. It was bad for business, but he may have resorted into taking a sip when he got really thirsty.
Tony shrugged. "So the press says."
Steve was glad he wasn't facing Tony, because otherwise the man would've seen his cheeks flush bright pink. "Pretty sure we passed the line of inappropriateness ages ago," he mused, walking into his apartment. Tony let himself in, then closed the door.
And if Steve also added the other details he had observed, everything turned even weirder. Like Tony's sudden interest in what Steve read or ate, whether he was taking a shower or a bath, where he was heading whenever he left the room where they both were, and so on. Tony had never verbalized any interest in what Steve did. With that Steve didn’t mean Tony pay no attention to him, quite the opposite actually, Steve was sure Tony knew even the things Steve wasn’t aware of himself. Although Tony’s mind was always too busy dealing with the thousands of thoughts that occurred to him that Steve was used to put up with a bit of disregard every now and then.
Going straight to Steve to tell him about his curiosity seemed to be the best thing to do. Or it had seemed, because Tony had already blown that chance. After the huge commotion he had caused when Steve attempted to get him into age playing behind his back, Tony couldn’t just tell Steve he had changed his mind, could he? No, Tony didn’t think that would be a good idea. Besides, he didn’t even want to imagine how that conversation would go. What was he going to say?
leaving you,” Steve assured, eyebrows lightly drawn together in a frown as he looked back on the last weeks, attempting and failing to spot any action that might have caused Tony to get that impression. “I’m serious,” he said when he heard Tony giving a non-comical noise. “Hey, Tony, hey, look at me… Baby, look at me, please.”
Tony didn’t mind, or that was what he thought at the beginning. Watching Steve interact with Clint that way not only brought back the jealousy he felt for the archer’s Little counterpart, but also made him forfeit the progress achieved so far. His craving for age playing became stronger and more difficult to ignore, and without even realizing it, Tony found himself doing things he shouldn’t have.
“Look, I’m not trying to make you uncomfortable, but if there’s something bugging you, I’d like to know so I can fix it. Is there something bugging you?” Tony shook his head, maybe a bit too soon. Steve pursed his lips. “Come here,” he asked, holding out his hand.
"Tony, if you don't tell me what's wrong, I'm gonna have to call a doctor. Your daddy will kill me if this turns out to be something serious and I didn’t do anything about it,” Phil cautioned, biting his lip to hold back a smile caused by how Tony’s eyes snapped wide open at the mention of the word ‘doctor’. “Then tell me where you have pain?” he insisted. Tony hesitated a little before taking his hand to his throat.
Accepting Steve as a caregiver definitely had its perks. Tony loved being Steve's center of attention, the man could completely shut everything out and just focused on his needs. Tony liked how Steve could sit down with him for hours, playing with his Hot Wheels and Legos like if he was actually having fun too, making awesome noises whenever there was a crash in the toy highway or something destroyed the buildings they had built out of Legos. Tony enjoyed baking with Steve, because he actually let him help, not caring at all if Tony spilled something by accident or got his hands and clothes all dirty with the ingredients. Tony did enjoy being carried or being placed on Steve's lap, it turned out it was very comfortable snuggling against his chest, and his body emanated a very soothing warmth that made Tony feel safe and in peace. Tony was grateful for having someone there to comfort him, instead of telling him to man up, every time he woke up because of a nightmare, strong and firm hands and arms contrasting with the tenderness and kindness of his hugs and caresses.
Fortunately, Tony was not one to give up easily, and he still had some ideas to finally get Steve to understand what he was trying to say with his actions.
Hum. I'm experiencing a bit of writer's block again. It sucks, because I did have some time during the week to write. Anyway, I promise next chaper Steve and Tony will finally talk about what's been going on.
“Clint!” Phil yelled, turning around and grabbing Tony’s hand before running towards the kitchen. Tony whined and tried to free his hand, but Phil held on tight. “Sorry, kiddo, but I really need to check on Clint before looking for your jeans,” he apologized.
Over the last thirty minutes, Tony had been rubbing his eyes and yawning constantly, and even if he stubbornly tried to focus his attention on the Play-Doh sets he was playing with while he watched the movie played on the TV, it was obvious he was tired and sleepy. Steve figured it would be a good idea for Tony to take a nap. Taking into account his horrendous sleeping habits, any opportunity to sleep had to be taken. The problem was that getting Tony to sleep was never an easy task, especially when it wasn’t nighttime, so he hoped a bottle with warm milk helped him to achieve his goal.
“Yes, you are! You’ve kept me locked in here and you won’t let me go until I do what you want me to do!” Tony accused, fisting his hands. He really wanted to punch Steve, the only thing that stopped him from doing it was that, well, it would hurt him more than it would hurt Steve.
Determined to stay true to his promise, Phil returned his focus to the closet. He would go inside and do everything he could to coax Tony out of there. Then, the three of them would go back to his floor, and hopefully, in less than an hour he would have two littles taking a nap peacefully, giving him enough time to plan how he would entertain them for the rest of the evening.
At first, Steve had planned on simply asking Tony what he wanted to keep doing and what he didn’t, nothing like a straight answer to avoid more misunderstandings. However, the more he thought about it, the less he considered that a good idea. Tony wasn’t the get-to-the-point kind of guy, so expecting him to do that was sort of utopian. Giving him options, on the other hand, could make the whole process easier for him.
Tony smiled back, flush with adrenaline equally proud for the space of a moment, and then he looked down like he was embarrassed and set about clearing away the unconscious monster—not a necessary task, really, since it would be awake and back to terrorize the quad in under an hour, but something that would occupy Tony. That stung, a little, though Steve didn’t let it show as he continued on his previous path to the dorm to get some rest for his headache. He figured Tony was feeling just as awkward about Steve as Steve was about him, but they’d get over it in a few days, if they just spent more time together as ordinary, platonic friends.
What were you thinking, Natasha? Where were you going? Surely you know better than to let yourself be seen? What was your plan?
after all.
"What have you been up to, these last few days?” Tony said finally. It wasn’t much, but Steve breathed an explosive sigh of relief and started talking about how his classes were going, what he’d learned in the library, and eventually the friendship he’d been striking up with Misty Knight. It turned out that last was a very good thing to bring up to Tony—he’d built her bionic right arm, after all, and he’d gotten to know her pretty well during maintenance. That kept them going for a while, until— “So how did you meet her?”
it wasn’t about him, really; it was that this was a magical threat, and for all his gifts and skills Steve had to admit that he didn’t know the first thing about magic. It still grated, though.
Steve keeps finding himself in Manhattan.
He spent most of his time at the library, studying recent history and battle tactics, for all that neither one would be useful in the fight against the ancient mystical beings attacking the Academy. When that failed to take his mind off of things, he went down to the still-haunted Stark Mansion and didn’t think too hard about whether the calm he felt there was because it was familiar to the lingering bits of werewolf inside him, or because it was Tony’s house. It just… felt nice, there, and that was all there was to it. End of story.
Tony had once mentioned. And then, maybe, there could be a choice.
“You always do,” Tony says, a little spiteful. But that’s automatic, too—Tony’s feelings for Steve have always been dual in nature, bitterness for the man who was both idol and ghost of Tony’s childhood, fondness for the man who lives in his home and leads him into battle. He feels both at once, with nearly equal strength.
Steve could tell the moment the words left his mouth that he’d said the wrong thing; Tony’s open, tentative expression shut down so hard and fast that Steve almost flinched away, wondering what he’d done wrong.
If Steve thought anything, it was a formless wish that someday there would be the
Steve had always been one to throw himself into the deep end. If he could resist Tony here, he could resist him anywhere. He only hoped Tony would understand that, too.
“And you know what?” Steve asked him, letting his voice turn playful.
“Then I’ve got some time yet,” Tony said with a little, hopeful smile. He didn’t understand yet. Maybe he thought they could go another round.
“You bastard,” he laughed. “Just for that, you’re undressing yourself.”
Tony crawls over and leans against the desk to investigate, and there, nestled safely in the top drawer as innocently though it had been there collecting dust for months, is
-handsomest fella here to show you a good time.”
There was an easy way to finish that sentence, of course. Tony had never been fucked before. But Steve knew the other ending, too; no one had ever meant that for him before, but if he was honest, some part of him had always wanted to hear it. And some part of him had counted on it, tonight. He hoped Tony did remember him.
For everyone. What was that supposed to mean? It leaves a sour, angry taste in Steve’s mouth. How is this better? How is anything?
There Tony closed his eyes and dropped Steve’s hand, and Steve let him. It wasn’t time now, but there
“It’s—childish and immature. Weak. If you can’t get a girl or—or a guy, by the time you’re my age, it’s because you can’t. Because something’s wrong with you, and they can see it. Don’t stick your dick in crazy, you know.” The words were spilling from Tony’s lips like he couldn’t stop them. They didn’t sound like Tony’s words; they sounded like things he’d been told, things he’d been taught to believe about himself.
Tony Stark falls right at the intersection of Steve’s biggest and most persistent aches:
He still didn’t have the words, but he knew now what he wanted. He took a breath.
he spits, “and you never told me! You didn’t think I had a right to know that my own Goddamn parents were assassinated?”
Steve’s eyes are veiled, like he’s hiding what he really feels behind a mask.
“Christ, Steve, not like that,” Tony hissed. “I didn’t mean that
of it,” he persisted. “We hurt each other, and I want to make it right, but I don’t want just whatever forgiveness is implied by some last act of protection. I want to work for
The honesty in his tone and the determined warmth in his eyes brought that new want in Steve surging to the fore. He knew that his impulse wasn’t Important the way some thoughts were important, and that it was selfish to choose that want and even more so to ask for it.
He knew, now, that it mattered all the same.
It’s not easy, at first. They have too much pain between them for that. But they try.
ideas.”
“I, yeah,” Steve said, equally awkward. “Look, do you want a, a soda, or a sandwich, or—anything? I’ll—“
“You knew!” he screams, firing up the boot jets to follow the arc of Steve’s trajectory. Tony lands heavily and seizes Steve as he tries to scramble up from the floor, holding him tight around the biceps to keep him from hitting back. “You lied to me about everything!”
In any other situation, with any other person, Steve might’ve thought he was fishing for compliments; under the weight of Tony’s attention, the question just sounded sincere.
Tony can’t stop now.
how much better it could be. He wouldn’t. He turned his mouth deeper into the kiss, trying to be steady and reassuring toward the younger man, and flicked his tongue lightly over the skin just behind Tony’s teeth. Tony huffed a little, probably taking it for an accident—so Steve did it again, and again, until Tony couldn’t hold back a shiver and a giggle and he broke away.
At noon precisely, Steve gave over beating up the punching bag on the dorm’s rooftop patio, untaped his knuckles, changed into a clean shirt, and walked to Club A. He sat down on a barstool and ordered a sandwich and soda while he waited, hoping beyond hope that Tony would decide to come. There was a speech writing itself out in his head, a disjointed repetition of
Steve goes back to the tiny apartment with the very thin walls and the very small cot, folds himself into the smallest ball he can manage, and cries with his mouth pressed to his knee to keep him quiet. He cries for himself, for the fear that he’s never been anything more than violent, for the friends he’s lost and the friends he’s hurt, and for the friends who hurt him. He cries and cries and it’s like the hinges have finally burst on his little carefully locked box, and everything he compressed and tangled and shoved inside it is coming streaming out, filling up the space behind his ribs until he can barely breathe with it. Steve trembles and bites his wrist to keep back the sobs, eventually rolling onto the floor to keep from shaking the rusty springs of his cot and waking the neighbors.
—can you do that again?” Tony huffed, bucking harder suddenly.
“I’ll still buy you that drink, if you want,” he suggested.
“Yeah, Tony, it’s me. How are you doing?” Steve asks, not without awkwardness, but his tone is low, gentle, kind; he sounds like he cares. Tony’s eyes are hot and he stifles a weak sound into the back of his wrist. The bones of it are sharp against his mouth.
He programs them into the top of the priority sequences, which isn’t hard. He leaves notes in the code that say things like
And so they talk, sometimes. Tony has nothing but time, now.
There was an amused huffing sound right behind Steve, and he whirled around to find Friday there, leaning down and chewing grass slowly. He could’ve sworn she hadn’t been there just a second ago.
under attack, so Steve stopped to get a better look instead of going straight to his bed for a much-needed nap.
Steve took a breath, and another. Whether Tony did or not, it was overwhelmingly likely that Steve would never see him again. This had been good—amazing, really—but—
“Not what I asked,” Tony said as he slid onto the stool beside Steve, but it was under his breath, so Steve didn’t think he was supposed to answer. Silently, he turned his mess of a “we can still be friends” speech over in his head like a ball of yarn, wondering if there was a tail end anywhere that he could pick up just to start talking, but he wasn’t entirely sure that he wouldn’t immediately swallow his tongue if he tried. Then Tony started talking, formal and awkward, and Steve understood too late that
“What?” Tony asked.
Tony might well be the most beautiful thing he’d ever seen. His face was only a few scant inches away, his expression was gentle with affection and desire, open and artless, and he… he wasn’t a stranger anymore. Not really. Steve couldn’t breathe. He liked Tony. He’d liked him from the first moment he’d seen him at the other end of the bar, and he’d only liked him more by the minute. But seeing him like this, with his eyes such a bright,
, God, Steve might’ve known for
So Steve waited a day, and then called Jarvis on the phone. Jarvis would at least hear him out before avoiding and ignoring him.
“It would have upset you,” Steve points out, and Tony snaps. He punches Steve right in the face, hard enough that his head snaps back onto the concrete floor. He’s a damn supersoldier, Tony thinks callously. He can handle a little pain.
Tony smiled back, and then he was gone.
“You thought I was in danger, and you wanted to save me.” In that, at least, Steve could never find fault. “But that can’t have been the only way—Tony, wasn’t there something else you could have done, something—“
“Just say what you want to say, Steve,” Tony said. He sounded… he sounded
my fault, I’m the one who went and—“
“How about you get in me and find out?” Tony suggested. Steve laughed.
Steve is right there, and he’s real too.
Tony works with manic energy, racing along the threads he untangled last night before diving into the new one, the stranger to him.
“Thanks,” Steve said again. He was far too old and stringy for it to be true, but it raised his spirits a little all the same. He sipped at his drink as the bartender ambled over to a new customer at the end of the bar and struck up a low-voiced, familiar conversation.
He can’t let it happen. He
is the best objection Tony can come up with, in the end. No, of course he’s trying, of course—
“Did you know?” Tony asks again.
It wasn’t until he was returning to his place in the back with his sketchbook—when he caught a satisfied, objective-achieved type look on Tony’s face out of the corner of his eye—that it occurred to him that Tony might have been testing his restraint, too. Wondering if he could control himself now that his feelings for Tony were known between them. That thought hurt, but Steve did understand. He’d gone in there hoping to prove just the same thing, after all. Whatever Tony needed to feel reassured about Steve’s intentions for him, for their friendship, Steve was willing to do it for him.
you don’t recognize me?”
going to give it to you and Friday won’t be able to talk to me anymore. I
“I’d rather be on my back,” Tony said, when he saw where Steve was going. Maybe he did have a preference after all. Or maybe, with all his flattery, he wanted—
if he’d only planned to sleep that night. The things he could be thinking of that were not sleep made Steve shiver pleasantly. “You’re not, so I won’t.”
Steve really, really hopes it’s just the exhaustion, but truthfully—he’s come to know Ross much too well for that by now.
“Uh, hey, Steve,” Tony said from behind him, and Steve jumped so hard he almost fell off the stool altogether. “Sorry to startle you, I didn’t mean—are you okay?”
, but he could handle it, he
not on offer, but that kinda smile could sure get the
In Germany, there are a more people who agree that the Avengers shouldn’t be controlled by the UN, but there are also more that want to see them punished for the destruction they did within the city itself. The fight at the airport grounded a lot of planes and ruined a lot of jobs, and on top of that the whole area was under the tightest, most panicked security for weeks until things could return to a semblance of functionality. Tony, he comes to understand, has paid for most of the damage himself.
—Steve was liking Tony more all the time. Every minute, it felt like. He’d only been in love once, the excited wartime flash in the pan that he and Peggy had been, so he wasn’t sure how to be certain whether these feelings were love as well, but he wasn’t afraid.
thought it was something to be ashamed of. And really, Steve had only been surprised, since Tony always talked like—
Tony sees red, realizing all at once that not only has Steve been lying to him—
Steve did.
was the one who hadn’t known how close he was. Finally, gasping, Tony stopped shaking.
Of course, it can’t last. He isn’t, in fact, just one out of many. The serum makes that impossible. Maybe Steve himself makes that impossible, he doesn’t know for sure.
“I really do love you,” Steve said aloud, leaning their foreheads together. It looked like there was a torrent of words trying to fight their way out of Tony’s mouth, but he managed to hold them back, and said only,
Steve wanted to say that it didn’t matter to him. He wanted to say that he’d take Tony’s shirt off and kiss him and want him anyway—and he
. But it can’t be—
. So that’s how it was. It was strange, somehow, seeing Tony nervous, but there was nothing else that odd expression could mean. Steve leaned forward and took Tony’s hand, pulling him into the pool of lamplight until he was sitting on the sheets in front of Steve. He put a hand reassuringly on Tony’s bare knee and tried to ignore the urge to pet the thin, silk-smooth skin there.
something, he’s part of a group of people who are doing just what he is, and between their joint efforts, the building goes back up. For a while, he’s not even really Steve Rogers. He’s just a man, one out of many.
“Yeah?” he asked.
“Of course I would,” Steve says. As though Tony hasn’t had every choice stripped away from him by guilt or by debt or by Ross outright. As though, for him, it was never in question.
But he couldn’t, he reminded himself. Just kissing wasn’t usually this distracting. He grasped for rationality and pulled back an inch or two, sharing Tony’s breath while they regrouped.
Shock. It was unbelievable, amazing, almost too good to be true—could Steve really love him? Was it possible? Loving Steve was easy, he’d done it for what felt like forever, but Steve—
Steve had loved it. And he had the feeling that Tony had too. Otherwise, how could anybody explain why Tony had looked so peaceful and relaxed once he went back to his adult mindset? He could have been upset, embarrassed, or regretful, but he never showed any of that.
So now there he was, standing outside the elevator while trying to get rid of the trembling the nightmare and utterly exhaustion had caused, his hand hesitating whether to push a button or not. Tony was completely on the edge, all his energy drained due to excessive work, restless nights and starvation, but mostly, for forcing his Little side away. All Tony wanted to do was ride the elevator to Steve’s floor and let the man take care of him. But, at the same time, he wanted to go and hide in his workshop again, wait until this craving went away and feel proud for being able to control himself one more time. For making Steve lose.
"Seriously? JARVIS! Stop ratting on me!" Tony ordered, glaring at the roof. Steve chuckled. "What's so funny?"
“I know sweetheart, I know you do,” Steve said, sounding a bit distressed, “and I’m sure your daddy will be here soon, but right now you’ll have to settle for uncle Steve.”
"So, how do you feel about me knowing?" Steve asked, truly wanting to know the answer. If Clint wanted him to pretend he knew nothing, that would be fine by him. He didn't want to make Clint uncomfortable in any way.
"Lying!" Clint accused, and he had all the right to do so. Truth to be told, Steve didn’t even know if there were pull-ups in Phil’s and Clint’s floor, he hadn’t gone there to check.
But Steve was walking towards the door, and he was going to leave him alone, and Clint was going to have what Tony had been craving for. It wasn’t fair, not according to Tony.
Tony might not have fussed about wearing diapers, using them, on the other hand, was a totally different story. First of all, his play dates never last too much, they began late in the evening and everything went back to normal by the following morning, so Tony didn’t spend too much time diapered. And if Tony needed to empty his bladder, he would inform Steve so he took the diaper off and Tony could pee in the toilet, ignoring any comment Steve said about how perfectly okay it was to use the diapers the way they were meant to. Steve remained positive anyway, at least Tony didn't remove it by himself without telling him.
No matter what Steve said, he didn’t manage to coax Tony into leaving his fetal position on the floor, and when he finally did, he regretted it almost immediately. As soon as his baby got a glimpse of him, his face crumpled in dismay and guilt, and the crying, which had finally begun to subside seconds earlier, was back in full force, body heaving up and down in convulsive sobs.
“We need to talk Tony, it’s not possible you keep avoiding me like this anymore. We’re a team, we need to be in touch in order to work correctly in the battlefield,” Steve argued, sitting down next to him.
"Of course you’re not, you’re a big boy, Uncle Steve’s just being silly," Steve said condescendingly. "Let me take a look where I hit you," he asked. Clint shook his head, but he allowed Steve to rearrange the two of them until Steve ended up sitting down on the floor and Clint on his lap.
Yes, I know, I know. Another short chapter. But I guess I do like it that way, otherwise, it's more difficult to find the time (or energy) to write. Besides, the longer the chapter is, the lazier I get and I don't check for spelling and things like that n_n'
“You’re going to spill the juice.”
Without a doubt, giving the circumstances, letting Phil look after him would have been the wisest thing to do, the adult thing to do. It was no secret to Phil that Steve and Tony were age playing – Steve had even gotten the idea from him and Clint – nor what role Tony played; therefore, Tony knew he had had no valid reason for acting the way he had. He had certainly not handled the situation like a grown-up should have.
Once again, thank you for all your comments and kudos. They do light up my day.
“Okay baby boy, this is what we’re going to do,” Steve said right after one more cuddle. Tony’s body tensed a little, he’d almost forgotten this wasn’t over yet. “We’re going to go to your nursery, we’re going to get you into some more comfortable clothes, and then you’re going to tell daddy what you’d like to do today,” he informed.
Honestly, Tony was glad he had ended up falling asleep, he wasn’t sure what Steve would have tried to do if he hadn’t. Perhaps, Steve would have kept trying to persuade him to do something he wasn’t comfortable with yet – even if he kind of wanted to be – so this had been the best ending scenario. Tony yawned deeply, feeling how his eyelids became heavier and heavier. Certainly, he would have to deal with Steve the next day – or in a few hours, he really didn’t know what time it was – but right now he was feeling to sleepy to force himself to do anything but going back to sleep.
And for a thousandth second, Steve was sure he had gotten into Tony. But the moment was so brief, so fleeting, he later doubted it even happened.
Before he even realized it, Tony was already comfortably settled on the bed, back leaned against the headboard, legs resting on the mattress, one on the top of the other, and the hour hand of the watch on his wrist pointing at two numbers ahead of the number it pointed when he arrived to the bedroom. Yes, definitely Tony lost track of time when checking his e-mail.
The way to the table was all blurry, Tony was sure he did walk, but he wasn’t sure if his feet actually supported all his weight. It was until he was sitting down at the table that he completely awoke and all his bad mood went to the surface again. If Steve thought he had already won, he was more than mistaken. He wasn’t just going to sit down there quietly and have dinner like he wanted him to do. He stood up as soon as Steve went to fetch the dishes, walking fast to… well, there was nowhere he could go outside the floor, but at least he could hide. He deliberately ignored that inner voice inside his head that was murmuring him how childish his behavior was starting to be.
