“You know, he just doesn’t want you to think poorly of him,” Rhodes says, straightening and starting to turn to head back inside. “Or to scratch him from combat,” he adds, as an afterthought.
go back to the “make yourself bigger”
Tony shakes himself, smiling ruefully. “Making it all about me again. Not really what I meant to do.”
Rhodes scowled and flicked Tony on the arm. “Man, why do I still tell you stuff like that?”
Tony, on his way out the door for an SI meeting in Manhattan, ran into Steve, on his way into the compound after a visit to Peggy Carter. Tony asked him how it had gone.
“I wouldn’t suggest that. Sam may have registered, but he can still be prosecuted for working with you. Same for the rest of your team.”
Steve’s hand wraps around Tony’s throat and sinks the weight of his forearm onto Tony’s chest. The spasm of pain in Tony’s shoulder knocks the wind out of him even as the grip on his neck tightens. Steve drives into him harder, faster, rocking Tony’s whole body.
“It’s a phone, I’m me, that’s how, no problem.” Tony chooses not to take offense. He’s a big person, he’s moving on. Onto business. “Anyway, I was calling because—”
“Troublesome.”
“I wouldn’t say that,” Tony says carefully. “Some color would be nice, though.”
“How was the job with the sheriff?” Steve asks when Tony, fresh from the shower, joins him in the kitchen.
Tony looks skeptical, but nods.
“Sure thing, Mr. Moneybags.”
what the FUCK
“And he didn’t say anything about it?” Sam asks. At Steve’s negative, he adds, “At all?”
so Tony can target his palm repulsor like
“I handed you an electron scrambler!”
wowwwwww
Carol insists that Rhodes needs to see a video of rotini being manufactured. JARVIS brings it up on the main screen and everyone settles into couches to watch, clutching their drinks and dessert plates. When the video ends, Jen puts on a compilation of cats wandering into courtrooms, then T’Challa presents one of a parade of cats dressed in Avengers costumes, and Natasha—who had never struck Steve as a dog person, but here they are—insists they balance out the cat representation and asks JARVIS to play what transpires to be a video of a dachshund proudly carrying an oversized branch. Jan follows it with an Instagram post of Lucky stealing pizza out of Clint’s hand without him noticing. Pepper plays a video she took of Tony in Pym’s lab. Her giggles are audible in the background, as well as the buzz of other students. Onscreen, Tony pours beakers of liquids Steve doesn’t recognize into other beakers, until the mixture he’s made lights up in a flash, making a little round cloud of gray dust just above the beaker’s rim. Video-Pepper’s laughter rises into a guffaw at the stunned expression on video-Tony’s dust-covered face.
“If you say so,” Steve says, grabbing his gym bag and heading out the door.
“What to do?”
Three weeks pass. It takes painstaking effort to sift out missions and moments from the detritus of thoughts. Like Steve’s searching for a single light in a single window in a single skyscraper when all of Manhattan is illuminated, a million points of brightness against the night’s dark. Clarity does not return; nor does cognizance. Shame and outrage never arrive. Every day, another part of him is plucked out, like marrow being stripped from his bones.
He wonders what the press is saying about him now.
hey so if you end up back in that sunbeam library make sure you get the fuck out immediately
“If we decide that’s what’s best, that’s what I’ll do,” Steve says, voice rising. “Damnit, I’m trying to—I’d have conditions. I’m not going to—I wouldn’t just hand myself over to SHIELD, I wouldn’t just abandon my ideals, but I can—compromise. And I expect the same of you.”
“What’s your deal?” Spencer asks.
“You know me, Cap,” Tony said, taking a swig of his coffee. “There’s never just one.”
A hand wipes mud from his eyes. “Steve?”
They pass a sleeping three-headed dog, which Tony tells him is the last landmark before they’re due to climb back up to the silver mines. They wind the rest of their way up, until there’s sunlight spilling out around the next bend.
Tony manages to stop himself from jumping at the sound, but it’s a near thing. He’s reeling. Not a minute ago he thought he was about to be executed, a minute before that he thought he’d be lucky to get a word in over all the yelling, and now Steve’s, what—going to stand back and talk this out?
He takes to avoiding the library whenever possible.
“So talk to him,” Parker repeats, then hangs up on him.
“Yeah, okay, you salute whatever flag you want, we’ve got work to do,” Spencer grumbles.
He reaches the edge of the park just in time to hear a hum of repulsors and catch a flash of gunmetal gray and a glint of red; War Machine is flying Tony toward the tower. Steve watches their arc through the air. When they light on the landing pad on the roof of Stark Tower, Steve breaks back into a run.
“Any of the intel you’ve been digging through WikiLeaks-worthy, Rogers?” Tony asked.
“If I could’ve brought you in, talked—”
“Pretend I’m not playing.”
“What the hell’s wrong with you?” the man—Brian someone, Tony thinks—yells, trying to push Steve off him.
Expectations are dangerous—much like knives. Like knives, expectations can be used to wound quite effectively when wielded by someone who knows what they’re doing. An expert in knives could kill you with surgical precision, perform actual surgery on you, turn a ream of paper into a pop-up book about Baroque architecture, or simply graze your skin in a clean scratch. A master manipulator can lead you toward feelings of disappointment, surprise, self-loathing, or gratitude.
“Me too," Tony says, a look on his face like he knows why Steve never did.
that was BONKERS
Another not-quite smile. "I'm getting better." Tony must look skeptical because Steve leans in several millimeters, so slightly he must not realize he's doing it, and says, "Really, Tony. I'm alright. I'm worried about you."
Three more fingers join the first, scraping down Tony’s abused back. Then a second hand, grazing along Tony’s front, a fingernail scratching at his nipple. All that Tony gives away is his rabbiting heart and gasping breath. He can do this. Steve’s trying to provoke him, so he won’t react. It’s not even pain, not as Tony reckons these things.
Fighting Carol is, strictly speaking, the very last thing Tony remembers. But all he can think of now is what happened before Steve left for DC.
Steve thinks about the year they’ve had. Losing Wanda, Clint, Jack, Scott. The destruction of the mansion. The mutants nearly destroyed. Atlantis evacuated. Nick Fury in hiding.
I’m sure I will
“Speaking of great asses,” Hardison agrees.
Then again, that’s nothing new.
Steve stared, transfixed, at his name on Tony's wrist. Tony set out to catalogue and memorize every minute detail of Steve's face. The angle of the sun, the dust motes in the air, the sound of Steve’s breath. He never wanted to forget this. And it staved off the fear that this was a dream.
It’s snowing. Snowflakes fall from the sky, drift up from the ground, fly back and forth. Tony stumbles with vertigo, his vision going gray at the edges.
yeah that sounds wild
believe me, they’re gonna be just fine
do I really have to spell it out for you
“If I want to make it better, what?”
But he can’t shake off the images of the man with bare hands, brushing the pads of his fingers over the spot where Tony was just caned, of Steve wearing their uniform, of Steve taunting him.
“Doesn’t mean it wasn’t intense.”
“And you dunno who sends ‘em.”
“The mayor told you that Eva had a repair job for you on the edge of town,” Steve says, scraping the onions into a cast iron skillet. Hot oil hisses under them as he pushes them around with a wooden spoon.
his mission.
“I know what you mean,” Tony snaps. He sighs. “Look, the way I see it, the supersoldier serum, it’s just technology. You with the serum, me with the armor—they help us be who we really are.” His voice is softer now, and Steve doesn’t think it’s just because he’s talking about armor. “Who we want to be. I’m not saying it would be the same, just that, you know, you can still help.”
Steve’s a fool. He knew Tony would leave him behind someday; he knew there’d come a time when Tony would laugh at him from behind his mask, at his ignorance, at how slow his thoughts move compared to Tony's. After all this, he should’ve realized that’s how it’s always been. That what Steve’s been valuing so highly has been a game to Tony.
“Say what you came here to say.”
The press notices the absences, too. Or one of them.
“That’s the reason,” Steve says, and that isn’t right, this isn’t happening, because he sounds heartbroken. “That’s why you never changed my overrides.”
The shield is still on Steve’s arm. His other hand is in a fist.
Mostly, this consists of doing what he thinks Steve would do. Or, put more plainly, acting by hook and by crook to accomplish what he thinks Steve would want done, even if it’s a bit twistical. He’s never been too sure Steve’s way was the best one, though Steve sure as a gun thought his was the only good and just way. Tony misses the rows they used to have—the speculative ones about right and wrong, anyhow.
“Uh, yes, duh, didn’t your phone say who was calling? I was hoping you—”
There had also been a documentary about the Beatles. Steve had watched the whole thing, finding it a good break from the depressing chronology of war and authoritarianism. He’d wondered if he should be glad they’d included a few palate cleansers, or if someone picking the contents just really liked the band.
In the final scene, Brickenn and Klithua are fatally wounded after fighting off the Star Cullers. Brickenn exhausts the scant strength he has remaining to activate the Forge of Stars, which will build a new sun to replace one that was just annihilated. It’s too late for the inhabitants of that solar system, but it will be a beacon for others—another light in the sky. It’s too late for Brickenn and Klithua, too, bleeding out faster than they can signal for help.
(See the end of the chapter for
Without turning from his drink, Stark says, "Oh, why, hello there, Sheriff. I guess you have nuthin’ better to do but infringe on my constitutional right to pursue happiness."
“Have you ever thought,” Steve says, voice quiet, low like the crackle of static electricity sparking off cold metal, “of me—I mean. Of you and me.”
Well. He managed to ask Tony for this, and he got it. He’ll deal with the consequences of that, certainly, but for now—for now he’s going to enjoy himself.
what he means to
With a sharp nod, Doom removes his own gauntlets and examines Tony's. Together, Steve guided by Doom's instructions, they cobble together the wires and magnets and deconstructed metal casing into a device that they strap to Tony’s chest and plug straight into his skin.
“Does it help,” she says, “to think about this as something that’s being done for him, and not for you?”
So if we were able to contact someone, they’d be able to do something about that.
I hear your study group all got out of L-space safely
Sharon fired the shots that killed Tony. She’s in SHIELD custody, as is Crossbones, who’d been sniping. Bucky and Sam caught up to him, apparently, though Bucky’s in the wind again. Sharon’s memory is spotty, but psychics have traced her brainwashing to Dr. Faustus, who was posing as a SHIELD psychiatrist, and Faustus in turn has been connected to Red Skull. She’s confused on most points, but didn’t seem to have expected Tony to be there at all. Her target was supposed to be Steve. This was meant to be the climax of Red Skull’s master plan: Steve’s public death at Sharon’s hands.
when we met back up in that fancy marble library
tell Lucky I love him better than you do
ha, ha
Doom Manor strikes Tony’s as both unfortunately and inaccurately named. It has more in common with French palaces and châteaus than even the grandest of the mansions and plantations he’s seen in the Americas. The roofline is all spires and pinnacles and too-tall chimneys. The facade is a patchwork of pointed arches, sharp cornices, and towers branching off of towers. It looks altogether as steep and sheer and formidable as the mountain face it’s built into. Tony can’t fathom how the supplies and manpower for its construction could
Steve realizes he’s frowning. He smooths out his face and starts, “I hope you have a life here that’s as brilliant as you are,” and in the same moment, Tony gets to his feet and says, “I hope you’re happy back in the 40’s.”
“Your pick.”
“Spoilsport.”
why do I talk to you about these things
After a moment to process this, Parker says, “We can definitely use that,” and then everyone but Tony starts talking at once.
Steve rubbed his face with the heel of his wrist. “Yeah, I’m confident you know just what I mean.”
are you sure
There are cheers. People dancing and embracing. Celebratory shots fired into the air. Couples kissing. Folk are already calling Red Wolf “Sheriff.”
Oh hello!
So much of Tony’s work. Gone.
The gatekeeper might once have been a man, though he just as well may have started as an antler shed by a mule deer in the winter. Overlong limbs with too many knees and elbows pointing in too many directions taper off and multiply, arms and legs giving way to branches to twigs, too delicate to support weight but doing so nonetheless. If he had a spine once, or eyes, or a mouth, or a head of hair, they are gone now, pounded like bruised clay into a paste of smooth, curving flesh.
Beside him, Tony closes his eyes and says in a quiet voice, “Sorry, Victor. Sort of.” In the space between blinks, his empty hands come to clasp a leather-bound book.
“Hey, don’t leave Steve out!” Tony complains. “That’s America’s ass.”
If he pulls out one of the IVs, an alarm will go off on one of the machines monitoring him. That's usually enough to bring a medical professional in, to check that he's getting enough of whatever fluids or medications he's been prescribed. There's probably a computer somewhere that monitors that sort of thing, even if the beeping isn't audible to anyone nearby. Should he take one out? He has no way of knowing what drugs they’re piping into him, or how much. Maybe he can jostle one enough to set off the machines, and then reinsert it himself.
Without letting up from his hullabaloo, Honton tugs at the handle. It doesn’t budge.
In the background is a constant, low grumble of, “
“Tell me anyway.”
"It was necessary," Steve replies, "after whatever you did to yourself. You might have stayed unconscious forever, otherwise."
The frenetic crowd swells into a screaming swarm. There’s blood in Steve’s eyes, obscuring his vision, and he’s disoriented, from falling and from the bullets that knocked him over—but he knows what the burst of red and gold approaching him is, and he knows it’s Sharon who’s screaming his name. Then red and gold is all he can see; Tony crouches over him, pinning and shielding him. The sniper is still firing. Bullets strike the armor, then fall harmlessly to the ground.
I didn’t need you to come all the way out here yourself, I could’ve—”
“I can,” Steve says, fervently. He knows, with great clarity, what Tony’s done. But Tony is brilliant, bright like a star, and the brightest lights cast the longest shadows. Steve’s been living under the one in his own mind since Tony’s death. Now that he’s back in the sun, he needs Tony there with him. “Please. Tony. I knew what I was saying.”
“You haven’t opened it? Not so much as a peek at the endpapers?” Tony lifts his eyebrows. “How can you be sure it’s genuine?”
He comes out shooting, but not a single bullet lands. It’s the governor’s men, and Lester right there gloating over—god, no—Steve’s body. Lester’s standing close enough that if he were a snake, Tony could bite him.
Tony’s heart races. Extremis displays his accelerating heart rate, flashing warnings, graphing each ragged breath.
“Shit.” Tony’s voice comes from very close by.
“Nah, there’s better equipment in here,” Sam said.
They shove him to the floor, his legs straight out in front of him. His wrists are shackled. His ankles they chain to an iron bar that’s bolted to the floor. He knows that’s so he can’t twist away from blows to the soles of his feet.
“Then stay. Please. Just—let me hold you?”
. The tutors who taught him Shakespeare would weep. “What’s the circumstance of life that if you take all trouble there, there’ll remain some still?”
Tony refuses to let this man see him crying. He’s seen enough of Tony already.
“Well,” Tony says, tilting his helmeted head as he looks around the room, “if this is a supervillain lair, it’s much nicer than our usual fare.”
It isn’t so bad. More than one of Tony’s guests tries to hurt Steve until he responds, but none of them have the strength, stamina, or training to do more than smack his ass red and raise welts on his back and arms. Large as the bed is, there isn’t enough space for more than two or three at a time to use him, and mostly they laugh at his lack of response and rub off on his skin to pass the time until a more active partner intervenes. Even when Steve loses direct contact with Tony’s body, he imagines he can feel his weight on the mattress, that as long as Tony is in reach, Tony has him.
“Do you think it has?”
Steve takes Tony into his arms and kisses him soundly.
“Why did I agree to this interview?” Steve scowls at the list of questions he’s been asked to review.
if you intended to conceal your interest in him you have failed to do so.  I say that because you work well together as a two-person team. your skills and assets are complementary and together give you the resources to face a wider variety and number of foes than either of you could defeat alone
The everyday traffic of the city has given way to full-blown weekday rush-hour congestion by the time he emerges, and when he gets back on his bike he’s subjected to the regular flow of traffic. It’s slow going back to Manhattan, but between the honking and the exhaust fumes he at least has time to drink his to-go Americano and come up with a plan.
Stark nods, face still downcast toward his hands.
I heard the term “interdimensional library labyrinth” bandied about
Steve climbs down Tony’s body, stroking his own cock. He kicks Tony’s knees apart and kneels between them. He presses a dry finger between Tony’s cheeks, and Tony whimpers. It hasn’t even brushed against his hole yet. He should be stronger than this. But Steve undoes him. He always has.
When Steve wakes, the dragon program has shut off, the lights have dimmed, and Tony is breathing softly beside him. It’s peaceful. It feels like a moment divorced entirely from linear time. There’s no yesterday, no tomorrow, just this.
When Tony comes out from the shower, there’s a plate of croissants and a carafe of steaming coffee on a small table, and Steve’s dressed, sitting on the bed and poring through a pile of paper copies. Tony doesn’t have anything to do but eat, and after that to linger over his coffee and watch Steve. He used to think about being with Steve like this, though when he pictured it, Tony was working and Steve was his audience. In Tony’s imagination, Steve was drawing Tony—his attention focused entirely on Tony, even when Tony was distracted.
Hey Clint
“That’s it,” Tony says, thinking of holding the Gems under his command and what he imagined and didn’t imagine, all that he imagined he didn’t.
“Retirement suits you more than I thought it would.”
I’m counting that thing you said after we got pretzels
They don’t ask him any questions. They don’t make demands. They beat him until he screams and sobs, until his vision fizzes with stars, dims into black and back out again.
This is it. Everything is going according to plan. Tony will become a martyr to Registration. Steve hates him now, but this is how it has to be. At least this way, Steve won’t miss him when he’s gone.
thanks for the leads america
Jan hands him a small, flat box wrapped in mint green fabric with magenta polka-dots, the cloth forming the bow at the top. Tony carefully undoes the bow, while Jan clasps her hands and jumps up and down. Steve, who’s been maintaining a steady buzz on Grandmaster’s booze since the toast, has no idea how she still has so much energy. Watching her is making him sleepy, so he watches Tony, instead: his clever fingers, both flesh and metal, moving with utmost precision. When he finishes unwrapping, Tony sticks the fabric in his back pocket like a handkerchief.
engines and fatally ejects their engineer above the Veiled Wreck of Sonti, Brickenn recounts a morning waking on a mountaintop, his breath a white vapor, dew clinging to viridescent grasses, the tops of the clouds a flat plane of eiderdown under a cerulean sky. When their medic is killed by a bacterium on the Computer World of Cancri Prime, and Klithua and Brickenn hide from the mercenaries of the Violet Needle Brotherhood in glacier-carved subterranean caves, he describes the oceanic behemoths that wander his homeworld’s oceans, some surpassing the size of the
Count Lev Nikolayevich Tolstoy wrote: "All happy families are alike; each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way."
By October, temperatures dropped below freezing, and the crowd of furniture and bodies that filled the small apartment he shared couldn’t make up for the absence of heater fuel. He spent his nights shivering and failing to imagine the sensation of sunlight on his bare skin. Sound sleep became a dream as distant as the reaches of outer space. When the snow came that November and fingers of frost feathered across the windowpanes, he remembered the bleak picture of desolation and absence painted by
Tony inhales sharply, blinking tears out of his eyes. The expression on his face is full of wonder and affection. Has Tony looked at him like this before? He would’ve noticed, surely.
Right. Reed had said so. Medusa had said so.
“I’m sorry,” Tony says, knowing just what it is he doesn’t remember. Whatever’s between them, Tony can’t get what he wants, not really. Other people get to move on, find solace in one another, find a love with currents strong enough to carry them both. Other people don’t have a war between them.
Or, imagine that the love of your life is a man you haven't been able to stop thinking about since you first met battling a trickster god, a man you admire, a man who you believe is too good for you, too honest, too old-fashioned to ever return your feelings. Imagine that he is under a spell forcing him to lie, and he says, "I like you." Or, imagine that the love of your life is a man you haven't been able to stop thinking about since you first met battling a trickster god, a man you admire, a man who you believe is too smart for you, too worldly, too dedicated to enacting a vision of a beautiful future to ever return your feelings. Imagine that he is under a spell forcing him to lie, and he says, "I hate you." What do you think he is trying to say?
And Tony is smiling like he’s being shown the secrets to eternal bliss. And maybe he is, Steve thinks. Lieutenant Gonzales will mention some amazing breakthrough that happened in the 23rd century, or explain how the windows are really forcefields, or let Tony look at the circuitry for the artificial gravity array, and Tony will grin and grin, sometimes even laugh out loud with delight, and then—as if just noticing that Steve is in the room—glance back at him as if to say,
first of all
actually I don't think either of them realize they like each other yet
other iron man was talking about you
Tony sits by the window, posture meticulously at ease, in the middle of a sunbeam that spills over the hotel carpet through sheer linen curtains. If he concentrates, Steve can hear the sounds of the street outside. If he doesn’t, he can hear Tony—Tony’s breathing, his heartbeat, the small sound he makes in the back of his throat.
“Is there going to be another Iron Man?”
Tony snarls and slams his weight forward, his hands gripping Steve’s arms, their chests flush together as he pins Steve under him. “Then I’ll
“I thought you didn’t care.”
we went through the secret door and we were in this giant hall like a big reading room or something. it’s like, three storeys tall with desks and those green library lamps on the first floor and then card catalogs and specimen drawers and stuff on the second and then books on the third and on the top there’s this giant glass dome which we definitely do not have at school
Barnes yelps in surprise at that. There’s a muffled
Steve blinks. Tony had definitely said that he wasn’t sharing them with anyone. He’s spent the entire time after receiving them clutching the container protectively to his chest. But here he is, offering one for Steve to take. He’s holding it right up to Steve’s face; if he were to lean forward just a little, he could eat it right out of Tony’s hand.
I mean assuming they don’t interfere with the nature of causality because then the concepts of before and after will become moot and the multiverse could unravel
is too light a word, Steve thinks. The portal crossed
and I have already stated that you are otherwise well-suited
Steve drags him by the shoulder until he’s near enough to kiss. Which Steve does, a good long one, like a lady’s supposed to give her spark before he goes to war. Tony goes boneless and falls against him, mouth soft and sweet.
It shouldn’t feel weird. Steve’s been on this couch with Tony before. Hell, he’s been alone in this room with Tony, for hours at a time without feeling self-conscious.
“I’m not so sure it’s a good idea,” James said on their way out the door of Natasha’s bedroom.
“I thought Neppie was your cup of tea.”
“So he’s going to be okay?”
The shuttlebay is huge and impressive and dazzling, and yesterday Steve might have taken the time to be awed or overwhelmed, but now he just thinks how this is the last time he’ll see Tony. Ever.
break the spell, but ours doesn’t?”
that is so not okay
“I’m always leaving my stuff here, and last time instead of taking my spare coat I just hung it up in the closet, and then I figured I’d leave a pair of boots here, too, and—”
“You’ll regret that, Stark,” Honton promises before stomping off toward his room.
“Hi, Tony.” The speaker conveys Steve’s voice faultlessly.
“Yeah.”
Bucky and Rhodey and me were going to the computer lab but I think we’re like… stuck in a stairwell now?
so do you finally believe steve likes you?
“Not had the pleasure.”
“I was going to the arcade.”
When the launch countdown starts, Dugan uncuffs Steve long enough for him to join the salute.
“Got a backward sorta charm, though.”
“Guess so.”
right on
Steve blinks and sits up. “It was great. It went better than we’d hoped.”
, it says.
Steve knows that any news he's going to get about Honton, the three strangers, or Fisk's boys is bound to be lousy. He wonders which will cause the most trouble, in the end.
“You got nuthin’ better to do than drink yourself to death, Stark?”
to be, to hone and create and develop their powers—whether or not their own baseline is in the middle of the bell curve.
“Wait, wait. Mr. Stark,” Hardison puts in. “Are you seeing anyone right now?”
“I think I see what you’re getting at,” Steve says, patient but expectant. “I guess not, by the nature of the question, no, if the universe were completely altered, there wouldn’t be any evidence of it. That seems more the kind of question for you or Reed, though.”
“You can do better,” Alicia agrees. Her heeled boots advance on him.
What the
“Jim’s mom’s recipe is
Steve and Sam spend the afternoon tossing the shield back and forth like a frisbee all over the grounds. When they start heading to the residential side of the compound, the sun is settling down on the horizon and their conversation is comfortable, if spare.
“Tony—”
“What,” Tony says, eyes going wide, panic in his voice. “The same—fuck.”
Yes. Of course he would have. Tony’s always thought he was expendable. And Steve let him.
“You got me. Coffee delivery, that’s all you are to me, Rogers.”
“I was trying to stop you. That’s all. I swear.”
“No!” Wormseed screeches.
I just made rhodey stop for pretzels
It’s hours past suppertime, if Tony’s belly is any guide, though the contents of his pack seem none too appetizing and he doesn’t think he’d keep down even the finest of fare if he ate it in this place. The corridors beyond the gate throb with the same uncanny pulse and corkscrew down in the same dim spiral, but the further he goes, the higher the temperature and humidity rise. He slaps at a mosquito on reflex, and isn’t surprised to hear its brethren buzzing in his ears.
except 10 minutes ago everything went wild and the numbers we got kept jumping up and down by huge amounts, seemingly at random
Steve pulls at his bonds, useless as it is. He should’ve expected this, should be surprised it hasn’t happened sooner. Tony’s been spoiling him, letting him have Tony all to himself, and now he’s going to pay for his presumptions. He tries to shake his head, but Tony’s not looking; the man with him is working Tony’s suit jacket off his shoulders while the woman slips her arms out of the sleeves of her dress and peels the top half down her torso.
Too late. The door to his room crashes open, the outside doorknob and lock melted and mangled. Tony stands there, looking frustrated and determined and beautiful, his hair flattened on one side, his lips bitten dark and swollen.
The man facing Stark is another visitor, one Steve noticed two days before and hadn’t expected to see again after the following day's train out of town. He’s an ordinary enough fellow, in fine black clothes only a little rumpled and besprinkled with sand. Right now, he looks mad enough to bite himself. “This is nothing to joke about,” he hisses.
The truth is that lies are everywhere, covering up the truth like snow covers the frozen ground of the Siberian tundra. Sometimes the lies are barefaced and glaring, like the visibility of fresh arterial blood against newly fallen snow in the noonday sun. Other times the lies are lost among the truth, like when the northern nights are so long and dark that a figure clad in a black leather tactical suit can disappear entirely among the brush. A person experienced in such things can come to discern the shape of the land from the shape of snowdrifts, but they can also be fooled, believing that a flat stretch of snow is innocuous when really it covers a series of secret tunnels and underground bunkers, or perhaps thinking that a small hill is a snow-covered barn.
May if he stayed here, where there’s no need for Captain America, Steve could just—rest. Be. Find out what’s important to him, what he wants to be, without the shield.
“Do I think reality has changed?”
find out what it’s like to be shot at a fair few times.”
y’all, it was the only thing from home I was able to take with me—it had a broad, all-encompassing kinda sentimental value. Unlike you and Tony Stark, who you look at like if you’re a really good boy, he might take you out for walkies later.”
tomorrow in dr pym’s class
“But Tony,” Steve says, taking hold of Tony’s chin, “you promised.” He doesn’t sound hurt or angry. He sounds smug.
Have you need of an illusion?
The only one to ask, “Are you alright?” is Cage.
He pictures Tony’s body in its golden coffin, momentum unchecked in the vacuum of space, ice crystals in his veins, stars going dark around him—the universe dimming and disintegrating in his absence.
“There are awesome,” Tony breathes, running his fingers over the contents. The knives have a bright vermeil finish. They nestle into velvet-lined niches cut to fit each one exactly.
Tony’s inside the suit and nearly has all the parts locked in when the distant commotion becomes much closer.
Tony sighed. “Steve. If this were a truth spell, where we had to tell each other the truth, or exactly what we were thinking, instead of lying—would you be asking me questions?”
Like he could look anywhere else. Steve’s wearing a Hydra uniform, and he smirks down at Tony. “I thought I’d have another day or two before you figured it out.”
He feels warm breath over one shoulder, hears it growing louder as the person behind him leans in. A heavier exhale ghosts across his skin, and Tony jerks involuntarily, wrenching his side all over again, gasping at the shock of pain. He can hear the person’s smile form, a nearly inaudible crackle of saliva as their lips turn upward. A single fingertip lands near his shoulderblade and scuttles across Tony skin, following a mark left by the cane. It moves excruciatingly slow, making his hair stand on end.
hostile ones
“Yeah, yeah, you’re screwing each other, we know,” Spencer interjects. “The whole world knows, you can stop talking about it. Debrief over.”
There’s no time left for Tony’s frustration or anger.
“I dunno,” the gatekeeper says at last.
There are more voices, too muffled to be clear. Tony finds his feet. He can stand, as it turns out, though he knows his own forge well enough to tell that his vision’s still doubled.
“Oh, yes,” she says, as if agreeing to something rather than replying. “You’re both welcome to stay here. Or, as I was going to say, we can return you to just a second after you left, or anywhere and anywhen you like.”
“No.” Steve’s voice grew quiet.
knows anything about interior design.
Tony, naked and honey-colored in the morning sun, takes hold of Steve’s chin and kisses him languorously. Steve closes his eyes and lets himself kiss back. Today Tony tastes like Irish coffee.
—replied to him: “I’m fine.”
oh my god are you and Wilson fucking? Does Steve know? Can I tell him?”
Tony can’t regret Steve. He refuses. Not the real one. He won’t.
unless we’re in the sunbeam one
Tony turns his head away, unwilling to close his eyes and unable to look Steve in the face. The throbbing in his side settles into a rhythm with Steve’s unhurried thrusting.
“Look, I hope this isn’t weird,” Tony says, looking down at his hands, “but after today I may never see you again. So, I wanted to say, I’m going to miss you so much. The day we found you in the ice, it was—that will always be the best day of my life.” He meets Steve’s eyes once more. “I’m so glad I met you.”
Tony dismounts and dons a charming smile. “Victor von Doom, I presume?” As he approaches, he sees that under his forest-green cloak, the man is sporting a full suit of plate armor. Well, Tony supposes he’s not one to judge such sartorial choices, these days. “I’m Tony Stark. I hear you’re the man that first settled this valley.”
Tony eats the rest with a split lip, Steve’s arm around his waist holding him close.
we appropriated guns from the humanoid units and used them to great effect
Well, since you brought it up, I’d like your perspective on something.
(And yes, there’s already a Captain America in the game with a red power of the same name. It’s a good name.)
“The two fellas you’ve been around town with, one all in green, the other dressed less distinctively in black.”
Steve’s heart sinks. Tony had another flare-up, and Steve didn’t know. It probably hadn’t even occurred to Tony that Steve would want to help. Rhodes had said that Tony doesn’t want Steve to think poorly of him, but what does it mean that Tony thinks so poorly of
Steve looks away and rubs at the back of his neck. “Um. The chemistry homework one?”
“Then get a sex toy,” Tony says, tasting blood.
You Escalate, I Escalate (Blue)
I’m sorry, I haven’t learned Northeastern Squirrelese yet.
Finding his voice, Tony confirms, “In spades.” The swarm of paparazzi that flock to this event comprise one of the reasons he usually sends his invitation back with his regrets and a check with a lot of zeros.
When Tony sends for him, it’s with a self-piloted helicopter that lands on the roof of Steve’s hotel.
Steve pictures a holographic tentacle rotating in midair. “I’ll ask him for another favor.”
"Why should I trust you?"
you two had this vibe
"Are you—" Tony starts, then stops himself.
“Loki told you,” Rhodes repeats slowly.
What comes out is, “It wasn’t supposed to be like this.” Fuck, that’s pathetic. Some good not being frightened does him when he’s this angry and frantic.
“I would’ve healed. You’re not obligated—”
all of the books are about libraries
could it talk?
could trust me?”
There’s no fight, there’s no war, and there’s no Tony. No chance for reconciliation.
“Mr. Stark is unavailable,” JARVIS says smoothly.
“Wormseed.”
negative
“Sounds great,” Steve agrees.
“Why would I be?”
does he think I can’t defend myself or something?
“BuzzFeed has a 50-photo gallery of your cutest moments caught on camera,” Hardison continues. “There’s already half-a-dozen op-eds in
“Uh, yeah,” Tony says. “Who are you, and where are we?”
I see. Preliminary scans do indicate that the Timeless Archives have been breached by a network of non-Euclidean dimensions. How can I be of assistance?
Steve looks up at her. “What are we talking about?”
The bedroom door is open when Tony reaches the top of the stairs—but it isn’t the bedroom—the walls are gray and sterile, covered in electronic panels and hardware, and Alicia is already standing inside, regarding him coolly—or it looks like Alicia, but her hair is dark, and her blank expression is a mask, a gold plate fitted over her face. A voice that sounds like his own says,
Tony, who had been talking up the film for some weeks prior to his scheduled turn to pick the movie, did not correct Steve and tell him that they were starting with “Alien.” He didn’t say that he’d been looking forward to seeing Steve experience the film for the first time. He didn’t say that he was hesitant about showing Steve the sequel, since it opened with Sigourney Weaver’s character awakening from cryogenic freezing after several decades to find that everyone she knew was dead and gone.
Tony's heart clenches. He can certainly draw conclusions from a question like that. "We were in DC," he says, watching Steve's face. "You were with Spider-Man and I was fighting Carol." He swallows; it's an unpleasant sensation in his dry throat. "That's not right, is it?"
sometimes?”
Yeah, Tony’s never getting anything done
Tony froze, wide-eyed, heart racing. He knew what he wanted this to mean. He couldn’t think of what else it possibly could. But it had to mean something else. Tony couldn’t be—it made sense, Tony having Steve’s mark and Steve not having his—but Steve folded the sleeve of his uniform back, and then his hand went to the cuff around his wrist, and there was Tony’s name, written into his skin.
“To gain power over mankind, for themselves and their masters. To reap souls. To swallow them into the maw of a hellmouth.”
The next time he slips into the water, he dislodges a buried log. Except it floats to the surface and it’s not a log, but a human body, bleached white as a dead elm. Tony recoils and falls. He catches himself before he lands ass-first in the mud. Forcing a deep breath of the dank, peaty air, he continues on.
Yes. We thought you moved the ladder so we’d be stuck up here.
“Surprise me,” Tony says, and kisses the corners of Steve’s mouth. “I’m just happy to be with you.”
Before his boot can meet his counterpart’s chest, Iron Man cuts between them, striking Steve’s outstretched leg. Steve twists with the momentum, letting himself be knocked into a flip. He lands on his feet and gets his shield up just in time to block a blast from the model 4 unibeam.
“Yes. Of course. You don’t think it’s too soon?”
Standing around Club Galaxy listening to the sounds Winter Warlock makes isn’t really how Steve would prefer to spend his evening. Especially after an afternoon of playing at the arcade with Tony; it seems a pity to cut that short for a show Steve won’t even enjoy. He never entertains the thought of missing a show, though. He supports his friends, and they can only get better with practice, right? That’s what he tells himself, anyway.
He should’ve learned by now not to let opportunities pass him by. Tony had seemed unattainable. And then Tony had been an adversary. An impossibility.
“It’s a surprise,” Tony says. “You’re gonna love it.”
She’s tricked him into joining him for dinner, but to her disappointment, the meal passes in silence. Through the porthole beside their table, a star winks out of the sky before their eyes. Klithua points it out to Brickenn, expecting him to brush her off as usual. Instead, he tells her about his home planet: lush, resplendent, home to glittering insects as colorful as gemstones, gemstones that look like they contain nebulas and spiral galaxies, and trees broader than ten men and as tall as the heavens. His voice fills with longing, his body animates with emotion, and Klithua is more enchanted with him than ever.
Tony is slow to regain full consciousness. The first thing he says is, "I think I hate magic." He's smiling though.
Tony can still feel dread, after all.
It is a generally acknowledged truth that certain things—like honesty, bouquets, and shared morals—are a good foundation for romantic relationships, while others—like lying, bickering, or one person shooting through the stomach of the other in order to assassinate an Iranian nuclear engineer behind her—are not.
So it’s Tony touching him. It’s Tony mouthing wet kisses down his spine, raking fingernails across his ribs, choking him with a necktie, striking him with a riding crop.
If Iron Man is downed in this way, all Team Iron Man Escalation Tiles are destroyed, not dealing damage or generating AP.
“What?” Steve surveyed the faces of his teammates, as if expecting one of them to know what Tony was referring to.
he was an orangutan
Steve’s pretty sure Loki isn’t really going to call in some horrible favor from him. Loki and Tony get along, better than Loki gets along with most people; this could very well be her way of trying to help a friend. At any rate, Steve doesn’t have time to worry about it now. If he needs to, he’ll figure out a way to handle Loki.
Steve sits at cafes and at parklets and on the damp sand of Ocean Beach. He tells himself he likes looking unremarkable. He walks to the Sutro Baths, decides he doesn’t want to embarrass himself by falling over in the ruins, and finds a nice rock to sit on instead. He drinks hand-brewed kombucha, matcha ginger lattes with oat milk, and coconut water. He pays for everything with cash, including his motel room.
Steve has no idea.
like I’m surprised they could move and shoot energy beams at all
“Tony, I’m sorry, it’s you,
He doesn’t want to talk. He should do it anyway, but he can’t explain any of it to Sam, not when Sam still sees Tony as an enemy.
can confirm. was the biography section. I perused a biography of Helen Hunt and one of Sean Penn
anyway what was your study group working on, anyway?
It turns out that this time, knowing he’s about to be surrounded by AIM scientists isn’t enough to get by scot-free.
Tony swallows. “I…” he trails off. “Just because—wanting me doesn’t mean you have to like me. We don’t—you don’t have to do this. You don’t owe me anything. We promised to talk, to try to compromise, and that’s—as long as we can make the fighting stop…” There’s a frantic expression in Tony’s eyes. He’s tense and nearly shaking, like he still expects Steve to sucker punch him and leave him bleeding. Like he won’t do anything to protect himself if Steve does just that.
“What do you mean, it hasn’t?”
“Hardly. That’s just my ego talking—”
– A small drinking establishment
Tony's assent must have shown on his face, because Steve had barely finished speaking before he was tugging off the glove of his right hand. Tony froze, heart racing. For that action to follow that statement—but Steve couldn't be showing him what Tony hoped. Except Steve was folding the sleeve of his uniform back, and there was his wrist cuff beneath it, and—
Tony bursts out in laughter. “Oh, he can definitely pull that off.”
Stark breaks their gaze, turning and scooping up a tumbler of booze. He tosses it back and smacks his lips.
Tony, fully armored, sits on an intact chair at a mostly-intact table. Steve hopes it’s Tony, anyway; no doubt Extremis allows Tony to operate any number of unmanned armors and to speak different words from each one without ever opening his mouth.
He’ll let Steve think he has the upper hand for now. That Tony’s weak and human and ready to be led. There’s certainly no need to mention Extremis. Steve’s shown his hand: he wants Tony on his side. Tony can play at that, for now.
what did you see?
Incomprehensibly, someone says, “The Chilean Custard.”
is faked.”
“That’s the one,” Steve says, voice calmly authoritative. “Before Hammer and Stone have time to recover from today.”
It wasn’t the first time Steve had assumed an innuendo when something really was just about… cheese.
, I just…” He trails off, making a kind of shrug with his hands. “What I was trying to say is—and never, ever tell Jan or Rhodey or Pep this, okay—I can’t think of the last time someone gave me a present they really
Deals 1120 damage or 1350 if the target has dealt the most damage on the enemy team.
A Stark Industries lawyer brings Steve a letter from Tony. For a brief period, time moves again as Steve reads it, curled over himself on the bench in his cell, then reads it again, again, again. Time might be moving too fast now—Steve’s thoughts are, too fast for him to pin down.
“Tony,” Steve says, imbuing the word with power, like Tony is the very principle he fights for, and god, what would that look like, if it were real?
you’ve described it like eighty times
“Alright. We’ll make it happen,” Parker promises.
Steve should really be used people doing that by now.
Steve’s been listening, and watching, and he still isn’t able to help the next time it happens. It’s been a couple of weeks since the incident at Club A, and he’s been hoping that whatever was wrong won’t recur.
“So you’re going to go?” Steve asks hopefully.
“So were you. I almost killed you.”
“You gave your body to me,” Tony replies, like Steve doesn’t already know that.
“And Dr. Strange is in another dimension until Thursday.”
Tony rolls his eyes. “C’mon, I ate—”
floating, a flex of a toe toppling him slowly upward.
And so on.
“You put one of the empty bags inside the other, then fill it with what's in the other bag.”
“Oh.” Steve scratches the back of his head and shuffles his feet. “I’d love to. But I already have plans with Tony, actually. I’ll be there for your set tonight for sure!” he adds hastily. “Wouldn’t miss it.”
He could be alerting SHIELD right now. He could have his team already surrounding the mansion. He could be using that computer he’s replaced his brain with to revoke all of Steve’s overrides.
Sam brings him a potted philodendron. “Nice view,” he says, setting the plant on a stack of boxes.
diverting, if unsatisfactory. I would like to have stayed and seen our enemy defeated
“To go to the arcade,” Steve says desperately. “You know. Hang out? Be friends?”
lies.
Steve laughs, loud and derisive. “I really don’t.”
This time he can’t stop the shame when it blooms, hot and red in his veins.
“Mind if we take a detour to the bookstore on the way back?”
it turns out this library is super shady though and the dark parts could decide their treaty is over at any moment though and eat us so ttyl ::heart emoji::
“Don’t be sorry. Just, don’t leave me again.” Steve’s still holding Tony’s hand. He squeezes it, needing the skin-to-skin contact, the reassurance of Tony’s warmth.
Steve doesn’t leave the room for more than a few minutes at a time, to get food or to conduct fast, furtive conversations at the door, his body blocking Tony from seeing who he’s speaking to. Tony can’t remember the last time they spent this much time together, just the two of them, for anything other than Avengers business. Maybe they never did. Maybe that’s another memory he’s lost forever.
Tony screams. Steve lowers himself down so their chests are flush, humming in satisfaction. He covers Tony’s forearms with his own, pinning him completely, and wraps two fingers around Tony’s wrist, covering Tony’s soulmark. “He had your mark, too,” Steve says, mildly, like he’s not fucking Tony raw.
Steve looks away from Tony, his face flushing. “He fell down or something at Club A last night, Nat, and then he left. I think he was really hurt,” Steve explains. At the other end of the library, Tony squirms in his seat—looking, truth be told, perfectly fine, if too antsy to be reading quietly in a library—repositioning himself and his book for the umpteenth time.
“Generally acknowledged” is a phrase which here means “believed to be true by people who have never been, and never will be, Avengers.”
Steve comes twice more before he takes his hand off Tony’s mouth and collapses over him, resting his weight on his own arms so he doesn’t crush Tony under him. He uses Tony’s head as a pillow for his own. Tony shifts as much as he can, finally getting his feet under him. Steve never so much as rested a hand on Tony’s cock. Tony’s not even sure he got hard.
Like knives, expectations can be used to wound quite effectively even when used by someone who has never even seen a knife before. A novice with knives can still drive one into the bowels of an unwitting opponent, spilling their intestines and bringing on a slow and painful death. An emotionally stunted person who claims to have no expectations of anyone but himself can still be brutally hurt and disappointed when he learns a friend has neglected to pass on information of particular personal importance to him.
Eventually: a long multi-chapter sequel about them dating, sucking at dating, having kinky sex, and maybe figuring out how this whole relationship thing works.
“You look like Buzz Lightyear and Woody,” she explained, gesturing at Tony and Steve, her tone suggesting it was obvious.
I didn’t get any pretzels
“Great. Great, thank you. Any other news? About AIM?” he adds quickly.
Steve crosses his arms. “They said people needed to learn about Sam from me, because I’m a ‘trusted figure.’ And how many of these questions are about Sam?” He shakes his head. “Four, maybe five. And three of them are really about me, anyway.”
cuz you know I’m right
When Steve remains still, giving no reply but his gaze locked on Tony’s, Tony chuckles. He takes hold of Steve’s face and rocks it up and down in a nod. “There you go.”
“You won’t have to.”
Fortunately, Sam lets it go. “I figured, since if he were down you’d probably still be screwing like bunnies, and if he were a dick about it I think you’d either be on the other side of the planet, planning a permanent move to another decade, or starting a fistfight with a kaiju to blow off steam. Am I wrong?”
and it hasn’t stopped
“Steve. I wanted—I was trying to protect you. Your ideals. And I know I didn’t do it right. I know why you hate me—”
At least here no one counts on him for anything. He’s not expected to lead or inspire anyone. He’s not even responsible for arranging his own meals. There are no consequences for losing track of time.
This strikes Steve as wrong—if poignant—for two reasons. One: Tony has put more of his money into charity in the last year than every other billionaire in the United States combined. Two: Steve’s ma taught him that gifts are about the thought behind them. If someone gives you a present you don’t like, you accept it graciously and thank them earnestly, knowing that what they’ve really offered is evidence that you’re in their thoughts. The object itself can always be discreetly disposed of later. So it shouldn’t matter that Tony can buy whatever he wants, because maybe someone will think of something that never occurred to him. Or, if they can’t think of anything, they could even make a donation to one of his favorite charities or just make him a simple card, but it seems insufficient, boorish even, to bring nothing at all.
Still not looking up, Tony picks at the label on his beer bottle. “Okay.” He sighs, and when he finally raises his eyes to Steve’s face, they’re huge and tawny and liquid, with halos of amber around the irises.
we fought a lovecraftian horror ::tentacle emoji::
“Of course you’re on a first-name—
“C’mon. How’d you know him? You work together?”
Countdown Tile deals 420 damage when it reaches 1 and 780 damage when it reaches 0.
how Amora treats Tony, and how he acts around her— “but it wasn’t enough. Pepper was taking him back to the tower and I overheard them talking.”
“Not so far as I can see. Whole town reckons I’m a murderer.” Stark leans forward, stage-whispering into Steve’s ear, “Even Neppie won’t be seen with me.”
Rhodey says, “Absolutely not. I’ve already got a job Tony wanted me to do, and that’s running the Initiative. I’ve done the Iron Man thing, and I’m sticking with War Machine.”
Steve takes Tony in his arms. Tony shudders, like the weight of Steve’s arms is the pulse of a sob. “I know,” Steve says. “I know, Tony. Why can’t you believe the same of me?”
Steve had thought saying it would be impossible. He wishes he could’ve remembered all the impossibilities Tony achieved every day, and said it anyway.
hey have a nice dinner with your dad you two
Okay. Keep in touch!
The world tilts. For a moment, Tony is weightless, like he’s standing in an accelerating elevator, and the snow is rising from his feet toward the sky.
“Is that silver?” Natasha says.
“He’s fine,” Natasha chides.
His name is the Doctor and he knew a lot about travelling through time and different universes.
well so
“Hey. That pain you were telling me about the other day—if you get it while we’re hanging out, what should I do?”
and sunbeams
“You’ve taken what’s mine!” Wormseed declares. He begins chanting infernal words of his own. Barely a few syllables in, he’s cut off by a monstrous clack, like a dog’s jaws snapping shut after a yawn.
“So what do we do?”
In this case, he’s trying to exonerate himself of involvement in Honton's murder. Not because anyone in town seems to care or even remember, but because that kind of civism was important to Steve—and perhaps a bit because Tony can’t abide an unanswered question. Steve would’ve done it proper, being the law and all, but Red Wolf's got enough on his plate, especially with Mister Osborn going missing. Tony can find out who’s responsible on his own.
“Yeah, you always mean it, Cap. When you say it,” Tony says, and Steve knows the hurt is showing on his face, knows he’s giving everything away, but Tony doesn’t notice. Of course he doesn’t. He’s avoiding Steve’s eyes.
“It’s a unique opportunity to observe the effects of long-term magical spells.”
Steve takes his shield out and starts using it to change directions or momentum mid-trajectory. Tony retaliates by shooting his repulsors off the shield and the walls to the same purpose. “Computer: drop gravity levels to half of Earth’s,” Steve says, grinning as Tony’s flight lags just enough for Steve to tap him on one shoulder. “Got you!”
all he said was “ook ook”
Steve had checked, later, and a lot of the videos were among the top hits for ‘Tony Stark’ on a search engine. Several were from horrible tabloids. More than one was from sites dedicated to hating Tony.
Dragonflies and damselflies join the mosquitos, their lacy fairy-wings beating the air in tandem, bodies a plump, poisonous-looking red. He pulls his boot out of the mud with a squelch and sees that a dragonfly the size of his fist has landed on his shoulder.
Tony leans against the inside of Steve’s door frame, hip jutting distractingly to one side. “I would’ve told you if I was flaking,” he says, watching Steve hunt through his piles of dirty laundry and stacks of paper.
right okay
it was really helpful. they were shooting at each other as much as they were at us
its teeth were HAIRY, Tony
“Shit.” Tony scrambles to his feet, too, but when he tries to approach Steve steps back, shaking his head. “What’s wrong? What do you need?”
affirmative
In the morning, Tony pulls the gag down and tips a glass of water into Steve’s mouth. It’s hard to drink without controlling the cup himself, and half of the contents sloshes down his face. The smile Tony gives him makes him shiver.
Jen acts as his lawyer. He’s not sure who arranged that, but it’s good optics: She-Hulk, superhero and staunch supporter of Registration, representing Captain America, traitor.
“You won’t.” He can’t. Steve believes the SHRA is wrong, Tony knows he does. He’ll never stop fighting what he thinks is unjust. That’s just Steve.
“Gimme a moment, Mister Urich,” Steve says. He doesn’t want to leave Stark to himself in this state.
It’s fine, Tony. We’re just getting started anyway. Meet us in the stacks by the globe room. ::upside-down smiley-face::
Tony doesn’t so much as flinch. His eyes—and god, he looks tired—lock on Steve’s face, steady as the rest of him. The armor remains motionless on the ground.
Still. Maybe Tony will come with him. If anyone can find a way to dance to that mess, it’s Tony.
why sending us wherever we want doesn’t alter the timeline!”
“In Asgard?”
Tony rolled his eyes. “What is this, a Beatles song? No, please don’t.”
After a moment’s consideration, Tony says, “A day and a half, at least. If we’re lucky, Victor, Wormseed, and his compatriots will have long since taken care of each other.”
on the floor with the eldritch librarian, the windows looked out on a town in the desert
“Because,” Steve starts again, “I want that. I’m better when we work together, too.”
“Don’t we all,” Tony agrees.
. Maybe Steve can't bear to be more specific, either.
“If Ultron teleported into this room, or an army of Doombots marched up, hell, if Thanos or Galactus showed up, I know I could count on you.”
inappropriate—”
“Override,” Steve says. “Steve Rogers. 34-44-54-64. Armor order: assemble.”
Steve, thankfully, doesn't comment on the parallel Tony's inadvertently drawn.
How are you guys doing? What kind of library are you in now?
He feels his mattress shift under him as Tony sits down. “You’re being really stupid.”
“What do you want?” he says again.
Well, Steve thinks, at least Tony is coming to see him off.
“Why not?”
first of all
Is this Tippy-Toe?
Deals 2285 damage, plus 165 for each Team Iron Man Escalation tile, 190 per tile if target is Team Cap, or 235 per tile if target is Cap.
"I suppose you cannot. Do you have an alternative?"
He really stares at me?
- A drunk
Steve ends up staying after they eat, even when Tony disappears under the car again. Steve draws doodles on his phone and tells Tony light-hearted war stories that don’t feature the name of a single person, place, battle, or even weapon. Tony doesn’t press it; it means a lot to him that Steve is talking to him about this at all, and everyone has their own way of processing trauma. Tony still has those dreams about being lost in a place that’s at once a desert and a jungle, his clothes as heavy as a suit of armor, a pain in his chest that he only realized exists in the waking world because of the way it dissipates in Steve’s presence.
“It won’t be like it was there,” Tony says when they pull apart.
hope you’re well
He’d thought SHIELD was presenting the information. He’d thought he could trust SHIELD.
“You’re right.”
“They can get up to whatever they want
Just buy something expensive from her Etsy shop and you’ll be fine
Steve stands behind a podium, Maria at one shoulder, the Mighty Avengers at his back.
“He’s fading,” one of them says, sounding disappointed.
a way less scary one!
The first night after Steve was arrested, he raged. It was easy to scream at Tony’s impassive faceplate. Tony sold his principles. Tony made this war. Tony would do anything to grab power.
James’, however, had been seriously waylaid in Kazakhstan. “Seriously waylaid” is a phrase which here means that he was suffering from three gunshot wounds, one in his thigh and two in his shoulder, had been shoplifting from markets to feed himself, had made over a week of his journey on foot, and had lost contact with his handlers two weeks prior.
This has been a disaster. No one will possibly want Steve in charge after this.
and other cap started just
Tony stays quiet while they beat him. He holds back grunts of pain as steel-toed boots slam into his ribs. When he tries to curl into a ball to protect himself, they pry him open, one person holding down each of his limbs while the others get their hits in, bashing their boots into his gut.
“How’s Tony?”
“You should get a bird feeder,” Sam says. “This would be a great place for it.”
“Yeah,” Tony says, not quite a question and barely a word to which meaning can be ascribed, just a sound he makes because speaking gives him the illusion he has control of this conversation.
“Alright, Stark,” he says to himself, “here it goes.” Addressing the book, he continues, “Now, I’ll let on I don’t quite know what it is you want. But I reckon we can come to an accord.”
Reed would know, Steve supposes. Steve used to think he knew what Tony wanted. The war taught him that he never did.
you lie like a rug, Barton
The gatekeeper laughs, and though it is a laugh that slithers up Tony’s spine in a prickle, it is a joyful one. He tosses his head like a dog shaking water from its coat. “Shoulda known,” he says. He skitters to one side on thin, branching limbs and heaves the gate open. “Off you go then, Mister Stark.”
Around 3 in the morning, at Jan’s insistence, Tony starts opening presents. The mood of the assembled party has drifted from jubilant and vigorous to pleased and laid-back. Vision’s finished DJing for the night, so it’s just soft classic rock playing in the background. The trip to the front room, where the gifts are piled, is chatty but subdued.
“Tony!” Steve sounds both outraged and amused, like he’s not sure which reaction is more appropriate.
Then Steve
Tony takes Steve’s nipple between his teeth and bites. He grabs Steve’s wrist and sets his hand down so it’s cupping Tony’s cock. Obediently, Steve starts to stroke Tony’s length with the pads of his fingers; he knows what Tony likes, now.
“If reality changed, do you think we could tell?”
More mud greets them on the other side, though this at least is solid enough to stand on. “Yarrow,” Steve says.
On the third day he takes Tony’s mouth again.
’s been printin’ this classified for a missing book for more’n a fortnight. Who’s payin’ for it?”
“Simple. You took down not just Hammer but also Ty—altogether hilarious, by the way, excellent work—you got Steve to out himself on national TV, and the press on all of this has been almost uncannily
It’s not until the climax of the novel—after Brickenn has learned of Klithua’s mission to assassinate him, after the battle between the Craven Insurrection and the Death Separatists has interrupted the scientific conference on the Ice Hive of Petbe—that Klithua and the reader learn that Brickenn’s home planet is Earth. Klithua has never heard of it, and asks again why Brickenn is in this war-torn corner of the galaxy instead of the world he yearns for. He tells her again that he’ll return someday.
“I trusted you enough to come here!” Steve’s yelling despite his efforts. He spits his words out like lemon seeds. “I trust that if I ask you why you’re so sure registration is right, you’ll tell me the truth.”
“And I’m supposed to believe you’re in the habit of just giving people what they want?”
He’s worried about his company, Steve thinks. He has so many responsibilities back home. Too many, really. He could stay here and have everything he wants, but he’s thinking about his employees. About the Avengers. “You thinking about visiting King Arthur’s court, Shellhead?” he teases, hoping to bring back a sliver of that smile.
Converts chosen tile into a 3-turn Countdown tile. Countdown Tile deals 420 damage when it reaches 2, 780 when it reaches 1, and 940 when it reaches 0.
“Do you see an adult with that little girl?”
Today it’s nearing evening when Steve’s done. He stops by the dram shop and Stark is full as a tick. He sings through hiccups and guffaws as Steve walks him back to his forge. When they reach it, Stark lets himself in, still singing, giving no sign he even knows Steve is there.
The fella in the white suit is still in town a fortnight later. He has two other strangers with. One's got bone-white hair and a bottle-green suit with alligator hide boots. The other should look the most usual, in his black suit and bowler hat, but he catches the light wrong. He sits not quite right in the world, like turpentine trying to mix with water. The three of them take up a whole poker table on their own. They each have more cards in their hands than Steve’s ever seen allowed in a game of poker. He wonders what game they're playing.
right so
Urich's spectacles have a smudge of printing ink on one lens, obscuring his leery expression. “And what’s that?”
When he gets breath to speak, Tony says, “It. The book. My heart.”
Doom speaks in a droning language that feels like footsteps over Steve’s grave, the sound carried by the wind alongside ash and sand.
and no, this one is less beautiful and awe-inspiring and more cluttered and mysterious
we figured that the five of us must’ve all walked into a node and then gotten lost in different parts
you should’ve seen how he SMILED at me
“What?”
“So say I show up, I’m—ostensibly—in charge of SHIELD… what’s supposed to stop me from disbanding the Cape-Killers—”
“You don’t have to say I know what happened or that you told me anything, just that I came by to—to hang out, or” —he’s realizing as he says it that
Steve’s feet move him across the club without permission from his brain. He’s still clutching the pool cue. He sees Tony ahead of him, his shoulders heaving. Amid the buzz of voices, Steve thinks he can make out Tony’s shuddering breaths.
“Because if you’re trying those codes now, it means you’ve given up on getting through to me.”
When Sam and Rhodes started to head out, Tony began immediately to complain.
Steve tells him to start somewhere else.
with my gauntlet and my arc reactor and my color scheme
The moment it’s out of his grasp, Tony slumps and falls. Steve catches him in his arms before he can hit the ground, dropping the book as he does. The book can go to hell for all he cares.
Steve comes in a rush. He blinks at the mess dripping down his chest. The dildo is still in his mouth.
They don’t. She leaves after she finishes her bottle.
“You have mine,” Steve said, but there was no question in it. It sounded like,
lemme get back to you on that
“They haven’t said,” Urich replies with a shrug. “So long as they keep sending money, I can’t say it troubles me overmuch.”
“Fuck you,” Steve growls, getting an arm between them and pushing.
By now, Tony knows that Steve’s hiding something. Supposedly, all he’s hiding is everything that happened that Tony can’t remember. Steve’s hints suggest that he’s justified in not wanting to, and that he knows he can’t hold off on telling Tony forever.
“You got it,” Friday chirps.
“Anyway.” Tony flicks his tongue up to lick away some of the powdered sugar on his face, then takes another cookie and is soon covered in sugar all over again. “Jan always makes people one-of-a-kind Janet Van Dyne fashion pieces, and Rhodey bakes people things, and Pepper’s always giving people practical stuff. I know they love me and they’re thinking about me, and I shouldn’t be disappointed by that, and I’m
Steve’s eyes widen in surprise. Tony’s staring at his own feet and doesn’t notice. “In my chest.” He taps the arc reactor, the metal of the gauntlet clacking against the casing. “There’s not actually anything
he did
“Who can?”
“Wow,” Steve says, stepping up to one of the framed prints hanging on the wall. “Is this O’Keefe?”
Most of the artists Steve shows him are from the first three or four decades of the 20th century. Tony tries to think of something thoughtful and encouraging to say in response to Steve’s enthusiastic digression into mid-century modernist realist painting, but instead he thinks how happy Steve looks, gesturing with a french fry, a vivid, eager look in his eyes incongruous with the image he’s brandishing—a lonely painting of a man by himself in a corner office. Tony thinks about MOS transistors, OLED screens, about the darkening violet sky and the corners of the horizon that look almost green, about the bright pink neon diner sign casting magenta highlights across the pavement, about how Tony can never deserve someone like Steve, Tony’s a liar and a killer and Steve’s—Steve’s—
PASSIVE: If one of Captain America’s teammates is below 10% health or two are below 25%, this power becomes
So who screamed?
rubbing off on you
Tony glares. Steve smiles back.
“Dragon breath,” Steve says, mimicking him.
"I can assist you," Doom says, almost gently.
“My associates?”
It feels like he’s lost two people, and each loss has disemboweled him. His closest friend and an implacable despot, attacking and imprisoning their friends, building a war around himself until it carried him into the power he craved. Tony was the most important person in Steve’s life, and the man who took that person away.
“Whatever for?”
“And now I do,” Steve agrees. “Is there anything else I should know?”
“I’ll find the right song for you yet, Sheriff,” Stark promises.
Jan sighs. “He’s sensitive,” she says. “He doesn’t like people seeing him like this.”
fyi steve didn’t eat all the pretzels
Still, it’s strange to think of the suit and the serum that way—as just tech, the same, just ways they make themselves closer to their own ideals. “You’d really build me an armor like that?”
She gets to her feet after the train lurches away from UN Plaza, removing her phone from her handbag and then zipping it up again. She unlocks it, taps the screen a few times, then unzips the purse, replaces the phone, and zips it up again. As Steve watches, the mauve circles under her eyes fade away into smooth, tawny skin. A scar on her forehead— Steve didn’t even realize he’d noticed it—disappears. Her breasts and ass swell, filling out her clothes. There’s definition to her arms, now, and she looks not so much scrawny as slender and elegant.
“Oh, yeah,” Tony says absently, pouring fusilli into the saucepan.
They talk about the Young Avengers, Gwen Stacy, White Tiger. Times when maintaining secret identities would’ve saved lives. Tony promises no one’s name will go public unless they want it to. Didn’t the Army keep Steve’s identity safe, even after he was presumed dead?
and I guess I don’t exist in this universe huh
RIGHT so he was very interested in the robot thingies you met
“Don’t make me regret it!” Jan calls over her shoulder as she heads back inside. The doors slide shut with a woosh.
Thanks for bringing all those squirrels to the Archives! We couldn’t have gotten out without you.
“Yes,” Tony says, “we are.” It sounds like
hey does this mean I can tell him what you said after we got pretzels
aw, library, no
“Afraid so,” Tony replies.
“Then make it that simple.”
“You want help with chemistry?” Tony asks.
one bipedal and humanoid the other resembling an enlarged salt or pepper shaker
His mind is difficult to distract. Without missing a single word Tony’s speaks, it’s still too easy to seethe and brood, plan a dozen different discreet routes away from the mansion, listen for footsteps, tires, or voices—to imagine his own voice launching out of him and shattering over Tony’s body and incinerating every selfish lie and secret and betrayal. Each consideration occupies a track of his thoughts, alongside the runaway train of
During his first press tour, he’d been deeply grateful he’d watched it.
"Yer wastin’ yer time,” Tony tells him as he slides a coin into Tony’s fortune-telling machine. “It’s busted."
it when attractive people are having athletic, consensual sex with each other!” Parker pouts.
He’s already immersing himself in this century. He’s already moving on without Steve.
Or is such a question anathema to Steve? Are his wishes only for what is possible, what is just?
Tony stands up the moment the meeting closes. He’s turning away from the table, composing press releases in his head, when Steve appears in front of him. Tony has one foot on the ground, the other still in the air—he flails, fails to catch his balance, feels fingers grasping his wrist. The hand on him tugs him into a corner of the quickly emptying room.
“You’re not stupid,” Tony grumbles. “You’re just acting stupid. And I get why you don’t want anyone to see you, okay?”
“I’m saying exactly what I mean to say,” Steve said, an edge of panic rising in his voice.
He’s the one who told us about the shadows, too. They’re called the Vashta Nerada and they can eat the flesh off of a human body in less than a second.
– Drunk
: tony I think we’re in the same library!!!!
if you’re free later do you think you could help out?
Steve combines a slice of the delicate pink fruit with a more tame-looking golden-brown spread and what might be a thin slice of meat—or possibly a flower petal of some kind. “It’s good,” he reports. He frowns at a plate of wide, translucent green spirals. “Is that a vegetable?”
Natasha thought of claiming that she’d known since the second day and was waiting for Steve and Tony to catch on themselves, but decided she couldn’t pull off a lie like that.
Steve’s showered and shaved and changed into sweatpants and a t-shirt the computer provided via NMAT. He’s lying on a wide bed in what feels like a big, curved hotel room, swiping through a holographic screen in hopes of finding something compelling enough to distract him from his thoughts. Just when he’s about to give it up as a lost cause and simply lie in bed and brood, there’s a knock on his door.
It doesn’t sound attainable, even in his own head.
“That’s not even the best part, Pep,” Tony is saying, and then he completely loses track of what he’s saying, because identifying the particular cluster of nanites he’d used to make Steve’s toy and unlinking them from the rest of the network is proving more difficult than he thought, and a feeling of pressure on his cock is telling him that Steve is using that toy. Right now. With a strong grip and a punishing pace.
“What’s this?” Steve asks.
I think that’s on you buttercup. and reread what you just sent
Correct. Though physical collections of knowledge require a lower threshold or volume of knowledge before developing an L-field, Librarians of Time have recorded L-fields generated by digital repositories as small as 7.6529 zettabytes. I take it you are hoping to use my own L-field in order to reach those which Mr. Stark and the rest of your study group are currently traversing?
Hoping to avoid the ferryman, Tony takes a tentative step into the water, as much on a spot of grassy earth as he can manage. As he hoped, it gives a little but holds firm. He brings his second foot down beside the first, regains his balance, and reaches for the closest solid patch in front of him.
After some ways, the path straightens, and soon Tony sees a figure standing further ahead. As he approaches, he finds that they're standing in front of a barred gate. Where the iron rods are lodged in, the walls are swollen and red, like infected flesh trying to grow around a bullet.
“We did. Kind of.”
The stacks by the Map Room that’s mostly globes. See you soon! ::smiley face::
“I want you to be mine.”
Determined to, at least once, find him before he’s corned, Steve lets himself into Stark’s forge before noon. He seems a bit down with barrel fever, but he’s upright and working when Steve comes inside.
"Are we—" Tony doesn't know how to finish that thought. Or he's too much of a coward to try. "What did I do?"
that isn’t a word
Tony shrugs. “Okay. I’m here. Go for it. Convince me.”
“‘I need your help, Steve,’” Tony says from the page, through Steve’s voice. “‘You’re the only one I trust to make certain everything I was working for doesn’t fall apart without me and to ensure that the threats I wasn’t around to predict don’t end up blindsiding us in my absence.’”
“Not at all.”
Tony trudges onward, propelled by the reaching, rigid hands of the dead. He passes another man in Union blues, a man with a noose still around his neck, a woman with amber brown eyes and handprints on her throat, and a man in a Confederate uniform. He wonders how many of the soldiers he’s pushing through like brambles are riddled with rounds from Stark Repeating Rifles.
I’m standing right here steve
The notes had called it a warm-up question. “That’s not the point.”
“Honton was tryin’ to blackmail you.”
Tony sits at the very edge of the couch, elbows on his knees, one leg bouncing up and down, looking decidedly at the floor. Steve pokes at a screen for a bit, but can’t even pretend it’s holding his interest and ends up pacing.
chittt
He looks away from the mirror before he punches it. He lets anger push out any other emotion.
They hoist him onto his feet, pinning his arms behind his back, and half-carry to Steve. They shove him down so he lands, hard, on his knees, and tug his head back so he’s looking up at Steve.
Steve finds bars that only accept customers who have Extremis activated. The doormen are quick to let Steve inside. One asks him what upgrade package he has.
“Oh, I dunno.” After a pause so long Tony thinks Steve’s fallen asleep, he says, “I didn’t like how she looked at you.”
“You here for fun? Going to see the park and the bridge and all that?”
“Well,” she says, undeterred, “I’m sure together, the two of us could get into one of his really good parties. He’s even sexier in person, I swear. He moves like some kind of jungle cat. Those really jacked ones, you know?”
The noxious grin vanishes. “You may hand over the book, or you will die.”
“So you do know the word,” Tony says after a moment. He says it lightly, like Steve’s apologizing for using his favorite mug without asking.
Steve learns to tell without a second glance who’s using Extremis. Not all of them are beautiful, or even confident. They still dress in old hoodies that smell like weed and sweat and tobacco, they still wear Birkenstocks and yoga pants and carry scarves and jackets even in summer, they still wear high-heeled boots and department store skirt-suits, still wear essential oils and off-the-rack suits and thrift store neckties, still shuffle across the city on the ragged hems of their too-long blue jeans. But they’re young—they look young, all of them—and they move with the desperation of the young.
“Are you okay?”
Several days pass like this, Steve caring for Tony like a pet, leaving him drugged and naked, and then using his body for his own gratification. He lets Tony heal, but his concern doesn’t stop him from fucking Tony’s thighs or rubbing himself off against Tony’s ass.
Steve’s question is cut off by Tony convulsing, clutching a hand to his heart with a cry.
anytime tones
“I care entirely about the spell being broken right now,” Steve said. “I wasn’t just making up an excuse to kiss you.”
He could be.
He's a fool. He was duped so easily. Of course it wasn’t Steve who pulled Tony aside and showed Tony his soulmark. Hydra must’ve faked that somehow. It’s not supposed to be possible, but they did this to Steve and brought back Tony from injuries that should’ve left him dead; they have the resources to fake a soulmark, surely.
“On occasion,” Tony says, just as Steve says, “Never.”
It’s Tony. It’s Tony, unconscious, vital signs stable, sprawled across the most comfortable chair Steve could find without letting Tony out of his sight.
Steve’s shield rends the unibeam housing, sinks through the metal plate, and breaks the Skrull’s sternum with a fleshy crunch.
Steve kisses Tony’s forehead. He kisses the edges of his eyelids, the tear track down his face, the corners of his lips. “Let’s get out of here.”
do you think that means there are more sad winter soldier songwriting in our future?
Is it even Tony that he’s mourning? Steve didn't know him like he thought he did. Like he wishes he did.
James looked her in the eye and lied, “Everything.”
“Oh, well that’s okay then!” Tony throws up his hands. He’s facing Steve now, backlit by the sun. Steve takes it as a small victory that Tony’s eyes are visible again through his glasses. “If I’m caught—because obviously, I didn’t take any precautions, right, that’s me, just barreling in and showing off—I might get sent to the principal’s office, so, too bad, I guess I should’ve just left you in a burning warehouse to die.”
that’s not gonna happen any time soon
fucking finally
“Is that surprise I hear?”
“Some of the folks you talked to must've seen sumthin’.”
“Not like this.”
give me deets
But he wouldn’t, not here. This place is important to him. Was important to him.
Tony frowns. There’s a tufted dandelion seed in one eyebrow, like he just he’s just blown them off a seedhead to make a wish. “Then what’s up?”
“Claudius.”
are you okay?
“You got a better idea?”
“I wanted to talk to you.”
“Which one?” Jan asks, smiling.
Steve could keep him here all night, all the next day, while SHIELD runs around looking for their poster boy. That would be a nice change.
Steve pictures himself standing in Tony’s workshop and asking him to make a personalized dildo out of the same material as his prosthetic arm. “You could call it that.”
Deals 1190 damage, plus 78 for each Team Iron Man Escalation tile, 105 per tile if target is Team Cap, or 115 per tile if target is Cap.
“You called me Steve,” Steve says. “In Pleasant Hill.”
“Of course.”
“That’s a very long time, Steve. You had countless opportunities to tell me. I’m very easy to talk to.”
him anything he wants. There’s a difference. He refuses to say so out loud. He feels his cheeks flush: his anger and shame have to be clear on his face, and he can feel it spreading, pink and hot, down his neck and chest. He tries to use his legs to give him leverage and ends up futilely twisting his body, Tony’s weight and grip holding him in place. Steve knows the strength Tony allows him in his presence, and he knows the strength Tony affords himself; he knows it’s pointless. But his rational mind can’t overpower the drive to get away. Tony
Deals 945 damage to the target, plus 65 for each Team Cap Escalation tile on the board.
Team Cap Escalation tiles stay on the board even after Captain America is downed.
so are you gonna ask him out finally???
Steve throws up his hands, practically growling. “Let’s pretend I’m not.”
"Do—does the team need me?" he asks instead, because even when his friends hate him, they'll do what's necessary to help people. Even if it means involving Tony.
Natasha considered all this. “Steve, tell Tony what color shirt you’re wearing.”
“Where’s this coming from?”
Maybe Tony will let him stay here forever.
remind me what you said, will you?
“How is this even supposed to work?”
a bunch of people touching it could do it too
Tony pulls away. Steve’s hand falls from his wrist. “Right. I won’t keep you, then.”
Steve wants to wash Tony’s mouth out with soap. “You don’t get to say that to me now!”
If there’s some other version of himself who first saw Stark when he was stumbling out of a saloon singing like a burro with a bad cold, Steve doesn’t know whether to pity him or envy him.
“Didn’t strike me as sumthin’ you didn’t mean.”
“This is actually a great strategy though, good plan. Getting someone to do you a favor makes them more inclined to like you.”
Steve catches Tony’s eye, then, or maybe it would be more accurate to say he snags it, like a half-healed papercut against a bramble bush. Tony catches his right back and holds it, his gaze a knife against a whetstone as he searches Steve’s face. Steve takes a breath to speak, but before he can, Tony says, “Let’s check out the rooms they’ve got us in. I wanna get out of this armor and see what showering is like in outer space.”
"I'm on your side for good," Tony says. "No matter what. Please. I don't know why I did—whatever I did, why I thought it could go any other way, but I won't—I
The setup of the band is: Winter Soldier on guitar and lead vocals; Adam Warlock on bass; and Bucky on accordion. The latter’s cheerful tunes and rollicking marches don’t exactly gel with Winter’s emotional lyrics and feedback-filled guitar solos. It doesn’t help that Adam clearly resents not being front man, and tries to find ways to upstage Winter. If they had a good percussionist, their sets would be more tolerable, but Gwen refuses to perform with them on the grounds that they aren’t sufficiently punk rock.
And he seemed really, really in love with the other me!
“Out at the dam,” Urich elaborates.
Woa. And you’re sure it was still Stark under there?
“Want to try?”
However, by the above definition, the mission was not, in truth, a success. In point of fact, two team members had been injured and encountered unidentified magic: Iron Man had three bruised ribs, a black eye, a mild concussion, and a cut on his forehead that would require at least super-gluing shut if not a couple of stitches; Captain America had been shot through the shoulder by an overzealous civilian gun owner and been gored quite seriously by a disoriented unicorn; and both men had been hit by an unidentified blast of magic.
, Steve doesn’t say. Instead, he slowly draws himself up, musters a smile, and says, “Hi, Tony. It’s good to see you. Thanks for coming out here to help.”
Tony’s eyes flicker across Steve’s face. “This isn’t the kind of thing you can just decide you want to be better and then it is.”
“Do you think that’s something that can be proven?”
On the second day of their stay in medical, Steve asked, “Do you know how sorry I am?”
“Forgive me for needing clarity, but not so long ago you were trying to arrest me.”
they were eerie but not that bad
“Y’know what, Wilson—”
Pretty much.
“—and running everything like the Act never passed?”
“It is a terrible idea!”
There’s not really a follow-up after a comparison like that.
Tony knows just what’s going to happen.
“I’m not,” Tony insists. “I wouldn’t. C’mon. They make these special lenses now; they basically correct red-green colorblindness entirely. I could figure out how they work and make you something custom, maybe even contact lenses.” He’s talking quickly, both excitement and trepidation in his voice. “And Clint’s Deaf, he has this crazy inner ear thing actually, did you know he needs these special custom-built hearing aids? You wouldn’t say he shouldn’t fight.”
sorry, I haven’t
that’s assuming wherever we are isn’t infested with monsters trying to kill or eat us
chukk chiiiik
His enjoyment is interrupted by the sound of boots and shots heading toward them. “Four more!” he shouts.
“Right," Tony says.
or I could end up in a totally different L-field and still be in the wrong time
how was I supposed to know???
have you been ditching flight practice to watch children’s cartoons with captain america?
The people in Rockwell paintings are expressive. Their facial expressions are big, their gestures bigger. The world he paints is bright, with only the palest of shadows. They’re arranged on the page like they’re choreographed for the stage, and they move like the audience needs to see what they’re doing from the other end of the theater.
Steve’s hands are cuffed behind his back, trapped under him, so he has less leverage than he’d like, but he can get up, he can push Tony off him—
hey jarv
“Superhuman Restraint Units—” Jen corrects.
“It’s an iPhone, how did you—”
“I hate magic,” Tony grumbled. “I don’t see why this Dr. Strange guy can’t come fix us right now.”
In the morning he takes the light-rail on full loops of its route. Its resemblance to New York’s subways are superficial at best. The train lurches and shudders, but he stays standing, not needing to hold a railing to keep his footing. The sound of it hurtling along its track is louder than a Kree warship—and positively quiet compared to the banshee wail it makes each time it turns a corner. It renders Steve’s thoughts inaudible.
I dunno it was like I got to see myself how other people see me
chill Clint I’m fucking with you
“Don't see why they'd need a special book for that. Most of us are well on our way already.”
When night falls, Steve stands on the deck of the helicarrier, accompanied only by a brisk wind and agents standing silently at their stations. He looks up to a sky dimmed by smog and light pollution—only a fraction as many stars visible as when he stared out the window of his freezing tenement, reading by the light of a neon sign. It had only been a handful of short months later that Steve was transformed into Captain America.
Tony waits until Steve’s packed the last file away, where Tony can’t see them, before he comes to sit beside him and say, “What were you working on?”
Tony starts talking. It isn’t what Steve would call
, Steve could have said, during a quiet morning in the tower, after a team dinner at the mansion.
“Hey, Steve’s thighs ares a
A short little G-rated bonus (well, G-rated other than some swearing), in which Tony attempts to prepare for his date.
He can barely lift his arms. His body thrums, reminding him of every place Steve’s hurt him with each inhalation. He still can’t walk unassisted. Some hero he is. Tony became Iron Man because he wanted to be like Steve. But maybe Steve was never even real.
“Well, there y’go,” Stark declares, shutting the device back up again. “Shall we test it?” Without waiting for a reply he gets to his feet, bustling upstairs and then back down again with a sack of roasted beans.
Tony swallowed. “And by that you mean you’re
“Ooh, ‘denouement,’” Parker says with an exaggerated French accent. “I love it when you let people know you’re not actually a himbo.”
Some turns later, he rounds a bend to the sight of a three-headed dog. The pup’s mouths are hanging open, panting, showing off their teeth. In other circumstances, Tony would call them a handsome dog indeed; with a thick, salt-and-pepper coat like a coyote, a curled, bushy tail, bright brown eyes, and wide, wolfish faces, the critter wouldn’t look out of place at the Westminster Dog Show. Other than the extra heads, of course.
Steve closes his eyes and curses himself. “I thought you might want to come?”
“Too personal?” Friday asks.
Did Tony see Steve's mark once before? Steve had died a prisoner of SHIELD, and Tony had been director. Did he look? Would he violate Steve's privacy like that, knowing what he found would hurt him either way?
"I'm here."
“What, don’t like the truth all of a sudden?”
Daisy’s a good horse, though her face is more like a donkey's than a horse's. She’s a Kentucky Saddler, as are many of the horses in town. Steve’s own, Apple, is a Morgan, and pretty as a speckled pup. He rode one just like her in the war.
