Tony huffs a laugh. "Yes, dear. See you soon."
"Sorry," Tony apologizes. "I know things have been a mess. We'll take care of the super soldiers, and
"You started it, missy!"
A sleeping Steve Rogers is devastatingly beautiful. He's on his side facing Tony, and the light sheet has pooled down to his waist during the night, leaving his upper body on display.  That man is a marvel, and Tony is glad he has a rare opportunity to stare to his heart's content. Steve looks so young when sleeping too, without the furrow between his brow and his world-weary eyes. Definitely not almost forty years old. Then again, they've known for a while that Steve doesn't age as fast as normal people.
"How peculiar. On Asgard, cats do not enjoy getting wet," Thor says as he watches the show like the rest of them.
Tony stops with his spoonful of food halfway to his mouth to gape at her. "What?"
That's the limit for Steve, who shows teeth.
For now, he learns that he's on the planet Banturia, recuperating. It's huge and Tony wants to know everything that led him here. Steve relents quickly even when he reminds Tony he’s supposed to take it easy and says that they arrived by spaceship, as they're traveling with friends.
Mechanic-Tony lifts the flip-up lenses of his welding goggles to look at her.
"Fuck," Tony swears again as adrenaline floods his system. He needs to get away from whatever beast this is right now.
Steve misses having Tony around for many reasons, but his insights on recalibrating field situations onto a larger political chessboard is definitely one of them. He often has interesting points that they've all overlooked.
"Of course I'll wait for you, baby. I love you."
"Wow. You're always gorgeous, but like this?" Tony takes a few steps and touches Steve's shoulder, then drags his hand to Steve's chest, then his abdomen, finger tracing the edge of his muscles. It feels so good and Steve wants more, needs Tony to grab his cock, which he doesn't, not yet. "You're spectacular."
Tony throws his arms out wide, as if basking in the compliment. He's still on a high from acing the meeting, even without his memories.
"Let's get them home, then."
The high priestess throws him an annoyed look. She asks the follow-up questions to Tony again, deciding that he's the only interlocutor worthy of her attention.
"Fucking you it is, then," Steve says, voice pitched lower than usual by desire. His pupils are blown wide, and Tony revels in knowing that he's able to turn Steve on that much. Not bad for an old man.
"No, not yet baby," he says. "Don't touch yourself."
Steve shifts his weight as he gets in position to fight. "Avengers, assemble!"
Rhodey rejoins Carol and Tony as they hover over the scene, assessing the situation.
"Who's this?" Tony gets up to have a better look. Also, how did he get to this floor in the first place, and even more so without them being alerted by JARVIS?
It's almost instantaneous. One second Tony is in plain clothes with a leather jacket, the next the nanites have reorganized and he's in his signature red and gold armor, without the helmet. Kol gapes at the transformation, just like everyone around them does.
"I know," Steve says, voice rough with desire. He tilts his head to the side, offering himself with complete trust.
"Don't worry about it," Tony says.
"Goddammit, Steve, let go of me!" Tony yells.
Tony cranes his neck to look at the sky and he understands why anyone with a brain who isn’t  with them would bail. Carol is done destroying enemy aircraft and is suspended in the air, lit up on fire, arms extended. Everything in her body language is pure confidence with an underlying dare to any stragglers still around to challenge her next.
"Give me that," Natasha says, taking back her phone to continue filming the kitten.
"I'm sending too many pics, huh?" Tony says with a self-derisive chuckle. "Sorry about that. People showing their pets or kids at any occasion used to annoy me. Now I get it."
"Had to," Tony says. "You rudely interrupted the first time."
"You'll just get pulled in too, you idiot!" Tony argues. "Get help instead!"
"A good question," Tony agrees. "Maybe he's afraid of cats. I think the super soldier threat is credible, and Cap is right, it needs to be acted on immediately. I'll take the Quinjet and go with Rogers and Barnes to sort it out. I'll bring them back, I promise. The rest of you stay here and start clearing things up, JARVIS can help. Rhodey, you stall Ross so that everyone stays out of prison and with heads unseasoned with lead until we're back."
"I'm here, deal with it," Steve says, definitely not contrite. "I have the remote?"
"… how many people here know you?" Mechanic-Tony asks, taking a sip from his glass.
"Got it."
"You bet. I won't let 'em do anything to the babies," Steve says, rocking Callie in demonstration. Tony smiles and does a finger gun, then leaves on Rhodes' heels to get a bathing suit.
"Fair enough," Tony says. The baby is blowing bubbles now, as if to get Tony to pay attention to him again. Steve can relate: he likes when Tony looks at him, too. "I called you because I was kind of panicking, and my usual reflex is to ask myself 'what would Cap do?'. So."
"I'd counter with me still being in the ice and my mind coming up with weird scenarios. But let's face it, I couldn't have thought of
It's a bit much, so Tony tries to joke. "Hopefully in less than seven years."
"Why not? It looks fun! Come on!"
"If you say so. It's going well?"
"The wedding tells this world that the Avengers, and the whole superhero community, is standing united," Sue explains.
"And that we were talking about how last night was amazing, and you said you had an idea. My brain was already in the gutter, that's all," Tony says.
feel right. He might be too gullible, but she makes more sense than Yon-Rogg and the Supreme Intelligence did for the last two years.
"My first comment is that it's about time!" Cora says.
"Why go to you when you're already in town? He'll see you in thirty minutes."
"Then it might be time. We have a likely location on Vers, and Yon-Rogg will lead the mission."
Of course he is.
The entire problem with a Jack in the Box is that once it has popped, it's very difficult to shove it back out of sight again. There's no forgetting or ignoring Steve's interest now. Tony was blind not to realize it before, too. Steve looks at him with such fondness and open affection, ninety percent of the time, that he should have noticed.
Their flyers—War Machine, Falcon, and Thor—immediately engage the hovering fighter planes. On the ground, everyone else pours out of the caches set up by the Wakandans, which had been shielding their heat signature.
"Oh, hello Jarvis. Was Tony cleared by medical?"
He's about to ask where the armor to go with it is when the arc reactor moves. No, that's not it—particles are pouring out of it, extending in all directions. Nanites. Can't be anything else. It's also the coolest thing Tony has ever seen.
DUM-E goes back to helping Tony, and Steve keeps his phone propped against a pillow, watching them work. The sounds from the workshop and the incubator are soothing, and Steve feels his eyes getting heavier at last.
"Yeah. Anyhoo. Clint persuaded Steve that Wanda and Pietro would be assets, and they've been on the team for the last year."
"I love you too, baby. Come on, give me a kiss."
A second later strings of web smack against their tube, and Peter yanks in a way that rapidly closes the gap between them. He then secures the two tubes together as they continue their joy ride on the lake's surface, powered by Tony's repulsor. Steve hasn't had this much fun in years.
"No, no, I'll order take-out and bring it over. Did he eat?" Steve is ninety percent sure that Tony will refuse to meet him, anyway. Showing up with food is his best option.
Vers and the Skrulls are trying to mess with his head; implant false memories to turn him against the Kree and Yon-Rogg. It's a good play; he almost believed her outrage.
Thor takes off, bringing a now terrified Yon-Rogg with him.
"The Time Heist."
Tony has the kittens on the leashes with him. Both girls have made a lot of progress since that first time Steve saw them trying out the harnesses, and are walking in front of Tony like queens.
T'Challa inclines his head. "Of course. He can offer it as evidence in his defense. But if he was innocent, why did he try to flee?"
"Check this out."
But then again, of course Steve's childhood friend is more important than him, he thinks snidely at himself. There was no way he could ever match up to that, and he just projected his feelings like the lovesick idiot he was.
"Is there anything he's not good at?" he hears Jim grumble under his breath to Tony.
The doors of the elevators leading to the Avengers’ floors open in front of Steve when he shows up with several paper bags full of fast food.
"Clearly you already do, to a point. I've seen you fly."
"The same holds true for me," she says, squeezing his hand. "Take good care of your little princess."
"Nick Fury?"
"I figured I had four choices: one, call you—"
Steve sighs. "I miss you too, honey."
"You're Tony Stark, right?" Barnes asks, eyes going to Steve for a second, then back on Tony. "From those magazines, with the flying armor?"
Lilly hurries off Steve only to dash to the bed too, climbing up using the coverlet and rolling and jumping with Cora with little happy chirps. They're having a grand old time, for sure. It's pretty cute, and Tony watches them in amusement.
He flies towards where she crashed to pick up the body and bring it back as proof of his success. Gory, but necessary.
"I'd love to cuddle, but that floor must not be comfortable." Tony kisses Steve's cheek in apology.
"We learned that Hydra made strategic, targeted assassinations to further their cause all this time." Steve stops again and turns his head to look straight at Tony, his expression sorrowful. "I'm sorry to have to tell you this, Tony, but Zola clearly hinted that Howard was one of their hits."
"Yes, for sure," he says, rocking the child from side to side. The boy has both fists holding Tony's t-shirt and is now resting his cheek on Tony's chest, eyes drooping. "What about you, Steve? Do you want kids?"
"Uh huh. I see how it is." Tony shakes his head as if disappointed, but he can barely hide his amusement.
"Oh, I'll bother," Tony says with a scowl, kittens held protectively against his chest.
Tony is almost afraid to ask. "What mess with Barnes?"
People are moving to rhythmic music, though it looks more like swaying from side to side, both feet planted in place on the ground and hands in the air. It reminds Tony of those inflatable arm-flailing tube men used as advertisements, but it seems as if the Iantusians are having a blast.
The croupier—he introduces himself as Jarons—takes the time to align a series of tiles in the correct ascending order. He names them for Tony, who reassigns the symbols a value from one to twelve in his head. He'd memorized the order already, but he thanks the man who then dumps all the tiles in a drawer on the side of the distributing machine. After a minute of noisy mechanical shuffling, they’re on and Jarons distributes the first tiles.
"They've gotten big! Well, bigger," Rhodey says, scooping Snowball up. "How are you doing, Drama Llama?" On cue, she meows in return, making everyone laugh.
"You flatterer," Tony purrs with his most flirtatious smile, and thrills when Steve's blush darkens.
Her protectiveness makes Tony's heart sing. They forged a bond when stranded in space and in the years since once Nebula got integrated into the Avengers. She's almost his second daughter, and Tony is so glad he remembers their relationship again and hopes more memories return to him soon.
Tony throws his friend a dark look that has Rhodey laugh. "You're older than me, pal!"
Barnes squints. "He knows?"
"Yeah." Tony closes the letter again and puts it back in the mailbag.
"Fuck, enough already! I know. I know that. Barnes isn’t directly responsible, fine. Hydra is. But he still killed my parents. That doesn't change. And what I can't—" He can't even say he doesn't understand. He does. Barnes above everything, but he still asks anyway, even knowing the answer. "Why did you lie?"
Hugging Peter on the battlefield, reveling in the fact that he's solid and back and they really, really made it happen. Peter who is so good—the best—and somehow looks up to Tony, which means he must have done something right. Seeing Peter play with Morgan like a big brother.
Steve relaxes and nods. "Good idea. Though I'm sure he's careful."
“Because of Huginn and Muninn, Odin’s ravens?” Steve has clearly brushed up on his Norse mythology.
"Or I play better than you, Kol."
"You want to name the babies?" Tony asks in surprise.
A bright future is shimmering in front of Tony, promising companionship, love, and happiness. With Steve, of course, and hopefully they'll work out in the long term. But Tony is starting to accept that Cora will always be with him, too. Whether or not he sees her, he'll never be truly alone, and never was.
"Yeah, it's okay. I'm good. Let's do this." He even shrugs a shoulder, like a boxer getting ready to fight again.
"I don't think this is a good idea, Tony."
On the dance floor, Carol has persuaded several Iantusians and Steve into a basic line dance. Steve is surprisingly inept at first, but he soon catches on and then follows Carol with ease. They’re having fun, being silly and playfully elbowing each other. If Tony hadn't caught Steve looking at him earlier, he'd wonder if they were an item again. And then Tony remembers how it's supposedly Rhodey who has a thing going with Carol... The sudden need to see Jim and lean on him as Nebula is currently doing with him is overwhelming. God, he misses his Rhodey.
"Yeah. You drive me completely nuts. Plus you've kept touching my thigh and inseam for the last hour, which is totally unfair and surely violating an article of the Geneva convention."
"Her call sign is Captain Marvel," Steve says. "Super strength, cosmic energy manipulation that allows her to go binary, which means flight, photon blasts, et cetera. Biggest powerhouse we have for planetary defense, I'd say. When she deigns to come back to Earth, that is."
and he can’t stop grinning. It feels as if there aren’t any problems that matter anywhere. Everything is alright. With a giggle, Tony concludes he hasn't been this high in years. Maybe that’s behind the success of this planet: really, really good drugs. He sure hopes the morning after isn't a bitch.
close by. "Fine, I'll be there."
Tony watches a few turns and asks Nebula to clarify what are good and also less interesting symbols and what they’re worth. His questions have caught the attention of a friend of the player right next to Tony. It's a young man with an easy grin, a contrast to his pal who keeps scowling at the other players, especially when they take from his hidden tiles. After throwing Tony and Nebula increasingly frequent, curious glances, the onlooker chimes in with his own comments on the game.
” “Project….Extremis….why does it sound familiar…” “
Tony missed his family and Steve like a limb but he surged forward to get back his sister. The elevator stopped at his lab and the doors swooshed open. His lab was exactly like how he left it 5 years ago, bits and pieces of his latest armor, SHIELD files on Bucky Barnes, a copy of the Sokovian Accord with its pages haphazardly on his desk and a glass of half-filled scotch still sitting on it. Tony dusted the cobwebs hanging around and punched his security code.  "
” JARVIS answered Tony. Tony managed to clear the table somewhat clean and dumped the handbag on the table. “
Entering the building, she smiles at the receptionist when her PA comes bustling in, her hair harried and her high-heels clacking loudly on the granite flooring. "Kat, you okay?" she asks as she eyes her up concernly and Kat looks at her, her panic welling up. "One of the investor canceled on the meeting but now we have two site meetings AND a conference call to Japan-" "Kat, Kat. Relax, take a deep breath and look at me. Okay? Now, slowly, one by one" Ahana soothes her and Kat takes a deep breath before straightening up and looks at Ahana "One of our investor, Mr. Akino, canceled the meeting this morning, so we can push forward the following two site visits-" "To?" "The new Stark Medical Centre building site and the existing residency building site-" "And how is the progress?" "It's going well, the framework is done and they want you to see it before they seal it off with cement" "And then?" "And then, you have a conference call with Ms. Debowski-" "From?" "Russia, she wants to discuss about some funding issues and its urgent, according to her" :"Mmm" "And then you have the shareholder meeting at level 6-" "Time?" "Afternoon at 4" Kat finishes and switches off her StarkTab and looks at Ahana. " So far, this is today's agenda, but, I'll let you know if there's any shifts in it" "Then, okay. You're dismissed" Ahana shoos her off as she enters her office and places her bags in one corner and starts her coffee machine.
Reaching the room Tony was admitted, Steve slowly opened the door to see Tony resting against the headboard fiddling in his tablet. "You sure your not some kind of a cat?" Steve teased as he entered the room. Tony looked up from his tablet and a fond smile found its way to his face "Hey, sweetheart.." Tony said with  soft voice "Hey, babe..how are you?" "Good, better actually, the back up arc reactor is much better than the previous one" "Good..god Tony, you scared the hell outta me. I..I thought I lost you, once and for all." "Hey, hey...I'm fine Steve, like you said I'm a cat, a fierce wildcat" Steve raised an eyebrow "Like a wildcat? Nah, you're more like a house cat" "A very big-" "A tiny house cat, the one people melt seeing it in Youtube videos" Tony gasped and pouted "Who are you? And where is my husband?" "I'm right here babe-" "No, you're not. My husband would pepper me in kisses all over my face-" "You hate it when I do that" Steve said deadpanned "Point. But still he wo-ULD! STEVIE!" Steve launched himself at Tony and started to pepper kisses all over his face, Tony batted his face and shrieked in laughter. "Okay, okay break it off you saps" Clint teased as the whole team filled into the room. Tony's laughter subsided into soft giggled by the time the whole team was in the room. One by one the members sat by Tony and talked, joked and teased with him but Tony sensed tension between Bucky and Nat. He silently asked Steve with one raised eyebrow, and Steve nudged Bucky's shoulder. Bucky cleared his throat and everyone in the room turned their attention at Bucky, all except Nat. "I just wanna apologize to Nat. Nat, I'm so sorry I..I just.." Bucky took a deep breath and told her everything that he told Steve "-I still love you Nat but.." Nat finally turned to him and her gaze softened "Its..its okay..I guess..it's just I need some time to get over you.." she huffed a laughter but closed the distance between them and enveloped Bucky in a tight embrace. Bucky returned the embrace with an equal force. While everyone looked at them with a fond look, Tony sat there dumbfounded and he cleared his throat "Uhh, am I missing a memo here?" Steve ushered Bucky towards Tony's side "Tony...introducing your future brother-in-law." Tony's mouth hung open and Bucky glared at Steve. "Wh..wh..what?!" Steve sat beside him and explained the whole accord between Bucky and Tasha. Tony closed his mouth and closed his eyes and pondered, and then took a deep breath and looked at Bucky with a fond smile and a mischievous smirk "Well then Bucky, welcome to the family! I mean, the Stark family that is." Bucky groaned while the rest of the teammates laughed and the whole atmosphere was beautiful. The laughter soon died down and Tony sobered "So..how are we gonna bring her back?" "You mean us" Steve replied deadpanned "But-" "Don't fight with me on this Tony, you're still injured and not in any condition to come for a mission." "Steve...she's my sister" "I know Tony but-" "Please Steve...I'm begging you, I really want to see her..please" Tony gave his best puppy eyes and Steve groaned but agreed to him "But as soon as you're hurt, stay back. That's an order" Steve said with a hard voice and Tony nodded enthusiastically. After a few days, Tony was deemed healthy and was discharged. As soon as he reached the Avenjet, the team gathered at the meeting room to discuss their strategy. "According to Bucky, we have a very rough sketch of the HYDRA facility base. Bruce and Nat your on comms, Sam and Tony take the south entrance, Thor and Rhodey air control shoot down any HYDRA flights, Clint at the west side and Carol at the east side, Bucky and me, we save Tasha." all the others nodded in affirmation and scrambled to suit up.
Ahana is mindlessly searching through the internet when an idea comes to her mind. "J?" she calls out "Yes, Miss Stark" JARVIS replies softly, as to not disturb the wolf on her lap. " Has there been any news on runaway animals? Dogs? Canines? Wolfs?" she asks and JARVIS searches quietly and finally projects his findings "As a matter of fact there is. 15 reports of a runaway wolf spotted in the City Hall Park and the Colombus Park" "And no one took action on it?" "There was also a similar incident last year, another runaway wolf but it turned out to be a massive dog. The owner turned up minutes later" "Show me that incident" and JARVIS screens the detailed report and the picture of the dog and "That looks alot like my wolf" Ahana looks down at her wolf sees alot of resemblance and she gasps "J? Where did they take the dog?" "There is no report saying that the dog is safely at home and...it seems like the family didn't even exist" "Huh?" "The neighbourhood the owner stayed, claims that the house he was staying was homely but the minute he got the dog, the next morning, it was empty" "Like no one lived there, or..." "Lived there long enough to get to the dog" "Wolf, it's a wolf. It's to big for a dog"
Bucky slowly fucks her with his finger as he kisses along her thighs, occasionally sucking a bruise. Ahana twists and turns, moans and whimpers, begs Bucky for more when Bucky inserts a second finger, his rhythm turning a little faster. Bucky comes up, fingers still moving in her clit, and kisses her roughly, his tongues prying her lips and tasting her mouth. Ahana's moans and whimpers are swallowed by Bucky as he adds a third finger and a fourth finger into her, his pace brutal against her clit. They lean apart and Ahana whimpers loudly "Bucky, need...you..in...me..fuck!...please" she begs and Bucky hums and pecks her lips one more time before he extracts his fingers. He pinches her panties and it comes ripping off into two, before Bucky takes his boxers off and plunges his cock into her. Burying himself to hilt, he waits until Ahana catches her breath then nods for him to move, hooking her legs to the small of his back. Bucky's pace is brutal as he fucks into her, covering her as he bends down and peppers kisses along her neck and collarbone. Bucky spreads her legs further and moves a little closer when Ahana flies off her bed, her back a perfect arch.
A heavy silence falls in the cockpit. Tony's not surprised by Natasha's sacrifice, not one bit. She always acted as if she had to repent for her past, even if she tried to appear unflappable. Tony can't imagine how much Clint must be hurting. Fuck. He must be racked with guilt, despite the fact that what she did allowed the Avengers to undo the Decimation. The more he learns about the battles with Thanos, the more Tony realizes how huge and complicated it was. He also hates how Steve visibly blames himself too, as he does every time a mission goes wrong.
"I'll be damned," Sam adds.
He feels drained of all tension and wonders if he will slip down on the floor in a puddle. But no, Tony's there to prop him up, solid and smelling so good. He has circled an arm around Steve's shoulders and is caressing his back up and down with gentle humming sounds. Steve wishes they were on a soft surface; he would happily pass out for a bit. Hell, he might try it even standing up.
"Of course. You want me to deploy it? Or just show a video?"
"It had to be done. You are a good soldier—"
"We've got this," Tony says, with a wink.
He looks just as lost and wary as Tony feels, shield ready on his arm.
"Shhh," Steve tells her when he’s halfway through with the first baby. "It won't be long, darling." Her sister is gulping down the formula fast, as she's been doing from the start. She's one ravenous kitten, that's for sure.
"Come here, sweetheart, it's okay now," Tony says, gently picking up the dark kitten. It fits in the palm of his hand and Steve melts at the way Tony immediately brings it to place a kiss on its head. "Shhh, shhh, I've got you."
"You did, and again, it was the least I could do," Steve says, earnestly. "Thank you, Tony. You're the reason we won."
The first and only other time Steve came here, anxiety was knotting his stomach. He was about to see Tony for the first time after five years and no contact at all, which had felt like an eternity. He's nervous now too, but for entirely different reasons. Reconciling with Tony during the Time Heist is the best thing that happened to Steve in… well, since the Avengers broke up, at least. Maybe the most fulfilling event of Steve's whole personal life, if he's honest.
Steve is certain that Jim has detected his crush on Tony, and has known for a while. That he shares the photograph like this feels like a blessing of some sort, and it makes Steve inordinately happy. And Rhodes isn't a cruel man, far from it. He wouldn't encourage Steve's infatuation if he thought there was no chance of an eventual reciprocity, right?
A cool hand captures Tony's chin, and he's forced to look up at Frigga. The queen is serious but calm, which helps Tony relax. He feels as if her blue eyes see right through his soul. After a second, she smiles reassuringly and gently pats his cheek.
"Oh my God," Steve breathes out, clutching at Tony's waist. He's short of breath and cross-eyed at this simple praise. Also hard enough to pound nails.
Tony winces because that must have been awful if he was close to the kid. He can't believe that a teenager followed him in space to fight a mad titan. His death was on Tony, and he must have thought that then too if what Steve is saying is right.
Tony huffed. "Please—" he started.
It's like a direct punch to the gut. He blinks again and again, stupidly, trying to make sense of the words as he's transported back to December 16, 1991, learning that his parents died in an accident.
"In conclusion, we've heard the 117 nations that signed the Sokovia Accords," Rhodey had said. "The superhero community believes in accountability. But we also believe in responsibility. Nations have borders and sovereignty, that's not in question. But more and more we face global and even extraterrestrial threats that do not look at lines on a map. The rules that many wish to be put in place need to account for exceptional situations where there might not be time to follow a set procedure. The notion of super hero evaluations and registration also raises concerns among our ranks. But we stand before you as a united front in our commitment to draft a new version of the Accords, under King T'Challa's leadership, that we can all agree on. I thank you for your attention today. I'll open questions for 15 minutes, and then we have a surprise for you," Rhodey concluded.
"Okay," Tony agrees, rubbing Steve's lower back. "You enjoy being marked, that's clear. With spunk, with bites, with bruises. Makes sense because you react beautifully to pain. How much of a masochist you are remains to be seen, though."
"Please.”
Rhodes' question makes Tony jump in surprise. He puts his palm on his chest, right over the repulsor pump, and can feel his heart race.
"For that metal suit of yours?"
Steve flinches at his last name; it's the first time Tony hasn’t called him Steve since he woke up in the hospital on Banturia. Well, at least this explains why Carol said that was the way Tony addressed him.
"Definitely too late, Lang," Rhodey says. Said Lang looks at him with wariness, which prompts him to add, "Yes, I know about you, Ant-Man."
The man smiles back, and Tony notes that his teeth are very white but now perfectly normal, no hint of elongated canines.
"If you're done charming the old ladies, sure," Carol says, filling a glass.
The melted wall is still too hot to be a safe exit—to Zemo, at least. They walk to the room's actual door, then double down to the main chamber where Steve and Bucky are waiting.
"All cats like boxes, or that's what I've heard," Steve says.
"Goddammit Steve!"
Nebula frowns and catches Tal's wrist.
Steve has to close his eyes from the dual attack of the perfect suction and the devastating beauty of Tony sucking his cock. It almost makes him lose control right there and then. The problem is that not looking exacerbates everything else that Tony's doing perfectly with his mouth, but also his possessive grip on Steve's hips, the sinful wet noises and the intoxicating smell of arousal.
“Enchanted.” Tony bows. “You are even more beautiful than the old Norse tales prepared us for.” Admittedly cheesy, but it’s the truth.
As for Lilly, she's in Tony's arms too, and is petting Cora reassuringly and making small chirping sounds. Thor crouches by their side and catches Tony's eyes with his own.
It's the wait that's the worst, now that the Krees are close. The core is humming in the vault, and Tony feels as if he's vibrating at the same frequency. What is not helping is that Steve is so tense, Tony's own jaw hurts. Wanda looks mostly unconcerned, busy on her phone while sitting on a chair in the corner.
Thanks! I love it! Poor Snowball.
"It's a line from a movie. Build it and they will come," Tony repeats.
Steve has enthusiastically tried many new things since they started sleeping together, only a week ago. He had little experience before Tony, only exchanged a few rushed handjobs and blowjobs, and Betty who rode him that one time while on the USO tour. Sex with Tony has been a great learning curve, and he's curious to know where it could go next. If it will involve ginger or not has to be determined.
But Frigga continues with a teasing smile, “Also life magic, mystery of creation, mischievousness, manipulation. More often than not, a trickster.”
"The Supreme Intelligence is full of bullshit, even though it had this handsome face." Tony points at Steve, knowingly breaking a Kree taboo by voicing that information. "That's quite the army you brought with you. What are you planning to do if I don't join you?" He had asked Att-Lass the same thing, but he wonders if he'll get the same answer now.
Steve wonders if he's working on something for the kittens and is surprised at the pang of disappointment that comes with it. It's not like he can stop Tony from inventing, but he thought they were in this adventure together for now.
Steve lights up a bundle of dry Sage, does a few passes over Tony, and says the counterspell out loud in fluent Latin. There's no time to marvel about it: the air immediately crackles as Victor's spell breaks. The tension that kept Tony shifted disappears, and he pushes outwards.
"Yeah." Tony looks at Steve, who smiles down at him with so much love in his eyes.
"Especially in underground circles," Steve says.
"I'm convinced. Let's give them a lesson."
They take a short flight—or leap—to land next to Rhodey's side. Steve, who'd been resolute but still amicable, now looks enraged. He barely spares a look at Carol and Peter, eyes fixed on the Iron Man armor, before he turns towards Rhodey and sneers.
"What? No. Just didn't want you to fall," he scoffs.
Once released on the floor, Snowball starts crouching very low to walk. Hell, she's crawling, which is indeed funny. And she seems mortally offended by the whole situation, with long pitiful meows.
He's ready to go home.
From what he sees on the display, this is the Mark XIX, down to the last inch. But it's impossible that in eleven years Iron Man's design hasn't changed. What formed is the last armor that Tony remembers, though, so there is logic to it. It also means that the nanites follow his actual thoughts.
"Excellent," Steve says. "Sleep in as long as you need."
What they need is bait for the Kree. If either Tony or Carol—or both—would do, it's not as if they can put up a sign, up in space, to point towards their location. But twice now, the Krees have tried to steal the core of Mar-Vell's light-speed engine, and Tony is convinced that they cannot learn. Or maybe more accurately that they are arrogant enough to try again and find out if three times is indeed a charm (it won't be, Tony won't let it).
trouble, promise. Nice to see you too, Nama."
"You're Sokovian," Steve says. "Is that what this is about?"
The End
"Hello, Mister Stark," she says. "It's fantastic to see you awake. I'm Dina, and I'll do a quick exam if you don't mind."
"What?!"
"Yeah, okay." Steve has dispelled his shield and is rubbing his thigh with a wince. "I'd love to learn how to do that, by the way."
"Yeah?"
He’ll never escape his warmongering legacy, no matter how much good he does with Iron Man. In retrospect, Tony should have kept the thought quiet, because Cora’s whole posture droops. He feels terrible about it, but if she knows anything about him, the self-hatred can’t be a surprise.
I realize I messed up as Kree blood is blue, not green... but Tony is special and I am leaving it that way because it comes up again. Sorry!
"Yeah?"
"Okay."
"Not a problem," Tony says.
"Nah, I'm all right. Just a bit out of practice."
"It's my ship, and I'll explain what we've been working on to increase her speed once you’ve taken a nap." Clearly she knows him enough to anticipate his requests.
"It's great to meet you, Peter. As for your first question, when you got here, the Krees are the ones who kidnapped me two years ago. They're probably on their way to grab me again."
The express permission takes care of his vampire-specific needs and of the protection wards. Tony face plants inside, and with the momentum rolls forward and ends up on the floor. His total mortification is mitigated when Steve is immediately by his side and gently picks him up.
"The number was eight. Captain Rogers, you get to name the white kitten."
"I'm certain you would, but it's a lot of—" the doctor trails off when he sees, just like Steve does, how Tony is digging his heels in. He's so fierce and has so much love to give.
“You’d let me do it, if I wanted to,” Steve retorted. “You’d let me show them all how sweet you look, how beautiful you sound moaning on my dick…” He rocked forward just a fraction then, let his length press against the brunet’s prostate.
Steve regarded him for a moment, tried to think of what to say. He twisted the towel in his hands anxiously, swallowed hard. There was a beat of silence. “Look, Sam, I know you’re still mad at me,” he started.
He braced his hands on Steve’s shoulders, pushed at them a little until the blond got the message, drew back.
Steve had to bite his lip to keep from making a sound.
Luckily, the thought never crossed Steve’s mind. He wanted Tony just as much as Tony wanted him, and although he never considered making the first move, thought it improper given the fact that there were 7 years between them and Tony was Howard’s
Steve’s words drove Tony over the edge, and the tide of pleasure swept through him so quick, like lightning, that he didn’t have time to do anything but let out a shout as he came all over himself, jerked and clenched down on Steve’s dick.
find him.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony nodded again, and then remembered Steve couldn’t see it and felt stupid. “Okay,” he said after a second, and hung up the phone, waited.
But Steve was still here, and they had a job to do, a problem to solve. Tony had to be able to solve it. If he got everyone into this mess, he could get them out, right? He hoped so. Maybe they’d forgive him then, and wouldn’t be so quick to lay blame the next time. But then again, he wouldn’t be surprised if his own creation would destroy everything he held dear, would drive his teammates and his partner away from him permanently. It felt like poetic justice.
“I don’t…You should hear it from the doctor,” she said, avoiding his gaze, and panic bubbled up in Tony’s chest.
“Let me—let me ride you,” Tony said, and it was more of an order than a question.
Steve went off first, came with a shout, and Tony praised him for it, stroked himself hard and fast to follow Steve over the edge moments later. The mess was mostly contained between them, and Tony’s head fell back on the couch. Steve sprawled on top of him once more, and they lay there in a sweaty, messy, but
Peter’s brows furrowed in confusion, and Tony smiled a little. He continued speaking while Steve scoffed at the compliment, lifted his free hand to scratch at his beard, run a hand through his hair. He didn’t feel handsome at the moment, and was surprised that Tony thought him so when he looked like this, but wasn’t going to argue about it.
, the quicker the sickness will withdraw.”
“Same time tomorrow?” Tony joked, snaking his hand up Steve’s back, ruffling it through his hair fondly.
He’d already made progress on one war front this morning, maybe he could make it on another too.
He took a second to collect himself, squeezed his eyes shut to keep any tears from shedding.
, more than words could tell.
“You learned your lesson yet?” he asked, though he sounded breathless, and his face was flushed.
It really wasn’t fair that he got double whammied today, especially when he had so many things planned. Steve hadn’t planned on seeing him until dinnertime. His SI meeting was supposed to be a long one, and he planned on running diagnostics on the Quinjet, and doing some repairs on a lot of their gear. All of that would have to wait now, which Steve knew was frustrating the brunet to no end, on top of his pain. The scientist hated leaving tasks unfinished.
, give—give me your knot,” Tony said breathlessly, pushing back against Steve’s cock, and his slowly inflating knot.
“When did you get back?” Steve asked, voice still a little drowsy. He shifted a little, careful not to disrupt the baby.
The windows were dimmed, not entirely darkened because the rainy weather made it darker than usual already, and Tony’s face was turned away from them, tucked instead against the blessed shadow of Steve’s chest.
Tony would miss Steve a lot too.
He didn’t know who else to call, really. Rhodey was deployed overseas and wouldn’t be back for months, and if he called Jarvis then his parents would find out, and he’d be collected from the street corner he was on, and it would turn into a huge mess, and a lecture was the
He cursed his biology, for not making this any easier. He cursed
Steve smiled at him, all sunshine, and claimed his lips with a kiss, much like he’d so entirely claimed his heart.
Steve let out a cross between a laugh and a sigh. “That’s the gist of it.”
Rhodey put a hand on his shoulder then, reminding him to stay calm, and Tony played it off as a painful kick, rubbed his belly.
He was out for the count.
Tony shuddered, tried to think of a concrete number. He ran through the faces in his head of people he’d humiliated, and settled on a number. “Fifteen,” he replied. He had the decency to sound a little ashamed now.
He could feel Rhodey’s eyes on him, sympathetic, concerned, as usual. Tony looked away. He didn’t want to see the pity there, didn’t want to feel it. If he did, his resolve would weaken. He could succumb to the dread settling deep in his bones. He wasn’t going to let his feelings get the better of him. Not this time.
[It just takes time, you said so yourself the other day.]
later. Clear and present was Steve, laying under her, his face red and cock hard, his hair disheveled from their makeout session, from her kissing him, fingering him open. Her hands were smaller than his, so it took longer, took
Steve exhaled softly. Tony didn’t toss out apologies lightly. He was prideful, they both were, so whenever the words were spoken, Steve knew they were earnest. “I know.”
“You’re insane,” he breathed instead, his face feeling warm. He stared down at the gearshift.
“You’d love that, wouldn’t you?” Steve asked, bracing his hands on Tony’s thighs. They were so warm, hot, really. He let his hands slide up slowly, grasp Tony’s waist. “You’re hungry for it. You always want me to mark you up inside and out, want the whole world to know that I’m the one you spread your legs for.”
They’d had an amazing time on the Honeymoon thus far despite the interruptions. They’d visited several points of interests, including museums Steve had been dying to see for years, and  Tony’s body was behaving for the most part too; he’d thankfully only had a few bad pain days. It wasn’t much of a chore to summon the energy to fool around with his gorgeous husband whenever he was feeling a little frisky between events. Besides, Tony initiated just as often as Steve did.
, so to speak.
It was kind of quiet in their part of the Compound right now, quieter than Tony anticipated. Normally around this time, they’d be playing with Peter, letting him experiment with all sorts of enriching toys, spoiling him with affection with the TV on in the background, but right now, it was quiet. Their side of the Compound was quieter in general, thanks to some sound-proofing, but it was
Steve didn’t think he could handle that right now, with the way he was feeling, how fucking ready he was to cum. He just—He just needed that extra bit, just a little more, just…!
“No, no, only yours,” Tony assured him, and gave him a much wider smile.
“I don’t know,” Rhodey admitted, sighing tiredly. “We’ve all made bad decisions at some point or another. It just so happens his bad decision makes me wanna beat the shit out of him, but that wouldn’t solve anything. The best thing to do is…try to forget it, I guess. Or at least, find a way to live with it.”
, Tony. You hear me?”
Peter was especially fussy tonight. As the hours drew on, he seemed to get worse, each of his little cries piercing a fresh dagger in Tony’s heart, and he could do nothing to make it better. He’d finally gotten the baby to fall asleep an hour or two ago, and Tony intended on catching up on rest too, but he couldn’t.
What the hell was wrong with him? Why couldn’t he do anything right? Everything he tried to do, he seemed to fuck up. Every choice he made, every plan and every decision seemed to just bring more pain, more suffering to his loved ones.
That made Steve’s heart flutter, like it did every time Tony asked for him. He could never resist the request, crawled across the blanket and settled at his side.
“FRIDAY, is there any footage to play back? Audio, if not visual?” Rhodey asked, rubbing circles into Tony’s back. The brunet had his face hidden in his hands, trying to settle down.
He’d gotten much better about letting Steve take the reins the last few months, leaving Peter in his care more often, letting Steve participate, and trying to be less possessive. It had worked out well so far, and Steve hadn’t disappointed yet, in any aspect. He adored his son, was attentive and careful, and horribly affectionate with him, like Tony had hoped he would be when they first thought about having kids, so long ago.
Tony snorted at that. “I will not be telling them that. The last thing we need is a viral video of you punching the snot out of a Board Exec plastered all over social media when they tell you where you can shove your urgent business.”
Tony’s voice wavered, shocked, relieved, and frightened all at once.
Sam wasn’t feeling very confident either, but he couldn’t think of a better plan. Time was of the essence; they didn’t have all the variables, had no idea if the jaws of danger were closing in on them, or on
[You really love throwing that word around. You said ‘together’ a few years ago too, when Ultron came around, but guess who fucking left??? You did]
“What do you think?” Steve asked, hanging up his jacket on a peg by the door.
Tony held out about a full week and a half before he finally broke down and forgave Rhodey.
“You can do it,” his boyfriend replied, slipping into his sweet, soft voice, without the heat of irritation.
Steve’s throat felt a little tight. He shut his eyes then, pressed the phone even closer to his ear. “I wish that too. I wish I could be there.”
“Hey, easy Tony,” Pepper’s voice said at his left. He felt her hand brush against his cheek soothingly. He didn’t have time to greet her though. He wanted to greet his baby instead.
He couldn’t help but smile a little, when he turned his head to look at Tony. Tony smiled back at him, satisfaction in his grin, and Steve leaned over, pulled him closer by the waist. He placed a kiss to the brunet’s throat, grazed it with his teeth, and Tony let out a content little hum, feeling slow and easy.
he asked himself, and knew the answer was
The young woman at the front desk said there’d be baskets available at the orchard to fill and bring back. Sure enough, at the entrance to the orchard stood a pile of large wooden baskets, neatly stacked. When they made it there, Tony picked one up, inspected it for a moment, and turned to look at the soldier.
He thought about it, the night before they reached the border, staring up at the stars. He could still hear, could still count the strikes of his shield, the amount of force it took to off-line Tony’s suit, to end it all. He remembered the hatred, the pain in Tony’s eyes when he’d walked away, the way it felt, when he abandoned his own mate.
Tony didn’t need to be told twice. He laughed a little and got to his feet, stretched and looked out the window. The rain hadn’t really settled, but it hadn’t gotten worse, which was a blessing.
“Well, if you say so,” Tony said, somewhat amused. The praise only stirred more heat in his belly, and Steve’s hands on him made him squirm a little, made that burning under his skin grow that much hotter, fill him with so much desire it was almost overwhelming. He licked his lips, took a breath to steady himself before he did something stupid like admitting defeat. There was still a game to be played, after all.
“I made a
He didn’t want it this way. He never wanted it this way. If it weren’t for Peter, he would have never agreed to any of this. But it wasn’t about what he wanted anymore. It was about what his baby, only a day old now, needed, and Tony would do anything to give him what he needed.
Steve leaned down a little further, crowded him and let out a moan of his own, spurred on by his reactions, by his voice. He loved it. He loved it when Tony lost himself, when he was just open and raw, living in the moment. Tony put up a front so often, hid himself, from the world, and on occasion, from Steve, but there was nothing to hide here.
Damn. Maybe Steve Rogers really was the key to happiness.
“Are you kidding me?” Tony replied, sitting up straighter. He didn’t really have the energy for posturing lately, and already he was feeling a little worse for wear, since hearing the news. He wasn’t going to let Ross talk to him like that though (even if he was right to be accusatory.)
[I love you too. I miss you so much. I’ll find a way to make all of this up to you someday.]
The blond’s jaw clenched, and he took swift steps forward, squatted down before Tony to check him over. “What did he do to you?” he asked.
“Do you want a picture?” the soldier asked after Tony slid a few dollars across the counter, reading her mind.
For now, he had to gather his strength, sort out his mind, so he could start planning. Eventually, with that goal in mind, he drifted off, cradled in Steve’s arms, and thankfully didn’t wake up again until morning.
Tony hummed a little into the kiss, let his book drop out of his hands and over the side of his chair. It hit the floor with a thud.
“That’s right, god, so gorgeous, baby, so handsome. I love getting you there, making a mess of you. Did it feel good, Steve? You feel good, honey?”
Steve tried to push away his thoughts, before his feelings got the best of him, so late at night. It wouldn’t do him any good, playing pretend.
. The memory of that was vivid, entirely pleasant, wrapped up around him like a good dream, even if he was back in reality.
His patience was wearing thin. It was so easy for Steve, wasn’t it? So easy to just dream up these absurd little ideas, so easy pretending that reality was anything other than what it was. The time for dreaming had long since passed, in Tony’s opinion. They were dealing with the real world.
Steve had
Tony took the flowers from him, held them gingerly and inspected them. They were a lovely mixture of red and yellow roses—his signature colors. There was a little card sticking out between flowers, labeled ‘
Steve spread his ass cheeks, and Tony couldn’t help but shudder, clench and unclench his muscles a few times. He could feel Steve’s eyes on him, predatory, piercing, hungry.
The kid looked so damn cute with his big brown eyes and rosy cheeks that suffering the sudden temperature difference was well worth it. Tony held out his arms, offering to hold him.
Steve scoffed a little. “We still have time,” he replied, and nuzzled Tony’s bond mark. “Plenty of time.”
had he screwed up so bad? How had he taken everything he’d been given for granted, had been so willing to throw it all away in a few moments of cloudy judgment? It wasn’t fair. It wasn’t fair to him, and it wasn’t fair to his team, and most of all, it wasn’t fair to
But Steve had opened a can of worms with that question, because the handful of kids on the other side of the building wanted to get in on the action too, so it was only fair that everyone got a picture. If the crowd was any bigger, it might have been annoying, but it was just a small group of people, and besides, they were never in this part of the state, so it was only natural it’d cause some excitement. Tony made them all promise not to put their photos on social media until the next day, when they were already home again. He didn’t want this quiet little field trip turning into a big event with people showing up just for a photo op. That being said, he didn’t mind interacting with fans out of the blue. They always seemed so happy, seeing him and Steve. He was glad to bring people a little happiness.
“You asked for this,” Steve reminded him, using his other hand to lift Tony’s thigh a little higher. He eased back on the bed, so Tony was practically laying on top of him, helplessly pinned on his cock. He managed to sound nonchalant, but his face was flushed red, and his breathing unsteady. “If you had just behaved…” he gave a little thrust, pressed directly against Tony’s prostate.
“Shh, I’ve got you,” Steve replied, squeezing his ass, pulling on the belt loops of his pants. “Take your pants off, lay on the bed for me, sweetheart.”
, but sometimes he just needed that little extra push, and the blond, being so loving and kind and understanding, never denied him it.
He took a long, deep breath, exhaled it sharply. He angrily brushed hair from his face, stared down at the ground.
“Yes, honey,
About halfway through his plate, he brought it up with Rhodey.
“You know, maybe the rain isn’t so bad after all,” he joked, turning to look at Steve.
It wasn’t fair. It wasn’t
“Nat’s right,” he said, though it pained him to do so. He wished they could take the simple way, but it was an impossibility. “They’ll be watching the towns and tapping phone lines. This is the only option we have.”
in his grasp. Steve kissed him like his life depended on it, like it was the only kiss he’d ever get, even though he knew he’d be getting more now, and that just made him all the more enthusiastic. He kissed Tony until the brunet was breathless, and pulled back, his cheeks flushed and lashes fluttering.
“Went and got you breakfast. Figured you’d need a little pick-me-up after everything.”
?” he asked.
Apparently last night’s sleep troubles had more of an impact on his boys than Tony anticipated. There were a few toys spread out over the living room carpet, so an attempt to play had been made, but sleep had apparently overcome the two of them.
Tony didn’t say anything for a moment. He was silent on the line, save for his breathing, which gradually got harsher, until he let out a breath to calm himself. There was a pause, between his breaths and Steve’s. Each second of silence made Steve more anxious, more afraid.
It wasn’t good enough for Tony.
Steve was thinking on similar lines. Nothing could be done from his side, according to his mate, but maybe Tony would be willing to find some middle ground, for the others. Maybe Tony could strike a bargain, minimize their sentences, or maybe find a way to avoid Secretary Ross finding out at all. Maybe he would find a way to arrange a secret meeting. Then again, maybe he
They pretended to be surprised. “What?” Tony asked, purposefully widening his eyes. “Wh—where? When?”
“Oh I plan on getting one. Just want you to join me.”
wanted, which was namely, Steve in bed. Tony had made that much clear when it took him two hours to get ready for the party, because he thought it was a drag, and Steve refused to fuck him in the extravagant pool at the back of the house.
“Yeah,” Tony replied, reaching over to cup Steve’s cheek.
The blond let out a frustrated sigh, caught up in his thoughts, and actually felt a little embarrassed when Wanda questioned him about it.
He would resent being called a brat though, even if he knew it was true. “I’m not a brat,” he insisted, reached up to yank at Steve’s tie.
idiot, and…and we love him, don’t we?” Tony asked. Whether he was asking the baby or himself wasn’t entirely clear.
He knew he was just being paranoid. He was paranoid about
“I know,” Tony replied, and he grimaced a little. “I don’t really wanna go home yet. You sure I can’t just hide here forever?”
“Could ask you the same,” Steve replied, and his hand slipped under Tony’s shirt, down his toned stomach and to the waistline of his sweatpants. “Can’t even see you and you’re driving me fucking wild.”
, take me, spread my legs wide and just fuck your cum up into me where it belongs,” he said, voice low, salacious.
Steve let out a little puff of air, overwhelmed by the amount of emotion that stirred in his chest. His smile grew, small and earnest.
Tony scoffed, shook his head. “N-no, I—“
Still.
He’d been pretty successful, managing to stay under the cover of Steve’s umbrella without alerting him to his presence. Steve walked pretty fast though, or maybe his stride was just a lot bigger thanks to his height, so Tony had to try hard to keep up, a bag in each hand and a few water droplets dripping down his head. His hair was pretty wet, and he was damn cold and miserable, but it would only be another block or two before he’d reach the shop where he worked as a mechanic.
Although they doubted the UN was keeping tabs on Wakandan servers (T’challa’s father had been the most ardent supporter for the Accords in the first place) it was better to be safe than sorry. Apparently T’challa hadn’t been spared meetings and visits and questions over the last few months either, so their caution wasn’t unfounded.
Tony would do everything in his power to save them all, from whatever was out there. He would do what he had to in order to save
him, as it did every time, big enough to stretch his jaw, to make breathing difficult, and Tony loved it. Steve drew back before the tip hit Tony’s throat, and he let him adjust his breathing. The way the brunet’s eyes fluttered, and how his fingers tightened on the bed sheets made it really difficult to restrain himself, but he managed.
“There you are. I’ve been looking for you everywhere,” Steve said pleasantly. The blond set his bags down by the balcony door. He’d gone into town, to this little art studio to buy some fresh paints and more Linseed Oil. He’d run out of Ultramarine Blue pretty quickly, painting oceanscapes, and needed to get more for his current work in progress. He got up early for it, took a leisurely walk. He liked walking to town, even if it took a long time. The landscape was nice, and he liked taking the time to soak in the details, to let the architecture and environment inspire him.
“Tony,” Steve hissed, for what seemed like the thousandth time tonight. He was started to get truly embarrassed now, after the last guest was sent packing with their proverbial tail between their legs. Steve thanked his lucky stars that Tony’s parents were preoccupied on the other side of the estate, or else things could have turned ugly for Tony pretty quick.
That may have been true, but Steve had never particularly
That evening, he managed to read over the briefing of the meeting he’d missed that Pepper was kind enough to send him, gave her a proper response, and altered his checklist for tomorrow. He couldn’t do much more than that, really. He was always exhausted after a day like this, but catching up on sleep probably wasn’t a bad thing.
“This isn’t particularly uncommon in situations like these, and sometimes the symptoms abate on their own but…With a case as severe as yours, a bond so…
“I’m…I’m not alright. Not with what happened. B-but I’m alright with being here. With you,” Tony said, scooted over on the couch closer, their legs pressed together now, and he hoped his expression suggested the sincerity of his words.
Tony felt so good in his arms, like he belonged there, and he was warm, soft, and it felt familiar, like they’d touched this way thousands of times instead of for the very first time. It was beautiful, grounding, humbling, and he wondered why the hell he’d waited so long to let himself have it, why the hell
Maybe it was the silver spoon he was born up his asshole with, or maybe it was because he was absurdly gorgeous and
I told myself I'd never put H*ward on screen because I hate his guts, but I really wanted to dive into this topic, to let out some of my own irl frustration. Don't worry, my father's never hit me, but the emotional aspect, the distance and sense of disappointment is definitely there. I ended up crying about it at work last week LOL. So here's a little thought dump in the form of a story that I'm sure plenty of people can relate to. Luckily Tony's got his Steve to make it all better <3
, he did. It excited him, and he could never figure out quite why. It was…grounding, he supposed, made him aware of every inch of himself, of the way it felt. It made him aware of the distance between him and everything else, between the world in his brain and the real world, out there, and it made him feel more…connected.
He waited, and waited, and waited. He tried to distract himself, ate dinner, re-folded the new clothes in his baby’s closet, and tried desperately not to open the flip phone every few minutes. An hour passed, and there was no word from Steve.
Tony smiled dreamily at that, his eyes shut. He couldn’t bring himself to fight Steve’s praises anymore, instead let them wash over him, leave him warm and happy again. He felt so blessed that Steve indulged him in times like this, was always willing to make him feel better.
“I’ve got you, sweetheart, I’ll give it to you so good, fuck, you’re so gorgeous, so damn hot like this, Steve. Do you have any idea
his brain unhelpfully suggested when the brunet was alone. ‘
what had been going on these last few years, letting him know who Tony’s
Rhodey could sympathize. Nothing about this situation was easy. That was made abundantly clear lately.
Tony eyed the contents of Steve’s hands, couldn’t focus on his beautiful face anymore. It was like staring into the sun. “Did you—“
, and he wouldn’t last much longer.
It was at that point that Tony really committed to the idea of making Steve a new suit. He started a draft file the instant they got back to the Tower. It took longer than he expected to design it. He wanted it to be perfect. He wanted it to fit Steve in all the right ways, but he also wanted it to be useful, for it to offer him protection. He also found out SHIELD was taking Steve and Nat down to Washington for the next couple of months, and that Steve was going to be an official SHIELD agent, which was really fucking disappointing honestly, because Tony wouldn’t be able to see him anymore, but at least he could leave him with this parting gift. At least Steve would be out there on every mission wearing something Tony made just for him, something sleek and sexy and
He earned a playful roll of the eyes for that one. “The things I put up with,” Steve sighed.
“Then that’s what we’ll do,” Steve replied softly.
“Hold on—just…uh… I really think we should stick a pin in it. For right now.”
Oh hell yeah, Tony did exactly that, spreading his legs further, reaching down to expose his entrance. His heart beat fast with anticipation, and he clenched and unclenched his muscles a few times, took delight in the way Steve’s eyes settled over him hungrily at the display.
him breathe, but it was so hard. He really didn’t think he could take it anymore, and for an instant wondered if Steve was
“I’ll head to Tunisia immediately,” Vision announced as Rhodey helped Tony out of his seat. “If I find anything helpful, I will inform you immediately. Hopefully there will be something to lead me to them.”
Steve couldn’t focus on his painting though, and Tony couldn’t focus on his reading. The pages seemed to fly by in a blur, and he hardly absorbed a word, because every time Steve drew back to dip his brush in oil and sat forward again to place a stroke on the canvas, the massive cock stuffed up Tony’s ass would press against his prostate, and it took all of his brainpower not to let out a moan, or to push back into it. He had a game to win, after all. He was determined to make Steve break first, but goddamn, it was taking longer than he anticipated.
“Give me your hand,” Steve said then, and Tony did, watched the soldier’s face with rapt attention.
Tony did just so.
After a few seconds, Tony sighed, rubbed his temple. “Are you gonna tell us why you’re here, or are you gonna keep leaving your fingerprints all over my furniture?”
Something about being out in public really brought out the worst(best?) in him, as Steve had learned time and time again. Maybe it was because they had to be more careful outside of the safety of their estate, lest the paparazzi catch sight of them, or some local homophobes, or maybe it was because there were more people around for the brunet to intellectually terrorize. Maybe Tony just wanted Steve more when they were outside, because he couldn’t have him just then, and he counted the moments until he could. Maybe it was a combination of all of that which led his mind to dark and devious places, which gave him the confidence to give voice to his ideas, knowing that Steve wouldn’t be able to resist them. The blond wasn’t sure.
tired. They all were.
where to go from here! God dammit, the
Tony melted into his grasp, pressed himself closer, smiling softly. He smiled like Steve was the greatest thing he’d ever seen, and suddenly every bad thought, every problem, and even the risk of the promise they’d just made faded away. It felt so nice, being here. It was easy to forget his troubles, to pretend they didn’t exist. All that mattered was the two of them, together.
“You’re too good to me,” Steve replied, heart swelling. He dropped a kiss on the brunet’s shoulder.
Steve didn’t waste any time then, slipped his hand in Tony’s pants and freed his cock, and Tony did the same for him, and a rush of excitement went through him at feeling the familiar length. They didn’t have any lube so spit would have to do, so he got his hand good and wet, and Steve’s hand wrapped around his, to stroke them off together.
“You ready?” Steve asked on another thrust, and Tony nodded fervently.
Steve fucked into him at a moderate pace, long, deep strokes that had his back arching, hips wiggling, trying to get more, trying to chase those incredible moments where the blond’s fat cock would press against his prostate and chills would run through him. “Shit, yes, more…”
Tony didn’t want to be rude, so he followed suit, pushed his sneakers off by their heels. He almost lost his balance bending over to pick them up but took a deep breath, focused his vision and managed to put them at the door.
He let out a little breath, leaned down a fraction, and pressed his lips against Tony’s for the first time.
But just because he couldn’t
“I love you too,” the brunette replied when she finally drew back, and she brushed a hand through his hair lovingly, let her fingers sift through his golden bangs. Her beautiful brown eyes looked him over hungrily then, and a smirk formed on her lips.
Steve thanked God the brunet was able to get away from the situation, to call him. He damned every person at the party who had done nothing to help him.
“Fuck me, honey. Fuck your big knot into me,” he said, and
But apparently Tony had changed his mind, because this time, Steve was treated to something a little different than usual, something better.
His hands slid up her waist and back down, gripped her thighs where they were spread around his sides. The black silk of her lingerie was like heaven under his fingertips, smooth and luxurious, and her skin was warm, soft from the lotion she wore. One of his hands moved up and traced the line of the scientist’s body, from her supple breasts, made no less beautiful by the net of scars marring her cleavage, the glowing, circular device in their center, all the way down, and settled on the generous, thick curve of the dildo strapped to the harness she wore.
It also offered zero protection for his ass.
, T-Tony…!”
Steve kissed him softly then, sweetly, and it left Tony’s heart fluttering, filled him with an easy-going sense of joy that he only ever got from being with Steve. Nothing else could ever come close, he was sure. He loved it, loved that sense of euphoria. He loved how safe and perfect the soldier made him feel, like all of his problems just melted away in his company.
“You’re just about burning a hole in me there with your eyes,” Tony said after a while, lowering his book. “You gonna put out the fire you start too?” he joked.
Steve did just that. He reached around them, adjusted Tony’s blanket with his free hand, continued holding his hand with the other.
Tony on the other hand, had forgotten his umbrella that day. He’d taken a cab across town to go to the store, and unfortunately, didn’t seem to have any luck getting a cab for the way back. After waiting 15 minutes without reward, he’d opted to walk instead, hoping he wouldn’t get sick from being drenched.
“Steve,” he moaned, and Steve licked at him more fervently, his saliva dripping between his teeth, slicking up his overheated skin even further.
They normally didn’t go this far upstate, let alone do something as rustic as apple picking, but Steve was right. Tony wanted to see or do something a little out of the ordinary. He’d been in a little bit of a creative slump lately, struggling with his latest inventions, drafting and erasing and rewriting concepts so many times that they were piling up in the metaphorical recycle bin, so he thought an interruption in his schedule would do the trick, get his brain back on track.
it, think it was stupid or wasn’t good enough, just like Tony.
“So, have you thought of any names for your little bundle of joy?”
He expected Steve to have a good retort, but instead all he heard was a sharp, annoyed exhale, and suddenly Tony was being lifted off the bed, turned around, and his back was pressed against the pillows. Steve was on top of him, his cock still hanging out of his pants, already valiantly getting hard again, and Tony’s heart caught in his throat.
“Can’t wait for round two,” he sighed, and Steve growled out his enthusiastic agreement.
“How long is a while?” Steve asked after he’d gathered his thoughts, voice low.
Some of the abrasion between them the last few days melted away, and for a second, things felt normal again. The blond was thankful for it. When they dropped their hands he let out a little sigh, didn’t even try to hide his relief.
He did his best to avoid debates these days. After all they had been through, finding a compromise was much easier than he thought it could be. Steve loved what he had. He loved being with Tony, he loved being a father, and he loved moments like this, safe at home with his family. He didn’t want to lose any of that. Some days things were hard, and downright scary, and he often worried that things could fall apart again, but he did his best to make sure they wouldn’t. If anyone or anything threatened to take away his happiness, he’d fight for it tooth and nail.
Tony grinned victoriously at him, sat up and turned a little more to get a good look at him. “You up for a repeat sometime?”
fucking tired, and burning up in more ways than one, overwhelmed and pushed to his limit, truly, and he wanted nothing more than to be done, for the pain to go away, or to consume him entirely, or something. He wanted
in the way that would make the soldier’s cheeks go red. He played the sweet boy, and turned around and became sultry in mere seconds. He pressed himself against Steve at any opportunity, all but sat in his lap, and that was just because he didn’t want his dad finding out about his little crush, if he bothered to pay attention more than the five minutes it took to yell at Tony about something. Tony turned on the charm
God, he loved doing this. He loved Steve so damn much.
The Alpha knit his brows, determination settling in his bones.
his brain chanted.
He wrinkled his nose though, catching the smell of rubble, gunpowder and sweat, now that his brain was a little less preoccupied. “Besides, you kind of smell.”
, filling him inch by inch. It burned, it really did, not enough to truly hurt, but enough to leave Tony whimpering.
“I need to stretch you first,” Steve replied, and though Tony couldn’t see his face, he could hear the amusement in Steve’s tone. Of course he was enjoying this, the bastard. Steve thought it was perfectly fair to have Tony a shaking, begging mess now. After all, that was what he wanted all along, wasn’t it? He was just giving Tony exactly what he asked for.
Ross squared his shoulders, opened his mouth to speak again, but Tony cut him off.
. He had to play the long game this time, but Tony was determined to have his way.
Rhodey felt the same way. This meeting may have been over, but their troubles were far from it.
Steve leaned in close then, let his lips brush against the brunet’s. “Your mouth.”
‘Only if you love me back,’ Tony had said, and Steve wondered how he could even ask, even wonder. Of course Steve loved him back. He loved him so much it hurt. How could he not? Tony was beautiful, and smart, and so unique, a star among stars, and Steve would gladly spend his hours basking in his glow. But if he needed to hear it, out loud, to know the depths of the blond’s devotion, Steve would tell him so, every single day.
thoroughly, making him feel good and happy and loved. He wanted to show his appreciation for everything the brunet had done for the team lately, and he was doing just that, by
Rhodey couldn’t help but growl a little at that. God, he hated Ross. He hated everything about this, and he was starting to hate the Accords too. Tony deserved better than this. He deserved better than all he got, and Rhodey was getting damn sick of people treating him like a commodity, like a tool to be used. Now they wanted to do the same thing to Tony’s child, to Rhodey’s godson? He couldn’t stand that. Fuck, he hated it. It was only the respect for the chain of command which held him back now, kept him from doing anything rash. What he really wanted to do was beat the snot out of the Secretary, teach him and everyone else a lesson about messing with Tony.
, and Steve knew then that he could live a hundred years more and never deserve Tony Stark.
“How are you all holding up?” Tony asked, flipping idly through channels on the TV. He couldn’t seem to find something to capture his attention, anything to settle his mind, or his stomach, for a matter of fact, because he’d vomited not two hours ago. He definitely preferred the constant need to pee lately and odd food cravings to nausea. Hell, he preferred
Steve’d been looking forward to this a while. Regular sex was just as good, just as amazing, and hell, he loved just cuddling too, or just spending time with Tony in general, but there was something a little more special about it like this, and how accepting Tony was, how much he embraced this side of Steve, and they both loved it.
Still, no one felt safe right now. It’d already been an hour, and they hadn’t been discovered, but Sam wasn’t sure their luck would last. They had nothing but the clothes on their backs and the weapons in their hands; he didn’t even have a bandage for the gash on Natasha’s forehead. He did his best cleaning it off in the nearby river, and did the same for Steve’s burns.
“When I’m with you though, every day is different, and new, and I just… I don’t know. I’m just really glad I met you,” Steve admitted, voice soft.
“I know,” Tony replied, pressing a grateful kiss to his shoulder. “I don’t know how to thank you enough. I don’t deserve you,” he sighed.
, but his eyes…Tony would recognize those eyes anywhere, could feel them peering into his soul, into his very being.
He didn’t go to his room. No, that would be the first place someone would look for him. He went to Steve’s instead, curled up on one of the two chairs that were out on the balcony adjoining the room. Steve’s room was in a really good spot in the villa. It afforded him a glimpse of their massive garden and the blooming citrus trees below, but also let him see the ocean. Tony watched the waves rolling as he tried to get his body back under control. The moment he was out of Howard’s office, the shaking began, and the tears spilled out. His stomach was in knots and he felt too warm all over, an uncomfortable prickle of fear running down his spine, even now. His arm was sore, and so was his hip, but worst of all, he just felt plain awful, emotionally, and mentally.
, then none of this would have happened. He thought of his phone call with Tony a week and a half ago, how angry and hurt the brunet had sounded, the biting tone, the sharp reprimands, all well deserved. But he also thought about how Tony had said ‘I love you,’ even if it wasn’t said as freely as in the past. So Tony did still love him, right? Despite it all, he still loved Steve, wanted to
Steve really wanted to go there? He wanted to go back there, just for Tony’s jacket? He wanted to go there just for Tony? What else would he do there? Would he find the guys who’d cornered him, who’d touched him? What would he say to them? What would he
Tony thought about it, over and over again as the hours passed.
Steve asked again on the line, prompted by Tony’s crying, and his words. His voice was insistent, a little panicked, though he tried not to let it show in his tone.
He tried to keep his voice calm, even, but he could hear the concern in it, the low hiss of panic. He continued. “
had waited so long to admit it.
“Roger that. We’re on our way to the next target. Ironically, we’ve been led in a huge circle. Remember that facility in Italy that caught on fire?”
“It’s not my fault you’re hung like a horse!” the brunet snapped back, and let out a sharp whine as Steve pushed in further again. Tony opened up around him, had no choice really, Steve’s cock filling him up and spreading him wide like his ass belonged to it.
“Why didn’t you?” Steve asked, curiosity getting the better of him.
When he felt coherent enough, Tony let out a little laugh, and turned his head to capture Steve’s lips. The blond’s hands framed his waist once again, and he met Tony’s lips enthusiastically, actually smiled into the kiss a little, and they had to break.
The sound hit Steve harder than he expected, though he shouldn’t have been surprised. There was just—there was so much sensation, and slow building desperation after waiting so long for this, dreaming about it. It sent a flash of arousal through him, and that greedy little voice in the back of his mind wanted more, was
“Not yet,” Steve snarled in reply, and a few seconds later Tony could feel the flat of his tongue lap against his hole, light, a little teasing, but then more insistently, adamantly.
Tony squeezed his eyes shut. “I—I was—they started t-touching…they wanted to…” He couldn’t get the words out.
, I won’t waste it. I will do whatever you need,
His head still felt a little fuzzy, and the endorphins were rushing through him, and it felt like the world had melted down to just the two of them again, laying here together, sated and happy. It was an amazing feeling, which he’d never get sick of.
Rhodey was waiting on an answer, on permission maybe, to discuss the elephant in the room, and Tony had to grant it. “Okay,” he said softly, set his cutlery down on his plate. He exhaled through his nose, raised his head a little.
Steve straightened, ran his hands down Tony’s flanks.
“Yeah,” Tony said, and paused, grimaced a little. “I don’t really want to, but…”
“And the bakery,” Tony added.
Steve smiled at him, the love palpable in his blue eyes, and he nodded, pressed their sweaty foreheads together. “Name the time and place, sweetheart.”
He looked handsome, as always, commanded the room so to speak, even though they were outside. The sun was still shining, illuminating his face between the leaves, especially when he took his sunglasses off specifically to pinch the bridge of his nose in annoyance. He looked
“Push! Come on, keep pushing!” someone said.
“Y-you’re here,” he said.
God it hurt. It hurt so much, but Rhodey’s hands around his were firm and strong, and everyone was cheering him on all at once, and the pain peaked, truly peaked, and the midwife shouted something, and then the head was out.
insane to match.
By the time he whimpered out “Fourteen,” his ass was on fire and his cock hard and leaking in his pants. He had tried to grind down against the bed a few times already, to relieve the pressure, to get some sense of pleasure, but Steve wasn’t having it. He’d pinned Tony down with a firm hand on the small of his back, all dominant, all business as he spanked his bratty boyfriend.
, they’re helpful. They would do a lot more for the company, for the world, than making shit blow up ever could.”
Tony swallowed hard at that, nodded a little.
“I guess,” Tony said, and held out his hand for Steve to take. He intertwined their fingers, his arm curled around Steve’s so they were closer together. “As long as I get some pie out of this at the end of the night.”
“Tony…”
He didn’t really talk about how lonely he felt with others. He always kept his problems close to his chest, considered them his burden to bear. It was something Bucky had chastised him about when they were younger, and he hadn’t outgrown the habit. Tony made it easy to share his vulnerability though, to open up. He knew that the brunet would never betray his trust, and knew that Tony trusted him in return.
Eventually the blond managed to say something, but the words turned to mush in Tony’s ears. He felt soft, dazed, and utterly complete, eyes unfocused as they gazed up at the ceiling. “Hmm?” he asked, his skin tingling where Steve’s big hands ran down his side comfortingly.
Hey lovelies! Another chapter today!
The next morning, Tony woke up early and rebooted JARVIS and hacked into HYDRA database using his private Stark server. After a few minutes of finding he finally found the file that he was looking for. He immediately transferred it to JARVIS's database and burned the laptop a few feet away from his motel. Coming back to his room, he closed the curtain and switched on his server. "J, you up?" "
Okruzhayushchaya territoriya okhranyayetsya. Derzhat' ogon' - The surrounding area is guarded. Hold fire.
(See the end of the chapter for
8.kto ty? Otvet' mne, i ya ne budu strelyat' v tebya - Who are you? Answer me and I will not shoot you
(See the end of the chapter for
Sedation & Salvation
"Tony, I don't regret going under the sea, I don't regret missing almost 70 years of my life, if it brings me to you..."
She had a family and she will always will.
"For your next assignment, I want everyone to interpret the data on page twenty and form a frequency and the cumulative frequency tables and compare the data and come up with a conclusion" Mr. Tanner said as the bell rang, indicating the end of his fourth grade Maths class. The classroom groaned but nodded nonetheless as Mr. Tanner walked out and Mrs. Sylvia entered for their Science class. "Pssst." someone hissed at Scar's left ear but she ignored it as she was busy jotting down the homework for today. "Psst. Hey, Scar" Tony hissed again and Scar turned to look at him with an unimpressed look "What?" Tony then inched closer "Wanna sleepover tonight?" he asked and Scar sighed "Not today, Tones. I already have tones of homework and if I don't get them finished, my dad will literally skin me" she said with a shudder. Tony stared at her for a while as he thought again "How about...I come by and help you with your homework and
He wasn’t a stranger to headaches. He’d had them most of his life, and a lot of them, but it wasn’t until he got a little older that those annoying little headaches turned into migraines. The migraines didn’t happen too often, maybe one out of every fifteen headaches, but were bad enough to put him out for the count, despite the preventative medication he took. As if his body didn’t punish him enough on the daily.
Tony still couldn’t believe all of it had happened though, that he was here right now, in Steve’s car in the middle of the night, head swimming, trying to hold himself together. It seemed surreal, and not necessarily in a good way. It was jarring and scary and had all happened so quickly, and he had just been along for the ride.
“We’re both
, gorgeous posterior, he couldn’t be blamed.
“Turn around,” he said, and scooted back an inch or two as best he could without falling off the bed.
“I know,” Tony said, his heart warm and full. “I know.”
with him so much, could hardly ever keep his hands off of him. He took any opportunity to touch Tony, in any fashion, and the bedroom was no exception. They didn’t always have time for something like today, but damn did he love when they did.
And if they were caught now? If Ross got his wish, snatched them up and branded them as criminals, dispensed justice? How could Steve look Tony in the eyes, from the opposite side of a prison cell, knowing that he had led them all to this?
Tony reached out to grab the blanket, let it pool across his waist. He grabbed the water bottle too, muttered his thanks and cracked it open, took a long swig as the blond set the other objects down on the coffee table. Tony took a few more sips, let out a sigh and put the bottle on the table. He’d definitely needed that.
“I had planned on doing it a little differently than this, but when does anything ever go according to plan for me?” Tony replied.
“Yeah, yeah,” Steve said, and pressed a final kiss to the top of the brunet’s head. He rubbed Tony’s back for a second, and shuffled back off the bed. “Take your nap, you evil genius.”
“Oh my god…” Steve whispered.
The Alpha didn’t even have words for how the sight made him feel. Sometimes, looking at the two of them, his heart felt so full he thought it would burst. The life he had now, a family life, was one he never knew he wanted, or needed, but one he couldn’t imagine himself without anymore. He loved Steve and Peter more than anything in the world.
“Yeah,” Tony replied, slipping his hands out of Steve’s in favor of running them up the blond’s sides, curving around to trace his abs, the ridges of muscle there, not as well defined simply because he was relaxed instead of flexing, the muscle pulled taught, but still impressive, beautiful, like every inch of Steve’s body.
So that was it then. He
Ross continued. “We want to send in the Vision. I’m sure if there’s anything we missed, he’ll be able to pick it up.”
Tony still got the sense that Steve was mad at him. He got the sense that
The pleasure rushed up and down his body, had him whining softly as it rolled through him. Steve’s brows were knit with it, his face flushed. He came long and hard, with slow thrusts, riding it out, and a trail of his spend slid out of his partner when he withdrew, rolled over to Tony’s side.
Steve set the drinks and bag down on the coffee table in front of Tony. He took off his jacket and shoes next, put them in their proper place.
Tony internally apologized to Steve and then got out of the car and ran to the black handbag. He took the bag and went bag to his car and drove back to Stark Towers. Reaching Stark Towers, Tony quietly crept to the back entrance which connects to the private elevator that goes to two places, one being his penthouse and one is his lab. Tony didn’t build a lab back in the compound so that he could have more time to spend with his family.
"We broke up after high school" he said, even though the break up was mutual but it still pinched his heart "Oh. What happened?" Tony asked "She wanted to move back to England but I refused to give up my dream so we split." "Where are you going?" "Pratt Institute, you?" "I think my hoodie is kinda obvious, MIT" both of them sat in silence before Tony finished his pie and coffee and stood up "Well, it was nice to meet you, Steve. Hope we'll see each other soon" Tony extended his hands and Steve shook it. Watching Tony walk out of the cafe was like losing him for the second time after elementary school. He was walking towards the back kitchen when Tony called his name "Steve!" and he looked up "Yeah, Tony?" "You...wanna come join me to visit Scar?" Steve's heart fluttered "Of course, Tony" and he dashed out of the cafe, Tony giggling behind him.
Rzhavyy - Rusted
"Hey, Scar..how are you? Hope heaven treats you right cause you deserve the best. Guess who I brought with me today? Steve, Steve Rogers. The guy you absolutely hatted back in school" Tony laughed as Steve pouted "Well, we're okay, for now...I mean holding grudges weren't really our thing was it? So I forgave him. Gosh, I miss you so much Scar, there's not one day without me crying my heart out when you died that day, and it will always be burned in my mind. That's all today, hope you're doing well and see ya soon..bye.love you" Tony ended a whisper and laid the roses in front of the tomb stone. Steve brushed his fingers against the tomb stone before following Tony as they walked around the park nearby the graveyard. Tony looked at his watch "So-" "I'm sorry." Steve suddenly said and Tony turned to look at him "Sorry?" "I said I'm sorry, for the way I behaved back when we were ten" "Steve, that wa-" "No, Tony I really want to explain, if I don't I'll wallow in my misery for the rest of my life" Tony remained silent and rotated his hand, motioning for him to continue "What happened was that I panicked, I chickened out. What I thought was friendship I was feeling for you, was actually attraction and I couldn't control myself. Then anxiety came over me and I thought that you were a straight person so you'd see me like a weird person, that's why I bailed, dated Peggy, to make myself normal" Steve ended with a deep breath. Tony looked at him like Steve grew a second head "So...what you're telling me is that you stopped talking to me because you had sexuality problem? Which could have been solved if we talked, like real friends" Tony crossed his arms and tapped his feet to the ground. Steve nodded "I just...I really like you-" "Steve, don't say things that you don't mean" "What?! Tony I mean it! I can swear upon Scar's grave that even when I was with Peggy I still missed you..." Tony looked at him and they both inched closer.
" JARVIS replied.
is the other thought that comes in his mind and he snuggles further into the human- he doesn't know her name, was it Ahana? Whatever -thus, his human.
, I came here for the dog but what a suprise when I saw your wife, and I was like, why not both?" she taunts and Bucky grits his teeth. "
Back at the Avengers compound, “Earlier this evening, there has been a devastating terrorist attack at the iconic New York landmark, Stark Towers. Almost all of the SI employees are safe and the number of causalities are at a low rate of 13 people and zero fatality. Stark Industries, CEO Riri Williams was interviewed regarding the matter and it seems she has no idea about a terrorist warning. It was also said that the former CEO and the owner of Stark Industries, Tony Stark was seen to be entering the back entrance of the tower which leads to his private penthouse. Since the missile is speculated to be planted at his penthouse level, its still a mystery that the body of Tony Stark is unidentified.” The Avengers stood stunned around the TV. Steve was on the sofa with his eyes closed. Steve woke up from the sofa and rushed to his bike at the garage ignoring his teammates calling after him.
7.za eto ty dolzhen umeret'! - for that you must die!
Tsel' zablokirovana. Podozhdi moi instruktsii - Target locked. Wait for my instructions
A potom .... ty skazal Tashe na menya, ty skazal mne eto imya, kak budto ono moye, kotoroye zastalo menya vrasplokh. - And then .... you said Tasha at me, you told me that name, as if it was mine, which took me by surprise.
"I'm going to sleep now, babe...take care of yourself..." and slowly Tony drifted off to a deep long slumber. Two, three deep breaths later, Tony stopped breathing and Steve let go, crying holding Tony's immobile body "Goodnight and goodbye, sweetheart...thanks for everything.." Steve whispered into Tony's temple and the boys hugged their father one last time. The funeral was held with only the close friends and families, buried beside Tony's best friend Scar, Steve hoped that they would be together in their afterlife, everyone saying their favorite memory of Tony. Steve then drove the boys back and then retreated to the bedroom where once there was two, now only one.
click
Ahana enters into their room and sees her husband in nothing but a tight black boxer, lazing around in bed. He turns to look at her as she locks the door and starts undressing herself, the scars on her back barely seen. Ahana could feel her husbands eyes on her and she smirks "Like what you see?" she taunts and her husbands hums "Very" he growls and Ahana chuckles. Half naked in only in her bra and panties, Ahana crawls to the bed and immediately snuggles into her husband, sighing in pleasure. Bucky then starts kissing down her neck while his hands roam all over her body. His right hand travels to the base of her skull and gently tugs her hair, exposing more of her neck for him to work on, while his left travels along the valley between her breasts as he circles her nipples with his forefinger. Ahana moans and whimpers as Bucky bites her neck, sucking on the skin until its red and then continues to down the neck. His left hand dips into her bra and rolls her nipples between his thumb and forefinger and Ahana arches beautifully. "Beautiful..." Bucky whispers into her skin as she pleads for him "Please..Bucky..Baby...More" she whispers and moans.
Not as angsty as I thought it would be but, it's like the starting of the angst-o-rama, kinda, I'm still figuring out.
Hi y'all!
Semnadtsat - Seventeen
"You need more, baby boy?" his human asks, a loving hand through his fur and Tony whines- bacon aside, he's huge! Some raw meat should do it -and his human chuckles before ordering it to the voice above. His human's hand is still in his fur as the other humans come to the kitchen for breakfast and the table is soon packed with humans and voices. Still hungry, Tony ignores all the voices and rests his head on his human's lap and closes his eyes, waiting for his raw meat cuisine.
” “Access the file and scan for it’s database. Project it.” “
Tony barely had any time to call for his suit when he heard someone pulling a trigger right behind his head and a knife was shoved near his throat. Steve launched forward when Bucky pulled him back again "
Love, Vithya <3
Hai.. promesso.. di.. essere.. lì.., non.. importa.. cosa.. sia.. successo - You .. promised .. of .. being .. there .., no ... matter .. what .. happened
Devyat - Nine
” JARVIS started scanning the handbag and Tony silently thanked him with a smile. “
Warning - Mentions of torture
"Tony!" someone from behind shrieked his name and he turned to his back colliding with the person. Tony fell back onto the ground with a small 'oomph' before he opened his eyes and saw his childhood friend sprawled on top of him with a big goofy smile. "Scar!" Tony immediately scrambled off the ground with her help and hugged her tight, bag and all. He shoved his face into her neck and took a deep breath, her usual strawberry body wash scent calming him instantly. They then pulled away and Tony looked up and saw Mrs. Maximoff standing behind Scarlett with a black and red schoolbag and a brown paper bag, smiling at him. "Morning, Mrs. Maximoff" Tony greeted and she ruffled his hair before handing the paper bag towards him and Tony looked at Scarlett for help. Scarlett giggled "It's our favorite blueberry pie from the bakery two blocks down our preschool" she explained with a glee. Tony's eyes widened and took the bag, wishing Scarlett's mother thank you, and peered into it, there sat, two slice of the delicious blueberry pie, still hot from the oven.
Tony slowly awoke the next morning, sun rays shining from the floor-to-ceiling window panes and light chirps from the birds outside. Tony blinked a few times to remove the excess sleep staggering in his eyes and snuggled deeper into the blanket to enjoy the morning. It was a very rare thing that Tony get to enjoy the Earth slowly coming alive, constantly plunged by nightmares or arm deep on a project for SI and the Avengers. Today however, he was lucky enough to not be waking up to the blaring of the Avengers alarm but to the sounds and sights of the early morning of New York. The arm tightened around his arms and soft and warm kisses were planted on his neck and shoulders. "Morning, sweetheart" Steve greeted him with his sleepy voice, deep and cracked at the edges of the sentence that made it more sexy. "Morning, babe" Tony answered back while rolling around the arm to face his husband. Sleep soft with an adorable bedhead is the Steve only Tony get to see "Keep using that voice, and I might consider a morning sex" Tony quipped. That made Steve fully wake up from his slumber with a mischievous eyes and a smirk. Long, thick fingers traced Tony's spine until it reached the curve of his ass. Tony shivered but stopped Steve's wondering hand. "I said I'll consider, I didn't say I wanted it." Tony mock scolded him. Steve pouted but Tony firmly shook his head. "Still sore babe, not everyone has fast refractive period like you." Tony leaned up to kiss Steve in apology and Steve willingly opened his mouth in a sigh and let Tony explore his mouth with his clever tongue. Pulling away, Steve asked Tony "So, what's your agenda today?" while still tracing Tony's forearm with his fingers. "Actually...." Tony slowly started but stopped. "Sweetheart? What's wrong?" Steve asked but Tony remained silent. Tony squirmed against Steve, but Steve knew his husband in and out so he remained silent until Tony sighed and continued "Actually, I was thinking that it's time for my twin sister to meet my family." Tony finished and looked at Steve expectantly. "You mean, you want to go see Tasha's grave together...?" Steve asked and Tony started rambling "It's stupid, why do I have to come up with this kind of ideas, I just ruined our mode, It's okay if you say no-" Steve kissed him quiet "It's an awesome plan, babe. I actually wanted to ask you that yesterday but it was too early. Of course we can go visit her grave, she's family too, Tones. So, let's get ready and inform the team!"
Exactly half an hour later, the Stark duo descended from their floors and walked towards the hall. Bucky and Steve looked at their respective better half and literally drooled. Tasha was wearing a
Brainwashed truth and Heartbrakes
Kakim-to obrazom mne prishlos' sygrat', kak eto sdelal Obi, ya govoril po-angliyski, zamenil Obi na menya! - Somehow I had to play, as Obi so, I spoke English, replaced Obi with me
Tony internally screamed at himself.He closed his eyes and took a deep breath commanding his heart to beat normally and opened it back. " Fri, what's the time ?" Tony asked with a quivering voice. "Time is 8.52 in the morning with a slightly cloudy weather, boss" FRIDAY smoothly chimed from the ceiling.
Tony is on his third piece of bacon, when the brunette human, that slept with his human, comes to the kitchen and immediately ruffles his fur. Tony snarls a little- he slept with HIS human! HIS! -but remains seated near his breakfast. The brunette human rolls hie eyes and steals a piece of bacon from the blond human. "Buck!" the blond human hits his hands with the spoon? large spoon? in his hand and someone laughs at the back.Tony lifts his head and sees his human and she comes near him and kneels infront of him, strokes his fur and kisses the top of his head "Morning, baby boy" she whispers before she goes back to the two humans near the stove. The brunette human scoffs "Hmph, know the big lug gets all the kisses. And what I get? Dog saliva kisses" he pouts and his human snorts "You want me to give those to someone else?" she asks with a raised eyebrow and Bucky whines before settling with a pout but his human kisses the pout away and the brunette smiles again.
Hope you enjoyed, toodles!
During recess, Tony was walking to the library when someone crash landed on top of him. "Ooff! Hey wa- Oh hey Steve! Where are you rushing to?" Tony asked as he got up from the floor, Steve giving him a hand to stand up. "I was actually coming to find you" Steve answered as the boys were busy picking up Tony's fallen book "Oh. Anything important?" Tony asked as his books were all in his hands and he dusted himself before looking at Steve with a raised eyebrow "Actually, I wanted your help in Maths, me and Buck actually, if your free that is" Steve asked shyly and Tony bit his lips thinking through "Actually....Scar and I were just talking about that, we wanted to sleepover to finish our work, if it's okay for you and Buck, come join us! The more the merrier!" Tony said and Steve immediately nodded "Great! I'll talk to Buck and I'll tell ya during end period." Steve said and scrambled away as Tony headed to the library to return the books he borrowed.
” “Tony? Oh god Tony, I’m so sorry I just wanted you to be safe-“ “Hey, sweetheart relax, I’m not mad…it’s just the heat at the moment you know…I’m not mad at all. How are the kids? Dodger and Figgy okay?” “They are fine Tony…where are you? Everyone misses you like a limb here and we couldn’t track you with FRIDAY” “I….I’m at Stark Towers…” “Why? Why are you there?” “Sorry Steve but I have to do this on my own…I…I need to find Tasha” “Then let me help you, please” “You saw what happened at the graveyard, Steve…one wrong move and I’m going to lose her again” “I just wanted you to be safe…she…she had a gun right at your head..and I…I could have lost you…” “And that is exactly why I need to do this alone. No matter how I approach her, she’s gonna point the gun at my head but she is my sister and I’m a genius, I’ll find a way, Steve, you have to trust me in this..” Steve stayed silent for a while then “Fine. But the minute I sense you’re in danger, we’re coming for you and if it means taking down Tasha, then we’ll not hesitate to do that.” “Deal. Now actually, I wanted to speak to Barnes. Can you give it to him?” “Tony.” “Barnes. Hey, I need a few informations outta you, first of all do you know Tasha?” “Yup. Met her at the facility.” “How…close were both of you?” “Quite close, best friends I suppose.” “Do you know about Extremis?” “Yeah, kinda, after the super soldier serum ran out, some guy named Hammer came and saw Zola. Said he wanted to perfect the Extremis serum. Zola perfected it and took advantage of it. Double crossed Hammer and injected it to the next set of assets. Tasha was one of the first ones” “And what body part did Tasha was missing?” “Her chest was covered in glass pieces and doctors tried to take it out but failed so kinda stuffed a metal case surrounding the heart to prevent the glass from piercing her heart. Extremis regenerated her skin so the new skin grew on top of the glass pieces, enveloping it, and she didn’t need the metal case. Full of scars after the surgery” Tony closed his eyes and took a deep breath “Thanks Barnes, pass the phone back to- Barnes? Hello? J, what’s wrong with our communication?” JARVIS was eerily silent. “J, JARVIS!” Tony scrambled to the lab to only find that the door was locked. “Hey! Open up!” suddenly the flat screen in his room turned on “
" " Then why here? Why couldn't you fly us to Washington?" "Seeing as the current bombing at New York and Miss Stark's latest location, this area is the safest for you to investigate." "Who is the smartest one here, J?" "
After a nice bubble bath, Tony put on his silk bathrobe and laid down in his bed. “J, patch me up with Steve.” “
Love, Vithya <3
Ahana slowly succumbs to sleep as she feels Bucky's lips on her head and a whispered "I love you" to her ear and she closes her eyes, sleeping fitfully after a very long time.
"You’ve given me a reason to succeed, a reason to better myself, a reason build and keep relationships..."
” JARVIS asked with an amused voice. Tony looked up with a soft smile “Just like the olden days. And, yes, this is kinda secret, I..I’m finding for my sister, J. I saw her at the graveyard today.” Tony said. “
Reaching the compound, the guard, Stan, opens the gate and gives them a salute before she drives off and parks at her place. Ahana gets off the car and Bucky carries the wolf to their shared room and gently drops the wolf into the bathtub. The wolf shakes his fur and looks at her and Ahana chuckles at him "I know, this is mine and Bucky's room and you're now in the compound, a place where my friends are and it's home" she says as she turns the hand shower on and tests the temperature, a nice hot water. "FRI?" "Yes, Miss Stark? How may I help you?" FRIDAY speaks and the wolf growls and Ahana puts her hand on her head and strokes him "Shh, it's okay. It's just the A.I on the ceiling, don't worry" she soothes and the wolf calms and lays his head on the lip of the tub. "FRI, can you order those organic dog shampoo?" "Any specifics?" "Uhh, something that can disinfect  and also keep his fur soft?" "Noted, the shampoo will be delivered to your room, Miss" "Thanks, babygirl" and Ahana slowly let's the hot water cascade through the wolf's fur, the blood on his fur rinsing off, the fur pearly white.
” “Son of a bitch. J, keep trying and keep me posted, I’ll be at the penthouse. Shower and a talk to a very special super soldier is on the line.” “
Everything happened in slow motion, one minute he was walking towards the elevator to get his armor and another a missile drops in his penthouse floor. Tony flew and hit his back against the the window pane and the glass shattered and Tony plunged into the sea “JARVIS! Deploy Mark 42!” and immediately Mark 42 came flying and encased him but since it was a test model, the thrusters wouldn’t work and Tony kept falling and dived into deep water. “JARVIS, power up the thrusters at maximum! Power up! Turn it back on! Water is flowing! Thrusters!” Tony was hyperventilating but JARVIS smoothly calmed him “
Tony slumped against the chair he has been sitting. Adrenaline subsiding in his body and joy rippling through. He got his sister back. Everything was gonna be alright...right?
"We raised them good, didn't we.." Tony said as he watched the boys hug before going in different direction, as he rested his cheeks against Steve's shoulders and sighed. Another pair of arms enveloped both of them and Tony and Steve turned around to look at Scar giving them a kiss to each of their foreheads before dragging them away for their lunch.
The wolf sniffs her palms and finally buts his head to her palm, nuzzling into it. Ahana chuckles and then slowly slides her hand across the wolf's blood-matted fur. "What on earth happened to you, baby boy?" she whispers and the wolf, suprisingly, whines to her question and Ahana huffs. "And your a smart one, huh?" she teases and the wolf manages an eyeroll and lays his head on her lap, his breathing laboured. She skims her fingertips lightly on his injured hind leg and winces "Took a bad fall, baby boy?" she asks and the wolf huffs and Ahana hums sympathetically, continues to pet the fur, thinking what she should do next. "We need a doctor-" she says when the wolf snaps his head and growls at her, his sharp teeth baring at her. Ahana backs up and her back hits the chair at the back "Okay, okay, sorry, baby boy. But I'm not a doctor and is we don't treat that" she says pointing to its injured leg "It might infect and harm you" she placates and the wolf lowers his head whines. Ahana chuckles and scoots forwardand gently places the wolf's head on her lap. She soothingly strokes his head "I..I have this friend, well he's more my brother's friend but, yeah, he's a doctor-" the wolf snarls warningly but Ahana shushes him :"relax, he isn't those cynical ones, he's actually quite nice. What do you say, I call him up and let him patch you up and we'll send him back right away, just for the leg, nothing more, nothing less" she offers and after a long time the wolf nuzzles her lap and whines.
" "Yeah, might as well....oh come on! Now I have to carry you?! Great, best fucking safety trip." Tony muttered to himself. "
" Tasha asked but before Tony got the chance to answer the Avengers were back on their feet and Tasha had no choice but to shoot at Tony's shoulder and flee from the spot. Steve rushed at Tony's side and started gathering him in his arms but Tony pushed him back forcefully. "Tony...?" Steve asked. "She...she was there and now she's gone....I told you, screamed and pleaded to let her go...I wanted her to come to me so that I can knock her out with my armour and I could have saved her...but you" Tony pointed at Steve "You ruined that chance....my only chance to get my sister back-" but Steve interjected "But Tony how do you know it's Tasha, she could have bee-" Tony voiced over him "BECAUSE SHE IS MY FUCKING SISTER! ONLY I KNOW ABOUT HER SCAR ON THE FACE! YOU KNEW IT WAS BUCKY THE MINUTE HE TURNED TO YOU BUT THAT'S NOT IN MY CASE?! I'M NOT AN IDIOT ROGERS!" Steve shuddered at the use of his last name and Tony woke up and stomped back to the compound.
" Bucky tried with his hands up in surrender. "
Tony’s inner thought cut off when his eyes narrowed down on a black handbag near Tasha’s tombstone. Tony waited in the car until the rest of the Avengers went back home in their cars with Steve following Bucky back home.
this was the only thing ran in Steve's mind
P.P.S - The
...If only she could tell herself that
Enjoy!
Enjoy!
Reaching the kitchen, Tony started hearing muffled voices from said place.
Flashbacks & Findings
In the end, Steve and Bucky agreed and the four of them were gathered in Tony's room, finishing their homework. Scar was sitting crossed leg with her Math book on her right thigh jotting down the answers, Steve was to her right sprawled on his front with a pencil gnawed between his teeth and Bucky on her left also crossed leg and listening intently as Tony was going around the group, explaining the mathematical solutions. "So, the cumulative frequency is when you take the top number and move it to the 'C.F' column. Then, take that number and add the number below it in the 'Frequency' column and then repeat it." Tony explained while going through each of them one by one. "So, how about the conclusion? What do we do?" Steve asked "The cumulative frequency is the number of occurrence of the frequency that we jotted down, that's what we write at the conclusion column" and within two hours, the quad finished all their homework and were now spread out near the LCD in Tony's room "So, what are we watching?" Tony asked crawling towards the basket which had the DVDs in it. "Inception is a good movie" Bucky said while munching the bowl of popcorns on his lap and the others nodded "So, Inception it is!"
"Tasha,  you’ve taught me the importance of family and helped me make amends with mine. I no longer feel like at any second the roller coaster I’m riding is going to plunge to the bottom or that my world is going to fall apart… you are my world. You are my best friend, the one person I can’t imagine living without, the absolute love of my life, in my heart my soul mate and to everyone else my girlfriend."
"Just..seeing you holding the baby, cooing at the baby just...I don't know just...if there was a medical miracle, ugh!" Steve grumbled and slumped his shoulder against Tony's shoulder. Tony ran his fingers through his hair "Unfortunately, there is no way I can get pregnant but..we can adopt though" Steve looked up at Tony with a glint of hope "Really?" "Really, really" they stared at each other before bursting out laughing. A baby it is.
"Hey, baby boy...you okay?" she asks softly and her wolf whimpers but rolls over and Ahana checks him over but no injury and Ahana sighs, her head woozy from the blood and her eyes slowly as she slides to her side and passes out, armor and everything.
4.Dzheyms? - James?
click
Bucky huffed a laughter and Tasha looked up from her studies with an amused smile and a quizzical look but Bucky shook his head but leaned forward and pecked her forehead. Tasha fondly smiled at him before returning to her file. Two soft padding sound was heard from the corridor and Steve and Tony emerged from the archway, whispering to each other and giggling quietly. Steve looked up and saw Bucky "Hey Buc-" Bucky cut him off with a shushing motion and pointed his thumb at Tasha, who was currently hunched over her notes. Steve nodded his head and herded Tony towards the coffee machine to make their breakfast. Two plates of eggs and bacon and two mugs of coffee for each of them, Steve and Tony settled themselves at the island counter, Steve beside Bucky and Tony beside Tasha. Tony devoured his food while also listening to Tasha's conversation. "Once the genes had been delivered, the team will be able to activate or inhibit neurons, depending on the type of DREADD being expressed in the cells, by injecting the mice with CNO. In a proof-of-concept assay, the researchers used the technique to selectively inhibit neurons in the hippocampus, temporarily blocking the animals’ ability to form memories of a painful stimulus." Tasha nodded a few times before continuing "This method is reversible, actually. You can administer a drug to turn off neural cells of interest, but, with time, those cells will turn back on." Tasha nodded a few more times before a smile started growing on her face before air pumping her fist in the air "And we have a deal! Thank you so much for your time, Mr.Scott. I'll arrange our next meeting in a week from now to sign our confirmation. Yes, thank you very much" Tasha finished and tapped her earpiece off and took it off before settling it on the counter. She looked up to face three quizzical looks from Tony, Steve and Bucky "Well, you can say hola to the newest technology to recover from personal trauma without needing any medication at our very own Stark Industries!" Tasha announced with open arms. Tony beamed and hugged her tight before Bucky and Steve followed suit. Returning to their seats Bucky was the first one to speak up "I'm really proud of you, doll. I told ya, you'll come up!" Steve continued "Congrats, babe! You deserve this!" the four of them finished their breakfast before the rest of the team filled up the kitchen, cheering for Tasha for her new achievement. Cleaning her bowl, she looked at the clock "Shit! Tones, we have around an hour before Pep comes here with her murder glare to herd us off to your presentation at M.I.T" Tasha said from the sink. Tony cursed under her breath before inhaling his coffee and shoving the last bits of the eggs before dropping them in the sink and gushing Tasha to go and get ready, him following suit, right after giving Steve a long passionate kiss.
Steve's eyes slowly blinked open, adjusting to the morning sunshine. He took a deep breath and enjoyed the peace and quiet of the compound. It was still a little to early for the rest of the team to be awake and he enjoyed the scenery from his bedroom. A soft smile bloomed on his face, memories of his dreams flooding in his mind and his grip on his husband tightened. Tony shifted in his arms, grumbling but fell back to deep sleep. That was 10 years ago, since then their marriage faced so much turmoil, that Steve was suprised that they came so far. If all the fights, screaming, and the almost filled divorce lead up to this? Then Steve would gladly go through it again. Steve's eyes widened at an idea. It was almost more than a decade since he and Tony got married and they were always planning to renew their vows and now, now Steve wanted to do it properly, proposal and all. So Steve, made himself comfortable on the bed and started planning for the big thing.
Rassvet - Daybreak
Halfway to Stark Industries, her phone rings and she takes a peek at her phone and sees her husband's name on the caller id. Ahana smiles adoringly before connecting her phone to the car's bluetooth and answers the call. "Hey, husband of mine" she coos sweetly and Bucky chuckles at the other end "Morning, wife of mine. Missed you this morning.:" he says and Ahana hums apologetically "I'm sorry, babe. I had a call for an early meeting and I had to go. Investors meeting, I miss one and the whole building will come crumbling down" she jokes "Don't sell yourself short, doll. You're doing great...he'd be proud of you, ya know?" he softly says and Ahana's eyes water "Yeah, yeah..he'd be proud" her voice cracks "Today's the day....isn't it?" he asks softly and Ahana hums. The car is silent as she parks her car in her designated parking and turns her engine off, sighing heavily and leaning back on her seat, eyes closed. "Sweet thing?" Bucky calls and Ahana hums again "I just really miss him...like I keep thinking that, maybe I didn't give up easily, maybe he would be still alive-" " Sweet thing, don't even go there. You did not kill your brother! We checked every nook and cranny and we couldn't find him, so it's not your fault, never was" Bucky says sternly and Ahana hums before taking a deep breath and fixing her hair "Kayh, babe. I'm late and I have to go, I'll call you when I finish work." "Kayh, love you" "Love you, more" she says and ends her call.
Steve was starting to wallow in his own misery before he was interrupted by a tapping on his desk and he looked up to Bucky with a raised eyebrow, Steve shook his head "What?" Steve asked nonchalantly "Scar and Tony invited us to go for the new movie at the nearby theatre" Bucky said hefting his bag higher on his back "What movie?" Steve asked "How to train your dragon, Scar insisted she wanted to go, ya comin' ?" Bucky asked again and Steve's anxiety spiked up again "Nah, ma asked me to be home early, said she wanted to talk about something, but you guys enjoy" Steve said and hurried away quickly, leaving behind a very confused Bucky.
The first thing Tony wakes up to is fingers running through his fur and he stiffens immediately. The hand stops but a whisper follows it, soothing and calm, the fingers scratching behind his ears.
"Now, now" Jarvis soothed, bringing him back into an embrace and rubbing his back with his left hand while his right was on a quest inside his suit pocket, looking for a handkerchief. "I-I d-don't wanna g-go th-there!" Tony said against his clothed shoulder while Jarvis shushed him gently "But Anthony, you have to go" Jarvis tried again while pulling away and wiping Tony's face "B-but why?" Tony asked again and his lips started to wobble and Jarvis brushed a few stray tears with the pad of his thumb "Because, gong there, you can learn a lot of things! And make new friends!" Jarvis placated Tony but Tony huffed and crossed his arms staring at Jarvis's eyes "But I know everything already!" Tony protested with a pout and Jarvis huffed a laughter "Yes, I know my dear Anthony but going there you can learn
is what he thinks and he opens his eyes and meets another set of chocolate-brown eyes, staring down at him, gaze full of love.
Later, the whole team were gathered at the kitchen eating their respective breakfasts. "Tash, we need to hurry, those assholes aren't gonna wait to eat us alive during the conference" Tony announced finishing his breakfast "Ugh! Those bald headed scumbags, just because I'm a lady they play with my ideas!" Tasha dropped her fork and facepalmed herself. "Why? What happened?" Steve asked "Remember the new division I wanted to form, the Genetic Engineering team? It seems that it won't make the cut since the idea was to childish, and it could have came from anyone" Tasha grumbled "That's outrageous! You're fucking smart, they don't deserve your brain." Bucky replied gruffly "I know, it's just..I have the experience first hand, with Hydra and all so I..I wanna help the rest of the soldiers who was a victim of that project" Tasha said with a visible shiver. Bucky rubbed her back soothingly "That's why I'm bringing in Tones, with his input, maybe I'l make it through." Tasha said while waking up from her seat and dumping her dishes on the sink and walking towards her room to bring her documents. Once Tony and Tasha left for their conference, the rest of the team scurried off to do their jobs, which left Bucky and Steve alone in the kitchen. The two sat in silence before Bucky took a deep breath and turned to Steve "Steve-" at the same time Steve said "Bucky-" and both of them stared at each other before bursting out laughing. "You first, Buck" "I..I'm going to propose Tasha.." Steve's eyes widened before pulling Bucky into a tight embrace, pulling away "That's great, Buck! I..I'm happy for you, really am" "Yeah, I think it's time to settle down, have kids and enjoy our lives, ya know, after Tasha's whole Hydra debacle and mine..we deserve it" Steve smiled and nodded before fidgeting in his seat, looking at his state Bucky's grin turned into a full smirk "What's going in your mind, punk?" "Its just...Tony and I were thinkin' about renewing our vows, and since he proposed me the first time, so this time I wanna do it" Bucky patted his shoulder before snapping his finger as an idea popped into his mind "Why don't we do it together? I mean, the Brooklyn brothers proposing the Stark twins! Woah! That's an awesome title!" Bucky exclaimed while Steve shook his head in amusement. "I..I was actually gonna ask Tones to make the ring, it'll be better than buying it from some random shop" Steve nodded but his mind was somewhere else,
” “But isn’t he dead? I mean he doesn’t have the serum like Steve but-” “
. See, she was 3 minutes older to me and always used that card on me when she wanted me to do something usually to put me to bed." Tony said with a light smile. "That sounds like your twin alright" Rhodey teased. Tony mock glared at him but continued "It was annoying, sometimes, but it was a barrier when it came to Howard. She saved me, multiple times. Even though we were twins, physically we were quite different. While I had brown eyes and brown curly hair with light olive skin, she had piercing blue eyes and jet black straight hair and tanned olive skin. She was 2 to 3 inches taller than me and was an exact opposite of kid me. While I was this shy, withdrawn and quiet kid she was the brave, outgoing and fierce type. But Howard didn't like that that she took the trait and not me. She gave zero bullshit to anyone who dared to hurt me, even Howard. She understood English but only spoke in Italian, she said it was easier to flip off Howard like that, since he doesn't understand the language" Tony said with a quiet giggle. His family laughed together with him "Other than that, our interest were the same, Engineering, mechanics and all those shenanigans. She was the first person I came out to when I was twelve. I was so scared that she will find me disgusting that I cried when I told her that I was bisexual, afraid she would hate me. But she immediately gathered me up in her arms and rocked us back and forth shushing me, she said that she was proud of me and she will always support me no matter what and she said and let me quote 'You could be gay, lesbian, bisexual, pansexual, asexual or transgender, heck, you could even be an alien for all I know and I'll love you the exact same, maybe even more' and ruffled my hair and kissed my forehead." Tony said. "Aww, she's sweet." Sam said from behind Bucky. "She was, the sweetest I know..." Tony said.
Warnings- Contains badly described smut (stevextony)
Italian >
That night, Steve carried Tony to their bedroom and made love, slowly, passionately. Soft touches, whispered endearments were passed between the two souls. Steve kept praising Tony on how brave he was to come out to the family and reassured him that he is there with him and so is his family. "I love you, sweetheart..." Steve whispered into Tony's ears when both of them reached their climaxes. Tony slumped back into the mattress in a heap of tears and chocked gasps, too overwhelmed at the amount of love from his husband and his family. Steve slowly pulled out of Tony and settled beside him, gathered him in his arms and shushed him back and forth whispering sweet nothings in his ears. After a few minutes, Steve planted a kiss on Tony's head and slid off of the bed and padded to their bathroom to retrieve a damp washcloth and went back into the room. Steve took a few minutes standing at the frame of the bathroom door to just admire his husband on the bed. Olive skin a contrast to the milk-white sheets of their bed, skin glistening in sweat and cum just made him look majestic, where once his body was pulled up in tense situation, seeing him so pliant and relaxed made Steve's heart swell. "Take a picture, it might last longer" Tony's voice cut through his thoughts. Steve looked at Tony at saw him smirking, rolled over to the side and propped up by one arm. Steve rolled his eyes fondly, but made his way to the bed and started cleaning Tony up. Tony sighed pleasantly, and let Steve maneuver him however he wanted. Two minutes passed, and Steve finished cleaning himself and went to the bathroom to clean himself up. Tony was on the verge of sleepiness and tried his hardest to keep his eyes open to cuddle with his husband, but five minutes later, Steve came out of the bathroom to see Tony was already asleep and he climbed to bed, pulled him close to his body, planted a kiss on his head and lulled himself back to sleep.
decided to play God for him and stopped talking to him! MAYBE HE DOESN'T WANNA SEE YOUR FACE!" Scar all but screamed at his face and Steve flinched at her tone. Scar was heaving with heavy breath, arms crossed and posture rigid and then she sighed and slumped "Leave us alone Rogers, just..just go away" Scar told him off silently and brushed past him to class. Steve stayed there, head hung, tears streaming down his cheeks, dropping on the floor, drop by drop. "What's wrong, darling?" Peggy asked and Steve looked up at her with red rimmed eyes and just rested his forehead on her shoulder and cried his heart out. Later, Steve got to know that both Scar's and Tony's parents were killed in a car crash when the four of them were attending a company gala.
Bucky was awake propped up against the headboard of the bed, his Starkpad on his lap, scrolling through it intently. It was still very early morning and the whole compound was peaceful and quiet and Bucky was savoring every ounce of it. The only sounds that filled the rooms was the soft whirring of his tablet and the quiet little mewling noises from Tasha. Bucky was scrolling through the maps to find the nearest jewellery shop, searching for a ring. It was when Tasha and Tony came back from their conference three days ago, when it hit him. This is what he wants. He wants Tasha, for the rest of his life. He wants to share his problems, his insecurities and his vulnerable side to Tasha for the rest of his life. That thought would have scared the life out of him but..it didn't. The thought kinda warmed him, thinking about it Bucky leaned down and planted a kiss on Tasha's forehead, making her stir a little more. Flicking through a few websites, Bucky still haven't found the perfect ring for Tasha, so he decided to ask Tony to help him instead. He shot off a message to Tony before closing all his tab, clearing his history and placing his tablet back on the nightstand beside him. He slid down under the comforter and stared at Tasha. Her soft exhales fanning his face and the rise and fall of her chest soothingly lulling him. He gently raised his index finger from his flesh hand and started tracing Tasha's face. From the crown of her head, the raise of her nose and the dip in between those plump lips. The fingers continued tracing down her smooth neck, the hollow of her collarbone, The trail in between her breasts, the v of her hips, curving slightly at her hipbone, down the sides of her thighs reaching her knees before making back to the top. Tracing up, Bucky let his finger run on the inside of her thighs, slowly stroking the soft skin there in gentle up and down movement. Tasha mewled and huffed and puffed and rolled over on her back, giving more access to Bucky's wandering finger. He slowly uncurled the rest of his fingers and slid his palm in between her closed thighs, pushing them apart slowly, inch by inch. Tasha's breath hitched but made no move to wake up. He then rubbed his palm up and down her inner thighs before his index finger traced again. Bucky then covered himself under the covers and bent Tasha's legs and parted them a little wider, her core proudly showing off to him. His index reaching to the warm and soft skin near her vulva, tracing soft patterns on the skin. The trail continued to the inner labia, tracing it up and down, feeling the smooth velvety texture of the skin, then crooked his finger and caressed the inner side of the labia. He then curled the rest of his fingers except for his middle finger and slowly pushed it into the warm canal. Heat. Velvety heat blanketed his finger and Bucky closed his eyes and leaned in to kiss at the junction where the rest of his middle finger was connected to her core. Bucky knew the exact moment Tasha was already awake when her core poured copious amount of slick, almost entirely covering his palm, then, long and slender fingers carded through his hair and a soft moan was heard from above. Using his other hand, he flung the cover and it fell with a soft thud on the floor. Bucky raised from his position in between Tasha's legs and saw that Tasha's eyes were screwed shut, mouth agape releasing the most sinful noises, back perfectly arched and her heels digging into the flesh of Bucky's ass, giving up on his temptations he leaned up and kissed her, one soft, comforting kiss turning into a passionate war of tongues and teeth, leaving both of them breathless. "Open your eyes, doll.." Bucky whispered into her ears and looked down at the most striking blue eyes he has ever seen, Tasha giving him a soft smile that got cut of by a lengthy moan, made him even more harder.
, Steve smiled fondly at the thought before he got pulled to a routine workout by Bucky at the gym, a few floors below.
Warning! - Contains mild -very mild- smut between Steve and Tony and also contains blood, gunshot and violence.
Bucky got down on one knee "Tasha, will you marry me?"
" and she pulled the trigger and pointed at Bucky's forehead. "
2.on ne vasha tsel', aktiv. on sem'ya - he is not a target, asset. he is family
S tekh por moy razum vse razmyshlyal, kak budto eto imya dolzhno byt' moim ... - V lyubom sluchaye, vernemsya k delu. - Since then, my mind has been pondering everything, as if that name should be mine ... - Anyways, let's get back to business.
"You were supposed to be mine! You ran out on me! And now, a wife?!" Yelena shrieks but Bucky only hears Clint's silent footsteps into the vault through the vents. "We were working together Yelena, I never had feelings for you" Bucky says, his expression stormy "And please don't tell me this whole shebang is cause you can't keep your panties from twisting cause I have a wife" he grits and Yelena chuckles sinisterly "Oh, don't worry,
ones are from JARVIS and the normal ones are from Tony
"Tell me if I read it wrong" Steve whispered as he leaned into Tony slowly, giving him a chance to back off but Tony was having none of it and closed the gap between them. Steve tangled one of his palm into Tony's soft hair as his other palm stayed at the low back of Tony's back to keep him close. Tony wrapped both of his arms around Steve's neck and they kissed. Kissing Tony was everything he expected at the same time not expected all in one. Soft moans were coaxed out of Tony's mouth and Steve savored every ounce of it. Steve then got braver and wiped his tongue at Tony's bottom lips, opening Tony's mouth. Poking and prodding around Tony's mouth was heaven as Tony whimpered against his body. His hard on pressing against Steve's thigh. Oxygen was needed and the pair broke apart, panting but still smiling at each other. "Come with me" Tony said after few moments, Steve's arms wrapped around his waist as he rested his forehead against Steve's "Follow me back to Malibu, it's only 2 hours way from your campus and I'm almost gonna finish my studies and the we ca-" "Tony, relax...I'll come, I'll follow you to the end of the world, sweetheart" Steve said with an earnest answer and Tony beamed and pecked Steve's lips one more time before dragging Steve to their future.
That's all, enjoy!
Congrats! You just went through an array of angst, now comes the emotional hurt/comfort
Nadeyus', ty naydesh', kto eta Tasha - I hope you find who this Tasha is.
" "Why? Not my idea of an escape route! What you want me to do here? Catch ghosts?" "
" she asked in Russian. Steve went near Tony but Bucky grabbed his hands and tugged on it to ask him to stay back."My husband's in trouble, Buck" Steve hissed at him "If you go any closer, she'll kill Tony and all of us. Let me" Bucky hissed back. All the other Avengers, stayed back while Tony and Tasha froze there, with a gun pointing at Tony's forehead. "
, I'm gonna go meet Pep, she planned a date" "Have fun, babe" Ahana replies and Natasha walks out. Two strong arms envelop her waist and Bucky shoves his head into her neck, planting a kiss on her collarbone "Hey, you ready?" he asks and Ahana hums, glancing at her brother one last time before exiting the room. She bumps intot Steve on her way to their room "Hey, you okay?" she asks "Yeah, just gonna go company Tony, brought my things there" he replies, lifting his sketchbook and Ahana laughs and turns to Bucky "Babe, can you go first, I'll catch up with you in a minute" and Bucky hums, kisses her cheeck and walks to their room.
Steve pleaded while riding to Stark Towers. Reaching there and seeing the damage, all of his hope crumbled into ashes. It looked like Stark Towers didn’t exist only its rubbles and metal frameworks were still visible. Stark Towers was gone…
" JARVIS answered and Peter snickered at how he addressed his Pops. When Dad eventually created his very first A.I, he programmed it to be Captain Rogers, since Pops was a football captain back when he was in high school. "Okay" Peter agreed and sprinted towards his bedroom to finish his latest project, the brand new Web Shooters. After a few hours, there was a light knock on his door, and Peter looked up at the clock to see that 3 hours has already gone and he scrambled off to open the door and saw that his Dad was waiting outside "What are you doing there, Pete? We've been calling you for the past half an hour" Tony looked at him with a raised eyebrow "Sorry, Dad, I was doing the Web Shooters for our upcoming science fair, sorry" Peter sheepishly told while rubbing the back of his head. His Dad laughed and then tugged him to his side and the duo walked down the stairs to the kitchen "How, about we eat finish and both of us finish those web shooters at my lab. Whatcha say?" Tony cajoled and Peter looked at him and nodded.
