Enjoy!
“Not usually the context I hear that in,” a melodic voice caught Castiel’s attention from the doorway. Missouri stood in the doorway, a laundry basket balanced on her hip.
“Thought maybe you were finally running out on me.” Cas’s voice behind him put a smile on his face. He glanced around to see Cas shouldering his way out the door, his crutches scraping the asphalt beneath him.
Dean frowned as he read. “The bio teacher probably isn’t who we’re looking for. Nancy Williams doesn’t strike me as this dude’s name. History… maybe.” He grabbed a napkin and fished a pen out of the small cup of odds and ends sitting on Cas’s counter. “We’ll jot down Harvey Greene and do some more digging.” He flipped forward a few more pages. 1929 was a similar situation, only a handful of teachers leaving, but nothing suspicious. One left because of pregnancy, and another left due to enlistment. 1930… shit.
Randy punched in buttons on the register, and tried to make conversation. “So, you from around here?”
Shaking his head, Castiel turned to the door. “I just need to grab my bag from upstairs, and then can you take me home?”
“So that was a bust.” Castiel slumped as he walked with his hands in his pockets, next to Dean.
“What if I wanted something big to hang over my mantle?”
“Because I’d ask you to.” Dean had a lecherous look on his face that was instantly transformed by the soft, genuine tone to his voice, like he hadn’t meant to say it that way.
“You’ll have to catch him, first.” The sprit said, a manic grin spreading over Cas’s face. He turned and took off for the stage and the ladder Dean now saw propped up against the catwalk near center stage. Christ, but the fucker was
Dean waited until Adler was well down the hallway before bolting out the main doors after Castiel. He didn’t want to be around to either run into whoever Carla was, or be around when Adler did and questioned why she wasn’t at home.
dancer.” She squinted at the ink on her arm. "Um... you already did Monet, and the face looks too normal to be Picasso... he's the one who paints the weirdo alien faces, right?"
to be kidding.”
But then his business stopped being so little. Dean still wasn’t sure how he happened on the deal with Amnesty International, not sure how he had attracted the attention of the massive organization, too big to even be contained by one country. But one deal with them, and he was set for life… again. It was almost too easy. The little guy was now the big guy, but the big guy still had the little guy’s back, and now he had the funds to back it up. Dean could suddenly hbuy Charlie the technology department she always wanted and hire her the secretary she always deserved. Now their board meetings took place in an actual conference room, with actual matching chairs.
Cas chewed thoughtfully. “I think I just gotta face facts. I’m not built for relationships.”
“Well—“ Castiel was backpedaling as fast as he could. Adler advanced towards him, face nearly purple.
Balthazar had smiled, rather smugly in Castiel’s opinion, down at his desk. “If you think that’s necessary, you should consider your options. You could also push a few of these classes off until next year. Don’t want you to get… overwhelmed with your financial situation.”
He followed Cas through the glass atrium into the waiting room. An old television sat sagely in the front corner, surrounded by tired-looking padded benches. A children’s section was marked by a tidy pile of blocks and one of those wooden activity tables with the wires and beads nearby. The room had one other patient—an elderly woman in neat slacks and a purple scarf tied around her hair to keep the wind out. Cas walked through the waiting room and caught the attention of the woman at the desk, who called out to him enthusiastically, like an old friend.
“Well, Brent, it’s sure not looking very good. Already, I’m getting reports of several huge partners pulling out of deals with Winchester. Isn’t that just tragic?” She answered, with an expression of absolute glee.
Dean’s strong fingers stroked over his hips and got a grip. In a smooth motion, he fell to the side, pulling Castiel on top of him. In two seconds, their positions had been reversed, with Castiel now sitting astride Dean’s lap, breathless again. Dean pulled Castiel in and sealed their mouths together, immediately pushing his tongue into Castiel’s mouth.
"Grow up you big baby," Cas said. Dean shoved playfully at his head. Cas grabbed for his hand again. "Wait, come back. Can I write on you?"
Castiel stared at him incredulously. “How am I supposed to go anywhere? In case you hadn’t noticed, my lack of money was the reason I started this whole thing." He knew his words would sting, but he couldn’t help it.
Cas hummed. “Careful, Dean. I might think you enjoy going down on other men.”
“Why do they hold the cast party at the school?” Dean asked, picking up yet
“Cas—the last thing in the world I wanted was for you to leave. I’m dyin’ without you. I thought you couldn’t stand the sight of me.”
“You really liked my work that much?” He couldn’t help but ask, still a bit dumbstruck.
“Do I have to live with you?” Castiel asked, half fearfully. He really didn't want to end up a kept houseboy, waiting for Mr. Winchester to return in the evenings. Maybe he wouldn't even be let out of the house except for school like a prisoner. What would Anna say?
Anna cracked open her own water bottle. “I’m saying that you need to be careful not to let this rule your life.”
Castiel flipped the top bun back off his burger and reached for the ketchup. “You wanna tell me what a CEO was doing in a garbage heap like that bar?” Castiel fired back.
Castiel stared. “D-Dean— Mr. Winchester, what are you doing?”
The silence was mercifully broken by Sarah. “I think what Sam is trying to say is that we’ve noticed you haven’t been yourself lately, and we were hoping to help in some way.” God bless his wife. She always knew what to say, especially when Sam tripped over his own helpfulness.
“You speak Spanish?”
“Maybe!” Cas threw his hands up in the air. “And I lost everything because of it. I—I…”
It took more than a few seconds, but there was movement over on the far side of the garage. Far away from the sheet Dean refused to let anyone near, he noticed. Sam rolled his eyes indulgently as Dean poked his head out from underneath a heap of scrap metal that probably was more useful in a dump. This is what it took.
For all the electric tension from earlier, they fell into walking and kissing like they had been breathing the same air for decades. Castiel tugged Dean towards the master bedroom, taking every opportunity to press the other man against the wall along the way. Dean gripped his hips possessively, his tongue staking a claim with every kiss. When they finally reached the bedroom, they took turns divesting each other of articles of clothing, breaking apart only for the seconds it took to get their shirts off.
“Imma go to sleep now.” Castiel slurred, thoroughly exhausted, though it couldn't have been later than two or three in the afternoon. Dean pressed a kiss to his forehead and settled down beside him, throwing a heavy arm over his side.
“You were so vocal before, Cas. What gives? You can’t talk anymore? You were dirty talkin’ so nicely before, thought I was going to blow my load right there. Didn’t know that studying could be so hot. You gotta tell me what’s on your mind, Cas. Gotta know that I turn you on.” Cas snarled as he felt Dean’s hard on trapped between them. Dean clearly wanted this as badly as he did, he was up and raring to go so soon after he’d come the first time. Cas reared back and pinned Dean’s wrists by his head, making Dean’s eyes snap open wide.
“Think of it more like a design consultant. I have the fabrics, but I need the inspiration. Promise me you’ll think about it. Talk it over with your trophy husband and give me a call next week.”
Dean scrubbed a hand (the one not attached to Cas’s current shoulder pillow) and stared up at the ceiling. This should be the last time he looks at this ceiling. The case was already drawn out far longer than it should be. His dad would definitely have some choice words about how long it was taking him to expel a fucking vengeful spirit.
“Dean, if you’re secretly worried about yourself we can go to a bar or something. I’m not overly concerned about it—“
“Yeah, people don’t usually like talking to weird drifters who blow in askin’ about ghosts, Cas.”
“Sorry, who?”
“No, he can’t usually do that.” Dean answered offhand. He cocked his salt-round loaded shotgun and headed back into the school towards the auditorium. Oswald might have wanted a scene, but Dean was about to make this a goddamn arms race.
Castiel balked. “When you put it like that, it sounds… dirty.” He had no illusions as to the perceived morality of what he did, but usually the buyer of his services didn’t make it sound so blunt.
"Ugh, fine. Come sit here in front of me and just… just be quiet." Dean clambered off of his bed and pulled his desk chair to the side of Cas's desk. He held up his pinky.
Dean took a step forward, hands out, begging now. Begging Cas to hear him, for someone to take mercy on him. “Cas, sweetheart, throw him out—!” He had no idea how to help Cas or if he even could. He was a desperate man.
“And… all of the ribs are numbered…” Cas tried to keep his voice steady as he listed off the numbering system for the ribcage and walked his fingers down each ridge. Dean’s skin felt positively on fire now. Cas was almost sure he heard a slight whimper from Dean as he skated around Dean’s skin, trailing lower to trace over his ribs. He froze and chanced a look up at Dean. The smirk was gone from Dean’s face, replaced by a heat in his eyes. His mouth was open a tiny bit. His face held a sort of lost look, which caused a rush of heat to Cas’s groin. He looked down quickly. Cas refused to jeopardize their friendship by making a move on his very male friend. Dean was the best roommate he had ever had, and for a random roommate assignment, Cas knew he was lucky. He studiously went back to counting and marking ribs and put his tongue between his teeth as he lightly wrote on the skin.
He turned back toward Anna. “And you want to go too? Just find a new city and start over?”
Castiel admired his appearance and pulled the jacket straight again. “I see why you spend so much on tailoring now. My shoulders have never looked this broad.”
Castiel blinked again. “I… didn’t say it was a ‘him’ either.”
“Lived here my whole life. My folks used to own the grocery store, back when this was still a hotel actually. Met my sweetheart, Geraldine, in high school.” He toyed with a thick silver band on his finger. “We’ve stayed here ever since. Nice town. Good people.”
“It’s just you, I think.” Dean turned around to face Cas. He tugged the shampoo bottle from his hands and squirted some in his own palm. He twirled his finger to get Cas to turn to return the favor of washing his hair. He didn’t usually do this with people he slept with, but he was starting to think that rule book didn’t apply here.
He put down the phone again. He felt seriously out of his element. Castiel wasn’t sure if this whole arrangement was starting to make sense now that he was out in the air with the (relatively) normal people who didn’t whore around Chicago. As he closed his eyes and leaned his head back, a slight breeze picked up, ruffling his hair.
Cadmium yellow was a must. Maybe a bit of ultramarine with some cerulean. Old painting masters would preach about the simplicity of using alizarin crimson, ultramarine, and ochre to achieve any color palette you would need, but the fact of the matter was that most of those shades were too dull to do much of anything besides landscapes of European countrysides. Real life was much more colorful and vibrant than what the refined but tired traditional paints could give. But Castiel always kept a tube or three of ultramarine blue around. Just a dot could give immeasurable depth to indigos and greens.
“Fine, Dean.”
The librarian looked up when he entered, and immediately went back to her book cart. Fine by Dean, the less he had to actually interact with the staff, the better. He wandered over to a poorly-stocked periodicals shelf in the front, away from the front desk and the windows looking into the hallway.
“Thank you. I promise, the show and nothing more. I’ll be gone after the last show on Saturday. Thank you. Go—“ the line went dead. Cas pulled the phone away from his ear. “Goodbye to you too, asshole.” He tossed the phone on the chair underneath the window and stretched. He turned to Dean. “Good morning. Did you sleep well?”
was probably a strong word, as Dean was sure it only held a maximum of four apartments total. Maybe six if there was a basement. Set across the street from the grocery store and an authentic-looking Mexican restaurant Dean was dying to try, Cas’s building was like most others in town—squat, historic, covered in a brick facade, and fighting a losing battle against some ivy.
When he turned and hobbled back, Cas was checking over Adler’s vitals, making sure he was still breathing. “How long was he— like that?”
“Oh, before our movie marathon, I meant to tell you that I missed you while you were gone.”
Castiel felt helpless. “Why me?”
“I can’t… hear that. Not from you.”
Dean chanced a glance sideways. Cas was all hunkered down in his seat, arms crossed, expression closed, full Cold Shoulder routine. “Are you gonna fume at me all night?”
Andy nodded. “He’s been the youngest we’ve had in a while. In fact,” He called over to the pair of men. “Hank, how many drama teachers we have so far?”
Dean stared at a spot on the table. “Sammy, I really fucked up.”
Cas shook his head. “Hang on a second.” He leaned up to give Dean a quick peck on the cheek before slipping him one of his crutches and taking the box awkwardly in his other arm. He hobbled back up the short stoop and disappeared down the hallway. Dean fought down a blush and a smile as he followed, and watched Cas rap at the door of the apartment next to his. The pretty brunette history teacher Cas had mentioned—Amelia—answered.
The man in her living room folded his hands and smiled down at them.
“That feels… uh—good.”
She sent the message and started up her own car, taking a few tries to turn the engine over. Once in started, she pulled back onto the interstate and headed the opposite direction as the little blue car that used to sit in her uncle’s junkyard.
Dean bit his lip, this was a bad idea. He can’t have really expected to just show up out of the blue—after months of radio silence—and walk away with a smile on his face. Life didn’t work like that, and it certainly didn’t work that way for Dean Winchester. He watched the guy hang back with Cas on the small concrete porch and chat for a bit. When he leaned in to plant one on Castiel, Dean had to look away, telling himself the hot tears he could feel pushing at his eyeballs was just because the heater was on too high. His grip on the steering wheel was turning his knuckles white. This was a bad idea, this was a terrible idea. He never should have listened to Sam, he should have kept on with his coping method of drinking and ignoring until he either drank away the memories or became an old man cooped up in his lakeside mansion. Would have been a hell of a lot easier than this. Three seconds and he had gone from elation at finding Cas after all this time to a sucking feeling deep in his chest.
to come see this—!”
Castiel raised his eyebrow. “Do we… not believe her?”
“Sure, I mean, when this is over…” Cas trailed off.
Looking around when Dean was no longer beside him, Cas stopped too. “Yes. She works here part time while she’s doing online school for her graduate degree in psychology.”
“W-where are we? How—!” Cas’s gaze was wild, skating all over the place. He clearly had no idea how he got to the top of the catwalk. Dean tried to keep an eye on the spirit as he was advancing, while making sure Cas didn’t accidentally throw himself to the ground thirty feet below after all the work Dean did getting him out of that fucker.
“Somehow I can’t imagine you amongst all the corn fields and Jayhawks gear.”
“Don’t apologize for that.” He dove back in and pulled Castiel to the couch.
Finally, Dean wiped off his mouth and sat back, looking right at Castiel for the first time since they had sat down. “I’m really torn between going back to the privacy of my place, or keeping you in public where there’s witnesses.”
Castiel planted his elbows on the table and rubbed the bridge of his nose tiredly. “Mr. Winchester—“
He was silent the whole way to the county hospital, the same squat building with the tired gazebo in the front. The grounds definitely looked better landscaped in the daytime, but at almost midnight, it just looked sad and uninviting.
“—is that we’re just worried—“
Cas squinted at him. “Why did you do that?” He asked, his voice whiskey-rough and lust-stoned. Dean felt himself twitch. If Cas knew how he felt, encouraged it, and was pressing for more… maybe it wouldn’t hurt to indulge one last time.
Dean blinked. “Uh sorry, I was just getting some notes taken down. Case stuff, you know.”
Anna took a sip of water. “I know. I’m actually excited for this number. ’S better than that sleazy ‘40s crap Keith had us gyrating to. I might even send it to the professors!” One of the many concessions Anna had made for accompanying Castiel away from the city was that her dance program would allow her to continue earning credits if she took actual classes and submitted video evidence once every few weeks of her work.
“Ouch, that—“ Castiel was cut off when Adler stirred beneath his hands. Normally, Dean would be all for tugging Cas away to distance themselves from the scene of the crime, but Adler had already seen them, and it would be much harder for Adler to explain that to himself alone.
“We can fix this, Dean. We can.”
“And you could make your choice.” Dean pressed, clarifying. “To keep on as we were, or to do it for real. Or leave, I guess. If you were tired of me.” He chuckled, humorlessly.
He had been willing to take the risk for having his own bed in a very long time, however. Thankfully, it hadn’t had bedbugs or anything else untoward that would have put him off, and he happily covered it with sheets that he picked out at the local Walmart—an hour away—and relished the thought of falling into a soft place to call his own every night.
Dean replied.
“Are you nervous?”
“What if I still wanted to do sex work?” He was mostly teasing, he didn’t want to trick on dirty side streets for any longer if he didn’t have to.
This was the closest thing they had to a plan all day.
He sighed. “Someone has to know something about this guy. Teachers don’t just die without people asking questions.”
“Cas—‘f you’re not careful, Imma pick you up and throw you over the hood of my baby.”
Castiel cleared his throat to announce his presence. Dean turned and an easy smile spread across his face.
He supposed they were lucky Cas could even still get in the building. They tracked through the hallways, studiously avoiding catching anyone’s eye and strolling right into the place Adler swore he didn’t want them anywhere near.
Dean sniffed and shook his head. He’d been broken up with before, this shouldn’t feel as bad as it did.
Cas chuckled over his glass of pale ale. “I wouldn’t know. I was never a cool kid.” He set it down and surveyed Dean. His eyes were bright in the dim light of the windowless room.
Chuckling, Castiel threw his legs over the side of the bed, straightening out his clothes as best he could. When he looked less like he had been scaling Fuck Mountain for the past three hours, he crossed the room and stood in front of Dean, with his hand on the doorknob. “Should you be worried about meeting Anna? Definitely. Still up for it or do you want to make a quick escape?”
“Uh hey? Castiel?”
Cas is searching for words, trying to translate the memory without revealing too much. “Angels mark certain vessels to prevent other celestials from accidentally borrowing them. It is a common practice since some of us share a closer bond than others and may use the same host bloodline in an urgent situation. But it can be… catastrophic for the vessel if two beings possess it simultaneously without warning. Plus, it is
well.“ He flops to the bed and lays on his back, spread-eagle, letting out a pathetic moan. He feels like shit.
“I do not deserve…”
Sam’s forehead wrinkles at the last comment, “Got any other words in there asshole? Or are you just gonna keep making excuses?”
Where respect fails, Castiel is someone to be feared at the very least.
at the bunker,
Two men sit off to the side, the first keeps a sawed off shotgun precariously balanced on his knees, his forearms are covered with intricate designs and pictures in deep black ink. The other man, obviously a companion for he stands too close to be a stranger; broader shoulders, messy dark hair, beard shot with grey, a wicked looking blade held loosely in practiced fingers and at a careful glance quite a few others stashed beneath his clothes.
. You're home."
?” As if she didn’t know, she rolls her eyes and picks at a minuscule speck of celestial dust that had the audacity to land on her immaculate outfit. “I think the world would be grateful if ye’ both went to therapy as opposed to pouting at one another with eternal consequences.” She looks over the rift fondly. Cas catches her gaze, seeing Jack speaking animatedly to a group of Demons, they look terrified.
knew the only reason I was alive down here was to protect people and kills what needs killing.
looks like it’s going out of business. It was called
“Next time,” Dean says sleepily, curling in close, nose drifting to rub right below his collarbone as he settles in comfortably. “We are sleeping in
Dean hadn't lived long enough not to.
Now, Dean is acting so frustratingly different. His human heart aches to touch more than ever before, and there’s nothing to distract. He mopes and tries to stay out of Dean’s sight, as his behavior is becoming more and more erratic.
“You don’t have to heal me every time I’ve got a boo boo” Dean goes for levity, usually is the best way to chill the Angel out, but the look on Cas’ face tells him it wasn’t the right move.
His end in blood.
Dean wakes up early, most mornings after. Goes for a walk (not a jog
“My— my friends call me Cas,” The Angel replies less stiffly, remembering to smile like Dean taught him. “You may also call me that, if you are comfortable.” He feels less anxious this time, despite the fact that the bar is packed with patrons. “Dean is well, I believe”
Cas tries not to think about,
He closes his eye, falls back against the pillows. At first he thinks he’s dreaming, then his body begins to complain at his consciousness.
Cas opens his door, unexpectedly, taking in Dean’s hand raised to knock, eyes going from confused to cool, forehead wrinkling at Dean standing there.
“He, uh, went on a hunting trip, he hasn’t been back in a few days.” Sam runs a hand over his face. “Erin— the uh, the co-owner of
“I miss how it was.” He says simply,
He reaches out toward Cas’ face, faltering midway, choosing to lay his hand nervously on the bench between them, his pinky just brushing against Cas’.
"I told her that wouldn’t work, since I live with an insatiable, and somewhat depraved former angel.”
The suffocating dread deepens as the alternative also comes to mind; he braces himself to be a third-wheel, wrapping his arms around his torso; wondering how he will get home if Dean is otherwise engaged.
It starts to snow.
Dean.”
I thought I was
They laugh, and his smile reaches all the way to his eyes. Dean realizes standing there in the sunshine, that he isn’t afraid of Sam anymore. He’s proud.
She stares at him seriously. “For Christmas.”
as you acted, y’all eye-fucked each over an awful lot
- vibes
Cas hisses as he spills inside Dean’s throat, his grip tight on the back of Dean’s neck. Before the hunter pulls back completely he nips forward, cleaning the angel briefly with a brazen curl of his tongue.
“No, tuition isn’t going to be a problem.” He’d said, leaning back in his chair. He’d never liked his advisor, the man too smug and condescending for Castiel’s liking. Balthazar Reynolds, and what the fuck kind of name was that, had tufty blond hair and wore v-neck shirts under his blazer that were on the wrong side of “too low for comfort.”
school.”
“What is it?” Castiel carefully slit the top of the envelope and pulled out a sheet of paper folded into thirds. The paper was heavy, professional grade. He turned it over and was greeted by the sight of a short paragraph of text followed by two signatures with a date of over six months ago. At the bottom was another signature with a date.
“I’m just saying… I’m making you a gift and you already know what it is.”
“Truthfully, I don’t even usually stick around this long.” Dean admitted. “Usually, I duck out before the girl—person—whoever notices. Easier that way.” In truth, Dean had learned well by now that as soon as the ghost or monster was gone, the vic usually wanted all reminders of their incident gone, including Dean. It didn’t do to dwell on crushes or… love or whatever this was, no matter how much it stung.
- It ended up being a comical and totally cliche piece with one green eye and one blue. At the art show, everyone was really confused about the meaning behind it, but Castiel and Dean loved seeing it and moved it right back down to the garage afterwards.
Castiel nodded, scooping some ice cream on the spoon and putting his mouth around it. “She was pleased about it. So, thank you, again.” Better to appear gracious about it, than terrified and guilty about getting paid to enjoy something so much.
“Mustard won’t like it, but he doesn’t deal much in muscle.” Kaiser leaned in like he was telling a secret.
Dean shook his head. “Never got the chance. Probably hit that up tomorrow if I can.”
“Want me to put you to sleep?” Dean draped an arm over his shoulder and smiled sleepily at their reflection in the window.
Kaiser put his hand to his heart. “Call me Ron, son. Whole staff does, we don’t do none of that ‘sir’ or ‘mister’ nonsense. But enough about me, what kinda business you turning out?”
“What if something happens if… when we’re…” Castiel gestured vaguely between the two of them.
Dean was in trouble, as he was used to feeling when it came to Cas. But he didn’t know how to get out of it this time.
“It’s not funny.”
“Finished or graduated?”
“Mr. Novak!” A voice came down the hallway, authoritative and nasally. “Kindly, do not assault our custodial staff, especially on his first day!” The principal stood, leveling them with a beady-eyed stare that was used to being obeyed.
Three rows of dancers stood, hands clasped behind backs and heads held high. The music started, sensuous and rhythmic. From off to the side, a voice, “And a-five, six, seven, eight-!” The girls spun neatly to the right for half a four-count and then dropped their hands to the floor, keeping their knees straight as they slowly straightened up, flicking their hair out of their faces. Some of the girls had ponytails tied high, while others let their long tresses flip freely with their motion. Anna, clad only in short-shorts and a sports bra with her heels, started her line on a series of slow squats, going a bit lower each time, flipping her red hair over her shoulder. The director called over the music, “Wonderful Anna! Keep it up everyone!” Castiel glanced up at the line of girls, coloring in a stripe of shadow in his sketch book as it hit the dark haired dancer in the back row.
“Right, I’m sure your fake ID looks real convincing,” Mr. Winchester said, seemingly delighted at Castiel’s attitude. “But back to the school thing… you looking for a sugar daddy or something? Tryin’ to pay tuition?”
“Definitely a show off,” he answered. “Fuck, Dean. I love kissing you.”
“Get down here and kiss me.” Dean ground out, a tendon in his neck fluttering. When Castiel’s mouth met his, it was nothing like the achingly sweet kisses he and Dean sometimes shared. This was raw power, barely contained. This was hands clenching around biceps, hands pushing Castiel’s ass into Dean, hands everywhere. This was Castiel feeling utterly powerless to stop whatever was going on, if he’d even wanted to. This was heat racketing up another three notches between them roiling all underneath Castiel’s skin. This was hair-pulling, and sloppy lips, and Dean completely owning him.
Alighting on the sight of Cas’s erect cock slapping between them, it took all of Dean’s focus to reach out with his sweaty hand and touch sweatier skin in an effort to make Cas come first. It was his only goal now. Make Cas come. Let him get all the pleasure he needs from this. Make him remember Dean as a good memory. Even when all this was over. When Dean was gone.
He looked up at Dean, who was staring warily at him. “I don’t understand.”
Castiel shut his mouth and looked down, chastised. Dean immediately felt a little bad, but didn’t know how to explain his social hangups without feeling like a massive dipshit. It wasn’t like Cas was trying to make him feel bad or annoy him on purpose. He wasn’t even being rude in his questions—Dean was just sort of fucked up in general. Dean sighed and opened his mouth to stumble through an apology when Castiel pushed the book in his hands towards him.
A whine tore out of Castiel’s throat and he pressed himself as close to Dean as he could. There was so much heat in his body, he could almost forget the pang of unease that went through him at Dean’s words. He wanted the man in front of him so badly, how could he ever deny him this?
“The- the price was my life.” Castiel’s resolve seems to strengthen as he starts to let out this deeply buried secret. He pushes on, more confident in his words. “When I experienced a moment of true happiness, the Empty would be summoned and it would take me forever.”
Everything is slipping away. Castiel desperately tries to spend his last seconds thinking of Dean, but every moment that passes makes consciousness and existing harder. He grasps at memories and images, hoping to see his love’s face one more time; hear his laugh and the timbre of his voice, remember the feeling of his calloused hands under his, but it’s fuzzy. It’s all too fuzzy. He can’t see, and he can’t feel. Everything is fading, too soon, too fast.
“Don’t do this, Cas…” Dean weakly protests, shaking his head subtly. Castiel gazes at him fondly, blue eyes brimming with emotion. The sentiment is brief, yet full of a million unspoken words and feelings. It conveys the words Dean wishes to say, but is incapable of as precious seconds tick away. Beneath those words are Dean’s pleas for Cas to stay. They seem to say
When he’s done, Dean finds himself back in the spot he sat before. Humility washes over him upon seeing the wreckage of his rage, but the feeling fades away as quickly as it came. Gaze locked on the spot Castiel stood, Dean laments. He did this. He got Cas dead. That thought returns to the front of his mind time and time again. He has to bring him back -, has to find a way. Dean tries to picture the future, should the rest of those alive survive long enough to see a future, but without Cas, nothing feels right.
you, but you get the idea.”
Dean continued, “I’m new to the area, but I’m a business owner—looking for a good place for a franchise, and was hoping to get the lay of the land. Do you have a second to chat?”
Dean reappeared in less than two minutes, panting slightly and clutching the sealed envelope from the car’s glove compartment. He collapsed on the couch and thrust it towards Castiel, who took it hesitantly.
Dean shrugged, firmly trying to read the line in front of him. This book was definitely unhelpful but he wasn’t sure he could handle Castiel’s full attention. “Don’t know how to do much else.”
sound and clutched at Castiel’s shoulder so hard that Castiel would have smiled if his mouth wasn’t full.
“I didn’t invite you.” Castiel saw no need to mince words. He took a sick sort of satisfaction when Balthazar’s face dropped minutely.
"Kinky." If possible, Cas felt himself blush harder. Dean got up and dropped to the floor. He stretched out like a giant cat. Cas found himself staring and his mouth ran a little dry.
it was under the football field. Dean had to admit, it wasn’t that surprising though. The field had a near perfect circle of dead grass that was nearly a perfect giveaway. He couldn’t believe he hadn’t noticed before.
“I have no idea how to shoot a gun.” Castiel fretted as they pulled apart.
“Yes.” Cas finally managed to say. How was he expected to last through this? He pushed back on Dean’s chest, making him sit up and straddle his waist. He tilted his head back when Dean rocked back and forth on him briefly, outright groaned when Dean attacked his exposed throat with teeth and lavish kisses. Cas pushed back again.
“Don’t be ashamed of this, Cas. It’s meant to make you hot. You still good or do you want me to stop?” Castiel blushed hotly and shook his head. Dean waited until he dragged his hands away from his crotch before continuing. Dean stepped out of his pants and swept them to the side with his foot. He pulled his socks off next. When he straightened up, Castiel could see the outline of his erection through the thin cotton of his black boxer briefs. He palmed himself a few times before placing both hands behind his back. Castiel felt his breath catch.
Note: This is where the story earns its rating, so if that's not your jam, feel free to skip.
“Course you can see me, baby. You’re so good for me.” Dean said, between kisses. Finally, he pulled away and settled between Castiel’s thighs again, breathing heavily. Able to fully see him now, Castiel could see that Dean had stripped his shirt and pants and was sitting in his boxers, his erection painfully visible through the plaid fabric.
Kevin squinted at the picture for a second before his eyes went wide. “I swung at him when I felt like I was falling, and that’s when he flickered out. His face—it looked like that.” He jammed his finger at the picture. “Older, maybe. Or… fuzzier? I dunno. But that was him. He had a weird hat though.”
better in the front, even if he still couldn’t string enough attention together to figure out which show they were even doing. At this point, he was afraid to ask Cas, in case it was supposed to be obvious. He instead kept his eyes on the man next to him. He did chuckle at Cas’s running commentary under his breath about the stage direction, and the kids’ attitude, and generally everything else that was going wrong. He didn’t want to point it out, but as he listened to Cas shout suggestions and reminders left and right, and follow along without even looking at the script, it sounded like Cas genuinely knew what he was doing and what he wanted out of the show, even if the kids weren’t willing to give it to him. Dean thought that Cas was probably working on some innate talent he didn’t even know he had, or was willing to admit to if he did.
“Shuddup, it’s totally your color.” Dean nudged his unbandaged leg and took a seat next to the bedside. Might as well be comfortable for being told to leave and never come back. “How do you feel? Apart from the obvious.”
They continued like this, Cas murmuring the names of the bones and Dean listening attentively, asking questions occasionally. At one point, Cas noticed they were basically holding hands and he quickly moved his hand to Dean’s wrist. He ignored how cold his palm felt.
Novak nodded shakily. “I wouldn’t have believed it if it hadn’t grabbed me and shoved me around. It’s hands felt like ice.”
Instead, Dean settled for resting his forehead on Castiel’s. “God, this is like an upright lap dance.” Castiel could feel how much this was doing it for Dean, the evidence was hot and hard against his hip. He grinned against Dean’s cheek.
When Dean finally let him surface for air, they were both panting and grinning manically at each other.
“Cas, come on, you can fight this. Please—!” Dean heard the desperation in his voice, flinched when he heard it crack.
Castiel had to hand it to her, their time in Chicago had been hard from the start. The past few months notwithstanding. Maybe what he needed was a clean break. Find some new men, music, color, inspiration, life, everything… somewhere else.
Dean was willing to find out if it gave them a lead.
Turning Pages was tucked in one of the quietest streets of Old Town, not more than three blocks from the Institute. The owner, a more than ancient Hispanic man with leather-brown skin and a thick white mustache spoke with a steady, but whisper-quiet voice, as he directed his patrons to the newest anthology of Tennyson poetry, or a section of artist biographies. Sr. Guerrero came to Chicago from a small village just south of Mexico City when he was in his early forties. He’d had a wife, Isabel, and his baby girl, Carmen. Isabel had been fluent in English, Sr. Guerrero had not. On quiet days, Sr. Guerrero liked to tell Castiel about his village and his wife’s cooking. Castiel had never had the chance to eat truly authentic Mexican cuisine, like his boss described, but he imagined he could tell a stranger everything about how Isabel made the sopapillas on Christmas morning. Sadly, Sr. Guerrero had lost his wife during an immigration raid gone wrong back in the nineties. Carmen had since grown up and gone to university. “The prettiest civil engineer there ever was,” Sr. Guerrero said of her, hopelessly fond of his only daughter. Now retired from his job as a bank teller, he owned one of the best small bookstores in the area. They carried everything from Pablo Neruda to Shel Silverstein in poetry, and from Dickens to Rowling in fiction. It was only happenstance that Castiel got his job at all. Sr. Guerrero, good as he was at helping people find new stories to love, was getting on in years and needed help with stocking, pricing, and other odd jobs around the store. Castiel happened to wander in out of the rain one day, freshly homeless after another year at the Institute, and Sr. Guerrero liked the look of him and hired him on the spot. Castiel didn’t work much, just a few hours a week between classes and… other side work. Sr. Guerrero was always glad to see him.
“Do it. Please, baby, I want you to.” Dean thrust up once more and lifted Castiel with his hips as his cock spurted inside his boxer-briefs, the wet spot growing rapidly and warm beneath Castiel. It took Castiel only a second longer, before he pressed himself as hard as he could against Dean, humping into him hard and gritting his teeth as he rode it out.
Dean sighed and looked up at the ceiling. “Baby, of course I want you—“
“Dean, ask.”
Anna called his name across the studio. The two men looked up, Castiel felt his face blush hot immediately. Gesturing towards the lobby, Anna cocked her head in question. The studio was empty save for the three of them. Castiel cleared his throat and stepped away. He shouldered his bag and held up a finger, telling her he’d be there in a minute. Turning back to Trevor, he sighed. “That was inappropriate, my apologies.” He took his sketch pad from the other man and quickly stuffed it in his bag. He started towards the door, gesturing for Anna to hurry up and go out to the lobby, fully intent on following and never coming back. Fuck Castiel’s life and his loose lips around stupidly pretty green eyes. Anna blinked, but followed Castiel’s insane gestures, holding the door open for him. He couldn’t bear to glance backwards at the man who was certainly going to be weirded out the next time Castiel asked to observe his class.
“I am sorry.” Dean shifted uncomfortably. He probably wouldn’t scrub that off his conscience for some time. Great.
Dean threw his hands up and leaned back. “Don’t do that to me. I care! Like it or not, I care a whole lot about you, and I don’t want to be responsible for taking you from your life. Cas, you like teaching.” He slumped back, expression set in an angry scowl. In front of him, Cas glared at the wall, his tears overflowing.
Presently, Castiel stood in front of a blank canvas. The eye outline was sat safely under a cloth a few feet away, leaned up against the wall of the garage. The canvas in front of him was about to get wrecked.
Cas shook his head. “You’re really something, Dean Winchester.” He held his face just out of reach, pulling back with a teasing smile.
Just a reminder for all BDSM-ers out there, and ESPECIALLY the newbies. Do NOT scene while you're angry or upset. It's bad juju all around, and someone could get seriously hurt.
“Cas?” Dean called into the silence. His heart rate kicked up when his own voice echoed back to him. He swung around. There weren’t a whole lot of places Cas could go, especially as injured as Dean feared he was. To the north was the door leading into the hallway between the stage and the choir room. To the left was a metal door leading out to the docks. Dean wasn’t sure Cas could push it open by himself, and if he did, the dock was a pretty sheer drop off.
Adler advanced, getting right in Cas’s face, spittle flying. “I told you to stay away after hours.”
“You seemed pretty eager to get into my pants yesterday.” Castiel liked how easy it was to tease Dean, and how much Dean seemed to like getting teased.
Dean had to laugh too. He could just see the edge of the screen. On it, Sylvia was indeed berating a guest for not assuming that aliens were using her house to establish contact.
Cas shrugged. “Right, but I can’t tell him that. He wouldn’t care, and then I’d have to explain every piece of why we needed one and he wouldn’t want to hear that story.”
“It’s not technically the penetration you meant.” Castiel winced internally at his word choice, hoping a new car wouldn't show up in the ridiculously long driveway after this.
(See the end of the chapter for
Anna nodded. “Might as well. I’m on break now, so I’m supposed to be like, resting or something. But if I don't go back to work the evening crowd, it’s like giving up money on purpose.”
“You said that already, sweetheart,” Castiel’s insides jumped at the way Dean’s voice curved over the pet name, “but there’s a lot we gotta discuss first. Tell me where you are and I’ll come get you.”
Cas raised an eyebrow. “How do we do that?”
“He’s gay, Castiel. He was hitting on you.”
Cas shrugged. “Not sure if I would know that he did. He and I don’t talk much.”
Dean smiled crookedly. “Don’t sass me, or I’ll up it to every single day!” he crowed.
Castiel paused. He never told johns his real name. He always went by his middle name, James, as it was fairly common.
Sam fell silent again. He’d have to rework through this issue. Dean in love was not a happy man. If anything, being self-aware of how he felt was paralyzing Dean in a way Sam was not used to seeing.
Cas turned towards him and squeezed back. “No, not sad. Just feels strange to be leaving it behind like this.”
Fuck, Castiel had let him down. He had tried to act like an adult, but he failed.
Dean shook his head. “Startin’ to think that was an oversight on my part.” He reached down to Castiel’s belt buckle, the clinking sound it made extra loud in this space. It was a reminder of what he was about to do, to see, to feel. “Wanna see you, please.”
“Well… okay, we’ve never done that before…”
A quick glance to his right told him that the stranger was still looking at him. He was also still very much alone. Castiel chewed his lip for a second. Might as well try to salvage the night. Plus, it wouldn't be too much of a hardship to have this stranger’s cock in his mouth. He might even do it for free.
Oswald shrieked and Cas’s face pulled into a strange and pained expression. Dean reached out and gripped the collar of Cas’s shirt, pulling him back over the catwalk and grabbing the hat before Oswald could work out what was happening. He chanted louder. The spirit choked again, and flailed in Dean’s grip, Cas’s long fingers closing around nothing but air. He stuffed the hat back in his pocket, safe from any wily spirits trying to take it again.
Castiel knocked on the door frame, not wanting to startle Dean. He watched Dean’s shoulders instantly pick up ten kinds of tension that Castiel immediately hated.
Dean’s jaw set so hard, Castiel could practically hear the teeth grinding. “Look, Cas—I’m really sorry if this makes you uncomfortable. I get it if you just want to keep it professional…”
“Let me just text my roommate… can I—tell her where I am?”
“I actually came to see if you were up for dinner tonight… but if you’re too busy with your boy toy, I can come by tomorrow.” The more Dean tried to frown, the wider Sam’s smirk got.
Life moves on for some.
“Don’t hide from me.” Dean said, just before the hard slap of a hand came down on his asscheek. Castiel’s surprised howl quickly turned into a moan. He wasn’t even faking it. He’d wanted Dean to get rough with him for so long, for him to want Castiel half as badly as Castiel wanted him. “You make such pretty noises.” Dean’s tone was less gravel now, and more sincere. Like he lost his edge for a moment.
Dean scoffed. “Pretty sure his office blocked my calls after the sixth call.”
“Cas! Thank God you called. Are you okay?" At the sound of her voice, Castiel found himself heaving for air. The familiarity was too much. He remembered when he’d come home from school after a bad day, and try to hold things together in the kitchen while he putzed around, waiting to be excused upstairs to his room. Everything would crash and burn when his mother would ask in her concerned tone, ‘what’s wrong?’ He hated that it was a similar effect with his best friend.
“And just why would I be angry or even mildly upset that Castiel is being an idiot and going back to you?” She asked, venom in her tone. “You weren’t there. You didn’t have to scrape up the pieces and listen to him cry over you.”
Dean didn’t say anything for a while. His gaze switched between Castiel’s eyes and mouth for a bit, searching for something. Whatever he found there, made him smile shyly and look down at their feet. “You feel like a boyfriend sometimes. We fight like boyfriends.”
“Hey.”
A pair of denim-encased legs poked out of the bottom of a sleek hot rod red two-seater car that looked straight out of a James Dean movie. The spoiler on the back had a pinstripe design and swirling type that said “Trouble in Paradise” in yellow. Castiel walked closer to the car and as the song changed to something Castiel was reasonably sure was by Led Zeppelin, the same off-key singing sounded again from beneath the undercarriage. Castiel smiled and shook his head, setting down the tray before leaning against a work bench, covered in tools.
Unwillingly, Anna shifted her eyes to her roommate. “Well, I know I promised to stay away for your date tonight, but I was on my way to Salem’s house and wouldn’t you imagine my surprise,” she glared at Winchester again, “when the person I never thought would darken your doorstep again has their big
“Having second thoughts about shacking up with an old man?” Dean nudged him like he was teasing, but Castiel was so well-versed in Dean’s vernacular by now that he caught the slight edge of worry.
Silence fell between them again as their laughter died out. “Dean, what are we going to do?” He hoped Dean knew he meant beyond today’s craziness. They couldn’t stay out here in the suburbs forever, and they certainly couldn't hide from the media.
Their chests were nearly touching now. Dean was so close. The heat coming off him was incredible, and Cas wanted nothing more than to get closer.
Cas tilted his head. “Should we... talk about what happened?”
Castiel tapped the screen a few times, highlighting various titles and pulling up menus. “This isn’t a remote Dean, this is a fucking drone that chooses what you watch.” Castiel huffed. He tried to scroll to another channel, but ended up on the Spanish movie channel. It looked like the cast from Die Hard, but Castiel couldn't be sure.
Cas shrugged. “I didn’t stay the full year. I don’t even have a yearbook.” The stipulations for Cas’s attendance of the cast party had been firm. Principal Adler made Cas swear that he understood he was only allowed to attend with the understanding that another teacher would be there to supervise in a professional capacity, and that he would hit the road afterwards and never return. Cas had told the kids, and while most of them were confused and appropriately sad about it, a few merely rolled their eyes. Safe to say, Cas hadn’t been there long enough to grow a devoted following.
“Like a designer? Um, I don’t really know... anything about—“
Dean sighed and looked up at Cas, expression guarded. He set his beer down on the table behind him and took a step towards Cas. The tingle in his palms kicked up, spreading up his arms and across his chest, flooding up his neck and to his ears.
“Well, did you tell him that?”
Checking in was straightforward. The nurse on duty—thankfully a different one from the last time they were here—fretted over Cas as he came in, immediately producing a wheelchair and starting on a line of questions that Cas answered blearily as he was wheeled away. Dean pretended his heart didn’t clench as Cas looked back before disappearing around a corner. He was left alone in the pastels and generic art of the lobby, shifting uneasily from foot to foot. He should leave, he reasoned. Cas would be taken care of—the nurse seemed friendly enough. He should definitely pack up and be gone before morning hit. Cas could chalk this up as a bad memory and tend to his broken leg and wrist without reminders. The job was done, Dean had no other way to help here. He turned to leave.
Castiel hums good-naturedly and nervously shading in a shadow that probably imbalances the rest of the piece being so dark. He searches for something to say. He had the feeling that Trevor was trying to have a “normal conversation” with him, as Anna had said.
So yeah, Dean was definitely in trouble.
“Does she know why you’re here?” Castiel asked, honestly curious.
Castiel hadn’t. The guy on screen was running as fast as he could, while vehicles were exploding on either side of him. He yelled something into a walkie-talkie and was met by static. It could have been any number of movies. Trust Dean to like generic action movies.
(See the end of the chapter for
pressing into him, achingly slowly. He grinned into his arms. He was finally getting what he wanted. Doing a quick full-body assessment, he came up grinning as well. He wasn’t panicking. He was really doing this!
“Look, I can give you back the money, I’m sorry I can’t—“ he was cut off by a wave of Mr. Winchester’s hand.
Dean stared. “Hang on a second, you think you were a
Cas shrugged, throwing his keys on a small table to the side of the door. “One of the other teachers lives through that hallway.” Castiel gestured to a door set near the stairs. “She’s pretty nice. The guy across the hall works nights, I think.” He took off his coat and tossed it over the chair by the window. As he carried his stack of papers from Adler’s office to the kitchen table, Dean looked around the space.
Dean looked like he was under the inquisition of a nosy parent. “In a—in a bar.”
Dean looked down at his hands. “That’s where the misunderstanding part comes in. I didn’t really want him to go.”
“Fuck me.” Castiel knew he shouldn't ask, knew he didn’t deserve it. All of that didn’t stop him though.
behind the name. Thanks to his shitty service out here in the middle of Nebraska, it took a while for the results to load, but even when they did, it wasn’t encouraging. There were only a few dozen results, and nothing written past 1932. A grainy image of an obituary likely scanned from some grandfather’s ancient collection of decomposing newspapers, as well as a link to the Central City One Act page were the most helpful. He put the phone on the table so Cas could see it as well. When he leaned in, Dean caught a tang of something spicy and warm like cinnamon and clove hanging off Castiel’s skin at this proximity. Dean shook his head.
“Bet you’d love that, wouldn't you? You’d let me fuck you after I made you come so hard your legs were shaking uncontrollably.” He kissed Castiel again, tongue staking a claim that no one would dare defy. “There’s no time. I’m too close. Got so hot watching you enjoy my vibrator. And it was on my finger, Jesus Christ Cas.” With one hand he supported himself as he used the other to yank his boxers down. Castiel helped him with his toes, wiggling the fabric down below his magnificent ass. As soon as his heavy cock slapped up against his stomach, he ground down into the groove of Castiel’s hip. He buried his face into Castiel’s shoulder. Castiel’s previous release, as well as Dean’s own wetness, helped slick the way. Castiel breathed filthy encouragement in Dean’s ear and licked and nipped at whatever skin he could reach.
“Yes. I’m the drama teacher.” The man put his hands on his hips. Dean had to resist rolling his eyes. Dude sounded three weeks out of college and about two months overdue for a vacation already.
Castiel seemed surprised at the recognition. “Yes, I just moved here in August, but I’ve been here several times with friends. This place has a lovely dinner special, Mr. Kaiser.”
“I dunno, I don’t think it looks as bad as yesterday.” Cas said as he looked in the mirror, gingerly touching the area below his black eye.
Shrugging one shoulder, Castiel scooted a bit closer. Sue him, he was jacked off spectacularly by this man not three hours ago—he’s gonna be a little clingy. “I just—we haven’t done it yet.”
Castiel pressed all of himself against Trevor as they met. He wanted so badly to be able to be okay, to be normal, after Chicago. He apologized with the way his tongue danced with Trevor’s, pulling a soft grunt of appreciation out of him. When they parted, Trevor licked his lips and smiled.
Trevor smiled more fully, dimples cutting his cheeks. “Must’ve been working pretty hard, huh?”
“How do we check?”
“And do you, Castiel, think that I, Dean, am a competent adult with full capacity to discern what I can and cannot spend my own money on?”
“Dean!” The tears were there, running down his cheeks. He didn’t mean to cry, didn’t mean to let this affect him so badly right here in front of the man he l—really liked.
“And again, and again, and over and over?” Castiel couldn’t help but grin.
“Go on, Kev. We’ll listen to whatever you have to say.” Cas turned back, prompting Kevin gently. He settled in his chair, like he was getting ready to listen to a radio show. Dean could see what must have made him a good teacher—he was there to listen, and made it known.
“I know what I had, Novak.” Adler brushed himself off as he stood. “I had you at my school, after hours again?” He looked around, attention caught by the huge pile of dirt and the slowly dying flames in the hole beside it. Dean thought he was going to end up on his back again with the pained noise he made.
Adler’s office was situated near the back of the administrative suite. The same bland oatmeal colored walls as the rest of the school were covered with various certificates and newspapers clippings of events around the city relating to the high school. The new football field, the band’s participation in the Orange Bowl, even the town’s lone National Honor Scholar in thirty years. It was like a shrine to academic mediocrity.
The tires raced over something uneven, which startled Castiel out of his reverie. They had turned onto a road, set off from the rest of the city. The coastline came into view, with the moonlight tripping over the waves of the water. In the distance, Castiel could see the pier, with its taller than life ferris wheel, keeping watch over the east side of the city.
THE PENULTIMATE INSTALLMENT. AAAHHHHHHHHHHHH.
Thank you.
“Fuck, Cas. I’m never going to be able to take anatomy without getting a raging boner in class.”
“Hey, you did good for your first stakeout.” Dean punched him lightly on the arm.
“And you might get hurt again!” Dean stalked forward, dropping heavily in the chair next to the bed. He glared, angry that Cas could take his health, his life, so lightly. “You said it yourself--well, someone else said it about you. You could get killed with me!”
“Buddy, you take one look at me and ask how I’m going to get inside a building
Castiel smirked, and tilted his head. “I was gone like two hours.” But if he was being honest with himself, he missed Dean too.
“Oh I’d never let him get the chance. Too weird.” He silently dared Dean to call his bluff.
“Well…” Cas started, “I’m being let go. I had a bit of an episode. Stress, you know.” Cas shuffled nervously.
.” His eyes widened. “Isn’t that…?”
Castiel sighed. “Right. Well, at least we got some information. That should help right?”
Next update will follow soon after, because I can't stand leaving it this way.
Sam bid Jo farewell when she said she had to get back to the stage, leaving him to his thoughts. There was an uncomfortable amount of truth to what Jo said. Dean was very unlikely to tell anyone outright what was bothering him. He had a laundry list of distractions; his cars, his company, (until very recently) anything that moved. Dean Winchester was not a man to be tied down for long. When something stopped working for him, he moved on. No questions asked, no hard feelings. A business transaction. This puttering around the garage, avoiding dinner invitations even from Sarah, and general moping, however…
With more fabric shuffling behind him, Dean spoke, softly and with a tone that sounded almost like hurt. “Well, you got what you wanted.” Castiel’s smile fell of his face and he struggled to put himself on his elbows. “I’m going to take a shower.” Dean said gruffly, before the sound of his footsteps started fading.
Suddenly, he heard a shriek coming from inside the theater. He spotted a second door a few yards down, this one potentially a main door. A small window was cut out of this door, with dim light pouring out. Without thinking, Dean yanked the door open. He got one step inside the theatre, EMF reader out, sawed-off at the ready, and was met by the startled expressions of a dark-haired man in glasses and at least ten teenagers wearing... face paint, of all things.
Castiel grinned and pushed Dean sideways, pouncing when he stumbled—laughing the whole way—into the brush again.
Castiel fought a shudder and waved a hand. “Maybe some other time. I’ve got places to be.” He turned again and hustled as fast as he could without running to the street corner.
“What do you mean?” Dean asked behind him. Castiel chanced a glance at him, and saw him staring up at the display of watercolor brushes, mouth agape.
“What are some of your ideas?” Castiel asked breathily. He traced his hands up Dean’s arms, loving the muscle there, and deliberately ground his hips down into Dean’s ass. His body was completely blanketing Dean’s now and the temperature in the garage seemed about thirty degrees hotter than usual.
“You wanted to sit through that destruction of the stage, but not mine? Take a seat.” At once, the lights started crackling with intense energy. Parents stormed back, casting panicked glances at the ceiling, and making a mad rush to the doors. Programs littered the floor, and people were running. Students were pushing and shoving each other as well in their haste to get off the stage. Still others were casting fearful looks at Not-Cas, who was in the process of tearing apart the castle with his bare hands. Splinters of plywood were getting everywhere. Not-Cas turned to address what was left of the audience. “In fact, I’d rather kill myself. Here, in front of you all, than relive these atrocities again.”
They gotta get out of that garage, nothing productive happens there...
“That’s literally the worst number Stella ever choreographed. I don’t know why you think it’s funny.”
Castiel looked relieved. “I know it’s not what you had planned.”
“—if I don’t finish the show, all those kids’ hard work will be for nothing. And think of all that money that went to building the set.” Cas huffed. The voice—Adler’s—went quiet for a moment. Dean snorted. He wasn’t sure the kids would be that heartbroken honestly if they weren’t allowed to perform, but if it was important to Cas...
Missouri’s face broke out into a smile. “Honestly, it’s been so nice to see Dean so happy these past few days. Usually he spends all his time locked down in that garage and I hardly see him, even at meal times.” She started bustling around the room, straightening the sheets and pillows on the bed.
“You think he’s in love.”
“What about some eyes?”
“They were going to rake you through the mud.”
“Cas, baby, what’s wrong? Were you—are you crying?”
“Did you hear me complaining? Shit, baby, right there—” Dean was cut off by his own breath being robbed by Castiel pressing his lips to Dean’s. With a hand on either side of Dean’s face, Castiel tried to pull himself into Dean’s very being. He pressed himself as close as he could to the man beneath him. Dean thrust up, pressing his hard cock right against Castiel’s. They both released twin groans at the contact.
He sat back on the couch and tried to distract himself with the show. Even though he had slept quite comfortably the night before, he let his head drop against the armrest of the sofa and drift off with the show playing mindlessly in the background.
Now that he was in the car and closer to the smell of Dean’s cologne and the sight of his strong hands on the steering wheel, Castiel could feel it. He wasn’t quite sure what “it” was yet, be it attraction or something else, but there was something so magnetic about the man in front of him that he couldn't wait to get started. “No, they weren’t—“ He leaned over and put his hand on Dean’s knee, brushing upwards to get to his crotch. He’d seen Dean’s cock once before, but suddenly it wasn’t enough. Dean’s fingers curled around his and stopped his motion, holding his hand now. His thumb stroked over Castiel’s hand. It felt nice, but it wasn’t what he wanted.
“Did he hurt you? Where are you?”
“What?”
“Can’t you take a hint? I’m not interested.”
“He’s going to ask me what I was really doing there, Dean. I don’t have a good answer for him.”
Dean pushed open the heavy doors and crossed the threshold, because to him, this was just his room. It wasn’t a peek into the world of someone he barely knew but desperately wanted to. A giant white and unmade bed sat in the center, underneath a domed skylight set deep into the high ceiling. A sitting area crowded rather cosily around a flat screen television that almost matched its twin in the living room. Like Castiel’s room had featured, the far wall was entirely glass, letting out onto a private patio area with a clear view of a dock out on the lake. To Castiel’s amusement, the end of the dock housed a green light, blinking benignly.
“You should watch some of those paint mixing videos on YouTube. You’d have a lot of fun.” Castiel nudged Dean.
Sam spoke slowly, feeling the weight of his words the whole time. “And you don’t think sending him away was the cherry on top of his bad day?” It wasn’t meant to be an accusation, and he prayed Dean wouldn’t take it as one.
Concern was joined by confusion. “Cas…?”
“Dean—Dean, so good. Missed you so much—“ Castiel wasn’t even sure if he was making sense. This was it, he was going to get Dean’s cock in him soon. That would seal the deal, it would make everything better. Dean couldn’t leave him after that, right?
Castiel started towards the door. Dean made no motion to stop him. He stopped in the doorway and looked back. Dean stayed perched on his desk, eyes tracking across Castiel’s face with a sad hint of a smile playing across his features.
“Look at me, Dean.” Cas murmured. Dean opened his eyes and met Cas’s gaze with such naked need in his eyes that Cas couldn’t help but smile as he sunk down on Dean’s cock, swallowing him down. Dean groaned at the sight and screwed his eyes shut, opening them again before Cas could pull off to order him to do so.
“People call you that all the time.”
“What? Mac—“ Dean started but was cut off with Cas’s warm palm slapped over his mouth.
to get down, you can’t stay up here.” Dean pleaded with him. Cas nodded blearily and hoisted himself towards the side using the metal caging on either side of the catwalk. Dean helped him as best as he could, but the crackling static in the air told him the spirit was re-materializing.
“That’s it? You’re just gonna leave?” It wasn’t the detached tone he was going for, but he couldn’t believe the universe was making him watch this man leave him again. He was lucky he was allowed to walk out first the first time around. This time, though. It was unbearable.
Dean considered. The other obit they had found was too grainy to make anything out. If this was the only legible record of Oswald’s life, they could be in deep trouble.
“I already did that hand.”
“Electromagnetic frequency reader.”
Dean hadn’t known about this entrance the first time he’d gone in. They wound through a long hallway filled with spare music stands, choir robes, and yet another giant cardboard cutout of a buffalo (“
“Yes, sir.” Castiel answered in a small voice.
“It’s not asking if I’m the one suggesting it. And Castiel… don’t take this the wrong way, but I think this stopped being just a job a while ago. This is more serious.” Castiel turned away from the pity in Anna’s eyes.
Castiel made a sleepy sound to show that he was listening.
“You’re fired, Novak!” Adler looked positively gleeful now in his rage. “I see now that hiring you was a grave mistake on my part. Vacate the premises immediately, or I’ll—“
“What?”
“Yes, Dean.” Castiel tried to put some force behind his words. He could feel himself getting hard again from Dean’s threats. He was going to do it this time.
“Can it, Mr. Sense-of-Humor.” Castiel grinned as Dean tugged his hand, ever careful of his crutches, leading him back into the gym and towards the theater, away from all the kids and their overly watchful parents.
The man smirked. “Not unless you want it. But you gotta tell me your name first.”
Suddenly, Cas’s hand was ripped away from Dean’s opening and he was being hauled up the bed by Dean’s impatient hands. Dean’s tongue plundered his mouth and ravaged his neck and bruises were sure to form after this and Cas was sure he never wanted to hide these, he wanted everyone to know who he belonged to and what he got up to. Dean nipped at his earlobe and whispered in his ear.
“Injury sustained... in the theater. Huh.” Dean cocked his head. This many injuries to a specific kind of teacher should have instigated a pretty wide investigation. He wondered how many people were covering this up, if they even cared to look at the patterns.
Dumbfounded and more than a little lust drunk, Dean stuttered. “Uh, okay.”
The room was dark, and as Dean groped around on the nearest wall for a light switch, he heard a faint hitch of breath. When Dean’s vision cleared from the sudden brightness, his shoulders sagged.
Right.
“You better get movin’ Cas, or I swear, I’ll kick your ass.” Cas would laugh, but he was too distracted at the way his name sounded in Dean’s broken tone. He removed his finger and tried to open the bottle of lube with his one hand. With a grunt of frustration, he begrudgingly removed his hand from Dean’s to yank it open with more ferocity than was needed. He slicked up his fingers and carefully worked one into Dean. Dean scrabbled for his hand again, sighing when he found it. His hand squeezed his until he relaxed around where Cas’s finger was buried inside of him. Cas worked him open slowly, thrusting lightly in and out until it felt like Dean could take more. Dean egged him on after a while.
“Wanna make it fifty?” The man called behind him before he got to the cross street.
Without warning, Dean’s hands are around his, warm and reassuring; steadying the pitcher, filling the glass without saying a word, without making a scene, pulling his napkin off his chair and mopping up the scattered water.
“Singers now.” Dean corrects, “
“So I was what? A joke?” The Angel is so angry- and his newly released grace is fueling the rage and embarrassment he feels. “I mean- it’s been a while since you had Angel isn’t it? Probably doing me a favor right?
he’ll want to stay.
“It always is with you.” She teases, shifting back comfortably in her seat, “Thought you two broke up?”
“I mean
She signs when Cas is distracted by something Dean asks. "
.” He says; the game they’ve played, sidestepped around and avoided looking at directly for 10 years fades into something tangible between them.
thankful if you don’ make me return to those Winchesters boys with bad news about their favorite blue-eyed-boy. You know, I would hate to disappoint Samuel for personal reasons. But, our Dean Winchester would hunt me endlessly if you were to perish.”
"I missed you." He says to the air above the sink.
to wear, and to take the guy on a date was what? I was born at night, but not
—“ Jack’s smile is sudden and large. “She is
He reaches up for bowls realizing too late that they’re stacked too high to easily get to with a fucked up arm. Now he’s pissed at his past self for becoming such an organized asshole in the past year, and he’s too scared to turn around and confirm the kitchen is empty behind him. So he just stands, breathing, and it hurts, everything fucking hurts.
“—Baby was there.” Dean amends, sniffing something in a bowl, retching quietly and throwing it gingerly into the trash.
” Sudden bright light makes him wince; Dean blearily notes the bodies of his captors strewn across the floor of the room.
is not something ‘best friends’ do.” He spews the words furiously.
wielding guns. Not that I was a bad shot.”
“Fallen.” Cas corrects, though less fallen in the strictest sense and more of a vague, sloping descent toward a certain green-eyed mortal.
“You prefer the short version?”
better than some
“Your memorization of that particular scripture will never fail to be astounding.” Cas remarks soullessly, all the while unashamedly checking Dean out.
“I do not know if it was a—“
“I mean yeah— it’s come up now, and the thought
“I am going to let Sam know that you’re awake, he has called many times. I also need to check in with my Garrison.” He is uncertain of the meaning behind hunter’s reaction, Dean’s grip is still strong around his wrist, scarlet blood already seeping through the gauze.
“You built a house for me.” Cas muses. “When we “accidentally” watched
"Uh huh. Not quite the same. Look, I'm not trying to force you into anything but like... you really never considered it?" Sam waits,
Without another word Dean topples flat-assed onto the sand, yanks off his old boots, his mismatched socks— one with bees and one with strips of dancing bacon.
“Shit
Dean finds his eyes, Out and in, breath and flesh, as one.
has a minor crush on.” He takes a lingering drink of his wine and sighs. “I have nothing poor to say about your son, Castiel don’t get prickly on me. You did well. He’s a good one.”
“What did I tell you about thinking? Don’t do that shit. It’s bad for you.”
Dean is already sketching, tongue peeking out from between plush lips, Cas has trouble remembering what their conversation was about.
Dean’s breathing slows,
“I did not like it at first, but later, It gave me purpose, Not just God’s shield, but a protector of all who are in need.” He looks down at his hands, at the bruises and scratches, healing so slowly,
, splattered and trickling from every surface, thick and oozing in the semi-darkness. A single, tiny lamp on its lowest setting the only light source, sits haphazardly in the corner.
Cas doesn’t even make it into the hallway before Dean follows with singular purpose; walking double time and in a single smooth move has him pulled by the shirt into the dark doorway of the infirmary,
Yesterday He and Dean had gone through the presents Dean had ordered one by one and Cas had discovered that Dean is good at many things; wrapping gifts is not one of them.
you since—““
, or about what kinds of things those words stir up inside him.
Dean hears someone whine, and realizes it’s
“No.” Cas is firm, his hair and head haloed by the moon through the kitchen windows.
Dean’s already on his feet. His knees pop. “Is he okay?”
felt, and oh the
. Doing so destroyed him as much as taking Sam’s burden did— Don’t you think he would want the opportunity to make it right?”
Cas frowns, and seems to catch himself, the other faces fade into a mere shadow and he is quite suddenly just a man with a too-direct stare.
“I missed you too, man. New York traffic is a fuckin’ nightmare. And that’s saying something, don’t you think?” Dean rocked them gently, kissing the top of Castiel’s head. Castiel knew he was being coddled. He knew that Dean was trying to distract him from getting down to business.
Dean dropped the rag he was holding on the side of the car, the grease smearing on the shiny red paint. Not that he paid it any mind. “Are you trying to get me into your pants, Cas?” He advanced, backing Castiel up to the gray sectional sofa behind them, attached to a small kitchenette with a fridge and sink. When Castiel’s knees hit the sofa, he sank down, brushing catalogs for car parts out of the way. Dean clambered up with him, knees settling on either side of his lap.
“No, I’m okay. Just a little nervous.”
Dean spared one glance out the gap in the curtain at the gate as one ballsy paparazzo landed with a thump on the gravel below. Suddenly, a gunshot sounded, startling Castiel. His eyes flickered across the lawn, and saw Bobby trudging across the lawn, shotgun in hand, yelling about trespassers and Ron Paul. “I don’t think that’s our biggest issue right now.” Dean said, smile spreading wryly across his face. Castiel couldn’t see Bobby’s face, but thought it must look murderous, from the way the reporters scrambled back up the gate and away from the angry man.
think about it?” Christ, but they were really going to have a hangover the next morning. He backed off, leaving Dean on his side of the sofa.
“Got a lotta ideas that aren’t exactly about my company, sweetheart.” Dean growled, turning his head to get at Castiel’s mouth.
Cas nodded, doing a complicated trick with his tongue to the roof of his mouth that made Dean’s knees shake. “That’s okay, I’ll go slow.”
“Oh, I loved the spring collection last year—or was it two years…” she stopped babbling. “I’m so sorry, I’ll get you that menu.”
Dean pulled away with kiss-bitten lips and his clothing rumpled. He looked like he’d just been hit over the head. “Cas, I never want to leave you.”
But all good things must come to an end.
He cleared his throat. “What would have been your creative solution?” Castiel asked, carefully keeping his eyes on the road in front of him. He only looked over long enough to see Mr. Winchester thoughtfully pursing his lips as he thought.
Mr. Winchester stood at a sleek granite bar with a sparking decanter on top, surrounded by glittering cut glass tumblers. Castiel couldn't see the bottle Mr. Winchester was pouring from, but the dark liquid played in the light coming from the chandelier in the center of the room. The furniture in here was all the same cream color, with dark wood accenting. Really, the entire house seemed to be decorated around a central color scheme of extremes.
Cas studied him for a moment, before saying quietly. “Probably should keep it professional from here on out, though, right?” Cas’s expression tightened, his smile turning small and forced. Probably feeling every bit of Dean’s awkwardness about the experience.
(See the end of the chapter for
He still hadn’t fucked Castiel, hadn’t crossed that line. Even though he was more than willing, and reasonably sure that Castiel wanted it at least most of the time. But there were still moments when Castiel would lock up and panic, which told Dean that Castiel was definitely not ready, no matter how much Castiel tried to convince him otherwise. Dean had had more than enough clients with that kind of agency taken from them by force, without someone there to make the decision to hold back until they were well and truly ready, he wouldn't dare take that from Castiel. It was enough for Dean to suck Castiel off until the kid was writhing and swearing, enough to make him shiver when Dean pressed kisses along his collarbone, enough to watch the lust balloon his pupils wide and dark when Dean sank to his knees or pulled him in by the belt loops. He loved making Castiel feel good, and took his own pleasure from how well Castiel was being taken care of.
“I don’t know!” Anna fell silent and Castiel fiddled with his water bottle, slowly peeling off the label. Upstairs, a heavy pair of boots stomped around, seemingly frustrated, telling the story of their upstairs neighbor going another day without calling his ex-wife.
This was it.
Dean nodded cordially. “Oh, we’re considering a few places, few small towns like this. Seems like a good place to start a franchise, you know? How long have you lived here?”
“I don’t mean to pry, but Dean’s a good kid. Kinda headstrong sometimes, and stupidly loyal… but he’s good.” Bobby said sagely. Castiel raised an eyebrow, wondering why Bobby chose now to tell him this. It wasn’t like he was unaware of what a good man Dean was. It was one of his favorite attributes about Dean. Bobby continued, “He’s also been through a hell of a lot, so you’d best not be making it any worse.” A glint sparkled in Bobby’s eye, and Castiel understood. He was just given a shovel speech by his sugar daddy’s gardener and pseudo-uncle in the hallway of a multi-million dollar home in his ratty sweatpants.
Dean huffed and waved him off. No one told Dean how to cook, especially something that he’d made a thousand times from scratch. “You didn’t even give him a chance, Cas.”
“Cas, come on…” Dean trailed off. He was immensely sorry Cas had gotten fired, but he didn’t see the point in getting this worked up about a small-town job like this. Cas could easily get hired somewhere else. Maybe somewhere that respected their teachers a bit more not to set them loose with bratty kids and a haunted theater. It would probably do Cas some good to get out of this town.
Castiel stomped out of the car, and swaggered into the store. The clerk at the desk was a greasy-looking man. Bald with a black mustache and a belly hanging over his carpenter jeans. He eyed Castiel appreciatively as he walked in—a look that Castiel recognized immediately, and Castiel knew he must look like a sight. His hair all rucked up from both Dean’s hands and his own, red marks on his neck, clothing all askew from driving. He probably looked like he just got done sucking off some dude in the bathroom. The clerk—Randy—called out a friendly “Afternoon!” as he entered. Castiel gave a polite smile in return as he found the soda section in the back. Randy would have been Castiel’s type down to a T a few months ago: available, desperate, and interested. Okay, so he hadn’t had very high standards. Fifteen minutes and twenty bucks later, though, and Castiel wouldn’t have cared. Castiel selected a Vanilla Coke for Anna, and a Sprite for himself. He took both to the counter and set them down, along with his three dollars.
“Definitely weird.” Cas answered, cheekily.
Sam glanced over at Sarah. This was at least a start to talking through the issue like an adult. “Did you say anything else?” He pitched his voice to be soothing, like he was calming a victim of an accident or a screaming toddler.
a lie. He just had to text Sarah real quick and tell her to defrost the hamburger in the freezer before Dean came over and found out his original meal was supposed to include more soy than he was ready for.
Dean pulled his flashlight out of his pocket and aimed it around the sound booth at the back. A jumble of wires and a desktop from at least 1998 covered most of the booth space. A few sheets of paper with various cues and crude drawings also littered the floor. Dean stooped to pick one up that depicted a man with graphite-black hair and glasses swearing at a student smoking what Dean supposed was a joint. He squinted at the drawing before glancing up and chuckling. Seems the guy at the front had his own, rather artistic, fan club.
They pulled apart. Dean looked rather contrite. “Sorry, it’s just—“ He looked down, green eyes darting around.
“‘Course I did. That’s my job.”
"Come on, Cas. Come on, what's this bone called?" Dean help up his hand and pointed somewhere to the left of the center of his palm. Cas pushed his glasses up his nose.
“So you must see a lot of the country.”
The rocking stopped. “You said that. I think that’s something we gotta talk about, don’t you think?”
“Something about him. Not that I’m a bigot or anything, but you know... sometimes these liberal types... bit strange what they get up to in their private time.”
am starting at city hall tomorrow morning to try and dig up some historical information about the school. Freaky deaths, tax fraud, that kinda thing. And since you’re fresh meat around here, you ain’t exactly going to be useful for this.”
“—stiel! Jesus, come on baby…” Dean sounded far away. And worried.
“Sure. Yeah, will do.” Dean looked down.
Dean frowned at the edge in his voice. “It’s over here. It’s off though.”
Dean clapped half-heartedly, hoping Cas would dismiss everyone to the atrium for snacks so they could talk. The lights never came up, though. The parents went on clapping, and the kids bowed again. It was clear, though, that they thought this would be done by now too. The kids kept glancing to the side of the stage, like someone was over there. Dean leaned forward.
“I dunno. I can’t really cook or anything, but if you… wanted something.”
This man.
“Whatever you want.” Dean admitted, panting open-mouthed in the two inches between their mouths. “Whatever you say.”
Despite what Anna said about not getting in too deep and obsessing over this new thing with Dean, Castiel couldn't help but find enjoyment in flirting with Dean. The man was magnetic, there was nothing else for it. He was charming, disarmingly funny, and he cared so damn much about the people around him, it was hard not to get a little sucked in. There was nothing wrong with enjoying one’s work. In most work places, it was encouraged even. That Castiel enjoyed talking to and flirting with his client only made his job that much easier. Mutual benefits. What the word Dean had used? Symbiosis.
That made Sam pause. He and Dean didn’t know much about art, they never really got into it in school, and by that point, their mother had already long since passed away. Still, if this Castiel’s work was comparable to their mom’s by Dean’s standards… “You’ve seen his work in person?”
Dean watches on in horror, breath catching in his throat. He can’t breathe. He can’t lose Cas, not again. Everything in his body is screaming at him to move, to yell, to do something, but he finds himself frozen in place. A seed of guilt sprouts in the back of his mind.
“Goodbye, Dean.”
“I’ll find a way to bring you back, Cas. I promise.”
Dean tries to say it back, but the words won’t come. Trying to speak feels like trying to swallow broken glass, and all he manages is a mangled breath.
Castiel doesn’t allow himself to spare another glance at Dean. He knows if he does he could ruin it all; second guess everything and try to go back, endangering Sam, Dean and Jack. His heart clenches in desolation, the loss already agonizing, but despite it all, he faces the Empty and looks at it welcomingly. He has felt true happiness now. Pure, unadulterated love. Castiel clutches on to that sensation and knows it’s time to let go.
“Because it is.” Castiel responds softly. His heart twists. The angel looks at Dean, eyes raking over his face, trying to take in every detail possible and sear it into his brain in hopes of never forgetting the human who he cares for so deeply. Never forgetting those striking green eyes, the freckles dappled along his cheeks and skin. The slight crow’s feet he’s developed over the years, his short cropped dark blonde hair, the flannels he always wears. Everything that makes Dean Winchester who he is.
SORRY FOR TECHNICAL DIFFICULTIES WITH NOTES PLS IGNORE IT IM SO EMBARRASSED
Cold black ribbons of nothingness coil around the angel’s frame. It feels like it’s freezing him through to the bones. Where the material makes contact with his body, he feels intense static. Almost like a limb falling asleep, but amplified, concentrated. The substance starts enveloping Castiel. He feels suffocated, yet empty; blank and numb. Sensations fade away. Cas closes his eyes and pictures Dean on the backs of his eyelids. He distantly hears Dean gasp and thinks if he could still feel his limbs, he probably would have clenched his fists tightly.
Joy and relief crashes over Castiel like a tidal wave. Dean finally knows. Dean is loved.
“You know, ever since we met, ever since I pulled you out of Hell… knowing you has changed me.” Castiel breathes shakily, the sharp sound permeating the room, harsh on their ears. Reminiscing, Cas is slowly filled with a strange and foreign sense of peace - contentment, almost. Sure, the pain of knowing his one and only love may not reciprocate his feelings was searing through his heart and burning his throat, but none of it matters because he’s right here, right now. He’s with Dean, finally allowing himself to be truthful. Castiel smiles sorrowfully through his tears. Dean swallows thickly.
“Cas,” he begins, trying to say something, anything to let Castiel know his feelings are reciprocated.
He just wanted more time.
A gurgling sounds from behind Dean, and he turns, eyes fighting back tears, to get a glimpse of the entity about to take away his best friend. Viscous black void materializes and oozes towards Castiel with malice. Billie breaks through the door with a loud smash, causing Dean to snap back towards Cas with trepidation. Dean’s blood runs cold and his insides seem to contort and writhe; his breathing quickens. This can’t be real. Everything is happening too fast. What’s going on? Why can’t he stop it?
“You what?” Dean’s face fell, disbelief in his voice. He felt his stomach drop. A cold and sinister feeling of dread began to grow in him, icy tendrils of anxiety sinking their way into his chest.
“I love you.”
“Why are you telling me this now?” There’s a split second of silence before Dean responds. Cas can see his emotions painted clearly on his face, watching as Dean pieces together what Cas is saying; realizes what he’s alluding to. The pair of emerald eyes Castiel is so familiar with darken with fear.
A deep, uneven sigh slips out of Dean. Realization slowly sinks in and his dread grows stronger, pools in the pit of his stomach. He let Cas go. Without saying anything. Castiel will never know he’s loved. Dean failed him in every sense of the word. His heart aches with something awful as he spirals further into his despondency. Quietly, a vibration radiating from Dean’s pocket pulls him from his mourning. Reaching an unsteady hand into his pocket, he slips out his cell to glance at the screen. Its caller ID reads Sammy.
“Wait, there is-” he stammered, momentarily unsure of himself. “There is one thing she’s afraid of. There’s- there’s one thing strong enough to stop her.” Castiel turns to Dean, watching as his expression turns to that of confusion. “When Jack was dying, I- I made a deal to save him.”
Precious moments spent with his angel are all Dean can see when he closes his eyes. They haunt him, serve as a reminder of every failure that led him here. Intimate looks shared and hugs that feel like home, movies watched together and monsters killed. They contrast against visions of his loss; Cas, bloodied and beaten, Cas’ body engulfed in flames upon a funeral pyre, Cas crying with joy as he sacrifices himself for Dean, Cas being devoured by the Empty. These thoughts torment him, berate him for simply being.
“Because you cared, I cared. I cared about you. I cared about Sam,” his voice breaks. “I cared about Jack. I cared about the whole world because of you.” Castiel feels nothing but his complete endearment, his tenderness for Dean. Castiel scoffs faintly and shakes his head. “You changed me, Dean.”
“What are you talking about, man?” Dean asks incredulously. Castiel takes a step closer.
“Why does this sound like a goodbye?” Dean questions quietly, voice thick with anguish.
id like to give a huge thanks to my friend ian for betaing this, you have been my last bit of sanity, i swear. i owe u. i also want to thank the superhell gc and some numerous other mutuals for hyping me up and giving me the motivation to finish this nd get it uploaded today. i probably wouldve scrapped this if i didnt have ur guys feedback. love u all
Castiel can go easily, no regrets. Things will be okay. Sam will be alright, Dean will be alright, Jack will be alright. They won’t have to worry about the looming threat of Billie.
Rage and hatred and despair and misery swirl together within Dean like dark storm clouds before a thunderstorm. He sits there and keens. He weeps until he has no more tears to shed, until his eyes burn and his hands are damp with tears. He sheds bitter tears until he can no longer tolerate sitting stationary and gets up to vent the feelings building up inside. Never before has he cried so much. His anger overflows and he takes it out in one of the few ways he knows how.
“You’re the most caring man on earth. You are the most selfless, loving human being I will ever know.” Dean scrambles to connect the dots, struggling to process these words.
A slow smile spread across the man’s handsome face, loss and pain still visible in his apple-green eyes, even as they lit up in recognition. “Heya Cas.”
Dean’s warmth settled between his legs and kisses were dropped on the inside of his knee, leading up to his groin. Castiel could feel how hard he was, his cock must be standing straight up with liquid slicking down the side. A puff of warm air on the head make him shudder and lean his head back against the headboard. He shifted slightly in his restraints, but didn’t pull.
Cupping his face in her hands, Anna pulled him down to look him square in the eye. “You don’t have to be anything you don’t want to be. You can make the choice here.”
Castiel huffed, and shook his head. An older man that had just sat down next to him was trying to peer over Castiel’s arm to read the conversation on his phone. He raised an eyebrow at the man and tilted the phone away.
He sat up, looking towards where the living room light was still on. He threw back the covers again and crept to the bedroom door as quietly as he could. If he stayed on the balls of his feet, he could lean around the corner to see Cas. Just to check on him, he reasoned. Not that Cas needed a reason to be up in the middle of the night. He knew Cas was a fitful sleeper, tossing and turning most of the night when Dean was there, which was a few nights now. Maybe he just didn’t sleep well with others?
Castiel reached down and took hold of Dean’s wrists, where his hands were still clamped around Castiel’s hips. He pressed Dean’s wrists into the leather seat, pinning him in place, totally at Castiel’s mercy.
, he could almost hear,
Grimacing, as if in pain, he finally looked up. “Dammit Cas, you know why. You’ve got to know.”
Dean extended a hand, ever polite. “Wouldn’t want you to miss this, after all.”
if he was being honest. And probably even less after their fight.
“It’d really slow you down if the police were tipped off, wouldn’t it?” Castiel sounded smug enough that Dean’s hand flexed, itching to deck the guy.
Cas considered, looking up at the ceiling. “I’m not... sad, or anything.”
“Get out of here, Dean. You wanted to leave so bad. Go.” Cas said with finality. Dean couldn’t even pick out a hint of regret in his tone. He meant it.
Castiel felt all the blood leave his face. “I—but…”
“And he’s starting again in the fall?”
ignored the heat he could feel coming off of the man. “It looks like despite a few football injuries... the majority of them.”
“Fuck me, hot shot.” Castiel ground out.
“Did you just shoot a ghost with a shotgun?” Novak was at least able to verbalize, so he was doing better than some did after their first encounter with the supernatural.
“For you.” Cas pointed at him with the spoon he was now using to stir honey into his tea.
It was a pleasant day, the sky a merry blue with only a few clouds in the way. The Pier looked busy from over here, with the Ferris wheel turning and boats zipping around. As Castiel approached the main road, the sounds of the city stood out to him more clearly. A street performer a few blocks down was doing a great cover of whatever Top 40s crap was constantly on the radio of the clubs and bars that Castiel frequented.
Dean rolled his eyes and grabbed the next stack of newspaper print.
“Cas...”
“I do. I did. They…” Dean rubbed his temple. “They kicked him out of the art school, man. It’s all my fault. I didn’t know what else to do.” He wanted Sam to yell. Wanted him to call him an idiot and a fool and everything else he knew damn well he was.
“But you don’t want to pay me anymore?”
Dean groaned, smiling the whole time. As much as he made fun of the drama dorks, he knew come Saturday, he’d be smack dab in the middle of the entire Central City High drama department, helping the man beside him hobble around on his new crutches. He’d eat a dry-ass sugar cookie with too much frosting on top, and drink a mouthful of Sunny Delight from a plastic cup, and probably try to make Cas blush by whispering obscene things in his ear while he can’t get away. And he’d do it in the high school gym if he had to.
Castiel blinked. “I—well.”
Trevor smiled sadly down at the carpet. He stood up, and grabbed his coat off the back of the chair by the kitchen. “I get it. I woulda killed the guy that tried to pressure me into something I wasn’t ready for. ‘Specially when it comes to sex.”
“Do you think I hit any of them?” Dean asked, the first words spoken between them since they left the house.
“And then?”
Instead, Dean reached a hand out to him, before quickly drawing it back. “No, that’s the sick part.” He laughed humorlessly. “I never want you to leave… ever.”
Castiel felt numb.
And now he had a slew of questions for the current drama teacher as well.
Dean reached for Castiel’s hands again and placed one directly on Dean’s magnificent ass, at which point, Castiel had to physically will himself to keep it together, and the other on Dean’s hip.
Castiel worked his mouth for a second. “I-I don’t want you to think that I… that I don’t—“
The heat in Castiel’s stomach was speeding towards his fingertips, making it hard to speak. “I—I want…”
Dean thanked her and took a step forward before doubling back. “Do I need a ticket?”
“Oh. Ouch. And what's connected to it?"
Oh no, the tears were coming back again. And this time, there was very little time for Castiel to stop them. Castiel stood up shakily. “So you don’t want to fuck me, is that it?”
“Oh, did you read those? Finally, I was sooooo worried I might have inconvenienced you by trying to figure out where the hell you were—“ Castiel pulled the phone away from his ear when a girl in a green apron approached him with trepidation.
Bruce Willis' character said something to the actor that Castiel knew only as Snape, which made Dean chuckle and shake his head, reciting the next line with the actor in perfect harmony. Castiel glanced over at him.
on his phone this time. Cas left the kitchen briefly and came back with a heavy black laptop that wheezed into life when he pressed the power button. He navigated as quickly as he could to the same One Act memorial page Dean had been on and squinted at it, the page reflected in his glasses. Dean got lost for a second in the way the blue light from the screen illuminated his high cheek bones. Goddammit. He was not getting a crush on this nerdy dude in small-town Nebraska. He was leaving as soon as this case was over, and—
Dean swore and sat down in one of the chairs in front of a coffee table littered with outdated magazines.
“Why don’t you come with me?” Dean was grasping at straws. It was a seat-of-the-pants offer, but the longer it hung in the air, the more Dean didn’t mind the idea. “Let’s go somewhere else. Let’s go to California or somewhere nice. Take a few days, but—“
- They went to couples’ therapy and worked out that they were both unhappy in their current marriage. They parted as friends and he’s working on embracing his bisexuality.
Cas glanced up, and followed his skittering gaze. He got up fluidly, which allowed Dean to appreciate the
Dean snorted and leaned in to press a gentle kiss to his cheek. “Sweetheart, it’s been like
“So, you’re into dancers, huh? Explains why you and Anna are together.” Trevor sounded wistful to Castiel, but it might have just been his imagination.
“Not from yourself, you can’t. Work on your painting.”
Nodding, Dean pulled his folder of teacher reports closer. “It’s too bad none of these come with pictures. Alright, let’s make a list of names.” He opened the folder and shuffled back. Luckily, disuse of the folder meant that it was more or less in chronological order, with each new case simply getting dropped on top and put away until it was needed again.
Anna uncrossed her arms and sat on the couch across from Dean. “You care about him, don’t you? Like, for real?”
“No, I swear. If he lets me, he’s getting a first-class ticket back into that art school of his—even with that douchebag
“So...” Dean trailed off, distracted when Cas took a sip from his nearby beer, licking a stray drop from the rim. “... so, it’s weird.”
The man rambled on, “I didn’t think it was, like… common knowledge! …Unless… “ the man, Mr. Novak, suddenly squinted like Dean had a second head, “you’re a theater kid too, aren’t you? Did the kids put you up to this? Just because I’m new doesn't mean you get to push me around.”
“Good morning, Mr. Novak. I just wanted to see how you felt today?”
Cas shrugged and picked up the program Dean had gotten from the show two nights ago, only slightly ragged from it having been twisted nervously in Dean’s hands and stuffed into his jacket pocket. “Maybe I’ll have the kids sign this or something. Just for the memories.”
“We know the timeline. Oswald possesses Adler, and tries to off Kevin. Apparently, he hadn’t had too good of control over the possession at that time either, if he kept flickering in and out like Kevin said.”
Suddenly, Castiel was whisper-yelling his name as he came into the room, expression frantic. “Dean, I think Ron’s coming back up the stairs—”
“My room is further down here in the south wing. You’re free to spend time in there if you don’t have anywhere else to go.”
“I love him.”
“But why is he haunting the school, then?”
Dean didn’t have long to gloat. On the far side of the auditorium, a blob of screaming silver fizzled into existence near what he assumed was a light or sound booth above the doors. He heard Castiel gasp behind him.
Well... shit.
on the back of the chair, and he would have tipped the whole thing over backwards if Dean hadn’t caught his ankle and yanked him back down, his head going with the motion enough so as to not gag himself. Castiel was pretty sure he was already seeing stars, but the way Dean started sucking nearly made the galaxies behind his eyelids explode in a new Creation. Universes were born, stars burst into life, only to be sucked back into death just as quickly. Castiel keened under the attention, pressed his thighs to the solid weight of Dean between them. He kept a hand pressed at Dean’s shoulder, either to urge him on or slow him down, he didn’t know.
Dean stood, hands out of his pockets and palm up. “I like you, Cas. You’ve got a lot of light in you, and I dig that. I don't have a whole lot else I’d rather be doing.” He pushed away from the desk and slowly approached Castiel in the doorway. He reached out and pushed a strand of hair away from Castiel’s forehead and pressed a kiss there.
He tried to keep his cool, but he simply hadn’t been to a house this large before. The courtyard was surrounded by adobe house on three sides, with a wall of hedges closing off the other side, save for the driveway. An enormous arcade served as the front porch, with clay planters bursting with life sat between each arch. Ceramic tile marked the transition from cobblestone to front door, and looked authentically 18th century, down to the makers’ marks on central tiles.
If he made it to graduation.
Cas was looking at him with a curious expression, like he had almost figured Dean out, but wasn’t quite there yet. “Have you ever thought about kissing a man, Dean?”
“Well, what if the roommate wants something specific to make him happy?” Dean asked, sounding strangely formal.
The bathroom was filled with steam by the time Dean got his goofy ass in gear. Cas hadn’t been wearing anything when he walked in here, so there weren’t any clothes around the bathroom, nothing except for a neatly folded gray towel sitting on the toilet tank. Dean noticed a similar gray towel waited on the counter. Almost like Cas was expecting another guest in his bathroom. Dean took a breath of the steamy air, the buzz under his skin kicking up into overdrive. He slid open the shower curtain just enough to slip inside without getting water anywhere.
“We can stop if you want?” Cas bit his lip. He really really didn’t want to stop.
“I—wow. Yeah, you’d fit right in at an art school.”
In truth, Castiel hadn’t. He’d been too caught up in not appearing too nervous, anticipating the kinds of things he’d be expected to do, and wondering if he would even enjoy working for the man currently sat on his second-hand sofa. His life had changed quite a lot in half a year.
“Are you sure, though? We got nothin’ but time. I don’t mind waiting.”
Cas grinned, stroking over the ink. “Such a charmer.” He yanked Dean back down with an arm around the neck. Dean couldn’t help but notice that he seemed to have a habit of getting this man in the same position two nights in a row. Or maybe Cas had the habit of getting him in this position.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Okay,
menage-a-douze35 says:
“Why didn’t you give it to me that day then? Why stick it in the glove box where I wasn’t going to find it?”
One finger quickly turned to two, Castiel pitching himself forward to try and get at least a little pressure on his cock. “Fuck me, fuck me please. Dean. Gotta come in me—“ Castiel was babbling. His face was so hot, pressed down into the couch like this. When Dean added another finger and pressed right against his prostate, Castiel was sure he was sobbing now. That was a completely new sensation and had him completely undone. He was grinding back against Dean’s hand, searching for that same feeling again. Dean must have been feeling merciful, because he jabbed into Castiel again and ground against that same spot again, holding Castiel on the brink of madness for a full ten seconds before pulling out again.
Castiel could feel his own cock jump at the permission. He quickly scooted down, throwing aside the blanket that Dean still had tucked up around him. He was bare underneath. Dean’s cock was already half-hard, and it was easily convinced to get to full mast very quickly as Castiel slipped his tongue in a dirty circle around the tip of his cock. Dean gasped, fingers tightening once before letting go deliberately.
“It—come on.” Dean’s face had two pink spots high on his cheekbones.
“Oh you were so good for me, baby. So fucking hot. And all for me.” Dean thrust against his hip, Castiel could feel exactly how hard he was in his underwear, leaking even through the fabric.
"A-what?"
“If I’m not mistaken, you said there’d be three hundred bucks in it for me if I came home with you. Are you going back on your terms?”
Dean ran his hand through his hair and cracked a joint in his spine. “I can handle roommates. Piece of cake.”
Anna shrugged, “You are kinda crazy.”
Castiel sat down at the other rickety chair. He pushed his hand through his hair. “I guess I don’t know. I like it there, but you know I’m not going to leave you with the rent to pay.”
Dean hummed in agreement. After a while, he leaned back and took hold of Castiel’s thighs again. He lifted Castiel off the car and took them back to the sectional that had almost been the spot of their first time. Dean sat down and held Castiel in his lap. Their come was cooling in their boxers and they were both still covered in sweat and evidence of their hobbies, but neither of them cared.
Castiel opened his mouth again, but Dean stood up.
Trevor visibly relaxed. “Cool. I’ll see you then.” He turned to go, but paused, turning back, conflict clear on his face. “Can I kiss you goodnight?”
“We’re not—it’s not… like that.” Castiel stuttered. He knew how Dean liked to keep their life together fairly private. And really, Dean was a client. There should be nothing more than professional concern. Colleagues, maybe. Not quite peers, but also not quite regular friends.
“I have quite a high tolerance for alcohol. I did go to a public high school.”
Castiel sighed. “Anna…”
“Castiel! What brings you in today?” The receptionist grinned with a blinding Crest White-strip smile, that instantly bugged Dean. She was gorgeous in the face, and—to Dean’s reluctant appreciation—clearly aware of it by the way she batted her lashes at Cas. He fought the urge to grab Cas’s hand, because again… one night stand. He didn’t want to complicate things.
“It was a different time.” Cas said, wrinkling his nose. “What now?”
Castiel liked when his job was easy like this. Easy to laugh and joke with Dean, easy to just be with him in the same space, easy talking about things that he loved.
“Sure I still can’t get you under my sheets?” Dean replied in the same tone, eyes sparkling from across the garage.
Dean raised an eyebrow. “Y’okay?” He crossed the room to where Cas was standing.
“I can do that too, if you show me what you like.” He was really laying it on thick here, but he didn’t lie. He
Cas didn’t even hesitate. “Yes. Obviously.”
Castiel crossed his arms and stared the man down for a moment. “James,” he said.
They passed the room Castiel had stayed in the previous night, and headed straight for the double doors at the end. Castiel was excited to see where Dean slept every night. Was he messy? An obsessive neat freak like the rest of the house suggested? Was there anything embarrassing?
“God, forget it.” Cas stalked off to the bedroom, where the door was open. Dean’s bags were packed and sitting in the living room by the door. Dean spared them a look before glancing back towards the bedroom. Something was clearly bothering Cas. He knew damn well that he should take the mood shift for what it was and hit the road. Screw Cas and his attitude. If he wasn’t interested, there was absolutely zero reason for Dean to stick around. He didn’t have to fret over this. He didn’t have to check in to see what was wrong. He packed up the journal, tossing the pen on the table. He walked over to stuff the journal in a side pocket of his bag, scooping it up to throw over his shoulder. Hand on the doorknob, Dean stopped.
“You know my car?” Winchester asked, and Anna would say he almost sounded impressed.
Dean shushed him and pulled him towards the door. He had to get Cas to a hospital. “Don’t worry, man. I’m sorry, too. Talk later.” Dean knew fully well there probably wouldn’t be a later. It’d be best for all involved parties if he got lost after making sure Cas could get his leg set.
Dean waved his hand and pinched his nose. “S’long as I won’t have it in my lap when I’m trying to read.”
"Better than a questionable hickey. Besides, it’ll wash off.” Cas said, diligently keeping his head down so his voice wouldn't shake. He reached up and grabbed a black marker off his desk. He pulled the cap off with his teeth. He marked each of Dean's toes with their proper name, making Dean twitch.
Walking back to pluck a tube of bright yellow off his work table, Castiel held the color in his hand for a second, looking for his palette. It wasn’t where he remembered leaving it, near the shop sink, and it wasn’t with his other tools in his big art case. He turned the tube over a few times. Glancing back up at the canvas, he shrugged and popped the lid. He squeezed out a bit of the yellow and stepped back up to his palette. If his palette wanted to go missing, fine. He didn’t need it. Angrily, he whipped his wrist, splattering the paint across the canvas diagonally in a blot pattern not unlike a Rorschach ink test panel.
Okay. Well, that was a different reason than Dean was expecting, but he had been really sure they were over this by now. “Look, I’m sorry—“
“Yell at me, call me names. Something I can work with!” Castiel hated himself for the tears he could feel gathering. He was really that guy who was going to pout and cry because the man he wanted didn’t want him in return, and wasn’t putting up a fight or doing anything to save whatever scrap of something he thought they had.
Well that was certainly curious. “Why Kansas?”
“You clearly haven’t been in a high school in a long time. We all swear.” The man had the audacity to put his hands on his hips again.
“Yeah, look how well that worked out for me the last time.” Dean gestured to the two of them, chuckling.
Tell your friends and leave a comment if you like this story! I'd love to hear your feedback!
Castiel shuffled ungainly as he struggled to reach the phone and get himself situated enough to answer.
“Fuck! Right there! Oh god, damn baby, damn. Right there!” Dean’s voice climbed in pitch the longer Cas carried on like this. Cas was sure that if Dean was even remotely aware of what he was saying, he would have knocked off the talking by now. Cas was furiously grateful that he wasn’t though, because watching this show unfold before him… it was unreal.
At the end of the day, let it be known that Castiel James Novak tried for twenty minutes to get Dean Samuel Winchester of Winchester Holdings, LLC. to agree to the promise of one (1) extravagant gift a month, but was overruled by the presenting party, who countered with the potential for four (4) eixtravegnet gifts per week.
Turning back to his phone, the results weren’t much better. City death records only went so far, and the town had a dozen or so boneyards in and out of municipality. If they were doing this Dad’s way, he and Sam would take one cemetery while Dad took the other and they could be up all night. If the guy died in 1931, the headstone could be so crumbled and decrepit by now, it’d be nearly impossible to read.
“It’s all incredible work. You use the color blue like a weapon.”
“We can clear you out a space in the garage! You can work right next to me.” Dean sounded like he had been thinking of this for a while.
“You’d ask me to strip for you?” Castiel took a few steps forward, slow as he liked. He toed off his shoes and socks along the way, so he was left barefoot a foot from where Dean stood. He reached around Dean, delighting in the way Dean seemed to tense up in anticipation. He grabbed Dean’s phone as it was streaming to the stereo. Flicking through a few playlists, he picked out a Black Keys song he was pretty convinced Dean didn’t even know he had. The slow, sultry beat started and he stepped back an inch, tucking the phone into Dean’s front pocket, grabbing himself a generous handful of Dean’s junk on the way. Yeah, Dean was already into this.
“You better start with the business proposal first, just in case I have to make a dramatic exit.”
“You idjits got ten seconds before I accidentally lose my grip on this trigger.”
Reasonably, Castiel knew that it must take about 45 minutes to leave the city on I-57, but it felt like only a handful of minutes before he was pulling west on I-80.
“Saw you walking with that Novak kid,” he said, pleasantly. “You a friend of his?”
Cas shifted to tuck himself away, his hands trembling. Dean leaned back on his hands, propping his knees in front of him, knocking lightly into Cas. “How’d I do? Notes?” He was only a little breathless. He worked his jaw a few times.
To Sam’s credit, they made it all the way through salad and one round of spaghetti before he tried pointing out the painfully obvious truth to Dean.
“John, sir.”
“So keep it cool around them?”
Dean only managed a few fitful hours of sleep. He rarely slept well, in general, but definitely never in a hospital. He woke to see the nurse from last night gently checking Cas’s vitals and adjusting an ice pack placed around Cas’s ribs. He shifted slightly and caught her attention. She put her finger to her lips and smiled.
Dean chuckled, “You don't gotta ask permission, you know.”
Castiel was never so glad to see his stop.
Dean grabbed his bags and stormed out the door, threw everything in the Impala waiting outside, and jammed the key in the ignition, tearing out the parking lot. He didn’t register the hot tears running down his face until he hit the county line ten miles down the road.
“Shit.”
Dean raised an eyebrow when Cas glanced back again. He’d been through this a dozen times. The vic had been told they were wrong or crazy so many times that stye started to believe it themselves. People didn’t trust their own eyes, their brains trying to explain what they couldn’t. Trying to protect itself.
“Still.”
“Still,” Sarah pulls away and goes to the pantry, one of the only doors in the condo, and opens it, taking stock of ingredients for what Sam hopes is chicken parmesan, “I can’t say I really blame the guy. That Castiel guy seemed to really have a big chunk of his heart. Can’t be easy to just get over that.”
"I'm not starting there, I'm going to start from your foot and work my way up. It's the hardest part because there's so many bones. It's ridiculous."
Sam leaned back in his seat. “Oh my god.”
And then it did.
“I’ll help you. I can pay for everything, that’s fine. I’ll still hold up my end of the bargain, and… there’s a car you can use.”
The clerk nodded. “That poor kid’s been running around like a chicken with his head cut off. They put too much on these young kids come to teach.”
Did I ever tell y'all how much I hate trying to put italics in a piece? Fuckin' worst.
“Yes, well. When Mr. Dean Winchester calls and says he has the finest private collection available and wants to show it off, who can say no?” Balthazar laughs humorlessly. “Of course, I was a bit surprised at your choice of artist, given... past events.”
Castiel had never really considered himself an “ass” man. He didn't understand why the guys in his year got so worked up whenever the cheerleaders walked by in their short skirts on uniform days. But maybe, if those asses had the same appeal to their viewer as Dean’s ass had to Castiel… maybe he understood a little.
When he was ready, he sighed and unclenched his jaw. He stood up and turned back to Cas. “Okay, we—I need to make a new plan. Probably have to get back into the school, find whatever it is that’s holding him there.”
“You’re such a kiss-ass.” Cas was practically purring under his hands. Dean rolled his eyes as he pushed his fingers through his thick hair. Cas sure had him by the balls here. He wasn’t sure Cas really knew that though.
(See the end of the chapter for
True, Castiel had never gone much farther with a john past sucking their dick, but hey—he had only really been in the game for a few months now. He was prepared for what he had to do. Or at least… he thought so.
Castiel had never been told that before, and he was pretty sure it was a compliment. “Thank you...?”
"Alright, snippy. Excuse me for trying to help you study.” Cas sighed.
Inside the car, Dean was sputtering. “Cas… Castiel, listen—I know this is weird timing, and I’m probably the last person you wanna see right now—“
Sam dropped down to a whisper. “How does that even work? Does he live with you?”
Dean smiled for real this time. “Her name’s Amanda. We met in my first year of college. We’re still acquaintances, but not much more than that. Think she’s married with two kids in Sacramento.”
Dean widened his eyes. “Oh, there’s a roommate? Yeah, feel free, lemme write down the address for you.” He scribbled something down on a piece of paper that he handed to Castiel. “I’m going to go get your room set up, just come down the hall when you’re done.”
“All the way, Dean.”
Suddenly, Dean stood, nearly knocking over his chair. “I gotta find him.”
And how could Castiel ever doubt that? How could he doubt how fucking crazy Dean was for him? When Castiel accused him of wanting to wash the taste the taste of Castiel out of his mouth, Dean had been absolutely boggled. Did he really think that low of himself? Of what they had? Something inside Dean had snapped at that. He wasn’t proud of it, not by any means. He knew he should have stopped, should have come to comfort Castiel instead of rile him up like that, only to deceive him. But he was angry and frustrated, at both himself and at Castiel for daring to think his time meant anything less than the world to Dean.
He moved Dean’s leg up and to the side so he could access his goal. He blew lightly against the pucker, making Dean shiver and gasp his name. Cas sucked one of his own fingers into his mouth and when it was sufficiently wet, ran it lightly over the opening, not entering, just stroking over the skin. Dean exhaled heavily and moved his hips into the touch. Slowly, Cas pushed his finger in up to the first knuckle and rotated it gently. Dean broke into a litany of Cas’s name and profanity.
“… what?”
Castiel moved out of his reach. “I’d like to go back to my apartment. I need to stop by your house to grab some things, but… I’d like to go.”
, right there.” Dean was panting and thrusting down into the couch to relieve some pressure on his cock. Castiel grinned and ground right back down into him.
“Come on, Cas...” Dean begged, starting the chant over. The spirit bucked and pulled, but Dean hung on for dear life, the catwalk starting to sway gently with their motion. Suddenly, a cosmic ripping sound tore through the air and Dean was pushed back, holding Cas while a gray wisp of smoke fell to the other side of the catwalk. Dean scrambled back with Cas in his arms as the smoke solidified and straightened up.
out of the dorms. They trust you with all these kids this early?”
“You wear too many clothes,” Cas smirked at him, reaching up to palm over his belly, the muscles jumping.
Until it wasn’t.
The voice from the living room sounded female, familiar, and somewhere between pissed and excited. “Castiel, I know there’s a good chance you might be naked with my dance instructor, but you have
Dean smiled.
Fire blazed within the blue. “I already told you! I’m fully equipped to head this theatrical production and—“
“Okay.” Dean said. It seemed to Cas that Dean’s voice seemed a bit strained, but he wasn’t sure. He went lower and drew his finger over Dean’s shivering abdomen muscles (and fuck, this wasn’t even fair) until he reached Dean’s perfectly formed hipbone. He heard Dean’s formerly steady breathing work itself into a light panting, audible even over Cas’s commentary. He happened to glance up and was met with the sight of Dean’s erection. Making the front of his jeans tent up, Dean’s considerable length was making an appearance.
He furrowed his brow. It couldn’t be. That’d be crazy. Five months later, and he’s still seeing things where he doesn’t want to be. He turned back to go into the building, but stopped directly inside the lobby. He sighed and cursed himself, turning around again and shouldering the door open. He reached into the bushes where he found the loose stone and knelt to tuck it into the hinge of the metal joint, stopping the door from closing all the way. He wasn’t paranoid… he just had to check.
Shaking his head, Cas kept his eyes on the room numbers. “Ran into her in the supermarket, actually. We went out a few times.”
The line was silent for a moment or two. “Okay, bad question then, I’m sorry. Let’s start easy. Are you safe?”
Balthazar had steepled his fingers and smiled pityingly at Castiel over the mahogany desk that was clearly too large for the tiny office encompassing it. “That’s all fine and good, Mr. Novak, but you have a—a history, shall we say, of cutting it rather close to meeting deadlines with the financial aid department.” He leaned back in his oxblood leather office chair. “We’re just concerned that it will be too much for you with this extra coursework.”
“Dr. Reynolds, glad to see you got my invitation.” A voice sounded behind Castiel. He felt slightly numb as Dean’s hand rubbed his shoulder.
Castiel playfully punched her arm. “Whatever, come on. I gotta hot date tonight.” He tried to keep a straight face, even though Anna was gagging between fits of giggling. The two stood and walked arm-in-arm to the end of the block. “Are you going in again later?”
Cas waved his hand. “You were doing your job. Adler was doing his.” He took a sip from his beer. “Turns out I’m just not very good at doing mine.”
He took a few steps away from the car. Was it really that easy? Just walk away and start over? There were billionaires everywhere, if you knew where to look. Art schools in more places. Wasn't that the great thing about being an artist? Always new places to paint or study. Visiting artists did it all the time. Places that could blow the Institute out of the water. He didn’t have to hate his life, turning tricks on the street. He could paint and have a normal job. Maybe even have some fun while doing it. Not for pay, if he didn’t want it.
“So anyway, I have to assume that he doesn’t really want to be friends then.”
“Stop. You are not a nobody. You’ve got great references, and it’s not like you were a slouch when you were at school. It’ll be fine. Okay? Breathe.” Dean squeezed Castiel’s arms, dramatically breathing in himself. It was clear that Castiel was meant to mimic him. “You’re an artist, and this is just a showing. This is what artists do.”
If it weren’t for the checks being handed to Castiel every week by Dean, Castiel might have fallen for the charade himself. For all intents and purposes, he and Dean acted like any other couple might. They leaned on each other waiting in line, they watched television in the living room, they even went to a Cubs game one sunny afternoon. It was perfect.
“Yeah, you want it real bad, don’t you baby?” Dean had the audacity to look smug right now. His fingers tightened a bit in Castiel’s hair and Castiel felt his cock throb in his too-tight pants. “You’d do it too. You’d sit on the floor of my garage and you’d suck my cock right here, wouldn’t you?” Castiel nodded furiously. Dean brought him just the tiniest bit closer. Castiel tried to get his mouth around Dean, but was restrained. He resigned himself to pressing hot kisses to wherever he could reach. Dean sighed and petted through Castiel’s hair with his free hand. “God, you look so good like this, so eager.” He sounded out of breath. Castiel was just trying to touch as much skin as he could. He crept his hands up Dean’s legs and planted them on his knees, emboldened when Dean didn’t stop him.
In bed, Kevin looked tired, like he’d been up for several days. Dean knew the initial injuries had been bad; he supposed Kevin was working off some pretty good painkillers. Enough to fuck up anyone’s circadian rhythms. “You know,” Kevin said, fiddling with the finger clasp hooking him up to his heart monitor. “Marie was saying they were gonna shut down the entire theater program. They aren’t going to do that, are they?”
Kaiser laughed, throwing his head back. “That legend’s been around since I was at school. Those kids never change. Yeah, that’s the local spooky hotspot around town, you know. Ghosts…” he trailed off, wiping a tear from his eye. “I wouldn’t get your hopes up, if that’s what you’re after. That ghost is about as real as my wife’s sex drive, if you know what I mean.”
Missouri.
“Well, maybe my purpose here is to make sure that roommate is happy then, yeah?” Cas picked up his dish and set it in the sink. He kept his attention towards the sink, concentrating on filling it with soap and water so he didn’t have to see Dean’s face of pity. He wasn’t sad about it. Not really.
The streets in this area were a disgrace. The city government liked to tell visitors that they cared “aggressively” about the appearance of their city, but Castiel didn’t see how they possible could with the sheer size. Castiel skirted a strange smelling puddle and kicked a loose cigarette butt out in front of him, crushing it with his ratty trainer as he walked on.
Dean clapped Castiel on the back. “Cas, that’s the smartest thing you’ve said all day. They’ll probably have records for that kinda thing dating way back, don’t you think?”
“What?”
“So,” Castiel grinned widely. “Where do we start?”
“God, you drive me crazy. I never last as long as I want to.” Castiel panted against Dean’s mouth.
Dean sighed and glanced down to his EMF reader. This was definitely the place. Lights flashed along the top, marking that there was definitely some hinky shit going on in this room. He really didn’t want to leave and come back later, risking another suspicious entrance on the side. The dude said he wasn’t going to take much longer, and if he could keep up the disguise of a school employee, he might have a better shot at getting this done faster.
Castiel’s voice softened, and his eyes looked mighty similar to a face Dean was sure he’d seen at a pet shop. “Please, Dean.”
“What if he was fired? What if that’s why he’s so stuck on the theater?”
of the theater.
Maybe.
“You want my blessing.” Anna thought it was rather poetic. She supposed she was one of the closest things Castiel had to actual blood-relatives anymore. Most of his surviving family was in Illinois, but he neither spoke of them, nor seemed to care about their wellbeing. It seemed almost fitting that the man vying for Castiel’s hand would go through her. No matter how ill-advised and stupid it was for him to try.
“Your friend? Seems a very bold choice of words, don’t you think?” The spirit sneered, a dribble of blood starting from his nose where Dean had accidentally got him with his elbow.
Aftermath of decisions, both sides.
The pizza restaurant was a small mom-n’-pop joint, with all the charms a town with no chain stores anywhere could bring. A friendly woman—probably one of the owners—seated them with a smile and a playful cuffing of Trevor’s ear as they sat down. Before long, they had a large steaming pepperoni pizza between the two of them.
Dean shifted in his seat. Probably not the right time.
“Yeah, for quite a while if you can believe it.” Cas looked down, bashful.
“Look there,” Cas jammed his finger at the third link from the bottom. Only four pages of results, not looking good. “It’s a memorial page.”
Castiel nodded hastily and lifted his hips when Dean pulled his boxers down in one smooth motion. His cock slapped against his stomach and had a smear of precum right at the tip. Dean licked his lips as he looked at it, causing an involuntary whimper from Castiel. Dean leaned in slightly, but looked up at Castiel for an order. He was so close that Castiel felt Dean’s hot breath on the head of his cock and it made him shiver. He needed to get that mouth on him as soon as possible.
“So, am I gonna get a real name or am I just gonna have to get creative?” Mr. Winchester spares him a glance as the road gets farther away from the bustle of the main streets. They had to be nearing the edge of the water.
“G-get me hard with your mouth and then r-rub your cock against mine.” He said, blushing at his own stammer. God, could he sound more like a virgin?
“He’s going to fire me.” Castiel bemoaned, dropping his head right back down to his arms.
Castiel hesitated. “I want to paint.”
“Hey, come on. It could be worse,” Dean said. He knew learning ghosts were real could be a bit of a shock, but Dean was very good at his job. “I’m like, 80 percent sure the ghost isn’t haunting you, specifically. Once I take care of it, it shouldn’t be any trouble at all.”
“Scenic.” Castiel agreed.
“But what about here?” Dean grabbed two big handfuls of his ass, using his leverage to grind Castiel forward into his own cock. Castiel keened and blindly bit the skin of Dean’s shoulder. When Dean locked up, Castiel glanced up, terrified he had ruined the moment. Dean’s lust-crazed look met his.
Castiel’s place was one of the only apartment buildings in town.
Dean should say no. He should definitely say no. He should laugh and clap him on the back with a
Suddenly, Cas stirred beside him. Dean made sure to hold very still as Cas dragged himself back into the land of the living. When he finally blinked and turned his big blue eyes on Dean, he offered Cas a small smile, not daring to say anything in the morning quiet. Not knowing what even to say.
“No, I’m very happy it worked out for you, Dean.” He pushed up from the couch and walked over to the dining table where Castiel still had sketches spread out, scruffing them together in a pile. He didn’t think he’d make it to the dance studio tomorrow, like he’d told Trevor. He thought he’d spend the day under his covers instead. He’d lock the door so Anna wouldn’t bother him, of course. He just had to get Dean out of his apartment so he could get to his groveling.
He searched up
“I—yes.”
Castiel tugged at his restraints as the fingertip moved lower, almost on top of his balls. Fuck, but Dean was going to make him come with just a single finger and he knew it too. Castiel’s voice sounded pathetic, even to himself, whining and begging for more, and Dean just chuckled darkly and laid another wet kiss somewhere on his body. Castiel wondered how long Dean would draw this out for. Would it last for hours and hours, or would he make it quick? Castiel had the potential to come from just a few minutes of this exquisite torture, it wouldn't take long at all. He was sure Dean would be pleased with him then. He always loved it when Castiel didn't hide how much he wanted Dean.
“Why you’re digging up a grave?”
Cas shimmied out of his pants and shook them off, definitely not-gracefully. Dean couldn’t laugh because it involved brain power and blood he simply didn’t have up north at the moment. When Cas situated himself underneath Dean, one leg was bent up on the seat, and the other trailed down to the footwell. He was bare to Dean’s hungry gaze, from his face—totally open and curious—to his strong legs.
>>Incoming:
Another morning after, followed by some reality.
Castiel felt lightheaded, but shook his head. He could do this. It was only a man, and he’d brought plenty of men to their knees before. Actually fucking Mr. Winchester shouldn’t be too much of a stretch. After all, he’d told himself he was willing to do this. Whatever it took. He needed the money, and here it was in front of him. Castiel took a step towards Mr. Winchester where he sat. The man shifted in his seat so that his legs weren’t spread apart, blocking Castiel from his goal. He just needed to—
Dean tore himself away from Castiel. “Over the arm of the couch. Face down.” His voice was hard and unforgiving, booking no arguments. He hurried to comply.
The two lapsed back into silence as they worked. Dean kept the radio at an acceptable volume and refrained from dancing around too much as he worked, as per Castiel’s request to actually get work done.
Castiel was unprepared for the tenderness in Dean’s eyes. “Sure thing.”
Castiel hesitated. Things weren’t adding up. “I don’t get how this is supposed to make anything easier to understand.”
“D’you think you should talk to someone about how you’re coping with this?”
“Missed you today.” Dean said randomly over a half-empty pizza box on the coffee table of the garage.
Dean looked up, earnestly. “Dude, you and me both.”
At the counter, the bored-looking girl with shockingly bright purple hair managed to only gape a little as Dean whipped out his card for the staggering amount displayed on the till. Afterwards, he filled his hands with the bags that Castiel did not immediately grab and gave the girl a wink as they left. They started back down the street to the garage where Dean had parked his car, a Chevy Impala, he had told Castiel.
