“I should know what you’re asking of me.”
of John Watson.
be a violation of fire codes. There is only the one bed and- ”
John's voice is low and soft; heavy with honest affection as he murmurs those familar words of praise. Then he touches Sherlock's upper arm gently. His palm is warm and comforting as it wraps around the muscle and just stays there, squeezing lightly. He moves so careful, but with quiet confidence to face Sherlock. There is no tension nor apprehension between them. The balance has not yet shifted to something
Watson lifts his head, sucks in a deep breath and chokes. He stares straight ahead into the darkness, struggling to bring air into his lungs, blinking against the sparks of white edging his vision.
, so he’d intended to clean it up
“Wait. What’s wrong with yours?” My hand is curled around my phone in my coat pocket. I take a half step back but he follows with his hand still out insistently.
I am distinctly
"Yeah... Lost me round about the
“Wait!” Henry reaches up and grabs the wrist of the hand that is against his chest. He is panting; fear rising up to grip him. Everything is moving so fast, barreling down on him like a freight train, and he just wants to stop a moment. “What's your name? I don't even know your name!”
of him than entertain the highly improbable and dangerous alternative.
“What was experienced together that night is not
"The front door was open, isn't that correct John?" I feel Sherlock turn his eyes on me, but my stare is already fixed on DI Dimmock. When the DI turns his gaze on me, I shamelessly play up the military angle, since that seems to appeal to him. Sherlock certainly isn’t the
It takes all of Sherlock’s nearly depleted strength to step into the pool area again. It was the same place he had seen his childhood crush, Carl Powers, drown to death and the place where Moriarty nearly killed him and John.
John's other arm closes firmly around his waist, unyielding steel beneath malleable flesh, steadying him and clasping him protectively. It pulls him closer so that they are chest to chest, and he feels John's heartbeat, encased beneath fragile flesh, strong muscle, and sturdy bones. It is so powerful that his own heart is synchronizing to its rhythm.
Having Sherlock like
In the end, despite of all his assertions to the contrary, it proves surprisingly easy to end things with Victor.
This is
She shrugs. “Had some time and heard you could use a talking to. Couldn’t miss an opportunity to see an old lover.” Her smile is knowing. As much as she'd profited from elaborate stories of their sexual escapades, it was all fabrication. Sherlock looks her over slowly. She is wearing a very expensive dress, a posh fur cape, and has her hair drawn up in a flawlessly sleek bun.
Sherlock…" John's smile is warm and softened by the alcohol, but it manages to capture some of the exasperation that is usually Sherlock's specialty when he finds himself needing to state something obvious. John leans forward in his chair a little, as if to share a secret. "I am going to need a genius to figure out a plan if I am ever going to get off that bloody island.”
“What?!” I take a step forward thinking that I must have misheard. Sherlock continues typing away
As so often the case with John, diametrically opposed is somehow, simultaneously, optimally aligned. The ex-soldier in John knows some battles are necessary and the doctor knows unattended wounds only fester. Both being passionate and high tempered men, an unspoken tenet of being able to co-exist has been to slice open and bleed the infection out of any wounds between them so they can begin to heal properly. They have always been quick to confront anything of significance.
He moves briskly; blowing past the crowds, shouldering his way out the door, pulling on his gloves, and striding out onto the pavement. He's angry. It's in every tense muscle and sharp movement. I'm about to try to say something to appease him about there still being a chance we'll find something from forensics or that we can always try talking to more coworkers but then I catch the low growl of his words over the noise of the street.
That same night that they had confronted her and John had seen who she
He keeps an arm's length of distance between them. He cautiously lowers his hand onto John’s chest, beside the scar that sent the ex-soldier home from the war. The thrill that shoots through him is instant. It is more than he imagined. He can feel the gnarled edges of the scar under some of his fingertips and the smooth skin of his shoulder under the others. His flesh is so hot; like a furnace.
” Sherlock turns towards Mycroft with a slight smirk and a challenging lift of the eyebrows. It is meant to irritate his already irate brother. Sherlock truly cannot feel any remorse over Henry Nahyt who will go on to become a husband and a father, then a grandfather. Of course the shifts are felt, a buzzing, like a thousand little bees dancing over the surface of the the skin, but the sensation is now invigorating, intoxicating, because it is irrevocably linked to a small twist of victory on Captain Watson’s lips and a peacefulness in the fathomless depths of his eyes.
“Oh,” She says stopping and turning to face him again. “Almost forgot. Told John I was going to talk to you about how I’d forgiven you and all that.” Her grin turns a little wicked as she tips her chin down. “Trust you won’t rat me out… you know… if you see him.”
Sherlock looks up at Lestrade a moment as he tucks the note in his pocket.
He looks over at John and finds him staring at him again. "Suits you," he says with a nod, eyes dragging over Sherlock. Sherlock swallows, and his fingers drop away from the scarf. He can't think of a thing to say and doesn't know what else to do. He just stares back at John. After a moment, John drags his eyes away and clears his throat.
John huffs and throws his hands up, turning his body halfway back towards the fridge.
Surely, I've misheard.
“I have never seen two people be for each other what you two have been. It’s a rare thing. And I have seen both of you without the other and it was nearly the end of ya…” He rubs at his brow, adjusting his jaw. “I knew you for five years before John, through all kinds of the worst of you, and, to be honest, I barely tolerated that version of you… but I never really met
He usually dismisses such dark musings as the byproduct of an overworked and battle-weary mind pulling tricks on him.
“Mmm… I could do with having some longer legs.”
, you're not likely to remember one bit of this in the morning.” John gently peels Sherlock off his leg. Sherlock flops back on the couch appearing boneless, eyes still closed. John lets out a long breath of relief.
“Wilkes is - that - that is
“Sentiment,” John confirms and the long strokes from Sherlock's waist down to his thighs now have a reverence and tenderness that was previously restrained. Sherlock finds himself relaxing into in spite of his own efforts at restraint, soaking up the warmth and care he'd never admit to craving.
“Various sites…” Sherlock growls, irritated by a line of questioning he'd rather avoid.
influences circumstances in innumerably subtle and profound ways, transforming people - changing how they think, act, the deeds they do. Which, in turn, influences all the lives surrounding those people. It is like a stone in a pond; a circle of influence rippling out exponentially and shifting everything-”
It takes a moment to catch her eye. Apparently, she’s not particularly out to prowl or maybe she isn’t used to getting noticed among her more outgoing and flirtatious friends. When her deep brown eyes at last connect with his, she smiles back, timid and sweet, and John immediately feels some of the suffocating weight on his chest slide away.
do,” He mutters as he untucks his shirt to be safe that the most observant person he knows doesn't realise what all his sweetly vulnerable confessions are doing to John. It's just been... a
"Yeah… I've just…" he shifts and then extends his hand and uncurls his fingers. In his palm is a familiar key.
“What the hell is this?” John’s voice is tight and steady but the photo in his hand trembles as he holds it out towards Sherlock. He is sitting on the edge of Sherlock’s bed.
His mind keeps returning to waking from sleep, whole body electric with Sherlock's demanding and desirous touch, those elegant and masterful fingers, stroking his already throbbing cock through his pants... That exquisite naked body squirming beneath the palms of his hands.
as your wardrobe. Why would
"Dr. Watson..." He looks more sallow and severe in this lighting; a shell of a man. It registers as a different level of discomfort in the confined space. Stripped of the mystery and the ridiculous dramatics of our first encounter, he actually seems more menacing. As if his smooth, cold and sharp exterior is hiding even darker secrets.
John lifts his eyes from his book. He is sitting across the room on the couch; the first time he has done so in weeks. It is mid-morning and Sherlock has been at the desk in front of his laptop since before dawn.
He had resigned himself to yet another way in which he was dysfunctional, but now… now there is John. John, who made him flustered from the minute that solid body had crashed against him. John, who'd kissed him and touched him and stoked Sherlock's fragile flame of desire until it was an inferno. John who had made him feel things he couldn't begin to comprehend previously.
It wasn’t a dream…
“Convenience, then?”
"We are
“In what context?”
He hates that he understands
causes me headaches. He takes another step towards me. His head is tilted to the side quizzically, as if I'm suddenly fascinating. I'm not sure what he sees as he slowly draws closer. It sets my nerves tingling with danger. The scent of him rolling over me like the oppressive atmosphere before a storm; both subduing and agitating. I'm suddenly reminded of the last conversation we had; Sherlock's request that seemed to reveal...
“Zero,” he blurts.
Arm wrapped around John’s shoulder.
He doesn’t want-” John stops and huffs in agitation. Sherlock doesn’t want
John is coming to the edge now. His movements are stiff and Sherlock's body aches slightly with a new stretch as John's entire length grows impossible thicker inside him.
“I love him,” Sherlock says as he shakily rises to his feet, the pain surging through his body is nauseating. Hopkins's face darkens. She miscomprehends this statement, assuming he is referring to Victor.
John couldn’t look away from Sherlock’s unshielded face. He was unable to breathe with the immensity of Sherlock’s honest, undisguised feelings laid bare before him. Seeing both of them with eyes locked and bodies frozen as vital time ticked away, Mycroft stepped forward and took the gun. With unfaltering resolve, equal to John’s own, Mycroft took a step back, aimed the gun at John’s head and pulled the trigger.
“Right. Ta for that,” John lifts his chin with lips slightly pursed but it is obvious the insult has glanced off of him, failing to penetrate his armour developed from years worth of verbal beratings he took in the army. "We need to talk about this-”
Sebastian is at a small table at the back with some clients. His laugh is that smug, malicious, self-satisfied chuckle of one having his fun at another's expense. Sherlock begins speaking before he even reaches the table, his booming voice drawing the attention of everyone nearby even if the declaration that
He’s Sherlock
"There's nothing - nothing of value which could possibly be obtained from investing more time. Spending time with -" he loses the thread a moment and goes silent, eyes skittering around the room. Then he rejoins louder, as if John were arguing back. "Preposterous! I'm simply not the type for relationships beyond transactional agreements of mutually-"
How had I forgotten all about the blog!? Of course she'd seen it - she was the one who made me start the infernal thing. I hadn't much use for it before Sherlock, but I had wrote up a bit about my first meeting with him as a form of insurance prior to visiting the flat; enough bread crumbs to trace my
“Let me?” It isn't quite a question, more like a demand. Still, John waits for his agreement.
doing. It therefore stands to reason that there is not a horrific precipitating event to hedge around. He inhales sharply through his nose and lets the captured breath slowly gust out his pursed lips. As if the air from his lungs carries his whirling torrent of emotions on it, he grows more composed as it escapes.
on a sleepy Sunday two weeks ago had
You should say her name aloud,” Sherlock says softly, still staring at him through the glass. Andy’s eyes widen a little and his mouth tightens. “You’re keeping her in glass,” Sherlock says glancing at the pots. Andy nods slowly and closes his eyes.
John's brow is furrowed in concern and he's leaning forward a bit to stare up at Sherlock.
"I think Mary is about to have a
For all this, Sherlock had let that truth slip away somehow. Instead he had seen his own dark end looming. They would put him in prison and it wouldn't be long before one of the criminals he'd put away from The Work found a way to have the last word. Or they'd put him in solitary confinement to protect him from other prisoners and the echo of Moriarty hiding in the dark recesses of his mind would slowly drag him to madness. He’d welcomed his inevitable destruction. He hadn't seen a way out even though, on some level, he’d known there was one.
John briefly considers jumping from his seat to go after them, but decides it’s not worth the effort. He doesn’t see the point in chasing a person who’s already caught someone else. What other things has she lied about? Who is this bloke, and how long has this been going on? And what now? Should he ask for an explanation, or should he just break up with her?
"This is...it's a possibility I would like to entertain.” His voice is low and deep. "And I think...perhaps you would like to as well."
A mysterious hooded person dressed as the Grim Reaper stands alone, shrouded by shadows—scythe in one hand, bottle of Pilsner in the other. They speak to nobody; simply standing there, observing the room in silence. Sherlock can’t make out any features, but feels an evil, albeit familiar, energy radiating from them.
Sherlock looks up at him. "I think safari would be interesting. Besides, someone should go along with you. Protect you from the wild bears."
(See the end of the chapter for
Marci screams in disgust, swiping her hand over the table and knocking her daiquiri into the air. It flies outwards, covering John's shirt with bright red juice.
Taking Sherlock by the hand, he urges him to come along, and they make their way back to the flat. He’s uncharacteristically silent for the remainder of the evening.
"Yes, that would be more convincing," John agrees. Starting at Sherlock's temple, he glides his fingertips across the side of his scalp. He then returns to his temple, repeating the action again, and again, and again.
“Of course. What is it?"
“We didn’t mean to—“ Sarah begins. “We thought you were having fun.”
John pulls a hand from behind his back, smiling mischievously. "Look at what I found in the cellar."
“Is that so?”
“I see. And what would you be risking by taking me there?”
You survived! This is the last little bit of angst. Only fluff from here on out.
“Alright.” Sherlock swallows. “John. Will you—“ suddenly, the words feel stuck in his throat. He coughs and tries once more. “John, will you be my boyf—“ he chokes again, and there’s a sudden pricking feeling in his eyes. “Apologies. I appear to be exhibiting symptoms of acute sinusitis.”
"She does?" Sherlock seems genuinely shocked. "Then why do I seem to provoke such intense anxiety when I'm around her?"
“You should sleep,” Molly suggests, as if reading his mind.
John takes Sherlock’s hand as he begins combing his other one through Sherlock’s hair. “I’m very happy with you, Sherlock,” he says. “I’m sorry I haven’t been more vocal about it. I didn’t want you to be scared or overwhelmed, so I was taking it slow. But I suppose I ought to have communicated that to you first.”
John is in his bed. He lies out beneath the duvet, open book in his hands.
"I'd love to see that." Sherlock holds his arms out. “Come over here.”
He doesn't count the number of days it's been since John has shaved. Or think of how John becomes more irresistible with each passing one. He doesn’t fantasize about the rough skin on John’s neck, or the smooth skin of his chest, and how they might feel beneath his own lips or fingertips. Doesn’t attempt to solve the mystery of which is more luminous: the patches of silver in John's hair, or the moonlight shining upon it. He doesn't anathematise his own eyelids for growing exhausted and closing, forcing him to miss a second of how beautiful John is while he sleeps.
Intermission begins. The audience cheers. The police arrive. Things get loud and blurry until Sherlock finds himself outside the building, crouching on the pavement next to a semi-conscious John. John is alert enough to reassure him he's going to be alright—there doesn't appear to be any spinal injury. And though alright he may be, there's an infinitesimal possibility that after he falls fully unconscious, Sherlock cradles his head in his lap until the medics arrive.
allowed to do that.
William visibly blushes, unable to contain the smile blossoming over his face. He wraps his arms around John’s waist and rests his head against his stomach.
"Oh. No, I don’t think so. She is appropriately fond of my scarf.”
"Oi!" Lestrade grumbles, swiping it back.
Something in John’s expression shifts at that very moment; his smile fades, his jaw becomes tight, and he suddenly seems very, very interested in leaving. He nods towards the florist. “Thank you,” he says. “We’ll be in touch.”
Sherlock recognises the sound of the gait immediately: Alegria Paloma orthopaedic loafers, embellished by a mild limp, brought on by osteoarthritis of the hip.
I would love to be posting chapters with regularity, but although I've tried, it's not happening. I have been busy with school (I'm studying coding languages) and running my business, among other things. My inspiration is just too unpredictable for me to predict when I'll update. And when I try to set outlines, it seems to stifle me (hence the writer's block).
But instead, Gabriela turns to face him. He feels like a voyeur being caught—but strangely, that does nothing to hinder his arousal.
“What happened?” she asks.
"You said a moment ago that a lot of people love me. Mrs. Hudson, for instance.”
John takes a deliberate step towards the table, pinning the man with his eyes. "I don't believe you've told me your name, officer."
But as soon as she begins the seance, her mood flips like a switch.
“Sherlock’s brother,” Molly explains. “He’s the one who enlisted the three of us. He’s a sort of...erm...government…” she stumbles over her words as if she’s forgotten them. “A… government something or other.”
And in the evening, John comes home, and they kiss. A lot. Yes, well—that part is a bit different.
Sherlock's throat hitches at John's words. He simply mumbles a quick goodnight to him, and he lays his head onto John's pillow to rest.
The following morning, John sends Sarah a simple text saying that he thinks they want different things, and that they should end it. She thanks him for his honesty (which John finds laughable) and wishes him the best.
Sarah asks John how he’s feeling, and John replies that he could probably use a bit of a distraction.
John darts upwards, startled and confused, but William simply grumbles with annoyance.
Across from Sherlock there is an empty chair. A place where John belonged. Where he truly belongs, even still. There’s a John-shaped spot where his body has worn the fabric. There’s a John-shaped emptiness in the room he used to occupy. There’s a John-shaped silence in the air, quieter than the snow that has yet to fall.
? You can only meet so many before the name simply goes in one ear and out the other.”
"And married couples, once they exchange rings—" his voice drops low. "What normally happens after that?"
“You may have mentioned it once or twice. But I hope you never stop.”
"Just now? Because I was sleeping!”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah. I—” he stammers. “I’ve been waiting on the sofa since you left me there twenty minutes ago. I would have checked on you sooner, but I promised you I wouldn’t go anywhere.”
“Because! Kissing isn’t...dangerous, Sherlock.”
have sex."
John is a masterful teacher and an exceptionally talented performer; he also possesses the stamina of a virtuoso. The two of them can go for hours, like a Wagnerian opera—yet though the latter grows more boring with each moment that passes, the kissing never does. John plays Sherlock like a symphony, utilising techniques that Sherlock never even conceived—and yet, Sherlock never falls out of step with the rhythm John creates. It’s the perfect duet: John, the melody; and Sherlock, the harmony.
”Do you know how to make an Old Fashioned?” he asks, leaning over the bar. “Bourbon, a splash of water—“
Sherlock nods towards the box. "Yours is the one on the left. Take it."
She begins to massage her upper thigh, stopping just below the hem of her very short dress.
The two men inhale, breathing each other’s names from one mouth to another. The kiss is starry-eyed and celestial, even as Sherlock's body sinks into John’s and anchors him to earth. Ethereal, yet more vivid than the earnest desire lingering at their lips. Extraordinary, yet more genuine than the palpable sense of having waited far too long.
Sherlock’s grip on John tightens. “Did you hear that, darling?”
John tells him that he adores him, that he cherishes every moment of his skin pressed against his. And when he’s ready, Sherlock wraps John around him, and he opens him up.
John shivers with anticipation; he drops his own towel to the floor, and he walks across the room to meet him. He stops, and Sherlock wraps his arms around his lower back to pull him into his lap. After they become aligned, Sherlock moves his hands to John’s buttocks, coaxing his hips forwards. John inhales a sharp, flustered breath as they grind their cocks together. They rock their hips, trembling and sighing from the pleasure until it can no longer be contained. And when they can't take it any longer, Sherlock cakes his finger in a generous coat of saliva, and he slides it into John to open him up. He soon slides in a second finger, and a third, giving John a rough, passionate finger fuck until he is ready to take him all in.
Sherlock buries his head into his neck, exhaling hot breaths and leaving small drops of wetness on his skin. “I promise.”
“I don’t know where we are, or how we got here,” John says softly. “But there’s one thing I do know: whoever awaits me outside that door—they aren’t you. And in any world, in any universe, it’s you. It’s
“Essential, in fact."
John wants to ask, more than anything, if Sherlock will be waiting there as well. But he’s too afraid of what the answer will be; so he decides to simply count his blessings for now.
“God, you're perfect," John says as he makes love to him, in a dozen different ways, in so many words.
Sherlock crinkles his forehead, half angry, but he doesn’t object. John walks to the kitchen to collect a bag of ice.
“You love me,” Sherlock states. Though his  voice is timid, the words feel like sweet honey on his tongue.
Sherlock crosses his arms, indignant.
Reasons to Love John Watson
Sent ✓
Are you two snogging yet?
He’d be quite willing to give up this model for an upgraded model where they get to kiss.
“I hope to god you’ll never again have to deal with one of these,” he mutters to the old woman, and walks back out into the cold. And now, he’s even more annoyed, because after that little scene, he’ll probably have to find a new café to study at.
Sherlock listens silently, completely still—mostly because he’s afraid he will burst into tears at any moment.
I’d been following the course of the case in my spare time, and after the fifth murder case, I had a revelation.
John throws his head back and laughs with his entire body in the way that Sherlock really, really likes. “Not sure about that. I suppose I’ll consider it.”
Just then, John’s phone vibrates with a text message from an unfamiliar number.
John groans. "Oh. Evening, Anderson."
Sherlock looks down at John's chest, rising and falling. "I didn't realise it was an option."
“Blood aeonium.”
John couldn’t agree more. He takes the index card, slips it into the pages of the book, and tucks the book beneath his shoulder.
“Great!” Gabriela nods with approval.
Unless John does the touching first. The words cross his mind, unbidden, as the two men raise their drinks.
They fall asleep married. They wake up just John and Sherlock. Flatmates. Friends. Partners in crime.
"Perhaps you’ll eventually learn that your charisma can’t solve all of your problems. But right now, to be quite honest, I’m tempted to shove this plate of cake in your face. And if it weren’t Mike’s birthday, I probably would. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’ve got to wash the cocktail off my shirt.”
Molly is a small, pretty woman with strawberry blond hair. She wears hostess attire, and her hair is all done up with red and white bows, and she’s decorating a large Christmas tree on one side of the bar lounge.
“Never learn what?” Sherlock casually replies. It’s probably been fifteen minutes since the conversation has come to a close.
"Extraordinary," he says, because he can't
the nurses?" Sherlock wonders aloud as he aggressively flips through television stations. “Helpful lot they are. Popping in and out at the most inconvenient times, yet when they’re actually needed, disappearing altogether."
“Hm.” Mary looks over at the window, but the shades are closed. “Try again...a bit louder perhaps?”
John swats him lightly on the arse. “Shut up.”
"Mrs. Hudson,” Molly says. “Maybe you can settle a debate we’re having: how long do you reckon John’s been in love with Sherlock?"
And while nothing beats being on a stakeout with John Watson, what they're doing tonight isn't half bad, either.
God, this is exquisite, John thinks as he gazes down at the man.
"Skull," Sherlock answers promptly. "Or maybe violin. Although skull would probably survive the fire. So. Violin."
“Hey,” he says drowsily to her. “How’s the book?”
"It's a tie," Molly acknowledges.
With one long push, Sherlock buries himself into him, picks up speed, pounds into him as John continues to come and come, arsehole pulsating as liquid pours from his body in long, fierce waves.
Irene sighs, rolls her eyes, and turns away from them—but she doesn’t protest any further.
"You always know what to say."
He takes in a deep breath. "John. I look at you as you carry out the most mundane tasks imaginable—reading the paper, watching television, washing dishes—and I think to myself that you are the most fascinating person I’ve ever known. And that I couldn’t love you more, but with that, you always prove me wrong. You are everything to me. My best friend. My partner. My hero. The reasons to love you are infinite, as is my love. And I'd like to remind you of that tomorrow, and the next day, and the day after that. And every day that follows until I can no longer speak."
John becomes lightheaded as it all crashes into place.
"Pistachio." John grins. Sherlock's got an affinity towards French baking and anything made with pistachios.
John slips his hands beneath Sherlock’s coat, pulling it off over his shoulders. This is convenient, because the room is very hot, and John is very hot, and Sherlock needs John's skin closer to his. Sherlock removes his scarf as well, tossing it next to the Belstaff as they make their way to a medium sized table containing a few stage props.
John sighs with defeat, turning to observe the others. "So you all knew about this?"
“I don’t actually mind if people talk,” William whispers against John’s lips as his fingers slide into John's belt loops.
"Surely! Who wouldn't believe that?"
"Attention, London!" he yells over the edge and into the city. "I've got an announcement to make."
“Are you sure?” John quietly asks. “That you’re happy, I mean. Forgive me for saying it, but you don’t really seem so.”
"I'm sorry. I should take this. I’ll only be two minutes." He tucks his hand beneath John's chin, planting a firm kiss on his mouth. "Just...don't go anywhere? Please."
“That’s the thing. We can’t share his location,” Molly says. “Mostly because we don’t know it ourselves.”
“Great,” she says. “You doing alright?”
John chalks it up to his own inexperience.
Once out of Sherlock’s bed on this particular Sunday, things feel very different, yet most things remain the same. They carry on with their mornings and afternoons as before: toast and tea for breakfast, John’s shift at the clinic, Sherlock solving crimes all day like the divine intellectual that he is.
Her eyes shift to Irene, then to Molly, as if expecting them to protest, but they only await her response. “Did he?” She relaxes. “Guess he decided it was worth revealing.” She shrugs. “Yes. You’re correct. I'm Mary. But from what I’ve gathered, you don’t get too miffed over false names?”
"I know, mate. I'm spinning. Perhaps you shouldn't feed me espresso at ten o'clock at night."
“Hey, Sherlock,” John answers. “Almost finished up at the morgue?”
Today, like every Christmas, John lets himself be warmed by the glow of happiness. Though it's unlike any Christmas he’s experienced, there is certainly something in the air that feels like magic.
“Morning, darling.” Gabriela's voice comes from the seat next to him. “Our plane has just landed.”
“Fuck’s sake,” John grumbles. “Have you come up with yet another plan to ruin the evening? What the hell do you want from me?”
Nothing like that has happened before. It's slightly bewildering. John has touched him, of course, incidentally—a light tap on the shoulder. Tugging at his sleeve. Plucking twigs from his coat lapels after a stakeout in the woods. But never has it lingered. Never has it been deliberate. Never has it been gentle.
," Sherlock emphasises. "...And you can choose one object to save from the fire. What do you choose?"
Sherlock pouts. “And John.”
“Touch yourself for me, love," he says.
William fumbles with John's trouser buttons. “Removing your clothes, in a darkened swimming pool.” He tugs them apart. “May I?”
“You have a point, Lestrade,” Sherlock interrupts. “I suppose I ought to be thanking you both for saving my life. So yes. Thank you."
Mycroft peers at his younger brother meaningfully. "I'm afraid I have no power over that, especially as you insisted Mister Watson accompany you."
Sherlock rips his lips from John's again. "Oh, god."
Mary Nichols. Meena Natale.
Because once John has fallen asleep, Sherlock opens his eyes. He runs his gaze over John's soft, form-fitting cotton undershirt. Most of the time, John dresses like a man twice his age, but at bedtime, he wears tight cotton tee shirts. Sherlock likes to think that he's the only one allowed to see John like this.
Two rounds and one draught beer in, their game of “pool” becomes a game of “strip pool." It's exactly like regular pool—but with less clothing.
“See you in five minutes," Sherlock replies, and he slips away into the next room.
The earnest smile on John’s face fades to an impish grin. “Of course. Whatever you like.”
“Tell him about the Instagram,” Gabriela suggests.
"Good lord. Stop arguing. Just
John looks at him, expression irritatingly neutral.  "Not sure what you mean."
“See you soon, Sherlock.”
“Yes. That’s true."
John frowns. "What? Why?"
He needs a stiffer drink.
"Brilliant performance, John!"
Sherlock lifts an eyebrow. “You already knew? And you‘re alright with it?”
“Is it true that you haven’t taken any cases since I’ve been away?”
“Hey, John.” She waves. “How’s it going?”
"And I most definitely noticed others noticing you," John says. "It drove me mad with anger--so much that at times, it was physically painful. But I was too deep in denial to understand why. I didn't know that I wanted you then; all I knew was that I didn't want them wanting you."
“He’s not far," she says quietly. "He’s staying at a house in a small city just beyond the military base.”
At half six, William asks John to name his favourite Christmas song, and John tells him that it’s
She holds up her forefinger, signaling for him to wait, and she whispers something in Gabriela’s ear. Gabriela nods, reaches over her, and takes John by the hand.
Eventually, Sally exhales a whoosh of air. “Wow.”
new. Or is it? No. It’s not new, Sherlock realises. Sherlock is just an idiot—perhaps an even bigger idiot than John, and that’s quite profound.
John forgets that it’s cold outside until Sarah’s teeth begin to chatter.
Sherlock nods and takes his hand. "I'll follow you. Always."
“And why not?”
"Very observant." Sherlock rolls over to his side, away from him. He knows he's being a brat, but he desperately wishes John would leave and let him sulk in peace.
"Ha! Funny." Lestrade stares at the two men, waiting for them to acknowledge the humour in it. "Oh. You're serious?"
John, continuing to let his fingers drift over Sherlock's scalp, lifts his other hand and places it softly onto his cheek.
Sherlock sets his laptop aside and rises from his chair. He walks to the chair that belongs to John, and he grabs it by the arms, and he pushes it into the dining room. He throws a duvet over it. He gathers as many newspapers as he can find strewn about the apartment, and he tosses them into a pile on the chair.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Irene.” He clears his throat.
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock says softly.
"Three years," John blurts at the exact same time.
“Heard it,” John chuckles.
John smiles at him again. And the moon still reflects off his hair. And his stubble is still irresistible. And his shirt is still form-fitting and soft.
Then, John reaches up a hand to gently remove something from Sherlock's hair, and that’s also nice.
William pulls his arm away. “I don’t have to do anything.”
When he’s back at Baker Street on his own, he’s actually begun to crave it. He craves the praise and the attention. He craves the kissing and the handholding. He craves John’s taste. He craves John’s smell. He craves John’s voice. He even craves John’s stupid television programmes. He craves John, full stop. He craves him each and every second their bodies are not entangled.
"I'm sorry, Sherlock," Molly apologises. "But Mrs. Hudson and I have been hoping the two of you would come to your senses for years. I was just so happy to hear about your night together. I couldn't
“Night, Sherlock.” John heads off to their bedroom just as Sherlock finishes washing his face.
“You are honestly so obsessed with the idea of my kissing someone that you’re suggesting I kiss a stranger?”
Perhaps I should reintroduce myself. My name is Sherlock Holmes, although you know me by another. And a bit over two years ago, I died.
John’s eyes go wide. “Wait.” He looks back over at the skull. “Do you...communicate with the dead?”
John hums in agreement as he rises to the tips of his toes, taking Sherlock in and kissing him deeply. It's a kiss sweeter than a fine wine; more tender than a lullaby.
“Good.” Sherlock holds out both hands, palms facing up. John gingerly places his own atop Sherlock’s; they’re soft and stained with dye from the dandelions.
“Me, too,” John murmurs, knowing he’s actually the luckier one. He pulls Sherlock even closer, somehow, and he falls asleep floating on top of cloud nine.
Sherlock looks down, pushing his gorgeous hair back. “I wish I could promise you the same.”
The silence ends when Sherlock takes John steadily in hand, and with one stroke, John is gone. His cock spasms vigorously, pouring streams of hot liquid over Sherlock's fingers.
,” Sherlock says sharply, and he coughs so dramatically that John stops mid-sentence. “Do you remember that—
“Other than me you mean? No, I don’t mean that. I did love him. I just couldn't live with him any more.” Anthony looked sadly down at his hands resting on the desk. “I can’t think of anyone. People liked James.”
“I climbed the trellis. Really John, you should be more careful sleeping with your window open.”
They walked together down the high street until they came to a newsagents. Sherlock walked them inside muttering something about small town gossips under his breath. As they approached the counter, behind which a middle aged woman was leaning reading a paper, John was surprised to see a transformation take place over Sherlock. He slouched down a bit to reduce his impressive height and, adjusted his face somehow. Instead of looking superiorly intelligent and curious he now seemed relaxed, open and friendly. Sherlock gave the woman a large smile. It looked genuine, though John was sure that it was nothing but an act. An impressive act though.
Sherlock bit his bottom lip, “You and Jess are….” he trailed off.
Monday dawned bright and sunny for once. The leaves on the trees were changing colours and the yellow and orange against the bright blue sky made the work site actually look beautiful for once. John approached the break cabin, as he needed to pick up his high vis vest and his trowel. Betty, the farmer’s dog, ran up to him with her whole back half wiggling in joy.
“John.” said Sherlock.
John stared at Sherlock. How did he know this?
Sherlock leaned forward over the bar eagerly, “Anthony who?”
, his subconscious unhelpfully supplied.
After finding that Sophie had very little information to share John had limped his way up to the library. Only to find that the library was closed on Mondays. He peered through the windows into the darkened room beyond to see if perhaps Sherlock had broken in, but there was no movement. He tried the door, and finding it locked, gave up. He limped home.
Sherlock nodded back to the photo in John’s hand, “If he’d been the one to decide to break up he wouldn’t have kept the photo.” At this Sherlock took the photo from John, and his voice turned a bit wistful, “but no, he kept this in pride of place on the mantle. Sentiment.” He put the frame back onto the mantlepiece, then took out his phone and snapped a picture of it. “I doubt that there’s anything else useful here, but you go check the bedroom and I’ll look in the bathroom.”
“Shots is cheating” David muttered.
“Fat lot of good that’ll do,” said Sherlock, pulling a pack of cigarettes out of his pocket.
“You and that posh twat” here he nodded in the direction that Sherlock had gone, “I know what you’ve been up to.”
Sherlock shushed him “Keep an eye out for Sarah coming back.” He hummed to himself as he started going through the dead man’s pockets. John started to shift anxiously. This was making him nervous. What was Sherlock doing? Just as he started to think to himself that he should drag Sherlock away from the body before he contaminated it any more, Sherlock stood up.
“Nup.” said John.
When John next woke the room was in darkness. He shifted to his side to look at his digital clock. It read 1 am. He’d been asleep for over ten hours! He was lying on top of his duvet, in only his pants. The room was cold and goosebumps prickled across his skin. It wasn’t this that had woken him though. He had a keen feeling that there’d been a noise, or something. Suddenly there was a scrape in the far corner of his room, the one furthest from the window and therefore the darkest.  He was sure this was what had probably woken him. Heart beating faster John slowly raised himself up on to his elbows, took a breath and looked into the corner. There was a tall, dark outline there. The outline of a man standing at the edge of the bed. Before John could even say anything the outline stepped closer, and into a patch of moonlight coming from the window.
, but all his attention keeps being relentlessly driven back to John's hands. They've shifted now; one on his bicep and one on his hip to help hoist him to his feet. They grip tighter and dig into his flesh and muscle. Sherlock's brain takes a sharp detour and he can't seem to steer it away from its unshakable preoccupation with John's hands.
"Yeah. Ok."
As she settles into her seat, I visually scan the room for threat. I can't help but take note of the glint of glass in the upper corner of the room. Given the constant monitoring I've been living under at Baker Street, it immediately sets me on edge. As she flips open her pad and clicks her pen, I force my gaze back down to her and try to push that needling awareness of a potential threat to the back of my mind for the moment.
being a right idiot. No ego there!” Lestrade puts on a false voice, high and lilting, “Oh, I had my heart set on mass destruction and world domination but I’ve no mad, brilliant genius to possibly botch up my plans... I guess I’ll just go make pasties or work in the supermarket or something.” Lestrade laughs and Sherlock swallows, a bit of heat creeping into his face at how silly it sounds when put that way. “Evil’d been happy to run roughshod over good people either way. You gave us a fighting chance.”
probably didn't do that.
He takes a deep breath and the scent of John is unhelpfully supplied by his manipulative mind; calling him back to the fantasy. He growls in frustration.
John squishes his eyes closed and rubs at his temples where there is a low throb. The rhythmic beeping of medical monitors grates on his nerves and the sharp scent of antiseptic and bleach makes his stomach clench. His brain feels slightly fuzzy, like it's wrapped in cotton.
Sherlock's mouth now feels strangely empty, with the lingering taste of John in it. The wet path John's fingers left on his lips when they retreated, now chilling in the cool air. The memory of the weight of those fingers on his tongue and John's body pressing him down seem to be enough to immobilize him into a temporary paralysis.
“Yes, John,” Sherlock breathes into John’s ear. His whole body is shaking with a fluctuating combination of fear, desire and anticipation. His fingers shake and slip as he briskly peels away John’s pants. He glances down and swallows another moan.
His eyes slide back to Sherlock and he is startled at what he sees. Three days of sleep deprivation for a case followed by a night in the hospital have most definitely taken their toll. Those big, blue-gray eyes are liquid as if barely restraining tears and he is leaning forward and holding on to the edge of the bed with a fierce grip. His eyes are intensely focused and his jaw is clenched.
Slowing the swirling pace of his thoughts.
The last two days the camp has been crawling with a dozen or so officers - poking their noses into everything. It is not unusual for the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers to be host to classes of newly minted officers several times a year. It seems that, as one of the more active but relatively secure frontline camps, the base gives officers (that are unlikely to see action otherwise) a vicarious taste of the grit and grind inherent to the most dangerous assignments. They come, hang about for a few days, collect stories and shake hands, then retreat back to their comfy posts.
“I think you did. All of us owe you. You any idea how buggered we would have been if Moriarty or The Game Master came along and you weren’t here to help?” Lestrade whistles a plunging note as he turns his eyes to the ceiling.
A flutter of panic breaks through the peaceful agony of arousal swathing Sherlock.
wanted John to want him, but he’d been afraid and handled it all wrong.
misconception now.
Sherlock sucks in a deep breath; overwhelmed
As John trudges away from the crime scene, Sargent Donovan’s words still cling to him like a dark storm cloud. Without preamble (and a bit as if she'd known exactly what he’d been working towards the entire evening) Donovon had shouted at John that he is
“What’s it
and it hurts.
He feels the bile churn in his stomach, trying to creep up his throat. A deep-seated hatred for the inherent flaws, the insistent demands and the uncontrollable urges of his
thing is starting to make a bit more sense,” John looks up from under his lashes and grins mischievously. “Is my head going to end up in the fridge? I have to be honest, that's
“Come back soon,” she says in a suggestive tone as I step away with my arms laden down with bags. She pushes her hair behind her ear, looks up at me and bites her bottom lip.
I don’t hate it. -SH
John releases a tiny gust of air. He’s not sure how long he’s been holding his breath, but between that and Sherlock’s sweltering gaze, he’s become rather lightheaded.
“Aw.” Gabriela leans forward and kisses Sarah on her forehead. “You’re adorable when you’re jealous.”
“Mm.” John responds mildly.
The driver smiles at him. "You're very brave," he remarks kindly. "It's no wonder he likes you so much."
"That okay?" John asks.
And Sherlock does just that.
He makes a valiant effort to diffuse the situation.
“No clue?” Mycroft lifts an eyebrow at him. “Alright. Explain the rings.”
I didn’t want to die. I died because I had to.
John breathes steadily. "Sherlock."
“We’ve got a place,” Molly says. “Not far from here. We can grab a taxi.”
Irene stands, then, at the foot of the bed, pulling Gabriela up by her hand. She turns to her, smoothing down her silk robe. “Sorry I pulled a knife on you, darling. I promise it won’t happen next time.” She coyly looks up at her beneath her long lashes. “Unless that’s what you like.”
Please, Brook. For me."
For a few moments, they silently cling to one another, swaying to the music of the storm. Sherlock's presence makes everything beautiful. The rain becomes tranquil. The wind becomes invigorating; the air thick and sweet like honey.
William strolls towards him, pursing his lips in annoyance. “I’m afraid that’s impossible. We’re closing soon.”
And that’s when I knew something wasn’t right.” She sighs. “I got out of there as soon as I could without starting a scene.”
“Dreams,” John reaffirms. "They're dreams."
They pour drinks across the table for each other—just one of the many signs of endearment that continue to occur this evening.
"It may be good—for both of you—if you let him know why you’re being so careful." She squeezes his hand. "But I know it must be difficult to talk about those things, so whatever you decide, I'll support you."
Yes, sometimes, John thinks that being a couple would suit them quite well. The two of them in their dimly lit corner of the restaurant, just as they always are—but with their conversations interrupted by furtive kisses; their eyes locked in not only fondness, but desire.
Sherlock's eyes flicker open. "Yes?"
Sherlock can sense desperation in the way John moves his hips; in the way he slides his tongue over Sherlock’s lips until he allows them to part. And Sherlock tries to put every word into the kiss that he wants to say, but he can’t. As incredible as it feels to be kissing John, he’s got to say the words out loud.
Sitting at the table is William, wearing his silky tight button-down shirt and pressed grey slacks. His fingers graze his lips, and his gaze burns John through the low light of the dark room.
"She was a brilliant shot, but an incredible moron,” Moriarty continues. “What sort of bodyguard isn't even aware that her client wears a protective vest? Jesus! It's such a rookie mistake. Am I right, Sherlock?"
she repeats insistently, but she bites her bottom lip to hide a grin, and Sherlock knows she’s not as angry as she’s pretending to be. "If he sees you two, this will have been for nothing."
But once Sherlock catches his eye, the grin is wiped from his face. He tucks his chin down and clears his throat. "We look even more convincing now," he says. “Nobody will question whether we’re married.”
Sherlock tightens his grip on the stem of his wine glass. "Everything! Take, for example, the way you're dressed. It's quite odd."
John’s eyes settle on her shimmering pink lips, and he briefly wonders what would happen if he were to kiss her.
“Awwww!” Molly diverts her eyes from the board to Mrs. Hudson. “That’s so nice!”
Sherlock sighs. He deeply detests the amount of stubborn John Watson is. "What would I do if you got hurt again, like the last time? Or god forbid, something worse?"
"Oh!" He gasps deeply, pressing his hand to John's chest. "I've figured it out...why everyone knows that we're together."
Sherlock’s eyelids fall closed. He sighs blissfully as John cards his fingers through his hair, gliding them over his cheeks and tracing his jawbone, brushing his lips with his.
Sherlock tucks his fingers beneath John's lower back and grabs tightly onto his buttocks. And when he takes John into his mouth, it's deep and wet and without warning.
know." Sherlock dusts himself off, refusing to meet Moriarty's eyes. "That's what makes this all even more odd."
He’s got to move on, hasn’t he?
Sherlock snaps out of his haze. “I
It’s unclear to Sherlock, however, why he is reacting in such a manner. It is, after all, the perfect solution to their problems.
John turns, finding himself face to face with the other man. “Does that bother you somehow?”
John smiles as he types his response.
"No matter what happens," he reminds John, "we will always find one another again."
John feels a light thrill in his chest. There’s no way he could have fathomed Sherlock’s behaviour that night, but now he understands. He did grow a bit possessive himself when he saw Irene and Sherlock chatting at the bar. And at the time, he didn’t understand it either.
under the influence of Mrs. Hudson’s brownies?" he asks.
Sherlock stirs lightly. “Mmmm,” he grumbles. “Did you check your phone?”
"Ha."
Mary throws her head back and laughs. “You can blame Sherlock for that one.”
He’s wrong.
"Ready."
He sleeps.
”Oh, no...what?”
"Have you ever played Twenty Questions?" John asks. "I feel like you'd be good at that game. It's basically just deducing."
John braces himself. “If he hurt you—“
The man scoffs. He reaches into his pocket, his fingers sliding past the holster of his well-polished gun. “If you’re searching for Sherlock Holmes,” he says, “I regret to inform you that you’re out of luck. Sherlock Holmes, as the world has come to know him, is dead.”
John bows his head as his hands fall to Sherlock's shoulders. “Your observations. All of those things you said about me. They were right, you know."
John walks into the building and checks Molly’s photo: she’s in front of a bookshelf labeled QED72. After finding the location on the directory, he hurriedly makes his way towards the room. When he arrives, however, there’s not a person in sight.
“Mm-hmm,” John responds, cool as a cucumber. “Now was that...right before he faked his own death and fled to another continent, just so he wouldn’t have to see you again?” He lets out a low whistle. “Hate to tell you, mate, but it sounds like he’s not that into you.”
“Yeah, I’ve heard of the murders," he says nonchalantly as they sit for lunch between lectures. ”I thought of you, of course. Right up your alley, isn’t it?”
John's eyes finally open, carrying his gaze over to the woman on the sofa. She smiles at him softly.
Gathering his wits and pulling his shirt back together, he spins on his knees to face the other man. "John," he repeats, his hand over his own mouth. He drops his voice to a furtive whisper. "We're kissing!"
A low rumble of laughter. “Because you hadn’t met
“I’m here, Sherlock.” John rakes his fingertips through Sherlock's hair, voice as hushed and soothing as it is certain.
Sherlock, filled with relief, spins his body towards Brook's and pulls him into a tight embrace.
He may be a genius, but adapting to novel situations isn’t exactly Sherlock’s strong suit. That’s where John usually comes in. He scans the area rapidly for a place to take cover. Spotting an awning tucked back into another alleyway, he turns to Sherlock and holds out his hand. “Follow me!” he says.
"Mmmm...maybe."
Sherlock’s attention returns to Lestrade.
He holds his phone up to John once more.
“Lie down next to me, John.”
"Were the two of you very close?"
“Shut up!” Moriarty roars, his voice softening again in the words that follow. “There are rules. And we must play by the rules—we wait until sunrise.”
A dear friend of mine, Sergeant Lestrade, led the investigation and handled the press, ensuring my death appeared to be real. My brother, who works for the British government, was able to build a new identity for me and send me to the US. I was to be William Scott, a bartender in Boston. I soon met Molly, Irene, and Mary, who were enlisted by my brother for my protection. Besides their being somewhat of a family away from home, each of them possesses their own invaluable skill. Molly is a technological genius. Irene is powerful and influential among people of a higher status, and has the remarkable ability to get people to talk. And Mary is a skilled weapons artist with a sharper shot than anyone I’ve ever met.
In the morning, when John leaves, Gabriela still sleeps. He pens a note to her and places it on the counter.
Looking down from the third floor of Bart's hospital. Prepared to fall. And John, who looks up at him from the pavement, desperately begs for him to come down. But he can't. John does not, cannot understand that Sherlock is doing it for him.
In the past two weeks, he’s learned that being John’s boyfriend is quite immeasurable in O-SHIT terms. If it were measurable, however, he estimates it would be somewhere in the realm of nine hundred billion trillion quadrillion.
“No. Sherlock, listen to me.” John grazes Sherlock's cheekbones with his fingers. “This isn’t how it ends.”
With a wicked grin, he pulls the trigger.
Outside the flat, there are only little changes: in the way they gaze at each other over a corpse at a crime scene just a tad longer than before. In the way John can’t seem to control the corners of his mouth from turning up whenever Sherlock says his name. But best of all, in the way Sherlock no longer has to pretend that his staring at John’s arse is accidental.
“Yes.”
John wanders in and towards the back, although it feels as though he's treading through sludge. Clothing is strewn about the room. Teacups and plates on the floor in front of open cabinets, as if someone left in a hurry.
is the love of your life, Sherlock? He’s more...diminutive than I imagined. A pity, really.” He side-eyes John, who still has him in a tight hold. “You think you can satisfy him, John? You wouldn’t believe what he can do, this one. I had him first, you know.”
Moriarty leers at him. “My brilliant friend,” he says, his smile gaping like a clown’s. “How I’ve missed you.”
Sherlock's heart warms for the captivating, endearing man in his lap. "Love you, too."
Sherlock watches him go. He doesn’t like any of this, actually.
"Hi." She smiles at Anderson.
“Not a word.”
(His third mistake, apparently—though Sherlock refuses to answer for Stravinsky's sweeping interpretation of the bassoon's chromatic range). He finds her just before intermission, during the climax of Danse de la terre, on the third floor next to a row of xylophones.
John repositions himself in his armchair. “No. But swipe left anyway.”
The sun sends the cloud forest ablaze, and John disappears.
John clears his throat. “I’m not entirely sure, but I’m guessing he’ll be at The Strand.”
"I love that idea," Sherlock says, plunging his tongue back into John's mouth with a keen sense of urgency.
Sherlock’s heart clenches. He’s never been called...never has someone been fond enough of him to… It occurs to him momentarily that he ought to be repulsed by such a word, as he usually detests terms of endearment. But with John...it’s different.
"Yes,” John agrees. “Please. Take me back.” He takes Sherlock's hands and closes his eyes.
Sherlock rolls his eyes, teetering once again on the edge of his patience. “It died
She squeezes his hand. “Sarah says you can, as long as she’s allowed to watch.” She lets go of his hand. “It’s ultimately up to you, though." She stands. "I’m going to return to the sofa, get on my hands and knees, and eat out my girlfriend. You can stay here and watch for as long as you’d like; or you can join me on the floor and watch us while you fuck me from behind."
“Were they real to
"Yes, of course."
Perhaps he was never all that good with words, anyway.
“Gabriela, I…” John clears his throat. “Although I appreciate the offer, I can’t ask you to—“
“Lads and ladies of Las Vegas,” he declares jubilantly. “Welcome to our show: A Life for a Life! When the sun comes up, a life will be taken. Whose life will it be? Will it be our brave hero, John Watson? Or will it be his lascivious lover, Sherlock Holmes? The stakes are high, but so is the Stratosphere hotel and casino—so stay tuned to see why that’s relevant!”
A hospital. Bruises. Broken bones. Medicine. Monitors. Doctors. A pretend marriage; a love that was not pretend. Kisses. Holding hands. Making love.
“All of my memories were of you.” He chuckles, shaking his head with disbelief. “Almost forty years on earth, and you were all I could think of.” His smile fades a bit. “That’s when I realised that you
"You really ought to get off the floor," he says in a soothing voice. "You've been sulking for days now. As your doctor, I worry."
"Yes, I believe so.” John smiles. “First things first, though." He raises his hand to the errant curl and brushes it back behind Sherlock's ear.
"I'm just wondering what on earth has gotten into you tonight."
"Yes. During our first case together." Sherlock feels a blushing heat spread over his face as he remembers that evening.
“Sherlock is a grown man. With a free will. Capable of making his own decisions. Don’t you think it’s time you stop meddling?”
“I will be the one who dies,” Sherlock rasps, his voice dry from disuse. “This is not a game, Moriarty. You wanted a life, and I am here. You have found me. You’ve already won.”
John soon returns to his bedroom with a glass of water and a bottle of medicine. “Who were you talking to?”
"Yes!" Lestrade exclaims. "Two weeks, can you believe it? Put Donovan on so I can tell her!"
“I’m great. I met a beautiful woman, I drank for free all evening, and I’ve got cake.”
“Mmm, that does sound fun,” Sherlock agrees. “And it’s something I’d consider. But for the time being, I think I simply want you to be John.”
“Awwww.” Sarah lays her head on Gabriela’s shoulder.
the reason Sherlock is like this.
John's smile fades abruptly, and Sherlock senses that there's something he wants to say.
John is skilled at things, too. He's skilled at doctoring. Soldiering. Doctor-soldiering. Orgasms. Carrying himself in an oddly endearing manner while dressed like a man twice his age. He's also astoundingly skilled at the Sunday crossword. Sherlock knows approximately thirty percent of the aforementioned due to personal experience; the other seventy percent, he's simply deduced.
“It’s alright, Sherlock. I know you, and I expected this. There’s no hurry. And if you’re never ready to approach the topic, that’s fine as well. We will still be friends, if that’s what you want.”
His vision is blurred from tears. But as he glides his fingers over Sherlock’s chest, he finally feels it: a tiny bullet. It’s lodged into Sherlock—
"Hold on to me," Sherlock murmurs—so John clutches onto his shoulders, leaning forwards and resting their foreheads together. Their eyes drift shut, and Sherlock arches his hips upwards; John bears back down onto him until they fall into a familiar pattern. Sighing and moaning and burning for each other, they make love.
He shifts his gaze back to Sherlock, who he finds gazing back. Across the rows of seats, they grin fondly at one another. “Yeah. I love him more than anything.”
Sherlock glowers at the mere mention of this man, and John suddenly notes how similar the two of them look.
He wonders if he ought to ignore her. He probably would—if he weren’t so desperately longing for a distraction.
They celebrate next Christmas at The Strand, surrounded by everyone they love. Mycroft and Lestrade are tipsy and holding hands beneath the corner table—though not as furtively as they seem to believe. Stamford and Elizabeth dance slowly to jazz music, their eyes sparkling as much as the ring he put on her finger the day before.
The planchette moves to:
yet. And now that you’ve carelessly allowed yourself to fall in love, I cannot wait to rip the two of you apart.”
“How certain, exactly?”
"Yes. You're right. Sorry. Let's go."
John's once-deep strokes become soft caresses, sending chills through Sherlock's body. Sherlock simply cannot get enough of this. John’s hands must be magic. For the first time in as long as he can remember, his head feels clear, and so he simply lets himself be.
"To the bespectacled woman at the patisserie!"
Moriarty tosses his head back and laughs; it’s not a pleasant sound. “Just as impertinent as ever, Mister Holmes.”
"Moriarty!"
“Nah,” Mary says. “Don’t worry about that. I’m the one he’ll be angry with. So don’t waste any quality snogging time with that.”
"Peanut butter and butter."
John actually fears he may become overheated and melt into a puddle from Sherlock’s simple, barely-there touch. But Sherlock, thankfully, doesn’t seem to notice how awkward he has become. Even better— he doesn’t pull away. Neither of them do. And although John is hot, hot, hot—he is frozen in place, and couldn’t move away if he wanted to.
Who knew that attention from John could be so addictive? And in true addict form, Sherlock wants every bit of it. This seems to work in his favour, because tonight, John is giving it all to him.
who texted me?"
Sherlock feels his face go beet red, but he doesn’t allow himself to be deterred. Scowling at John, he inhales deeply, summoning all of his strength. He winds back and sprints forward, ramming into the other man with his upper body.
He’s close. Close enough for the two of them to kiss. John wonders, for a moment, if they might.
?” Sherlock asks.
A surge of panic stabs Sherlock in the chest as he recalls Moriarty behind him—he hasn't made a peep since John arrived. Sherlock begins to turn, but John firmly clasps the side of his cheek, pulling him back to face him.
The two of them make their way down through the twisted alleyways, the dense, foggy air filling their lungs. And this—this will always be one of Sherlock's favourite sensations—even moreso when he and John are running side-by-side, hand-in-hand.
"No?" John immediately wraps his fingers around the stem of his glass.
"I'm his husband," Sherlock says with confidence.
“Understatement. You were a complete knob. But of course I forgive you. Is that what this is all—?”
"Since always!" John's nerves are causing his brain to go completely haywire, and his mouth is not far behind.
“Why?"
“A clue?” Sarah teases. "What are you, like, a detective now?"
Gabriela tosses John’s trousers at him, and he quickly begins to get dressed. “Wait, Sarah—“ he pauses. “Haven’t you been drinking?”
There’s a thrill in not knowing whether you are the predator or the prey—will you pounce first, or will you first be pounced upon?
John sighs with frustration. Well, whatever the truth is about Molly, she doesn’t appear to be here at the moment; and if he can't talk to her, there’s no point in being here at all.
Sherlock smiles, because he does know.
John carefully inserts the tip of his finger into Sherlock's warm heat—but Sherlock, with the same sense of urgency and passion and desperation, bears down fully onto him.
John leans over to peek through the entryway. "That's good, I suppose? Where did you find it?"
He still wears his wedding ring.
He stealthily slips his fingers beneath John’s trousers. John inhales sharply as they tickle the head of his cock. “You’re insatiable,” he teases. “We’re...nnngh… about to finish. Can we...ahhhh… watch the rest of it?”
I was walking into Brook’s laboratory the moment I solved the murders. There he was, staring down at his documents in the same manner he had every day in the years I’d known him. He was Brook, and then he wasn’t.
“I’m afraid not.” Mrs. Hudson shakes her head. “Just...tell her I’m sorry, as well.” The sad look in Mrs. Hudson’s eyes tells that she knows exactly what she’s saying, however. And for a moment, Sherlock wonders if she’s feeling what John would feel if he lost him.
Lestrade stares at them for several seconds before answering. "No...do
As he leaves, Gabriela hugs him. And then Sarah does. And then Gabriela does again. And then Sarah joins her, and the three of them hug and pretend they aren’t becoming emotional. The girls wish him luck, and he promises to message them as soon as he figures things out.
”Thank you,” he murmurs, and he finds himself in a vaguely familiar position. Brook’s arms are around his waist, his stubbled jaw pressed against Sherlock's cool skin. Sherlock feels an urge that was at one time completely foreign; but he's not as naive as he was before—and he is no longer Brook's student.
John never gave up on him. He was the first.
And with that, the planchette slides to its final word:
... irregular beat, their pulses echoing in their ears like drums to match the irregularity of it all.
”Sorry to, erm...interrupt,” he says. “But the weather has cleared up slightly. Molly, I’ve called you an Uber. It should be here in about two minutes.”
On a balmy August evening—ten weeks after returning home—John finally kisses Sherlock again.
John’s heart jumps into his throat as she saunters by—tugged upon both by relief and nervousness. He’s glad she showed, but is apprehensive about what the night could potentially bring.
Sherlock uncovers his face completely. “And would you maybe want to be...friends...who kiss sometimes? I’d like that even more.”
(military service excluded): Nobody (lie)
The morning comes far too soon, but that’s not the only thing which makes John’s waking moments nerve-wracking.
John says nothing further; he only looks back expectantly. Sherlock, for the first time, realises just how lovely those bright blue magnets are, and that perhaps he might
John wonders, for a moment, if he will come rushing over to him, but he doesn’t.
Much will change, but much will be the same.
The world below them approaches, and the end of the fall begins. Sherlock whispers in John's ear that he loves him. And even through the deafening sound of the wind, he hears John say it back.
William’s mouth drops and his cigarette falls to the floor. “Have we met?” he asks, peering into his eyes with obvious defiance.
John’s voice startles him so much that he drops his phone. “What? Why?”
always said!” Anderson—who has been silently lounging against the coffee table for quite some time—suddenly sits upright. "There isn’t a more boring, forgettable name than
Sherlock shuffles over and lays his head onto John’s shoulder, snuggling into him. "John."
"Of course." Sherlock clears his throat. "That's not what I mean, though."
The case came together all at once, and all clues pointed to him.
"Yes." Sherlock yawns, and his eyelids begin growing heavy.
"Are you asking me to provide evidence based on my observations?”
Sherlock kisses with unrestrained enthusiasm—as if he's never been kissed before, as though the joy is something he thought he might never know. And John wonders if he has ever truly been kissed himself—because nothing has ever come close to the taste of Sherlock’s lips. Richer than merlot. Sweeter than moscato.
They approach Sherlock’s door and turn to each other to bid farewell.
“The way we're holding our hands." Sherlock squeezes softly. “With our fingers knotted together."
John finally releases the breath he’s been holding. “Do what?”
The sun sets over the snow-dusted city landscape—turning the sky six shades of purple and blue.
"Michelle! The woman at the patisserie."
The lights are shut off at Baker Street when Sherlock returns at a quarter to midnight; it appears John has not waited up for him. Not that Sherlock expects him to, of course—but there's a melancholy part of him that wishes they were able to carry out their evening routine of talking for hours. However, if they did, and they sat in bed and talked and talked and talked, chances are, they'd end up talking about last night.
“You were wrong, you know,” he says. “Even after all that’s happened, I don’t regret a thing.”
John drifts his fingers aimlessly over his scalp. “Good. I hope that I can continue to surprise you for a very long time.”
With his answer, Gabriela’s face lights up, and she grins widely at him before returning to her book.
“So what’s the improbable truth, then?” Sarah asks.
Gabriela shrugs. “You never asked. So when do we fly out?”
To hell with this. There’s no harm in wishing him well. Sherlock picks up his mobile phone and he types a message:
"I think I would.”
“Perhaps you could help me understand what it is you actually want.” John meets his gaze. "Because the messages you're sending are a bit...muddled."
“Mm.” John presses his warm lips against Sherlock’s neck. “You keep saying that.”
Sherlock is 100% serious, though.
"Yeah?"
Gabriela saunters off to the kitchen to make him a drink, her wavy hair cascading down her shoulders. Her tight shirt barely contains her curves, and her skirt is slung just below her bare hips, right at the dimples of her back.
“You don’t even want to know what it feels like?” John asks, his tone heroically casual.
“Sherlock.” John tugs at his sleeve—a simple action, but it’s both delicate and commanding; so intimate that it sends sparks flying through him.
Sherlock nods slowly as it becomes clearer what John is saying: his unwillingness to discuss Sherlock's past is rooted in fear. Fear of returning to a state of anger and confusion. And it dawns on him as well that back then, many of his own actions were rooted in the same denial.
John pulls out his skin-tight dark denim trousers, a soft burgundy jumper, and brown leather boots. He teases his hair a bit, applies a whisper of black eyeliner, and spritzes on his second most expensive cologne.
John is right—there are no wild bear species in Africa. 😔😔😔
They make love, right there on the hard floor, and it's sweaty and awkward and beautiful. And they climax so urgently and simultaneously that it almost feels like a single orgasm rather than two.
soon,” Sherlock utters. “And now that they’ve honed in on your whereabouts, there is nothing keeping you alive.”
"That so?"
my life, Sherlock. Or at least, that I didn't have much of one before you came into it. I knew then that I loved you. And I regretted that I didn't know it sooner, because I would have told you."
It's absolutely miraculous how composed Sherlock is—especially considering the mental gymnastics he's hurdling through. Because even though he's kissing John like this, he’s thinking of doing those
John exhales with—something. It feels a bit like defeat. "What, William?"
“Sherlock.” John finally breaks the silence.
With no mobile service and no John, he was left to scour some Cosmo-whatnot magazine. There was an article he skimmed through with the title:
Sherlock eventually settles for some bloke from Soho, and John knows nothing about him, except that he hates him a lot.
John calls from his own phone. Three rings. A few seconds of jazz music, followed by a sensual voice:
But when John and Sherlock are having dinner, the sun begins to set over the Thames. And the candle's flame always casts golden waves across Sherlock's skin, and John always looks. It's one of his favourite parts about dinner with Sherlock: that he's allowed to look for as long as he likes without finding a reason.
Molly has always told Sherlock that possessiveness is a toxic trait. Hmph. She doesn't exactly have the best sense when it comes to men, does she? And though Sherlock's never said it out loud, this type of attention from John is something he came to crave even before they were lovers. The knowledge that Captain John Watson is driven mad by his desire for
“Yes.” Sherlock swallows thickly. “Bad dream."
"No. John, no."
The night is not over yet. And there’s so much John could say in the time they’ve got. So much he
Sherlock presses his lips together. “The man I was meeting just sent me a text message to cancel.”
It’s past midnight, and they ring in the second day of the year by sitting at a cafe booth holding large mugs of lukewarm black coffee. John orders frozen yoghurt and the girls share something called a whoopee pie, a Massachusetts staple that John can't even say the name of while keeping a straight face.
Sylvia.”
But I need you to swear that you will not try to find me. Because Moriarty is going to find me as well. And he will go for my heart, and then, he will go for my life. And he cannot,
John lifts his head to look him in the eye. "When you and I are here together, Sherlock—in our room, in our bed—nothing bad can happen to us."
“Ah.” John averts his eyes. “Good.”
It makes sense, John thinks. Their limbs have become pleasantly bosom beneath the table, so he supposes this is a logical progression of body to body contact. And assuming neither of them have additional limbs, he can only imagine what might ensue.
“Yes, yes. Good." John drops his gaze to Sherlock's lap and bites his bottom lip with satisfaction. "You are so fucking gorgeous when you touch yourself like that. So fucking gorgeous."
Gabriela groans. “Fuck me,
"My point is: I didn't care." Sherlock raises his head to the sky as a single star peeks out from the clouds. "John, you challenged my beliefs, and I didn't care, because I was happier than I'd ever been. I didn't know what was happening, and I can't tell you exactly how and when it happened. I only knew I wanted more, and that I wanted you."
Their plane arrives in Boston late that afternoon. Mycroft and Lestrade await them. The moment Sherlock sees his elder brother, he throws his arms around him, which elicits an expression of bewilderment at first—but he soon returns the embrace with a genuineness that surprises them both.
. Pushing him playfully against the kitchen counter, murmuring into his ear. Combing his fingers through his hair, holding on to him and not letting go.
A sudden panic rips through Sherlock. He ends the kiss abruptly, pulling his head from John's lap with a gasp. "John!"
Sherlock places his hand beneath John’s chin and lifts it upwards, kissing him softly on the lips. He then leans away from John, cupping his face in his hands. He beams down at him. “John.”
is exquisite.
"Nothing is the matter, per se," Sherlock responds. "It's just...you're mostly naked right now, and it's all I can think about, and I'm not quite sure what to do about that."
"Yes. I suppose they are."
"Oh! Oh, no." Molly gasps, nearly flailing her scalpel into the air. "It wasn't sex between you two! More than that...it was a
settle down, Sylvia!” He sneers at the board. “And besides, I’m a CARBON MOLECULE!”
“Yeah. Neither do I."
“You—you told us all that you’ve changed,” he says. “That you wanted to save others from people like you.” It’s a benign statement, far from the seething words on the tip of his tongue—but he’s buying time. Soon, Mycroft will know something is wrong, and the police will arrive.
It occurs to him again how thankful he is to have saved Sherlock's life. Though he could have died while doing so, he regrets nothing. Right now, the two of them are here, living this moment together, and he has never felt more alive.
“Yeah, sort of like that, I suppose.”
Sherlock gazes at him silently for a moment. John gazes back.
He keeps kissing him and kissing him and kissing him, and John doesn’t stop kissing him back. Doesn’t stop allowing himself to be kissed, to be adored, to be his.
The door to the room swings open, and John walks through it, and he’s greeted by a familiar voice.
At first, Sherlock regards both of them with an eerie calmness. “He goes with me.” His eyes flash with determination, and his voice is steady as a rock. “This is not open for discussion.”
"Delicious."
“Hmmmm?” Sherlock’s eyes fly open. “What’s the matter?”
“No.” John drops his phone back into his pocket. “I just wish I knew what happened to William."
“Literally everyone.” Molly nods, squeezing his hands. “Except you, that is.”
"Christ," Sherlock exhales on a whoosh of air. "You are amazing."
"Dangerous," Sherlock repeats. A gutting realisation fills his chest. "This is my fault. I shouldn't have brought you with me."
John smiles as he closes the distance between their lips. And as they kiss, right in front of Baker Street, holding one another in the pouring rain, John finally understands what it all means:
"Much." Sherlock softly bites his bottom lip with anticipation.
And the moment he does, memories pour into his mind—if that’s what they can even be called. They aren't
Molly holds the envelope towards John. “He entrusted me with it,” she says. “Therefore, he trusted me to make the best decision. And I truly believe this is it.”
"Mmhmm."
John lifts an eyebrow. "Where could you possibly take me at this hour?"
"You forgot to what the what?"
Sherlock doesn’t sleep that night. At eight in the morning, he sits for his exam, which he passes with flying colours. Immediately afterwards, he returns to Brook’s laboratory, his pulse racing wildly— both for the lab results, and for the fear that Brook might turn him away.
And it only makes him love John even more.
tell her."
John is already at the foot of the stairs before she finishes her sentence.
"We don't have a moment," Sherlock argues. "They've murdered five people already."
He knows that feeling well.
His gaze flickers to the bottle of vodka, and he wraps his fingers around William's wrist. “More of that, please.”
Sherlock’s hands fly up to cover his ears. “What on Earth was that?!” he yells.
“You’re not going to listen to him, though.”
Thank God the man has finally removed his head from his arse.
the reaction Sherlock was hoping for. He pulls his tongue messily back out and sinks in further, and out, and in, delighting in John’s delectable taste. Widens and flattens it and twirls it in circles against John's opening. Presses in as far as he can to open John up, though he’s already relaxing considerably quickly.
“—crack in the lens,” John cuts him off. “Yeah. I know. I’ve read his book, too. And as I’ve already said, I don’t give a fuck about who he was then.” He presses his hand firmly onto the table. “I know who he is now, and he is absolutely capable of love. I’ve seen it. He has friends who are very dear to him, and he’s a good man.”
Lestrade shrugs helplessly. “Told you."
John moans softly. "Ah, yes. I'd say you made the right decision."
“My shins,” Sherlock pouts. “
Sherlock then makes his way over to speak with Molly, who latches onto him, buzzing about how ecstatic she is that their plan worked. He wraps his arms around her shoulders and thanks her, and she buries her face into his chest, tearful and squealing happily.
Sherlock gawks at her, amazed at how she can go from rattling off scientific information to asleep in less than five seconds.
John and Sherlock simply hold on, tethering each other to Earth.
"Is it used for cooking?"
“I really was." John shakes his head. “I’m sorry. Let me explain.”
Mary tilts her head as she callously regards him. “If I’d done that, you never would have seen him again.”
"You're a very good actor. I'm almost convinced you're truly enjoying this."
"Goodnight, John," Sherlock responds. "Rest well."
“He’s gone,” John mutters. “The bar is closed. Indefinitely. And I don’t know how to reach him.”
Afterwards, he challenges William to a game of pool. William pokes fun at him for the way he holds the cue; John teases him for taking a thousand years between plays.
"John!" Sherlock protests. "We're carbon
"Fuck," John groans. His fingers are twisted through the matted, sweaty curls on Sherlock's scalp, and he tugs at them through whimpering moans.
Gabriela nods in agreement. “And once you’ve collected your beautiful man—“ she says with a mischievous smile—“you bring him back here, and we can all have fun together.”
—the very next, he’s behind the house, kneeling onto the floor of the deck. His throat is raw as if he’s already been screaming for hours. His lungs are tight—
“Right. Erm. Holmes. Where are we? And what year is it?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Bliss. It’s one of many words describing the way John feels right now as he lies next to Sherlock. Complete; as if he’s been waiting his entire life for this, and not only a few weeks.
Text message
That’s when he hears a loud gasp of shock from Gabriela, flowed by Irene’s voice, crystal clear, once again.
Stamford is happily eating cake. “Hey, mate! You feeling alright? You look a bit flushed and out of breath."
“Dunno.” She closes it. “I keep reading the same page over and over, but I’m not retaining anything.”
John leans back onto his pillow, flashing Sherlock a glowing smile. Somehow, his smile is even more lovely when Sherlock can also see his abdominals.
Miraculously, they watch the movie to the end. William pretends not to cry. When John wipes a tear away as evidence, he simply grumbles that Irene ought to become better at removing dust from the shelves.
And of course, there's love. The mysterious invisible force which--even more than gravity itself--drives us all in every direction. It's real. Sherlock knows this, now. John Watson has truly made him a believer.
"Mmm? John?" Sherlock's eyes snap open. He jerks his head up from the bed and looks over. "John," he repeats, exhaling with relief. "Oh. You're awake."
"A bit," Sherlock remarks. "But that's not unusual."
Sherlock swallows thickly; his allergic intolerance to emotions appears to have become active again. "Then what is it?" he asks with trepidation. "Why are you upset?"
Sherlock clenches his teeth. “You're not him. Your words have no meaning nor resonance with me. You know nothing of love, you disgusting, vile madman.”
“...And you’re not sure how to respond.”
Moriarty is so close that Sherlock can feel his breath; he can see the veins bulging from his neck. Still, he refuses to look away.
The wooden piece points to the word yes.
He holds his gaze as he makes love to him, his eyes wide and dark, and he tells him that his joy feels absolutely infinite. That there is no greater pleasure than being buried deep inside John’s body, that he loves him more than he ever thought himself capable.
“Where the hell am I?” John sputters as the room continues to fall into focus.
“Am I supposed to ask you, now?”
"John—" he gasps, finally releasing the deep moan of pleasure he's been holding back.
John shoves his phone into his pocket, his eyes stinging with tears. He blinks them back harshly. A refreshing winter breeze blows in, and he tilts his head back as it passes.
Sherlock swallows. “Yes. Because, you know...” His gaze falls to John’s fingers around his wrist. “Your head is precisely the level at which I can smell your hair. Rather difficult not to. Lavender, by the way. New shampoo? Also, you’re quite short, John.”
She turns her head to him and nods. “She did.”
She loosens her grasp substantially before responding. “It’s like I said. Both of you are safe.”
They talk casually for a bit, laughing and having fun, but they never approach any subject of importance.
Brook was arrested and put on leave of absence. Using the evidence I provided, he was charged with five counts of first degree murder.
Texas. Different. Sorry. Continue.”
to read it to me,” he purrs, pushing the laptop towards John.
Sherlock holds him tightly. “You’ve got nothing to apologise for. It’s alright, John. It’s alright. We will be alright.” He repeats the words, knowing how much John needs them, and he strokes John's hair as he cries into his chest.
“Figured as much.” John brushes a kiss to his temple. "You wanna talk about it?”
John’s mouth hangs open, but he stops himself from arguing. “I was caught off guard,” he admits.
He turns his head slowly, slowly, dragging his cheek over Brook's. He hesitates before their lips meet, allowing Brook the chance to break away or protest. He doesn't; he slides his fingers to the small of Sherlock's back and squeezes his hips, closing the distance between their bodies—and Sherlock is suddenly very much reminded that Brook is wearing very little.
John gasps, and Sherlock shifts his gaze upwards to see what’s the matter. John’s blue eyes have grown endearingly wide again. “Look!” He points to the corner, where the hooded figure still carries out their ominous surveillance. “The Reaper’s got Lestrade!”
Did I mention he's a good kisser? Yes
Sherlock takes a in a sharp breath.
Sherlock blinks.
He soon falls asleep, and he dreams of playing Christmas carols on the violin to anyone who will listen.
Hello, lovelies!
“Yes, of course. We’re Sherlock's bodyguards. We
Sherlock exhales a gust of wind, his anger melting off of him like snow—his chest newly filled with relief and hope. He looks over the horizon, in awe of the sun as it rises over the blue mountains and red plateaus. It's going to be a beautiful sunrise, and John will be alive to see it. And he will be alive for many more after, and for many more sunsets as well.
“Dammit, Sherlock! I've been looking all over for that! And why is it in your bedroom? Please don’t tell me you’ve been—“
”Living her life one day at a time.” Sarah shrugs. “I suppose that’s all we can ask for.”
John's studying to be a doctor. There's a lot he knows about putting together a seemingly unrelated series of clues in order to form a hypothesis. In the practice of diagnoses, there's a balance of skill, knowledge, and reasoning—but John can't find any semblance of reason here.
“Stay.”
"Bye, Greg," John says curtly, following Sherlock to the exit. But as he holds the door to open, Lestrade calls out one more time.
“Oh, come
The amalgamation of the feeling, and the telling, and the making, is something John has never experienced before tonight.
Sherlock bites his lip to keep a moan from escaping. He doesn't know if it's part of the plan for him to be enjoying this so much.
John’s laughter rustles Sherlock’s hair. “Good.”
Sherlock takes his reaction to mean that he can continue. He kisses John's palm a few more times, and then he kisses him on the inner wrist even more times. He trails kisses up John's arm and to his inner elbow, and when John doesn't protest, he follows the opposite pattern, kissing his way back to John's palm.
“Hush, dear,” Sherlock responds.
The kiss is chaste, yet especially satisfying. It's John's way of saying to him:
“Is it?” John murmurs against his neck.
John does know this; but as Lestrade opens the car door for them, he’s stricken with a sudden sadness over the thought of that period of Sherlock's life. He decides he needs to know nothing more of it.
Sherlock’s eyebrows come together with distaste, forming the wrinkle on his forehead John adores. “Don’t be ridiculous, John. I solve murders, usually by consulting with the police, pro bono. Well, I used to, until I learned that my partner was a murderer, and then I had to die myself, so...” he trails off.
unbearable—dare he say approaching normal—Anderson and Donovan have been this evening. It’s a realisation he finds deeply unsettling.
Gabriela turns her head and seals their lips together for a messy, open-mouthed kiss, and she spins her body to Sarah’s to embrace her. Her hand returns to Sarah’s upper thigh, and she slides her fingertips under her skirt. She hikes it up over her bum, revealing that Sarah isn’t wearing underwear.
John chuckles. “No. He just warned me to stay away from you. You know, the typical protective big brother speech.”
Because it’s true, and he’s always known it to be: In reality, love brings pain. And where there's pain, there must be something to dull it.
“John, are you aware you’re in my bed?” he asks.
Molly beams. “It’s fine, Sherlock. Go home to your love.”
Oh. He wasn’t quite expecting that, either.
Sherlock narrows his eyes. “And none of you find it odd?"
Sherlock's stomach tightens with John's response; he wants to address the apparent embarrassment, but he suddenly remembers that his shirt is unbuttoned. He scrabbles his fingers over the lapels in an effort to reclaim his decency, if such a thing can be reclaimed. "Erm," he mumbles. "I wouldn't go as far as to say we're idiots."
“What the hell's the matter with you?" John growls, slamming his fist onto the table.
“Yes.” Despite the blade buried deep inside him, he laughs jubilantly. “So have you.”
Blessedly, the hospital staff shows up at that moment and interrupts them. They bring a wheelchair to retrieve John. John and Sherlock bid goodbye to the hospital staff, and the staff wish the happy married couple well.
John regards him for a moment. "You're on the floor."
John sets a soft kiss onto Sherlock's neck.
And then, John's hand is on his shoulder. "What happened?"
“Not since the concussion,” she replies, pulling her dress over her head.
Sherlock’s eyes speak the truth, even before he does. “They were real for me, too.”
But to be perfectly frank: as of late, there is another thing John needs. He needs to stop being boring.
John thinks for a moment. "I suppose I'm a bit claustrophobic. And I don't love crowded rooms. I get nervous when I'm unsure of an escape plan. How about you?"
John looked around the dim, wood panelled pub, and then back to his pint. “It’s fine I guess, so far. The ale’s good anyway. The work isn’t quite what I was expecting.”
John straightened his shoulders. “So, that’s it? You just looked at the way I stand and, what, deduced my work history?”
“Exactly. She’s a forensic anthropologist. It’s similar.”
“What are you doing?” John repeated. “Who are you?” It was as he feared - the stranger was kneeling down by the skeleton find, the cover pulled back, and seemed to have been examining it. The man pushed his hair away from his face, revealing unsettling silver blue eyes that focused on John intensely. Slowly, the man got to his feet. He extended a long, thin, arm out and offered his hand to John.
“This is a morning of drama,” said Jordí, before sipping from his mug. He put the mug on the floor at his feet and then patted John on the shoulder, “Bad luck for you seeing this thing, no?” John winced, Jordí had managed to put pressure right on his shoulder wound. “Oh, sorry” Jordi added.
“Ex-boyfriend”, said Sherlock coming over to stand next to John.
“What the
“You did what mate?” Mike put another pint of Doombar down in front of John.
“Are you sure?” Molly sniffed “You don’t want to go around with this on your back surely?”
. Next to him Jordí shifted around a bit as if trying to make himself more comfortable. John thought a bit on what he’d just said. “What do you mean ‘a morning of drama’?”
“Yes I am!” John was indignant. He’d been working the damn site for ages now. He might not have a degree in it, but spending a month on his knees doing the work had to count for something.
“I’m trying out a new nickname.”
“Melodramatic,” Molly added, coming over to join their conversation.
“This town is too small for the police to have their own coroner. They just use the undertakers to keep the body fresh until they have time to move it to the nearest hospital. As the nearest large hospital is all the way in Exeter they’ll get an ambulance to come and pick him up tomorrow. No time today. Which gives us the perfect chance to have a look before the autopsy takes place.”
John sat back on his heels. He’d been hoping that Sherlock would come to the site today. But now that he was actually here, actually in front of him, John wasn’t sure what he should say.
, John’s mind supplied, slightly hysterically.
Sherlock smiled at him, but a bit hesitantly, as if he wasn’t quite used to getting this kind of reaction when he revealed his thinking.
“Who was this woman?” asked Sherlock.
“Ridiculous. If I were closer to London I could have done it myself. Instead I spent the whole weekend being bored out of my skull.”
“Right” said Sherlock as he rolled the tray holding the body back into it’s unit, “That’s us done, let’s go.”
he thought to himself,
“A bit, not much” Not as much as I would have liked, John thought. “What does he do exactly? He said he was a consultant forensic archaeologist.”
John finally gets around to asking Sherlock to move in with him.
“Interesting,” said Sherlock “Did you get his name?”
“Right, as this is potentially an important find, it’s a great chance for everyone to get a chance to learn what a burial looks like” Sarah said, smiling at them all as they sat clustered around her in the break cabin. “So, for the rest of today I want Ines and Jordí to draw and photograph the skeleton, before any more of it is excavated. For now, everyone else can keep troweling the rest of the site. Tomorrow morning I want you, John, was it?” She smiled at him. Dumbfounded, John nodded. “Yes, John, I want you to help me in the morning with excavating more of the skeleton.”
“John! Come here.” He gave in a ‘come hither’ gesture before rushing back outside. John turned to Jordí who just shrugged at him. He looked over to where Phil was standing in the corner to see if he had an objection. Phil was too busy chewing on his nails and looking anxious to even notice that Sherlock had come back inside. Sighing wearily, John got to his feet and followed Sherlock outside.
Too late, he realised that they hadn’t arranged where they were going to meet next. And he didn’t even have his number. John thought about chasing after him, but his leg was hurting, so he just turned and re-entered the pub.
John laughed, “Oh sure, since I was a child”
“My phone doesn’t have reception, I need yours to call a taxi.”
, he thought to himself.
It turned out that Sherlock meant John should go back to bed whilst he shut himself up in John’s spare bedroom with barely a word goodnight. John stared at the closed door. He pressed his head gently against it. He could hear Sherlock pacing. It wasn’t a big room so he must have been doing laps around the bed. John sighed, decided that now he was the one who was bordering on creepy with his behaviour and went back to bed. It took him a couple of hours to fall back asleep though as his thoughts were filled with the excitement of the unexpected night activity. And Sherlock. Eventually, at around five he did drift off though, and didn’t wake until his alarm went off two hours later.
“Back to bed, of course.”
“Is it true?” Tony asked, winking in Molly’s direction. At this she couldn’t stop the tears and rushed out of the cabin, crying noisily.
John glared at the man, and pulled himself up to his full height. “Having children doesn’t give you the right to be an ignorant, bigoted prat,” John said before pushing his way past him and racing down the stairs to catch up with Sherlock.
“I wonder where he’s staying?” John wondered aloud.
“Watch where you’re going.”
, he thought to himself.
Philip had gone, if possible, even redder and was spluttering. John thought he probably didn’t know what to say after such a quick-fire attack from a stranger. A significantly taller stranger. Sarah looked amused. “That’s right” she said, extending out her hand for Sherlock to shake. “Dr. Holmes? The office called me this morning and told me you were on your way. I didn’t expect you to be here already.”
John had meant did he want to come over to the cabin, have a cup of tea and talk further there. But Sherlock seemed to have missed this social cue, going instead for the literal meaning of the question. Oh well. John started walking towards the cabin. It was too cold and too early in the morning for this. They didn’t bother locking the break cabin so when John got there he had no problem getting in, filling the kettle with bottled water and flicking it on. Whilst he searched around for some clean mugs he thought back to the strange encounter he’d just had. How had Sherlock known he’d been in the army? No one else had ever looked at him so intensely. He’d felt seen, for the first time in a long time. He made the tea and his thoughts switched to the rest of the team. What would they make of Sherlock? What would Sherlock deduce about them? He grinned to himself as he thought about Philip’s possible reaction. This was going to be great.
Sherlock pulled away from the lollipop with a soft
No. They way John was looking at him.
As soon as his lips had touched Sherlock's he felt like they both had been transported to another sphere, where there was nothing but them, mouths and tongues desperately seeking for their counterparts, while the sugary taste of the lollipop slowly faded, and fingers and hands trying to be everywhere at the same time.
"Since when do I do things that I do not want to, John?" Sherlock moved himself closer again, pressing his cock against John's stomach to make him realise just how much he wanted this and the sensation nearly made his knees buckle.
In for a penny...
he chastises himself.
Sherlock refocused on the sweet in his hand, licking from root to tip and back down again. He savoured the taste of it with a small moan and he desperately tried not to imagine how the sweetness of the lollipop would mix with the smell and taste of John.
"And...
While he knows that not giving an answer would only make it worse, he couldn't bring himself to speak either.
Sherlock very nearly dropped the lollipop when John admitted to... to what, exactly? What if John had misunderstood him? What if -
With his heart hammering in his throat, he reached down with his free hand to undo his belt. ''And do hurry up.''
''John, mere minutes ago I had your cock so deep in my throat and your hand so hard in my hair that I came without touching myself.'' Sherlock pointedly ignored the way his cheeks heated as he said it and when the memory of it assaulted his mind. ''I'd say it was rather obvious that I want you to help me clean up the mess you're responsible for.''
It was indelicate and utterly glorious.
He thought for a moment whether it was reasonable to play this power game, or if he simply should oblige, knowing that he quite probably would be able to have his way with Sherlock another time, because, oh god, he needed this gifted mouth on him rather sooner than later.
Biting the knuckles of his one hand, John kept watching Sherlock working on the lolly while, unable to help himself, he started bucking his hips and stroking his already very erect cock ever so slightly, only to take the edge off his almost desperate need for friction.
''John...'' he breathed out, leaning against John's hand. ''Tell me. Anything. I'd do anything you want.''
Sherlock wished he had the sense to grab a camera. The sight John made now, was enough to render Sherlock's mind completely still. Head thrown back, eyes closed and cheeks flushed, his breath coming out in pants... Sherlock never wanted to forget this. Nothing, nothing his own mind had come up with during those lonely moments where he had imagined John's hand on in, came close to what he was seeing now.
Sherlock felt John swell and twitch in his mouth and he groaned deeply when he felt - and tasted - John's cum spreading over his tongue and shooting down his throat. Oh God and with John's fingers gripping his hair like that...
Sherlock groaned, not caring how he debauched he looked, allowing John to thrust into him as the heat that had collected in his groin seemed to spread and - oh
"John..."
"Everything alright, John?"
John finally managed to focus his gaze again, and looked down at Sherlock, who was leaning his head against the inside of John's thigh, looking positively besotted, and John tousled his hair even more, stroking it gently this time, and his utterly shagged out brain was truly taking its time to come up with the right word to end this sentence.
"God... Sherlock, that was... you are..."
Bad life choices, Watson, very bad life choices...
- why had they decided to take this case in the sweets manufacture again?
More to keep this conversation going - because from what he could tell this certainly was
Hard.
How could he not? He saw the looks John gave him when he thought he was not looking. He felt John’s eyes on him - on his lips - when he argued with Lestrade. He had heard the small intake of breath when he had licked his lips when they had visited Angelo’s and the man had treated them to homemade tiramisu.
It was agony, pure agony, to not be able to do what he dreamed about doing for so long. If John knew how often Sherlock had spent, aching, wanting, yearning for him...
"Flushed (!)," John almost coughed out, while carefully avoiding eye contact, "I told you, I'm
"You really want to?" John managed between breaths, unsure if he was only double-checking on Sherlock or if it was he himself who needed a moment to adjust to these... prospects.
"Eating... a lollipop," he added, but realised that he was fighting a lost battle in the game of unfortunate innuendos.
Finally, Sherlock opened his eyes again - and John realised that his own actions had taken Sherlock visibly by surprise.
John felt like he was about to blackout - and while somewhere in the back of his head he hoped that Sherlock would be able to take it, he couldn't keep back anymore and started thrusting into Sherlock's mouth in earnest now, digging his one hand into Sherlock's curls and the fingernails of the other into the skin on the hand he still was holding - and giving a godforsaken damn about how loud he might be.
John did not like letting go of Sherlock, but somewhere deep down he had known that they hadn't actually been able to just sit and stay as they were for the rest of their lives. And, considering Sherlock's state, he sympathised whole-heartily with his need for a shower.
"I need you, I..."
"Well... are you joining me?"
Sherlock sank down on his knees, lollipop still in hand, looking up at John. This man truly had no idea... "John... just now, I was imagining how you would taste like along this," Sherlock briefly raised the lolly to his mouth, "and it is
And he hadn't run away.
And he wanted more.
This was it. Sherlock could feel it hanging in between them. His answer would mean everything. John hadn't moved away from him, he hadn't tried to run, nor deny what was happening - God, he had even admitted to... - but he hadn't made a move towards him either.
Looking for grip that would give him support, John moved one of his hands to the armrest, dug his nails into the fabric, now finally able to push himself up and manoeuvre properly, using the new-found leverage to rock his hips even more, but could he... god, he needed...
"Sher... Sher..." he stuttered out, trying to establish their rhythm while holding onto Sherlock's hand as if it was the last anchor to keep him in the here and now, but John knew that he wouldn't be able to keep this up very long either way, no matter how hard he tried.
His rational thinking was aware that the only thing that had changed was
To think, that this was all happening before of a piece of sugar...
"How would I know how-" he arose a bit to suddenly and a bit too defensively, unsure if he himself was still talking about lollies in this moment.
- John realised when just the sight of Sherlock on his knees finally made his own legs too wobbly to stand.
Sherlock huffed out John's name at the sight of John's smug grin but his heart settled when John pulled him closer, resting their foreheads together. This was right. This was... perfect.
John was breathtaking.
Sherlock lowered the lollipop away from his mouth when John asked for his help and Sherlock shuffled his way over to John on his knees.
John gasped loudly when Sherlock's mouth finally enclosed his very needy cock again, and with Sherlock's finger working him on the inside, John was engulfed in a hitherto unknown level of pleasure, torn between wanting to thrust up into Sherlock's captivating mouth and angling his hips down to be able to - if anyone had ever told him that he'd end up begging for this - fuck himself on Sherlock's finger.
"Who cares what one should or should not do? Besides, I hardly think this is an appropriate sweet for a child, John. Would you - " Sherlock took a breath to steel himself - "Would you like to try?"
John saw it in Sherlock's eyes long before words would ever left his mouth, and he didn't know how they ended up here, but then again, he didn't really care about the
Almost ferociously he pounded up and deep into Sherlock's mouth possibly only a handful of times, and it was one last well-aimed stroke of Sherlock's finger against John's prostate that-
god, how should he possibly relax...
Never before had Sherlock felt like this. This utter peace in his mind and his body. John's moans still echoed in his ears, every look and movement saved into his mind until his death, the taste of John still lingering... Sherlock closed his eyes for a moment, enjoying the quiet calm the overcame the two of them.
He was aware that Sherlock's mouth was still around his cock when he came - hard - and that Sherlock was swallowing it almost greedily, but the bliss of his orgasm clouded up his thinking while wiping his mind blank at the same time.
"Care to help?" John attempted at cheeky, but his panting lessened the effect considerably.
John felt his mouth getting dry at the sight, while he was perfectly aware that Sherlock's probably was all but that, the way he was working that lolly...
He didn't know where he suddenly got the courage from to answer this question. Maybe by being able to pretend that, if it came to it, this still was about sweets, even if it was obvious that it was about something else entirely.
But the sudden realisation hit him, that this whole encounter had been very... one-sided, so far.
"What about... you?"
They were not talking about lollipops anymore.
So when Lestrade had called him, begging him to take on the case that involved the missing director of a sweet factory, Sherlock couldn’t resist it. He had to know.
As Sherlock stood up, something in John's stomach dropped, and when he continued talking, John was almost 100% certain about one thing:
Oh, Sherlock heard him. With a deep hum, he helped John to the absolute edge of the seat and whilst John's cock was still buried in his mouth, Sherlock slipped one of his long fingers alongside it, swirling his tongue around them. God, he had to be careful. The lube he had was safely stored away in the bedroom
John knew that Sherlock generally had a sweet tooth. So this craving he was talking about...
Sherlock's eyes flicked over to John's fidgeting shape. He could see the tension rolling off him in waves but John was still in control of himself.
John took Sherlock's moaning around his cock as both, affirmation that he was fine, and -
John wasn’t really paying much attention to his surroundings as he walked across the site. He was still musing over how he was going to broach the topic with Sherlock when Sarah suddenly shouted for help. On arriving Sarah had gone straight over to the small trench where the skeleton had been found. They were going to continue excavating around where the skeleton had been found, in case anything else related could be found in the surrounding area. John looked over to where she was standing. She was on the edge of the trench, looking down. As he started walking towards her he was over-taken by a dash of dark wool. Sherlock was sprinting towards Sarah, who having shouted for help was now standing quietly with her hand pressed against her mouth, still looking down. Sherlock joined her and looked down also. Just as John got to them Sherlock muttered “Fascinating” under his breath.
John didn’t know. He jumped as Sherlock slammed his hand against the pub door in frustration. “It’s closed!”
“Do you know who it is?”
“Oh, eight. No, wait, seven” he replied, not looking up from where he was examining the left arm of the skeleton.
it. He complained about it all the time, in his own head and to other people. But, it still hurt, this confirmation of how unimportant to the work everyone considered him to be. He closed his eyes as he took another sip of coffee and concentrated on keeping his breathing slow and even. Jess didn’t notice, taking her bowl of cereal over to the table and fiddling with her phone. When John opened his eyes again he caught Sherlock staring at him. All of his frantic energy and attention were honed in on John, his blue eyes locked with John’s.
“Ah ha!” Sherlock suddenly cried out and started searching through his pockets. John watched, intrigued and completely forgetting the troweling he was supposed to be doing. Sherlock found what he was looking for, whipped out what looked like a large magnifying glass and went back to the skeleton. He knelt and peered closely at the edges. Sarah looked up, spotted that John was staring at Sherlock rather than working. She came over to him “Come on” she said “Let’s go and see what he’s doing shall we?”
Sherlock rocked back on his heels, hands back in his pockets after shaking Sarah’s hand. “Oh, possible neolithic murder, try keeping me away. Especially now I’ve seen it. There are
“She was in the finds shack the last time I saw her. What do you want to complain about?”
The library was a small, one storey, red brick building in the centre of town. It had large windows, originals from when it had been built in the 19th century, that made the inside bright with the morning sunshine. Shelves lined the walls, with extra bookcases making aisles in the middle of the room. To one side was the children’s library, obvious with the story-time rug and bright drawings stuck over the walls above the shelves. In the adult side were a couple of wooden desks and red leather armchairs. John liked the look of it. He felt regret that he hadn’t thought to explore it sooner. There was no time now to browse the shelves however, as Sherlock strode straight up to the main desk and slammed his weight down onto his hands in front of the startled man who sat there.
“Hello girl,” he reached down to stroke her. She waggled even harder and tried to lick as much of his skin as she could reach.
Sarah shrugged.
“Excellent.” said Sherlock.
“It’s fine,” said John, “Just a bad morning.”
John shook his head and Sarah looked up from where she’d been texting on her phone. “It’s no one that I recognise,” she said. John looked around the cabin. Everyone looked shocked and upset.  The Swedes were standing whispering with Andrew, Phil was twitching in the corner, and Molly was standing staring at nothing whilst sipping her tea. Nearly everyone had their phones out, texting friends probably, John thought to himself. John considered messaging Mike, but then decided that it could wait. He thought it a bit depressing that he only had the one friend he could think of to message in such a time of crisis.
“Ah yes, of course. A therapist, though not a very good one.”
The woman looked at from her paper and smiled at Sherlock. “Morning love, how can I help you?”
“No it’s not. Did you write this?”
John was glad that he didn’t live with David. From what Jordí told them it seemed that he was always blowing up over something. They all sat around in silence for what seemed to be forever, but was probably only fifteen minutes. John was about to offer to make more tea when D.I. Tomlinson reappeared in the doorway. “I’d like to speak to you now Dr. Beachman,” she said. Sarah got to her feet and followed the D.I. out of the cabin. John had just opened his mouth to suggest tea when Sherlock breezed back in.
After the discovery of a human bone on their site, things got a lot more serious and professional. The next day two cabins, more equipment, and (most important to John) a port-a-loo, were delivered. Philip was beside himself with excitement about the find. As soon as he’d been told about Ines finding a bone he’d rushed over and taken over the excavation. He continued to insist that he should be the only one to excavate it. Ines was not impressed. As soon as Philip was out of earshot she complained to John, “I have a Masters in archaeology from Uppsala University. This is well within my expertise, but no, he” here she glared darkly in Philip’s direction “has to take over as soon as something fun is found. When it’s only mud he is in his car, but now” she trailed off, gesturing helplessly. John made sympathetic noises. Ines continued “And Molly over there”, here she gestured towards the pale, dark-haired woman working quietly next to them, “She has an MSc in Osteoarchaeology.”
“I can’t wait until the others get here then” said John handing over one of the mugs to Sherlock “I couldn’t find any milk that didn’t smell awful, so I put in two extra sugars instead. Sherlock smiled, accepting the tea.
“John! What are you still doing here? There are too many people around here as it is. You’re not needed. Go and help Tony do the surveying of the site.” He pointed over to where Tony was setting up the surveying equipment.
“I can’t believe you guys don’t have any more equipment yet.”
John shook his head mutely. Sherlock continued, “Then I shan't be making that mistake, come on John. Let’s go back to the shop and see if the woman there knows where McAlister’s ex-boyfriend is now living.”
his need to pretend to be straight.”
“Do you want to move in with me?”
Smiling apologetically at Anthony, John followed him.
“Hey! Hey! What are you doing?” John shouted, waving his arms at the stranger.
John handed his phone over and watched as Sherlock’s fingers flew over the surface. “It’ll be here in about five minutes. Let’s go up the lane and meet it.” Sherlock wasn’t looking at John. He’d turned away and started walking to the site exit. John pulled him by the sleeve.
“Oh yeah, I heard something about that. To look at the neolithic skeleton right?”
Another discovery is made
John reached for the vest, holding it up so that he could read the back. Some of the team had been writing their names on the back of their vests so that it was clear at a distance who was who, and to stop others stealing them when they lost theirs. On the back of Molly’s was her name written in her own loopy writing, and then underneath someone had added ‘whore’ in capital letters. It looked vicious. John sucked in a breath. “Bloody hell,” he exclaimed.
John hadn’t really had any expectations about why Sherlock was in his bedroom, but he was still surprised by this answer. And a tiny bit disappointed. He sat back down, slipped off the bed and started rooting around for his clothes.
. He supposed that was answer in itself. The flat was small. The front door opened straight into the living room, which also had a small kitchen counter against one wall. “Converted terrace house, done for the money, so, poorly planned,” said Sherlock as he started opening drawers and cupboards. John walked over to the window and peeked outside.  The flat was on the second floor and the window looked out onto the street below. It was a quiet street, and a workday so no one was about. He turned back to the room and walked towards the mantlepiece. It was clearly the focal point of the room, with the sofa and an armchair grouped around it. On top were several framed photos. John picked up one of McAlister with a man. They were both smiling and had their arms slung about each others shoulders. McAlister looked very happy, his skin slightly more tanned than when they’d found him this morning, but still contrasting strongly with the dark skin of the man next to him.
Sherlock gestured at the flat, “Two people used to live here, but you can see spaces where possessions have been removed. Quite recently too, otherwise the gaps would have been filled. There are condoms in the kitchen drawer, but right at the back. Thrown in there during a tidying spree, probably months, or even years ago. They weren’t needed because of an ongoing committed relationship. McAlister didn’t break it off. He was dumped.”
“Nothing in the bathroom either. Let’s go. There obviously isn’t anything else here. Let’s go and find the ex-boyfriend. He’ll have more information for us.”
“Everyone dreams of a career on their knees” Sarah said, actually winking at John as she did so. He laughed, his mood perking up considerably. Maybe this job wouldn’t be so bad with a part way decent supervisor. It helped that Sarah was very pretty. John didn’t consider himself to have a type, but he wouldn’t say no.
Outside, the sky had turned as dark as John Watson’s thoughts.
Holmes??”
He looked up, found John’s eyes and grinned a smile of pure excitement at him. John felt his stomach flip over. “Cannibals! In Devon. Oh it’s delicious” said Sherlock. John giggled. This got Philip’s attention.
John Watson hated rain. He hadn’t always had such strong opinions about it. In fact, he would go so far to say that until a week ago he’d been rather ambivalent to it. That was until he’d moved to a town that seemed to have been built under a permanent rain cloud. It was Wednesday and it was raining, of course. It was raining hard. It was the thick kind of rain that hit the ground with so much force it bounced back up again. The kind of rain that it was impossible to stay dry in.
Wheelbarrowing the mud away from Ines and Olle was hard work. Especially in the rain. John started to question his life choices. Six years of medical school, he thought, and this is where you ended up, well done Watson. Of course he hadn’t told the company he had a medical degree. He’d thought it likely they would reject him as over-qualified if he had.  He’d mostly stuck to the truth though - had mentioned the army, though not the reasons for his discharge. He thought army training made him sound fit enough for the physical work of an archeological dig. He hadn’t quite expected this level of physical work though. As though underlining his thinking for him, on this last thought his footing slipped on the crude wooden runway to the discard pile. He stumbled, his left foot slipped off the plank, the wheelbarrow tipped. John and wheelbarrow fell sideways into the mud. John just lay there in the mud for a few moments. Neither Ines nor Olle seemed to have noticed, which was a small mercy. Sighing, he rolled over and got to his feet. If possible he was now even wetter than before. Miserable, John got back to work for the rest of the afternoon.
John shrugged. He didn’t think he was so great. But compared to Tony he guessed he was. Tony set the bar punishingly low though, so it wasn’t particularly reassuring. Molly wiped her face on the sleeve of her jumper, before shrugging on John’s vest.
John spent the taxi ride into the centre of town anxiously questioning his decision to follow Sherlock. And rehearsing in his head how to ask him if he wanted to move into his house. He should have been thinking about the dead man, he knew that. But he couldn’t concentrate on that. Not when Sherlock was sitting
Ines muttered something that John was pretty sure was a swear word in Swedish. He grinned at her. She rolled her eyes and headed off to where the spade was lying. John went and retrieved the wheelbarrow. It was lying upside down on the discard pile. Its handles were covered in mud, of course.
At this Philip turned back to face Sarah “You knew? You knew this man was coming?”
“You should call in sick.”
An exciting find leads to more attention being paid to the site.
I wrote this whilst sheltering from a colossal thunder and lightening storm in the middle of a French campsite. It was most conducive to my finger-words.
Going slowly and carefully with both trowel and brush, Philip uncovered more of the skeleton as the day progressed. Once he found the skull it was clear to everyone that it was human. Just as Philip had finished cleaning off the cranium the skies opened and it started raining heavily again. Shouting for help, Philip rushed to cover the find with some blue tarpaulin. John ran over to help him and together they secured the tarp with rocks. Once covered they ran through the rain to the break cabin where everyone else was sheltering. Once inside John shrugged off his coat and went to help himself to tea. There was nothing to do but wait for the rain to stop. Philip was buzzing with excitement.
“What do you mean?” asked John.
John pushed ahead of Sherlock, deciding that he should intervene before more photos of the dead were flashed around. “Morning, we were wondering if we could ask you some questions?” The woman looked up from where she’d been playing some kind of coloured stacking game on her phone.
John shook his head. “No, they sent a consultant. His name was Dr. Holmes. Or something like that.”
“You know everyone on this dig, of course it’s not.”
“Don’t be silly. I like you Molly.” John said. “And this is nasty.”
“Someone’s defaced my vest” Molly said, looking up at him with the beginnings of tears in her eyes. Tony sniggered.
A human femur.
“Hey!” shouted Philip “Stop walking all over the site you’re going to ruin something.” Sherlock paused in his pacing to shout back that there was nothing else worth ruining before continuing as he was. Philip walked angrily over to where Sarah was talking with Ines.
“He cheated on me” said Anthony, with a sigh, leaning back in his chair and pinching the bridge of his nose. “He said it was only the once but, I just, his reasons were so stupid.”
John could tell that Philip was not pleased at this development. More people meant that the chances of him getting solo time with the skeleton were diminishing. “Are you sure that’s necessary?” he whinged. Sarah gave him a look and didn’t answer, instead standing up and brushing the dirt from her knees. She pulled her mobile from her coat pocket, searching for the contact as she turned her back to them and started to walk towards the hut. John looked down at the bones and then back to Philip. He raised one eyebrow at Philip. “Oh, shut up” said Philip, as he got to his own feet and strode back towards the car park. Both supervisors had left without telling John what to do next, so he pulled the plastic tarp back over where it could cover the skeleton, secured it with a few rocks and then limped over to where Molly was struggling to lift some buckets of mud. He’d completely forgotten that he was supposed to be getting the wheelbarrow. Feeling guilty, he went back for it. Together he and Molly spent the rest of the daylight wheelbarrowing the discarded mud away.
“You can’t smoke here.” John couldn’t help staring at the way Sherlock’s fingers moved over the packet. He had lovely fingers, long and expressive. His hands looked strong, his skin soft.
“I think you’re right” said Molly, smiling kindly at him.
As it turned out, Sherlock’s meeting with the rest of the team was even more amusing than John had hoped for. Everyone arrived together in the normal minivan. John could hear them talking to each other as they approached the site over the hill. He’d gone into the finds hut to finish off his paperwork, as he’d originally meant to that morning. Sherlock had decided that he needed to read the reports written so far on the skeleton. On finding the door to the office locked, he’d pulled a full set of picks out of one of his seemingly bottomless pockets and immediately set about opening it. That had been an hour ago, and John hadn’t seen him since. When he heard the approaching voices, John stepped out of the finds hut to watch the archaeologists making their way onto the site. He clocked the exact moment that Philip spotted that the door to his office was open. He broke away from the rest of the group immediately and rushed towards it. Before he could get there though, Sherlock emerged, coat billowing around him with a loud cry of “Rubbish!” He had paper clutched in both hands, and as Philip paused in shock, he threw them to either side of him in the most perfect expression of exasperation John had ever seen.
In the trench lay a man, unmoving.
“Thank you again. I’ll try and find a marker pen so you can scrub out the back.”
John smiled as he got closer and was just about to greet them and introduce himself when there was a shout of surprise from behind him. So unusual was it for his workmates to make any noise at all that he turned straight away to see what the problem was. Ines was kneeling in the far corner of the square, looking towards Olle and waving her arms excitedly. John stared. He didn’t think he’d ever seen Ines look so animated. Olle was rushing towards her as she pointed to the ground at her knees. John started to walk towards them, feeling the newcomers following him as he went. As he approached the pair, they were excitedly talking to each other in rapid Swedish. John peered over Ines’ shoulder to see what she’d found. There, lying in the mud, half excavated by Ines, was a bone. It was long. John recognised it immediately.
“Sarah, she’s the new site supervisor.”
He was facing away from Sherlock and so didn’t see the triumphant smile that crossed the man’s face.
Molly blushed “Is that the new specialist? No one has introduced us yet. I spent all day putting supports up in the trench. I don’t think he’s still here.” John was disappointed, Sherlock was easily the most interesting thing to have happened for a while. He was fascinating, and John had wanted to talk with him more about cannibalistic prehistoric Britons.
John, looked down at the skeleton again, It was half uncovered from the mud now, lying on it’s front. “Well, I think it’s a woman, probably around 25 years old. I can’t tell what period these bones are from. The skeleton appears to be missing some bones, though they might be further down in the mud.”
He found him outside, smoking a cigarette whilst leaning against the small wall separating the front garden from the pavement. He raised a single eyebrow at John in question. John sighed and sat on the wall next to him. “Got distracted by one of McAlister’s neighbours. Charming bloke. Accused us of engaging in an orgy.”
Molly hadn’t gone far. She was leaning her forehead on the wall of the corrugated hut, trying to calm her breathing. She was angrily wiping at her eyes, as if angry with her own weaknesses. John approached her carefully. He held out his high vis vest. “Here,” he said “take mine. I’ll take yours. Ignore Tony. People don’t hate you, he’s just an idiot.”
John was on his knees troweling a new section in the East corner of the site when he heard footsteps approaching him from behind.
“Of course, he has no social skills. My entire team hated him.” Mike continued.
“Does Northlew even have a hotel?” John asked. Molly shrugged, her eyes on the minivan that had just pulled into the drive. “I don’t know. I can’t wait to get home, warm up in a shower and have a cup of tea. Honestly, it’s all I’ve been thinking of for the past two hours.” John nodded. Normally that’s what would be filling his head by this time of day, but now his thoughts were all focused on the man he had met that morning.
John looked down to see what they were both looking at.
“Good thing you were limping already right” said Mike “No one will even notice this. Did Phil see?”
“You police?” she asked.
“Oh yeah?” asked John, leaning to look more fully at Molly. The night before she’d been very quiet, just twirling her hair in a nervous way and not looking John in the eyes. Molly blushed under the extra scrutiny. She nodded. Ines continued “Oh yes, she was telling me. She could really help with the identification but Philip won’t let her anywhere near it.”
John pinched the bridge of his nose. “Do you want a cup of tea? It’s bloody freezing out here.”
John ground his teeth at this unprovoked attack. There was no need for Philip to point out that he was the bottom of the pile. He knew that. Everyone else knew that.
“And what is that to do with me?”
“There’s no ID. Curious.”
Sherlock shook his head “No, I’m just here for work. I wondered if you might know who this is…” he pulled his phone out of his pocket and pressed it’s screen, clearly looking for the photos he’d taken earlier. John had a bad feeling about this and was about to intervene when Sherlock found what he was looking for and turned the phone to the woman.
“How do you know she’s no good?”
There wasn’t much that John could do other than take the hand that was offered and shake it. It was an automatic reflex - so deeply ingrained in his British upbringing as to be practically genetic. “John Watson,” he offered as he shook. The stranger’s hand was surprisingly warm for a man who was standing in a damp field at seven in the morning. Holmes grinned lopsidedly at John. Then he ducked back down into a crouch again and started poking around the skeleton with a small trowel that he whipped out from his pocket. John frowned. What was happening? The man didn’t seem to be destroying the skeleton, he was a strange mix of frantic but careful. He was also muttering under his breath.
Sherlock straightened back up to his full height, a gleam of triumph in his eyes. “James McAlister. Brilliant. Now, what can you tell me about him?”
John paused his pint half way up to his lips. “Yes, I think that was it. Why? Do you know him?”
Sighing, John looked at his watch. It was a few minutes before noon. Lacking anything else to do he decided that he might as well get started on his lunch. Olle and Ines had already unpacked the rye bread and cheese slices that they shared every day, and were eating them gloomily whilst muttering in Swedish to each other. Philip was on his phone. John sincerely hoped he was ordering them a cabin, but thought it more likely he was continuing the argument he’d been having the last three days with his girlfriend. John reached into the inner pocket of his coat for his sandwich. It was cheese and tomato, and the tomato had soaked into the bread, making it soggy. Great, just great, thought John to himself, a truly damp day, through and through.
John nodded.
“I don’t know. He said he’d met her on Tinder. And that was another thing. He’d set up a profile on Tinder for goodness sake.”
Sherlock snorted with amusement “Bit mundane for someone like you. No - definitely army. The way you’re standing now clearly says you’ve had military training. Not to mention the way that you rushed over here to confront me when you thought I was up to no good.” He paused. “There’s something else, I’m not quite sure what it is yet,” at this he cocked his head to the side, “Interesting” he murmured, half to himself.
“I’m sorry, but who are you again?” John asked.
Sarah meanwhile had phoned 999 and reported the body. “The police are on their way” she told them “And an ambulance.”
Sarah’s grin grew broader “It means some road building executives are going to be extremely frustrated in the very near future. If the tests show that it is prehistoric then that road won’t be being built for a very long time. And you and I will have a lot of work on our hands. This’ll be a full dig. We’ll probably take over the entire farm.”
“I’d think you would be grateful for the quiet. You know, after....” Mike looked meaningfully at him and John hurried to cut off his words.
She looked up at him, “I don’t know his last name. He works over at the library though. Why, what’s he done?”
“Yes. And? I didn’t need you to wake me up at one in the morning to tell me things I already know. How did you even get in here?”
“Fine. Let’s go then.” John said as he shrugged a jacket on. Sherlock turned and started to lift a leg to the window frame. “Not the window, you madman. We’ll go out the front door. Anyone would think you were trying to evade capture or something, honestly.” Silently, Sherlock followed him out of the bedroom door.
John huffed, “I was
“You’re limping.” The voice came from behind him.
“What is he doing? He’s not even looking at the skeleton anymore.”
“Look here” said Sherlock pointing “You can see blunt force trauma to the skull, both here and here. There’s probably more all around. We’ll see more when we excavate the whole thing. But just here” at this he leaned down pointing to a humerus “You can see knife scrapings. Why would someone scrape away at this particular part? And there are ribs missing. I bet we won’t find them anywhere in the site. They’ve been removed. But why? If this was a normal burial they’d be here. Maybe they got carried away by time, or an animal. But the same thing was found in Gough cave in Cheddar when they found those cannibal tribes.”
John’s anger stared to subside even as his frustration increased. “What. are. you. doing. here?” he repeated, stressing each word slowly as he leaned his body over Sherlock. He wasn’t sure if he wanted to punch Sherlock, laugh, or grab him by the lapels of his coat and pull him onto the bed.
John was feeling slightly out of his depth. “You invented it? It’s not a standard thing? What is it?”
John looked at his watch. He really should be getting back to work. But, then again, the site probably wouldn’t be opened again for a few days at least. As he followed Sherlock back out of the flat he narrowly avoided bumping into a man who was leaving the flat opposite. “Oops, sorry,” John said. The man scowled at him.
By the end of the day the possibly-neolithic skeleton had been fully photographed, sketched, measured, and finally carefully removed and bagged. Sarah was arranging a courier for the next day to pick up the evidence bags and take them straight to the office laboratory.
, as John’s mum would have said) had dark hair pulled into a messy bun on top of her head, and a septum piercing, which was probably fairly rare in a small Devon town. She looked as though she was in her early twenties, and desperate to escape.
“Impressive. You see how she’s lying on her front? With her legs twisted?” John nodded again. “That’s unusual for a burial. I don’t think this is a burial. There don’t appear to be any grave objects either, so it’ll be difficult to age the bones until we can get a carbon test done.”
John frowns at this. Bloody typical that Sherlock would ignore his question.
“Yes?” the man replied with a slight stutter over the y.
“Oh, I don’t know, maybe. Someone from your office. I wasn’t paying attention. This, this, is all that matters” He gestured at the skeleton “Fascinating.”
Mike looked at John more closely “Did he not? Did you talk to him?”
Jordí turned to him and gestured towards the door, “Oh, I was being, how do you say - full of the drama.”
The surveying was dull. It was a two man job but with each person always at a fair distance from each other it wasn’t conducive to chatting. By the end of the day John was aching and bored. As the group waited for the mini-van he made his way towards Molly. She was standing apart from the others, fiddling with the toggles on her wooly hat, a nervous habit she had.
“Who?” Sherlock was now pacing around the excavated hole, drumming his fingers against his lips.
Jordí smiled at her, “Yes, I was being melodramatic. This morning David could not find his work shoes, and, oh, the noise that he made about it. They mysteriously vanished in the night, poof, gone. So, we search and do not find them. David, he is very angry. And then I arrive here and there is a dead person. It is very dramatic. But the dead person is obviously more important.”
John shook his head “You’re a dick” he said, going back outside to try and find Molly, picking up his high vis vest on the way.
Ines looked scornfully at John, “It probably is not. If we were in Sweden it would be a burial, with gold. But here, probably not. I think it will turn out to be an old horse.”
Sherlock raised himself into a sitting position, “You’d be best talking with me first. I noticed one or two things of interest.”
“Bloody hell. Yeah, I know him. We hired him back in Dublin, when we found that child and horse skeleton together. You must have something really interesting if he’s accepted the case.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John winced. “No it’s no one from here, or the other dig either. He’s not one of us.”
John had some qualms about all this searching through somebody's private stuff. He’d expressed this to Sherlock on the way to the flat, who had instantly dismissed his worries, pointing out that McAlister could hardly mind, being dead as he was. John made his way into the bedroom. The bed was unmade, a jumble of tangled sheets and duvet. There wasn’t space for much else other than the bed, just a smallish wooden wardrobe against the wall. Halfheartedly, John opened the wardrobe and looked inside, still feeling bad about going through a dead man’s things. There was nothing in there but clothes in boring shades of brown and grey. He thought about looking under the bed, but decided his leg wouldn’t be able to take it. Probably wasn’t anything under there anyway. Instead he went back out into the living room. Sherlock was standing in the middle running his gloved hands through his hair. John felt his heart skip a beat.
Breaking into the undertakers had been surprisingly easy. It turned out to only be a 15 minute walk from John’s house and Sherlock had picked the lock in less than 5 minutes. “Easy,” Sherlock scoffed as he led John inside. It was a small undertakers and McAlister was the only body there, laid out in the steel cold storage unit. Sherlock had rolled him out with a dramatic flourish. McAlister lay on the tray, still fully dressed. John watched as Sherlock pulled out a small magnifying glass and started peering closely at the dead mans face.
“You know the rules.”
Sherlock didn’t come back for the rest of the day.
“No, I meant no because I have to go to work. It’s bad enough that I took off after you yesterday but at least the site was shut down. It’ll be open again today, so I need to go to work. Aren’t you supposed to be working on the skeleton anyway?”
, thought John to himself. After all his planning, he’d just panicked and blurted it out at a completely random moment. He back-pedalled, “I mean, um, move in with me and Jess. In our room. Our
When John left the cabin with the two mugs of tea he was surprised to see that Sherlock was no longer near the skeleton. In fact, John couldn’t see him anywhere on the site. He paused, slowly turning in a circle. Nothing. He walked out towards the equipment cabin. Maybe he was looking for some tools?
This proved too much even for Philip’s limited restraint. “But John’s just a site assistant. He’s not even a real archaeologist.” he spluttered indignantly.
John ended up making tea for everyone. Half the team was standing because Sherlock had sprawled himself across the majority of the bench, looking like some kind of supine Greek God in repose. Sherlock had been right about the timing of the arrival of the police. It was twenty minutes before two doubtful looking constables arrived. They quickened their pace as soon as they were shown to the body, rushing back to their car to radio it in.
It was a cold day, slightly misty around the trees in the distance. The dew had made the grass moist and John squelched as he tramped his way across the farmyard heading towards the site. As he crested the hill leading down to the site he paused. He wasn’t alone. Ahead of him in the middle of the cleared field a figure was crouched down. John paused. It didn’t look like Philip, or any of the other archaeologists. For one thing it wasn’t wearing a high-vis jacket, or the distinctively bright rain jackets the archaeologists favoured. From here all John could make out was black. Suddenly a thought struck him. Sarah had mentioned disgruntled road executives. Maybe one of them had found out about their find and was here to sabotage it. Maybe even destroy it? Hurriedly he started walking again, picking up his pace until he was lightly jogging down the hill.
Sherlock turned to him, “Why don’t you go back inside and ask that woman what else she knows about James and Anthony? I think it’s a better idea for us to split our resources at this point. If I have to stand in that hot bar for one more minute I’ll go mad. So, I’ll go to the library, you go in and chat up the barmaid some more.”
Sherlock got up and went to look at the bell plates next to the front door, “Mr. Pringle. What a very fitting name. Homophobia isn’t very surprising in a town this small. I hope this isn't just a hate crime. How dull that would be.”
“So Sherlock investigates mass crimes? Why is he here for a neolithic skeleton?”
“Your bones?”
John shrugged. “No hurry. Maybe we can work out who wrote this by their reaction when they see me wearing it.”
, he thought to himself as he took a long drink from his tea. Jordí snorted and went back to his phone. Molly, again, gave John a sympathetic smile. Somehow, the pity of such a mouse of a woman did not make John feel better. Not for the first time he wondered what the point of every moment in this day was. He’d thought leaving London would solve his problems. He’d thought leaving behind everything about himself would help him forget what he’d lost. But nothing was different. Maybe he hadn’t moved far enough. Maybe he should have left his cursed name behind as well. But, really, wasn’t the problem that he was here at all? Yes, he thought, that was the problem. There was no escaping himself, and his own thoughts. The rain drummed harder on the roof of the cabin.
John thought about this, remembering the way that Sherlock had looked him up and down and had seen that he’d been invalided out of the army. It was amazing. Had been amazing. He hoped fervently that it would take him more than four hours to work out what had happened to the neolithic skeleton.
“Not quite” replied Sherlock, “I’m a consultant forensic archaeologist.”
John followed Sherlock into the flat, trying not to think too much on the fact that
room!” He resisted the urge to slap his hand against his face, choosing to just lean against the corridor wall instead.
“Anthony, I presume.”
When John got back to his house, his housemate still hadn’t gotten back. He had the bathroom all to himself, and made use of his opportunity by taking a long hot shower. For once he didn’t have to worry about conserving the hot water for someone else. It was Friday, so everyone was meeting at the pub later. He thought it was worth popping in to see if anyone knew anything about the new archaeologist. Maybe the man himself would even be there. Smiling, John reached up for the shampoo, thinking that he might as well make himself as presentable as possible, just in case.
It was about an hour after the rain had stopped that Philip had the new find taken from him. He’d possibly been a little too enthusiastic about telling everyone who would listen that he’d found a prehistoric burial. Head office had heard and pulled one of their senior archeologists from sabbatical to come and take over the potentially significant find. Sarah Beachman had a PhD, had written several well regarded, and often referenced books, and had been using her sabbatical to lecture at Dublin University. Philip hated her instantly. It was obvious to John from the way he smiled too broadly at her as she was introducing herself. She also had a very different management style to Philip.
James had worked in the local council. Anthony didn’t know what his job was exactly, just that it involved admin. They’d broken up 9 months ago.
“No, but, well, something, you know.”
“Well, maybe you should try it, you might some useful information from her that way.”
“Fantastic!” said Sherlock and headed for the door.
“That’s James and Anthony”
John lived in a crescent just ten minutes walk away from the White Stag, where everyone tended to gravitate to on Fridays, or most evenings if he was honest. There wasn’t much else to do in the town, and archaeologists were complete boozehounds, he’d discovered. His stomach rumbled. He and Jess were taking it in turns to cook dinner. It was Jess’ night to cook, but as she still wasn’t back by the time he’d dressed and smoothed his hair down to his satisfaction he’d decided not to bother waiting and just headed straight to the pub. He was probably a bit too excited, he admitted to himself. He pushed open the door to the pub and scanned around the dark lounge. At a far table  he spotted Jess sitting opposite David, staring at two shots, with a bunch of archaeologists surrounding them. John rolled his eyes. Yet another drinking competition. He walked over.
Sherlock paused where he was attempting to pick the lock of the door of James McAlister’s flat to stare at John.
John had only signed a contract for six months work. He wondered to himself if he’d want to stay for longer if that’s the way it went.
By late afternoon John had “found” four more tree roots and if possible was feeling even more disillusioned with the job of an archaeologist than he had before. There was something particularly depressing about digging slightly darker mud out of the ground with a spoon only to have the hole taper to a point and reveal itself as a place where a tree once stood. He’d just written “Appears to be an old tree root” into the analysis box on his form when he heard voices coming from over the hill. Eager for any distraction from his endless tree ghosts he stood up to see what was happening. Coming down the hill and stepping over the electric fences bordering the field were four new people in tellingly clean clothes. They must be the newbies thought John, starting to walk towards them. There was a pretty woman with brown hair tied into a pony tail, and three men, all sporting beards in varying lengths.
“Did you get any sleep?” John asked Sherlock.
When he woke to the shrill beeping of his alarm John’s mouth was dry and his head felt discombobulated. After turning off his alarm it took a couple of minutes for his scattered mind to align into one overwhelming thought -
“Is it old though?” John asked.
! He rolled out of bed and padded out of his bedroom, down the corridor to the spare room where he’d left Sherlock earlier that morning. First checking that his pyjamas were arranged decently (though that ship had already sailed the night before) he knocked before pushing open the door. The room was empty. There was, in fact no sign that anyone had been in there at all. The bed was as neat as it had always been. Untouched. Frowning, John made his way downstairs.
“For fuck’s sake Tony. What’s wrong with you?” John said, turning angrily to Tony.
“I don’t think the labs are open on weekends, are they?”
John pushes himself up, so he is fully sitting. He leans over and turns on the bedside light. This won’t do, he’s still lower than Holmes, having to look up to meet his eye. He gets to his feet. With the extra height the bed offers he is now looming above Holmes. John clenches his fists, one after the other. He glares at Holmes. The man clears his throat, and his eyes drop suddenly from John’s face to skitter across the rest of his body. Too late, John remembers that he’s only in his pants. His first impulse is to cover up, but he ignores it, squaring his shoulders instead. It’s his room and he refuses to be cowed. The tension is thick as they both stand staring, but not talking. Eventually the silence gets too much for John, so he breaks it once more.
John got down the large blue mug and poured himself some coffee.
Tony frowned, “Leave off Jordí, it’s not on to imply things like that.”
This had to be one the most tiring jobs he’d ever had, John thought to himself the next day, as he wearily climbed out of Mike’s jeep. Every muscle ached. Muscles he didn’t even know he had ached. Objectively, he knew that it couldn’t be harder than army training, or the many sleepless nights he’d spent as a trainee doctor, but somehow he felt worse now than he had then. Of course, he was older now than he had been then. That was not much comfort. He felt old and useless, his body failing him at every step.
“Oh, yes please” John replied, as he got to his feet, with difficulty. They went over together to where Sherlock was kneeling.
“Why does it say ‘Whore’ on your back?”
at this rate.” He looked up at down the street and then started walking briskly towards the pub again. This time when they got there it was open. The day had turned out to be a cool one, but inside the pub it was stiflingly warm. There were no less than two fires blazing away in grates at opposite ends of the long saloon. As Sherlock approached the bar he loosened the scarf around his neck. John undid the buttons at the front of his coat, and contemplated taking it off altogether. Behind the bar a bored looking woman was slumped. She was large set (
“He hadn’t gotten into any arguments with anyone, or anything like that? added John.
“Why is he even in here? Why isn’t he with the police?” John asked.
“No I didn’t. Doesn’t mean I can’t appreciate it though. Molly’s annoying, always going on about that MSc she did.”
Eboracum Archaeology Ltd. was a commercial archaeology company. Commercial archaeology didn’t quite match up to the childish fantasies that lived in John’s head. In EU law any new building project had to have an archaeological survey done to make sure that precious ancient history wasn’t being needlessly destroyed. If the survey showed anything that might be potentially something then an actual archaeological dig had to be conducted to investigate.
“Hey, have you seen Dr. Holmes?” he asked.
“What does that mean for the road?” John asked.
“Hey Jess.”
She gasped and clenched her hands on the newspaper convulsively. “Oh my god. That’s…it’s… James. James McAlister. But how…” she trailed off and looked back at Sherlock with tears in her eyes. John looked down at the photo. The man was clearly dead in the photo.
Sherlock ignored John’s question, and just kept going with his complaints. “They claimed it upset the maid. Honestly! She must have seen worse. Especially when you factor in the fact that the man who had my room before me was a sex and porn addict.”
“And why was that?” asked Sherlock.
“Oh, it would be wonderful if it was a burial. This is my first dig since leaving uni.” said Molly, looking over at where Philip was digging with a wistful look on her face.
“Oh.” He pulled his t-shirt on. “Wait. Why do you need help? I saw you pick a lock perfectly well earlier.”
“Dr. Beachman? Please tell me that not everyone here is a complete idiot. I don’t have the time to pick up the slack for all of you. I’m due in Poland next week.”
Mike choked on his drink. “
John had lived with Jess for a couple of months now and the interest that she had thus far shown John about his life could fill a thimble. It basically stretched to wanting to know when the next meal he was cooking was going to be. Yet, she chose this moment to interrupt and give John advice.
Sherlock stepped back and leaned against the window, “I need your help breaking into the undertakers.”
