Dean shuts and locks the bedroom door, but doesn’t turn around immediately, hand pressed to the wood. His whole upper body moves with his deep breath in.
Once he's decided that he doesn't like being dumped by Dean, Castiel finds that it's much easier to research ways to talk him out of it. He's caffeinated, he's determined, and by Thursday, he's got almost a full binder of notes, a headache, and he's overwhelmed. There's a lot to take in. Dean wasn't lying about that. There's more than a lot. There's way too much. Even when Castiel tries to focus his research on the symptoms he remembers Dean mentioning, it's daunting. It appears that there are as many compulsions and rituals as there are people who have them. But a few thing do stick out.
The ready room door is shut, so Castiel swipes his key, glad to be alone. Until he realizes that he’s not. “Gabriel,” he says, only mildly surprised to see him on the sofa, channel surfing and typing on his laptop simultaneously. Clearly everyone who loves a Winchester is having a long night.
Dolefully, Castiel tugs carefully at the shirt as it allows itself to be wiggled over the hot pink cast. “We’re not bathing with our clothes on,” he grouches.
Donna nods. "Can you elaborate?" She gestures between them with her stylus. "Holding hands is a huge deal for Dean."
Cautiously, Castiel asks, “were you? I had no idea. I mean, there were rumors, but… I can’t really imagine you doing anything else.”
Castiel’s jaw clicks shut. He chews on his bottom lip. Says nothing for once. There’s a lot behind his eyes, but he doesn’t say anything. Looks like he’s learning.
Thrown a little by the subject change, Sam shakes his head slightly. Then, deciding to play ball, he answers, “because you always signed up and coming young actors, and I thought, ‘go big or go home.’ I’d had some minor and recurring roles, but I wanted that
Usually, Dean would be right. Jealousy isn’t in him. However... His arm shoots out before Dean can react, grabbing his wrist and yanking him closer. Dean over balances and his chest smashes into Castiel’s; upper body getting soaked with perfumed water. He’s too surprised to react with anger, eyes wide with a flash of... yes, that’s anticipation.
Sam huffs a small laugh. “I know, right? But... it’s like... I dunno, I feel like I miss him even when he’s around.”
Carefully, Castiel helps Dean lay back on the bed and adjust the incline so that he’s still mostly sitting up. “Better?” he murmurs.
. And Crowley’s been down my neck to pencil in a freaking dozen movies during the hiatus between seasons.”
Grinning brighter, she kneels down next to his chair to look over his shoulder. She points to the photograph. “Check this stuff out! Totally cutting edge. Robocop level, even, which’ll work for you, right?” She winks. “The prosthetic limbs are completely articulated. They’ve mostly done hands and arms at this point, but they’re going into trials for a line of legs and feet. You’re a perfect candidate.”
And then he recognized her. The papers had done a pretty good job of describing her, and why wouldn't this girl come visit him, the detective who supposedly was to bring her down. "Emily Rose. What an honour," Sherlock told her.
Climbing out from the pile of fallen debris was Emily, covered in sweat and dust, a young boy in her arms. She hopped down from the rubble and walked toward them.
,” Sherlock mused. At John’s confused look he added, “Emily’s initials are carved into a heart on the willow tree with the letters
Hermione drummed her hand on the table, lost in thought. “Well, we should go to the Ministry and find out all we can. If anyone knows where he is, it’ll be them.”
Her hair started to fade, retreating into her skull. She grew taller and her skin turned from tan to a dark brown. And just like that, Kingsley Shakelbolt stood in front of them.
The girl tried to recall how she had got here. What had she been doing? She couldn't remember. In fact, she didn't even know who she was; she couldn't conjure up a single memory. She started to panic. What had happened?
in the silent air. She sat up, looking around. She was in a field, under the one tree for miles around. It was a tall oak with long, still branches that reached out as if to hug the world. Its trunk was as wide as five people standing side by side and as tall as six men.
A tall, blond haired man with a long nose and grey eyes turned to glare at them. He must have been the one shouting.
. For some reason, the use of such an inclusive word stuck in Arya’s thoughts, chasing around her brain like a dog does its tail. It was a we, now.
human, but her years in the magical world had taught her that what seemed human wasn't always so. He had a presence about him; an unnatural aura that reminded her of the man held on trial at the Ministry. What had he called himself again?
“Well, as I don’t even know who I am,” Emily said scathingly. “Maybe you could fill me in on what makes me so special.” She turned to Arya and frowned. “And you, since you apparently know me so well.”
"No, we can't, not yet Harry. Please, just listen to me. I think I remember where I've heard her name before, but I need to check something first. Also, I just got a message from McGonagall. We have to get to Hogwarts.
look for you here, but this place it very well protected. It's the safest place you can be right now, if angels are hunting you."
“Of course not,” Tony said, watching Emily leave from the window. “That phone has a tracker in it. We need to keep an eye on that girl; there’s something unnatural about her.”
She couldn’t move a muscle. It felt so claustrophobic, not being able to move. She hated it instantly.
of it, Emily seemed more closed off. She had never been the open type, that was all too true to Arya, but she could usually tell what her sister was feeling. Now, Emily was a closed book and Arya the librarian who couldn’t seem to break the lock.
The hunter leaned forward and pressed his lips to Cas’s. The angel melted into him, and for a long moment they only knew bliss.
Dean did as the angel suggested, but no answer. He tried the number four more times and no one picked up. "Damn it," he muttered. "We better track the phone."
Hermione took her around the school, showing her all the different classrooms and dormitories and sections of Hogwarts. Maybe some would find it boring, but Emily was fascinated with every detail. She had been here, once. She had walked these halls and took these classes, had even slept in one of the four dormitories. But she couldn't remember any of it.
And with that, the mirror darkened, and Arya was left staring at a blank piece of glass. She carefully set the mirror down and left the old hut. Islanzadi had long since returned to the palace deep in the heart of the forest. The sky outside was black and filled with twinkling silver stars. She looked out at the dark field of grass and sighed. It was getting colder every moment, the darkness thickening with each passing second.
“Something isn’t right,” Harry whispered. “There’s more going on than what we know, there has to be. The dead, the Devil, Emily; there has to be something, or some
There had been no time to talk to her sister since they had left. The constant motion of events had prevented her from telling Emily about her past. The longer she waited, the more she seemed to hesitate. If Emily truly didn’t remember anything, would she be happier?
Dean nodded. "Thank you. Oh, and if anyone else comes in asking about that 'girl', it would be best not to say anything." And on that note, he turned around and went back to his car. Dean pulled out his phone and tried Cas's number again.
fast towards them. Ron and Hermione jumped off the road but Eragon was not as quick. The driver must have spotted him, because the car started to slow, but was going too fast to stop completely. As a result, Eragon was hit in the stomach, knocking him to the ground.
, but he couldn’t place a finger on it. It was like trying to recall the name a long dead relative that you only knew as a small child. You would recognize them on sight, but without description they became an amorphous blob. He just couldn’t remember what, or who, she reminded him of.
"Well," said Ron, turning to Harry. "At least we'll be with Hermione. It'll be like the good old days."
Emily saw Sam shoot his brother another confused glance before answering the question. “Yes, a god. Not THE god, the one who appears in almost every major religion as the creator of the universe, but a minor deity. Someone like Thor, for instance.”
“That I do not know,” she answered softly, her eyes still focused on Dean. He was now leaning against a bookshelf, avidly listening to their conversation. His brown eyes met hers with no trace of apology.
I've heard her name before, but I can't think where," Hermione looked up and meet his eyes, determined. "I
“Do you know why I decided not to kill all those people?” Cas asked, and when Dean shook his head said, “It was because I knew I could trust you. How could a man willing to sacrifice his own life to save thousands be bad? You were so determined to save those people.”
The tranquility of the forest drew many to its comforting realm. The swaying branches of the elder trees, the wind whispering in the ears of those it passed, and the tranquil surfaces of lakes and ponds all contributed to the peace that enveloped the Kingdom of the Elves. Travelers far and wide would come to seek the peace of the forest, saying that the air would fill you with the sensation of your soul leaving your body, and that when you walked, your feet would hardly touch the ground. The forest was endlessly quiet. At least, that was how it had been when Arya had last left it.
and drank beer. Here was where they had pleaded with God for help as his sister threatened to destroy the world.
Emily let her sleeve fall without much thought. Without realizing she was doing so she traced the star on her head. “I have one more important thing to tell you. It is about the dead.”
He waved at Hermione who had just knocked out a demon with a fist to his face. She and Ron had stopped the rest of their opponents.
Sam swallowed and nodded his head, following the young stranger through the steely iron gates. He stopped, frozen by the view that unfolded in front of him.
A young girl, who looked to be about sixteen, stood in the center of the room. Her curly hair the colour of flickering flames came down past her shoulders, and a silver star stood on her brow. She was pale as ivory, and was wearing a black leather jacket. Her eyes were a sparkling silver and something about her felt so
Sherlock stuck the note in his pocket and started to head toward the cars. He hadn’t reacted to the message at all.
Arya watched them go until they disappeared over the horizon then turned to Emily and said, “Come. There is much to be done.”
The two of them read for the rest of night, finally falling asleep in the early hours of the morning on top of the old, dusty books.
Banner gave a stiff nod, and Loki moved away from him. Banner walked to the screen by the wall and entered a code. With a small
“Once you left, mother locked the door to your chambers and forbade anyone to enter. And when you died, I did not have the courage to visit,” Arya said, sliding one elegant finger across an old wooden desk. “I'm afraid it is not up to our usual standards.
Emily stared at him. “I wouldn’t know even if I did, but I don’t think wizards use guns, so whoever killed me probably didn’t attend Hogwarts.”
"So sorry to keep you waiting, little brother, but I just had a long talk with the Prime Minister to deal with," Mycroft drawled, settling himself in an empty chair and gesturing for Sherlock to do the same. Sherlock sighed and sat in one, folding one long leg over the other. The three men faced each other in a sort of small triangle, non equal to the other.
Arya and Eragon exchanged glances again. "We are looking for a girl named Emily Rose. Do you know if she is alive? And if so, where she is?"
“Sir, what should we do?” asked one of the wizards holding Emily’s arm. “Do we leave her like this?”
Mycroft told them the dead were back. But how could such a thing happen? Magic, in any sense of the word, could not exist. There was just no logical explanation for it. Wizards, demons, gods, and miracles; all were figments of the imagination, designed to serve as excuses for the horrors of real life.
he told Emily that Moriarty was going to come after her. What’s his stake in all of this?” Sam murmured.
They all turned to see who had entered. “Harry!” Hermione called. She and Ron were two of the three who were arguing.
Dean didn’t answer them. He just sat there, as still as any of the corpses the brothers made of monsters every day.
Balthazar nodded. “Yup.” He had a British accent, mixed with a slightly French pronunciation on the hard consonants. “Been trying to find you. Heaven is a
“We don’t know,” Mycroft sighed. “This is the second piece of information we have that shows he is alive. Besides that, we don’t know anything about his plans.”
“I doubt it,” Sherlock said, shrugging off the idea. “They don’t act like it. There’s something we’re missing, that’s all.”
Islanzadi stopped tapping and sighed. She wouldn't look at Arya. "I doubt that we will ever know, my child. Death is always the final obstacle for beings such as us. It is the one constant thing in this world. All we can do is try to find this source of... astonishing power, and neutralize it."
“I always wanted to be a Dragon Rider. I wanted to help free my people and Alagaesia from the tyranny of Galbatorix. Firnen’s hatching was the happiest day of my life. I had been around dragons before, had even ridden one, but never before was I bonded with one. It’s- it is hard to describe. It’s like your soul has been intertwined with another so completely that you aren't sure where you end and they start. It is the most beautiful sensation in the world.”
Lupin sighed and rubbed the back of his neck. He felt so old all of a sudden. Perhaps it was an aftereffect of waking up from the dead and being thrust into all this trouble with barely a moment to breath in between.
“Emily, if you want answers, this is not the way to go about it,” Arya growled. “I want to know the truth just as much as you but she's not going to give in. Now, we can do this the easy way, or the hard way. You either calm down or I’ll lock you in your room. What is it going to be?”
Cas turned to them, his mouth set in a grim line. “Yes. While searching for Emily, my friend Dean was captured by demons. I’ve come here to rescue him. I did tell you it would be dangerous.”
“We’ll be taking you to the Ministry, Potter. Straight to the Minister himself I expect,” Zacharias answered stiffly. “Let’s go.”
The man laughed. "What a philosophy! But you do care, deep down, about what happens to those people, don't you? After all, it's human nature."
And once upon a time, so long ago that it seemed to never happen, but not so long ago that it could be forgotten, there lived two girls. These girls were not special- at least, not to the world around them. They were special only to each other, for they loved one another more deeply than the tallest tree’s roots. Their love was like the geysers that shoot from springs in the dreary summer heat; like the lava that bubbles and rushes from the earth’s surface in waves. They were one when together and two halves of a broken piece when apart. And they were not alike, these two girls. They were different in their own ways, but that never comes in the way of love, does it? Every word, every touch, every kiss meant more than the world to them, because they
? Arya thought, staring at her sister. When Emily had been sent off to school in Midgard, they had had no idea what she was doing until she died. They had buried her there and left, and Arya had never thought she would see her sister again. Since the moment she left the forest to the other day when Arya saw her again, Emily’s life was a complete and utter mystery. And since Emily herself could not remember a thing about her past, anything could be possible.
! The two men pushed Sherlock aside and grabbed Emily by her arms. She opened her mouth, wherever to breath fire or speak she did not know, because the men turned like the woman did and the world twisted into a black void. They were gone.
And then she was gone, and Emily was left alone in the old room, surrounded by empty memories. She stripped off her clothes and lay down on the bed, expecting to toss and turn the whole night, but the moment she closed her eyes she disappeared from the world.
The love that filled Robin’s eyes made Emily’s heart melt in a million different ways in the span of time it took for her to draw another breath. Robin took Emily’s hand, the one still holding the ring, and traced the skin around the silver. Her touch sent shivers of warmth through Emily's body, and she felt that new kind of fire flow through her skin.
“Mr. Potter,” the Minister of Magic rumbled. He was not angry, but rather disappointed as he directed his words at Harry. “According to our reports, you abandoned your post at Hogwarts to apprehend a wanted individual, neglected to turn her in or inform the Ministry of your actions, and have performed magic in front of Muggles without following proper procedure. And if that was not enough, you brought a Muggle to Hogwarts. A
Cas paced across the floor, in the bunker where so many memories lay. Here he, Sam, and Dean had watched
Turning to Eragon she continued, “Shadeslayer, it is an honour to have you in our forest again. Should you need anything it will be provided for you. If you wish to contact Saphira there is a mirror in your quarters that will provide you as such.”
this murder was going to happen! He’s involved somehow,” Sherlock murmured. “We have to get back to London, I don’t like what this means.”
Arya looked at her sister, who still had a puzzled expression set on her face. “Do you have any other questions?”
It had a stone ceiling with one light bulb hanging from it. A wooden table was set against the wall across from him, papers and books strewn across it. He approached the table, confused as to why this room was here. Folders and binders pinned with dates lay scattered all over the ground. On top of the mass of papers was a single sheet of loose-leaf paper. On it was what appeared to be a list of names. Eragon picked it up, studying it. The only name he recognized on it was
The bench was old and worn down by weather, so much so that one of its legs was rotten. As Sherlock stepped under the long weeping branches, the wind seem to die down. The branches formed a sort of shield against the outside world; a sanctuary under the arms of nature.
Dean drove to the little town he and Sam had passed earlier when following Cas. They hadn't stopped there, but had kept driving on ahead and had eventually run into Emily. Now, Dean decided to drop by it in case Cas had stopped there. It was a place to start, at least. He pulled into the little parking lot by a gas station and got out of the Impala into the cold evening air. He headed up the main road, deciding to look around first. The light summer breeze didn't do much against his coat and flannel, but the people around him sure gave him funny looks. They muttered as he passed, wondering what a stranger was doing in town at this time of day. Didn't he have better things to do? He stopped a few and asked if they had seen a tall, black haired man wearing a brown trench coat anywhere. None had, and some even neglected to talk to him.
Arya took a moment to answer. “I do not recall. I never knew of this ring’s existence until now, so I was not looking for it when we found you. Perhaps it was, perhaps it was not.”
“The angels want to know why the dead are coming back,” continued Emily, ignoring Harry. “They seem to think
"Dude, it's a lot!" Sam protests. "You've come a long way since your first therapy session. What did you call it?" He kicks his feet out under the table, tapping his chin with exaggerated thoughtfulness. "Oh, right! 'Snake oil for the mind.'"
Out of sheer spite, Dean walks over to the couch on Sam's side and knocks his legs down off of the coffee table where he crosses, causing the laptop to slide onto the seat and Sam to curse a blue streak.
“Clear,” he says. “With Sam off, we can work around you, but there was nothing priority on the schedule for tomorrow, anyway.”
that he's not sure if he's found or not. He needs to figure it out so he says, "can I ask one more time if you're sure?"
"At least you're hot," Gabriel says blithely, no longer standing on ceremony, and rifling through Sam's notebooks. He flips the pages and Sam lets him. He'd be embarrassed about it, but it's not like he's back in middle school scribbling love notes in the margins, so there shouldn't be anything incriminating in there. Maybe a swear word or two. Gabriel's confirmation is, "you really suck at taking notes."
Sam sits in the chair provided on the stage, dead center, and Dean hates this. But Sam loves it, so Dean endures, trusting the people around him to keep his brother safe.
kiss after four months of waiting, is the one that starts them both on the real path to the rest of their lives.
He beams. “Good. You’ve made a lot of progress the last few weeks. You’ve made progress today. You should be proud of yourself. It’s true that you won’t always make the right decisions. In fact, you might end up one step forward and two steps back sometimes. That’s the human condition. It’s how we deal with adversity that matters most.”
“Novak!” he calls in a confident, booming voice. He bypasses the handshake to go straight in for a hug. “Good to see you again, man!”
He hits send while simultaneously calling himself a huge fucking sap. He's never suggested anything so cheesy in his entire life. Jesus. Wasn't Castiel thinking of him as some leather-clad grease monkey who rides motorcycles and chews razors? So much for
Dean’s lean muscles on display are exquisite. Castiel wants to memorize the shape of all of them. Bite all of his freckles that stand out wonderfully when his tanned skin is flushed with pleasure. “Such a lovely gift,” he murmurs. He lifts himself up on his knees just far enough to be able to push Dean’s pajama pants down. Dean helps by using his toes to grab them and kick them away off the bed with his boxers. “My turn.”
His syrupy commanding tone stills Dean momentarily. He stops moving, muscles melting to softness. “Gonna be honest, man, I got like, a million fantasies going through my head right now. Never thought you’d wanna have wakeup sex. And it’s my absolute favorite. This is like Christmas morning for me.”
Sam picks up the carafe and pours himself a cup of coffee. His smile is familiar. It’s one Dean’s been wearing a lot lately, too. “Nah,” he says. “Just not used to it.” He offers the carafe out and Dean takes it to make himself and Castiel a cup.
"I don't wanna be the one telling you where to go and what to do. You get that, right? I'm the last person who needs to ride you about your life choices. Sorry. I'm not trying to be a dick."
, God!" Dean gasps, helplessly moving against Castiel. His cock glides up over Castiel's belly, brushing the hem of the dress. "We gotta....
Grimacing, Castiel says, "not that long. I'm sorry. I'm trying to be as normal as possible about all of this. But I still don't know what is appropriate and what's too much to make you feel like I was belittling you. I never want to do that, Dean. Not ever. Do you understand? Or... more importantly, do you believe me?"
Castiel is on his knees right away to help. "I'm sorry. I'm not too used to this part of the medical process." He rolls Dean's shirt up his back, pulling it over the back of his head and down his arms.
"Why the hell would I be doing that?" Sam demands, starting to rankle. "This isn't self-sabotage. Look, Donna, people are gonna ask me why it took me so damn long to finish my Bachelor's. Why I took time off. If I want to set myself apart in a good way, I need to beef up my CV. Show everyone that I'm committed to my education and my future."
Dean breathes. In and out. Every time his chest expands, the ropes pull at his ribs. It’s... it’s not all that weird now in that other context. It feels like he’s being held impossibly tight. He can almost imagine it’s Castiel. It sort of is, in a strange way. He’d watched those talented fingers weave all the lines, complete all the knots. And now those amazing hands are in his hair, massaging his scalp. Gradually, Dean finds himself falling into the ropes. They’ve got him. Castiel has him. He could be like this forever.
Rolling his eyes, Dean answers, "nerds can like sports, too. I mean, if you haven't noticed the thousand of us who fill the stands every home game."
Sam barks a laugh. “It was worth a try. Plus, you bought that horse! No harm no foul for man or beast.”
Nodding enthusiastically, fully committed to the atmosphere, Sam uses his substantial height to push through the crowd to the drum circle. Dr. Sexy glances down at their approach and winks at them. Instead of trying to speak to him, Sam points to himself, Charlie, and Dorothy.
If he didn’t know any better, he’d say that Castiel was profoundly uncomfortable. He can’t imagine that the deep flush on his face is anything besides the lingering lust, since otherwise it would mean that Castiel Robot Novak is
“Very well,” he says primly, walking with pointed military precision. “You’re doing excellent, Dean. I’ve never been so pleased with a sub in my life, and I’m not saying that just because we’re married now.”
Gabriel puts the cup down and slowly, reaches up with his thumb to swipe at a bit of the foam on the corner of his mouth. He licks it off.
Castiel grins back and shrugs. "I was planning on giving it to you the next time I saw you. No pressure."
Carefully, Dean reaches into the box and reverently extracts two coils of red rope. It’s soft, feels almost worn, but when he squeezes it, it feels strong. Barely any stretch to it. He holds it out.
At length, Castiel says, “Benny’s making gumbo. Do you want to come downstairs, or should I bring you some?”
Dean blinks, the endless Nevada sky dissipating from his eyes to show the cream carpeting on the roof of the Impala. "Was thinking about that road trip we took when you graduated," he murmurs.
Together they mold the dips and planes. Trace the scars. Dean feels everything as Castiel does. The parts he loves. The parts he adores. How precious what they have is. Dean’s breathing beings to pick up. His pulse quickens. His body warms. His hips jut up.
Sam's hippie hair falls low over his eyes when he dips his head down. "I've been to some of your sessions with you, remember? I know all about your obsessions. I know you have OCD because you grabbed me out of that fire and almost got hurt yourself. It's how you deal with the trauma. This whole..." he waves vaguely at Dean. "This whole thing is because of me."
It takes about three beers, a huge everything burger, and a side of pie for Dean to come to terms with the fact that he has made both the best and worst decision of his life to not have sucked his prey dry the second he had the opportunity. Castiel Novak is exactly as nerdy as his appearance would make him seem, but also as awesome as his looks and disarming smile made Dean hope he would be.
Like it's some huge secret that Gabriel decided to share with only him. No one else in the class. Maybe? Who knows. Who cares? Sam Winchester cares. It feels amazing and he wants nothing more than to roll with it for a while. So he does.
Sam nods. "Can I ask what your project is about? I mean, I've seen some of your papers thus far so I could get a read on what you're doing, but you do a lot. Especially about Christianity."
Gabriel is flushed clear down to his chest, urging Sam faster. Some measure of desperation has taken hold of him in light of the day’s events. And Sam lets him take what he needs. “Maybe,” he moans. “Maybe I want everyone else to be able to see me the same way that you do.”
There’s a signal from one of the crew and Dean says, “three minute warning.” He moves back to his previous position closer to the stage to intercept Sam when he comes off set. Castiel has already moved with Charlie to the backstage area. Gabriel also goes back to meet her, so Dean is left standing just to the side to escort his brother.
Putting himself at social risk and sacrificing his own happiness for an acting career? Plenty of people do that, but Sam Winchester isn’t one of them. His priorities are much different. Furthermore, all this just to help the comeback story of a former child star who chose to ruin her own life multiple times, even after being offered help? It’s completely unacceptable, not to mention spectacularly stupid. It could backfire tremendously, and put Sam in some horrible situations that threaten his image, yes, but more importantly, his safety. He tells Sam all of this, hoping it’s appropriate.
“We appreciate that,” the APD sergeant says. “We’ve got your back. All my people here volunteered for this, so they know what the deal is. If this Lucifer character is here, and you say he’s bad, we’ll get him and turn him over. My team’s all convention veterans from Dragon Con and other fan conventions, to these smaller shows. We know the drill, so do your thing, and we’ll take care of the rest.”
“We’re not allowed back here,” he says sourly. “You might be okay with invading someone’s privacy, but I’m not.”
There are a few more pleasantries, then Sam is given the chance to escape. He does so as calmly as possible, but it feels like his whole body is being weighed down with disquiet. He should be relieved. He's not. He's so far from it.
Lisa parks her modded SUV in the visitor deck and opens the back for Dean. Castiel watches with interest in how it appears effortless for Dean to get his chair onto the lift and out. Lisa presses all the buttons and they’re ready to go in a minute. They really do work well together. Castiel hadn’t even considering car modifications for Dean, and he’s a little ashamed of himself for not being as unobtrusively useful to his husband as Lisa is. Sure, it’s her job, but the only modifications Castiel had provided kept Dean locked in the house. And he’s not one to enjoy spending all his time trapped indoors.
Dean blinks, taken aback. "Sorry, man," he mutters after a moment. "It's just... I mean, you think you know a guy, right? Not trying to offend you."
"Hey there, victims, I'm Gabriel. Last name is none of your damn business 'cause I didn't give this waste of a university enough money to put letters after it." He smacks the whiteboard. "This is my cell phone number since this waste of a university
Dean turns slowly. Drinks in the sight of the man standing in front of him. Willing to go through all of this with him. It's a fucking miracle.
It does have the effect of making Castiel’s smile spread. “Yes. But you aren’t your job all the time. It’s the quiet moments that drew me. Well.” He huffs a small laugh at the whorl in the wood on the table in front of him. “You’re rarely actually quiet, but you understand my meaning, I assume?”
He's silent long enough that Sam seems to get his feet back under him. "Um. Look, Dean, I'm not..." he shakes his head to shake it off. "I'm not trying to make fun of you. I'm just like,
And either by some sense of camaraderie, or superstition, Sam asks Castiel to say his usually silent prayers over meals aloud.
he can't put his finger on, like a frustratingly vague food craving. The unexpected ferocity of the anger he'd felt when Nick had taken yet another thinly veiled dig at Gabriel. Gabriel Milton is a fucking treasure.
“No, I can do this errand on my own,” Castiel confirms. “Sam, is there anywhere you’d like to go today?”
After breakfast is finished, Sam stays at the table, nursing a second cup of coffee, ostensibly still too tired to get truly started with his day, but in reality he's listening. He doesn't think Dean's realized it, but his bathroom is directly over the kitchen, and some sounds carry. Sam can hear the water running, and can easily distinguish between the sounds of the sink, toilet, and shower. The sink is on right now and Sam glances at the clock. When it shuts off again, Sam smiles to himself. Dean had only washed his hands for ten minutes. That bodes well.
In a fit of bravery, Dean flattens his hands, adding firm pressure upwards until he's spread out against the wing joints. Castiel's wings would be flapping with agitation, but Dean doesn't realize he's pinning them exactly as a mate would, and the bliss that shoots through the angel at being overcome is almost too much to handle.
Castiel’s lips respond after a long, torturous minute. They return the pressure gently. Dean’s mouth opens slightly. Castiel’s teeth catch Dean’s bottom lip.
Sam breathes out. "No." He pauses. Sighs. Gabriel isn't pushing him for details. He definitely looks non-judgmental. Like he's seen this sort of thing a thousand times. Hell, maybe he has. But the last thing that Sam wants is to be another stupid statistic in Gabriel's eyes. He doesn't want to wash away his former good impression. It's been such a long time since someone looked at him with sincere admiration devoid of pity, that he grabs it with both hands. It's such a strong urge that accompanies the even stronger crush. "I was into narcotics. School and taking care of my older brother got to be too much when I was eighteen."
Dean shrugs and digs into his bag for his foot charger. Then he busies himself with hanging up his suits for the days ahead. This is probably the one time in his life when he’s more concerned with wrinkles that Castiel. They can’t show a single hair out of place during the trial. While facing away from his husband, he asks carefully, “Cas, can you d-d-do something for me tonight?”
Bobby clears his throat loudly. “If you idjits are done? I got a horse to tend to, and a rider who needs to get himself registered.”
“Sometimes I think the old man really was trying his best. But he didn’t know how to go about it all on his own. Couldn’t get over Mom. I understood that part. But the rest of it? We could’a had a pretty decent childhood, but we didn’t. Not by a long shot. And Dad always told me to look out for Sammy. Protect Sammy. Pay the price if I didn’t. ‘This is what you have to do, Dean. This is how you have to be. Forget everything else. Sammy needs you.’ Such bullshit to put on kid.”
"Ruin it," Castiel growls against Dean's mouth. He moves away, small bites and hard presses of his mouth against Dean's neck. He nuzzles against the stubble, long fingers wrapping around Dean's throbbing length. Stroking them together.
Castiel is more than happy to oblige. And he calms down fairly quickly, too. “Is there anything you need?” he asks softly onto the crown of Dean’s head.
"I just asked about Dean," Gabriel finished plaintively. "That was it. I said I'd seen him at the cafe and wondered if he was Sam's brother. Then Sam looked like he'd seen a ghost and literally ran away just like Dean had on Monday."
Gabriel tries not to smile, but the curls of warmth suffusing his veins pull his lips up slightly. “You’re gonna regret this. You’re gonna regret me.”
“You, too.” With a smile despite the iffy news, Castiel ends the call and strolls back to the house. Only a handful of the low wattage ambient lights are on to help any of them who get the urge to wander out of their rooms after dark. He crosses to the kitchen to refill his filtered water bottle, and on his way back catches sight of blue light flickering in his peripheral vision. He turns his head and spies Sam on the couch flipping through the DVR.
feel like he was up to his neck in flood waters without the ability to swim. Quietly, he says, "the only time I didn't feel this much stress and worry was when I was getting high."
Dean nods, swallowing hard. "I do my best." He fiddles with his keys in his sweating hands, turning them over and over.
"I'm so sorry," Castiel says quickly, scooting closer. "You don't have to do it. I'll call a plumber. I honestly didn't become friends with you so that you could be my on-call handyman."
Naturally, Sam ruins it by noticing Dean floating on cloud nine the second he walks in the door from his internship, and drops his backpack by the door. "Amazing what therapy does for you," he teases.
“You’re the best bull rider of your generation,” Castiel offers anemically, looking for some reason like he’d just accidentally killed a puppy or something.
“Hey, Dean,” Jody says over the speaker. “Had to do some digging, and get help from your girl, Charlie, but I’m sure we found this Lucifer. Took so much time because we were working under the assumption that Lucifer was an alias.”
Dean shudders, carefully pulls out. The condom comes off with a quickness and is unceremoniously tossed into the bedside trash can.
Castiel takes it all in stride, and so does Dean for the moment. Especially because he’s distracted by checking the grill, but throughout the rest of the day, Charlie’s words do start to bother him. She probably didn’t mean anything by it, but all the same, he calls a closed door meeting with Castiel later that night. It’s the first since they’d arrived in Canada.
“Interesting,” Cain muses. “I can tell you’re not just wallowing in misplaced self-hatred saying that, either.”
“The Winchesters are good at that shit,” Gabriel answers. “But they always come around if they care enough.”
Castiel scoffs. “Not hardly. I care about Dean. I need to respect his feelings. I’m not sure what set him off so thoroughly, but I think it’s more than just on the surface.”
Castiel swallows, as satisfied as if he’d come himself. Knowing his expression is equally sated when he pulls off to look up at lovely Dean, eyes bright, lips parted and red from biting them.
He always comes back to bed and reclaims his spot by wrapping himself around Castiel, barely waking him a second time. Sometimes soothing him with a kiss and nonsensical words. Sometimes pushing their boxers away and making love to his omega slow and languid. Easy rolls of his hips until they both come with quiet sighs, dozing off again until Dean's knot goes down.
crazy," he amends, just to be the obnoxious big brother some more as he grabs two beers from the fridge. He hands one over, taking in the full brunt of Sam Winchester's attitude. The only solution is an eye roll and a release of the information. "Today was okay, and then it wasn't, and now it is again. Like I said, no big deal." He pushes up onto the counter. "I'm more interested in how
She trots over to where he is by the mirror spotting himself with the hand weights. “No, I’m serious this time! You’ll love it.” She holds a printed stack of papers out to Dean like she’s handing him the Holy Grail, and Dean takes them after carefully putting the weights down. “Company called Tran Bionics. Don’t let the dumb name put you off, either. They’re amazing.”
“If you wish to call off your punishment, release me and pound your foot on the mattress three times. Understood?”
Dean has lunged out of his chair and thrown himself across the table before either Castiel or Victor can react. He grabs a handful of Lucifer’s hair right at the crown, and slams the man’s head onto the metal table with a resounding crash.
Castiel smiles wider, heart full, grace singing. He doesn't mind the embarrassment. They have a lifetime together for Castiel to desensitize Dean to the sentiment. In fact, he's looking forward to it.
Castiel leans into Dean’s touch until it withdraws. “Please let me know when you’re ready to reassess.”
“No, it’s fine, I’ll be sending you the file, anyway. But figured I’d give you some early warning that Michael Pellegrino is getting out on bail thanks to your interview and Dean’s written statement.”
Dr. Barnes finishes her exam quickly and efficiently, and then leaves Sam and Castiel to themselves.
“I appreciate you being open to talking with me. Not a lot of people are. Especially at the beginning when the caretakers think that their suffering doesn’t count compared to their loved ones.”
Waving a hand dismissively, Dean says, "wasn't gonna do that. Things aren't ever gonna get better if we don't push sometimes. I handled it. I'm fine."
Several slaps go almost unnoticed by Dean, though he counts them by rote. Castiel stops the punishment for a moment to grab the meat of Dean’s ass, kneading roughly, spreading the burning out. He knew that Dean was getting used to it. Of course he did. It almost makes Dean smile. The harsh handling shoves Dean onto his stomach and he can’t stop the moan when his dick finally gets some friction on the bed’s comforter. Castiel won’t mind unless Dean comes by himself. Which he won’t. He never does. Probably can’t anymore. Hands are all over him. Nails on his back, adding lighter burning to his nerves that shoot down his spine, his muscles, to his ass. It goes on for a long time. Dean never wants it to stop.
"Doesn't matter," Donna assures him. "If it's still something you need to noodle out, it's still worth talking about. Give it a whirl."
He can definitely do that. He thrusts his hips back in short hard movements when Dean pushes his fingers in. It's filling, but less like a great meal, and more like eating something that won't fulfill the craving.
. He knows that he shouldn't fall asleep when he's so cold. Consciousness in the only way to survive these wilderness scenarios, but even if he lives to see the sunrise, he wouldn't know what to do about it. He's miles away from civilization, clean water, cell phone reception. He can't build a fire. He can't hunt for food. He can't do a
Castiel, walking in behind him, takes in every nuance of Dean and Lucifer’s silent interaction. The closer they get, the more Dean seems to calm. Which makes sense since he can get a much closer read on the man, and must be seeing his bluster for what it is. Dean takes a seat and folds his hands on top of the table.
With a sympathetic look, Dr. Barnes holds out a stapled stack of forms. “He won’t be able to make medical decisions for himself for some time yet. Depending on the extent of the head trauma and how long it takes him to wake up... you’ll need to sign the release forms so we can get them processed. One of you, anyway. Does he have an advance directive?”
a safe person until you tell them you want or need them to be that for you. Maybe not in so many words, but it's a two way street. He won't know if you don't tell him, and Dean? Now's the time to put up, or shut up. It's not the way you wanted, and it's not the way you planned, but what else have we been working so hard for all this time? Unpredictability and adapting"
. I could hear you on our radio talking to Sam, or humming Led Zeppelin, or talking to whatever crew we were working with. You had this... softness to you. I couldn’t have imagined...” He shakes his head. “You weren’t that impulsive bastard at all. You just...” Blue eyes raise to meet sparkling green. “You lived life with every bit of energy within you. And when I saw that vibrancy for what it was, the only thing I could do was fall in love with you. Now? Dean, I can’t let you go for anything. I love you more every single day. I need your energy. I want you by my side forever. I can’t wait to start the rest of our lives together. I promise you all of it, all right? The traditional and the non-traditional. In sickness and in health; for richer or for poorer, in good times and bad, always.”
"I apologize, but there's only one bedroom," Castiel says. "It's a king, so you'll be comfortable. I'll sleep on the couch."
Dean agrees with Victor’s assessment that Michael should be turned over to a mental hospital for evaluation pending his release from prison. Obsessive behavior doesn’t just go away on its own after four years and good behavior in jail. Add that to the anger over his brother’s betrayal, and Michael’s a textbook wild card.
Sam sits back on the cushions, crossing his arms over his chest with an unwavering frown. “There’s more to this.”
Dean spins on his heel, still with his hands stuffed in his pockets like a kid in a china shop. "Just a little sugar," he answers. He walks over to Castiel's side of the kitchen. "This place is awesome, even in the back."
So until they can get back home, Dean and Castiel wait. They keep their eyes open. And Sam is none the wiser in the end as they pack up their belongings and make the trip back to Texas for the Christmas and New Year’s hiatus.
Castiel pulls the clothes on, the hoodie messing up his bed head further. "No, thank you. It was just a shock after being under the covers for so long." He does nothing to hide his interest as Dean puts on a henley and sleep pants. "Damn you, you look good even dressed down."
Jack trails behind them diligently towards the auditorium, but they’re in a safe place, so Dean holds Castiel back several paces by making a show of straightening his tie for him. Naturally, Castiel takes the hint. “What’s going on? Sam looked a bit shaken.”
No, in reality, Castiel is here for the venue. When he first became a talent scout, this location was the beginning of it all. He has signed a grand total of one band he heard here, which is hardly an achievement for him, but they made a decent career, though nothing to write home about. Tonight is about the nostalgia. And the classic rock, which he has been sorely missing lately.
A look close to pride softens Castiel's features. "Me, too. When we started dating, started falling in love... I knew that was it. What everyone talked about. What I wrote about, what I'd read about my whole life. And I feel like... Dean, I'm so grateful for everything we are together. When you walked into my life, I had long come to terms with being alone. I was fine with it. Happy with everything else I had." He shakes his head ruefully. "I don't even know how you did it, but gradually you just kept adding and adding to my full life. Just when I thought it couldn't get fuller, it did."
"I wouldn't hug a tree," Castiel snarks. "They don't hug back." Dean snorts and he continues. "However, I'd say some of it's true. The coffee and the locally sourced ingredients that I use here. I don't wear sandals though. I hate them and they're dangerous and unsanitary in a food production environment. I'm also not a vegan." He taps his chin thoughtfully. "What else?"
asked that of Gabriel once upon a time when he'd been a few years younger, just free of Amelia, and a hell of a lot more willing to throw himself back into the romantic deep end. It had caused plenty of problems.
“I am worried about it,” he answers, since they’re far past the point of lying and deflection. “But regardless of that, I won’t save my own guilty conscience or the future of my relationship with Dean by throwing aside his health. I’m his...” he swallows and it almost chokes him. “I’m his husband. I promised I’d help make the tough decisions for him in the event he couldn’t, if he wanted me to. As Dean’s executor, he trusts me to. And with your corroboration, I’ll do what needs to be done.”
to perform. Life was a lot simpler before living among humans and thus developing emotions like pity and empathy that won't go away no matter how much alcohol and bad language he throws at them.
Maybe it never will be. He's going to have to square with that if either of them are going to be able to get on with their lives.
Dean whips around and Sam takes flight on pure instinct. But despite being taller with longer legs, Dean is faster, and Sam only makes it to the second floor landing before he's tackled and the pair of them hit the hallway floor in a vicious pile of wrestling limbs.
"I've got the later shift for the time being," Dean answers, and he's even telling the truth. He also fights down his instinct to hide his problems in front of non-family, but figures in a split second, in for a penny, in for a pound. "Since I still can't do walk-ins, I can sort of come in and out as I see fit as long as the work gets done."
For the first two weeks, Jody, Donna, and Sam had let Dean freak out, as they'd all agreed. He'd hit the gold medal of panic attacks in the first week, then shut himself into his own room fairly comatose until Sam had come in on laundry day to collect the sheets and clothes.
Dean begins to remove their clothing as he backsteps towards the bathroom. "So, you're not writing, you're fishing."
And by the time the sun's up, making the snow blanketing the city a bright, virgin white, Dean gets the distinct impression that his position curled up against Castiel Novak's solid back is going to become the new normal. And he's okay with that, too.
When the crew is called back to start, Dean hangs back to enjoy his peace a little longer. A few minutes after the set bell rings, there’s a warm hand on the back of his neck. He smiles. It’s familiar. He doesn’t say anything, just gets to his feet and steps around his chair to meet Castiel in a private, stolen moment for a kiss. It lingers in the best way.
"Fuck!" Dean gasps explosively. His chest heaves with his effort to fight back control, shaking from head to toe, another small spurt of come leaking out as he strokes himself loosely through the aftershocks.
Gabriel saunters over to the closet and strokes his fingers over the garment bag. “Not this one, though!”
Castiel hates how good the brief sensation of a rough working hand feels in his. He’d told Gabriel a hundred times that he didn’t know why he and Dean had such an abrasive relationship. But he does. He really, really does. It’s all his fault. It’s because he wants to fuck Dean into next Tuesday. The man is a marvel. The kind of rough and tumble cowboy that movies are made of. The Wild West personified wrapped up in denim, an obnoxiously large belt buckle, and lovely green eyes shaded by a tan cowboy hat. Castiel can’t help but stare.
Sam is standing in the doorway chewing his bottom lip, face red, but more like an angry maroon than an embarrassed rose. That doesn't bode well. But Gabriel holds his ground. Whatever happens, he's earned it.
“We can start simple. What helps you to relax the most after a long PT day like today? Does Lisa do anything for you that I could do instead?”
of it is, but not all of it. And in the meantime, I can’t guard Sam on my own. Bobby can’t stay here indefinitely. We both knew from the start that this was what would happen, should the worst case scenario come to fruition.”
“I don’t agree with the idea that any press is good press,” Castiel counters. “It could be nothing but bad press and ruin your image. Your image is what we’ve been trying to protect this whole time. You said you’d never compromise on your ideals.”
Loathe as he is to do it, Dean follows. He has to. And not just because his pants are immediately too tight when he hears that commanding tone, but also because Castiel knows what he’s doing. In a scene or not, he knows when Dean’s toeing the ledge of somewhere he’d rather not be.
Dean doesn't make an appearance until dinner, and even then he shuffles into the kitchen and slides into his chair, slumped down as far as he can get without falling onto the floor.
“Yes, thank you,” Castiel says irritably. “Dean and I were not having sex. Can we please leave now?”
But holy shit, Sam Winchester. That guy is Next Level. It's a damn fine line they walk considering the TA/student scenario, but thanks to Nick, there's no true conflict of interest. The dude hates him, and actively does everything he can to make Gabriels' academic and private life as miserable as possible. However, the fringe benefit of giving his own TA so little power in the classroom, inadvertently means he's allowing Gabriel to have whatever private life he wants with Sam without getting into any real trouble. There's no way to blackmail him or cook the books for his grades. Nick would kick himself in the nuts if he knew what his star pupil and his TA were getting up to.
“No,” he says almost inaudible, voice cracking into a thousand pieces. “Of course I can’t promise that. It’s a likely scenario. But together, maybe-”
“I’m not that drunk,” Sam insists. “And I’ve never fallen asleep having sex with you. Not gonna start on our wedding night!”
He gives the statement a serious amount of thought. He'd offered at the spur of the moment, preventing his brain from getting in the way. It's a craps shoot usually, but he
Therefore he allows himself to revel in the sensation of sparks as their bodies thrust together. He drinks away all of Dean’s gasps and moans. Soothes the trembling in his limbs and his muscles with mindless words of praise. And when Dean comes with a choked off sigh, untouched, internal muscles clenching around Castiel’s dick, it takes him right along with the current.
Dean rests his chin on his hand and says affectionately, "I don't know how I keep forgetting this, but you're a really real hippie."
"Maybe," Sam smiles. "So, what? Obviously you wanted to see what would happen letting someone new into the house. It's been a while since you've done that. But you handled it great, right? What about Cas?"
Gabriel slides his hands down carefully over Sam's shoulders, down his chest. "You're really tense."
Silence from behind the curtain save for a few more thuds and then the water shuts off. Sam's face appears again, eyes red from the shampoo abuse, and he holds his hand out. Dean snatches his towel off of the rack and passes it over impatiently. "Are you having a panic attack?" Sam asks calmly, wrapping the towel around his waist.
“I enjoy the simple life,” Dean answers. “Whatever. Look, I’m gonna just finish my food like a normal person and forget what I just read about me and my brother doing without our damn clothes on.”
“There’s no toughing it out with me, hotshot. Take a pill and we’ll stretch while we’re waiting for it to kick in.”
Shocked, Dean’s eyes meet Castiel’s. “What?” he says flatly. “Dude, you’re like... uh, pretty much the least insecure person I’ve ever met.”
He's got the boxers halfway up his legs when the text message alert sounds. He finishes dressing before checking it.
Castiel kneads the spot he hit roughly. “I enjoy the same level of masochism,” he assures him. “I can make you feel incredible,” he promises.
With irritated air quotes, Gabriel counters, "'just the flu' kills thousands of people every year in this country alone. It's not something to joke about."
Sam rolls his eyes, pulls out his chair, and immediately begins stuffing his face as though he's never eaten before. "You'll probably do that anyway, so I might as well have some fun while I can."
I'm sorry updates have slowed down to once a week lately. There's a lot of life stuff going on. Thank you for your continued amazing support and comments!
At least having the good grace to wait until he’s done, Castiel groans in the least sexy way imaginable. “It can’t be.” But he’s smiling at his husband in adoration.
Dean chuckles heavily, lips on the move again because there’s a lot he needs to study here. Especially the six-pack strong abs that flex and tremble against his lips as he lavishes them generously with brushes of his lips and swirls of tongue. Silently, he thanks Castiel’s rigorous workout regimen that he sometimes forces them both into because the results are giving him a wonderful boner. “Didn’t you say you were gonna kick me to the curb this morning without coffee and a blowjob? I’ve only done one of the two so far.”
He's a rare bird, Castiel Novak. Almost makes Dean believe that there really is someone out there for everyone. Him included. How wild would that be?
“Yeah. The all-American Golden Retriever.” Dean’s sharp green eyes sweep over the sound stage and audience, noting the exits and possible blind spots. The studio’s security is top notch, but force of habit and extra vigilance keep him tensed for anything. He’s on high alert until they’re all back home. He never even fully relaxes at hotels. “He’s earned this.”
Noses brushing together, Castiel whispers back in echo of idiotic months back, "it's a gift. You keep those."
Arya didn't know what that meant, but Harry seemed impressed. All of these new machines and technologies seemed so unreal to her, like a dream a child invented.
Cas thought about the question for a second. He recognized what fueled those words, what was hiding behind the moonlight in Dean’s eyes: doubt. “Do you remember when Urial and I were going to blow up that town to kill a witch when you and Sam stopped us?”
"I'm sorry for overwhelming you like that, Emily. I... I didn't know you lost your memory. I was just so relived to see you alive, so I'm sorry if I shocked you."
Castiel shook his head and started to walk back to his car. "Sorry, I can't help you. I've already wasted too much time here."
She felt the wizard comply and a few seconds later, her mouth felt the cool touch of air again and she gratefully wet her lips. The dark material had absorbed so much fire from her that even if she wanted to, she wouldn’t have been able to fight off this many wizards. So instead, she focused herself on the conversation.
The woman coughed for a bit, then said, “Not really. I was in the buildin’ when it exploded. I got out, but not many did.”
Kingsley was staring at her as though he had never seen anything like her before. His face was paler than Harry had ever seen it. Scrimgeour’s eyes were full of anger, but his hand twitched nervously in his lap.
A few Aurors went around and pointed their wands as the unconscious forms, softly whispering spells. Two other Aurors did as they were told and started to fuss over the man's wound. He slowly lifted his head, meeting Harry's gaze. The man's eyes glowed with a supernatural blue light. Harry took a step back and the man gave a little laugh. "Don't waste your time on me, boy," he gave a rasping cough, and blood dribbled from the corner of his mouth. "You should be going after that damn girl."
Hermione tuned to the car, a black Chevy Impala, as the driver got out. Sky blue eyes latched onto her as the man walked toward the small party.
She was forced to walk up the cold bunker stairs, out into the dark night. She had time to blink once, trying to adjust herself to the change of light, before she felt her captors turn on the spot, and everything vanished.
Fred sighed, laying down another card. “I’m not like Emily; I remember who I am. I can remember my whole life up to the point when that wall fell on me. My world just went black, and the next memory I have is waking up in front of a grave with my name on it. I had my wand with me.”
Arya’s leaf green eyes followed Dean as he walked around the room, examining the shelves of books. She was sure that he was listening to every word they said, and for some reason that unnerved her. However, she had told Emily she would talk, so talk she would.
"Yeah, the Devil," Dean said. "Look, he's lose and pretty freaking powerful right now. Who knows what he could be up to?"
Rowena's appearance confirmed his suspicion that other people were coming back from the dead. He looked at the witch and sighed. Cas owed Rowena for saving his life, he couldn't turn her down now.
This crime is so great that the famous detective, Sherlock Holmes, has been called in to help find the culprit. He is best known for- (Continued on page 3).
Arya looked away, her gaze drifting to the golden sun that filled up the sky. Trust. She had always been wary with her trust. But she thought of what her mother had said, about wanting to keep the peace. The only way to solve this problem would be to work with her mother. So she said, "I will go, then. But I have one request."
Tonks grinned and patted his back. “You two, Harry. I hope you’ve been keeping a good eye on my son.”
“John Watson, Sherlock's flat mate,” he said, shaking her hand. He glanced at Harry and Arya. “Who are you two?”
He walked out of the door, not waiting for John to follow. John stood to leave, but stopped as Mycroft said, “Look after him, Dr. Watson. Don’t let him make any stupid mistakes.”
"Yeah, of course. I'll show you to the guest room," Sam said, standing up and giving her a kind smile.
"Hey, hey, are you alright?" a concerned voice asked. Emily looked up and saw the tall man crouch down next to her. She looked into his eyes to see worry and... fear. This man, a stranger, was afraid of her. That hit hard, hard enough to bring her back to reality.
They flew past stopped cars, dodging panicking pedestrians running in the opposite direction. The explosion hadn't been far away- barely more than six blocks. Smoke and dust clouded their view as they neared the site. People appeared from the cloud of smoke, coughing and limping from various injuries. Emily ran over to one woman stumbling out of the exploded building, her hand over her mouth.
They turned off the busy street onto a row of apartment buildings and Emily spotted a familiar looking cafe banner.
, that Cas was fascinated with. Perhaps it was his constant rebellion to God’s divine plan; to reject anyone who told him what to do because it was his destiny. The ability to find another way even if it destroyed him (which it often did), was something Cas rarely saw in humans. Not to mention the constant devotion to his family.
Uriel turned to look at Harry. His eyes glowed blue, the same blue Harry had seen before, and wings appeared on his back, spreading wide. They were silver.
“We should not have come back here,” Arya whispered. “You were right. You do not belong here. And I don’t belong in Midgard. But I won’t abandon you, Emily. I’ll help you find your memories, and I will do my utmost to protect you. You have my word.”
"I'll come with you," said Loki, grinning. "I'd love to talk to him again, and I could use the chance to stretch my legs." The mask slipped on easily, a second layer of skin for the god.
He was, after all, called a freak on a regular basis due to his unnatural abilities to deduce a person’s whole life story after one glance. He received vivid hallucinations every time he snorted too much coke and drank a quart of red bull during his most challenging cases. Or more often, when he was just bored. He chased down serial killers and psychopaths alike, and though he had never encountered anything like
John smiled at the lady; no doubt she reminded him of Mrs. Hudson. “We’re looking for The White Willow. Can you tell us where it is?”
"A witch, or wizard, is someone who can perform magic. And we have eye witnesses for that bombing," said Harry.
Her mother stood up. "We can not dwell on matters such as this. All we can do is try." She looked down at Arya and frowned slightly. "And I will need you to do most of the trying."
When he pulled back Eragon was smiling, but there was a hint of sadness there. He climbed onto Firnen’s back and with a final wave, they lifted off into the sky and flew far, far away.
“But sometimes we cannot ignore these problems. Like now, for instance. We did not trust you with the existence of the supernatural, and look where it has landed us. You committed treason, Harry. You disobeyed our direct orders because what you saw conflicted with what you were told. In truth, part of this is not your fault. But you still chose to act as you did and that is where our problem lies.”
Emily nodded and pushed open the door. The three of them walked up the little flight of stairs to the place of their destination.
Tonks reached out her hand as far as she could without leaving the fireplace. Harry sped toward her, his heart pumping faster then it had in years. He reached out his free hand, reaching toward Tonks…
He still wondered if taking a job as an Auror suited him. Maybe he should have become a teacher like Hermione. At least then he would still get to be at Hogwarts.
His voice trailed off as his train of thoughts hurtled down their tracks at lighting speed. Moriarty was trying to show them Emily’s past, he was sure of it. But why? Why did the consulting criminal want Sherlock to know what Emily couldn’t remember?
She grabbed Emily’s hand and started to march out of the great hall. Emily looked back and said, “We’ll talk more later, okay?”
A ripple of green passed over Dean’s body, replacing the hunter’s stocky, muscular body with the lean form of a man with slick black hair and gleeful brown eyes, dressed in green and gold leather armor.
All of this Emily was aware of as she sat with Robin on the steps of the raised pedestal in the great hall. She was aware of this because, from the moment she saw Robin step out of that shadowed room in London, she had her memories back.
Sam couldn't wait in the bunker any longer; he had looked for Emily, found no trace, and had been waiting in a very hard wooden chair for the last three hours. What a life. So, he set out to find any trace of Dean, Cas, or the girl with the flames.
"Maybe we should just leave," John suggested from where he was sitting by the fireplace. "I mean, we've been here for- what, an hour?" His short frame was silhouetted by the flickering flames behind the grate, his cropped blond hair turning a soft orange in the light. The doctor was turned soft by the late hour and warm fire.
“I agree,” Cas said. “And after what Lucifer said about you, well, let’s just say you better watch your back. Something’s going on that we don’t know about, and I’m afraid of what could happen if we don’t find out what it is soon.”
echoed from above. Harry and Ron exchanged an uneasy glance, but before they could do anything the lift started to go up. A strange sound started to reach them as the lift traveled upwards. It was faint at first, but the closer they got to the atrium the more it grew: the sound of people screaming.
He turned and walked away, disappearing as he passed the small river. As Thor watched him go, the cloud moved from the sun and light filled the valley again. Except this time it wasn’t warm.
“Hold on,” Harry said, holding up a hand as if to stop the flow of words. “When I went to see that detective with Emily and her sister, she asked him about Moriarty. The detective said he’s really dangerous and super smart, or something like that. He warned us not to go looking for him.”
from outside. The three men hurried to the window and saw a large column of smoke rising out of the city.
Cas drove all day and night, stopping only for gas. His mind raced while he drove, trying to block the terror that was building up in his chest. If Rose was back, than did that mean other people were returning? And if people were rising from the dead, what about angels? And... demons?
“What happened?” she inquired, helping her to a bench, yelling over all the noise. Harry and Arya followed her, coughing from the smoke.
“Just like this time,” Emily muttered, disturbed by the similarity of the events. She pulled out the newspaper with the article of the more recent bombing and handed it to Hermione. She looked up at Arya. “Look, whoever is staging these bombings is trying to pin the blame on me. I have to find out who is doing this before I do anything else.”
Thor was still making plans with Stark when Banner got up from the table. "I'm gonna go talk to Cap. Make sure he knows what's up."
The lead figure, a man, stepped forward. He had dark chestnut skin and wore a long grey coat that nearly touched the ground. His head was completely bald and his eyes were stone-grey. "Put down that sword, Rose," he demanded, ignoring her question. "Before someone gets hurt."
"Oh, you don't remember?" A slow grin spread across the man's lean face, and he leaned forward even closer. "That
She didn’t seem upset at all at the news that she was sporting the mark of a dangerous wizard on her arm. She didn’t really seem to care.
going to help us, Harry? Your friends at the Ministry? Your faith that everything is going to turn out fine? I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but all of that is what landed us in these cells,” said Emily coldly.
know who I am now. Also, I cannot tell you my whole life story in a timely manner, so I will do my best to address the most important subjects for the moment.”
Arya found them asleep on a couch in the Ravenclaw common room. Robin lay on top of Emily, her head resting on the other girl’s chest. Emily had one arm wrapped around Robin. The other was dangling off the side of the couch, fingers gently touching the dark blue carpet that made up the floor.
He looked back at Emily, his jaw set. "You should get some sleep for now. We can answer some of your questions later, but for now you should rest." And with that, he and Hermione left. Arya gave her one last look of hesitation, then followed the wizards.
So she had died. The very idea made her skin crawl. The idea of death, of not existing, scared her more than Loki and Lucifer put together. But she was only, what? Sixteen, seventeen? She didn't even know her own age. She was too young to have died at the very least.
Hey guys! Feel free to comment, I would love to know what you think about this! I know it's a lot, but hopefully you guys will like this.
Eragon stepped to her other side, his lips pursed. “Are you sure we’re doing the right thing?” he asked them softly.
At this point, Emily’s head shot up. She had heard enough from Harry, Ron, and Hermione in the past few days to know that Harry and Ron had apprehended one of the angels who had attacked her. It seemed that the Ministry had found out what he was.
Mycroft shuffled his feet awkwardly. "That's because part of this disruption poses a particular threat to the both of you."
“Arya!” cried Sam, crouching down next to the unconscious form of the elf. Cas placed a hand on her forehead to will her awake and her eyes flew open with a gasp.
“Even if that were true,” Emily whispered. “I need to find out who I am. And I can’t do that here, Arya.”
Sherlock stood by the window in his bedroom, softly playing his beloved violin, thinking. He was thinking about Moriarty's return and what that meant for London. Would the criminal try to take over the city from underground? Would he try to take over the government? Or was he laying low, planning his revenge against Sherlock?
Set 20 years after Emily's death. For background, Harry is 20, Eragon is 25 (set a few years after the books ended), the Avengers are present day age, (bear in mind that Thanos is not part of this that little purple shit; so infinity war and endgame are not part of this, they never happened) and Sherlock and John are as they were right after the events of the third season. Also season 13 (and onwards) of Supernatural is also excluded from this as I started writing this before it aired.
His head jerked up as he heard someone calling his name. Stuffing the list in his pocket, Eragon ran out of the small room, following the voice. He ended up finding the others; Hermione had been the calling for him.
“He’s a dark wizard, well known throughout our world. Harry killed him a long time ago, when he was only seventeen. Voldemort tried to take over the wizarding world and killed countless Muggles and wizards. We thought he was gone forever, but now the dead are back.
Arya looked up at the great northern star, its light casting a brighter glow than that of the stars around it. It twinkled down at her in an almost secret way, as if to say,
Her eyes met his and he was thrown back in time to a memory he couldn't fully remember. Her gaze pinned him to where he stood, taking in his appearance with narrowed eyes. But her eyes were the wrong colour, weren't they? Why was she so familiar?
“I wish that to be true, Harry, I really do. But angels, demons, the devil- all are as real as you or I,” Kingsley shook his head, his deep voice filling up the otherwise silent room. “Is it a secret? In a way I suppose so. Muggles know of the existence of supernatural beings, but most choose not to believe in them. It is the same way they deal with magic. But in the wizarding world, such beings are ingrained in our history and society. How can we change a table into an elephant, or fix a broken cup with a flick of our wand, without believing in werewolves, vampires, and yes, Harry, angels. But the existence of the latter is not common knowledge. It is not hidden, but neither is it taught as necessary public knowledge.
Emily heard muffled noises from her right and assumed Harry had been restrained as well. Firm but careful hands hauled her up, still in her immobilized state, and steadied her on her feet. Now she could clearly see the room. Harry had his hands tied behind his back and his glasses were cracked, but other than that he was fine. The wizard Emily had stabbed was cursing as he pointed his wand at his knee, and crisp white bandages wrapped themselves around the injury. Two unconscious wizards were being revived by the stairs; probably the work of Harry. Arya lay on the ground near the table, still graceful even when unconscious. She must have been hit by one of the Ministry’s spells, just like Emily.
Before Sherlock could reply the door swung open, and in came Mycroft. His cold brown eyes settled upon his younger brother and his face twitched slightly. What was the emotion trying to break through the ice man's face?
Harry and Arya nodded so John went to the kitchen to make some. Emily continued to stare out the window, her thoughts turning to what Loki had said.
Almost everyone in the room winced at the name. Emily’s frown deepened as they did so; who was Voldemort and why was everyone so afraid of him?
The package had been delivered earlier that morning, with no return address or identification. Now he had a pretty good idea who had sent it.
When the door closed behind them Emily pulled her arm out of her sister’s grasp and snapped, “Hey! What was that for?”
“I had taken a short leave of my duties. You were still a child yourself, Arya, and I remember so clearly your face as I returned with a baby in my arms. A baby with flaming red hair, a color no elf can claim. You looked down at her and said, ‘What’s wrong with her? Why is her head on fire?’. You did not believe me when I told you you had a new sister. ‘She looks nothing like me!’ you would say, over and over again until you finally accepted the truth. She was only your half-sister.
At that moment, Lestrade walked in, his face tired and rugged. He obviously hadn’t been getting much sleep since the bombing. “You found anything yet, Sherlock?”
“In the meantime, we’ll try and find Emily’s ring,” said Cas. “We can ask her more about it in the morning.”
"Potter, there is a high chance that the Dark Lord will immediately try to find you and kill you. We cannot lose you and Hogwarts needs protecting. Also-" Kingsley said, stopping Harry before he could interrupt. "It is possible that Rose could go to Hogwarts, so we need Ministry members there. This matter is not open to negotiation. I expect weekly updates from everyone and please contact the Ministry immediately if anything important happens. Good day to you all."
Firnen let out a plume of satisfied smoke and curled himself upon the ground, a bolder of precious gemstones. Arya lay against his side and closed her eyes, and for the first time in Emily’s memory, she looked peaceful.
Thor laughed without humour. “Don’t be stupid. He left to find you, didn’t he? I can see what you are, Rose. I know what you can do."
Harry walked to the nearest table and sat down, rubbing his forehead. "I'm starting to get the feeling that you're telling the truth. But I'm supposed to bring you in."
?” Harry gaped. The three of them hurried into the hall and Sam stopped in shock once again. Hundreds of floating candles filled the air under the night sky, no ceiling in sight. Four tables took up the huge hall, another one set on a dias at the end. Around twenty people were staring at a shouting match in the center of the hall.
"Well, all I know is that I woke up a few miles from here. I don't know how I got here. The last thing I remember was the Devil standing over me as I burned to a crisp," Rowena said, looking at his car instead of his eyes, a slight tremor to her voice. "Where are you headed without your precious hunters?"
His fingers twitched as he remembered the two men appearing from thin air into his flat, leaving again with the same
Harry stared down at Emily so she stared back at him, quickly clearing her face of any emotion. His bright green eyes reminded her of the oak leaves resting in the summer sun in that golden field. "Ok, Emily, Hermione and Dumbledore have convinced me not to hand you over to the Ministry immediately, but that doesn't mean I can trust you."
“It was a gunshot,” Dean said. “I saw it in the paper. You were shot in the head in a back alley on Christmas Eve.”
that for a moment Sherlock couldn’t breath. He was caught in a strange emotion that he had never really felt before. What
They stopped at the corner, turning to glare at each other. Cas had come back to meet Dean, only for them to receive a call from Sam saying that Emily had run off. Cas had given the two strangers his car so they could look for Emily, while he and Dean searched some of the towns nearby. They had done more arguing than searching for the most part, though. Now, they were in a small town called Alma in Nebraska.
A stream gurgled a few yards from the building, and leaning over its edge was a giant white willow. The tree seemed to reflect light off it’s gleaming bone-white surface, and colours rippled across its branches and leaves. An old wooden bench was placed against its trunk, forlorn and beaten down.
“You know that Lucifer guy you and Dean were talking about? He came to me in a dream the other night.”
On the ground were four unconscious bodies and one man with a bullet through his head. There was blood staining the grey pavement, and the faint smell of smoke filled the autumn air. Harry cautiously approached the man with the head wound, staring down at his blank face with nausea. Next to him was a small, short blade that shined in the sunlight. Harry picked it up and studied it. He had never seen anything like it before.
Now she was back, and the Avengers were in pieces. Dead people were appearing left and right. Not as zombies, but as they had been before they died. The human's news was full of sightings and stories of supposed dead people. No one could offer an explanation. No one knew what was happening.
The ginger woman, Rowena, nodded. “He made quite the case. I’ve brought what you asked for, dear. Summoning a portal to Hell isn’t too tricky, and I’d do anything to save poor Dean.”
Anger that had been slowly building up ever since she woke up in that field filled her like water rushing past a dam. It was anger at being threatened, questioned without reason, and generally treated with great suspicion. It was anger at her ignorance of her own life.
Arya nodded along with the others. She was glad no innocents had been permanently harmed in their endeavor. She had great respect for life since the war with Galbatorix. No one deserved to die just for being unfortunate enough to exist.
“We’re about a days drive from New York, trying to find you,” Cas said. “You are in New York, right?”
Dean glanced down at Cas’s hand still attached to his arm and wrenched it out of his grip. Sam looked on with wide eyes and caught the angel’s gaze before he could look away.
, you don't really get to be sorry right now. I woke in a field only one day ago, got attacked by angels, or so I'm told, was carried off to a secret bunker, convicted of killing hundreds of people, got a death threat basically, and was kidnapped by
"Well, maybe she's changed," drawled Stark, who was standing by the counter. "I mean, everybody seems to be changing these days." He glared at Loki. Apparently, Stark could hold a very long grudge.
Malfoy shot one last look of contempt at Harry then threw himself onto a bench, fuming. Harry sighed and turned back to Sam. “Sorry about that. I guess everyone is trying to deal with their different problems. I’m gonna have to look into that, so I don’t think I’ll be able to help you much. Just keep me posted on Emily.”
“As I told Emily yesterday, I do not believe she blew up that building. I have yet to name any real suspects, as this case seems to be of an abnormal sort.”
start coming back, they don’t send you off to a school without any mention of their plans and the threats that they are facing because that would be absurd, wouldn’t it? No, I’m sure they would never do something like that to
Harry didn’t say anything. He simply looked at her, the girl with piercing silver eyes and magic beyond his comprehension, and nodded.
Emily cautiously approached the thing. It was well over the size of a house, its claws were longer than her torso. It was glittering, magnificent, and extremely dangerous.
Sherlock opened the door to Baker Street, alone, checking to make sure no one was following him. He ran into Mrs. Hudson on the base floor, causing her to almost spill her cup of tea.
“So, now that you know what’s happened, do you really think I bombed those buildings?” Emily asked the room, weared down by the long talk.
Rowena had drawn a complicated circle on the wall in white chalk. She busied herself with putting some vague ingredients in a cup, muttering old words over it. She beckoned them over, red smoke now rising from the goblet.
Emily sat next to her and tentatively leaned against the dragon. He was warm and comforting, and she could see the appeal in being bonded with a dragon.
Islanzadi tapped the table once to bring back Emily’s attention. “There is also anger in you. Anger that was not there before. And if you are not careful, it will consume you as well.”
The strange man glanced around the room, taking in everything. His eyes settled on Emily, and he froze. “You.”
Sherlock slowly lifted his head to meet John’s piercing gaze. “Moriarty sent me a piece of paper. It had the words “The White Willow, Salix” written on it. I assume that is the place he is referring to.”
Hermione was waiting for them in the lounge room outside of the Auror offices, irritated and worried. "I've been thinking over this Emily Rose business," she stated as they sat down across from her in the heavy armchairs. "And I think that we should look into this more."
“Let’s just drive,” the detective mumbled, putting more pressure on the gas pedal. He didn’t know how to apologize, and wasn’t sure if John wanted him to.
and the door to the bunker flew open. Seven people with wands in hand strode into the room, taking no time to point them at the small party on the ground.
Emily’s shock must have registered on her face because Islanzadi narrowed her eyes at her before speaking. “Do you really not know? You were there, after all. The day I brought her home.”
“I was born much earlier than you, as our mother’s first child,” Arya began. “You were born many years later, when I was an adult, but not as my full sister. You see, we do not share the same father.”
Harry poured himself another cup of coffee. The warm brown liquid shimmered and sloshed around the cup like waves under a ship. Ron pushed a plate of bacon toward him.
If Loki was working with Lucifer, then it would be hard to stop him. But why? How did they meet? One thing was for sure. They were in deep trouble.
As she rounded the next bend, she became aware of someone behind her. Quickly walking down the block, she crossed to the other side of the street and turned the corner. A moment later, the figure did too. Emily was being followed. She picked up her pace and looked behind her to see someone wearing a grey hoodie with the hood up. She started to jog up the street, twisting through the London crowds as fast as she could. As she hurried down the block, she glanced over her shoulder and saw that the figure was running after her, and gaining. Making a quick decision, Emily ran through the next corner and ducked inside a building with an open door next to a busy cafe called Speedy's. She stuck herself to the wall and held her breath. She waited a few minutes, then poked her head out of the door frame but saw no one of suspicion.
Emily paused, twisting her head to look around. At first there appeared to be nothing. Then she saw the figures in the wheat patches, slowly walking toward the fence that separated the road from the grain field.
"Well, I refuse your offer," Emily said, breaking free of his grip. "As you seem to be under the latter."
They appeared in the middle of a large atrium, its walls surrounded by green fireplaces spitting out wizards and witches every few minutes. A large golden statue of a wizard, a witch, a house elf, a goblin, and a centaur was placed in the center of a fountain. Streams of clear water fell from the tip of the wizard and witch’s wand and the ears of the goblin and house elf. Gold and marble shone from every surface: a symbol of power and might.
Then the man left, giving the two Dragon Riders no choice but to follow. The castle he had taken them to was unlike any Arya had ever seen, and had never hoped to either. It was full of secrets, and, as it turned out, memories.
Banner looked unhappy at this, but Loki was already standing up. "Come on Banner, let's go greet the patriot."
Eragon seemed to call down a bit. "Say I do come. How long will it be? I can't leave the dragons for long."
“What? Turn up here, so close to where you remembered?” Ron said, scratching his short stubble. “In Apperating, which is what we just did, you concentrate on the place you want to go. You just thought of this area so when Hermione and I Apperated, we all ended up where you wanted to be.”
HELLO I am back to writing this so yeah, expect some more chapters soon! Comments are greatly appreciated, and thank you so much to those who have encouraged me to keep writing!! You are the best.
"I will see you there. I have to go, I think Blasmer set the west tower on fire again," Eragon turned to go, then glanced at her again. "Are you ok, Arya?"
She shook her head. “Not before it exploded. But after, this girl and ‘er two friends appeared. The girl ran into the buildin’, even though ‘er friends tried to stop ‘er. She came out a bit later with a little boy and gave ‘em to the firemen.”
Emily glared at him as much as she could in her immobilized state, trying desperately to break free.
There was something strange in Arya’s face as she looked at Emily. There was pain there, yes, but also a deep intensity. Her eyes pleaded with Emily, as though searching for something she had lost. It occurred to Emily at that moment that perhaps Arya had been different once. Perhaps the sister who had given her that red rose was still there, desperately trying to emerge, but afraid of being rejected.
Arya hesitated, then stepped forward and placed a hand on her mother’s arm. “Mother, I have done as you asked. I entered Midgard and found that what is happening here is occurring there as well. And I have brought my sister home.”
He was startled out of his thoughts by Banner clearing his throat. "So what are we supposed to do? I mean, who is this girl and why should we care?"
about my past. You’re not the first person to say something like that to me and you probably won’t be the last! I don’t know what the
Robin loved strawberries, the ones where the juice dribbles down your chin when you bite into it; the ones that taste like summer and sun and love. The ones the color of blood that stain your teeth pink if you eat too many. She loved sitting in the shade of a tree, lazily popping a cool berry into her mouth to combat the hot summer sun.
"This is the entrance to Midgard," Arya answered. She had been here a long time ago with her mother, on their way to find Emily. That trip had not been fun, and Arya sensed that this one would be equally difficult.
Precious cargo all tucked in so it won't spill, Dean backs out of the garage. He waits for the door to close before fully pulling out of the driveway. Breathing for a minute. Just breathing. Sam had really helped distract him, but now it's up to him, his meds, and all the therapy.
He’s around to the back of Dean again, and instructs, “let the ropes have your weight. Don’t struggle against them.” He starts the leg binding just above Dean’s anklet; first around his calves, then around his thighs. Up and under and around until nearly his whole leg is encased in the strong rope. Each knot lifts his leg higher until his heel is nearly pressed against his thigh. He falls into the ropes even more, Castiel making a pleased noise.
Sam doubles over laughing so hard that he could probably wake the neighbors. It's so surreal. He's standing in his house at 1:50 in the morning, trying to complete his walk of shame peacefully, while having a perfectly civil conversation with his brother's boyfriend, who is probably trying to achieve the exact same goal of gracefully departing after who knows what, to get some well-earned sleep.
Castiel sighs. He knows that in these situations, tact is usually appreciated, but he’s never been that type of person, and Sam is just as good as Dean at wiggling through tactfully placed loopholes. Plus, Sam often appreciates his bluntness, so he says, “yes, I believe he is.”
“I do,” Dean answers, also quite wobbly. He nearly fumbles the ring, but manages to get it safely on Castiel’s finger where it will stay forever.
But Cas is there. He can feel the bed dip and then he’s curling into a familiar pair of arms. Cradled against a familiar chest. And then he’s crying so hard that his nearly-healed ribs ache terribly.
The last couple weeks of filming go off without a hitch for Sam, but Castiel and Dean have their work cut out for them. They have limited official resources in Canada, but the set security turns out to be pretty damn amazing. In their office, set up with dozens of high definition screens, they monitor the cameras and even bring in a large evidence board to pin up pictures of everyone, so that new faces are identified and tracked immediately. No gifts or unscheduled deliveries for the actors are accepted, and Castiel and Dean manage to collect plenty of photographs good enough to be run through facial recognition once they have the full weight of Bobby and Charlie’s contacts behind them to do so with alacrity. Dean thanks every one of the security guards and tech analysts for taking him seriously and not thinking he’s making a mountain out of a molehill since stalkers are fairly common on film sets. He makes a mental note to buy them all a case of beer each after the hiatus. Castiel suggests a fruit basket, but that’s boring.
Castiel laughs briefly. "And another dumbass called in the middle of the night to call the first dumbass a dumbass for not putting unnecessary chemicals into his body."
Dean shrugs, heart softening at the sentimentality. "Yeah, sure. Long time ago, me and my buddies would go out to this Roadhouse on Thursday nights. Every time, same burgers, same beer, same jukebox. Maybe even the same crowd. But it was..." he searches for the words until he realizes that Castiel has already said them. "Yeah, it was like that."
Dean slams his coffee cup down on the table harder than intended. He sits right across from his brother, staring him down hard. "This ain't about you, Sammy. Never has been. You didn't set the fire, and you're not responsible for my trauma. I'm serious, man. You gotta believe me, okay? It's not because of you. That fire fucked me up for years, sure, but my brain's always had these issues. It's just who I am. The issues just, like... manifest as that. Not like that wasn't the worst thing we've been through. If there'd been something worse..." his shoulders tip up. "I'd be freaking out about that instead."
Castiel rolls his eyes upwards, praying for patience and understanding and the internal will to not murder today. He's far too sick to hide a body. "Hot toddy," he clarifies. "It helps my throat better than any cough syrup on the market."
Sam makes an ugly sound that could have been a laugh under better circumstances. "Yeah, sorta. A woman with drugs."
Dean hangs up, and turns to toss his dress shirt towards his suitcase, freezing when he sees Castiel half-dressed, looking both troubled and guilty.
The small gathering of their friends and family are already seated and chatting while Missouri Moseley waits at the archway in a lovely white dress.
Dean turns this way and that at the crossroads, but nothing seems out of place. No one running, no speeding vehicles. It’s infuriatingly normal. “Goddammit,” he mutters.
Castiel smiles serenely, "well, then, it looks like we both have a lot of soul searching to do, don't we?"
Despite the gravity of the situation, Castiel chuckles a little and leans even closer to Dean, winking. “You realize I make you go to those because you hate them so much, right?”
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean groans, slowly sitting up. His whole spine pops in protest thanks to the shitty mattress.
“Thanks,” Dean says roughly. “I kinda... get you now. But I’ve done good by Baby.” He reaches out to stroke her nose, fingers brushing over Castiel’s hand, and happy when the other man doesn’t pull away from him. “And I’m sorry I accused you of being... y’know. A murderer and all. I’ve never been so glad to be wrong about anything in my life.”
The ropes tighten, squeak, and then after a moment of pure expectancy, Dean feels himself being lifted off the ground. The choked “oh, God,” he meant to keep to himself must have slipped out because the lift stops abruptly. He can hear the shift of Castiel’s clothing and his sharp intake of breath.
Lucifer ignores Castiel, fully focused on Dean. “I took notice of you. You don’t think I did, but it’s true. Couldn’t help it, really. Always the stalwart older brother. Always standing beside Sam with that famous scowl on your face.”
Castiel steps into his space slowly. “This isn’t a contract about sex. It’s a firm foundation for us to build a lasting relationship, as well as a fulfilling sexual relationship. It will ensure that it’s both safe and fantastic.”
Castiel jumps, eyes snapping open. “Dean?” He blinks rapidly. Rubs his eyes. Realizes that Dean really is there and shoots to his feet. “Dean! Are you...? Can you...? Are you okay?” He grabs Dean’s good hand, squeezing it. He looks like he’s about to have a damn panic attack.
He has no idea how to talk himself down in this particular situation. The only course of action is retreat. Slowly, he tries to extract himself, arching away and painstakingly dragging his arm out from under Castiel's.
Castiel winces sympathetically. "I imagine you have some broken ribs. There's not much to be done about those, though. Just rest." The ointment stings for a few seconds before blessedly numbing him, and with the lightest touch imaginable, Castiel continues his work. "Your leg's not broken, but your ankle... can you move it?" He helps Dean lift his foot far enough so that he can roll it in an extremely painful circle. But Castiel smiles encouragingly. "Probably not broken."
Obediently, Dean scrambles up onto the padded table with Castiel’s help and relaxes back against his heels.
Sam huffs a laugh. "I know I've got a stick up my ass a lot, but I'm never worried about what'll happen when I hang out with you and the rest of the Scooby gang."
He feels as tired as he looks. “Thank you, Jack. Shall we work the shift for six hours, or should we go four?”
"You don't," Sam agrees in his most annoyingly maternal tone that wipes away Dean's guilt with a quickness. "I just wanna keep my brother alive, is all."
Dean holds his hands up, and while Castiel takes the key from the holder to free him, says, “I’m all about the wish fulfilment. Trust me, the pleasure was all mine.”
Getting pictures of the fans turns out to be easier than intended. In fact, they’re all too happy to pose for Dean and Castiel to snap shots of all of them. Dean gets wrestled into more photos than he wanted, but it’s part of the job, he supposes. And he’s positive that they’ll turn up on Instagram eventually. He’ll never understand how he and Castiel have become somewhat of a pair of celebrities themselves, but to each their own. A small part of him doesn’t mind being treated like a rock star.
Castiel shakes his head. But it feels like a long conversation is ahead of them. In the interest of making them both more comfortable he asks, “may I sit?”
It's really hard to focus. He can't see straight. Not really sure that's in the cards anymore. But he
“Fuck me,” Dean pleads, sniffling and coughing. “Nothing’s g-g-g-good enough. Nothing’s ever g-g-good enough, b-b-but you.”
"Me, too." He stares up some more, listening to Sam's slow breathing beside him. This is... this is good, he realizes. He's calm. "I don't wanna be alone forever," he says, still quiet. "I don't want that passenger seat empty forever."
Dean watches his boots steadily as he creeps forward in the line, unable to take a real look around this morning. Too much movement. Too much chaos. He's only been awake for three hours and it already feels like he's getting to the end of his rope. Maybe Donna
Satisfied, Castiel muses that he’s really outdone himself, if he does say so. He removes the spreader bar, giving Dean’s legs back and guiding his pliant body to the gym mat below him. He scoots them both back so he can lean against the wall, cradling Dean in his lap against his chest. He strokes at his sweaty hair, soothing the trembling.
Dean had asked what would have happened if Sam hadn't loved Eileen enough. If he'd had the tiniest sliver of a doubt.
Sam signs them both with a flourish. “Thanks for your support, ladies.” Then he winks and the women dissolve further. “Be seeing ya!”
"Gotta hand it to you; you've got a gift. Talking about liking my body in a way that won't make me feel even more disgusting."
Dean and Castiel announce their engagement. Sam insists on hosting the wedding. Missouri Moseley presides over all.
He doesn’t realize he’s wringing his hands until Sam physically stops him. And he’s smiling fit to burst. “It’s a good thing, Cas. Dean’s...” he takes a step back, releasing Castiel and leaning back against the desk. “Honestly? I never thought Dean would be the marrying type. I mean, I’m sure you’ve noticed that he keeps most people at arm’s length. It takes a lot to get under his guard. And far enough for him to want to marry you? It’s never even crossed my mind before. Then again, nothing about your relationship with him has been predictable for me, so. You know.”
Grinning almost manically, Sam grabs the papers and tosses them unceremoniously into the fire pit with the scented logs. He douses the whole of it in lighter fluid and rips a match out of the matchbook. “Anyone wanna say a few words?”
Castiel grabs blindly for the conditioner, absolutely no time for style. Just the feeling of it. He squirts a generous amount in this palm, then takes both their dicks in hand, pumping them frantically, back blocking the spray of water. It pours down his head and over his body, leaking from his mouth, and all Dean can do is hold on for dear life, sucking in the humid, wet air. Jolt his hips and fuck into Castiel’s fist for all he’s worth.
"It's okay," the blue eyes soothe. "You probably had some mild frostbite. It'll be painful, but it won't last."
Castiel hums. “Even when we have perfectly normal sex, you’re still so loose afterwards.” He rolls his shoulders to dislodge Dean long enough to wash their hair. “Like a wet noodle.”
Ugh. It doesn't matter now. All that matters is that he needs to focus really hard on not crossing into the light because he needs to be able to stay behind on Earth as a ghost so that he can haunt Sam for the rest of that asshole's life.
The fact that he’s not calling it the play room, even though they’re in a scene, pings Dean’s radar, but he goes as instructed, standing in the middle of the floor obediently since he was given no further instructions. He glances around, wondering what Castiel has in mind, though the possibilities are pretty endless. Instead of driving himself crazy with it, he glues his eyes to the door.
On his lunch break, he stays in the break room. Washes his hands thoroughly, but forces himself to stop before it goes as far as he usually lets it. He's in a good mood today. In a good place. Pushing himself a bit will probably work. It does.
Castiel’s neatly tousled hair is now messy tousled. His blue eyes are dark, pupils dilated wide. His normally pale, dry lips are parted, wet, and kissed to a deeper hue. He takes a breath to say something, but just before he does, Dean’s errant thought is,
"How many people have you had sex with out there again?" Sam asks with such false curiosity that Dean can't help but swipe his hand out to smack Sam's beer bottle, causing him to slosh onto his knees. "Hey, no alcohol abuse!"
Because it is. Castiel is falling in love, and while it's never simple with anyone, he's ready for the challenge of having that with Dean.
Dean grins, though he’d prefer not to sit down for a full psych session today. “Who called in the cavalry?”
Surprisingly wobbly, Sam stumbles to his feet, Dean holding onto him and guiding him unerringly into the living room and to the couch. Sam falls into it with a moan of appreciation. He must have been down for a minute on the tile because his whole ass is tingling with pins and needles as it tries to wake up. He scrubs both hands over his face. "God, Dean, I'm sorry. I must have freaked you out."
“I know that feeling, too,” Castiel agrees, rubbing his own arms. “It’s like I’ve perpetually had too much coffee.” His shoulders slump. “Something’s gotta give,” he says wearily.
Definitely the bed. Dean stretches out, wiggles his extremities. Everything is heavy in a great way. Then he feels
“To be fair, he goes for quantity over quality,” Gabriel says. “You throw a bunch of shit at the wall, something will stick eventually. And he’s gotten pretty fucking rich doing what he does.”
Needless to say, Castiel looks obviously concerned when he meets Dean in the upstairs office, closing and locking the door. “Has something happened?” he asks straight off.
Brady shrugs. “She’s done well here in Atlanta,” he says. “It’s a fairly liberal city. Regardless, we’re going to get a positive outcome.”
Dean clears his throat. “Not for nothing,” he quips with a hell of a lot of false bravado, “but the last time someone looked at me like that, I got laid.”
Afterwards they pile into two cars and make their way to Splatter, arriving just a few minutes after ten. It sounds like the club is already in full weekend swing.
Dean says nothing, but his interest shows in the way he shifts around a little to be able to settle his head on the pillow and see Castiel better. “Y’don’t have to tell me.”
Gabriel shrugs, squeezing Sam's hand. "I won't push about your brother anymore. You've told me it's over the line, and I'll respect that totally. I wasn't asking about him in good faith, anyway. It was for Cassie."
Sam’s nodding along eagerly. “It was pretty awesome. With my schedule these days, it’s kinda like harkening back to the good old days. It’s nostalgic.”
Sam swallows too big of a mouthful of coffee too quickly. It scorches his throat. He coughs softly. "Do you mean after Dr. Pellegrino, or in general?"
Sam rolls his eyes and hands his credit card off to the server. “No, of course not. You just spent a hell of time winning a whole event against impossible odds.”
“I mean, you’ll want to make a big announcement and have a huge wedding and take me to all the awards shows on your arm. Walk the red carpet.”
... what if he goes for broke? "Dude," Dean says with a smirk that's probably only trembling in his mind. "If I was worried about my masculinity, I wouldn't let other dudes put their junk up my ass."
we be without coffee shops for those of us who don't have the time or the energy to make their own at home? People wouldn't be able to wake up. If they can't wake up, they don't go to their own jobs. If they don't go to work, things don't get done. If things don't get done? Mayhem. The total failure of our infrastructure."
With a tiny smirk, Castiel asks, “have you touched yourself at all lately?” He doesn’t say, “since you were wounded.” But Dean understands. “You can answer.”
Thankfully, Naomi doesn’t leave them waiting for long. At five minutes after the hour, the back door opens and the court guard enters. “All rise,” he says. They all stand and Naomi enters, approaching her bench. “The Honorable Judge Naomi Tapping presiding.”
Castiel looks like he's been slapped in the face. Frozen in place, blue, blue eyes as wide as saucers. "You did
Sam nods, resting his hands on the stone railing right next to Gabriel. He gazes out onto the meticulously landscaped grounds where the guests come and go, too far away to be heard. “It’s a beautiful home.”
Sam gives him an aching look. “You’re not gonna go through with this, are you? I mean, Dean’s not right about this, is he?”
He’s not sure if he fell asleep or just zoned out, but one minute there’s an infomercial on about some hard sucking vacuum, and the next he’s blinking around Castiel’s legs to see a rerun of
Castiel's head snaps back and he moans beautifully, eyes half closed in bliss, flushed down to his chest.
Sam looks more exhausted than anyone as they enter into the kitchen from the garage. “I’m sorry your birthday was ruined,” he tells Castiel.
Castiel only stops his worship to retrieve the condoms and lube from his suitcase. Then he crawls back onto the bed, gaze sweeping over his husband. As ever, he’s beautiful like this; flushed, hard, smiling lazily, and spread wide. The sight makes Castiel pause. “You don’t believe him, do you?” he asks quietly.
Castiel moves ahead of him, and when they get to the kitchen, Sam is there with a huge, welcoming smile. "Hey, Cas! Good to see you again! Welcome to our home."
Dean rolls himself into Castiel’s arms, enjoying the warmth and the rumble of laughter against him. “Not one armed, he’s not.”
Chuckling, Castiel grasps the ribbon’s tail on their left hand and tugs. It takes a few tries, but eventually it comes off. Dean’s arm flops down to his side. The right arm follows a minute later. “We should get cleaned up.”
is about to lose his damn mind. But he doesn’t know what to do about it. Castiel is the one with the control all the time. He doesn’t know what to.... “shh,” he hushes. “Take a breath, sweetheart.” He gently presses his fingertips into the dip of Castiel’s spine, swiping up.
Breathing does. So he does that. And when he's sure that he won't drop all of his pills because of his shaking hands, he digs in his jacket for a Xanax and downs it with the dregs of his coffee, now gone cold. Just the act of taking it helps.
Dean can only pray that the heat in his cheeks isn't actually visible. "Wow," he coughs to cover his embarrassing arousal, "you'd think you
Dean's head comes up slowly, the ten ton pressure in his chest easing in an instant. "Hey, Cas," he says, letting his smile finally break free now that it's genuine.
sorry. “He probably loses sleep worrying that one of us will storm out and quit on account of the other one being too much of a dick someday. And he’s got enough to worry about.”
“I never thought we’d be able to,” Castiel says, voice oddly thick. “Never thought we’d have the time.”
He loses track of how long Dean carries on with his torture before he gives one prolonged tug and the plug comes out, suddenly leaving him feel quite empty.
happy, is all. You're getting better, and that'll make you happier, and that's all I care about. I don't want to hold you back for the rest of your life."
, it’s nearly enough. His body tenses. Castiel lets go abruptly. Dean’s teeth grinding together as his orgasm is ripped out of reach, is audible.
It's quite a story in the end. Castiel's already heard briefly about Dean at the cafe on Monday. But this time Gabriel doesn't leave a single detail out. Then he talks about Sam. And they way that he talks makes it clear Gabriel genuinely
Chuckling, Dean sends the confirmation text and tells Sam that Benny might be willing to bring the hitch and trailer if he begged.
“Do you want me to ride you?” Castiel asks, thrusting his pelvis firmly against Dean’s to draw his attention.
He's just not sure he's ready to talk about his situation as far as Dean's concerned. If this were about him alone, he'd go for it in a second. Maybe he could talk about it in vague terms? He could try. Since when did he get so bad at this?
They’re ensconced in their shared office having a closed door meeting while Sam autographs the piles of promo shots downstairs for his fans. He’s never happy about being cut out of certain aspects of his own protection, but it’s for the best, and he had requested months ago not wanting to hear anything else about stalkers unless absolutely necessary. He’s sensitive to these sorts of things and takes them to heart too deeply. Unless it’s something he needs to know about, he’s content to grumble mildly and leave the rest to his bodyguards.
Before Harry could answer the door to Emily’s cell swung open and out stormed the fiery girl. “Well? Are we going to get out of here or not?”
She could feel his mind, as clear and comforting as a cool pond on a hot summer’s day. He sensed her too, and the joy that shot between them was so intense she felt the air glow around her in reaction.
do these bombings, but we also can’t rule out the possibility that you are being blamed for this. Especially after what Sam told us.”
, and turned left. As she walked, Emily took the sword off of her back and attached it to her belt. Her back was starting to hurt from the bouncing of the heavy metal. She tried to concentrate on regaining a memory, any memory at all, but her mind was blank. The golden field was about an hours walk behind her, but Emily didn't want to stick around in that creepy place. It felt off there, like the world was slowly unbalancing under her feet.
Everyone went silent as soon as she sat down and turned to look in her direction. Emily poured herself some coffee and slowly drank it, annoyed by the attention. Arya, who was sitting on the other side of Dumbledore, frowned at her, as though sensing something was wrong. She ignored the elf as deftly as the others.
"I don't know if, or how, she did it," Harry muttered, "but the Ministry needs to find her and get some answers."
At one of the long tables was Hermione, pouring over a stack of books, her dark curls glowing softly in the candlelight. She looked up as he entered.
“God damn it,” she muttered. She was tired of this. Of only glimpsing small pieces of her past that made no sense. She wanted, no
“Great,” Fred said, standing up and stretching. “You three go look for the Devil, I’ll go home and tell everyone where you’ve gone. Try
Sherlock grinded his teeth in frustration but managed not to lash out at the wizards. Really, their level of incompetence was as bad as the police.
working with Moriarty?” Dean asked. “I mean, there can only be so many wizards in the world. Do you have any idea of who we’re up against?”
He looked down and noticed a white slip of paper peeking out from under the gun. Frowning, he picked it up and smoothed out the wrinkles. The only thing written on it was:
A small smile split Dean’s face at this, and all Cas wanted, for the rest of his life, was to be able to make him smile like that. To smile as though he was sharing a secret joke with Cas, to smile with that small glint of happiness he so rarely sees on the hunter anymore.
distracting, but he tried to concentrate anyways. His long fingers flipped through a file from twenty years ago, when the bombing on Shell Centre had happened. There was a description of a girl, describing Emily exactly, as the main suspect. But that had to be impossible; how could Emily be the same age as she was
Harry raised an eyebrow. "The Ministry is already doing that. They have people in the field looking for her right now."
“Well, no Muggle has ever set foot in this castle for as long as anyone can remember. Hogwarts is supposed to be a safe place for wizards, built to keep non-magical people, which is what a Muggle is, away. So by bringing you here, Harry is basically breaking every rule that the wizarding world stands upon.”
But getting a call from a strange man who claims to know your son and Harry Potter, who admits that he could use your help to rescue a known criminal because he doesn’t know anything about the Ministry due to the fact that he is a
be after her. Not to mention all of that happening with her having no memory. It had been a very stressful, very emotional day.
Cas blinked slowly, as if coming out of a trance. "Maybe we should call his cell. He could have gone looking for us."
“We, uh, found something,” Sam continued. “It seems Lucifer has raised the dead before. We don’t know exactly how, but we think we know some of the ingredients he used, so it’s possible he’s responsible for… all this.”
The man narrowed his eyes at him. "Hmph. I don't believe you, mortal. You're coming with me." He strode across the space between them, grabbed Sam's arm, and pointed his spear to the sky.
"Yesterday, Harry told me this place was a school. Why aren't there any students?" Emily asked. The sun was high in the sky, so it must be close to noon. She really had slept awhile.
Sherlock was silent for a moment, his eyes training on Emily until she disappeared into the crowd completely. “I think The Game has begun.”
“It's just- Voldemort always wanted to be the center of attention. He never tried to hide what he'd done if everyone already knew he was at power. This murder, so soon after those bombings… it's like he doesn't even know they
Her second impression was one of eyes. Eleven pairs of piercing eyes turned to latch onto her, all of them narrowed and suspicious. Five chairs stood on each side of a large wooden desk set in the middle of the room. In each chair sat robed wizards and witches with matching frowns and bagged eyes. Sitting at the regal desk was a tall, dark skinned man without a single hair on his head. He had kind if slightly tired eyes the colour of amber, flecked with gold. He wore a pair of purple robes embroidered with golden symbols and lines that trailed down his arms and legs in intricate patterns.
Even Loki, the god of mischief, was at a loss. This wasn't supposed to happen. Emily was supposed to have died, end of story. Time would move on, and Loki would go about his usual tricks and laughs in the safety of knowing she was gone. Out of his reach. He wouldn't have to worry about seeing her; she couldn't come find him. But now time had stopped, and everything was far from what it was supposed to be.
"We can either do this the easy way or the hard way. Surrender and answer for your crimes, or we will use force," the man warned.
“I doubt it. Why would Moriarty send us all to Ireland when he’s perfectly capable of reaching us in London?”
"No, thanks," Dean told him. "I'm just looking for someone. A tall man, with short black hair and blue eyes wearing a trench coat. Seen him anywhere?"
This was a lie. That is what Odin told his subjects and the rest of the nine worlds. When Emily had entered Midgard, her presence had sent a flare through the nine worlds. They had been confused as to where this powerful girl had come from. Odin had put up a facade to keep his subjects calm, but the fool of an old man should have known it wouldn't keep forever. However, the Avengers didn't question his short tale. They didn't know enough to challenge him.
Tony turned to glare at him before focusing back on Emily. “Shut up, Rogers. Look, we’ve been looking for you for awhile now-”
to help you solve this. We can help you find out who you are, I promise. Here, you can be safe. But out there, anything could happen," he took a step forward and held out his hand. "At least stay until Dean and Cas come back, then we can work this out
Emily wondered as she stood and watched the figures approach. No point in running if she didn't know where she was going. There were five of them, each wearing a gray coat and holding a short silver blade in their hands. Emily drew her own sword in response.
Suddenly the weight on top of him lifted and Cas gave a rasping cough, blood dripping out of the side of his mouth.
“Not if it gets infected,” Steve Rogers said, walking over to her with some bandages. “Take off your jacket and let me clean it.”
"Not at first. But I know how to set her on that path. And once she gets there, she won't be able to turn back until we tell her what she wants to hear."
“No, he’s a Muggle. Apparently he’s one of Britain’s top wanted criminals. He died a couple years ago, though we don’t know how.”
The two of them turned away, starting back to their car, when Hermione cried out, “Wait! The name you said, Moriarty, I’ve heard it before. Is he really involved with this murder?”
this?” John swore as they exited the house, their efforts entirely fruitless. A small breeze made the balmy night air slightly more bearable.
Dumbledore’s eyes twinkled and Emily thought she saw a smile hiding behind his silver beard. Sirius, however, was not as amused. “Yay? That’s all you have to say?
Sherlock slammed open the door, briskly walking through without announcing himself. John scurried after him, closing the door behind him. He was concerned for Sherlock- he had barely looked at John the entire ride to Mycroft’s office, instead staring off into space and muttering under his breath. The consulting detective had been acting odd since he had met Emily. John was starting to get worried: what was wrong with Sherlock?
“You said You-Know-Who killed the Crabbes and Goyles. Why? They didn’t betrayed him in the second war,” Ron said.
The last thing he saw was the barman kneeling over him, smiling. “Don’t worry, Dean Winchester, the boss doesn’t want you dead just yet.”
But the image of Emily’s eyes, the hidden power that lay deep in their silver depths, still haunted the back of his mind. She was an alien, a concept completely beyond his comprehension. And yet, and
The blonde man nodded. “Yeah. Sorry, but you might have to come back later. Sherlock isn’t here right now and I don’t know when he’ll be back.”
“Good to see you again, kid,” Dean said, eyes on Thor, his words for Emily. “Nice to see you’re not dead.”
She slowly walked forward to stand right behind Cas, putting her lips close to his ear and whispering, “When you can, take Dean and Sam and hide. The Ministry shouldn’t bother with you, it’s me they want.
I think I mispelled like five different names so sorry. I keep posting after long periods of time but I promise I will try to get better at it! I will try posting something next week. Hope you enjoy it!
His phone beeped in his pocket and Sherlock quickly pulled it out. There was a text from a blocked number. It read:
"The pounding in my head just got to be too much, I guess. It's not as bad now but it's still there."
Arya started to head towards the door but Sam held her back. “Whoa, wait a minute. You can’t go out there by yourself. You don’t even know where they took her.”
As they headed out of the room to talk to Hermione, Harry wondered about this mysterious Emily Rose and what she meant for the Wizarding World. He hoped it was good.
Emily stood up swung her sword onto her back again, then silently crept out of the room and closed the door behind her, sneaking down the hallway.
A different grin spread across Tonks’ face. It was mischievous, and promised trouble to anyone around her. “Yes, but with the Minister of Magic with you…”
something in Midgard that stabilized her, even if she didn’t know what. Here it felt like she was floating aimlessly in a void, with nothing to tie her down.
As Mr. Weasley told them what had just occurred, the three pairs of eyes pinned on him grew wider and wider, until he feared they would pop right out onto the floor in front of him.
"Hogwarts has been closed for the time being. What with all the chaos, no one wants to send their children away right now," Hermione answered, leading her down another flight of stairs.
can use magic?” John scoffed, nodding his head at Emily. She suspected he still didn't know or believe that magic existed.
The board was set, the table laid. His newly created operation (started from scratch in the past few days), had been setting everything up nicely. He was waiting for just one more piece to add before he could start. Only one more move to make.
Not wanting to waste time arguing, Cas started to run, Dean right next to him. Ron and Hermione followed rather reluctantly.
He laughed. "Guilty-y-y." He followed her gaze to the fireworks and smiled. It was not a pleasant smile.
And before Eragon could so much as bow, the Queen swept away, leaving her two daughters to follow in her wake. Arya tried to catch his gaze as she left, but when she turned around, she found herself staring in the silver depths of Emily’s eyes. And she did not like what she saw.
“Our magic is different. A witch or a wizard is someone who is born with magic in their blood. They can perform magic through the use of a magical instrument, usually a wand. That is to say, they do not need to use supernatural beings or a certain language to access magic.”
Hermione raised an eyebrow at him and drew a newspaper clipping from her pocket. “You know that time we tried to find out the Half-Blood Prince’s name and I looked through all of those old
"Relax, relax, she's fine. We found her fighting some angels, so we took her back to the bunker. Sam is with her right now."
Robin stared at her incredulously. “You think learning how to raise yourself from the dead is the weirdest thing you’ve ever told me? Come on, Emily, you’re an elf! You were born in another
for Moriarty, he finds you wherever you like it or not. And god help you if he does. He is a spider in the center of a giant web that controls London and its inner workings. He is insane, unstoppable even by death it seems. Yet he has one of the most brilliant minds the world has ever seen. You don’t want to go looking for him, Miss Rose.”
Emily blinked at him. She didn’t see why they seemed to be so cautious of him. People’s fear of Voldemort and Lucifer seemed clear- they were powerful magical beings, but Moriarty was human. A very smart human who was a dangerous criminal, but
from the stairs drew the detective’s attention away from his thoughts. A moment later, John pushed open the door, his face pale and haggard.
Sherlock stared at him, trying to ignore the warm feeling that was spreading down his shoulder. “You heard what he said. If we don’t go along with his game, the bombings will continue! I thought
“So what are we going to do about Voldemort?” Harry interrupted before Draco could make some scathing remark.
Cas nodded his head slowly then took a cautious step toward Dean. Across the room, Arya’s eyes locked on Emily.
Something flashed in her mind, a blurry image of a figure on the ground, yelling in pain. Without thinking she ran toward the entrance to the building, her arm over her mouth.
“You work for the Ministry, don’t you, Potter?” she said. “I’m sure that they tell you the reason behind every order they give you. That you never question why you do what you do, because you’re
Cas turned to face her. The elf sat at the center table, all nerves and anger. Sam sat across from her. At the head of the table, far away from Cas, stood Dean, his eyes following the angel’s every step. Cas didn’t like it.
“Now when I open up the entrance to Hell, it will only stay open for a short amount of time. You must be quick if you don’t want to be trapped.” She caught the annoyed look on Castiel’s face and rolled her eyes. “It’s the only fast way to get there without catching
“Well,” the hunter said, leaning forward slightly. “I don’t like her. She’s so strange and alien that I can’t see her helping us out of the goodness of her heart. I know she says she’s your sister and all that but something’s missing from her story. I don’t trust her, is all.”
Emily ran a finger across the silver ring. It felt cool against her warm skin. The fire inside of her called out to it, and something in that ring called back. “Yes. They won’t be hard to destroy. Any crack or melt will release the magic inside of it. However, in order for the enchantment to be completely broken, the rings need to be connected again. If we try to destroy Robin’s ring on its own nothing will happen.”
“It was in the paper. The article said he was also a suspect, but that he may be dead? It was kind of confusing. Do you know who he is?” she asked.
"Harry! Ron! Wait!" cried a new voice as a young woman with bushy brown hair burst into the room. She wore a grey hoodie and jeans that paled against her warm brown skin. "Don't take her to the Ministry!"
The guards stopped and no one made a sound. "Oh, didn't you know? Emily Rose is back, and all of this is her fault," laughed Uriel, his blue eyes boring in Kingsley's brown ones.
“I do, because I myself have met the Devil a long time ago. But, Miss Rose, how did you know it was him?”
“I- well, yes, but this is going to sound preposterous,” Emily admitted, looking up at him. “He's the Devil.”
. Before she could fully process this, Emily ducked as the second and third people reached her and swung at her head. She dropped and rolled, coming up on one knee and stabbed upward, aiming true at one's knee. The same scream and blue-white light escaped him too; the same suddenly unconscious body falling to the earth. Emily stood up and blocked the next jab from the third man, then feinted right and stabbed him in the bicep. Emily heard something behind her and turned to see the fourth man lunging at her. She instinctively opened her mouth, and breathed a wreath of
As she left the table, she felt the gazes of both Arya and Dean on her, and the unspoken truths in each of them.
Emily sighed. “Yes. He didn’t seem to think I had anything to do with the bombings. He said he would help me find out who
“Our mother never told anyone who your father was, but that was no surprise. A bastard child was a big deal for your family. You see, our mother, Islanzadi, was the Queen of the Elves.”
Loki held up his hands in mock surrender. “Whoa, Whoa, no need to be so demanding, hunter. He’s not dead, I promise. I believe the last time you saw him was in… Hell.”
Harry and Ron decided to sleep in one of the Gryffindor dormitories, all of which were empty due to the school closing. Despite being extremely tired, Harry couldn’t go to sleep.
The odd party soon reached the end of the hall, which led into a circular room with three fancy office doors. The one in the center held a golden plaque that read
“You-you’re not mad I didn’t tell you about the enchantment on our rings? That I caused all of… this?”
As they reached the main doors down the hall, Loki grabbed Banner and pinned him to the wall. He quickly pressed the knife he had stolen from the kitchen against his throat.
“Good,” Castiel turned to Balthazar and held out a slip of paper. “I can’t help with Heaven right now, or explain about the dead. If you want some answers, could you try and find the people on this list and bring them to the bunker? I will try to explain everything then.”
Sherlock sighed, starting on a new box. “There is a huge possibility it is- that’s why I told Lestrade he should be named as a suspect. I don’t know how he survived on the roof but it is clear that if he is alive, he would do something like this. Maybe it’s part of another game, maybe he just wanted to cause chaos. I don’t
"So, it's true. You are alive," said the god, tilting his head, his hands on his hips. The magic that rolled off Loki still felt unnatural, one of the only things in the world that unnerved the criminal. But it was also intriguing; a source of power that could provide unlimited resources.
The brothers were quiet for a second. Then Dean, giving her an appraising glance, said, "Since you seem to be a great thinker, let me ask you this. Why do you think those angels attacked you?"
A very muscular, very tall man was angry at Sam for some reason, and in all his years as a hunter, Sam had never faced anyone like him. The man was scary.
Emily looked at the newspaper she had gotten from the woman earlier. She had been examining at it all morning, but still couldn't process what she was reading. Under the headline was a picture of a smoking building, all in ruins. She read the article again.
She sighed but did as he asked. As Emily threw her jacket next to her, Harry pointed at her arm and exclaimed, “Where did you get
Arya walked over and knelt next to Cas. She placed a warm hand on his head. A moment later, the pain vanished and he felt his eye unswell.
Dean raised an eyebrow. “Nothing’s wrong, Sam. I agree with the elf, that’s all. We shouldn’t wait around for other people to help us. I say the four of us go after those wizards right now.”
“Save your words for the Wizardgamont. You’ve been helping a known convict and have not seen fit to report your actions to the Ministry. No one knows what’s been going on, Potter, and this won’t help you one bit,” Zacharias sneered at them.
“We don’t know,” Hermione said. “On the same night she died, a nearby theater was bombed. The police were too busy with that to investigate one murder with almost no leads.”
about her room. There were no decorations, no books, not even a folded up piece of paper stuck behind the dresser. No clothes to speak of could be found. It was just
As the bodies were being continuously examined at the morgue, Sherlock and John explored the crime scene. The home of the now deceased family was old but quaint. Located on the outskirts of London, the small brick house was set in the middle of a neighborhood filled with copies of itself. The inside was just as ordinary. Blue pastel walls rose up above dainty wooden furniture and carefully placed decor. In short, there was nothing amiss inside or outside the house. No blood or other clues were to be found in the vicinity of their search.
Loki looked out of the window, his breath fogging up the glass. His shoulder was freezing cold from its contact with the window, but he stared out at the grounds anyways. His green and gold leather armor was splattered with mud and now melted frost from when Stark had knocked him to the ground.
Emily held out one hand and Firnen sniffed at it, then gave it a little lick with its forked tongue. A strange presence pressed against her mind, and suddenly there was someone there, when just a moment ago it had just been her.
"I don't know how it happened," Fred said in a quiet voice. "I just woke up on a hill about a mile from my house and behind me was a tombstone that had my name on it. I don't remember how I came back, but I do remember how I died, and everything before it."
"That's good to know," Sam says carefully. He's both encouraged and discouraged. It's a weird feeling. He shouldn't split hairs on a class that he's taking as an elective. It has no bearing on his major. He shouldn't be concerned about this in the slightest.
“Cas,” Dean says in that mildly chiding tone that draws his attention back immediately. “I want to try. Step it up some. If you want.”
“Jesus.” Dean sifts his hand through his hair. “Cas, man, you didn’t do something unforgivable. While you’re doing all that self-reflection you promised, maybe add your damn catastrophic thinking to the list.”
The guy really does look lost. His neat brown hair has been tousled quite a bit like he'd run his hands through it a dozen times in agitation. His rumpled suit and backwards tie. The stupid trench coat. It hasn't rained in two weeks, what the fuck is he wearing it for?
PhD. Like I don't have my own damn research to do. But Dr. Pellegrino is the top fish in this tiny ass pond, so he can have whoever he needs, damn the consequences." She rolls her eyes. "Just put your shit anywhere and find table space, if there is any. There's nowhere to be out of the way when Nick gets like this."
They are... myriad. His first instinct is to go with Dean's assessment. Mental illness isn't something to take lightly. And anyone with any illness should have their wishes respected on matters pertaining to it. That's something Castiel has always believed. Perhaps he is over-complicating the matter with this own wishes. Maybe Dean is absolutely correct about them.
At least it’s not a bitter pill to swallow. He’s over that part. He just has to get used to it. 36 years is a long time to go one way only to cut the wheel down a totally different road. He needs as much normalcy back as he can get. Hold onto the things that’ll stay the same to make the transition easier.
Dean finally starts to smile, too. “I know. He really mad-d-de an effort when I d-d-didn’t. He wanted you to stick around.”
The recognition is there in an instant. For what it's worth, Gabriel's expression doesn't change much. But his eyes soften in a way that makes Sam's belly squirm. "You've got fifty minutes. Don't leave me hanging," he says, not so much as flicking his eyes away. He's staring at Sam. Hard. "I'm looking forward to tearing your education apart. Good luck." He smirks. At Sam. He winks. At Sam.
“Totally fine,” she grins in her irritatingly supportive way. But at least they get through the stretches and exercises without much trouble. Lisa chats a little bit as usual, but seems to understand that Dean doesn’t want to talk much, so she doesn’t press for anything. That’s why he likes her. Today’s a day to focus on just getting through the workout. He’s glad to be moving his body; he’s never been lazy, but every movement is a freaking chore. He has to earn the smallest gesture, and it sucks worse than anything. He grits his teeth and powers through until the full brunt of the painkillers are behind him and it gets easier, thankfully.
Sam grins, breathing labored, laughing breathlessly. He lets Gabriel take most of his weight as they tumble towards the bed, on top of the comforter, messing it up.
Sam entwines their fingers, shuffling after Gabriel through the maze of narrow hallways to the exit into the staff parking lot. Once tucked into Gabriel's car, he texts his friends and Dean to let them all know where he'll be, that he will be out of contact until the morning, then shuts his phone off completely. It's one less thing to worry about, though the chances of anyone bothering him for the rest of the night are slim. If Dean
Castiel stands, taking the cue that their late night heart to heart has concluded. “I smell like a virile man, Sam. It’s too bad you don’t appreciate that.”
“Got it,” Dean assures him. “Thanks, guys. I’ll touch base when we land.” He hangs up and sees the email icon in the status bar. He opens the message and his heart lurches. “Shit,” he whispers. “
“I’m sorry,” Dr. Barnes says, and she really sounds like she means it. “If there was any other way, I’d tell you, I promise. If you need a second opinion, I’d be happy to bring in an orthopedic surgeon specialist.”
. “You’re more than I could have dreamed of, Dean Winchester. Please know that. You did so well. Everything I needed you to do.” Large hands adjust him until his back is pressed against Castiel’s chest. The hands stroke over his arm and chest. “You have such strength in you. You care so deeply. You want to make everyone happy. It’s a wonderful trait. But I also know that it wears on you. That’s why I’ll always have your back. I’ll always look out for you. Always.”
Who isn't there when he arrives. There's a cheerful girl behind the counter whose smile makes Dean vaguely nauseous. But he still approaches the counter slowly and forces himself to say, "hey, is Cas here?"
Dean's smile softens. He really had taken whatever  advice Jody had given him as gospel. "Yeah, it would."
this stupid purple dog shirt?" Right. Goodwill when he'd had to get rid of everything he'd owned thanks to that same unreasonably large growth spurt over the summer. He tosses it over his shoulder.
"I tell him and he calls me a freak, and never wants to see me again. I have to get coffee somewhere else and backslide like a motherfucker."
An expression that Dean can’t quite convince himself to read, flickers across Castiel’s face. “Indeed,” he says thoughtfully.
Dean clears his throat and crosses his arms over his chest. "Are you..." he clears his throat again against the embarrassing crack. "You're doing this on purpose?"
Eyebrows raised nearly to his hairline, Dean says, "that's a thing?" He shakes his head. "Of course it's a thing. Awesome. Okay, what can I do to help?"
None of them know how to react for a minute, considering everyone is ignoring Sam for once in favor of the average guy with the scars and the cane. Before they can get their acts together, there are a dozen cameras and small recording devices shoved into Dean’s face. And if he wasn’t so intent on keeping himself on his feet, he’d be throwing his fists at the mics with extreme prejudice.
"This goes beyond that," Gabriel assures him, giving Castiel pause at how inordinately worried he looks. He even takes the mug of cold tea out of Castiel's hands and spins right around to distractedly fix them both some more. "You still a teetotaler, or can one hope for some freaking booze around this dump? It's been that kind of day."
“That was a lot,” Castiel agrees, pressing in close and taking Dean’s hands in his, pleased when his husband doesn’t pull away. “Extremely unexpected. But we’ll figure it out.”
Her snarky expression actually eases into a genuine grin. “So I heard. Guess I should do my job and see
Castiel stands to welcome in convention security, hotel security from both the Marriott and Westin, as well as local Atlanta police who have contracted to work for them over the weekend. They shake hands and introduce themselves around before Dean takes the floor.
It's a huge understatement. Right now, Dean's appreciating Donna being so willing to gently pull his teeth. "Yeah. But Sam and I had a talk Sunday morning. We agreed to three hour text check ins for the time being. Is that too much?"
The only time that he doesn’t complain is during the overnight hours when the nurses have ceased their checks for the night, and the ward is quiet, and the lights are dim, and Castiel finally agrees to get into the bed with him to sleep. Gabriel had obviously pulled a lot of strings, because Dean is set up in a private room again, and even has a hospital bed that sleeps two, so Castiel doesn’t have to suffer on the couch.
Sam glances over his shoulder like he’s afraid of being overheard. He takes Dean by the elbow and scoots them into the never-used formal dining room. There’s only one entry, so no one can sneak up on them. Dean’s brow furrows as he watches Sam check the hall and then shut the door. This is more than just concern for Dean. His brother now has his full attention.
Castiel lazily rolls himself on top of Dean, humming low - the closest he can get to an actual purr - nuzzling over Dean’s beautifully freckled skin. Predictably, Dean’s morning cheer is heightened by the silly attention, chuckle rumbling in his chest hoarsely. He loops his arms loosely around Castiel’s shoulders just in case he decides to remember himself after all and decide against the nice wakeup call. But he doesn’t. Of course he doesn’t. Not this morning.
Meg rubs Dean’s shoulder. “Nice work. I’ll cut the long story short, okay? You’re in the hospital, severely injured from being hit by a car. Your hot little hubby and gargantuan - but still hot - famous brother have been here the whole time. You can’t talk because you’ve got a breathing tube in. It’s on free flow, so you can breathe normally. Don’t fight it. You with me so far?”
Despite the white hot surges of agony, Dean cases his surroundings. The place is just as big on the inside as it looked on the outside. It's clean, but sparse. There aren't any knickknacks laying around, and nothing to indicate multiple people. There aren't even any photos on the mantel. Just a demure nature painting here and there. The place feels cozy, but a bit impersonal.
“D-d-don’t b-b-blame yourself, dammit,” Dean grinds out. “It’s your b-b-birthday. This shit was just b-b-bad timing.”
Dean watches him without comment. He wanders aimlessly back into his room, scrubbing his hands over his face wearily. Somehow, he has to do better than this.
Dean clears his throat. "Honestly? Some ideas for how to not freak the hell out in the middle of it, and contingency plans if and when I do."
When Dean manages to open his eyes, he’s caught in a sea of sparkling blue. “You’ve learned an impressive amount of restraint,” Castiel murmurs, voice sleepy sandpaper.
it with you people and your violence towards me with croissants? What did they ever do to any of us besides good, buttery things?"
Thus, he takes his evening runs as late as possible;  tonight, after ten. It’s been dark for some time, temperatures have cooled, and there’s nary a sound from the house or even the street outside of Sam’s gated grounds. His mind is just as empty. It’s perfect.
Grinning, Sam says, “you can’t get ahead of yourself and rip off all the buttons. That tuxedo cost so much money.”
"No, she won't have changed," Loki shot back. "It's not in her nature." He hoped they couldn't see his hands shaking in his lap. The words hit closer to home than he would have liked.
"We are going to miss the fireworks unless you hurry up," she said, laughing and racing toward the palace until Emily could no longer see her raven-black hair spreading behind her.
When she reached the top of the landing she found Hermione waiting for her. Her bushy brown hair was the same shade as her sparkling mahogany eyes. The light shone on her ebony skin, causing her to almost glow. She wore a grey pant suit with sneakers, with a small beaded-bag tied to her hip. She gave Emily a warm smile. "I thought you'd never wake up. Come on, I'll give you a small tour of the castle since you don't remember it."
Sherlock stared from John to the man’s wand, his mind tearing itself in two. Every logical atom in his body was screaming at him that this was a trick, that this
They seemed to walk down forever, the darkness getting deeper and deeper. Hermione started to get chilly and wrapped her arms around herself as they walked. Ron, on the other hand, seemed to be sweating. He pushed his damp hair from his head and asked, “Why’s it so hot?”
Cas finished filling up the car and carefully replaced the nozzle where it belonged. He was just about to follow Dean when his phone began to ring.
A high pitched shriek mingled with an insane laugh caught Harry’s attention. He focused on the mighty fountain in the middle of the room where the sound had come from. There was a woman standing on the edge of the water, screaming and shooting spells at random. A woman with wild black hair, angry eyes, and tattered black clothes.
"We need to go to the Ministry. Now," Ron said, grabbing Harry's arm. "Don't assume anything until we know what's what."
Noises erupted all around the hall and people got up angrily, yelling threats into the air. Some ran forward to pull Eragon off of Harry, but ended up getting hit and joined in the fight. Arya punched anyone who neared her. The noise grew to an almost unbearable level in the hall.
“I do believe Emily’s story,” Sherlock finally said, his voice surprisingly soft. “There are many things we don’t know about her yet, but I find it hard to believe she is working for Moriarty. If he is truly back, which he apparently is, then he will try to destroy us, to trick us and tear us apart. The best thing we can do right now is to do what he says until we have a plan.”
"I'll explain later. Just... don't try to follow me," Cas warned him, his gravely voice low and urgent.
, can you believe? Just a bunch of brought back to life angels all mumbling and bumping into each other. I thought it best to try and fine you. Luckily I ran into charming Rowena and she brought me here.”
Cas looked down at the hand on his arm and nodded, swallowing hard. He started to follow Rowena to the warehouse, Hermione, Ron, and Eragon in suite. At the entrance, he turned and said, “I’m sorry, Balthazar. I’m sorry we couldn’t save you.”
“The only reason you’re here is to provide angelic backup,” Dean continued. “Why else would we keep you around? You don’t really think we
“What the bloody hell is going on?” she shouted over the noise. Her headache was getting worse and worse with each piercing sound and flash of light.
Islanzadi lifted one regal eyebrow in response, then turned her attention toward Ayra. “I presume you were not able to discover the source of this… occurrence, while in Midgard?”
“You’re back, along with some of the same company,” he finally said, pulling up a chair in the middle of the room and placing his long fingers under his chin, leaning forward slightly.
“He wants you, though,” Hermione said, looking up from her book. She saw the look on his face and added, “Castiel told us.”
But some things never change. Sometimes, adventures must be undergone even when one is unwilling. It was the way of the world.
Emily could remember the forests of Du Weldenvarden, the swaying trees of green and yellow, the winding chestnut trunks that gave way to the magic of the elves. She remembered her mother’s disappointed gaze as she stared at Emily from her throne. Emily didn't even know what she had done to disappoint her mother. That pinning gaze had been present ever since Emily was born.
There was a pause. “Miss Rose, did you perhaps, ah, have some sort of dream? A dream unlike the usual ones?” asked Professor Dumbledore.
Hello again! I got a message asking if they could do some art for this so I wanted to say that if you want to share any art for this series or if you just want to chat, my tumblr is @ofmanandmice.
on the side. Two men stepped out and talked to Emily, and after a short time they all boarded the plane and left. Right after the plane disappeared the camera cut out, then slowly fizzed back to life to show Moriarty in the center of a plain white room.
John looked all too happy to get out of the cold and disappeared inside the cottage. Sherlock approached the tree with slight apprehension. The willow seemed to watch him approach; not hostile, but wary. It was… creepy.
Emily opened her mouth to speak, but the words were stuck in her throat. She just stared hungrily at the crown, not able to hide how much she wanted it. Her memories.
Arya stepped back and held her left hand up, palm facing the burning building. There was a strange mark on it, like a swirled oval. She started to mutter something under her breath and the mark began to glow.
. This was something Cas had to do without his friends. Besides, they could get hurt. Ironic, yes, but Cas still didn't want to involve them.
The Elven Kingdom had been peaceful for seven years. Seven. Years. Ever since the war with Galbatorix ended, the elves had generally been at peace. Though the lose of their late queen, Islanzadi, had effected all in the great forest, life had moved on. It always did, except for Arya. She had taken up the mantel of queen when her mother died and had also become one of the new Dragon Riders. She kept herself busy so she could keep the grief away. It helped when Eragon would pop over once in while since he had found a way to visit Alagesia from wherever the hell he was now. It's good that magic can do things like that.
Arya was staring between her and their mother, a faint frown upon her lips. “Mother, she has a right to-”
Arya stared down at her hands, fingers trembling slightly. “You- I remember the day we found you in that alleyway. Mother told me there was something wrong, that you were in trouble, but I hadn’t expected to see you... to see… you looked so cold. There was a circle in the center of your star, and blood covered your face. There was nothing in your eyes. Nothing at all. And no spell of ours could bring you back. When we buried you I knew I would never see you again. I had failed you. I didn’t fight your leaving and then… that happened.”
Dean, in his new fashion of trying to get as far away from the angel as possible, settled in one of the chairs and crossed one leg over the over, closed his eyes, and didn’t move a muscle.
Thor sighed. “I already said I was sorry. If I had realized who you were, I wouldn’t have blamed you of working with Loki. I just saw you and your brother helping Emily and I jumped to conclusions. But when I found out you were a Winchester, I couldn’t let you leave.”
come back to life. It defied everything he based his life around: science, cold hard fact that can’t be duped. The mere suggestion that it was all a lie, that someone or something had the power to bring back the dead, or that any magic existed at all, tore at his very core. No, it couldn’t be real.
Harry shook his head. “No, something bigger. Technically he would have to murder hundreds of angels for this level of necromancy to occur, but according to Sam there aren’t enough of them left for that. No, we were thinking more along the lines of a god.”
That was one way to put it. Even though the dirt had been cleared away everything in the room still looked worn down and old. The blankets on the bed were hindered with holes, the wooden furniture unstable and peeling. The room felt odd.
Eragon was having a bit of trouble. Lucifer was blocking every jab, stroke, or stab he aimed. He almost seemed to be doing it with ease now. “Go!” the Dragon Rider shouted, pressing harder. “I’ll meet you back at the stairs!”
Firnen lifted his head and turned toward the forest, letting out a small sound. It sounded a bit like a chuckle, but Emily wasn’t sure. Turning, she saw Eragon approaching them. He was dressed in new finery as well, his brown hair neatly combed and face clean-shaven.
They made their way down the busy street, trying not to get lost in the sea of people. Arya was completely overwhelmed, staring at the nosy machines and towering buildings with wide eyes. Coming from a world where there was no electricity or any modern technology and being shoved into London without any warning was a huge shock. She was so lost that she tripped over someone’s leg and fell toward the ground.
“My daughters,” sang Queen Islanzadi’s voice, as sweet as nectar from a flower, but as strong as the rocks in Tronjheim. “You have returned to me. Welcome, Arya Drottningu, Eragon Shadeslayer, and Emily Rose.”
“I'm on a road trip, figured I could use a break,” Dean said, draining half the glass with one gulp. The barman refilled the glass and Dean drained it again.
, he did not know, but he was determined to find out. And how did the famous criminal of London, the man who
“I am Loki, the god of magic, my dear,” he told her. “And you are Emily’s sister? Hmmm… yes, you look rather like... her.”
"What do you mean you are not a man? You are here, so you must be a wizard, so therefore a man," said Kingsley.
He watched as three people stopped before the flaming building, arguing with each other. He recognized them as Emily and her two companions. Pushing pass the others, Emily ran into the building. Arya raised her hand as though to stop her, but Potter pushed it down and exchanged some words with her. A few minutes later, Emily emerged from the building with a boy in her arms, just like the woman had said, coughing violently.
Dean must have noticed his presence because without turning around he said, “Can I ask you something, Cas?”
They wandered a bit before finally finding the welcome center, where an elderly lady presided behind the front desk.
“I can look around, use some contacts, cash in some favours,” Sherlock interrupted. “I will find out who did this and keep you updated, as long as
As we know, every one is a clown after last Thursday. I actually had that last scene written long before the episode aired and personally, I think not being thrown into super mega hell is a better ending. Hope you enjoyed! As always, comments are much appreciated.
Hermione wondered who this “he” was. Both Balthazar and Rowena seemed to be afraid of him, and seem to expect they would meet him down in Hell.
John had run over to a woman leaning against a bench, coughing into a piece of green cloth. He was trying to get her to leave.
“Dumbledore knew who they were before I brought Sam to Hogwarts,” Harry said slowly. “What’s so special about them?”
Emily threw the doors open and stepped inside. The room immediately hushed and everyone turned to look at her.
him. That couldn't be good. They finally arrived back at the bunker where they had planned to meet Sam.
“Do you know anything about her? I mean, Arya did say they are sisters and all,” Hermione asked Eragon.
Emily glared at him from behind cold iron bars. The Ministry had placed them all in the holding cells next to the courtrooms; him and Ron in one, Emily in the other. Presumably to keep Ron from killing her, as he seemed now prepared to do.
“The Muggles also believe Miss Rose was part of the bombings, “Scrimgeour replied smoothly. “Perhaps they are in cahoots?”
Lucifer yelled, blasting Eragon back a few steps. He raised his hand, the gedwëy ignasia on his palm starting to glow.
Cas glanced at Dean, who seemed the most calm in the room. In fact, he didn’t look scared at all, but rather mildly intrigued, as though this were a play being acted out on stage.
Emily noticed that the sticks the men held looked a lot like the one that was in her pocket. She wondered if they were connected.
The last picture was not a photo but a drawing so detailed it could have passed as one. It was of two people, one of whom was Emily. She was not smiling, but looked rather peeved. To her right stood a young woman, and with a start Sherlock realized it was Arya. She had one hand on Emily’s shoulder, and he wondered vaguely if it was in comfort or to restrain her.
Arya frowned slightly at her words. Why they were focusing so much on who was helping or not helping Moriarty, she did not know. “I fail to see how any of this is relevant. What we should be figuring out is how to stop these people from harming my sister, and how to fix this ‘dead rising’ problem. Emily has already given us a solution, we just have to find it.” The looks the rest of the room gave her as she spoke were not comforting. “What?”
"You can breath fire, have a sword, and mysteriously woke up in a field with no memory TODAY," Sam said. "You really can't believe this?"
No one spoke for a long moment. "Excuse me," said Harry, stepping forward. "Did you just say you're an angel? Angels aren't real."
At the surprised looks on the faces before her Emily quickly amended herself. “Well, not personally. He sent a hitman to kill me. I only know it was him because right before I was shot he called me and, well, said he was going to kill me. Guess he succeeded.”
“Do you want something from me, Cas?” Dean asked smoothly, closing the book and finally looking up at him.
“For your sake, I do not know,” Islanzadi hissed, drawing herself up to her full height. She stood there, gazing down at her daughters, the very picture of majesty.
Emily looked down, frowning. On her left forearm was a dark black tattoo of a snake coming out of a skull. “I dunno. I didn’t notice it until now, and we all know I can’t remember how I got it.”
Ayra reached across the table and gripped her sister’s hands. “That is not true. I can protect you here. Here, I am a Dragon Rider, a princess, an elf. In Midgard, I am no more powerful than the Winchesters. Here you
Sherlock picked up a photograph set neatly next to the bedside table. It was the same girl from downstairs but this picture… no… was the photo
She lifted her head from the window, the side of her face raw from prolonged contact with the glass. It was turning light outside, the first rays of dawn piercing through the dark sky, chasing away the stars. Emily’s head poked through the window from the other side of the car, staring at Arya. She looked much different from the tiny child Arya had once consoled over a crushed flower.
Eragon moved himself into a sitting position, wincing slightly as Ron supported him. “What are you doing here?” he asked.
Arya and Eragon both had their swords as well as a small pack of supplies. Eragon didn't look much different from the last time Arya had seen him. His blond hair curled at the temple, his brown eyes full of warmth. He seemed more mature than when he had left. His journey, rough as it was, hadn't been able to take away the kindness that Arya had first experienced in Gilead all those years ago. He was a good friend, and could be something more, with time.
John was still waiting for an answer. “Sherlock? You want to get out of your mind palace and say something soon?”
Sherlock fixed his gaze on the burning building, thinking. “Yes, but not when it exploded by the sound of it. I’m guessing they heard the explosion and were close by, so-”
Hermione shot her an appraising look. "I don't know. You could have been in any of them, really. It can be hard to tell sometimes."
Emily knew she hadn't bombed Heron Tower. But from what the paper said, she had been found laughing in the center of the first bombing scene. Had she really done that all those years ago? Was she a killer? She didn't think so, didn't want to believe that she was capable of something like that. But the fact remained that she couldn't remember.
“She was killed in a recent war and I was left to take her place. However, the problems here have repeated themselves at home. Mother, along with many others, has risen from the dead. That is why I came back to Midgard. I was sent to see if what was happening at home was repeating itself here, and it seems so.”
Hey guys. Long time no see. I just wanted to thank you for all of your support. I know I don't post super often but I AM going to finish this. Let me know what you think of this!
Emily walked down the craggy stone streets of the city, a light breeze whistling through the flaps of her leather jacket. It was late evening, so the busy streets of London were crowed with late goers, tourists, and parties. The tall buildings that held numerous flats rose up from behind the traffic lines of cabs and buses, which filled the air along with the everyday clamor; the occasional siren faintly whining in the distance. London was truly a sight to behold.
she would read such a story, Robin would reply, “I like to see how the detective works it out. It’s not as exciting if I don’t get to see the detective’s thoughts!”
Sam and Harry appeared in front of a set of iron gates, the moon high above them. Sam blinked, startled.
The sound of police sirens reached their ears and Emily suddenly became aware that she, a prime suspect in the recent bombing, was standing right in front of a recently exploded building. She really wanted to know how Sam had come into contact with these people and what he had told them about her. Besides, she didn't have anything better to do.
Emily quickly pulled on her shoes and then grabbed her sword and raced toward the front room of the bunker. Memories or not she had to focus on the immediate threat and how to
It took them a bit to get there; everyone was panicking, causing horrendous traffic. When they finally arrived they were greeted with the smoking, fiery remains of a tall building. People were screaming, running away from the building, while others clutched their throats, the smoke causing an outbreak of coughing. Sherlock followed Lestrade and John, studying the smoke and flames.
“We wait.” Dean’s deep voice rang out from across the room. “We wait for help from the other wizards, the friends of Harry Potter. I bet they’ll know soon enough what happened. They can help us find Emily.”
Arthur Weasley had witnessed a great many strange things in his life. He had, after all, raised Fred and George. His youngest son had become friends with the famous Harry Potter, and oh the trouble that had brought. He had spent his whole life studying the life and inventions of Muggles, much to the disgust of his wizarding colleagues, and had discovered some truly remarkable things. For example, the use of electricity, which involved connecting wires to create an electrical current that powered so much of the Muggle world. Fascinating! Cars, buses, and aeroplanes? Remarkable! And don’t even get him started on rubber ducks.
The sound of footsteps brought all three of them to their feet, peering between the bars to see who was coming. From the small hallway that led to the courtroom, two people entered the cell room. It was Kingsley Shakelbolt and Arthur Weasley.
Something big was going down in the yard. Loki saw people arguing with each other, their hands waving about as though swatting flies. The new Avenger, a young boy with messy brown hair, was holding up a smart phone to Captain America, pointing at the tiny screen as he spoke. Whatever news the boy was showing him, Loki could tell it wasn't good.
were a we. Everyone who had been in this room, as well as Emily and Robin, were part of something bigger than any of them on their own. They were a team, in a way. They were all that stood between total chaos and the world as they knew it.
The first was short, with spiky brown hair, wearing a suit and sunglasses. On his wrists were two metal bands. The second was a tall blond man with icy blue eyes. He wore a green muscle shirt and a dark brown jacket. The first man pointed at Emily, commanding, “Don’t move!”
"My dear fellow, where have you been? No one uses animals for getting around anymore! They use brooms, and the Muggles use those fancy cars."
The audible intake of breath, so often found in drama plays and Hollywood films, filled the room as every Ministry member stared at her with pale faces and ruler straight backs.
Emily reached out a hand and summoned a tiny plume of flame. It illuminated the worried angles of Arya’s face, and the dark eyes of their mother. She felt strangely tired, as she had after the fight in the Winchester’s bunker.
“Fine. Sam, you go to the wizard school and see what you can find. Cas and I will take Emily and Arya with us,” Dean said.
Emily scowled and turned back toward the Queen’s chambers, ready to barge in and strangle her mother, but Arya pushed her against the wall and glared at her.
“It’s a team of, well, superheros. We save the world,” Steve informed them. “Tony and I are the founders. We try to keep up with worldly threats, which is why we were in London looking for you, Emily. A couple of others were searching in America. We wanted to find you after that bombing. We were told by a team member that you might not be fully human, so we had to make sure you weren’t a threat.”
John nodded, his gaze sweeping the room, resting on the closed window. “Do you think she really lived here all alone? What about her mother, or her sister?”
“When you can, take Dean and Sam and hide,” the girl whispered over his shoulder. “The Ministry shouldn’t bother with you, it’s me they want. You’re just Muggles to them if you keep your head down.”
“Arya,” Sherlock reminded him. “I think she might be Emily’s sister. Their faces… next to each other, they look a lot alike.”
Cas stopped next to him, staring at his friend’s face. It was bathed in soft moonlight, turning his eyes a weird grey color. He looked beautiful. Another pang of longing shot through his chest.
The first thing Emily noticed were all of the people sitting at the tables, their faces full of surprise and worry, like a crowd held at gunpoint.
Sherlock blinked and realized that John was right. How had he not realized that? How could he, who prized himself on his superior mind and deduction skills, forget a face so quickly?
“Yeah, we, uh, buried you with it,” Ron told him, putting down his cards and turning to look at Eragon, blinking fast. “Look, we know about as much as you. People who have died recently are now appearing again, exactly as they were before they died. They don’t have any scars, blemishes- nothing. Tonks and Lupin said the same thing as Fred.
“Oh, should we trust you like we trusted you when you said Voldemort was gone for good?” Malfoy shot back.
Balthazar smirked at him. “Nothing to apologize for, Cas. I’m sure you know what it’s like.” And, with a
“So this is where they are,” someone said softly behind her. Arya turned to see Hermione Granger standing in the doorway of the common room, her eyes on the two girls asleep on the couch.
As much as he loathed to admit it, Harry knew they were right. Pushing past the crowd, he followed Tonks, now returned to her usual form in the midst of all the chaos, toward one of the fireplaces. Behind him, Emily, Ron, and Mr. Weasley hurried after him.
Kingsley stood up. "Take this thing away and lock him in the most secure room we have until we figure out what to do."
“I don’t know, Robin. I don’t know how all of this is going to end. All I know is that when I’m with you, everything is more than okay. And that’s all I need to know, really. It’s all I’ve ever known since I’ve met you.”
