“Yeah,” John agreed, but made no move to draw further away, a swallow bobbing down his throat as he gazed down the row of streetlights. “Can’t avoid revising forever.”
“No, it-it’s not that,” John interjected, shaking his head. “I-I heard- You were saying…my name,” he murmured, and the bottom of Sherlock’s stomach fell clear through the earth to New Zealand. “I thought you were calling for me.”
“Okay,” Sherlock replied, voice slightly strained, but John couldn’t look at him to confirm the discomfort, and focused back on the pointless cleaning.
“Okay, okay!” he urged when Sherlock whined, pulling at him with his legs again, and then chuckled, shaking his head as he coated the exterior of the condom in what was left of the lubricant. “Anyone ever told you you need to work on your patience?”
“I don’t know what any of them are called,” he said, voice muddled with sleep, and Sherlock smiled, lifting his violin to his chin.
“Good work out there, Watson,” Coach Powles called, nodding over his clipboard as John walked past, wiping his forehead with a small, white towel.
“Why does everyone call him that!?” John cried, but Greg only stared down at him, eyes sparkling with mirth as his jaw hung open. John sighed, shaking his head as he gave his laces a final tug, tying them off and rising to standing. “You can’t mention the ballet thing,” he ordered, pointing between his two friends. “Neither of you, not at all.”
“Alright, alright, I’m sorry,” John chuckled, but it fizzled as he made an effort to be sincere. “Go ahead.”
“Miss what?” the customer said, and John started, snapping a look down to find the man had leaned forward, peering up from alongside John’s hip.
“You speak French?” Sherlock asked, thrusting his hands into his pockets obstinately as he followed.
The boy barely glanced over the top of his microscope. “Mr. Hooper refused to remove the fingernails for me.”
Sherlock neither stiffened nor pulled away as John’s hand ghosted against the wrinkled fabric of his shirt, fingers curling around the sharp blade of his shoulder as he grew more confident. Pressing the pads of his fingers into the taut skin over Sherlock’s collarbone, he ran his thumb in slow strokes at the crest of the man’s back, trying to read Sherlock’s mind through his skin, holding his breath and hoping he hadn’t taken one step too far, but Sherlock’s shoulder sank with slackening tension under his touch, foreign fingertips sliding hesitantly against his own.
John’s mouth popped open, eyes widening in sudden horror at the seatback in front of him. “I- Er-” He blinked, trying to swallow his panic, his fingers beginning to shake where they rested on his thigh, but then Mike was there, leaning in toward him.
John smiled back so warmly, Sherlock saw the stutter of his own heart play out across Alice’s still-four-years-older face. “You’re welcome,” he answered, nodding gently, and then turned back to the door, Sherlock and Lestrade reaching the exit of the observation room at the same moment.
“You told me he was dead,” Sherlock bit, glaring across at Mycroft’s eyes avoiding his. “You showed up at the crime scene and told me he was
Distracted as he was by the daunting prospect of explaining himself to his…whatever Sherlock wanted to be anymore, it was some time before he noticed the large suitcase just inside the door, the same one he’d brought with him when he’d first moved into Kingsley. It was stuffed full once again, and, as he pushed off the blankets, quietly crossing the room and unzipping the luggage, it proved to be filled with all the same things, the past eight months of his life packed in neat rows and lines before him. It was strange, seeing so much time folded up with his books and jumpers, and he wondered what the dorm must look like now, his side washed clean of his presence, as if he’d never been there at all. Which had, of course, been the idea, Mycroft having told him about Lestrade organizing a small group of people to remove all of John’s things that very first day, just in case Sherlock had to come back for any reason, and supposed that was thoughtful, in a way, but it was still an odd feeling, knowing he had been erased.
John was wavering, biting his lip with indecision. “But, still,” he began again, and Sherlock rolled his eyes, “it’s personal, and-”
“Where, then?” Molly asked as Sherlock picked up the page, stretching his fingers as he pushed it open to read the hastily scribbled words.
lying on the floor beneath his outstretched hand. That arm was most certainly dead, but Sherlock didn’t want to move it and risk waking him. Although, perhaps he should wake him, in case John wanted to get back to Langley before the day got away from them. How did one even go about waking someone up without being rude? And John could be having some sort of nightmare or something, so surely Sherlock shouldn’t touch him and risk falling victim to whatever monsters he was fending off in his dreams.
Sherlock managed a half-smile, fingers twisting together as he awkwardly folded his hands. “Price of popularity,” he muttered, a little sharper than he’d intended, but John didn’t appear to notice, huffing a laugh as he nodded.
When John’s breaths had lengthened and the muscle spasms in his limbs subsided, Sherlock felt safe to lift his chin, mind not quite settled enough for sleep, however much his aching eyes demanded it.
He’d been dreaming about sleeping in a proper bed for days, but, now that he was here, it eluded him, too many thoughts knitted together to form an impassable barrier between him and unconsciousness.
A loud giggle burst from his right, and Sherlock’s head snapped toward the sound, eyes wide with equal measures of alarm and disgust as they alighted on a young woman waiting for her drink at the other end of the counter, her flaming red hair twirling around a pale finger.
to go, you know I want to go,” he muttered, turning a hand up at her, and Molly nodded, “but… Well, what if he doesn’t want me there?”
“Belsize Park?” Molly echoed, frowning as she watched her friend frantically rummage through her purse, pulling out a handful of notes and tossing them onto the table. “That’s pretty far to go on your own.”
It was hard to tell in the weak light, and Sherlock was making it even more difficult by tugging at his collar, but John thought he saw a faint hint of pink creeping in those pale, angled cheeks. “Thank you,” he said softly.
Another short update, but tomorrow's is obnoxiously large, and this one has my ((favorite)) child in it, so, alas...
John laughed, swatting a hand at him as he ambled down the corridor and disappeared into the bathroom.
“Well,” John began, tilting his head as he twitched the textbook to better read the example, “for one thing, the system has to be closed. So, like, here, with the evaporation of water”—he tapped at a blue-hued box within the black text of the page—“that wouldn’t work, because it produces gases that escape, so the reverse reaction isn’t really possible.”
at least,” he advised, rising to his feet with popping knees. “You’ve done all you can for now, and Lestrade’s phone call will always wake you up when it comes in.” He walked to his bureau, opening the drawer of his uniform clothes before hesitating and turning back. “We can wear our normal clothes on the weekends, right?”
“I’m sure the inferences could be corrected, however. I would understand if you wish to spend less time together or change your living-”
“It’s alright,” John soothed, bedside manner firmly intact, but then Alice seemed to fold, her hands lifting to her face as she wept, and John, for the first time, looked uncomfortable, eyes reaching helplessly through the window to his audience. “I’ll, um, get you some tissues, okay?” he asked, flashing a pointed glance at the window, sending Lestrade diving to a cupboard across the room. “And then send the sergeant back in. If that’s alright?”
Sherlock blinked, incredulous, not entirely sure he wasn’t still lying unconscious on the sidewalk and trapped in a nightmare, and then his faculties fell back into place, the cold calm of righteous fury settling in his chest. “Yes, well, we can’t all be blessed with your naturally
with death qualified, so he was at a loss to explain the change in Sherlock. It wasn’t anything untoward or obvious, nothing that didn’t happen naturally with anyone you shared close quarters with. The problem was that—and, up until that point, John had never noticed—Sherlock had never before allowed those small moments to happen. He never brushed up against John in a doorway or grazed an arm over his when he reached across for his notes. Their fingers never fumbled over one another when they handed things this way or that between them. Sure, Sherlock deliberately touched him, stomping on his foot under the table when John teased him, tugging at his arm as he directed him around crime scenes, pushing him toward the locker room so they could get off the field that much faster, but the everyday nudges and bumps weren’t there. Or, rather, they hadn’t been. Now, it seemed John couldn’t so much as walk to his desk without touching Sherlock, a knee or an arm or a hip somehow just close enough to brush, and he wasdecidedly
, a desperate attempt to build up a tolerance, but none of it compared to the dark-haired man in the window, a specter that haunted John’s every waking moment. Even the unconscious ones weren’t safe from his grasp, lithe limbs and sweat-stained shirts clinging to smooth planes of muscle invading John’s mind while he slept, and he was practically shaking by the time he got into work Tuesday afternoons, two whole days far too long to go without a fix. Some days, he’d feel guilty, attempting to keep his eyes averted as he saw the silhouette dart through the corner of his eye while he worked, but it was always for naught, and he’d be back to gaping before the clock even hit 5, the man always practicing until at least 6:30.
Sherlock could tell which one fit the door, of course, but he wasn’t going to help her. He didn’t want her living here anyway. He was just going to let her stand there and try one after another after another after-
John was looking at him, perfectly casual, but then his lips slowly pursed together as he fought a smile, a battle he quickly lost. A few puffs of a chuckle hissed through his nose before his teeth flashed in the fading light as he laughed, his head turning away while he lifted a hand to his mouth. “Your
Interested in a new Sherlock/fandom convention in Minneapolis next summer? Mssmithlove and a glorious gang of geeks are working hard to bring one to life, so please take a hot two minutes to complete
John smiled, turning his knees toward her. “That’s a great idea,” he said, and she blinked up at him, her lips parting in surprise. “What would you study?”
Sherlock stared down at the mobile, tapping the edge of the plastic casing as he tried to think up something more to say, his worry that he’d somehow already been belligerent growing with every passing second of silence, but then the phone chimed again, his secret admirer apparently not quite bored of him yet.
“Yes, you do,” she had said, resting a hand on his shoulder as she knelt in front of him, “but you need friends your own age.”
“Coffee’s…fine,” he murmured, his voice failing as his breath was robbed by the sight in front of him.
He shrugged, hooking his thumbs into the belt loops of his jeans. “Nothing. Just telling me about my mum. She’s gonna go into a rehab come January.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Really, John, does Kendall honestly strike you as the type to break up with a girl in a text message? No, he’s far too sensitive for that. Try again.”
Sherlock looked genuinely confused for a moment, as if he thought John might be looking forward to an engaging conversation with the microscopes, and then flushed through a whole spectrum of reds, the entire reaction sweeping all the competition away for most adorable thing John had ever seen, and his previous girlfriend had had a fondness for YouTube cat videos. “I-I-” he started to stammer, but their attention was drawn away by a noise inside the flat, slaps of what sounded to be slippers along with a muffled voice.
“Used to?” he echoed in a shaky breath, and Sherlock’s heart stopped, his eyes widening at the tile as his lips popped apart. “You mean, when-when you were-”
“I thought you did that years ago?” She grinned, winking up at him, Sherlock’s face falling flat as the bartender appeared.
And yet, there was John, a little worn, perhaps, but otherwise unchanged, and wearing that same stupid jumper like it was supposed to mean something, like it could resurrect a version of themselves they no longer were, and, just like that, Sherlock hated him again. He hated the gold glinting in his hair where it caught the light, the thin spots on his cuffs where his nervous habit of hooking his thumbs was steadily eroding the fabric, the clouded blue of his tired eyes, rimmed with shadows Sherlock couldn’t help but worry about, which only prompted his hatred to turn toward a more familiar target—himself.
“Of course, I have toothpaste!” Sherlock whined, frustrated with the never-ending list. “You bought me three tubes yesterday!”
The pin dropped from John’s fingers, pinging across the marble countertop to slide into the sink, catching on the silver stopper.
John laughed, resting his phone on the grass in front of him. “Oh, ya know, sit around in my smoking jacket and ponder the meaning of life.”
A moment later, Mr. Robertson’s footfalls could be heard crossing back to the front of the room, Sherlock waiting for the squeak of a marker over the whiteboard before he straightened up, sliding onto his stool and flipping his notebook open on the table in one fluid motion.
“What do you wanna do?” John asked, tilting his head inquiringly, and Sherlock stilled, frozen in momentary panic.
Molly snickered behind him, and, though his cheeks reddened, he paid her no mind, leaning further forward and squinting as if that could make time move faster.
“Of course, of course,” Mrs. Hudson urged, wrapping a gentle arm around Sherlock’s back, the other hand swatting John back toward the door, which swept open and shut in a rush of cold air at his back. “Come along, dear,” she said, voice soft as she waddled them to the foot of the stairs. “Watch your step. Just take it one at a time.”
“Molly’s coming?” Greg asked, brightening as John nodded, and John had to quickly duck his head to avoid his chuckle being obvious as Greg nervously ran a hand through his hair.
Something bubbled in his chest, an overflowing heat of liquid light, and John lifted his right arm, pulling it over his body to brush a renegade, brown spiral from Sherlock’s forehead with his fingertips. The boy shifted into the touch, burrowing further into John’s arm, his leg tightening in its hold, and that was when John froze.
“The queen is having a final meeting with some of the vendors for the Christmas Eve ball, and there are a few questions that require your input. Or, rather, my input on your behalf,” he added, stating the obvious with a tip of his head.
“There’s plates and cutlery in the bags,” Irene said as she sank into John’s chair, crossing her legs with an exaggerated kick. “When you bump into the samosas, pass ‘em over.” She settled in, picking at her nails, evidently leaving it up to them to organize supper.
,” he clarified, but Sherlock only gave him a withering look, so he quickly moved on. “I told you what happened with that though. We were never
“Yeah, I always find my food’s better when I pick up a takeaway rather than having it delivered,” John said, and Sherlock laughed, John’s mouth straining at the corners as he grinned along. “But, yeah, I’d-I’d like to come along,” he continued, pulling the conversation back in line. “If- I mean, if you don’t mind.”
“I dunno,” John chuckled awkwardly, scratching at the back of his neck, “I guess… I keep thinking it’s a mistake.” He shrugged, twisting his hands together as his throat shifted with a swallow. “That they’ll send me another letter and take it all back.”
“I don’t know,” Sherlock admitted with a shrug. “He didn’t expound. He asked how long I’d known you, I told him, he made a ‘Hmm’ noise, and then said you seemed ‘reasonably competent’.”
“We tried that before, remember?” John answered, his breath smoking out as he turned, cheeks reddening more every second. “He forgot, and the entire team had to run back up to the school to get dressed.”
“Oh, really, John,” Sherlock sighed, rolling his eyes. “It’s hardly that dramatic. It’s not as if you were in mortal peril.”
“And you’ve been in at 2 every single one of them,” he replied with a mocking flick of his brows, chuckling as Sherlock rolled his eyes.
‘The two empty packages of biscuits in the bin beg to differ,’ he’d muttered, and that had been the end of it, the conversation devolving into bickering as they picked apart each other’s eating habits, but something about that day had stuck with Sherlock.
John flinched as Sherlock’s voice split over the final words, his own vision blurring. “Because you trusted me,” he answered, watching as Sherlock closed his eyes, a tremor running through his bottom lip, “and I let you down.”
Predictably, Sherlock was there when he arrived, lying flat on his bed and tossing a ball repeatedly into the air.
“You- What-” John murmured, blinking down at her, though she was nearly his height now. “Harry, why-”
“That boy,” Mrs. Hudson sighed with a roll of her eyes, but there was something fond about the gesture as she shook her head.
“Yes, but you didn’t know that, did you?” the black-suited figure snarled, voice erratic with rage. “I saw the tapes,” he continued, and Moran’s stomach plummeted through the floor. “That
“Here.” John was holding the tote out by the handles, half his mouth curled up. “There’s a few bags in there too,” he said as Sherlock took it, draping it atop his backpack strap, and it hit him all of a sudden, mind running through the lengthy list of things he would need.
They were silent for a time, John staring up at the ceiling while Sherlock breathed over his skin, and he was just about to check if the boy was asleep when Sherlock suddenly spoke.
The familiar footsteps came pounding down the corridor toward him, quick and obviously flustered, and Sherlock closed his eyes, preparing for the onslaught.
“Mhmm,” she hummed, taking a sip. “Could use a little sugar though.” She smiled, bobbing her head in invitation, and he sat down beside her, careful not to jostle her drink too much. “So,” she murmured around another slurp, “how’s the afterlife?”
Lestrade nodded. “Yeah, she’s a nurse at a hospice center. Same situation with her, nothing criminal in her past at all.”
Sherlock beamed, loosely bundling the fabric and tossing it at the blond, who caught it clumsily, one sleeve slapping him across the face. “She wanted us to wear them when we came down to open presents. I suspect photographs are inevitable.”
“Right,” John quavered, the springs squeaking as his weight lifted, sock-muffled footsteps retreating slowly to the door, “of course. I’ll, er... I’ll be next door, if-if you need me.”
“Well,” Sherlock murmured, shrugging a shoulder, “it will probably be another ten minutes or so, but-”
“You didn’t say yes,” John reminded, and Sherlock flushed even darker. “I told you my lease was up and I had to make a choice about next year, and you stared at me for two minutes and then went downstairs to check on the eyeballs you had in the microwave.”
With a sigh, Sherlock opened his eyes, squinting up at the sun through the branches to see how far it had moved. He’d never gone back to class, instead heading to the cemetery for, according to his probably accurate calculations, the past three hours, sitting at his mother’s grave for a time before moving back up to the tree on the hill. He visited his mother fairly often—or, at least, he used to—but he’d never sat beneath that tree since the day of her funeral, the memory too painful to revisit, but there were other memories here too, better memories, memories he really needed to be reminded of today.
The man was quiet a long time, Sherlock almost considering asking again until, very softly, he posed a question of his own. “Sherlock,” he began cautiously, Sherlock’s stomach instantly tightening in response, “why are you asking me this?”
He made a stop in the lab, grabbing a glass of water, and then pushed back into the dormitory, lowering to Sherlock’s side once again. “Here,” he said, beckoning Sherlock to sit up, and the man complied, albeit with rather more groaning than John thought necessary, “take this.” He popped out a couple of the gel capsules, holding them out in a palm, the water glass stretched out in the opposite hand.
have done it. Even with his knowledge of London, Sherlock couldn’t make it to his office in the time between the reported gunshot and the meeting, so there was no way Michael Parker could do it.
“Why do you care?” Sherlock had intended to shout, to accuse, to snarl and spit and breathe fire from his nostrils, but the question came out frail, his voice broken, and he didn’t even bother trying to piece it back together, just shaking his head and staring across at John with swimming eyes. “Why? It’s been two years, John.
John was looking around, awed by the gaping lobby of glass and metal, but Sherlock walked briskly forward, forcing him to tear his eyes away and keep up. He shifted uncomfortably between his feet in the lift, clearly feeling out of place, but Sherlock wasn’t concerned. John was probably smarter than most of the people in this building, he had no reason to feel intimidated, but Sherlock had no way of telling him that. Saying it was absolutely out of the question.
“Obviously,” Sherlock muttered, finger hovering over the inbox icon, uncertain if he wanted to give John the satisfaction of a reply after he himself had been ignored, but John would have heard the message tone, would know Sherlock was avoiding him.
Sherlock’s stomach rippled with repressed anxiety, and he swallowed, steadying his voice before replying. “As do I.”
“God, that sounds weird coming out of your mouth,” he said, shaking his head at his shoes. “So how does…
“We all wish we could be someone else sometimes,” he said softly, weak smile and downturned gaze flicking to Sherlock for a moment.
idea what I wanted to do with my life, he offered me a volunteer position heading up the Christmas fundraiser for the children’s charity he’d just started. So, I came to live here at the castle and”—she shrugged, folding her hands out at her shoulders—“never left.” She chuckled to herself, expression growing fond and distant as she picked up her spoon, pushing at a mushroom floating on the surface of her soup. “In the end, he wasn’t boring. Just…kind. And a little shy, it would turn out.” She laughed, shaking her head out at the room. “Not the most desirable quality in a royal. But I could do enough talking for the both of us—shocking, I’m sure,” she murmured to Sherlock, who laughed, totally at ease, feeling more like he was having Christmas dinner with friends than essentially at a job interview. “That’s what it’s about in the end, I suppose. Balancing one another out.”
When he caught sight of him across a few parked cars, he turned back to check John had noticed, and found the boy bundled up in one of the blankets again, looking every bit the disheveled victim.
“Hello again,” she greeted him happily, a bright smile spreading across her face. Really, she was quite pretty. Not his type, but pretty.
He could hear the liquid sliding between John’s fingers, never a pleasant sound, and then, very gently, John hooked a hand under one of his calves, lifting it atop his warm shoulder. “You okay?” he asked, running his fingers up and down Sherlock’s shin as he misinterpreted Sherlock’s shudder, but Sherlock managed to nod, a swallow bobbing down his throat.
her!?” he repeated, and John sighed, dropping his hands to his lap as he lifted his eyes to the ceiling, hopefully begging for mercy.
“Sherlock...” Mrs. Hudson breathed, her damp eyes darting between the two of them, equal parts horrorstruck and heartbroken. She then fixed Sherlock with a pleading look, her gaze shifting pointedly to where John was still staring at his socks, but Sherlock wasn’t quite ready to apologize, wasn’t sure he’d even know how, so, instead, he twisted back to the door before John could recover, throwing it open and flinging himself through. “Sherlock!” he heard Mrs. Hudson cry, the word almost lost in the door slamming behind him, and then he was gone, storming past Speedy’s with a flick of his collar.
The room fell silent, John’s footsteps stopping in the doorway as the soft clicks of his hand hesitating on the handle drifted through the blanket to Sherlock’s ear.
The resulting ruck was a mess, a pile of flailing and kicking bodies, and John was not surprised at all when the referee rushed forward, whistle blowing madly. Players haphazardly removed themselves from the pile, and, as grass began to show through, one of them was very clearly not getting up.
“I dunno,” he chirped, shrugging as he brushed past Sherlock, fishing the boy’s coat out of his wardrobe before handing it back, “but I’m sure I’ll think of something. On an entirely unrelated note, you wouldn’t happen to have any baby pictures lying around, would you?”
John chased after them, watching Taylor’s brunette head weaving through the bodies, approaching from Devon’s left.
“Goodnight, John,” Sherlock replied, and John was asleep scant seconds later, a smile stuck on his face.
Sherlock leaned forward, his hands returning to their steepled position as his face contorted into the familiar, searching expression.
!” Molly spluttered, dabbing her napkin at the corners of her eyes, her cheeks flushed with laughter as she leaned her head on Greg’s shaking shoulder.
John pulled his body away then, though he kept his lips latched to Sherlock’s, and twisted his fingers into the base of Sherlock’s emerald jumper, pulling up with inching movements that made Sherlock’s head spin. Where John had been quick about his own clothing, he was slow with Sherlock’s, removing the jumper and undershirt as two separate layers, and, at some point, John’s hand occasionally drifting down to his hip to guide him this way or that, they ended up in the doorway of John’s bedroom, John leaning him back against the doorjamb as he whipped his white shirt free from his face and arms.
They weren’t particularly close, but close enough, and John couldn’t help but wonder, couldn’t avoid considering it, and his eyes slipped to the bow-shaped lips for a fraction of a blink. When he looked back up, however, Sherlock’s eyes were wide, and it wasn’t the good kind, nothing expectant or surprised about it, only naked terror housed in the slate orbs.
“I never did understand that,” John mused, shaking his head as he rattled his arms down the sleeves of his jacket, his shoulder pain nearly negligible now. “How those people get all that way and no one ever told them they weren’t any good.”
, not so it could hold you back! You’ll never move on like this, trying to keep him alive. You have to accept-”
“I know,” he interrupted, swallowing down the acidic shame rising up his throat as he stood, draping his jacket over the back of Sherlock’s chair, hand lingering over the printed surname. “I know.”
They killed the time before the food showed up alternating between flicking through channels and looking out over the edge of the terrace to the massive crowds of people lining the bridges and boardwalks, and then Sherlock bolted downstairs to answer the door, John a bit too distracted by the fact that there was a doorbell to follow.
Mrs. Hudson smiled, nodding back, and then left with a click of the latch, leaving him alone with Sherlock, who was turned away to look back at the door.
Sherlock cast down a strangely earnest look, and John matched it, confused before it occurred to him that shopping being too strenuous for him might be precisely what Sherlock was worried about.
The implications were obvious, and Sherlock suddenly realized just how close they were, how intimate it was sitting on a rug in front of a fire, a warm haven away from the howling December wind outside. The stranger realization, however, was that he didn’t mind. And that John’s hair had at least three different shades of blond in it that he had never noticed before, that there was a slightly darker ring of brown-gold around the pupils of his eyes, and that his lips were chapped in the center. Of course, that realization required Sherlock be looking down at John’s lips, which was not a shift of perspective he remotely remembered making, but then the tip of John’s tongue licked out at his bottom lip, and Sherlock wasn’t thinking at all anymore.
His face pinched as he took in a shuddering breath, his hands lifting to rest limply on her arms, a weak return of the support.
In a tangle of limbs, Sherlock flew up, swatting at John’s head, but John caught the pillow midflight, tugging it out of Sherlock’s hands and sending him toppling down onto his back. The bed shifted beneath him, John’s knees falling to either side of one of his legs, and then the world went dark, John holding a pillow lightly over his face.
He padded into the living room, Irene already on the sofa, legs crossed in front of her, a steaming cup cradled in her lap. “Still hot?” he grumbled, and she smiled, lifting the drink to her lips.
John brushed at Sherlock’s jaw with the bridge of his nose as he moved his head back up. “It’s okay,” he whispered, sounding just as destroyed, and then dropped his chin, placing a suddenly tender kiss to the corner of Sherlock’s mouth. “It’s okay,” he repeated, words brushing against Sherlock’s bottom lip, and Sherlock broke, shattered, pieces of him flying out like shrapnel as he came.
“You said you fell down the stairs, Sherlock!” John railed, moving closer as he tried to shift into Sherlock’s eye line. “You said you didn’t wanna be friends!”
“I know you didn’t,” he said, a corner of his mouth lifting with reassurance. “Truth be told, I think I was more upset with myself for not figuring it out,” he added, a breathy chuckle tangling with the words. “I mean, for starters, you look about 12,” he quipped, grinning as John laughed, “and then there were the faces.”
of John’s swallow snapping through the silence, his eyes locked onto Sherlock’s back as the man’s shoulders stiffened.
it is. There is a post up there right now with the song and lyrics to "I'm Your Man", which is referenced in this chapter, and later today or tomorrow I will be putting up a Teenlock playlist inspired by this fic, so be on the lookout for that. I'll link it into the next chapter though, if you just wanna wait.
“Because, if I just hold it, you’ll hit me,” John quipped, flashing a grin down at the detective before returning to his task, tongue caught between his teeth in concentration.
“About what?” John asked, ignoring his outrage, and, if Sherlock wasn’t dedicated to his dramatic reveal, he’d go down there and give them both a healthy piece of his mind.
Sherlock hadn’t been back when John had gotten done with his post-practice shower, and he’d figured he might as well head down to the Yard, planning to physically drag the boy out of some dimly lit incident room if he had to, but Sherlock hadn’t been in any of the ones John had walked by, giving a friendly wave to the security guard as he entered, none of them even attempting to stop him anymore. Stranger still, Lestrade supposedly had the night off, but that wasn’t necessarily unprecedented, the sergeant often forgoing his free time to continue the chase, but John couldn’t find him either, and, ultimately, he was forced to resort to drastic measure.
boyfriend?” Anderson pressed, pointing across at Sherlock, whose lips twitched in a proud smile before he ducked his chin to hide it.
Sherlock laughed, shaking his head at the back of John’s as the blond stepped away, putting the phone to his ear and pacing just beyond the kitchen door as he relayed their order to the restaurant.
There was silence a moment, then a heavy sigh from Lestrade, followed by soft footsteps creeping toward Sherlock’s door.
The water gurgled from the kettle, steam wafting across his face as he leaned over the cup, watching the water slowly dyed brown as it climbed toward the rim. Returning to the living room, he clicked the cup down onto one of the coasters Mrs. Hudson had snuck in without their noticing, and returned to his book, making note of the time on the mantle clock.
John gaped at the doorway, shell-shocked, as if a tornado had just caught him up and flung him away, miles from anything familiar. He blinked, closing his mouth as he looked down at his black shoes, the scuffed leather grounding him somewhat against the alien landscape of the pale, grey-flecked tile. John had hardly even been in the room with Sherlock, at least not while he was awake, but it still somehow felt echoingly empty in his absence.
“It’s possible,” Sherlock said, shrugging as he pulled his hand back to his pocket. “Do you have any unsolved strangulations in the time between these two murders?”
Sherlock scoffed, turning toward the front and pressing his head back into the seat. “I assure you, if I am ever anything remotely resembling
John looked up at him, the agony in his eyes a breath-stealing stab to Sherlock’s heart. “Why not?” he breathed, shaking his head. “I-I mean, you must- You must
Siger Holmes was silent a long moment, Sherlock hardly daring to breathe as he waited for the fall of the axe. “Good,” his father finally replied, and Sherlock closed his eyes, blowing out a long breath of relief as footsteps retreated back into the study.
It was quiet behind him, but he could feel John grow nervous, the air seeming to thrum with his quickening heartbeat.
John stood silently in the doorway, knowing better by now than to interrupt in the middle of Sherlock’s observations.
Sherlock glanced down, noting a green and gold logo framed by the folds of his jacket. “Sherlock Holmes,” he replied, having no title to follow it, bobbing John’s hand once in the air before returning to the double grip on his cup.
They had gone over possible interview questions over the past couple hours—for the ninth time, Sherlock had pointed out—and the dilemma now was what he should wear, wanting to strike a balance between professional and personable. Or, at least, that’s what the articles he’d read suggested he do.
“Sherlock knows too,” she added, and John’s teeth clenched at the knife-twist in his stomach. “He just- He needs a bit of time,” she assured, turning her face to smile at him. “He’ll come around.”
“Fine, fine,” he muttered, dropping his forehead into his hand while the other waved at her in dismissal. “Take it out of my wallet. But I know how much is in there!” he called after her, straightening up as she moved toward the main door. “If you take any more than 400
“I didn’t,” John very obviously lied, and then dipped his head in acceptance when Sherlock shot up a withering look. “Okay, I kind of did, but”—he wrestled with something in his hands, and then one arm appeared to point a finger down at where Sherlock sat—“I had it planned ages ago, and, technically, Mycroft bought it.”
John had helped him run over his lines earlier, and Sherlock had noticed a few flaws in his reading, so he thought he would return the favor by helping John practice as well, and throw in a few pointers along the way. John didn’t seem to be appreciating his efforts, however, fidgeting more and more the longer they worked through the scene, and apparently now completely unable to look Sherlock in the eye. Perhaps he was getting tired, however, as there was a heated flush on his face that Sherlock presumed was attributed to the fire they were sitting in front of.
make a mean Dracula’s Kiss.” He winked, and John, after a moment of waiting to come out of a dream, laughed so hard something popped in his side.
“Alright, alright,” Lestrade interjected, pinching the bridge of his nose in tired frustration. “Anderson, just…give him what he needs.”
“Shut up,” John grumbled, rolling his eyes to the ceiling, and Mike laughed, moving ahead to push the door open for them, the car already waiting at the curb.
Something flashed in the man’s eyes, as if finally understanding his attempts at charm were going to go unheeded. “Yes, well, there are a lot of things Sherlock doesn’t
This time, the response was immediate, which only served to make John wonder why he was previously ignored.
“Mycroft’s here?” Sherlock interjected, and, more than anything, that information hit him like a train, shaking through his bones in waves of nausea, because Mycroft wouldn’t come unless- wouldn’t be taking him home unless-
“And you, dear,” Violet said, dipping her head as she released him, a thoughtful frown creasing her forehead. “Watson… Are you the one Sherlock’s been staying with?”
The blond wavered, shifting forward only to then rock back on his heels, and then moved decisively, standing directly in front of Sherlock before he could pull himself free from shock enough to move. “I know it’s farther away from school,” he rushed, the speech clearly rehearsed, “but there’s a bus stop just down the road, and I could probably drive you sometimes on my way to uni. And then you’ll be in uni the year after, so you’ll be closer then—assuming you stay in London, that is, which you always said you would, so-”
“And, besides, the party is a whole fortnight from now.” She shrugged a shoulder, as if that were the answer to all possible arguments. “Plenty of time to get over your
Sherlock’s lips upturned slightly as he dropped his head. “I don’t really think the French are Nazi-sympathizers,” he mumbled after a moment.
Sherlock chuckled, kicking a chair leg in invitation, and then went to fetch a cup from the cupboard, John waddling in behind him. “Just one,” he said, pouring the potent black brew into John’s blue Dalek mug. “Shouldn’t be too hard to track down, though. Had a big ‘Johnnie Walker’ on the side.”
“Great!” she chirped, unfolding her legs. “Well, I should go. I’m supposed to help Molly with her chemistry.”
“Great!” the blond said, and leather-soled footsteps started to retreat toward the door. “Your number still the same?”
“Well, yeah, you are,” John chuckled, hastily continuing as Sherlock’s eyes flashed, “but you’re also kind of…brilliant, in a way.”
“Can we just drop it?” he muttered, and John slowly closed his mouth. “I really don’t care if you make new friends. I-I’ll probably find my own too,” he shrugged, plucking at a few clinging balls of lint on his emerald jumper. “It’s just what happens.”
“The sauce is quite nice, isn’t it?” she murmured, lifting a flake of fish up onto her fork, and everyone rushed to agree, the conversation carried away on a river of compliments as Sherlock lifted his wine to his lips, pointedly avoiding the sharpened steel glinting in Prince John’s eyes.
John, in response, shifted closer, crowding Sherlock back against the counter, their chests brushing with tandem stolen breaths as John grate his fingers back across Sherlock’s skull, the curls soft and his nails rough, and a stifled whimper vibrated through Sherlock’s mouth, making John’s head spin. Needing more hands, he reluctantly released his grip on Sherlock’s fingers, lifting instead to the man’s waist, pulling him in to press their torsos together.
“Oh, the look on Anderson’s FACE!” he shouted, punctuating it with a clap of his hands before reaching in and shaking his coat off a hanger. He slipped it on as he spun, the fabric flaring out in a fluid arch around his legs, and tugged up sharply on his collar before disappearing out the door in a bounce of brown curls.
!” He chucked the remaining bread into the water in one lash of his arm, his hands shaking at his sides as he watched the swans tear into the meal. “You were
John shook his head. “Tomorrow,” he said, smiling when Sherlock’s eyes narrow skeptically. “You’re gonna crash any minute, now that that’s out of- Sorry, sorry!” he soothed as Sherlock whined at the memory, and then chuckled, shaking his head as he dropped both hands in front of Sherlock’s face. “Come on.” He curled his fingers in beckoning, bobbing his head at the wall. “Your bed’s got to be at least a little more comfortable than the bathroom floor.”
John parried it away, sweeping to the side in an attempt to flank, but Émile blocked him at the last second, twisting on the ball of his foot and batting the foil away.
“Well, it won’t be,” Sherlock asserted, rising to standing, the empty blanket pooling on his abandoned seat. “Some things are best left to the experts.”
“Yes, the notes were sweet, and, yes, they’re probably not from an axe murderer, but you have been pining over Captain Dewey Decimal for
He frowned down at the words, their simplicity tending toward awkward in his mind, so he added a topic change.
like something special, something he ought to appreciate being able to be the other half of. He liked to think he wasn’t bad at it either, learning along the way as he had, but there were some things he just hadn’t mastered yet, some things he wasn’t sure he could ever make John feel the way he did.
“How ‘bout you?” Irene asked, turning to him, and Sherlock frowned up at the ceiling, biting the corner of his lip.
“I suppose you’ll wanna stay here,” he snapped, snatching up his coat off the back of his desk chair, gathering up the hat and gloves from the surface, “and I wouldn’t want to inconvenience you any further. If you could still call one of your cabs, though, that’d be good. Ya know, if it’s not too much of a
Sherlock responded to John’s suffering with a brilliant grin across the meters between them, and, as the corners of his own mouth lifted in response, John felt it.
“You’re invited!” John announced, voice lifting to convey the printed exclamation point. “Mr. Siger and Mrs. Violet Holmes request the honor of your presence at their 23rd Annual—Jesus, that’s a long time!—Christmas Charity Ball at 6pm on the evening of December 24th. A variety of seasonal cocktails and hors d'oeuvres will be served throughout the evening, as well as a five-course dinner—Is one of those cheese? I’ve always wondered—beginning at 7pm. Following dinner will be the much-anticipated charity auction, all proceeds of which will go to Save the Children to help in their humanitarian efforts to improve the lives of children around the world. Live music will be played throughout the event, with a dance floor opening later in the night. A formal dress code will be strictly enforced. Please RSVP at your earliest convenience with the card provided.”
It's been a hell of a week folks, but I do hope this ~8k first date lifts your spirits! AND, with this chapter, I officially pass ONE MILLION WORDS posted here on ao3!!!! It may be silly, but I'm very proud, and thanks to all of you who have been along for the ride, in however big or small a way.
“He said he was going to have to stop using the painters as a cover soon anyway—the neighbors are complaining, I guess,” he muttered, shrugging a shoulder as he resealed the package of gauze with trembling fingers, “so it wouldn’t be too much trouble to- to sneak me out with the gear.”
“Okay, I trust you,” he said, the words carried out on a wobbly breath as Sherlock shook him again. He lifted his head to meet Sherlock’s eyes, which were wide and frantic as he searched John’s face. “I trust you,” he repeated, this time with hushed conviction, and gave Sherlock a slow, firm nod.
He had always tolerated Molly, liked her even, but this Molly, a Molly who wasn’t stammering all over herself every time he entered the room…well, he might be able to have coffee with her, however incorrect her logic for snuffing out her proverbial torch was. And it was incorrect. It was. Decidedly so. He was just allowing her to believe that because it was more convenient. Obviously.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at her, the woman smiling with venomous innocence, and then huffed, swinging the door open and clicking his coffee down on the vanity. “Fine,” he grumbled, pulling John’s sweatshirt over his head and hanging it on the back of the door, Irene somehow managing to skip through the narrow passage to the toilet, folding her ankles up onto the lid, “but, if you pull that flush again, I’m dragging you and your cashmere in here with me.”
“-I thought something other than the usual scarf delivery from my mother might be- Why are you looking at me like that?” John frowned, tilting his head and he scanned between Sherlock’s eyes, and, if even half the ache in Sherlock’s chest showed in his expression, the concern on John’s face was well-founded.
Could he check? He didn’t want to overstep, to push where Sherlock didn’t want to give, but they’d made a little bit of progress, hadn’t they? Enough for him to peek his head in?
“Oh, and take this one with you,” she called, bobbing her head at John when Sherlock turned around. “He’s making a mess of my cutlery arrangement.”
Sherlock sighed, but lifted his hand, fingers covering John’s for a moment as they replaced them, and he cleared his throat against the lump that appeared at the contact. “What precisely is this
“Careful, Sherlock,” John chided, eyes glittering over a smirk as he halfway shut the door between them, “or I’ll make you run laps.” He winked, Sherlock losing his grip on his coat an entirely unrelated occurrence, and then closed the door, his laughter drifting back across the corridor.
John was bright red at his side, deprived of oxygen from laughing for so long, but it was Mrs. Watson’s snicker that drew everyone’s attention, the entire table turning to find the woman covering her mouth with a napkin.
“Me neither,” she said, laying the menu back down on the table, twisting in her chair as she looked around. “Where’s Daniel got to?”
John’s eyes blinked to the ground, his fingers fidgeting at the cuff of his royal blue jumper. “I’m sorry, I-I didn’t mean-”
“We?” Sherlock inquired, flipping his scarf around his neck as he followed John out into the corridor. “I was with you?”
Sherlock shrugged, nerves reigniting his nausea as his head began to spin. “I don’t know. You two seemed...friendly.”
John smiled at him, catching the piñata as it came barreling back toward his head, and then slowly releasing it to dangle in the center. “People generally take turns hitting it,” he explained, gesturing between them. “You take a swing, then I take a swing, then you take a swing-”
John jerked a thumb to his left, indicating Sherlock, and Devon’s eyes passed between them with that same, curious expression. This time, however, John noticed. “You two gonna flip for the bed?”
“As if you’ve got any room to talk,” she snapped, bobbing her head at the room over their shoulders, and they turned, realizing with identical wide-eyed looks of horror that their combined bed was in plain view. “So,” Harry quipped, lifting a smug brow as she folded her arms, “which one of you sleeps in the wet spot?”
“Yea, well,” John chuckled uncomfortably, reaching into his pocket for his phone, “guess you never can tell about people.”
!” He collapsed into laughter again, bowing in two as he clutched his arms to his stomach, and the bat swung limply down to Sherlock’s side, arms numbed with shock.
“Don’t suppose she’ll make us a cuppa too, do you?” John asked, turning to Sherlock, who chuckled, shaking his head.
“But I’d be happy to check for you,” Sherlock said from where he leaned against the doorframe, ankles crossed, a thin black binder dangling from his hand by the spine. He smirked, tipping his head, burnished curls shifting with the movement. “That is, if you don’t mind a little help.”
“Oh, hi!” a voice said from behind him, and he turned to find John emerging from the storage room, box of dark roast beans cradled in his arms. “You’re a little late, aren’t you? Usually you’re in around 2 if you come in during the day.”
“It’s fine,” Sherlock assured, shaking his head, but John remained unconvinced, expression pained as he fidgeted over the wrapping paper.
“Here,” the woman replied, smiling politely at him as she shifted her fork slightly to the side, giving him an additional centimeter of space in which to place her meal.
“Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock interjected, foiling John’s plan, “perhaps we can postpone this conversation for a more convenient time?”
For whatever reason, however, John also appeared embarrassed, blinking as Sherlock’s eyes met his, and his lips snapped shut, a festive hue darkening the apples of his cheeks. His eyes—sharp cerulean at the moment as the overhead lights caught on them—dropped down to the carpet a moment as he twisted his leg, grinding the toe of his trainer into the carpet before lifting his chin again, a tentative smile twitching at the corners of his lips.
John stilled, a wrinkle forming between his brows, and then burst into laughter, shaking his head as he rested his forehead against Sherlock’s. “Oh, you do, do you?” he teased, chuckling when Sherlock nodded, and then tipped his chin, brushing his lips against Sherlock’s in a brief affirming press. “Well, good,” he continued, beginning to pull away. “Because I’m freezing,” he added, and Sherlock laughed. “Seriously, I’m going to have to start picking which toes I love most, because there’s no way I can keep them all.”
“Not yet,” he said, “but you were sleeping for most of it.” He grinned up at Sherlock’s scowl as he bent in front of the suitcase, grabbing hold of one of the handles and shifting it closer to Sherlock’s chair. “Actually,” he continued, waving a hand between the luggage and the box, “that’s all your stuff.”
. I don’t care if you have to spend 200 pounds on Ralph-bloody-Lauren ones, you should own a pair of jeans.”
It looked the same as it had when he’d left, the beds thankfully separated—something they usually did when leaving the dorm in the morning, just in case the cleaning service decided to drop in unannounced—so John began his search in the obvious places, checking under the beds and within the linens before moving onto drawers.
“No, look, see?” he said, gesturing down to a small clear window at the base of the ball, a triangular die slowly rising up through the blue liquid to reveal white letters proclaiming, ‘Don’t count on it’. “You hold it facedown, ask it a question, and then turn it over to get your answer.”
Devon raised his eyebrows, and Sherlock barely avoided doing the same as they both looked to John. “There’s only one bed?” Devon asked, and it was only then Sherlock noticed he was still carrying his bag, obviously having not gone up to the room yet.
“I-I was going to,” Anderson stammered, holding his hands in front of him as he leaned away, “but, when I told her we had to talk, she assumed it was about marriage-”
Sherlock nodded, turning back to the approaching crowd closing in like an oncoming storm. “Lucky I’m not staying today,” he muttered, meeting John’s eyes as he turned back, the blue blinking at him as the blond frowned.
“Thank you, Mrs. Hudson,” he said, and the woman nodded, giving his shoulder two gentle taps before withdrawing her arm.
Sherlock followed their progress, watching as they bent to scratch a small terrier behind the ears, and then glanced back at the man, embarrassed to find him already looking. Before he could play it off as a fluke of his roaming gaze, the blond smiled, lifting a brow and waving a hand at the metal container in question, and Sherlock sighed, trapped in the polite obligation that always followed making eye contact with anyone selling something or holding a clipboard.
“When it suits me,” Mrs. Hudson chirped, turning away and moving back toward the corridor. “Sherlock, can you get the broom out of the cupboard? Best to sweep up the worst of it.”
He shook his head, smiling in spite of himself. “It’s a game,” he said, watching as Lestrade attempted to talk Sally down from wrenching Anderson’s tiepin (evidently a clandestine gift for his birthday) off him.
choice,” he clipped, surprising even himself with how clearly the intended insult came across, his two targets cringing in tandem. “And, you know, in a way,” he continued, flicking his hand in a sharp slice through the air, “it’s probably helped. Now, if I ever do have to pretend Lestrade or Mrs. Hudson have been splattered all over the walls somewhere, I know exactly how I’d react.” He smiled, blood vibrating with rage as he shifted his eyes over the two men still pointedly watching the floor. “Valuable learning experience for everyone,” he finished curtly, narrowing his eyes one last time between them, and then turned, striding quickly to his door and flinging it open.
It was an anticlimactic start to say the least, a large man at the door stopping him with a hand levelled at his chest. “ID,” he said blandly, and Sherlock turned up to him, mouth opening in affront.
“Sure it wasn’t just wine?” Mike teased, earning a dough ball to the head that he promptly ate. “I’m just sayin’, it always puts me right to sleep.”
Sherlock watched him a moment, eyes narrowing as they scanned John’s face, but they quickly relaxed, and a small smile hooked weakly at the corner of his lips.
“No,” the voice admitted, the footfalls halting what he would guess was about a meter away, “but they’re pretty sure.”
“I’m not too hungry, really,” Harry said, moving across to stand beside Clara, their arms just barely brushing. “Clara’s mum gave us some stuff for the train.”
He hadn’t thought it could get much worse than last year, giant cartoon animals holding anatomically incorrect hearts as they beamed down at you from every imaginable surface, but, somehow, they had managed to sink even lower, as well as apparently discovering the merits of glitter, and now the walls and lockers were plastered with enormous cutouts of cupids and hearts, banners of sparkling letters proclaiming “Happy Valentine’s Day!” stretched across the wall every few meters, as if you might forget between the toilet and your locker.
“No,” Sherlock answered, voice just above a whisper, and John turned back to find he had somehow soundlessly shifted, his legs now hanging off the edge of the mattress as he leaned forward, braced on his knees. “It’s not stupid at all.”
“20 to 25 minutes,” John announced as he placed his mobile on the table beside his armchair, and then moved back into the kitchen, Sherlock shifting out of the way as the man swept the menus back into their drawer. “You wanna help me put the sheets on the bed?” he asked, pointing a thumb over his shoulder at the wall the bedroom lay beyond. “I washed them after my sister stayed last month, but that’s as far as I got.”
Molly? No, she was incapable of subterfuge, and, besides, she hadn’t hinted at anything for months, not since the rugby game she’d dragged him to that he’d actually watched, a hint he hadn’t even intended to give.
“Just what?” Sherlock prompted, and John shrugged, shaking his head as he looked down at his twisting fingers.
“Because he’s my friend,” Sherlock argued weakly, and his father huffed in dismissal, returning to his search. “Dad, no!” he pleaded, reaching out to shove at the loose pages, trying to close them back inside the drawer. “Stop! It’s not his fault!” he cried helplessly, because John hadn’t done anything wrong, hadn’t done anything at all but stumble unwittingly into the grave misfortune of having Sherlock Holmes for a friend, and now Sherlock was going to ruin everything, was going to brand him with a mark he would never be able to hide, doom him to the life of lies and jeers and violence they’d both seen all too clearly when Harry and Clara couldn’t hide it any longer, and John deserved so much better than that, deserved to be a doctor or a lawyer or a goddamn saint if he wanted. “Dad, please!” Sherlock begged, eyes starting to sting as he grappled futilely with his father’s hands. “Please! He didn’t do anything!”
His mother’s reply was muffled by distance, but he let several seconds of silence play out before flipping the lightswitch on the wall, blinking as John hissed.
“Yes. Seems unnecessarily complicated, but…” He trailed off with a shrug, and John laughed, picking up the half-filled bag as they returned to their task.
The man glanced up through his lashes, scanning him. “Heavy metal?” he teased, and Sherlock smiled, drawing a subtle breath through his nose to steady himself.
Devon tossed him the ball, and Taylor took off, scrambling through defending players as he ran for the goal line. He glanced behind him, a smug smirk on his face, and the momentary slip in concentration made him oblivious to the defender that swooped atop him, crushing him to the ground in one of the most spectacular tackles John had ever seen.
“That’s more than enough,” he replied, brain already spiraling through the five possibilities left to eliminate who he could. “Thank you,” he said, mechanically, turning to the door. He paused, however, hand outstretched to the handle. “Why are you telling me all this?” he asked, because he had the information now, he might as well satisfy his curiosity.
“-but…well, I- It matters. What-What you think,” she murmured, curling a shoulder up as she peered out through her lashes, and John’s posture slumped with shock, his steps slowly.
Sherlock chuckled, shaking his head down at the spectacle. It was a closed session, technically, but it seemed one could walk in just about anywhere on the heels of a prince, though they did have to stop at a security desk briefly for Sherlock to pick up a badge from an elderly man John greeted by name—Ali. A few heads had turned to him as he made his way to a central spot on the balcony, and then more as those few alerted their fellows, their faces distant but the confusion clear, and he’d heard John mutter what he assumed was an explanation and a lie, catching only the words “Mike” and “assistant”. Whatever John had said, it was boring enough not to be questioned, and business as usual had commenced, Sherlock tuning in and out as they prattled on about budgets and elections and infrastructure and similar words that made him yawn.
like repeating himself. Or perhaps he just found thick, London accents offensive. Sherlock barked an address at him, somewhere John didn’t recognize, and the car lurched forward.
Mrs. Hudson smiled gently at him, dropping her face as she slowly made her way round to his side. “How are you feeling?” she asked, the safer question.
“I hope so,” he replied. “I mean, I think we’re good enough to make it, but it all comes down to the day, really.”
His elbows gave out in a rush of weakness, and he toppled sideways with a small yelp, scrabbling at the blankets and only succeeding in pulling them down onto the floor with him as he landed in a heap. He groaned, head throbbing even though he hadn’t hit it, and there was the sound of footsteps and a small click behind him before he heard a familiar low chuckle.
Sherlock sighed, letting his eyes flutter shut as his breath left him. He probably had half an hour before John returned, knowing his propensity to find someone to talk to. Half an hour and then he would call Lestrade, demand an update. Just half an hour to refresh his mind, that was all he needed. He felt the tension leaving his muscles, trains of thought drifting off the tracks, swept away by the pulling waves of exhaustion, and if the imagined sea was the color of John’s eyes, Sherlock didn’t dwell on it.
“Ya think we can get on?” John asked, sliding his hands into the pockets of his jacket, his shoulders hunched to the cold.
John laughed, moving past Sherlock to check the section by the toilets, and Sherlock wandered after him, frowning in confusion at the back of his head. “Well, everything looks alright,” he announced after a moment, swatting his hands together. He then turned to Sherlock, a suspiciously bright smile on his face. “Wanna help me set up the cones for the drills?” he asked, and Sherlock rolled his eyes, groaning.
“When Alice signs into her email account, even though John is going to be a gentleman and move to the opposite side of the screen as she types her password”—he waved a hand at the window, where John was stepping back and turning his face to the ceiling—“it will be sent to my phone. That way, anything she doesn’t tell us, we can access, as well as whatever other information is stored in her email account—passwords to other sites, confirmations for hotels, plane tickets, anything like that.”
“Ryan Dimmock,” John confirmed with a nod. “He’s one of the newer PCs. Nice guy. Killer rugby player, if the write-ups in his uni’s paper mean anything.”
Sherlock listened to his retreating footsteps until the blood pounding in his ears overtook the sound. He blinked, and then had to do so several more times, eyes nearly weeping from how long he had stared at the closed door. He went over the conversation again and again, trying to force it to make sense.
John shook his head, smiling at Sherlock like he wasn’t sure if he wanted to hug him or strangle him. Finally, he shrugged, beginning to amble away across the terrace. “Alright,” he said, as if to himself, and watched out over the water as he edged along the perimeter.
“Will not,” Sherlock mumbled, but obliged, John chuckling as he slipped a pillow under Sherlock’s head, but Sherlock ignored it, exhaustion emboldening him as he shuffled across the mattress to press his ear over John’s bare shoulder.
“Any requests?” he croaked, jokes solid enough ground to walk on, removing his bow and turning to see John shake his head.
to be touching him, the heat radiating off John’s torso to just graze the surface of Sherlock’s slender one. Still, not touching is only fun for so long, and, as John dropped a particularly rough bite to the corner of his lower lip, Sherlock couldn’t help but gasp, hips lifting as his neck bent back.
“I- Technically, I’m not supposed to know about it,” he muttered, glancing at the men through his lashes. “He hasn’t mentioned it yet.”
“Where’s the fun in that?” Lestrade quipped, turning with a smile as they passed into the foyer. “I’m hoping to get a mugshot for my wall.”
He delivered his mother’s message to a woman who looked like she’d been a Russian prison guard in a past life, a quick jerk of her hand sending him on his way and her staff into an organized frenzy, and then darted between shadows in the corridor, making his way to the library for a moment’s respite from the bright lights and dim small talk.
“Sherlock,” she interjected, soft but imploring, “let me buy you coffee.” She flushed slightly, embarrassed by the bold statement, but the smile was warm and playful. And decidedly platonic. She was wrong, of course. Her conclusions were entirely erroneous, based upon a flawed interpretation of the given facts, but, if it helped her stop being so insufferable in her attentions…
Greg sighed, dropping his head as he ground his fingers into his forehead. Muttering to himself, he turned around and headed back into the office, passing John where he stood frozen and dumbfounded in the foyer.
“It’s very impressive,” he said, noting a right turn at the inexplicable horse head sculpture. “I imagine Molly may reconsider her decision to stay in town when she arrives. Molly is my assistant,” he added, realizing not everyone carried about dossiers on strangers, but Ben’s lazy nod suggested he had known that fact at least.
!” Sherlock urged, waving a hand out at the spectacle. “All the flowers and proposals! And what is going on with that piano, honestly? Unless someone’s going to put on a mask and drop a chandelier, that has no business being here.”
“Hi, you’ve reached John Watson! Obviously, I can’t come to the phone right now, but leave your name and number, and I’ll call you back the second I can.”
friend!” he amended urgently, lifting his free hand. “It- She’s a platonic female acquaintance,” he spluttered, and John laughed loudly, dropping his face as he shook his head down at the counter.
“Thank you, sweetheart. Now, hurry up.” She hooked her arm through her husband’s, locking him to her and guiding them back toward the crowd. “If we don’t greet them soon, it’ll seem like a slight.”
Sherlock felt his body slump, limp with shock as he watched John sigh, looking once more to their hands as he twisted them in his grasp.
John numbly followed the instruction, his mind spinning around the stranger’s words as he fished out the thin black Visa. “Okay, I-I got it.”
This wasn’t the same thing. He’d known that deep-down, wondered in the wee hours of the morning—when Sherlock’s footsteps could be heard creaking across the floorboards overhead—if there’d be anything to come back to, but, as much as he’d worried, strategizing for countless scenarios his mind had concocted, he’d never really thought it would happen.
Heavy footsteps started after him, but John had a head start, weaving between the cubicles as he raced for the closest stairwell, leaving Sherlock to go back the way they’d come.
“I know we don’t have to,” Sherlock interjected, blinking in a conscious effort to focus on John’s eyes. “I want to,” he said, trying to look rational even as he shook with lust. “I really,
“Like-Like how you did with the episodes where you disagreed with the science,” John added, waving a hand at the TV.
“Something like that. I’m afraid I wasn’t…entirely honest with her on the phone.” He glanced back over his shoulder at the door, a guilty flush in his cheeks. “I’m not here…for me. Exactly.”
“Okay. Thanks,” John replied, suddenly uncomfortable under the praise. He made to follow Sherlock’s path out when Lestrade stopped him.
“I mean right now,” John pressed, following after him, drawing as far up to Sherlock’s side as the narrow corridor would allow. “What did I do just then? In the kitchen?”
Sherlock swallowed around the lump in his throat, watching Cinnamon lick the bottom of her crate for crumbs. “Where did you find her?” he asked, and John shook his head.
“No, it’s fine,” he assured, swallowing down the suspicion rising bitter in his throat. “I have to get changed anyway.” He attempted a frail smile, a paltry effort Sherlock didn’t even bother returning, and snatched his clothes up off his bed, moving out into the corridor, the sharp bark of Sherlock’s greeting passing through the door just before he clicked it closed.
“Yes,” John whispered, and Sherlock closed his eyes, savoring the warmth that spilled out over his chest, “but I- I didn’t- It wasn’t supposed to be like that.” He shook his head, chin rustling through Sherlock’s hair as his hand stroked softly up and down his spine. “I-I shouldn’t’ve- We can just-”
John grinned down at the ink, the reality of it finally sinking it, wiping whatever lingering affront or fear he had from his mind, because he had an interview at
“Hmm?” Irene hummed, rousing at the sound, and Sherlock chuckled, holding the umbrella aloft behind him as he leaned into the car. “Wha-What’s going on?”
Sherlock sighed, catching the ball and holding it in his raised arm while he spoke. “No, John,” he said, tired and condescending. “I merely came to look for you after returning from London and happened to find you with Ms. Morstan. It was hardly anything as sinister as
He looked across to find Mrs. Hudson holding a bag of various, gummy candy toward him, a half-eaten, coke bottle one in her opposite hand. John looked between her and the printed, plastic bag curiously.
that!” he snapped, frustrated at the ruination of his internal moment, but John only laughed, folding his arms as he leaned against the doorframe. With a pointed scowl, Sherlock looked down at the projectile, a small box wrapped in red-and-white-striped paper and tied with-
“I-I don’t know,” Sherlock stammered, swallowing as he refocused through the heat of John’s breath. “I suppose it was the flirting a bit, but it was mostly…everything,” he breathed, watching his fingers shifting nervously against the cotton of John’s jumper. “The flirting, the diabetes, the fact that you went in there at all. You just-” He stalled, hesitating over a sigh before he pulled away, properly meeting John’s curious eyes. “You
“Yeah,” he assured, tone a little too high to ring true, “fine. So, er, what about Mary?” He looked up, tilting his head in what he thought was polite intrigue, but John only narrowed his eyes further.
Sherlock smiled, his gaze soft but not warm when he glanced at John’s turning head. “No,” he said, shaking his head back at the flames, “not mine.”
“I’m fine, Molly,” he assured with a nod. “Not a scratch. One of the bullets grazed my coat, but, other than that-”
He laughing, shaking his head as Irene grinned at him, and then they lapsed into silence, Irene smoking lazily while Sherlock stared out over the schoolyard. “I didn’t tell you about Victor,” he said after a time, and, though he didn’t turn to her, he heard Irene shift at his side, her elbows drawing closer where they rested on the windowsill.
Sherlock smirked down at his legs as he slid his phone back into the pocket of his jeans, another purchase from yesterday. As he lifted his head again, he noticed Devon looking at him curiously, his green eyes flicking between him and John underneath slightly furrowed eyebrows. It didn’t take a genius to figure out what was going on, but Sherlock was one, so he figured it out immediately. He wasn’t aware he was glaring at Devon until the boy’s eyes returned to him, widening with the knowledge of being caught as his cheeks flushed slightly.
,” he said deliberately as he slowly turned his head, his arms—bare up to the elbows where his sleeves had pooled—crossing over his chest. “You like
Interested in a new Sherlock/fandom convention in Minneapolis next summer? Mssmithlove and a glorious gang of geeks are working hard to bring one to life, so please take a hot two minutes to complete
“Thank you,” he said, the man bowing as he closed the door, and then started briskly back toward the hotel, Sherlock grateful to be spared polite small talk neither of them wanted to pretend to be interested in.
“Really?” he asked eagerly, and John laughed, smiling fondly at him as he bobbed a hand down at the gift in Sherlock’s grasp.
use the private shower?” Sherlock asked, his voice at John’s back as the lab door opened once again.
Sherlock barked a brief laugh, smiling at him over his naan bread before taking another, larger bite. If nothing else was sorted here, at least Sherlock would have eaten. “You want to help me with my experiments?” he asked, chewing thoughtfully.
“Ay, in the temple, in the town, the field, you do me mischief. Fie, Demetrius!” Molly urged. “Your wrongs do set a scandal on my sex: We cannot fight for love, as men may do; We should be wood and were not made to woo.”
“It seems neither you nor John have been returning their calls and text messages,” Mycroft explained, glancing both ways before charging through the pedestrian crossing, “and they grew concerned. Constable Dimmock has been unable to provide them with any details, of course,” he added with a tip of his head as they marched down Baker Street, the black car creeping along the street behind them, “and has, per Lestrade’s orders, been discouraging them from visiting. That is, until about ten minutes ago, when they showed up at headquarters
“Well, in my opinion,” he said, lifting his brows as his eyes turned sharp, something almost predatory glinting across his gaze, a danger Sherlock wanted to jump headlong into, “you’d look best in green.”
“Sorry,” the man blustered, the sound unexpectedly loud to John’s eager ears, “I-I just...wasn’t expecting… Tomorrow?”
knee socks!” he accused, jabbing a finger at him, and John lifted his brows. “You can’t like me!” he practically ordered, and John looked at him then, really looked at him, the kind of look you just know is seeing things you meant to keep hidden. “You can’t, because- Because people like you…they don’t like people like me,” he muttered, shaking his head as John stepped closer, physically incapable of tearing his eyes away from the blue ones staring back at him. “They just don’t, and it’s fine, it’s just the way things are, but that doesn’t mean you can-” He broke off in a yelp as John reached him, and then kept going, pushing Sherlock backward. For a split second, he was sure he was going to fall, his feet fumbling out from beneath him, but then he felt one of the metal supports at his back, a shock of cold that pulled in a gasp of air just before John’s lips crushed against his.
“The next portion of your assessment is an extended essay, and here you get a little more freedom in your reading.”
John wandered in a daze back to his team, his mind spinning around the information, and they turned to him expectantly as he joined their circle.
“Alright,” Lestrade sighed, clearly shelving the matter, but not tossing it entirely. “I’ll go get it out of him and finish putting the raid together. Should be ready to roll around 7. Can you be here after? ‘Round 9? I’ll text you with the specifics as it gets closer.”
“So what do you do when you’re not reading murder mysteries and Austen novels?” Mary joked with a dramatic flourish of her hand.
“No, I-” the man began, looking up from his work, and then stopped once again, closing his mouth while John sternly ordered his eyes not to follow the movement of his lips. “It’ll be a while yet,” he remarked, tipping his head as he glanced at the chair opposite him. “Always is. You don’t have to…keep checking in,” he muttered, waving a hand in the air between them, and John smiled down at him, shrugging a shoulder.
Sherlock hitched up his most reassuring smile. “We’ve got it all under control,” he said, and the tension eased from her shoulders as she sighed around a nod.
“Fine,” he snarled, rattling his head in exasperation while she clapped her hands beneath her chin. He picked his way through the debris, avoiding the worst of it as sugar and glass crunched under the hard soles, Irene beaming at him when he stepped into the small clearing around her feet.
Sherlock looked up as the man’s voice broke, finding John scant inches away, his eyes awash with a swirling mixture of agony and fear.
“Piss off,” Sherlock replied, turning to him with a lopsided smirk, and John blinked at him a moment before starting to chuckle, the laughter building as Sherlock joined in.
Logically, he knew John had never given him any reason to doubt him. There was no sense in Sherlock worrying that he would turn tail and run if he found out about Moriarty, deciding Sherlock wasn’t worth the risk after all, but, in spite of all the evidence he mentally amassed, he couldn’t shake the feeling that had plucked at him since their very first meeting, that oppressive weight of impending doom that lingered in his chest.
“Nothing much,” he said, shrugging as he slipped his hands into his pockets. “She was just threatening to turn my testicles into fluffy dice.”
He lingered there for longer than they both knew was necessary, stroking back and forth across the wrapped surface of Sherlock’s palm, and then gently slid his hands away, turning his attention to sealing the first aid materials back up. “I, um- I talked to Mycroft,” he said, fingers slow as they twisted at the Dettol cap. “Downstairs. He, er- Well, I asked about…being moved.”
“Well, I could always use some of that,” Clara joked with a smile, and she was quite pretty, Sherlock supposed, and it was clear Harry thought so, bobbing lightly against the girl’s side.
Snapping off his gloves, he turned, leaving Sally to glare at his back as she scribbled down his deductions, and was nearly through the door when Lestrade shouldered in to block his path.
Sarah smiled broadly, her head tilting, and Sherlock’s insides crackled over with ice. Clearly a previous romantic partner, though it didn’t go very far, but she would not be averse to rekindling the relationship, what with the way her eyes flashed over John’s chest.
yanking the barely dangling wig off his head. “Look, see? It just clipped the coat. My shirt’s not even torn.” He pushed his arm toward the detective, stretching out the sleeve so Sherlock could clearly see the damage.
“You look all by yourself,” he said, Sherlock giving up on passive aggressive and narrowing his eyes at him.
“All you have are suits, Sherlock,” John said, actually looking a little relieved to have his sentence finished.
He hadn’t done much research in the day afforded to him before he’d been swept off to foreign climes—or, rather, hadn’t read much of what Molly had provided for him—preferring to get his impressions firsthand so as to form as pure an opinion as possible, but a few bits of advance information had been necessary.
John lifted his head from the page, his pencil stilling as he met Sherlock’s incredulous eyes. “Yes. And you’re actually going to sign it.”
Sherlock blinked, momentarily alarmed, and then simply frowned, tilting his head at her. “You can’t drive,” he countered, and Harry’s mouth dropped open, the girl just beginning to shake her head at him as John drew up beside them.
Sherlock blinked, taking the half second necessary to piece together what John was referring to. “I’m not certain the team needs me,” he said down to his phone with a shrug, realizing he had automatically opened up a message to John as his ruse. “Sheffield will hardly be a difficult game, and we’re staying overnight.”
“Positive,” he confirmed, bending to pick up the box he had left at her feet. He placed it on top of the rolling suitcase, leaning it against the handle. “I’ll be fine.” He smiled brightly at her, only forcing it a little.
“Hey, John?” Sherlock voice interrupted from behind the curtain, crooning in so obvious a non-Sherlock way, John’s stomach flipped with panic at whatever very-not-good thing he
“That is...something of a long story,” Sherlock replied with a sidelong glance, but John only shrugged, curling the corners of his mouth.
“I’m gonna let you in, and then run into Speedy’s, alright?” John explained, and Sherlock nodded, not trusting his mouth to open and let out only words at the moment. “Jesus,” John muttered, shaking his head as they climbed the steps to the door, “what was
Sherlock winced, not wanting to add any more to the list of small deceptions. “It’ll be fine,” he assured, but there was a definite strain in his voice, albeit not for the reason John would assume.
“Here!” he answered, and then immediately felt stupid for it as he pushed his way through the remaining students to reach the housemaster, Mr. Parish.
His fingers gripped painfully tight into the fabric of John’s jacket, his head shaking fiercely against the self-flagellation as he tried to summon up something, any small sliver of light before his head sank beneath the drowning darkness, and then, suddenly, he heard a voice in his head so clearly, someone may as well have shouted into his ear.
John chuckled, looking back down to the phone. “No,” he conceded, “but I might print out a copy or two.”
John hummed in reply, lowering his mug back to the table. “Did you know the dark roasts actually have less caffeine?” he said, the abrupt shift rattling Sherlock from his anxiety spiral, and he lifted his face with a frown. “Well, it depends on how it’s measured,” John continued, shrugging a shoulder, “but, if you’re using a scoop rather than weight, which pretty much everyone does, you get fewer dark beans per scoop because they’re larger. So, you get less caffeine.”
“So, what you’re saying is,” Dimmock ventured slowly, pointing the end of his pen at John over the top of his notepad, “Moran thought you were Sherlock?”
“It varies,” she replied. “Sometimes it’s 20, sometimes it’s closer to a hundred, but 50 or so is about average.”
John smiled, his confidence growing exponentially with the steady darkening of Sherlock’s cheeks. “Well, you are now,” he replied, and Sherlock blinked, a small laugh startled from his lips. “What time is your meeting over?” John asked, the word coming easier now, especially when Sherlock ducked a smile to the ground, his foot shuffling faintly against the concrete.
John settled back down to watch the show, but, inevitably, his eyes kept flicking to Sherlock’s silhouetted back, his own surname spread across the back, and it felt right to see it there somehow, a warmth growing so thick in his chest, he thought a fragment of firework may have lodged itself in his heart. He couldn’t say how long he lay there, transfixed by the image, but then, too quickly for John to turn away, Sherlock’s face looked down to where John lay, his mouth stopping halfway through a sentence John hadn’t really been listening to. He tilted his head curiously, searching over John’s face just as a massive shower of silver sparks exploded overhead, giving John no hope of hiding his expression in the dim. Sherlock blinked, puzzled, and then blinked again, this time in apparent surprise.
He sat down on the floor, leaning against the nearest support—the leg of a table that ground against the floor a bit as he crashed his weight into it—and pressed the heels of his hands to his eyes.
“Shh!” John hissed, scuttling back up to the head of the bed and yanking it as well, bringing his mattress flush with Sherlock’s. “Lie down.”
“Yes you do!” Sherlock threw his weight into a lunge, and John lost a couple inches of ground, mind working quickly to find an advantage of his own.
He winced. Too clever, John, as always. Too clever for your—my? our?—own good. “He didn’t hurt me.” His voice was barely audible, even to his own ears.
“That one place?” Sherlock parroted, raising a brow, and John rolled his eyes. “Yes,” Sherlock answered, chuckling as John took another sip, “didn’t you see the logo on the cup?”
“Oh,” Sherlock said, and he sounded almost…disappointed? “Well,” he clipped, closing the door and smiling once more, “it would seem you have a penchant for the ‘80s when intoxicated.”
John had answers to that question, answers Sherlock already had, had already explained, but they weren’t the answers he really wanted, wouldn’t answer the question he was really asking, so John didn’t offer anything at all, just looked back at Sherlock as a tear broke loose from the man’s grey eyes, his hand lifting automatically to smear it away with a thumb. “I’m sorry,” he whispered, sliding his hand further back over Sherlock’s jaw, formality forgotten. “I’m sorry,” he heard again, feeling his lips move, but having no control over what they formed, his focus fixed on lifting his other hand to push a curl off Sherlock’s forehead, combing it back into the others as Sherlock’s eyelids fluttered closed, tears still leaking out from the stitches of his lashes. “I’m so sor-”
“Lab 117,” the man said, the syllables rushed, as if he hadn’t trusted himself to get them all out if it wasn’t all at once. “I-I’m using 117 for the project,” he continued, smiling sheepishly down at his shoes, his eyes peering up at John through a veil of dark lashes. “I should be there by 2:30,” he added, the uncertain hope transparent in his folding brow and shifting gaze, and John, though now more confused than ever, found himself unable to hold onto the frustration and smiled, his heart stuttering in his chest as Sherlock nervously returned the gesture.
He blinked, his eyes focusing on the paper shaking in his hands before lifting to the doorway, alighting on an unmistakable silhouette, however blurry it was.
“I’m sure you will,” he replied, Irene lifting her brows at him a moment before closing the door between them, and then clung close to Sherlock’s side beneath the umbrella as they made their way to the front of her building, Sherlock producing a key ring from his pocket and opening the door.
Irene smiled, looking down at her tea as she tapped her nails against the mug, a question forming in the furrow of her brow. “Do you- Does your family- ...Do they think you’re dead?”
“Which only makes it worse, if you think about it,” John chirped, grinning at Sherlock’s glare as he drained the last of his beer. “Anyone else need more commoner swill?” he asked, rising from his seat and waggling his bottle for emphasis, chuckling as all the beer-drinkers at the table nodded, downing whatever little they had left. “Alright, I’ll go catch the waiter. Don’t eat all the good pieces!”
Sherlock opened his mouth, but his tongue failed him, lolling around uselessly behind his teeth. Whatever force of god or fate that had thought dropping John Watson into his life would be a good idea had clearly overestimated Sherlock, because all he could manage to do was stay standing and just barely avoid blurting out something ridiculous about how blue John’s eyes were. There was a word for this, a word that had prickled around the edges of his mind for weeks, months even, but he couldn’t bring himself to say it, not even in his mind, because that was the sort of thing you couldn’t come back from, and at least half of Sherlock’s brain was still resolutely certain John was going to call the whole thing off every time he opened his mouth.
die. And Sherlock wanted to tell him that, wanted to throw himself across the table and scream and cry and cling until John understood just how desperately, hopelessly, helplessly lost he’d be without him, but, at the same time, a part of Sherlock suspected that John had already known that.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “It made no sense for Claire Jones to open that window herself; people could see in, and it was far too cold. However, if one was trying to slow down the evaporation rate of dry ice in a humid bathroom…” He trailed off, shrugging and lifting his eyebrows. “It really was the only logical explanation. I’m surprised it didn’t occur to me earlier, but then John reminded me-”
“You sure?” John asked, looking up at him, much more concern in his face than a picture with a life-size Lego person should cause.
“You’re on your way, then?” Sherlock presumed, voice adopting a much softer tenor, and John smiled in the dark of the cab, nodding against his mobile.
“Oh no, it is,” he countered as he twisted the key in the ignition. “Studying immunology on my breaks is actually the highlight of my day.”
Sebastian glowered between them all, and then sighed, shaking his head as he tugged up the collar of his loose black jacket. “What about Becca?” he asked, turning to the blond man leaning against the fence at Sherlock’s left. “You still goin’ with her?”
The blond looked up at him, a soft sound that maybe one day hoped it would grow up to be a word drifting out of his throat before he looked away again, eyes moving further down the storefront.
“It’ll be the one that says ‘Nerf’,” John teased, chuckling as Sherlock kicked his leg beneath the duvet, catching his foot tight between his calves.
“Agent,” he snapped in reply, and John turned, watching the man’s back until it disappeared around the doorframe, a rumble of footsteps descending away from him before the exterior door closed with a pointed snap.
A whistle sounded, a ball shot into the space between their bodies, and John watched the flurry of unidentifiable feet with removed calm, unable to say who was responsible for sending it flying back between their legs. Arms and legs dislodged, and he could see Devon in his mind’s eye, scooping the ball up off the grass and careening around them on the right. Unhindered, the teammate on that side jumping back to allow him through, John shot to the left, past the opposing forwards who barely had time to spare him a surprised glance as they pulled away from the scrum. The wings and centers Sherlock had eviscerated were just as incompetent as he had claimed them to be, and John was nearly entirely past them before they even considered him threat enough to chase. The center of the pitch was bare around the back of the scrum, and he barreled forward into the gap, his eyes searching for Devon up ahead. He found him, a blurry shot of black hair, and pushed harder into his peripheral vision.
“You have no quantifiable proof,” he snapped, crossing his arms, affecting haughtiness even as a bubble of laughter rose in his throat.
and Sherlock frowned down at the display only a matter of seconds before his eyes widened in understanding.
The hair on the back of his neck lifted with awareness, and he turned, catching all-too-familiar blue eyes fixed on him from across the room as his mouth went dry, fingers shaking in sudden embarrassment around the valentine still clutched in them.
Sherlock’s grin sent shivers up John’s spine, a blend of terror, foreboding, and a few other things he wasn’t willing to name right now. “You’ll see,” he said ominously, and John felt his eyes widen. “Come on,” Sherlock continued, turning suddenly back to the table. “You can help me set them up.”
John blinked, a perplexed crease gradually burrowing into his forehead. “You’ve known me less than an hour,” he reminded, but Sherlock was untroubled.
“Harry!” John blurted, pulling away from under her arm as he gaped at her. “That- That is-” he stammered, and Harry shook her head, rolling her eyes as she started off down the pavement again.
“Oh, come on,” John urged, frustratingly winsome smile on his face. “You can be anything you like. Astronaut, firemen, hot dog vendor.”
!” Harry spluttered, and Mrs. Watson lost it, dropping the napkin to the table as she laughed outright.
John would have been content to set up his laptop in the library, but no, Holmes Manor had a media room—because of course it did—and Sherlock insisted on cueing up John’s DVDs on the massive television before flopping into one of the reclining seats on the sofa next to him. It took probably five solid minutes for Sherlock to explain the buttons that operated John’s seat, another seven to go over the remote, and, in the end, he ended up working both of them, moving John’s footrest up and headrest back to match his own. The only thing that might have made it better would have been cup holders, but that would have come between him and Sherlock, and that wouldn’t have been any good at all. Sherlock slouched down so his head was level with John’s, and then he slouched down even further, his hair occasionally brushing at John’s cheek when he moved, their arms pressed together entirely. At one point, Sherlock had somehow—John wasn’t discounting on purpose—got a chunk of crisp caught in his hair, and John had pulled away, laughing as he brushed it out, and then he couldn’t quite
He wrote and erased several things, arrangements of dates and numbers that didn’t amount to anything, and then turned his attention to the names, writing them out again in his spare corner of space. As he wrote, something stirred in his stomach, a creeping sort of dread he couldn’t yet place, but he followed it, letting his wrist roll and twist as his eyes fought to keep up. He scratched out, erased with his sleeve, moved things here and there, and then, suddenly, as he leaned back to double check his spelling, he saw it, the big picture coming into horrible, terrifying focus. His mouth dropped open with a gasp, his hand beginning to shake, the marker quivering against the surface of the board, and then Lestrade rushed in, his footsteps falling like echoes of Sherlock’s heartbeat where it pounded in his ears.
Sherlock’s desk was cleared, along with his wardrobe, and, as he was rifling through the sock index, skull watching him from the dresser with its unsettling voids of eyes, his fingers found something hard and cool, and he frowned, swiping across the surface once more before beginning to rip through the drawer.
“You shh!” he snarled back, kicking at the side of Sherlock’s foot. “Your bloody hip is stabbing me!”
Irene hung her head, shaking it. “I send a postcard on my birthday. Blank.” She turned the cup between her hands, pointing the handle out to the room. “I don’t want them to worry,” she added, the silence saying for them that they would worry anyway. “I don’t- I don’t know what to do now,” she whispered, as if in disbelief at her own uncertainty, and John moved closer still, draping a hand over the back of the sofa behind her in unobtrusive invitation.
“Not really. You’re studying medicine; I’m studying chemistry. It’s only natural you would know more about rare diseases than-”
Sherlock blew out a breath, rolling his back to the door and blinking across the mound of his pillow at the window, counting the snowflakes in an attempt to lull himself to sleep.
“I should go. We got a couple new recruits and the honor of whipping them into shape has fallen into my lap, of course.” He tried for a chuckle, but it was closer to a wheeze. “Right, I’ll just…see myself out,” he muttered, and was gone with a cough and a flurry of footsteps.
Second, I have a survey set up for you guys to decide what the next fic I write is, which will start posting after MHITAS ends, so please
There was a puff of air, like maybe John was attempting a laugh. “Nothing,” he answered, and Sherlock could finally look at him only to see he was looking away. “Are those carol singers?” he asked, tilting his head before he moved away, and Sherlock found there was so much more air in his absence. “They are!” he said, delighted as he peered in at the window display. “And they
“Only if you’re a lost cause,” Sherlock muttered, lifting a brow, “which you seem determined to be.”
“He’ll have the chicken pad thai,” John said, walking back to Mrs. Hudson, smiling as he handed her the menu.
“Hello, Mr. Watson,” the housemaster said, giving him a quick nod. “I trust your experience here at Langley is going well?”
He lifted his face again, leaning back in the chair almost dangerously in an effort to see more of the library. He didn’t recognize anyone who had been at the café while he and Molly were there, but, then again, he hadn’t really been looking, not expecting his secret admirer to have been among the patrons. Unless his secret admirer had graduated from happenstance observer to full-blown stalker…
had best be getting her beauty sleep.” She rose from the sofa, dropping a squeeze to his shoulder just as John entered the room, looking curiously between them. “Goodnight, dears,” she bade, patting John on the arm as she passed, and he frowned after her, turning a raised brow to Sherlock when she disappeared down the stairs.
“You two should come to the final,” John offered, flicking a hand at them. “I mean, assuming we make it.”
Sherlock looked absolutely appalled, turning around to look at them without the aid of polished glass, and that was somehow so much worse. “It’s a
Sherlock looked over his shoulder to see Greg laughing, not helping him in the least, and then he shrugged with a farewell wave of his hand.
John blinked, eyebrows knitting together as he took a moment to make sure he hadn’t misheard. “I- All of our supplies are delivered fresh every morning from local vendors.”
Sherlock opened his mouth, but quickly closed it again, his eyes narrowing as he searched John’s intently.
“Are you alright?” he asked when the silence had started to get scary, and Irene blinked, turning to him with a startled hiss of a laugh.
Kavi, Émile, and Sean retreated to the rack of foils, John moving toward one resting on a wooden bench on the perimeter of the room.
Sherlock, the only one John wouldn’t be killing—for various reasons—merely sucked his lips over his teeth, averting his eyes to the display of granola bars beside the register as if suddenly endlessly fascinated by nutrition facts.
Oh god, that was petty. Petty and desperate and so horribly transparent. He was almost relieved when John didn’t reach for that one either.
“So, with the optical isomers,” he questioned, pointing to a picture in his book, “they’re mirror images, but not identical?”
sent Sherlock to sleep with a smile on his face, thinking that once, just this once, he might have done something right.
Sherlock was standing in the middle of the room, hands outstretched into a frame in front of him, his head tilting side-to-side.
Sherlock smiled, stretching his elbow across the seat to nudge lightly at John’s arm. “Of course you did,” he assured, and John twitched his head to peer across at him through his lashes. “And, ya know, if you didn’t,” Sherlock teased, shrugging as he leaned back in his seat, “I can always build the school a new library or something. Then they’d pretty much
Sherlock hesitated, and that was strange enough that both Lestrade and John looked to him with concern.
would’ve done!” he railed, slicing a hand through the air before settling it on his sternum, but the fingers soon slipped away, falling to his lap as his body wilted. “But it’s not- It’s not enough,” he breathed, watching his hands as he twisted his fingers together in his lap. “And I don’t- I don’t know why,” he added helplessly, the saltwater pooled on his bottom lashes flickering in the light as he shook his head. “I don’t know why it still hurts.”
“Well, I do believe he would…come around,” Greg muttered, wringing his hands together in front of him.
John dropped his face, his fingers twitching as they clenched in and out of a fist at his side, but he shouldn’t have expected anything less.
?” Sherlock reiterated in disgust, and John chuckled, slipping his A-level schedule for next year back into the bag beside him.
Memories slowly dripped into place, swirling into their proper order. He remembered talking with Sherlock Friday night, Sherlock sleeping in his bed again. He remembered Sherlock being gone Saturday morning and all through the afternoon without any word. He remembered working himself up into a right state over whether Sherlock was gone for good, if John had scared him away being all sentimental—he knew Sherlock hated feelings, how could he have been so
“Really?” John leaned over the hanger, swinging the tie toward the center. “I’d have thought the solid black would look more professional.”
John’s jaw clenched, cheeks darkening as Sherlock sneered at him, and then he tried for the door again, getting only a few steps before John beckoned him back. “Sherlock, stop!”
Sherlock’s lips slowly stretched over his teeth in a carnivorous grin, eyes glinting with danger and excitement, and John’s stomach swooped as his pulse quickened, like a split-second of freefall. “That, John,” Sherlock breathed, “is
“It’s alright,” she repeated, the words warm as they swept over his hair. “We’ll take care of it. All of us.”
“Obviously,” Sherlock snapped, twitching his shoulders to bring his neck further into his coat, and the reflection of John grinned at him.
John stared at the screen, tapping at the edge of his mobile as he tried to think of something else to say, something that wasn’t too soon or too much, but, once again, Sherlock beat him to it.
!” He spun, kicking the side of his shoe hard against the doorframe, startling John a moment before he leapt forward.
“Are those equal offenses in your book?” John chuckled, and then shrugged a shoulder. “Mike...handed me something. But he hands me lots of things.” He clearly wanted to leave it there, but Sherlock’s curiosity was more piqued than sated, and he continued to stare expectantly. John sighed. “The ‘clandestine service,’ as you call it”—half his mouth twitched in a smirk—“did put together a file on you. But, I’m afraid, I have no idea how many times you’ve littered.” He shook his head at his own reflection. “I didn’t read it.”
Slowly, he lifted his eyes back to the boy’s face, huffing an incredulous laugh as he adjusted the strap of his bag on his shoulder. “Right,” he muttered with a flick of his brows, “sure they are.”
He wanted to though, wanted to snatch that sweatshirt and stitch it into his skin so no one could ever take it away, take John away, take this angels-floating-down-from-heaven-and-singing-the-hallelujah-chorus moment away, but, as he stood there, slack-jawed and staring, John couldn’t know any of that.
“Ten minutes,” Sherlock replied, looking to Mycroft again, who quirked his head slightly to the left. “Maybe less,” he added.
John’s eyes narrowed, but Sherlock smiled, and he automatically returned it as his chest heaved with relief. “You might be,” he said, still grinning as he shrugged. “The situation’s never come up.”
“Too right,” she said with a nod, looking back to the screen a moment before a frown creased her brow. “Say, where’s John?” she asked, turning her head back toward the stairs. “I know I saw him come in earlier.”
“No, but you gave it to me, so it’s a present.” He turned off the water, slotting his cup onto the drying rack before looking back, eyes rolling as they took in Sherlock’s exasperated expression. “Fine,” he muttered, rattling his head, “but nothing big! I don’t need you getting me the new iPhone when all I can afford is a pair of socks.”
He sighed heavily, swearing he could hear Sherlock smirking on the other end of the line. “Scotland Yard?”
“Er…” John mumbled, but was momentarily spared responding by the lift doors opening. “You going down?” he asked as he walked forward.
Sherlock was lying across the sofa, his gaze shifting between the snow gently falling outside the windows and the television. It was sometime during the wee hours of the morning, midnight having long passed, but no hint of sun yet brushing across the starlit sky, and Sherlock sighed, thumbing out yet another email on his mobile.
His body had stiffened, his shoulders lifting as they tightened, and his lips pressed tight as something burned across his eyes.
“Yours is the blue one,” he said, and Sherlock took the appropriate cup as he passed, drawing his legs up under him as he settled into his chair, closing his eyes as he breathed in the sweet earthy scent of fresh coffee. “How’d ya sleep?” John asked as he dropped into his own chair, flicking the telly to the news before swapping the remote for his drink.
This space is usually used for a quote, but I have a couple heads-ups for you guys that take precedence today.
Mr. Holmes hummed, dipping his head, but his eyes were sharp with study, what was only a few seconds seeming to stretch on endlessly as they waited for the verdict. “Well,” he chirped, mouth splitting with a smile as he bobbed a thumb at Sherlock, “good to know this one has a doctor around.” He chuckled, as did John, but Sherlock only managed a weak smile, distracted as he was with not melting with relief. “Nearly burnt his eyebrows off when he was five, and it’s only gone downhill from there.”
“Don’t,” Sherlock snapped as the blond nearly toppled off the mattress. “Let me do it. Before you fall and crack your skull.”
“I- Thank you,” he said, prolonged eye contact proving impossible. “I’ll pay you back. When-When I can.”
“I dunno,” John shrugged, pushing the now-empty bag aside. “We just got to talking, I guess. He asked if I was a student, I said I was in medicine, he said his son was a doctor. You know how it goes.”
When they got back, Mycroft got on the phone while Sherlock led John upstairs. He made no attempt to hide the fact that he was arranging for the rest of John’s things to be removed from his house, as well as organizing a spot at a nearby rehabilitation facility for his mother, but John made no argument, only glancing toward the cracked study door in brief surprise when Mycroft adamantly insisted money would be no object.
“After your…meeting,” he added, his stomach twisting in discomfort at the small lie, but he got over it quick enough as Sherlock dropped his eyes, fidgeting with the keys between his fingers.
Sherlock smiled, nodding in reply, and then immediately let the expression fall as she turned her back.
John chuckled, shifting his fingers through Sherlock’s hair to rub briefly at where the curls gave way to muscle beneath bare skin. “So…not boring,” John summated with a small smirk.
John shifted to see around Sherlock, who spun at the sound. “Ryan!” John said, stepping forward to shake the man’s hand. “Thought you were gonna be on duty tonight.”
“And I’ll probably have to room with Kevin if you don’t come,” John chuckled, rubbing at the back of his neck as he lifted his head.
“John, where are we-” he began, but John hushed him with a sharp hiss, completely ignoring Sherlock glaring at the back of his head.
He panted as John released him, tongue soothing a stripe over the flushed skin, and Sherlock wanted so desperately to see it, to carve the image of John’s brand into his mind, and just the thought that it was there, a prickling sensation on his skin in the shape of John’s mouth, sent a spike of arousal rocketing through his gut. He’d always been jealous, always been possessive, always been the one to control, and, if anyone had told him he’d be dizzy with lust over being on the receiving end, he’d have told them they were crazy. Nevertheless, he couldn’t deny the tremors in his fingers, the pounding of his heart, and, as John traced back up, lips brushing chapped against Sherlock’s ear, his hips jerked involuntarily, making it impossible to hide just how deeply affected he was.
“It’s his first year at Queen Mary too,” Irene added, gesturing to Molly, who tilted her head, clearly intrigued.
“Goodnight,” he echoed, the gaze lingering a long moment before they both twisted abruptly away, Sherlock fighting to regulate his breathing as he feigned a calm retreat down the corridor.
“No,” John clipped, rattling his head, but Sherlock lifted a skeptical brow. John dropped his eyes, scratching lightly at the side of his neck. “We-We just wore nice stuff,” he muttered, shrugging a shoulder. “Black trousers and shoes. White button-downs. Bowties.”
The man scanned over his face once more, and then turned out, eyes passing over the restaurant. “He’s going to propose with dessert,” he pronounced, pointing subtly toward a couple tucked into a corner booth, and there was something different about his voice now, an additional sharpness that plucked at the hairs at the back of John’s neck. “Wedding anniversary,” he continued, nodding at the elderly couple John had spoken to earlier. “Thirty-something-th, I can’t say for certain. And the woman with the fur coat is-”
John shook his head, sighing with soft exasperation as he turned back to the front. “I’m not sure they’ll work as well, though. I’ve never tried the homeopathic ones.”
Well, it's not the finale, but I got too carried away and thought something was better than nothing, so have this interlude and expect the final chapter mid-week!
“Oh, look at me! Nattering on like some sappy old maid,” she chuckled, shaking her head as she retracted her hand, brushing at her hair. “You must be hungry. I’ve collected some takeaway menus for when Sherlock comes to stay. How does Thai food sound? There’s a place down the road that’s supposed to be excellent, or so Mrs. Turner told me,” she added with a shrug, rising to her feet and prompting John to do the same.
“I suppose I should’ve known,” she said, heavy with dramatics, and she looked forlorn for all of half a second before lifting her eyebrows and smirking. “The cute ones are always gay.”
“Why would I need you?” Sherlock spat before he could think better of it, a familiar flare of fury making yet another sudden and irrepressible appearance.
The man appeared every kind of relieved to get away from the scene, and dithered a bit at the edge of the path in front of the flat, asking them no less than five times if they were certain they were alright, if they needed anything, if they wanted him to sweep the flat first. Only when Mrs. Hudson came to the door did he leave, giving her a quick wave and a smile that immediately withered as he caught sight of the thunder in the older woman’s gaze, and he nearly peeled out, leaving the lightning portion of her wrath to Sherlock and John.
“Alright, alright,” John muttered, picking up the hanger of the grey shirt and holding it in front of him. “Now,” he clipped, flipping the ties over the front, “which one?”
“Just do it!” Lestrade spat, turning along with John as a clicking sound approached the door behind them.
There was a loud huff, and John’s desk rattled with the impact of Sherlock’s feet landing heavily on the legs.
Sherlock smiled, eyes twinkling across at him as they left the parking garage and started down the street. “You like driving me?” he parroted, chuckling back at John’s sneer.
John pushed up from the brick, uncrossing his arms to slip his hands into his jacket pockets as he moved to Irene’s side, and Sherlock set his jaw against the knot rising in his throat as he glared between the unlikely duo.
Lestrade blinked in surprise, his mouth parting slightly. It quickly closed into a small smile, and something about his expression reeked of being thoroughly impressed. “Nothing, really,” he muttered. “Just keep an eye out. He gets in these…
There was a yelp from around the corner as the ball dropped into a cubicle against the opposite wall, bouncing around the space with a series of dull
“That tie’s about as festive as meatloaf!” she spat, and Sherlock laughed, jumping when a voice sounded from downstairs.
Sherlock’s brow creased in confusion, eyes blinking as he tilted his head. “Is it- What?” he muttered, and John sighed, more pained than exasperated.
“Does Irene know?” Mike asked, John frowning at him in confusion. “I mean, did Molly tell her? About the whole ballet thing?”
John smiled sheepishly, twisting his fingers atop his thigh as he dropped his face. “I just wanted you to get some credit for what you do. And people seem to like it.”
He felt his body deflate, shoulders slumping in resignation, and his knees rattled, an oddly disconnected moment of ridiculous terror washing over him at the possibility he was going to faint in Anderson’s arms, but he felt a hand settle heavy on his shoulder, and looked up, Anderson withdrawing as his brother pulled him against his side.
There was no reply, and Sherlock pocketed his mobile, not quite able to be proud of his successful evasion as he sipped his too-sweet coffee.
“Jesus,” John hissed beside him, pulling Sherlock out of the scene for a moment to look at his friend. His blue eyes were closed, his face pained as he dropped it down and to the side.
“Ready?” Irene asked, reappearing at his side, and Sherlock jumped, blinking his widening gaze up at her.
“Yes!” Sherlock blustered, a little embarrassment starting to creep into the outrage, heat tickling at the collar of John’s sweatshirt.
Sherlock sighed, looking back to the window, tired in more ways than one. He opened his mouth to say something he’d probably regret when the Christmas tree burst to life below them, diagonal rainbows of lights swirling up to the dark peak of the branches. The courtyard was awash with the colors, reds and blues blending in a patchwork quilt over the cobblestones, and Sherlock scanned over the applauding silhouettes, wondering which ones were Greg and Molly and if either had worked up the courage to so much as brush their fingers together in the space between their bodies. He cleared his throat, stepping back and smiling at John, who had turned away from the window at his movement. “Forgive me, Your Highness,” he said, inclining his head over the title for added emphasis, and John quirked a brow at the formal tone, “but I must retire. I trust we will continue this lively conversation tomorrow.” He lay a hand over his ribs and bowed deeply as he took a step back, John’s expression flat and unamused when he lifted his face again. He turned, hands sliding into his pockets as he started toward the door, a secret smug smile twisting at the corners of his lips.
He looked around the room as he made for an exit, tall enough already to scan over most of the “adult’s” heads. Had John left him here? Left him to rot in this detritus that passed as the police force? No, that’s something he would do, not John. So then, where was he?
Anderson was in the living room, decked out in one of those ridiculous, blue, puffy suits. He was picking at something on the sofa with a pair of forceps, and spared them only a brief, exasperated glance as they walked past.
“Well,” Sherlock said, rolling his head back to John with a soft smile, “you’re not completely insufferable yourself.”
“Like hell,” John scoffed, following behind him, and, if he noticed Sherlock chose Mary’s chair, he didn’t comment on it. “You two were sitting awfully close together.”
He opened his eyes, systematically locking away every stirring feeling—if he dared even call it such a thing—as he brought images of Claire Jones to the forefront, but her body kept being replaced by a much more alive one in a different tub.
“Only technically,” Sherlock countered, shrugging a shoulder. “He’d already been stalking me for months.”
“I was so scared,” she cried, shaking her head down at the table. “I-I couldn’t tell anyone. I didn’t know what to do!”
“Well, you don’t have anywhere to be, do you?” John snapped back, only having to raise his voice a little as he drew closer.
John blinked, looking up, caught off-guard by the stunned expression that met him. He frowned, tilting his head, and Sherlock shakily opened his mouth.
John paced back and forth down the aisle between their beds, arms folded across his chest, one hand lifted up so he could nibble at his thumbnail as he watched Sherlock’s eyes roll back and forth across the screen. “Well?” he pressed, and Sherlock shushed him with yet another hiss. John resumed his strides, steps growing quicker and quicker until he simply couldn’t contain it any longer. “Oh, come on! You’ve read it three times by now!”
“Hardly,” he grumbled, and Molly lifted her head to smile at him directly, the exact opposite reaction he’d been hoping for.
The moment was broken when Sherlock blinked, but it wasn’t a bad broken, wasn’t an end so much as a pause.
“I thought you weren’t sick,” John teased, smiling into Sherlock’s curls as the boy huffed. “I’ll be fine,” John assured, tangling his legs with Sherlock’s trouser-clad ones. “If I’m gonna get it, I probably already have it. Are you still cold?”
“He’s right there,” Sherlock sighed, jabbing his finger toward John, as if to say ‘Please bother him instead’, “and John can take of himself.”
Wordlessly, John moved past him, crossing into the lab before closing that door behind him as well. He acted quickly, wrapping the tourniquet and syringe in newspaper and toilet tissue respectively before throwing them in the hazardous waste bin in the lab. He then darted into the bathroom, pouring out the contents of the vial into the toilet before flushing it, and grabbed a plastic bag from one of the shelves. He placed the glass inside, sealed the bag, and then sat it on the floor, lining his shoe up and slamming down, the vial shattering within the plastic. Picking that up, he threw it in the bin in the bathroom, unrolling and shredding a bit of toilet paper to scatter overtop before, after one last final check, returning to Sherlock in the corridor.
Sherlock groaned, flopping back onto the bed, his brown hair bouncing as he splashed into the duvet.
. He wasn’t worthy, and if, in the end, he turned out to be just a pit stop on the path of John’s life, the tacky tourist trap giant ball of yarn or transportation museum where John stretched his legs before moving on to bigger and better things, well, he’d count himself lucky to even get that close. And, as he’d tried to tell John countless times, he really would be better off without Sherlock. Everyone else seemed to come to that conclusion, anyway.
Moriarty clapped, soft and polite, as if he were watching a game at Wimbledon instead of a man bleeding out on the floor, slack-jawed and staring unfocused at a spot over Moran’s shoulder. “Always centered,” he noted, stepping forward to lean around the man’s body and get a clear view of the hole in his forehead. “I do so admire symmetry.” He flashed a grin at Moran, who nodded at the compliment.
“Watson, is it?” the inspector remarked, the hair on John’s neck rising with the acute awareness that his background was about to be checked. “Well, that’s not so hard. Wonder Sherlock couldn’t remember it.”
Sherlock blinked, his lips falling in a wounded pout. “I would never- Are you actually writing that down?!”
“Oh, we should get our order together before he comes back,” Harry said, nearly decapitating Sherlock with the cocktail menu as she reached past him to snag it off the bar.
“Um, if it’s not too much trouble, I- Would you mind giving me a ride back to the station? I haven’t got money for the tube back, and my uncle can take me home after his shift.” She was blushing furiously, fiddling with the strap of her purse.
“That’s because he think I’m going to steal it,” Sherlock snapped back, and Irene chuckled, leaning back against the brick wall as she tapped free some of the ashes. Sherlock glared at her, and then rattled his head, turning away as he rested against the wall beside her, taking a drag of his own cigarette.
it,” he admitted, bobbing his shoulders, “but it’s the only way. Otherwise, they’d, at best, make you move out.”
Victor narrowed his eyes at her, and then rolled them, huffing a derisive hiss through his nose. “I never stepped out on her,” he muttered, dragging in a last long hit before crushing his cigarette beneath his sole. “Three months, I never did more than dance with other girls.”
He probably could have gone on like that, alternating between Drumsticks and Smarties until they went to bed regretting all of it, but his mobile chirped at half-seven, signaling a shift in the festivities.
After what felt like an eternity of her fidgeting with their blankets and offering them every possible type of biscuit, John yawned—perhaps not entirely authentically—and Mrs. Hudson excused herself, admonishing Sherlock for some reason for letting her keep John awake all this time. When she had left, John rose from the sofa, blanket attempting to pull him back down as it slid from his back, and Sherlock felt a strange sort of kinship with the horrid orange fabric.
Though, now that he was in here, Sherlock wasn’t so sure he wouldn’t give up a few digits to escape.
Sherlock paused a few steps up, fingers tapping on the thin metal banister as he contemplated extending an olive twig. “You did well,” he murmured, flicking a wave toward the wall, “in there.”
“He doesn’t see them as people, John,” Sherlock said softly, trying to be comforting without any idea how.
Sherlock only nodded at first, stretching out his hand while he waited for his mouth to work. “Okay,” he finally murmured, “I’ll take the jacket.”
John stopped, Sherlock carrying on a few more steps before noticing his absence and turning back, brow furrowed in confusion. “
Sherlock started to grin, but quickly ducked his face, sucking his lips over his teeth to force his smile flat just as Mike stepped forward.
John looked back to the package, scrutinizing it now, his head tilting side-to-side as if just making the discovery. “Not exactly romantic,” he muttered, and Sherlock hissed a laugh, dodging the detritus of his former lodgings as he weaved closer across the hardwood.
Short little chapter that doesn't really fit in the next one. Men almost talking about their feelings!!
John gripped the coat tightly, feeling a rush of pride as Sherlock’s façade faltered momentarily to look down at his coiling fingers. “No problem,
Sherlock blinked, his eyes narrowing slightly as they softened, and then they shot wide, his mouth forming a loose circle. “Sentiment!” he exhaled, twisting on the floor to spread the photos out in front of him. “Of course! No wonder it didn’t make sense! Bitterness, bitterness is a paralytic, but
“Oh.” John nodded at the floor between his knees as he stood, scratching up the back of his neck. “Alright. Sounds...fun.” He tipped his head, frowning at his own choice of words, and Sherlock chuckled, their eyes meeting in the shifting blue light of the television.
John nodded. “Yeah, you know. Don’t be a stranger. Text me and all that,” he muttered, shrugging as he removed a hand to rub at the back of his neck, a shiver running through him at the miscalculation of how much his pockets had warmed his fingers.
was going to go for a rather elaborate analogy of a spider at the center of a web—plucking at strings, making the players dance, etc.—but your event planner thing works too.”
Glancing up, he found John doing the same, blue eyes turned navy with shadows and pain. The blond shook his head, but Sherlock ignored him, just like always, focusing intently on the skin below his descending hand.
At his feet lay Moran, the man’s limbs crumpled unnaturally under his motionless body. The gun lay some two feet from his hand, but he wouldn’t be reaching for it, his lifeless eyes wide open and staring at nothing as blood slowly began to bloom across the rug from beneath his stained shirt.
“You should do it in different voices,” he said, grin broadening as Sherlock’s scowl deepened. “Like for all the different characters.”
“Fine,” Lestrade muttered with an irritated quiver of his head. “You know if he’s still in the building?”
Too much light filtered through Sherlock’s eyelids, his fingers twitching against a cool firm surface, and he frowned, creeping one eye open and blinking his surroundings into focus. The sideways image of the living room met his gaze, grey morning light pouring in the windows, and he was seized with a yawn, wincing as his cheek pulled away from the leather sofa. The blanket that had been tucked around him slipped down from his shoulders as he pushed up onto an elbow, running the opposite hand through his sleep-crumpled hair, a sound in the kitchen doorway drawing his attention.
John nodded, no longer trusting himself to speak without further adding to his humiliation. Sherlock’s response didn’t exactly answer all of his questions, but he’d already overstepped about a hundred boundaries, so he could figure the rest of it out another day. There was one thing he just couldn’t let go, however. “Your work?” he asked, twisting toward Sherlock as they walked along the concrete footpath. “Like…burning crisps?”
“I’ve known him longer than that,” she explained, her voice dipping to a hiss. “He’s in the med program. We’ve had classes together. Not many, mind you; he’s a few years older than me,” she added, shrugging a shoulder, her neck now starting to redden as well.
“Can Sherlock ride with us?” John asked as he held Sherlock at his side, and Sherlock barely heard Mrs. Hudson’s soft agreement, his head spinning as he gaped at the side of John’s face, watching it split with the boy’s brilliant grin. “Come on!” he then exclaimed, yanking Sherlock along as he effortlessly picked his way around divots of mud, his footsteps fast and sure as they made their way toward the hill his mother and sister had disappeared behind. “Do you like chocolate shakes?” he asked, his voice wobbling as they ran. “They make the
John swirled back, snapping his hand up to snatch at Sherlock’s tie, tugging the boy down to his mouth with a jerk of the blue fabric. The corridor probably wouldn’t be clear for long, so John made quick work of it, mouth shifting in a quick, rough press against Sherlock’s before he pulled away, swiping his tongue across the brunette’s bottom lip as he went, and Sherlock made a strangled whine of a sound that shook clear through John’s spine. “Yeah,” he breathed, tidying the knot of the tie before releasing it, smiling up at Sherlock’s dazedly blinking eyes, “you should definitely keep the tie.”
Sherlock grumbled, bobbing his head side-to-side in begrudging agreement as John chuckled over the rim of his cup.
this!? Come on, really, who are you?” he added, turning to John like they’d suddenly become best mates, but John only furrowed his brow, looking the man up and down.
“I clearly had to improvise,” he muttered, waving a hand back at the door, and John smiled, a chagrined curl of his lips. “Look,” he snapped into the stretching silence, “I don’t have a lot of time, so, if you’ve something to say-”
As they passed the windows, however, John suddenly stopped, whirling to catch Sherlock on the arm. “Give me a deduction!” he hissed urgently, prompting a dark eyebrow to curl up at him. “Something to say when I get in there.”
Sherlock smiled, staring at their hands as he hooked a pinky through John’s, swallowing down the lump compressing his voice. “So you-you’d want to, then? Move in?” He was grateful for the darkness, sure his face was well on its way to burgundy, not daring to look up as John shifted closer, his face fuzzy through Sherlock’s lashes.
“I don’t know!” the girl huffed, rolling her eyes as she whipped her arms in a frustrated gesture. “I don’t know, alright?! All I know is that it’s sitting at 65 degrees and dropping, and we don’t have near enough bodies in here to make
“Thank you, Mr. Hooper,” he replied with an unseen nod, his voice more stable, but also more brittle. “I-I appreciate you taking my call.”
“You could come down here, you know!” Sherlock sputtered, but John didn’t answer, only stomping harder on the floor overhead in childish protest. Sherlock glared at the ceiling, shaking his head, but couldn’t quite completely stifle his smile, something Mrs. Watson quickly noticed, giggling mockingly as she tossed a pillowcase at his face. Sherlock felt his cheeks burn, but said nothing, simply moving to a box in the corner of the room to remove a bare pillow, wrangling the pillowcase around the corners and shaking it into place.
going to get his aunt those candles—while Mycroft watched Sherlock, eyes narrowing on him before flicking to John. Mrs. Hudson, for her part, was peeling waffles off a large plate with a fork, plopping them onto the plate in front of Sherlock, and turned to John with a wide smile. She opened her mouth, but Mycroft beat her to it, although he most assuredly said something much different than what she had planned.
The temptation was there, but passed quickly, Sherlock no doubt noticing immediately if John attempted to linger, so he crossed to the lab, shutting that door behind him before leaning against it. His head thunked heavily against the wood, his eyes closing in time with the impact, and, for a long moment, he simply breathed, fingers forming a fist in the fabric of his shirt as he tried to quell the nausea in his stomach.
“Yes!” Sherlock bleated, because, however ridiculous, it was true. “The holidays aren’t as busy for hotels as you would think, and Mycroft sends a lot of business his way—visiting diplomats and the like—and I
“There’s a lot of talk about a new supplier out on the streets,” Ethan began, leaning across the table as if he and Lestrade were trying not to be overheard in a pub. “No one knows his name, no one has ever even seen him, but word is he’s pretty much running the whole drug scene now, eliminating his competition.” Ethan smirked, swinging one arm over the back of his chair in smug triumph. “That’s why he got in touch with me. Said he’d give me the guy who sold my sister her drugs if I took care of a few others for him first.”
John straightened, turning halfway back to Sherlock with a smug, knowing smile tugging at his cheeks. “Do you
John shook his head at her retreat, comfortable enough in the situation now to not be embarrassed by every little insinuation. He might even be prepared to call it a date; after all, Sherlock
When he came in on Wednesday, the café was packed, Sherlock almost convincing himself that vending machine coffee wasn’t that bad until John spotted him, flashing a bright grin before returning to shaking some sort of blended ice drink into a clear plastic cup. Escape no longer nearly as attractive an option, Sherlock instead joined the line, Molly buzzing through orders so quickly, he was giving his within only a matter of minutes.
Sebastian swallowed, proving himself the coward John had thought him to be, and then let out an airy, nervous laugh as he retreated backward, his face contorting with fear-laced fury. “You’ll call. You always did. Once an addict, always an addict,” he spat.
Which it still was, Sherlock supposed, but a much less bleak one than Ryan thought, so Sherlock sent a small smile back, trying to assuage some of the guilt written on the man’s face before returning his attention to where Molly was leaning back to release him. “Worried?” he echoed, and Molly stepped back to allow him to rise to his feet. “Why were you worried?”
John felt a flicker of fond pride in his chest, glad and grateful that Sherlock had at least tried to avoid putting him through this ambush. “Me?” he questioned, his eyebrows furrowing. “Why would you want to talk to me?”
“No one?” Mycroft prodded, lifting a brow, but Sherlock only twitched a shoulder, seemingly conceding the point, though John suspected it wouldn’t take long for Irene to surface if Sherlock were the one searching. “Well then,” he snipped, locking the briefcase and sweeping it off the table in one smooth motion, “keep me informed.”
“Sherlock, can you please just- Yes, that’ll be up in just a second, I’ve just gotta get this started.”
“Are you sure?” she asked, her expression concerned and caring, and not on a mother or father like it should have been.
“It’s fine, Sherlock!” he cried, lifting a hand to block the man’s approach as he shuffled a step back toward the door. “I get it, really! You can’t be seen rubbing shoulders with someone who wears an apron.”
Now the darkness had settled in around them long ago, early as the nights were approaching winter, and Sherlock had retreated into his mind palace, leaving John to quietly amuse himself. Well, he wouldn’t say quietly, exactly, many of his actions purposefully louder in hopes of disturbing the detective and bringing him back to the outside world, but, eventually, John gave up that particular endeavor and just read through the end of
With a frustrated sigh, he grabbed the laptop, placing it beside John’s legs as he turned around, stretching up the bed on his stomach. “They’re probably all idiots,” he muttered, clicking into the message box and beginning to scroll through the requests.
John bit at his lip, trying to stifle a grin. “No luck at the club last night?” he surmised, lifting a brow when Irene snapped her head up with a glare.
“So Moriarty is supposed to think John’s alive?” Lestrade pressed, blinking in befuddlement as Mycroft shook his head.
Sherlock was around the corner by the time he got through the gate, but John assumed he was heading toward town, so he turned to the right and kept running. Sherlock was still some distance in front of him, crossing the street with an abandon that made John cringe.
“Mrs. Hudson,” he confirmed, and then shook his head. “But I really should get home while I can still keep my eyes open.”
Sherlock stared at him a moment, and then laughed, a little hysterical with relief, and he bowed his head to his lap so he didn’t do something stupid, like hug him or- Well, worse. He shifted back, allowing John room as he made to sit up, but lunged forward again as soon as the other boy hissed in pain, leaning back and clutching at his side. “John!? Are you alright? Did he hit you?”
“Alright,” he said with a nod. “Well, if you get done early, just come over; it’ll only be Molly working with me by then. What time do we have to be at Irene’s thing?”
, Sherlock,” he said, closing the last of the distance between them that he could without it getting awkward, “because that’s what you are.” He smiled at Sherlock’s bemused frown, shrugging through some of the tension in his body before he concluded. “You’re a superhero.”
“Hmm?” Sherlock hummed, looking up to find John raising an eyebrow at him expectantly. “Oh, right, yes. I have an informant, works with a lot of high-profile people on
“You wanna fingerprint him too, Inspector?” John mocked, but Greg only narrowed his eyes with a stern look. “I don’t have a boyfriend,” John sighed, rolling his eyes like a disgruntled teenager between his two overbearing parents. “He’s just some guy, a friend of one of Molly’s old schoolmates.”
Sherlock chuckled, shaking his head around a slurp, sloshing the water around in his mouth before leaning forward and spitting into the toilet, too tired to be embarrassed. “Don’t think it would’ve mattered,” he admitted, taking a proper drink before leaning back against the tub, adjusting to place the cool surface on the bare back of his neck. “I drank...so much,” he groaned, eyes closing with a wince as John laughed. “So much.”
“True,” Sherlock affirmed, nodding softly. “It probably doesn’t get much worse than imaginary rain.”
John opened his mouth, a retort clearly ready on his tongue, but Sherlock cleared his throat, drawing the man’s attention.
Mycroft rolled his eyes, which was only slightly more irritating than the fact that John’s footsteps weren’t hurried.
“Please,” he said, waving down at the chair in front of his desk as he closed the door behind them, “have a seat.”
Mrs. Hudson still looked decidedly skeptical, brushing past John and walking to the foot of the stairs. “Sherlock?” she beckoned softly, her hand on the base of the railing as she leaned forward, those extra few inches apparently making all the difference in propelling her voice to his ears. “We’re going to get Thai food. Would you like-”
Mary smiled shyly, her fingers tapping against the edge of the table. “You like him, huh?” she murmured, looking up at him through her lashes.
“Sherlock, why would I be there decades from now?” He fixed the detective with a steady look, not daring to even blink in case he missed the moment that explained it all.
Mrs. Hudson did the majority of the talking for the remainder of the episode, slapping him on the arm in anxious triumph as the woman’s boyfriend was revealed, a massive man the jilted husband made no attempt to confront. Another rerun followed, a boring paternity case Sherlock solved within the first three minutes, Mrs. Hudson guessing endless wrong reasons for how he knew the man wasn’t the father.
“Don’t push it,” Sherlock interjected, his glare weakened by a slight curl at the corner of his mouth.
Sherlock groaned, turning away from the sofa and walking to the other side of the coffee table, pacing the empty expanse of floor between the half-open, glass doors that closed off the kitchen and the makeshift dining table in the living room. Unbidden, but not unsurprising, his mind turned back to the day before, which had all become somewhat hazy apart from the single, should-be-unremarkable incident at the shooting range. That’s what he was calling it, an incident, because that sort of negative connotation most definitely applied to any situation in which Sherlock Holmes experienced something he could not explain.
“Nothing,” John croaked, shaking his head for no one as he cleared his throat. “Nothing, Sherlock- Sherlock’s fine, he’s-he’s not here. I- Mycroft, it’s Moran.”
Sherlock’s knuckles cracked, his vision blurring as a steady stream of “NO NO NO NO NO!!” ran rampant through his mind, evaporating everything else.
Lestrade was still peppering Irene with questions John couldn’t be bothered to listen to, sure Irene wasn’t giving straight answers anyway, and he sighed out at the room, clapping his hands together and looking for something to occupy them with. His laptop was on the other end of the coffee table, the blinking light on the side indicating Sherlock had once again left it to sleep rather than turning it off, and John reached for it, flipping it open and greeted with the login screen.
He did not reply, and the man did not continue, several beats of tense silence undulating between them as Sherlock weighed running away versus turning around.
While Molly and Irene were invested in the game, cheering and booing with equal levels of enthusiasm, Sherlock was uncommonly still, only his head shifting side-to-side as he followed the game’s progress, grey eyes glinting with shrewd calculation even from where John stood meters away. Amidst the restless crowd, he ought to look out of place, a slim silent figure draped in black within a rolling sea of blue and white, but the effect was quite the opposite, Sherlock seeming more the eye of the storm than an uncomfortable participant. His spine was straight, his shoulders tense, the air crackling with every subtle shift of his head and furrow of his brow, and, when his eyes caught John’s across the pitch, it felt like lightning, John’s voice dying in his throat midway through the play call.
“Why do you do that?” John asked, anger edged around the question, and Sherlock heard him stand behind him as he gazed out the window.
“Um,” he mumbled, tapping at his lips with a napkin—actual linen, of all the ridiculous things. “It was this morning,” he said hesitantly. “About…About 4, I guess.”
“Really?” he pressed, trying not to look too relived when John nodded. “I thought- Molly said you were taking requests.”
Greg nodded in greeting, and then swung an arm out to the newcomer. “Sherlock, this is Mike Stamford, the prince’s assistant.”
“Oh, right,” she chuckled, shaking her head to clarity, and John thought he heard a faint, pained groaned from behind him through her laughter, but he wasn’t sure enough to glare again. “Yeah, we moved when I was 11,” she said, smiling as she tucked a strand of hair behind her ear. “For my dad’s job. Not right
John took a breath, blinking as he dropped his eyes to the ground. When he looked back up, shoulders lowered and spine straight, Sherlock knew it was too late, his mouth frozen from any attempt at stopping this by the steady blue gaze. “We can pretend…pretend none of this is happening”—he flicked a hand between them in a weak wave—“and have
Sherlock’s hands fumbled with his mobile, the plastic suddenly seeming greased as his eyes met unexpected but unmistakable blue ones.
Sherlock bit his lip to keep from laughing. “Sure,” he muttered, and John nodded, pulling his chair out and striding to the counter.
The message from Jeanette was still up when he swiped it open, thumb hovering over the screen, and Sherlock swallowed, an impassive smile already on his face by the time John glanced up at him.
“Took it off your wrist when I was positioning your arm,” Sherlock answered, smirking as he slid his hands into his pockets.
“I- What?” he murmured, swallowing in hopes of clearing his obviously defective eardrums. “A-Adorable?”
John glared briefly before shaking his head, rolling his eyes to the ceiling. “Fine. What am I looking at?” he muttered, flicking a hand over the series of photographs.
“Of course you get one,” John chuckled, eyes sparkling over a grin. “You’re part of the team too. See?” He turned the jacket over, pointing to where his last name should be stitched again, but it wasn’t there. Instead, the words ‘Consulting Coach’ were printed in large, white lettering, much more visible than the last names of the players.
“Alright, alright, I’m coming,” John urged, casting an apologetic glance up at Sherlock, and then looked back to the girl, a frown forming on his face. “Wasn’t that bra red earlier?”
Like hitting a wrong note in the climactic build of a symphony, the gentle atmosphere around them popped, disappointment flickering over John’s features before they were once again carved from stone.
Predictably, Mrs. Hudson had several places she needed to visit, Mark escaping to “park the car” for probably the entirety of their visit, and Sherlock and John plodding along behind her. As they were approaching Gap, Mrs. Hudson prattling on about some niece or other, Sherlock caught John’s eyes behind her back, flicking his eyebrows as he bobbed his head backward. John immediately nodded, eyes widening in relief.
“Oh, come now, John,” Sherlock said with the tiresome tone of trying to communicate with a toddler, “surely you don’t have to go through something as tedious as tryouts. You’re obviously going to make the team.”
John elbowed her in the arm, cutting off the serenade as the woman cackled, skittering away to grab the cranberry juice from the fridge. He shook his head after her, and then looked back out at the restaurant, eyes finding Sherlock’s already on him.
“The sofa cushion, John, really,” Sherlock muttered, trying to fight through John’s grappling arms. “Can you think of no more original hiding place?”
Sherlock grunted in what might have been an apology—but John doubted it—as he collapsed into the desk behind him, making an unnecessary amount of commotion.
She giggled lightly. “Yes, I had a single of history just before lunch. Kinda hard to concentrate though,” she added, her face wrinkling as she turned thoughtful.
There was a group of art students leaving out a door to his left, at least three of the men amongst them holding mobiles in their hands, and a gathering of fellow science students he had nevertheless never spoken to still seated at a table across the room from him, but it was impossible to say, none of them lifting their eyes from their screens to look at him, what would have been a telltale sign. The section unofficially cordoned off for the athletically inclined Sherlock didn’t even consider, mostly due to the fact that any lingering of his eyes in that general direction would result in accusations he didn’t have the time or energy to combat at the moment, but they were also engaged in very boisterous conversation, laughing and generally making a spectacle of themselves. It wasn’t exactly an environment he’d consider conducive to secretive texting, but, ever the scientist, he cast a cursory glance over the group, double-checking none of them were on their devices. There were a few mobiles out, mostly for the clear purpose of putting something on display for a gathering of onlookers, but Sherlock’s train of thought was abruptly derailed when his scanning eyes scraped to a stop on a particular blond head of hair.
Wordlessly, he extended an arm, twitching his fingers in beckoning, and Sherlock hesitated a token moment before complying, heartrate quickening before they’d even touched.
“Then help me!” Sherlock shouted, slamming the bottom drawer closed and rattling open the next. “Check the bookcase or something! Or leave.”
“No,” Sherlock replied sourly, but John had to suppress a sigh of relief. “I called Lestrade earlier, but all he had to offer were missing pets.” He grimaced at the apparently repulsive suggestion, causing John to chuckle.
“Why, John Watson,” he drawled, cocking his hip against the glass once more, “I thought you’d never ask.”
“No, I-I’d like to go,” Molly murmured with a nod. “There’s nothing I need to be up early for. Is there?” She frowned to Sherlock, who shook his head.
So, yeah, I'm not going to take up too much of your time, but there are a few people I need to thank for encouraging me, inspiring me, and generally talking me down from a nervous breakdown or two. Some of these are real names, some of them are usernames, and, if you want me to link your tumblr, take down your real name and switch it to your tumblr, or anything else like that, just let me know! ANYWAY, a massive thank you to Marisa, Amy, Eryn, Rosie, Hana, Olivia, Juliette, Saskia, Hannah, communionnimrod, AudreyWrites, morviarty, investigayting, and, last but not least, the loves of my life Erin and Alyssa. Truly, without all of you (and numerous others I probably forgot to mention or have yet to become best friends with) I would still be so alone, and I owe you so,
!” he wheezed, staggering a few steps to his right to brace himself on a shelf. “Space! Wars in space!”
getting those messages, don't get me wrong, but it is cluttering up my personal email a bit, so I made one especially for fic things! So, from here on out, if you have something you want me to beta/check out, or just wanna chat, email me at prettysherlocksoldier@gmail.com. If you already have my personal email, go ahead and keep using that, this is just going forward for whoever else wants to contact me in the future.
anything, Mycroft,” Sherlock spat, and then bit down firmly on the inside of his lip as he realized that was exactly the wrong thing to say. “And I’m not ‘fond’ of him. He’s…tolerable,” he added, shrugging as he crossed his arms over his chest.
“Of course,” the professor replied, moving past the window, and then bent low over the table to see the spot the student was pointing out in his notes, revealing the young man to Sherlock’s prying eyes.
“Yeah,” John answered for him, and Sherlock smiled at the fact that no one questioned it at this point, although Coach Powles did do his customary glance up just to be sure Sherlock was actually there.
“See, your mouth says no, but the fear in your eyes says yes,” he taunted, smirking as Sherlock swallowed. “Come on,” he cajoled, nodding toward the door, “I wanna get there early. I had a dream last night that the building kept moving and we had to chase it all over London.”
“John?” he pressed, and John held his eyes a moment longer before he sighed, opening the drawer back up and reaching a hand inside.
“And then, even if it is a closed system,” John continued, Irene promptly hitching an interested expression on her face as the blond lifted his chin, “the reverse reaction has to be significant. Otherwise, you still use the single arrow.” He tapped at another spot on the page, and then leaned back, lifting his brows at the woman. “Does that make sense?”
as their only large bowl hit the counter, a rustle of puffed corn and paper packaging, and then the clinking of bottles, the fridge door rattling shut as John reappeared in the living room, beer and popcorn in hand.
“Watch it or I’ll demote you to ringbearer,” John said, the trio making room for him as he joined the semicircle facing Sherlock, Émile slinging an arm over his shoulder and rattling him against his side.
“Last I heard.” Sherlock pulled his knees up in front of him, trying to conserve heat as he wriggled his chilled toes. “He never says anything specific, though. Apparently, it’s ‘confidential’.” He curled his fingers around the word, rolling his eyes, and John smiled, reaching behind him to grab the blanket off his chair and chuck it at Sherlock’s face.
“You’re ridiculous,” he chuckled, and Sherlock wondered if this was what John felt when he called him an idiot, the same silly smile that always stretched across the blond’s face now on his own in response to the insult. “Hey, you care if we skip the party?” he asked, Sherlock looking to his upturned face with a frown.
“Mr. Darcy,” John answered, stroking his thumb against the edge of the page as he glanced down again. “He’s talking to Elizabeth.”
Gently, John tapped on the man’s hip, gesturing for him to flip over, and Sherlock hastily tried to comply, John chuckling softly as his groggy limbs got caught in the sheets. He did eventually manage to flip himself over, however, exposing the evidence of the effect of John’s ministrations, but John ignored that for the moment, leaning up from where he knelt between Sherlock’s spread legs to click a chaste kiss to the man’s mouth.
John watched him a moment, eyes narrowing in consideration, and then relaxed, drawing in a deep breath. “Fine,” he sighed, reluctantly smiling back at Sherlock’s grin. “I-I always,” he muttered, his voice softer than Sherlock may have ever heard it. “I wanted to be a doctor,” he said all at once, looking up at Sherlock through his lashes like he’d dropped some cataclysmic bombshell, and Sherlock blinked, perplexed by the earnestness.
“No, we haven’t the time,” he mocked, ignoring John’s glare as he bent down to examine the lock—a combination of a numerical keypad and card reader. “I’ve uncovered evidence suggesting Mr. Curtis was having an affair with a woman named Elaine Blake, who, on top of her receptionist duties at this office, is also an avid rock climber.” He leaned back, panting twice on the strip of the card in his hand before polishing it on his sleeve. “So, you see, it’s quite obvious the only accident that befell Mrs. Curtis was marrying an adulterous murderer. I’d put that on, if I were you,” he added, nodding down at the glove in John’s hand as he swiped the card, beeping out a five-digit code on the keypad with his own gloved hand. “Lestrade looks the other way on most things, but a fingerprint match might be pushing even his tenuous limits.”
“Oh?” he taunted, tilting his head in faux inquiry. “And you know me better than I do how, exactly?”
When he appeared to be comfortable with his distance, he nodded, and Sherlock didn’t waste any time, bringing the bat down hard in a slice to the side of Anderson’s face.
John smiled, giving his arm a firm squeeze before retracting his hand, Sherlock firmly suppressing the pang of loss that shattered across his chest. “Okay,” he said softly, and then rose to his feet. “I’m gonna run down to the common room and make some tea. You wanna order pizza when I get back? I can run down to the gate and pick it up?”
The shorter man’s face twisted, all rage and murder, and then smoothed out again before it curled into a smile that sent chills up even Moran’s hardened spine. “Wants to be difficult, does he?” he muttered, seemingly to himself. “Very well, we’ll change our approach. He’ll break eventually. You ordinary people all do in the end, crippled by your petty
“You could read it yourself,” John suggested, chuckling as Sherlock grimaced. “Alright, alright, I’ll catch you up. Go through those emails while I read, though, okay?”
. “I didn’t say the first one was wrong,” he remarked, and Lyle shrugged a shoulder, the sleeve of his paint-smeared shirt shifting against his dark skin, a few streaks of blue also added to his arm for extra authenticity.
“But I didn’t,” he said softly, pausing a moment to allow Sherlock the chance to bolt before venturing closer. “And it’s not- You were”—he dropped his head, stopping a few feet short of Sherlock’s back, guilt prickling hot at his throat—“grieving.”
“Seems to like you,” John added, hoping Sherlock would catch his direction and spare him from asking.
Absolute silence stretched out endlessly around them, so quiet, John could hear his pulse pounding in his ears. He realized his mouth was hanging open, but couldn’t seem to summon enough brain power to close it, too transfixed by the grey eyes that seared into his skull.
John chuckled, grinning as the glowering detective lifted the phone to his ear. “Fair enough,” he allowed, and Sherlock gave him a parting huff before John turned back to his clothes, his smile refusing to be wiped.
“I have faith in you,” he said flatly, looking back to the screen as John laughed loudly at his side.
Checking his watch, he grabbed his book bag up off the floor, sliding his mobile off his desk and opening the front pocket to toss it inside. He paused, looking down at the phone in his hand, and then glancing back over to his laptop.
“No, I think I got it,” he spat. “The spread-eagle fresher on the bed explained things quite thoroughly.”
“You were really good though,” John mused, and Sherlock’s eyes fluttered shut as the tan fingers pushed back through his hair. “If I didn’t already say.”
“Wow,” the dark-haired man at his side murmured, and John turned back. The man tilted his head thoughtfully up at him, eyes searching shrewdly over his face. “How did you know?” he asked, and John shrugged.
“Yeah, I can’t imagine how hard that is for you,” she muttered, rolling her eyes, and John fell silent, clenching his jaw as he glared. “Now, turn around,” she ordered, twisting her finger in the air. “One of your pairs of trousers fits you
The group burst into laughter, Sebastian’s jaw dropping as Irene smirked around a smug drag of her cigarette, but Sherlock only smiled obligingly, leaning further into the chain-link fence at his back.
“I know,” John wheezed, wiping at his eyes where they were seemingly permanently creased by a grin. “And it was adorable.”
“She’s something, isn’t she?” Greg said softly at his side, smiling at his reaction, Sherlock collecting himself enough to quirk a brow.
“Okay?” John asked, turning his head as he grabbed Sherlock slung-over arm at the wrist, securing it firmly against his shoulder.
a shame to give away all the best bits. Dampen the childlike wonderment and what have you.” He rolled his hand through the air, as if gesturing to hopes and dreams physically hovering there around them.
“You don’t have to,” John urged, leaning in again as Sherlock hung his head, pushing his fingers up into his curls. “I-I shouldn’t’ve- I wasn’t thinking, I just-”
“What the-!” he spouted, but got no further, Sherlock rushing in with a blur of dark hair and wild eyes as he crashed into John, pinning him hard to the plaster before smashing their lips together. John responded instinctively, one hand moving to Sherlock’s waist before he’d even registered what was going on, and his stomach swept up in a flutter, somewhat unaccustomed to the affection.
a ten-minute drive,” he mocked, laughing as John scoffed and slammed the door, and he was still chuckling when John slipped into the driver’s seat, turning the key in the ignition and twisting on the headlamps. “You really don’t have to do this, you know,” Sherlock said, smiling shyly up at him just before John shifted into reverse. “I mean, you’re already home, and it’s a straight shot on the tube from here to Baker Street.”
Gold and silver glitter glue was everywhere, zigging and zagging in haphazard strokes around a smaller white heart pasted in the center, a short message written in pencil across the limited clean canvas, and Sherlock must have read it three times before he could believe it was really there at all.
Devon gaped as he finished, and John had already pressed his face into his palm about halfway through. “Blimey,” Devon breathed. “How do you-”
A ball had hit the chain-link a few meters from where they stood, one of the impromptu lunchtime games on the lawn having apparently stretched beyond its bounds, and Sherlock barely had time to find the oblong leather object in the grass before it was being snatched up, tan hands protruding from the telltale blue-and-white-striped cuffs of the school’s rugby team jackets to pluck it from the ground.
It was a mark of how good a liar he was that the statement sounded resigned as opposed to eager, that it gave no hint to the fact that he memorized the feel of the leather as he tried to press fingerprints into John’s sleeves, traced a hand over the embroidered ‘Watson’ as he twisted the jacket in his hands, lingered on shifting the too-short sleeves up his arms and over his shoulders, turned his head just slightly to inhale the tea and grass and…was that curry? on the collar. He sounded bitter and grumpy and defeated, and that was much better than giving any hint to the atom bomb currently mushrooming where his lungs used to be.
“Why do you keep assuming I don’t want to be around you?” John asked bluntly, no jest on his expression when Sherlock snapped down to it, thunderstruck.
After a weekend of John “mother hen-ing”, as Donovan had put it at the crime scene on Saturday (a kidnapping Sherlock had deemed painfully dull and quickly revealed had been paid for by the father, who was about to lose custody of the children in the divorce), Sherlock had finally put his foot down, which was how John found himself working into a panic attack on Wednesday afternoon. It was 3:45, 15 minutes after double English had ended, and Sherlock had not been in class. Nor was he in the dorm or anywhere on the lawn, where John was currently sitting with Mary and desperately trying to focus on what she was saying rather than why Sherlock wasn’t answering his texts.
Up to a point, that was true, Mycroft’s men having barged into his dormitory mere moments after John had ended the call, unceremoniously dragging him out, a hand he’d been tempted to bite clasping over his mouth when he’d tried to ask where they were going.
“Yep!” John confirmed, beaming with false optimism as he reappeared in the corridor, a piece of toast clasped in his hand. “Here’s hoping all those fun Black Death facts you’ve been throwing around stuck.”
There was the sound of a door opening, and, a moment later, Sherlock appeared at the top of the stairs. His arms were crossed, his lower lip pushed out slightly in a pout as he glared glittering, silver daggers down at John.
know!” He gripped the railing at the back of the lift as he leaned against it, angrily huffing down at the floor.
A key was turning in the lock as he landed in his desk chair, spinning it quickly toward the window. The door opened, and he caught the reflection of a silhouetted figure in the glass in front of him. With a quick push of his foot, he spun the chair, hands folded in his lap as he straightened his back.
“It would if we wanted to fool them,” Mycroft replied, almost throwing the dirty dishes into the oven, “but, as it is, we need them to be suspicious. They have to appear concerned.”
Mycroft smiled, and even his teeth somehow seemed to glitter with malice. “Wonderful to see your traumatic ordeal has had no effect on your wit.”
“I think Lestrade has pictures,” Sherlock replied, not the slightest bit chagrined, and he grinned broadly as John set back into fits of laughter.
Sherlock snorted, pulling the book from his bag and passing it across the table to her. “Anything you can do about regaining my dignity?” he muttered, and Molly frowned, quiet for a moment before proceeding to needle him into the whole story, an act he instantly regretted.
Sherlock sneered at him, unamused, and John sucked his lips around a smug grin. “Yes,” the brunette snapped. “Plenty. Only one malfunctioned.”
guy, John,” she stressed in a whisper, and he was obliged to smile up at her even as he kept his eyes from focusing. “I hope we can still be friends.”
And then, when even Sherlock didn’t see a way for things to get worse, John had to go and confront him about it with such clear hurt in his eyes, Sherlock still couldn’t think about it a week later without feeling like he’d been broadsided by a lorry. Of course, John wasn’t helping matters.
still be obsessing over them, of course, any interest in the cold cases only a placating pantomime, because there was only one case for Sherlock Holmes, now and until it was solved.
Sherlock paused in his writing, John’s pencil hovering still over the paper. Slowly, he turned his head, lifting an eyebrow, as if to silently ask if John was making this decision on purpose.
“Or Romanticism,” he added, the left side of his mouth twitching up, his gaze erratically shifting between Sherlock’s and the floor.
ring the brothel doorbell.” He swung a hand out at the black door with a Cheshire grin, and Sherlock glared as he swept past, effect dampened slightly without his coat.
Sherlock laughed, a shrill, breathy thing he quickly cut off with a clearing of his throat. “I—I don’t…know.”
“No, nothing, it’s just-” he chuckled, rattling his head again before lifting his sparkling eyes to John’s. “You were peeping on me.” He collapsed into laughter again, John watching him with a confused mix of embarrassment and offense.
“So you tell me,” he replied, and Sherlock laughed, not noticing the door had opened until he heard Mrs. Watson’s voice.
“John,” Sherlock hissed, his stinging eyes meeting searching blue ones, “leave it alone.” He tried to keep his expression in check, but the moment was already out of his hands, and he watched the understanding crest in John’s eyes, his tan skin paling as his grip grew slack.
Contrary to what he’d learned in psychology, the return trip seemed to take longer than the first, Sherlock’s deep voice and shy smiles missed in the quiet darkness of the car, but at least he didn’t need to explain his absence to Mike, the man already asleep by the time he crept into the flat, toeing his shoes off at the door and heading to his room. He quickly prepared for bed, knackered after his early shift, but, just before burrowing his head into the pillow and closing his eyes, he sent a single text, the day not quite feeling finished without it.
So, he would distance himself. He would be ugly and unfair and cruel, and John would hate him and be safe.  It was the quickest solution, the plan with the highest rate of success, and Sherlock’s stomach rolled every time he thought of it, but it threatened to rush up his throat when he considered the alternative. He pictured white sheets and fluorescent lights, a strained Lestrade avoiding eye contact as he nodded to the coroner to peel down the covering for Sherlock to identify the body, and, with all his experience at crime scenes, Sherlock could imagine the injuries marring John’s tan skin all too easily. He could not allow that to happen, no matter how many wounds
