“So this previous employer of yours made Sherlock do something?”
Merry Christmas.  I am here enjoying a slice of your delicious Christmas cake and wishing I were home, to be there to share a piece with you.  It was huge and had enough for the whole squad to have a slice and some left over for me to keep for myself too.  It was so kind of you and everyone was very appreciative.
“Real.”
John felt elated, both from Sherlock’s comments and the way he was looking at him, so he undressed slowly, allowing Sherlock to look his fill at each stage, knowing he would need time to absorb all the new data presented to him.  It didn’t hurt that it was ramping the tension up a bit further either, John loving the way Sherlock’s eyes roved over his body and Sherlock loving that he was finally getting to see John in all his glory.  He was desperate to focus on that scar, to examine all that had been done to John, but that would keep for another time.  There was something else he was more desperate to see now and John had finally got that far.
“Well, we shall see, shan’t we?”
The way Sherlock groaned his name as he pushed his body forward was too much for John to resist and he quickly took the head of Sherlock’s shaft into his mouth, swallowing as much as he could until his nose reached the pubic hair at the base.  After another groan from Sherlock, John let out a shout of his own as he felt heat surrounding his own cock as Sherlock engulfed him.  The pair of them proceeded to suck each other, alternating between deep thrusts and licking around the head and tonguing the slit.
John kissed Sherlock again and grinned.  “Well, that took a slightly deeper turn than I was expecting.  Shall we leave the sentiment behind for a moment and focus on other things?”
“I take it that the little situation in Macedonia, about which I have just been informed, is down to you.”
"Oh yes, that's a great idea and, of course, I choose you."  John grinned and was only a little disappointed when Sherlock started with his shoe.  He could be patient; he tried to convince himself of that at least.  "Next question, come on."
“You’ve done a grand job there, John, Sherlock; well done.”
"I suppose I'd better get dressed and head back; the others will be here soon."
Sherlock,
“Sherlock, would you mind playing for me tonight please?  I feel like hearing something with a bit more of the personal touch.”
Sherlock scanned the room.  The stepladder that he and John had used was in the corner, where they had left it, so anyone would have been able to reach the chandelier to tamper with it.  Access wouldn’t have been a problem.  In fact, he could still see an indent in the carpet, which was slightly further over than where he had placed the ladder when he, himself, had climbed up, so that was definitely the means.  He and John had been the last to arrive to rehearsal today, as they had been caught by Mike on their way over, so he didn’t know in which order the others had arrived.  He wasn’t able to tell who might have been in the room on their own; though the person could have come in even earlier and then come back in to the room after some of the others had turned up, so that wouldn’t have been definite proof of anything anyway.
"So, these were actually the hunting grounds of Jack the Ripper?"
Message sent: May 15, 05:30 am.
This time Sherlock blushed in earnest and Mycroft took pity on his brother, indicating the buffet.
Major Metcalf –                          Played by John Watson
“Um, well, my best friend… um, died recently.  It’s taking me a while to get used to his loss.”
I have just left you at the station and getting on that train and seeing you disappearing behind me was one of the saddest things I’ve done.  I know everything is moving so fast and people might say it is stupid to feel this strongly after only a week but it was the most intense week I have ever spent and you are the most amazing person with whom I could ever have spent it.
“Really?”
The piece he had written had two main themes which played off against each other; one taking the lead, then the other following merrily behind.  The two would often swap places, taking turns to carry the main tune, but they always came together at the end of each part.  As Sherlock was nearing the end, the lower, slower theme played a greater role and had a plaintive feel to it; as if yearning for something it was missing and Sherlock put all of his feelings of loneliness in to it.  He hadn’t been able to leave it there, though, because he had known he would be seeing John tonight, so he had brought the second theme back in again to end with a quizzical kind of note; hoping that John would understand what he meant to him and how having him here was what brought everything together.
By Joolz
“Now who doesn’t know their own worth?”
“What are you talking about?  Are you trying to come on to me?  Because if so, I have to say I’m flattered but not interested, thanks.”
“You’re fine, John.”
He slid his mouth over the top and sucked gently, getting a feel for it.  It was a pure contradiction – so hard and yet so soft at the same time.  He loved it.  He curved his lips, just like he’d seen the girl do and he moved his mouth down the shaft, wanting to go all the way down until his lips brushed John’s pubic hair.  Unfortunately, he’d only just got past halfway when the tip hit the back of his throat and he pulled back quickly as he felt himself about to choke.  Okay, that would obviously take practise; maybe start off a bit slower.  He went back to just taking in the head and made do with moving his mouth up and down to the middle, using his hand to cover the rest of John’s cock.  Oh yes, that was working well.  He loved the sounds that imaginary-John was making.  If only he could hear that in real life.  He would keep those sounds in his mind palace and remember them always as that would be the best for which he could hope.
"Be nice, Sherlock.  Greg is our friend and you don't want to be kept out of any cases, do you?"
“You’re the ones who’ll be in trouble for beating up on a little kid.”
"I... I'm not embarrassed; just surprised, that's all, and flattered, I guess."
"Sherlock, please."
“Alright, smart arse.  You know what I mean.”  John smiled back.  “If it’s always like that when you bite someone, why would you ever not?”
“Well, this is what I like to see; ready, willing and able, John?”
“How did you survive the fall?”
“Sherlock… this is… this is just amazing.”
He moved on to the other people from the year above that he had not really encountered before.
“You’re in a military hospital with a shoulder injury; you’ve obviously been in a war zone, in a hot country judging by the colour of your skin, so Afghanistan or Iraq, then.”
He loved leaning in to John when they were watching frivolous rubbish on the telly.  He would settle in the corner with John sat between his legs, resting back against his chest.  He would tilt his head to rest on John’s shoulder, cheek against his hair and just breathe in John’s scent.  His arms would wrap around John and every so often John would turn his head and press a soft kiss against his cheek.
Sherlock sat himself on the bench in front of John.  He reached out his hand and took hold of the towel around John’s neck.  He used it to pull John forward and captured his lips, wanting to taste that mouth he’d been thinking about all day.  John’s hand came up to his neck and slid into the hair at his nape, tugging lightly at the strands as he pressed little kisses across Sherlock’s lips.  They alternated soft pecks with deep, drugging kisses that had them panting in each other’s mouths for breath which they shared between them.
"You're too kind.  I'll just go and get it then."
“Well, like he said, he had to jump to save you, didn’t he?  They had to see him dead so you’d be safe or they’d be after you again.”
Well that was everyone.  It seemed Sherlock would have a busy evening enlightening John as to what he had deduced when they finished here.
"Hi Sherlock.  Thanks for coming.  It's great to finally meet you.  I didn't think Greg would ever get you to agree.  What can I get you to drink?"
“Well, I’m here now, John, so you can stay there and let her get back to her work.”
John blushed and smiled shyly at the compliment.  “Well, the real talent was yours for writing it in the first place.”
“Just tell me now if you’re leaving me please, John.”
“Good point.  Is there something you’ve always wanted to try that doesn’t involve complicated gymnastics?”
"Oh, is she coming tonight, then, how lovely; I was hoping I would get to meet her at some point?"
"It isn't that bad, honestly.  You'll be stronger, rapid recovery from injury, heightened senses, immortality... me...; if that's something you still want?"
John worked Sherlock open slowly, enjoying the noises he was drawing from him.  When he couldn't take it any longer he moved to get a condom but Sherlock stilled his hand.
Thanks for the kudos.  Things heat up a little in this chapter.  Hope you enjoy.
He made his way out to the rugby pitch.  It wasn't somewhere he'd ever been before but he was willing to make this exception for John.  The boys were just coming out of the changing rooms as he arrived and he saw John joking with a couple of others as they ran down towards the pitch.  John’s eyes were scanning the field as he came across and his face lit up when he saw Sherlock standing to one side.  He grinned and nodded to him and Sherlock bobbed his head slightly back to acknowledge that he’d seen him.
John snorted.  “As if you needed anything else to bolster your ego.”
"Is that a problem?"
Anyway, keep yourself well and I hope to hear from you soon.
Nothing seemed to improve as the week progressed.  John was busy every evening with his friends or with Mary.  He sat with them at lunch time and, though he said Sherlock could join their table, he never offered to move so that he could sit by him or move to another table to spend time alone with him.  After a few days Sherlock just stopped asking and didn’t even bother going to the canteen at all.  His appetite had disappeared anyway and if John wasn’t going to insist he eat then he certainly wasn’t going to do so on his own.
“Hardly so common!  I have consulted for Scotland Yard; you don’t imagine they hire amateurs.”
"Would you like it to be?"
John grabbed his shirt and trousers and ran down the stairs, throwing on his clothes as he went.  He pushed his feet into his shoes as he ran towards the door and suddenly Sherlock was standing in front of him.  John staggered back, looking behind him towards the stairs.  How on earth had Sherlock got in front of him?  Sherlock held his arms out in front of him, trying to calm John down.
Greg blushed and looked down.  John reached across and lifted his chin.
“Second most stubborn,” John butted in.  Sherlock frowned and then smiled and shrugged.
“The only time we really need fresh blood from the source, as it were, is if we are injured.  An infusion of warm blood direct from the host provides immediate healing and replenishes whatever has been lost.  I knew that if John drank straight from you as I removed the crossbow bolt he would instantly heal and we would be able to get out of there before anyone else arrived and saw that he had been injured.  I wanted to purposely avoid hospitalisation; it makes for a lot of awkward questions and necessary obfuscation.”
John blushed.  “How long have you known?”
“You flatterer.  I’ll let you off then.”  Sherlock gave a small smile at the worried look on John's face.  "Relax, I'm teasing you.  It is obvious to me that, though you respect and like Greg, you don't feel anything more for him."
“I thought that Sherlock was dead, that’s what I thought.  How was I supposed to think anything else – he jumped off a bloody roof!”  John shouted, banging his clenched fists against his sides.
Sherlock hadn’t moved.  He was still standing at the window looking towards where John had gone.  He didn’t know what he was going to do now.  He wanted John and that’s all there was to it.  Of course, he knew John would be shocked at finding out his secret, but he’d thought that John would be able to get past it and accept what he was.  Now he wasn’t so sure.  Surely he would have been back by now if he was coming?  It was nearly dawn; Sherlock could always sense the sun rising by his very nature.  John.  John.  The word was just circling in his head.  He wanted John to come back.  He wanted John, full stop.
The thief took off with Sherlock and John close on his heels.  He skidded slightly as he turned left into the exact alley Sherlock had predicted.  As they rounded the corner themselves, John spotted an abandoned empty beer bottle lying by the side of some bins.  He hefted it in his hand to gauge the weight, flipped it round to hold it by the neck and flung it in the thief's direction.  It turned end over end as it flew through the air and landed right on the back of the criminal's head.  He crashed to the ground and Sherlock was on him a moment later with his knee in the middle of his back, pulling his arms behind him to hold him in place.
They pulled up in front of the house as Sherlock was busy explaining what vessels they had in the boat house.  John was a little overwhelmed by the very obvious level of wealth enjoyed by Sherlock's family; even more so as the butler came out to welcome them home, along with a footman to gather their bags and a chauffeur to take the car around to the garage.
“I am a Consultant.”
As evening approached Sherlock started getting anxious.  He didn’t get up to pace as his body was shouting at him to do because he didn’t want to miss the slightest flicker from John.  He was holding tightly on to John’s hand and his other hand was twitching on his knee, his foot bouncing impatiently.  It was nearly time; surely it must be by now; how much longer?
“What?!  Why would you get men?”
"An adjoining room?  Just how big is your house exactly?"
"What?  How did you know I played rugby?"
The paramedics moved in and gently lifted Sherlock out of John’s arms.  Even with the care they took, Sherlock still cried out in pain and John was beside him in an instant asking the crew what pain meds they had so he could ease Sherlock’s journey to the hospital.  When they had settled Sherlock in the rig John climbed in too, not willing to let his friend out of his sight.  Mycroft had obviously cleared the way for him because the paramedics said nothing; neither did the staff at the hospital when Sherlock was whipped straight in to one of the emergency rooms.
"You were telling me not to scare him a minute ago, John, why do you get to put everything on display?"
“You know that is their job, Sherlock.”
“Fine, you go there, and I will finish the errands I have and meet you back at the car.”
Sherlock blushed.  It never got old.  The way John would just hand out praise so readily when anyone else would get mad at him, was always surprising and pleasing.  Sherlock slid his fingers over the exit wound, feeling the differing textures of skin around it.  John twitched and bit his lip.
“Sherlock.”
“I did, I know I did, but do you have to miss the best bits?”
“Sherlock, are you ok?  John!  What’s happened?”
I can’t tell you how relieved I was to get your letter and know that I hadn’t spoilt everything with my outburst.  Does this mean I can officially call you my boyfriend now instead of it just being in my head?
When they arrived back from their ride, they had a cooked lunch in the kitchen with the Carstairs.  Sherlock said they would just make themselves some sandwiches later, when they felt like it, so the Carstairs could go on home and have the evening to themselves.  It didn’t take much to persuade them, since they had been working flat out with all these extra guests and the parties.  They both had a soft spot for Sherlock, so were happy to oblige him.
“Now, John, I’m close.”
“Do you expect me to talk?”
“Indeed.”
“You do, it’s yours, John, all yours.”
“That was so hard to stop, but I didn’t want to let you down.”
“I know I should go to bed but I don’t feel comfortable leaving you on your own on the first night out from the hospital.”
“Oh now that’s just unfair.”  They both laughed.  “A simple kiss will suffice for now, thank you, and we can go from there.”
Sherlock spent the rest of the weekend catching up on everything that had been happening in his city whilst he’d been away.  He ate with Mycroft again on Saturday evening with Mycroft filling him in on how the Moriarty empire-ending business had been dealt with from this end.  Mycroft knew Sherlock could tell where he had personally intervened to ease Sherlock’s way, but everything had been played out through other agencies to disguise these instances for security purposes.
By Joolz
“Very sneaky, but a nice surprise.  We’ll have to make the most of it and go out for a ride each morning.  Have you done jumps as well as flat racing?”
"I'm afraid that it's true as I'm sure you'll discover very quickly.  In fact, shall we just get this over with and then you can punch me or leave, whichever you prefer."
John put his hand on Sherlock’s arm to stop the vitriolic retort he could see bubbling up.  “Sherlock is excellent at everything he does and I could want for no-one better to see to my injuries.  Now we won’t stay where we are going to be insulted.  If you want our statements you can come round for them later, Greg, but please come on your own.  We only allow discerning company in to our house.”
“Well, the width of the area and the scatter pattern tells me that the exit wound was here at the front so you were obviously shot through the single hole in the back.  The angle of entry tells me that you were kneeling down at the time, most likely leaning over a patient.  I would posit that it was an insurgent sniper who attacked you after your patrol was caught by an IED and you were treating the wounded.”
John hadn’t forgotten the challenge he had accepted when Sherlock had given him that first amazing blow job.  When John had offered to reciprocate, Sherlock had stated that there was no need as he had full control over his body.  John had promised that he would prove him wrong and had been planning all sorts of things to drive Sherlock absolutely crazy.  He had decided that today was the day.
"I couldn't give a fuck about your findings.  You do not fucking bite me unless I am fucking awake and a willing participant to the preceding events.  I am not some kind of bloody toy for you to experiment on."
John had been with the RAMC and had been seconded to provide medical cover to a Special Forces mission team going in to a hostage rescue situation.  They had got the hostages safely out of the building where they were being held, after John had patched up the injuries of the walking wounded.  The worst was a soldier with a knife wound to the stomach so, after packing the injury and applying tension bandages, John and one of the rescue team rigged up a stretcher and carried him to their destination.  Unfortunately, when they were almost back to their evacuation point, they were targeted by a rogue shooter and John took a bullet to the shoulder.  The team took out the assailant before he could attack the in-bound chopper and they were able to drag John on-board and apply pressure whilst they headed back to base.  He was taken straight in to surgery and they managed to sew up his wounds but the ricochet from the bullet against the bone had caused some nerve damage and left him with a slight tremor in his hand.
“Good.”
“Oh, Sherlock.”
“You need to let me in on this, Mycroft.  I can help him, you know I can.”
“I’m not sure.  I promised not to let myself know what you said and you went ahead and told me that you loved me.”
He slowly came back to himself to realise that none of it was real.  He was warm, it was true, and he could smell Sherlock, but it wasn’t the incomparable man himself; it was merely the coat, within which, he had been cocooned as he’d fallen asleep on the sofa.  The disappointment hit him all over again and he hugged the coat to him, not wanting to lose the tiny piece of Sherlock he had left.
“Good evening.  I’m Greg Lestrade and this is John Watson; I believe you’re expecting us.”
I don’t think I’ve ever tried to delete anything from my head, nor wanted to really.  How do I know if I’m ever going to need it again?  Maybe if I deleted something today, I might need it tomorrow and then where would I be.  It’s exciting to learn new things all the time so I think I’ll keep my memories where they are for now, thanks.
“I can’t re…ssssist you.”
That was as far as he got before his eyes rolled up into his head and he dropped to the floor; out like a light.
The main facility was underground and Sherlock was taken down in the lift and insisted he knew the way when he got out on to the correct floor.  He nodded at Anthea as he went past and opened Mycroft’s door without knocking.
“I don’t remember receiving a call.”
Well that really brought things down, didn’t it, sorry about that.  On a happier note – well, happier for me; I’m not sure you’ll be particularly bothered - we have cake!  One of my mates just got a large parcel from his girlfriend back home.  He had biscuits, chocolate, sweets and two cakes so we’re having home-made Victoria sponge for tea.  You can’t beat a nice bit of cake, especially coffee, out here.  The rations are filling enough, of course, but they don’t cater beyond the basics.
John swallowed a little with very weak sucks at Sherlock’s wrist and then his mouth just stopped and fell slack against Sherlock’s skin.  Sherlock grabbed John to him and held him tight as he felt John’s heart beat for the last time.  He buried his face in John’s hair and rocked him, praying to anyone that would listen that John would come back to him.
"It's only three weeks 'til the performances.  Do you guys think I should cancel to be on the safe side?"
It didn’t take too long for Greg to wake up and when he did he felt the two heads lying on his chest.  His hands came up to rest on the bodies encompassing him and he stroked down their backs as far as he could reach.  John and Sherlock turned their faces up to look at him and he smiled at them both.
“John,” he croaked.
"I want that, too, Sherlock.  So much.  I know I've had girlfriends, but I haven't done this with a boy before either and I really want to try it all with you."
“I have it safe, don’t worry.”  He reached into his pocket and drew out a thick cloth and gave it to Sherlock.  “It looks quite fresh.  Do you think you’ll be able to tell how it died?”
Sherlock let Greg slip out of his mouth but he kept hold of him with his hand, lining himself up so that he could fit his hand around both of their cocks as he stroked them together.  He made his way up the bed so he was lying facing Greg, gave him a quick kiss then held his head up so he could reach the lower side of his neck.  John latched on to the upper side and they both sucked on the skin, making more love bites until they could feel that Greg was ready.
When they reached the bottom of the stairs and looked around it was clear that this area was inhabited.  There was a light under the door to their right and also another at the end of the corridor.  It sounded like the noise from a TV behind this first door so they pushed a tiny camera under the door to scan the room.  There was a TV switched on in the corner and a sofa and chair in front of it.  One man was lying on the sofa, seemingly asleep, so they crept in and one of the team leaned over and covered the man’s mouth so he couldn’t make a noise whilst another injected him with a compound which would keep him out of action for a couple of hours before tying him up so he couldn’t interfere, no matter how long they took.
Sherlock reached for Greg’s hand and pulled the fingers to his own lips and sucked them deeply into his mouth, tasting the small drop of blood as he fellated the fingers.  Greg moaned again and his head fell back against Sherlock’s shoulder.
John put his hand out to shake Sherlock’s to seal the deal.  He didn’t let go though; he pulled Sherlock up towards him and patted the bed.
“Yes.  I would have to agree that I am up for it.  I rather imagined you would be the one restrained when we spoke about it before, but I’m happy to accede to your wishes now if you will do the same for me on another occasion.”
“’Course.”
He insisted he needed to show John the entrance to the caves in which he had loved to play in his younger days so they strolled along the edge of the sea, the waves rolling over their bare feet and tickling their toes.  John could see how keen Sherlock was to go exploring once more and he promised they would come back later in their stay when they could both enjoy it to the full and Sherlock reluctantly agreed.
What difference would it make to Sherlock if John was well when his plans came to fruition?  Surely whatever plan he had enacted had already finished and how did he expect John to be fine after what he’d had to face?  Seeing all that blood; his friend’s lifeless body splayed on the pavement – that wasn’t something he could just shrug off.  He saw it every night in his nightmares.  He supposed at least he wasn’t re-living the war ones any more but these ones were so much worse.  He always woke up shouting Sherlock’s name; reaching out to stop him from jumping and feeling like such a failure when the image burned onto his waking visage was that of his friend – dead, once more.
“What use will a police inspector and a retired medical officer be to us?”
Over the next few days John found himself eating a little more of what Mrs Hudson put in front of him, and he even put the kettle on himself once to make a cup of tea.  Of course, he completely ruined it by making two cups and it was only when he was putting in the sugar for Sherlock’s tea that he realised what he’d done.  He quickly poured both drinks down the drain and dropped the cups in the sink, not wanting to even acknowledge what he had done.  He went back to the sofa and sat down, his thirst disappearing with his despair; though he did press his hand against his shirt pocket feeling the secure location of the letter that had never left his side since its discovery.
“Yes and Diazepam wasn’t a component of her cupboard either; I had a good look when she got your tablets.  That means it has to be something for the Doctor to prescribe, if it was needed, so it must have been for specific use for a person here, or they’ve got it from somewhere else, either off campus or maybe even brought from home.”
The next afternoon Sherlock was waiting outside John's classroom for him to come out.  They headed over to the workshops where the woodwork studio was located.  Mr Johnson was just finishing his class so they waited until the younger children had been dismissed and then went in.
When they got back to Sherlock’s house, John barely had time to thank Mycroft for the lift before he was being dragged inside and towed upstairs.  Mrs Holmes was standing in the hall as they walked through and John shouted hello to her as they went past; Sherlock stopping for nothing or no-one.  They eventually got up to Sherlock’s room and he slammed the door shut behind John and pushed him up against it.
“I’m glad my pain could be put to such good use.  I hope you both enjoyed it.”
“I thought I saw something.”
“You’ll do no such thing.  Come on.”
John moved his fist faster and swiped his thumb over the heads on each upstroke.  That pushed Sherlock over the edge and he cried out John’s name as his body held still for a moment before he was shooting his release all over their stomachs.  John held him through it and the blissful expression on Sherlock’s face urged him on to his own climax with a few more strokes.
“She was my girlfriend when we walked in but she isn’t any more; there’s someone else.”
“That’s a great idea; it’ll make everything so much easier.  Do you have any tape?”
John laughed and watched as Sherlock released Greg’s fingers and turned his head so that he could capture his lips and share their first kiss.  John took the opportunity to finish unfastening Greg’s shirt whilst he was occupied with Sherlock.  He pulled it open and ran his fingers down Greg’s chest, enjoying the tickle of the soft hairs, so different to Sherlock’s almost hairless chest.  John circled Greg’s nipples, tweaking them gently then a bit harder as Greg moaned, obviously enjoying the sensation.
John turned his head to see where Sherlock was indicating and saw Derek Roberts standing with his gang.  They had obviously scarpered before the start of the waltz and only just come back in otherwise they, too, would have been forced to dance he was sure.
Mr Johnson left them to it and they were soon trying to push the dial in to position.  They had got the measurements and drilled a hole already, erring slightly on the side of caution, not wanting to have it too big.  It seemed to be just a little too small, however, so they got out the sand paper and smoothed the hole, taking a few millimetres off its core so that it fitted perfectly tightly in place.  They fastened in the bulb and attached the wire to the switch, which also slotted in snugly, and then slid the back cover into place and they were done.
“Since what?”
By Joolz
“It seems you’ve been holding back all this time.  What other skills do you have that I should know about?”
“Oh yes, please, John.  I don’t think I can wait much longer.”
"Well, I'm not usually bothered about it.  I'm normally just so pleased to have everybody else gone from the house, that I just enjoy the time to myself."
John blushed and cleared his throat.  He had to admit to being a bit nervous, but very excited, at the same time.  They had decided that Sherlock would get to go first.  John said he’d almost had it himself that time when he’d come between Sherlock’s thighs, so Sherlock could experience the real thing first.  They had both had a go at inserting a finger into themselves with some lube, but that had just felt weird somehow, so they had decided to wait and do it properly.
Mrs Hudson hid a smile, “Well, thank you, Sherlock, that’s most generous of you.  I’ve got one batch that should be ready to come out any time now and these ones on the side should be cool enough already, if you want to make a start on decorating them.”
“Well, yes, it has been a busy term, what with all the shenanigans you children get up to.  No, I don’t have anything missing, I keep a rigid control over all my supplies, you should know that, John; and if any medication aside from the norm was required then, of course, Dr Devinson would be called in for a consultation and he would prescribe something specific.”
Sherlock groaned loudly as he felt John take him deeper and hold him there, swallowing around him.  John licked around the shaft as his mouth moved up and down, paying extra attention to the sensitive head and tasting the pre-come gathering in the slit.  John took him deep into his throat again and this time he hummed as he swallowed and Sherlock moaned again at the new sensations it added.  John pulled back and blew across the now thoroughly damp skin and Sherlock shivered as John looked up at him grinning smugly.
“You have plenty of slack there but if you want it removed I can do that for you?”
“Brilliant.  Come with me to the casting session tomorrow then and I’ll speak to Greg about something for you too.  He’s in the year above us and he plays prop half on the rugby team with me; you’ve probably seen him.”
“No reason.”
“Possibly.”
They walked from there over to the garage to see the cars, but Sherlock rushed through that.  It was things with four legs he preferred, not things with four wheels.  He took John over to the stables to meet his pride and joy, Mystery.  Mystery turned out to be a large, black stallion with a beautiful, flowing mane and an imperious manner, very like his owner.
Sherlock relished the contentment floating through him.  He had never known that something so simple could be so relaxing.  This situation would have to be maintained even when John was well again.  This certainly wasn’t something he wanted to give up now that he’d had a taste.  He noted that John’s strokes were slackening and then started up again briefly before slowing down once more.  John was obviously dozing and then trying to force himself back awake.  Much as Sherlock would love to stay in this position, he didn’t want John to fall asleep on the sofa like this and wake up even stiffer than before.
“That was amazing!”
Sherlock was the first one to pull back.  He hadn’t realised how much more intense everything would feel when he had so many new sensations to absorb at the same time.  John looked up at him and could see he needed a minute to catalogue everything before he continued; so he reached his hand down to Greg and raised his chin.
Dear John
He started now by resting his fingers over John’s wrist, both to feel the skin and to measure John’s heartbeat, and spent a pleasant hour or so monitoring the data and storing the information in his mind palace.  The increased speed he could currently sense told him that John was surfacing towards wakefulness.  He wondered what John’s immediate reaction would be and it seemed he didn’t have long to wait.
“Sherlock Holmes.”
They started rolling around wrestling to see who could gain the upper hand, using all their strength and abilities to pin the other down.  Every time Sherlock had control he kissed John again, scattering kisses all over his face and laughing in pure joy at finally having a partner with whom he didn't have to hold back.  Seeing such a look on Sherlock's face seemed to draw John out of his obsession and he started joining in the fun.
John laughed and it felt wonderful to be able to do that again.  To be with Sherlock and feel comfortable – which he realised was how Sherlock always made him feel - like home.
"It'll be great whatever it is because you chose it for me."
“We clearly both deserve it.”  John started chuckling and Sherlock joined in.
Sherlock didn’t complain as violently as usual and John knew that meant he really was tired so he escorted him up to bed and they both got themselves ready and climbed in.  Instead of starting their evening separately and gravitating towards each other in their sleep as they had been doing; tonight they started as they definitely meant to go on.
“How do you feel about me, John?”
"Don't worry, Greg.  With Sherlock on the case, we'll soon have this sorted."
Barring emergencies, I’ve managed to book a slot on the phone on Thursday evening if you think you could be free for that.  I’d love to hear your voice again; I’ve missed you so much in these two weeks.
John had long since accepted that his own often repeated comments of ‘Not Gay’ were merely reactionary and he had settled into a kind of resigned state that he was either plain bisexual or, as there were very few man who physically aroused him, more likely Sherlock-sexual if that was even a thing.  There had been a few times of stress relief during his army days which had all been of the ‘don’t ask, don’t tell’ variety and which his army mates had all claimed didn’t count.  There was just something about his flatmate, however, that he couldn’t resist and more and more he found himself not wanting to.
The others came back out, ready to re-start, but he was still there, thinking.  John came over to him; he’d missed seeing him in the other room.
“Well, I’m sure I could never have done that.  It was very impressive.”
A doctor came out to see him then to tell him that they were admitting John overnight.  His injuries weren’t as severe as they might have been but as they didn’t know what John had been injected with they were just going to keep him in under observation to make sure he didn’t have an adverse reaction.  Sherlock followed the doctor up to the ward and was shown into John’s room.
They settled down into the bed, John resting his head on Sherlock’s chest and Sherlock encircling John within his arms and holding him tight.  The warmth of the covers and each other’s company soon found them both drifting off, happily dreaming of things to come.
“I object to that.  I am not ‘an arse’, John; I have an arse but…”
Talk eventually came round to what John was going to do when he left.
John pulled Sherlock over to lay his head on John’s shoulder with his leg and arm resting comfortably across John’s body.  “Now lie there quietly with me, at least until I drop off, even if you aren’t going to sleep right now yourself; though it has been three days for you too so you really have no excuse.”
‘Eminently gorgeous’?  What was he doing even thinking that?  Perhaps he was more concussed than he had originally thought – this was clearly delirium setting in now.  That wasn’t something he ever allowed himself to acknowledge.  He and Sherlock were best friends and that’s all it was.  Sherlock had told him that very first night at Angelo’s that relationships weren’t his area and he was married to his work.  John had shrugged it off at the time, not being interested in Sherlock’s comments about being flattered.
Sherlock ran to the bathroom and quickly came back with a tube of lube in his hand.  He shook his head at John’s face, knowing what he was thinking, but aware that it wasn’t something that they had discussed yet.
“Hey, what’s the matter?  Don’t tell me that blow job was bad, I had you coming in under three minutes.”
“What do you mean?”  John heard Mycroft’s voice in his ear.  *Tread carefully, John, you’ve almost got him.*
As John suspected, when they told Mike he didn’t take it seriously at first.  Sherlock went through all his reasoning and told Mike to watch her when they were all sat together later for their evening meal.  True to form, Molly chose her seat next to Mike even though there was an open one next to John which was nearer to her.
John lifted Sherlock up to place a pillow under his hips and bent to kiss Sherlock at the base of his spine.  He trailed his tongue down between Sherlock's arse cheeks, all the way to his balls, sucking first one then the other in to his mouth.  Sherlock twitched when John passed over his hole and moaned loudly as John was sucking him.  When he'd finished he licked back up to the dimple at the base of Sherlock's spine, this time skirting around the edge of the hole and he repeated the same motion a few times, slowly driving Sherlock mad with frustration at not getting the pressure where he wanted it.
“Of course, John; always.”
“Exactly as I predicted.  Yes I would be happy to perform oral sex on you and John would be delighted to bugger you.  Then just as you reach your climax we will both bite you, one on either side of your neck and your orgasm will be spectacular, I can guarantee it.”
There were nods all round so Sally sat poised to take notes and Greg began.  He first read out the names of all the characters and what their roles and personalities were.  Then he went through the description of the main room which is where all the action would be set.
"It's brilliant, Sherlock; just what I need.  Thank you so much.  I thought you didn't want me to wear a moustache, though?"
Obviously John wasn’t as accepting of this as Sherlock.  Maybe he was just in shock?  He’d be okay later at school.
I look forward to meeting you soon.  I have included my phone number so that you may let me know when you have landed, as your reply may not arrive before you do.
“Should I be worried that you prefer his legs?”
Sherlock pushed the window open wider and grabbed hold of John’s arm as he levered himself in through the window.  He slithered down and landed with a bump on Sherlock’s bedroom floor.
“Will we be able to get it to him in time?”
“Fine, you win.  Where do you want me?”
“Um, Billy, you do know that Sherlock is no longer… here?”
"Why would you assume a fight and not that I'd just banged my lip?"
“Are you sure he hasn’t snuck in a bottle of something else?”
“All I was saying was it is not wise to drink alone.  I would be happy to provide companionship for your evening.”
Sherlock
I have set up my chemistry equipment in the dining room and it is wonderful to have the space to work without foolish interruptions from my neighbours.  Mrs H wasn’t best pleased about the mess but has proved to be most considerate in supplying me with tea and cakes if she thinks I haven’t eaten for a while, though she insists that she is our landlady not our housekeeper.  I think you will like it here, John; I know I do already.
Sherlock grinned at him and slid his hand down across the scar and round to John’s side.  John squealed and then groaned as the movement jolted his ribs.
“I love you too, John.”  Sherlock ran his finger along John’s nose and pressed it on to John’s lips.  John kissed the tip and then settled back on Sherlock’s chest.  Just as he was drifting off to sleep he almost felt rather than heard a rumble of “Mine.  Always.”  John smiled against Sherlock’s skin and the next moment he was asleep.
“Hey, at least stay for another drink with me.  You’ve got to let me celebrate my victory.”
They went back inside to get changed into their riding gear.  They had decided to go out for a ride this morning whilst the hired maids performed their last task, to clean the now vacated bedrooms.  Then they would have the house to themselves after lunch, except for Carstairs and his wife, who would be busy getting things back to normal downstairs.  The party detritus had already been cleared away straight afterwards, and there was only the marquee itself left to be dismantled, which would be done later that afternoon.
“No, listen, I mean proper feelings.”
“Yes, but it’s a bit hazy.  I think I must have hit my head a couple of times.”
Little did John know how much Sherlock wished that the things that made Mary special in John’s eyes could apply to him, too.  He had liked John for so long now that he couldn’t remember a time when he hadn’t felt this way.
“I…  Sherlock, I don’t want to make you feel awkward but I have to tell you that I’ve developed feelings for you.”
"Some of the cousins are having a pool party this afternoon, if either of you are interested?"
“Bloody hell, it just blows me away how beautiful you are, sometimes, Sherlock.”
First night had been a huge success.  All Greg’s worries had come to naught and the performance had been trouble free.  There had been quite a lot of the staff attending the first show, as well as local villagers and a few parents, who had come down early to spend a few days before they took their children home.  Mr Johnson and his wife had been in pride of place in the front row, and he had caught John and Sherlock after the show to praise them on their whole performance, and on how good the radio had looked on stage, so they were both very pleased.
“Yes, but this was taking things to the extreme, even for you, John.”
“Brilliant.”
“I think I’ll just have a wash this morning to give myself a bit more time to heal and have a shower tomorrow when I’m more stable.  Thanks for the offer though.”
John groaned and swayed on his feet, his eyes closed as Sherlock’s words flowed over him.  He grabbed hold of Sherlock’s jaw and pulled him down for an intense kiss, his tongue sweeping through Sherlock’s mouth, almost trying to taste those sounds.  Sherlock wrapped John up in his arms, holding him tightly and running his fingers up and down John’s spine.  He mumbled words against John’s lips, kissing him between each one, telling him in blatant terms exactly what he wanted to do to him.
28th October
“I can assure you of that.  Do you think I would have taken this long with anyone else?  I toned down all my alluring effects so that you would see me as I really am and I couldn’t believe it when you still wanted me even knowing all that.”
After a few more kisses and bites along John's neck and shoulder - all below his collar level for discretion, of course - Sherlock decided to up the ante.
“Oh, you’ll see, believe me.”
“What do you know about this operation – is it dangerous?  I’ve been speaking to Billy, one of Sherlock’s homeless network, and he said he’s been trying to contact Sherlock for four days now with information he was asked to track down and he’s had no reply.  Do you think Sherlock is just incommunicado as you suggested or could something have happened?”
“Good, glad to know I’m still good for something.  Let us know when you’re ready then.  See you soon.”
“You’re only three years older than me.  You won’t be crippled; we’ll soon have that shoulder back in action once you’ve properly recovered from the surgery.  As to you being an army doctor, I can think of no-one better to assist me on my cases.  You have a medical knowledge which will be exceedingly beneficial in verifying cause of death and your army training means your stomach won’t be turned at the sight of traumatic incidents.  I think we will make a perfect team.”
It didn’t take either of them much time to near completion, as it had certainly been far too long since they had been together like this.  John finished Sherlock off with a little twist as he reached the head, loving the look on Sherlock’s face as he came all over their fingers.  This easily set John off, himself, and they stood pressed closely together under the water for a few moments as they recovered.
He considered Sherlock his best friend.  They got on well in all things and John always understood what Sherlock meant even though he wasn’t the most articulate about expressing his feelings.  He was also adept at reading the deeper meaning in Sherlock’s comments and found himself able to ignore the bluntness of his friend’s manner which was so off-putting to others.  It wasn’t often that he found himself at odds with Sherlock and he didn’t like that he hadn’t seen so much of him recently.  He would really have to try to put more effort in to spending time with Sherlock as well as Mary.  He’d been missing his friend and had been looking forward to being just the two of them tonight.  Time to make up for his earlier distraction.
“People don’t usually appreciate what I have to say.  I tend to rub them up the wrong way; that includes pupils and staff.  None of them seemed very keen to keep me around after that.  I wasn’t interested enough to care; they were all so boring anyway.”
“I think so.  He did say something about having access to the Almighty when necessary but he’s basically out there alone.”
“At a bare minimum.  I’ve really missed you, Sherlock.  If that’s all you want then I’ll take whatever you want to give me.”
“That won’t be happening.  With any luck you’ll completely forget about this anyway so it won’t even matter.”
“Are you kidding me?  So not only are you distantly related to Dracula himself but you also part own his castle.  This is unbelievable.”
Sherlock led the way out to the car park to see Mycroft approaching them weighed down with several large bags and a couple of boxes.  John nodded Sherlock towards him and, after a briefly raised eyebrow and a deep sigh; Sherlock stepped forward and took the boxes out of Mycroft’s arms.  Mycroft’s own eyebrows rose sharply before he turned to John, extending his now free hand.
“It wasn’t diet so I wouldn’t have had more than one cup anyway.”
It was no good.  He couldn’t take the chance of being picked up at the airport and delayed for questioning.  His own passport had obviously been left behind at home as he was supposed to be dead so he didn’t have that to fall back on and he didn’t have any other spares left.  He would have to bite the bullet and make another call – this voice far less pleasant to him than the one he had just enjoyed.
"There were extenuating circumstances.  I didn't want to raise his hopes until I knew one way or the other if you were coming back."
“The ambulance is here, John.”
He got out of bed and went to where he thought the noise had originated.  It had sounded like it came from the wardrobe.  He swung open the door and gasped for a moment as he was confronted with those elegant suits and shirts that Sherlock always wore.  How John missed seeing them – missed seeing him.  He stroked his hand down the purple shirt, it had always been his favourite and Sherlock had seemed to know; always wearing it when they went out for an evening.  Meals that were not dates but how he wished they had been.  Had Sherlock thought the same?  Was that what he’d meant by some of the things he’d said in his letter?  Had he worn that shirt on purpose because he knew how much it turned John on?  Stop torturing yourself, idiot!  Whatever he may or may not have thought, it’s all immaterial now.
By the end of the lunch break they had managed to finish a side piece each and were keen to come back the next day to do some more.  John made sure they finished in plenty of time to tidy up everything they had done, and to leave it all ready for the students coming in for the afternoon lesson.  Mr Johnson came over just as they were finishing and admired their work, saying he would look forward to seeing them on the 'morrow.
“Oh, that’s fine, I guess.  How are we supposed to recognise them then if everyone is going to be in masks?”
“Sherlock!”  John burst out laughing.  “You shouldn’t offer something which you are unprepared to provide.”
They got through the first half quite quickly; that was the part they had worked on the most last term.  Everyone remembered, more or less, where they were supposed to stand and knew their lines.  Sherlock and John had brought out some of the smaller, easier-to-hand props, to help the actors get into the scenes, and it all went quite smoothly.  After the part in the play where they were having the interval, the performance wasn’t quite so polished.  Most people still knew the majority of their lines, but there was a little bit of shot-blocking.  They would definitely need to focus more on that in the next couple of weeks.
He accepted that John liked to do a round of everyone and make sure things were running smoothly as they were the nominal hosts of the evening, but this year ‘that girl’ had hogged the limelight the whole evening, monopolising John’s attention.  She had even withstood one of Sherlock’s cutting appraisals which sent most people running.  All that had got him was an angry frown from John and him taking Mary off to another part of the room, leaving Sherlock even more on his own.
“I don’t have any more cash on me but I’ll see you with this.”  At that, he threw a set of Jaguar car keys on the table.
Sherlock couldn't let that smug look go unanswered.  He took hold of John's arms and threw him up on to the bed where he bounced once before landing right in the middle with a very amorous vampire suddenly on top of him, pressing him back into the mattress.  Sherlock kissed down John's neck and clavicle and left vivid love bites all along the skin as he went.  He moved down to John's nipple and sucked that into his mouth, nibbling on it then blowing over it as it stood to attention.  John shivered as much as Sherlock had done and Sherlock caught his eye and raised his eyebrow in challenge.
“We also have company now.  You must forgive my brother; always rushing into everything.”
After a while, John could see that Sherlock seemed fidgety so he asked him if there was a problem.
It seemed he was destined to wait a little longer as John didn’t appear in the canteen at lunch time either.  Sherlock didn’t go in there to get anything to eat – he only did that when John made him – but he stayed there for the full hour waiting for John to turn up but there was no sign of him.
John texted again when he was actually on the train and Sherlock told him that they were just approaching Norwich City Centre.  Mycroft had wanted to get there early to pick up some supplies for the party that Mummy needed, so they would be at the station in plenty of time for when John arrived.
“That would be lovely; I’d very much like to meet her and to thank her for having John over for Christmas, too.”
"Thank you, John; I'm glad you think me handsome."
Sherlock shook his head.  “I’m happy to remain your prisoner, Dr Watson.  Perhaps you could assist me in moving please?”
He grabbed the handle and gave a weird sort of wave as he went out and closed the door behind him, just as Sherlock was still halfway through a sentence.
After The Beep
“Bugger that, Mycroft!  His safety is clearly more at risk than my own in these circumstances and you know I can handle myself.”
“I understand why you had to do it but that doesn’t make it any easier for me to think about what I went through.  I… well; I was just kind of lost without you.”
I’m glad you’ve decided to get in touch with that policeman; did he say his name was Sergeant Lestrade?  He seemed impressed with how you worked out that it was the neighbour and he got to see the proof of it when she ran off after your deduction so he knows what you do is spot on.  Why don’t you ask if he’s got anything else on at the moment that you could look at or if you solve one of those many cases you read in the paper, send him the information and see where that gets you?  He surely won’t refuse the assistance when it helps to solve a crime; he seemed quite dedicated so I think you’re safe not to be ignored like before.
John twisted his hand around the heads of their cocks on the next up stroke and that was all it took.  He shuddered against Sherlock as he came over both their hands.  Seeing John's face and knowing that he had done this to him sent Sherlock over the edge as well and he quickly followed John, squeezing every last drop of pleasure out of them both before he collapsed back against the wall, John slumping against his chest on top of him.
“Ooh, very nice.  Any preference?”
Sherlock was gruff but underneath he could feel the heat from where John's hand had pressed against his skin.  When he looked down he saw that there was a note in his lap.  He waited a few moments so as to not make it too obvious before he opened it up.
He had been friends with plenty of guys when he was in the army, even quite liked the look of a couple of them but he had never taken it further.  Everyone had been in the same boat over there and people just got on with their day; taking care of solitary business in the showers when necessary.
You are missing!  Where are you?  Are you alive?  Please come back to me.
“I did?  Who did I think you were then?”
“Of course.  I will use my superior mind to resist your wiles.  You cannot make me want it.”
There was a general chorus of agreement and approval and everyone left the room in high spirits.
Sherlock looked deeply into John's eyes as he said that last and gave him a wicked grin.  John blushed and dropped his eyes, not knowing what to say to that.
“Carry on, then, and give me a shout when you’re done, I’d like to see the finished article.”
“You can have more - believe me, I want that more than anything – but we’ll do it a bit at a time.”
"So, tell me what you know then; or what you suspect at least."
Dear Whoever
Greg nearly choked on his tea.  John patted him on the back and gave him a minute to recover whilst he looked over at Sherlock.
To answer your question, yes I can delete useless information from my brain.  It frees up space for the important things; it only makes sense for me to keep the information which would be vital to my work and to dispose of anything else.  It only surprises me that other people don’t also find this a useful tool for precise recall.
“You are to me,” Sherlock smiled at him shyly.  “They always tell me I’ll never have any friends and certainly not a boyfriend.  I can even put up with the fact that they’re bound to go on about me changing schools again if I’ve got you there with me.”
“Thanks for that.  I didn’t stop for lunch so I’m starved.”  Greg led the way inside and pointed John towards the sofa whilst he turned on the TV.  “Have a seat then.  Do you want a slice?  Do you even eat, for that matter?”
Simon started spluttering, "You can't talk to me like that."
By Joolz
“Hmm, we shall see.  It will be a purely monitoring mission.  I don’t want you running off regardless; I have quite enough to put up with Sherlock doing that on a regular basis.  Plus, my team will be going there with you so you can all work together.”
The idea seemed more enticing to him, as Sherlock thought of exactly what he would be able to do; all the things he wanted to try.  Maybe they could get a proper blindfold too; he had enjoyed surprising John and keeping him on edge.  That would definitely be an idea they would be revisiting very soon.  For now though, he had other desires in mind, and he reached over to his drawer and got out the supplies he had bought.
“I don’t want any punch.”
"That's good, John.  I was looking at all the others who were in the waiting room and I don't anticipate you having any serious competition.  Especially if you played it the way we rehearsed last night.  You are far superior."
John looked a bit abashed.  “I guess you’re right.  No point in pushing things if I don’t have to.”
“We decided it would be easier if you were on your knees.  That’s what all those websites said.”
“That’s just you, John.”  Sherlock smirked and John grinned back at him.
"I believe I was."
“Good night, John.”
“John, you are cruel and heartless and I can’t believe you just did that – and in no way did I squeal like a pig.”
“He will come back and will be intrigued by the orgasm he received on being bitten and, as you did yourself, he will want to try it again.  So we have to ask whether we want to include him in our dynamic in some way?”
Mycroft stayed still for a few seconds, watching John with narrowed eyes; clearly reading far more into John’s reaction than he wanted to reveal.  Mycroft obviously decided not to force the issue because he gave a small nod, turned, and left, closing the door quietly behind him.
John oiled his hands and started working on Sherlock’s shoulders.  He could feel all the tension there from him being worked up for so long.  He massaged them with long, strong strokes, digging deeply into the muscles and relaxing them right down until Sherlock was sighing with relief.  John worked his way across his shoulders and started down his spine releasing the tension in each vertebra as he went lower.
“Look what you did.  You’re gonna be in trouble now.”
"Sherlock, if you and John have a chance to go through the prop store before the next session that would be great.  Then we'll have more of an idea of what we have and what we'll need to beg, steal and borrow from other places."
Sherlock went in to the dressing room to get the suit he had chosen for the party.  He had picked a dark purple shirt which he had bought after John had pointed out a similar one, saying how much it would suit Sherlock.  That had been the last time they had gone into town to meet up with Mike and Molly after John had had a Saturday rugby match.  He decided to get changed in the dressing room so that the complete outfit would be a nice surprise for John, and he hoped John would be pleased when he saw it.
“Sherlock!  How ya been?”
John leapt up and bowed to Sherlock.  "Mr Holmes, may I have the pleasure?"
Sherlock stood frozen; his eyes staring blankly ahead.  The phone was held to his ear without a single sound being made until the answerphone machine clicked off, and the continuous note of the dial tone sounded, indicating a person should hang up.  Still, Sherlock just stood there.
“We can be abnormal together.”  John gave a big yawn and closed his eyes, muttering under his breath.  “Jus’ you and me.”
"Believe me, you will when you taste it.  Mycroft has actually been useful for once and set us up with everything we need for our stay.”  Sherlock passed over a bag of blood.
“The label on your backpack says Harry Watson but it’s been crossed out so it must have been handed down from your older brother.  If you’d both just moved here then your dad would have sent you both to the park but there’s only you, so your parents must have divorced and your brother has stayed with your mum.  Obvious.”
“Seriously?  Can I?”
“I think I may have just made a tactical error.”
John allowed himself to be pulled to his feet and he let Sherlock lead him out, leaning on his arm instead of taking the cane which he left propped against his chair.
“Oh, Sherlock, you are funny.”
John smirked and carried on with his full English.  He was absolutely ravenous after their earlier activities.  Sherlock must have been feeling it, too, because he finished his own piece of toast and also took one off John's plate.
I hope this has put your mind at ease that I will not cease in corresponding.  I have also endeavoured to cheer you along with something I trust you will enjoy so I hope it reaches you in good condition.  I pointed out to the owner that her new hire was pocketing the cost of one in three of the orders he was taking and she was most grateful and more than happy to make you a special one all of your own.
John bit his tongue to avoid snapping back.  There was nothing he hated more than a bad winner and he knew Moran would be gloating for ages on the back of a win like that.
"Well, they should have done, because you deserve it."
“Oh, Sherlock, how I’ve missed you.”  John laughed and shook his head fondly.  “You always wanted everything five minutes ago.  It’s nice to see nothing has changed.”
The first few entry dates were a bit sporadic, with a couple of weeks between each one.  Then the dates showed a new entry was made each week on a Tuesday so John clearly recorded one as an affirmation after his attendance at an AA meeting.  In the last few months there was an occasional extra recording as John’s social life obviously became more active and necessitated changing the message more frequently.
“You were necessary in the situation, yes, but I let you enjoy it all, Lestrade.  I didn’t stop John until you had achieved your climax.  I could have just pulled him off when he finished and glamoured you immediately and you would have been none the wiser, but I didn’t want to just take advantage of you.  John insisted you be given a choice now, too, as we both respect you and wish to allow you to make your own decision.”
Mycroft, who had been standing in clear sight of everything that had gone on, smiled to himself.  His hands had always been tied, rather, by familial obligations, and he had never really been able to stop the constant teasing.   He did always try to extricate Sherlock from it as quickly as possible, though, and had, of course, prevented it from ever being physical, though he knew that the other kind could be just as bad.  He looked across now and caught John's eye.  He nodded his head ever so slightly.  John nodded back and cleared his throat.
“I don’t think I’d be able to manoeuvre in the shower very easily.”
Sherlock rushed across the room and jumped on to the bed, shuffling himself backwards so that he wouldn’t lose sight of John as he moved.  He didn’t want to miss his first proper look at John.
“I am well aware, John, and the answer is no.”
Now that it had been pointed out to him, John saw the way the other teens were looking at each other and could tell that it was true.  He turned his head back to Sherlock, looking a little sad.
"Really?  What sort of experiments?"
“Hey, that’s not fair; why do you only have to do your shoes and socks and I have to take my shirt off?”
“Don’t be ridiculous!  I meant in my gun sights.”
"I think I was probably picturing him a bit like the Major in Fawlty Towers with a smart jacket and a moustache, but I'd be happy to wear a uniform if you think it would fit the character better."
Ur not answering ur other phone so trying this 1.  Found what u wanted. He was v hard to locate. Billy.
“Where have you been all this time?”
"I think you'll like it.  It's called The Princess Bride."
“In that case, I shall remain forever grateful that man came in to your life.”
“You’ll need to get used to handling things with a gentler touch, which includes people too.  Your strength is just one of the things that will be enhanced and you may find yourself crushing something in your hand when you think you’re just picking it up.  We’ll stay here as long as it takes for you to get used to your new abilities and you’ll get plenty of chances to test them out and see what exactly you’re capable of.”
“Oh God, yes.”
“That’d be a little difficult seeing as you have me all tied up, John.”
“Sherlock, be nice.”
“Are you chicken?”
“I think it’s only fair, don’t you?  You do seem to spend an inordinate amount of time watching me.”
“That’s true, but I’ve always made time for you, too, and I seem to have been lax in that lately so I’ll try harder.”
“That end part just felt so sad, though; so alone.  Is that my fault?  Have I done that to you?”
John had been refilling Greg’s tea throughout their discussion so he knew he’d soon replenish all the blood he’d lost.  As he was showing him out he gave Greg a strip of iron tablets anyway and told him to drink plenty the next day too just to make sure he would have no after effects.  John watched as Greg walked down the stairs shaking his head in disbelief, before he went back in to see Sherlock now lying back in his usual position on the sofa.
“John, why did you never tell me it was like this?  I never knew what I was missing.”
“How exactly did I do that then?”
“I think what must have happened is that the frog did a superman leap up and hit its head on the branch of a tree above it and knocked itself unconscious.  Then an eagle flew down, picked it up, shook it around a bit in its talons and it died of the shock.”
Everyone cheered and clapped and Greg smiled at them.
After helping him off with his coat and shoes, Sherlock led John over to the sofa and got him settled comfortably with his feet up on a pillow on the coffee table and gave him the TV remote.  He went into the kitchen, put the kettle on and made two cups of tea which he took back in to the living room.  He sat down next to John and passed over the drink.
"I know, but people like to have these things confirmed."
“Have a seat, John.”
John was finding it hard to stand still.  His cock was begging for attention and it kept reflexively throbbing when Sherlock got anywhere near it.  When Sherlock leant forward and lightly touched the tip with his tongue, John shouted and automatically thrust forward, hitting Sherlock in the face.
"You are incorrigible, Mr Watson."
“I am all ears, Doctor.  Spill the beans, as it were.”
Sherlock joined in, happy that John would be a wonderful vampire and a constant companion to him and comfortable in the knowledge that they had both found their place in the world.  They had each other and that was all that they needed.
“You?  I didn’t think you drank?”
“From the bits I heard from afar, it sounded very interesting.  I would be keen to see how you had interpreted my own composition.”
He had done his best to remove all thoughts of John from his brain but the boy just defied deletion.  He had been part of Sherlock’s life for so long that without John there wasn’t a lot left.  Instead, Sherlock had done his best to avoid him as much as possible – a task made easier by the lack of effort to meet up on John’s part as well – so this was the first time he had seen him properly in weeks; and, no doubt, the last as Sherlock had no plans to keep in contact with anyone in this odorous school.
The following morning the cast list was posted on the notice board and several students were gathered round trying to see which roles had been given to whom.  John couldn’t see over the heads of the taller people around him so Sherlock read the names out for everyone standing behind.
“Idiot.”  John grinned at him and managed to quickly roll them over without slipping out.  When he had Sherlock flat on his back, he pulled almost all the way out and then pushed in fast causing Sherlock to groan in pleasure as John rubbed against his prostate.  John maintained the angle and the speed and pounded into Sherlock, rapidly driving the man to his limits.
“Said ’s not his area.  Don’ wanna make him feel awkward ‘n ask me to move out.”
They both scanned the surrounding countryside.  Sherlock saw a fairly flat field over to their right with an abandoned hut in one corner which had a couple of walls still standing and he pointed it out.
Greg looked embarrassed and quickly got to his feet and fastened up his coat as suggested just as Sally and the rest of his team came in.  John had also risen and was trying to keep his back to everyone to hide the traces of blood on his clothing from the crossbow bolt.  Sherlock took over and pulled off his own long coat.
“Of course, John. Anything.”
If he knew all this about John; knew that he would never do anything to hurt Sherlock; would comply with his wishes and do everything he could to make Sherlock’s life better – could Sherlock really do any less for him than to give serious consideration to this situation in which he now found himself?
“Now, they’ll know you’re mine from any angle they see you.”
Greg nodded his thanks and turned back to the others.  He tried to reassure them that everything was fine.
“After you’d been injected with that drug during your kidnapping you insisted on passing on a secret as long as I ‘promised not to tell Sherlock’.”
I have been in touch with Lestrade again over three more cases from the papers which I solved and he passed on the information and has received commendations for his work.  He has also been encouraged to put in for his Inspector exams so with any luck, if he succeeds, he will be able to allow me proper access to crime scenes if he is the person in charge of them.  That will expand my scope of work immensely and I should have access to untold riches of crimes.  You must accompany me when you’re home – we could become a team.  Your medical knowledge and experience of wounds and injuries will be invaluable to me.
John was sat straddling the bench in his t-shirt and tracksuit trousers, hair freshly washed and slicked back, towel round his neck.  He grinned as he saw Sherlock.
When he looked over at the bed he saw his violin case – that’s good, he’d wondered where that was when he hadn’t seen it in the living room.  It was placed in the middle of the bed right next to a new indent on top of the quilt.  This indent was on the opposite side to where he habitually slept.  He could still see a slightly dust-covered dent in the pillow on his side of the bed which had very carefully not been smoothed out and it now had a matching dent on the other pillow.  Had John been sleeping in his bed?  Maybe wearing his shirt and holding his violin too – in his bed?  Sherlock bent over and when he inhaled he could once again smell John’s cologne.  This just got better and better.
“Exactly.  I know that, and don’t think I don’t appreciate everything you do for him, John.  He’s been far better with you around; you’re a very steadying influence; however, I know what lengths you will go to for each other.  Even more so now, I can see.”
“No, there’s nothing he can do until I know what the problem is, and he’s busy keeping an eye on everything else, anyway.  Keep it between us for now.”
The overnight bag was dropped at the foot of the stairs leading up to John’s room as John carried on past into the kitchen to put the shopping away before he did anything else.  Sherlock wondered if John would notice the milk container he’d put in the fridge.  He hadn’t even taken it from Mycroft’s fridge which had been his first idea.  He’d got George to stop on the way over here whilst he popped in to the supermarket and bought it himself, as well as two tins of beans and a box of Darjeeling tea which was John’s favourite.
John numbered each plate and took a swab across each one which he transferred to a slide marked with the corresponding number,  He put them in a row in front of Sherlock, who was putting them through the analyser to assess which compounds were present in each sample.
When he got back, John was sitting sideways on the sofa with a brightly wrapped box on his knee and a huge grin on his face.  He shook it gently as he held it up towards Sherlock, his head on one side.  Sherlock took it then quickly gave it back to him, smiling at the look of confusion on John's face.  He went into the bedroom, where he'd noted earlier, that his own purchases had been left.  He got out the present he'd bought for John and went back into the other room.  He sat cross-legged on the sofa facing John.
Sherlock shrugged nonchalantly and drawled at John.  “I suppose you might as well come in then; just to save the frog being spoiled.”
“Of the truck that ran me over.”
"I fear you may have lost one of your regulars.  Chap by the name of Ronald Adair.  He must have lost here recently and owed some serious personal debts.  I want to know with whom he's been playing?"
"It wasn't a noise I had ever heard before, that's all."
Costume –                                 Kerry Bevan, Rachel Vickers
“On you… I certainly hope so, Watson.”
“Sherlock is so young and should surely be given the chance to experience other things without being tied to someone who is going off to war, and could get up to anything whilst there, or to whom anything could occur.”
“Both, silly.”  John giggled at him again.  He had definitely had something; Sherlock had never seen him being drunk like this before.
John looked surprised.  “I’d never thought about it.  I’m happy with you, Sherlock.”
“I can.  Would you like me to tell you what I know about you?”
Sherlock and Martin were woken a couple of hours later by an exceedingly loud bird screeching at them from the end of the wall; clearly annoyed that they were encroaching on its territory.  It flew to a nearby fence to keep an eye on them whilst they stretched and packed up their things, ready to head off now that the weather had cleared.
There were no lights visible and the grass around the entrances had grown up quite high and didn’t look to have been touched recently.  They skirted round to the back and one of the team widened a hole which had already been cut in the wire fence for them to get through.  It didn’t take long for them to establish that the place really was empty.  One of the doors at the back was hanging off its hinges and it was clear that anything stored in there had long since been removed; either by the owners or other erstwhile visitors.
He had managed to avoid Sherlock all day.  He’d stayed in the changing rooms until just before time for lessons that morning.  He’d gone without lunch so that he could skip going to the canteen.  His stomach had been churning too much for him to eat anyway.  Then he had given an excuse to the teacher to leave class five minutes early so that he could get out before Sherlock at the end of the day.  He had run home and told his father to tell Sherlock he was out as they’d had a row and he didn’t want to see him right now.  His father wasn’t best pleased as he always told John that problems should be faced not ignored, but something about the look on John’s face must have persuaded him as he agreed this one time.
“Indeed, that is he.  Sherlock deduced the details of their connection and worked out at which casino he liked to hang out, which is where, I assume, he sent this Billy.”
“What do you mean ‘the first time’?”
"Well, this is the area where the man many, myself included, believe committed the crimes used to live.  He didn't kill anyone on his own doorstep, of course, the murders were actually all in Whitechapel."
He nodded shyly, "Yes, if you don't mind, please."
“John!”  Sherlock blushed when he saw Greg watching them both with a grin on his face.
“You feel what for me?”
“This was the whole part where I said I’d lead the discussion using a little tact, if you remember.”
They both burst out laughing, loving the fact that they could enjoy all this with each other, and that they wanted the same things.  They knew it was going to seem a long time to wait until after New Year, but they both decided it would definitely be worth it.
“You really ought not to say something like that, Sherlock; I might take you at your word.”
“Don’t be stupid, I’m not going anywhere and neither are you.  You just need some time to get used to your new strengths and abilities.  That’s why we’ve come out here away from everyone to give you a chance to adapt.”
"Did you mean it?"
“Oh yeah, that sounds like fun, I’ll help you; we can do that together, be a crime-fighting team.”
"I don't think so.  You have to work up to it to earn something more intense.  A simple answer gets you a simple kiss."
Sherlock’s hand slid down to encompass John’s own and he squeezed his fingers, pushing himself back more purposefully this time as he felt John pressing against him.
All the discussion of sex and the dirty talk that Sherlock was continuing to drip into John’s ear with each push meant that it didn’t take long for them both to be close.  John grabbed hold of his own cock, needing only a few quick strokes before he came hard, his head hitting the wall and his arse tightening convulsively around Sherlock.  Sherlock groaned deeply at the extra pressure and pushed up a couple more times before he, too, came explosively, filling John as he leaned his head against John’s neck, breathing deeply as he took his time to recover.
“I am being nice; this is me being nice.  I could have just told him what I already know without letting him speak at all.”
Sherlock managed to get one arm to move, now the pins and needles had stopped, and he reached up to touch John’s cheek, as if reassuring himself that John was really there.
“Surely even you can observe that John has been shot and I am performing CPR, Lestrade.”
Sherlock wriggled up John's body and captured his lips.  They had been waiting so long for this, it seemed, and now it was finally the right time.  They kissed for a while, then Sherlock rolled off and up and grabbed John's hand, pulling him to his feet.
“I suppose protocol dictates introductions should be made as it seems we will be spending the night here.  The name is Sherlock.”
I inveigled my brother, on your behalf, to send his assistant to Fortnum & Masons to purchase the largest Christmas cake he could find for you to share with your compatriots over the festive season as you seem so fond of cake.  I hope it reaches you in suitable condition and is satisfactory.
“This is just like James Bond.” John grinned at Mycroft’s raised eyebrow until Mycroft smiled smugly back at him.
John felt a squeeze to his fingers which he had subconsciously slipped back into Sherlock’s grip whilst he’d been talking.
John smiled happily, a look of pride in his eyes that this man had chosen to be with him.  He could not regret that he had been injured and drugged the way he had because it had brought this wonderful man more fully into his life and they had completed each other in a way neither had thought possible.
Sherlock kissed his way down John’s neck, pausing at his pulse point and then continuing across his collarbone to his shoulder, sucking deep marks on his way.  He came back to the pulse point and again moved away to kiss under John’s jaw, but each time he returned to the point where he could feel the blood pumping just under John’s skin through the carotid artery.
"Allowing you to help me rehearse and come with me this morning."
It had taken Sherlock far longer to close down Moriarty’s criminal empire than he had anticipated.  He had thought it would take him a few months at most to track down the three assassins and put an end to Moriarty’s activities.  When he’d investigated further, however, he found the network was considerably more widespread and it had now been almost two years since he left London.
Even though he'd only known Sherlock for a few weeks now, he easily recognised his 'thinking' face.  Sherlock was tasting him and committing it to memory.  John wanted to see Sherlock taste him directly from the source; to feel that tongue on his cock, but he couldn't wait for that now.  Even the idea of having that done to him had ramped him up even further and he desperately needed to come right now.
Yours
Wait; that wasn't right.  "Really?"
“John!  You shock me.”
They raced straight up the stairs to their flat and John took barely a moment to decide to carry right on, pulling Sherlock up the next flight, too, towards his own room.  He rarely entered Sherlock’s room and didn’t know quite what state it might be in or whether there might be an experiment set up in there so he decided his own room was safest as it was in the same tidy state in which he always left it, plus he knew he had lube in his drawer and if this evening was going to proceed in the manner which he hoped then that would be essential.  Sherlock seemed happy to follow his lead so John was going to take every advantage he could.
“’Course.  What did you think was going on?”
John burst out laughing and Sherlock’s lip twitched shyly; pleased to be the cause of the laughter instead of the butt of it, for once.
He Never Did
“He has been alternating between looking longingly across at the girl with whom you were dancing and glaring daggers at you.  I’m sorry to tell you that she was smiling smugly at him over your shoulder when you weren’t looking so the feelings are obviously reciprocated.  I would hazard a guess that he has been flirting with that red haired girl over there a little too frequently judging by the way she is looking at him under her eyelashes and your partner was trying to make a point which is obviously why she asked you out instead of him.”
“No, you don’t need to apologise again.  I didn’t say it to make you feel guilty.  I just meant it made me realise… I realised that… I love you, Sherlock.”
“Sherlock, I didn’t understand a word of that crap; what are you going on about?”
Thank you so much for the cake.  You are an absolute genius: a) to arrive at the correct coffee shop; b) to solve a crime on the spot; and c) to persuade Mrs H to make a cake just for me.  You even remembered that I’d said coffee cake was my favourite.  This is the exact cake I have been craving since I came over here.  I used to have a slice every time we all met up there, which was often, and Mrs H would always save me a piece if she knew I was due in that day.  To have one made especially for me is sheer indulgence.  Did you try a slice whilst you were there?  If not I’ll have to take you there when I’m back and you can taste it for yourself.
“Really, Sherlock.  I know this could ruin everything and hopefully, if that’s the case, you’ll be too drunk to remember in the morning, but yes I meant every word.  I do love you and I have for a long time.”
Sherlock looked down, shamefully, and that was something that John simply would not accept.
“But, John…  It’s only 6.15,” he finished lamely.
I am comfortable stripping off; I’ve never been shy about my body, and you are also correct in saying that I consider myself bi.  I have always been attracted to an individual as themselves and not as their gender.  I never knew Smithy was interested in me, he kept that well hidden – well, except obviously not hidden enough for you, of course.  I’m not looking for someone else, so you don’t have to concern yourself with him.  Not that you would, I don’t know why I said that.  I don’t even know what you like.
When they reached the Dorchester they presented their invitations and were escorted over to the ballroom which was suitably festooned for the occasion.  They looked across to the bar and saw two, tall gentlemen with the heads together, talking quietly as they surveyed the room.  One was dressed as a very elegant Regency gentleman with high-waisted breeches, waistcoat and tailed jacket, and a black wig with a short ponytail finished with a black bow.  The other was quite as swashbuckling as John himself with an open-necked laced shirt and tight black trousers and knee-high shiny boots, with a sword tucked into a sash at his waist and a pirate’s hat atop his head.  Both had simple black eye masks to complete their outfits.
John cuffed his shoulder, “Idiot!”
“Wasn’t what, John?”
Sherlock sucked in a breath, his pupils dilating as he thought of being restrained by John; completely ceding control to another person.  Judging by the twitching he could feel under John’s hips, certain parts of his body were already eager to jump into this new experience.  He had obviously been tied up before, both with rope and handcuffs, when he had been detained or arrested, but he had never had a treasured memento used upon him for more enjoyable reasons.
John kissed the tip of Sherlock’s nose as he looked up at him in exasperation.
“Mrs Hudson said that you should give things to people you care about so I thought I would surprise you.”
John felt around in the pockets but these, too, were empty; even the secret pocket in which Sherlock kept a little knife, which he had once used very successfully to assist their escape from a kidnapping.  He wondered whether Sherlock had another secret in his coat that had not been previously discovered.  He lay it down in front of him on the floor and felt over the entirety of the lining, listening carefully and looking out for any open threads.
“Sherlock.  It’s me again.  I hope you’re listening up there, though you do know it’s very rude not to answer, don’t you?  I’m sure even that must have sunk in somewhere along the line.  Of course, I’d probably have to have myself committed if you did respond, but let’s not go down that road.  Greg came round yesterday and I actually let him in so that we could talk.  I told him I’d accepted that it wasn’t his fault and that I knew he was only doing his job, but it had just hurt that he didn’t trust you.  He said that stupid Chief Inspector I chinned had given him no choice and he did believe in you so that made me feel a bit better.  I still refuse to talk to the other two though – they’re the ones who made him do it.  I know I should be forgiving them too, but that may take a little longer.  Who am I kidding – that will take a lot longer and far more energy than I wish to waste on them so let’s just leave it at that.  Anyway, I just wanted to say I love you and I miss you and I wish I could tell you that in person.  Why did you have to leave me, Sherlock?”
“Given the chance – does that mean you…?”
“I’m surprised you haven’t scared everyone off already.”  John looked at Sherlock’s face and smiled.  “Oh, I see you’ve been trying.”
John pinched the finger he was holding so Sherlock carried on.
“I suggest you make a citizen’s arrest ‘Officer Lestrade’, and then perhaps a word with your father would benefit us.  I’m sure he could liaise with the local station and get something done.  Perhaps Sally would be good enough to get the Headmistress, too, and we can get everything sorted as quickly as possible.  I’m sure our families are wondering why we haven’t been out to receive their rapturous exhortations.”
“Amazing. You got all that from a piece of broken wood.”
He clicked on the next recording dated three weeks later.
"We're both clean, John, there's no need for that, believe me.  Just you, please, I can't wait much longer."
“You know my name?”
“You didn’t.  You never could.”  Sherlock smiled up at John and reached forward to kiss his lips.  “So, was I right?”
“A challenge was laid down and must be answered.  You stated that you had full control of your body and fulfilment was unnecessary.  I wish to refute your statement and prove that I can make you lose that control.  Tonight, your body is mine and I’m going to do everything in my power to show you how necessary that fulfilment really is.”
Love from your Sherlock
“Even that ridiculous Chief Super who came to arrest us can’t deny the truth of that.  Now at least Sherlock’s name can be cleared – even though it will be posthumously.”
“Bye Sherlock.  Good luck with it all.  Just be honest with him and you can’t go wrong.”
“Well, I would certainly like to see John for a while over the holidays, so perhaps he could stay with us until Easter Monday and come to you on the Tuesday.  I will, of course, have to check all this with your mother first, to see if she is happy for John to come over as she won’t be there herself.”
“I know it was the name.  Can you remember what it was?”
Sherlock pushed John until his back was against the wall.  He quickly unfastened John’s trousers and pushed them off, taking his underwear with them.  He undid his own trousers, just pulling them down far enough to free his cock.  He wanted John right now and didn’t have time to wait.  He had taken to carrying round sachets of lube with him as he found himself overtaken with lust for John at the oddest of times and places and didn’t want to have to stop for the lack of it.
“Come on, John.”
Sherlock made his way up to John’s bedroom and had a good look round.  This was definitely still John’s room even if he occasionally slept in Sherlock’s.  All of his things were here.  Including his jumpers.  Including ‘that’ jumper.  The thick, oatmeal one that Sherlock had always especially liked.  The one John had been wearing that first night when they’d been giggling in the hall downstairs.  It was draped across the back of the chair so Sherlock brought it up to his nose.  John.  This was the epitome of John.  Sherlock sat on the edge of the bed just holding it to his face for a time, breathing it all in.
“There’s no need.  I think watching you was enough for now.  You should know by now that I have total control over my transport, John. ”
“It was just after the funeral.”
“What, really?”
I’m sure your lectures can’t be that bad.  The subjects seem interesting at least.  I did some Chemistry as part of my medical training, obviously, but I haven’t done any Forensics.  It sounds like it would be a great option to choose.  Are you interested in joining the police?
“I was there at the meal earlier, too.  What did you witness that I didn’t?”
“Carstairs?” John mouthed as he looked at Sherlock.
He looked down properly at the coat and brushed his hand along the collar, circling the red stitching on the button hole.  The coat was as unique as its owner.  He raised it to his nose and inside the lining it still smelt of Sherlock.  John inhaled deeply, his eyes shutting tightly as he thought of his lost friend.  He collapsed back down on to the sofa, his legs suddenly too weak to hold him up.  He clutched the coat close to his body; holding it over himself as he lay back against the arm of the sofa, silent tears slipping down his cheeks.
Wait a minute!  That was it, it wasn’t something he had seen; it was something he had heard.  Something he had heard very loudly, that hadn’t sounded quite right.  He had to get on stage immediately, before something bad happened and things went too far.  He grabbed a handful of things from the props table, pulled on the jacket which he had been wearing when they went into town earlier, and he walked over to the front door of the stage set.  He knocked on the door, pushed it straight open, without waiting to be answered, and walked over to where Matthew and Jasmine were standing.
Sherlock decided a few moments were quite enough and leaned forward and took Greg’s cock deeply down his throat.  Greg’s reaction was to tense his muscles, especially those of his arse and John let out a low groan as his cock was squeezed tightly.  He pulled out and pushed in hard, pushing Greg’s shaft deeper into Sherlock’s throat. They set up a rolling rhythm where Greg tried to keep hold of John every time he pulled almost out and Sherlock licked the head of his cock and then when John thrust hard back into him, Greg in turn, pushed deeply into Sherlock’s mouth, loving the feel of being surrounded by these two amazing men.
“Now, if you still have any symptoms tomorrow then I want you to come back and see me again.  We don’t want to be sending you home in a worse state than that in which you arrived now, do we.”
“S..s..sorry!”
John shook his head to clear it somewhat as he picked up on the slight tone in Sherlock’s voice.  “Sorry, I think I got carried away a bit there.  You just taste so good, Sherlock.”
"What about your Mum?"
"John, I don't know what to say.  Thank you.  No-one has ever stood up for me like that before."
“It’ll be fine, Sherlock.  You wouldn’t do anything to jeopardise John, you will have done enough.  I’m arranging for the ambulance to take you directly to the Sussex estate where you will be completely alone and have the time and space to ease John into his new circumstances.  There will, of course, be a full supply of blood on hand by the time you arrive.”
"Well somebody likes the idea."  Sherlock laughed.
“Nope!”
“John…  I can’t… I feel…”
“We should just about be alright for lifting off as we’ll be going a lot slower, but I don’t think we can risk that for another landing – we’ll have to use the floats and make a water landing.  The nearest suitable lake is almost an hour away from the base so I’ll radio when we’re in the air tomorrow for someone to meet us there to take you on for the next leg if that’s okay with you.”
“You realise there is still a strong possibility of that happening?”
Sherlock contemplated just charging out to do his own thing, but the memory stick was already burning a hole in his pocket as his fingers gripped it more tightly.  He needed a laptop right now and he couldn’t deny it would be nice to put on some proper clothing again too.
“You were right, that was truly spectacular.  I’ve never felt anything like it.”
“What do you propose then?  I suppose I could see if Mme Lapion has a camp bed we could set up in the corner instead of using a chair.”
“I can’t be a vampire. I can't.  Why would you do that to me?  We didn’t talk about it.  You said we’d talk about it.  I don’t even know if I want to be one.”
The nurse came in soon after to check his dressings and drips and he was almost grateful for the shot of morphine he received.  Not for the pain relief it would provide, because quite frankly he could care less about that at the moment; but more for the oblivion it would bring, however temporary, from his tortured thoughts.
“The offer still stands if you want me to clear out his room; I could dispose of everything and give you a bit more space?”
Mollie Ralston –                         Played by Jasmine Mills
John laughed at the look on Greg's face and took him his drink and got him to take an iron tablet then he went into the kitchen to put the kettle on.  When he came back in with a tray carrying an additional full pot as well as three already poured cups, he put it down on the coffee table in front of Greg and noticed the brandy was already finished.  Greg was watching Sherlock who was sitting facing him with his hands in their usual thinking position under his chin.
Sherlock turned his head and kissed John’s fingers.
“If you’ve finished eating, John, we’ll tour the rest of the house before everyone else gets up.  Then we could do the pool next so that we’re gone well before the others arrive.”
“No, I’m sorry, Sherlock.  I could have really hurt you – I mean, could I have?  I don’t even really know what I can or can’t do.  I’m dangerous; you should just get out of here.”
“Oh John, you’re always so polite; it’s really too bad, I’ll have to train it out of you.”
"God, Sherlock, I'm going to..."
When he got to the belly button his tongue circled around it, getting slowly closer in until he was right in the centre and he poked his tongue inside.  From there he kissed his way down the trail of hair, sliding his tongue along the edge of Sherlock’s underwear and sucking a love bite onto his abdomen.  His cheek brushed against Sherlock’s cock which was rock hard and trying to get in on the action.
When the heart had cooled they wrapped it up in tissue paper and put it in the box.    They put some extra tissue paper in to hold everything in place so it wouldn’t get shaken around too much during delivery.  Sherlock used some brown paper to wrap the parcel and then wrote John’s address, which he already had memorised, on the label and then got a red pen and wrote ‘fragile’ in big letters in several places just to make sure it got their attention.
Sherlock had not been idle whilst they were gone.  He had left the care of a semi-hysterical Jasmine to the others - crying girls were not something in which he had the least interest - whilst he went over to the chandelier.  He had hung it himself with John yesterday and nothing had seemed to be amiss with it at the time; everything appearing solid and well connected when they had finished.  He had realised what the sound was at the same time as Matthew, but had been further away, and unable to stop anything.
“You know I have never been bothered by them and I have managed to draw you out of them in the past successfully, including two nights ago at the hospital which was the last one I witnessed.”
He quickly finished his text to Mycroft, insisting that he be picked up instantly, and then sat back down in the corner, positioning himself out of sight of where the main group of John’s friends were sitting.
London was in the top tier for lockdown so people were not allowed to meet in groups and all the pubs and restaurants were closed.  Only essential food shops were open so John would have to buy himself some booze to drink at home – and, yes, it was bloody essential, thank you very much!
John's eyes widened as he, too, thought of more interesting ways of achieving that end.  "Keep talking like that and you won't be getting out of here at all; I don't care how much I want to enjoy our secret."
“So what do you think?  I’ve been in to the village and had no problem walking amongst other people, even a whole day after feeding.  We even went to the hospital where there were people with open wounds and I didn't pounce on anyone, though I had just fed before that trip.  Still, I think I'm strong enough to resist."
“I don’t as a rule - you know my preferred poison takes another form - but I am willing to indulge on your behalf in the circumstances.”
“Nothing, Mr Moran.  We merely provided you with your libations for the evening; the confession was all your own work.  Now if you would just like to accompany these gentlemen, they will see to your future accommodation.”
"Cheek!  Now get that delectable arse out of bed and I'll give you the full tour."
John moved his arm down between their bodies and encircled his hand around both shafts.  They both groaned as the added pressure and movement enhanced their pleasure.  John wasn’t far off himself and he could see that Sherlock was nearing his peak if his panting breaths were any indication.
Sherlock joined in the laughter and they sat in companionable silence watching the storm unfold around them.
John quickly pushed himself up to a sitting position then groaned as his body objected to the too-fast movement.
“Now, you’re just acting like a silly, little child.”
John yelped at the intrusion then moaned at the feeling of Sherlock’s warm mouth encircling him.  Sherlock played with him awhile; sucking and pressing further in, getting John used to the sensation.  John found it felt much better with Sherlock doing it, though the blow job was certainly helping with that, too.  Sherlock pushed his finger right in and felt around for the little nub that he knew should be right there – yes, that was it, if John’s reaction was anything to go by.  He quivered under Sherlock’s touch and groaned loudly, asking for more.  Sherlock smiled and did it again, loving the look on John’s face.  He used the opportunity to slide in another finger and he kept that up for a while, until John got used to it, and then he added another.  John was feeling so full, but at least the pain was tempered after Sherlock found his prostate, and he soon wanted more.
Greg nodded his acceptance of Sherlock’s acknowledgement and let himself out of John’s room, smiling to himself as he heard John asking Sherlock to take his clothes off, as he shut the door.
“That doesn’t count because I didn’t know what you were doing.”
Sherlock was very pleased with himself for managing it on his first attempt.  He had read up about it on some online forums so that he would be prepared for whatever John might want and was glad that he’d been able to put it in to practise so early in the proceedings.  One particular porn site he’d visited had shown a nice little trick with one man humming and swallowing around his partner’s cock.  Whilst it was obvious that the majority of the responses were faked to make the movie more of a spectacle, that particular move had seemed to cause a genuine effect on the recipient and Sherlock was keen to try it out on John.
Sherlock spotted a theatrical costumer on their way to the station car park and he insisted that they go there, before going anywhere else, as he wanted to get something for John.  He found a professional make-up kit in an attractive case which he thought would be the ideal gift.  On his way out he noticed a display of superior quality moustaches made with genuine human hair.  Though he himself certainly wasn’t keen on seeing John with whiskers, he had seen the gleam in John’s eye when a moustache was mentioned for his character. If John was going to have one, he was going to have the best, not some fake-looking, sticky-backed thing that would be almost drooping off before they even started.  The shop owner packaged it up in a display box and Sherlock bought the necessary glue and remover to go with it.
When I saw you limping across that clearing towards me, I could have wept.  It was only the soldier standing next to me that stopped me from running over to you.  He said that any wrong move at that stage could halt the whole exchange and they would rather shoot you than let you go so I had to nervously wait until you reached our side.
“How could you hear that, I was only doing it very quietly?”
"Indeed, though I'm afraid it's nothing on a par with yours."
“Thank you for that, Sherlock.  I appreciate that you left me in control of myself and didn’t try to lure me in with your charms.  That means a lot.  It was one of the things I was going to ask, in fact.  I need to know that you weren’t just chasing after me because you could but because I really mean something to you.”
“Delighted to meet you, Mr Watson, especially if this is the kind of effect you have on my dear brother.”
He’d tried writing at the beginning, when he’d first left to join the army, but he’d never had any answer so he’d assumed Sherlock hadn’t been happy about him going and was just making his displeasure know.  He had plenty of experience with how long Sherlock’s sulks could last but after no reply for that whole first year he’d given it up as a bad job.
John shuffled his feet, looking down at the leg that he had, indeed, temporarily forgotten was hurting for a moment.  “How did you know I was a doctor?”
Wednesday night found everybody packing and getting ready for departure.  Sherlock had been a little down at the fact that John was leaving.  It didn’t help that John couldn’t remember his mobile phone number off-hand, so he had had to write Sherlock’s number down in three places so that he didn’t lose it.  He had faithfully promised to text him as soon as he got home so that Sherlock would know what it was and be able to reply.
Sherlock didn’t look back, nor did he speak to John or even allow himself to be seen by him for three weeks; during which time, John had gone on two more dates with Trudy and then broken up with her after he saw her kissing Peter Williams behind the bike sheds.
The flight was rough to say the least with their small plane being buffeted constantly on its journey.  The pilot was, thankfully, very skilled and managed to keep a hold on it even during the worst gusts.  Things got worse the further they went, however, and when the lightning started the pilot shook his head and declared he would have to land as it was much too risky to fly through.  He radioed to the nearest air traffic control tower, but they were too far away to make it that distance.
“You know I do.  I think you’re one of the most handsome men I’ve ever met.”
He ran to the bathroom for a ‘cat’s lick and a promise’ as his mother used to say when she’d see him rushing out in a morning.  He threw on his clothes, swallowed some tablets with water to clear his mouth, put on his coat and shoes and ran down to the street to try his best to hail a cab.  When he eventually got one he sat in the back and rang the surgery to tell them he was very sorry to be late but he was on his way and would be there very soon.
“What are you doing here?  I don’t want to see you.”
“Oh, he’s just amazing with his fingers, Greg.  They’re so long and they can reach so deeply inside you, you’ll love it.  Can you feel him, is he there?”
They did the pool first, as they certainly didn’t want to be there when the cousins landed.  Sherlock explained that the water was kept at a comfortable temperature so it could be used all year round, and he saw John looking covetously at the water.
“You make me sound like a dog.”
“Sherlock said that the psycho on the roof told him that unless he killed himself then you, the copper and your landlady would all be shot.  Sherlock suspected he was gonna do something like that so he worked out a few options to get himself out of it.  He had to make it look real though so that the snipers would stand down and you’d all be safe.”
He smiled at him and mock shivered, “indeed; sentiment.”
"No, you shouldn't."  They grinned at each other.
“How about we take it in turns and strip each other?”
John resigned himself to it, knowing that Sherlock wouldn’t be rushed when he was in an exploratory mood.  He lifted his foot back up and held it in front of Sherlock’s face and lay back, waiting for Sherlock to begin again; hoping he didn’t plan on taking up the entire day on this part.
“Have a seat, John.”
“You mean Dr Watson, don’t you?  His appreciation and pride in your abilities was very clear to read.  Does he know about all of this?”
“I think that’s as good as we’re going to get.  Is your belt strapped on tight, this could be a little bumpy.”
They ended up staying at Sherlock’s manor house for just over seven weeks.  John had loved all the alone time with Sherlock and learning about his new abilities without interruptions and would have been quite happy to stay there longer, but he could tell that Sherlock was starting to get a bit antsy to be back in the thick of the action.  He was being very subtle about it for a change as opposed to his usual flouncing around and throwing himself on the sofa like he did at home, but there were just fleeting glimpses of boredom starting to sneak through and John wanted to stave it off before anything more explosive happened.  John was very appreciative of Sherlock’s efforts on his behalf and the fact that Sherlock was determined not to rush John back to civilisation before he was ready, but all the experiments he could think to run on how John reacted to new experiences had all been done and there wasn’t really any necessity to keep them here any longer.
“The unbelievable aspect was all down to John’s fanciful blogging.  Solving the crimes was elementary.  It was merely a case of observing and interpreting all the details presented.”
“No, she sounded pleased that I wanted to bring someone home.  I was saying ‘oh no’ because she said that Mycroft will bring us back from the station as he has some things to pick up.”
They made their way across the room and John nudged Sherlock on the shoulder.  They fell down on the bean bags laughing and poking at each other.
"If you say so, John."  Sherlock smiled fondly at him.  It made him happy to see John so enthused.  He had to wonder when it had happened that seeing someone else's happiness was enough for him, but then it was only one person that did it.  John always seemed able to push beyond his usual boundaries in all things.
"It's no problem."  Sherlock looked back at John who seemed awed and proud.  John squeezed Sherlock's leg under the table and Sherlock blushed again.  He'd have to stop that for a start.  Three times he'd blushed in less than ten minutes - not on, not on at all.  Luckily for Sherlock the focus left him then and they carried on with their read through; Jasmine and Freddie starting them off and then they were on a roll.
“Do you realise how much bacteria a person carries?  You could be infected with anything.”
“Blunt gets the job done, John.  There’s no need trying to deny your desire around us, Lestrade, you know that I know everything already, so would you like me to tell you how you want it or do you want to have that honour yourself.”
John pulled Sherlock behind a wall and took him into his arms and gave him a warm hug followed by a smattering of kisses all across his face.  He grinned up at him.
The character reveal had been made and the cast were on stage for the big dramatic conclusion of the show, and still Sherlock couldn’t think.  He scanned over the prop table, to see if something had been removed, but everything was where it should be, except for those props in use in this scene, of course.  He consciously tuned back in to the dialogue he could hear on stage; none of it was quite as loud from behind here, obviously, as the actors were all facing the audience.
“Are you doing anything special over Christmas?”
“Oh right.  Come on then.  Be very careful how you lift him.”
“Bloody hell, John, you nearly gave me a heart attack.”
“You’re amazing, Sherlock, just amazing.”
“Much more than concern and you know it.”
“You didn’t.  You just said ‘I love you’ - you have to mean it.”
“That’s great, thanks Kerry, Rachel.  How about with the scenery, Olivia, Julian?”
John and Sherlock moved over to stand by Julian.  It didn’t look as if he would be doing any escaping in the near future, though; he had just collapsed in his seat, staring blankly ahead, muttering incoherently
John had gone over and over the events of that night in his head and knew he couldn’t blame it on Sherlock, well, on either of them really as they had both been dreaming, it seemed.  When he had thought back over it he knew that his reaction and instant panic had been centred around his own sexuality and had nothing to do with Sherlock.  He recalled the happy look that had been on Sherlock’s face and the evidence of a wet stain on Sherlock’s pyjamas that showed John hadn’t been the only one who had enjoyed the dream.  He had still treated his friend very badly, though, and wanted to make amends.  He wanted to be friends again; Sherlock had always been in his life and he missed him more than anything.
It had always been kept as their day and not even Mary had been able to encroach on that as John enjoyed it just as much as Sherlock.  She was doing her best this evening, though.  John and Mary had had an argument earlier at school and John had been complaining about it all the way home to Sherlock, when Sherlock would far rather have been discussing what they, themselves, would be doing later.  Now, to make matters worse, they had only just finished tea when she had phoned John to go over it all again and he was wasting ‘their’ time talking to her.  As far as Sherlock could tell, it wasn’t even a real problem.  Mary had clearly misinterpreted something John had said and taken it completely the wrong way and John was trying to explain that he’d been joking and she wasn’t taking the apology very well either.  When he eventually put down the phone he looked really glum and Sherlock wanted nothing more than to make him feel better.
Sherlock took the scone and had a bite.  Oh my goodness, John was right, this was heavenly.  The little pieces of damson just burst in his mouth as he bit down on them; they were so sweet.  Sherlock tried to give the rest back to John but John shook his head and gestured for Sherlock to continue eating.  John pointed over to Sherlock's other scones with the jam and Sherlock nodded his agreement as he took another bite.  John pulled Sherlock's plate over and halved the scone which Sherlock had already taken a bite out of and covered it with jam, as well as the one he had yet to start.  When the scones were all covered in jam they savoured them quietly for a few moments, grinning at each other between bites whilst they finished them off.
“Well, you could have died, too.”
“I feel the same way.  In fact, I think I have from the beginning.  I’ve never had anyone react to me the way that you do.  It was such a change to get praise for my observations instead of anger or physical harm.”
"That's not true, I think of you always, John; more than I would imagine possible some times.  It seems that whatever I do you are there in my thoughts."
Whilst the others had rushed to help the injured parties, Sherlock had rushed over to examine the fallen light.  He instantly saw that this wasn't a problem with the way he and John had hung it; the wire had been purposely cut.  There was a straight line across the wire which certainly wouldn't have been caused by fraying.  Someone had meant for that light to fall; and now he just had to figure out if it was done to sabotage the play or to specifically injure one of the actors.
Mycroft was silent for a moment.  If nothing else, the sincerity in Sherlock’s gratitude told him just how deeply his brother felt for the Doctor and even for himself.  It wasn’t something he had heard often, or at all in recent decades, but it was nice to know underneath that it was still there.
“How can I lie here when there is skin to be tasted and flesh to be examined, John?”
"I think I pretty much saw it all this morning, thank you very much."
Here we are at the finale.  Find out how the performances go and see if you can guess Whodunnit?
“I certainly hope you do, Mr Holmes.”
John pulled back, looking at Sherlock warily.  This was the moment he had been dreading.  What should he do now?  Should he risk it all and tell him?  But what if he said how he really felt and Sherlock didn’t feel the same - would he completely alienate his best friend and have to move out?  He could play it safe and say nothing and just put their recent closeness down to his injuries.  But judging by how Sherlock himself had been behaving over the last couple of days, maybe it wouldn’t be quite as bad as he had previously been anticipating?
Jasmine sat down at this point, and was stunned enough in her shock, to allow Stacey to come over and put her arm around her.
“Right, yes, right.  Who’s the doctor around here?”
Mrs Watson was very impressed with Sherlock, who was on his best behaviour, and had opened the door for her and pulled out her chair.  John grinned at him, knowing that he was trying to get into her good graces, as he wanted to ask if John could come to stay with him again over the holidays.  John was just as keen for this to happen, so was happy to encourage the excessive manners he knew Sherlock didn’t usually display.
John kissed him then, soft and gentle; caressing Sherlock’s lips with his own before he placed a little kiss on his nose.
“Yeah, it was amazing, just one thing though; she’s my sister not my brother.”
"That's what mum's do, Sherlock.  They're always proud of anything we make them.  Our Christmas tree at home is covered in things Harry and I have made.  There are various other decorations around the house which we have to put out every year, even though some of them are getting a little tatty these days.  I think it's lovely that your mum treasures it."
“Problem, John?”
"You're definitely strong enough.  Look how you stopped yourself from feeding on me on your very first day.  You've done amazingly well, John, I'm really proud of you.  I'd say you're more than capable if you think you're ready to go back."
See return address on envelope
“You’ve been saying that for two weeks already.  Isn’t there anything you want to do?”
“Why don’t you give it a go and if you feel uncomfortable we can stop.  It’s so rare that I get an opportunity to dance, and I’ll let you in on a little secret - which I will deny if you mention - that I love dancing.”
When they arrived on the scene, Sherlock ignored Sally’s attempt to keep them out, as usual, and they made their way over to Greg who was waiting in the doorway.
“I just thought it might make the slide a little easier.  Shall we try?”
Props –                                      Sherlock Holmes
"Mike is bound to come in here when he gets back to find out where I am.  He'll have noticed I wasn't with Sarah and might think I'm upset."
It’s one year today since I wrote that first letter.  Can you believe it?  I’ve known you for a whole year and only seen you once but I feel as if you are part of me, John.  A part of me that is missing.  I don’t feel whole without knowing where you are.  The unknown is just killing me.  If I have a mystery I have to solve it but I can’t solve this.  They won’t let me come over there to look.  Mycroft says he is still checking into everything; trying to find something out but it’s been months with nothing.
It took a few minutes before either of them had the ability to move.  John nuzzled against the skin of Sherlock's neck where his head was resting.  He kissed him and then tilted his head back to look up at him.
Sherlock took a few more draughts of the delicious endorphin-rich blood then he licked the wound to seal the puncture marks.  He licked the skin all round to clean it up and then moved up higher to lick all the come off John’s shaft and abdomen.  He wanted to taste everything and watching John come like that had left him feeling happier than he thought he ever had been in his life.  The only thing which could possibly top it would be biting John’s neck whilst Sherlock came deep within his arse.  That would definitely have to be the next thing on the agenda if John would agree to it.  Sherlock rested his head on John’s abdomen and felt a soft touch to his hair as John rested his hand there, not even having the energy to move it about.  Sherlock placed a gentle kiss next to John’s belly button and then let them both rest and recover.
Anderson was next to Sally and after he’d introduced himself, the person sat next to him went and so on until it reached Sherlock who was sat next to a girl called Stacey who had just introduced herself as being in charge of the lighting and sound.
As John came down from the high of his orgasm, he opened his eyes and looked down at his love below him.  Seeing Sherlock looking up at him with such confidence brought him back to himself and much as it pained him to stop he allowed his fangs to pull out and he licked the open wounds he had made on Sherlock’s wrist.  He covered the whole area, making sure he hadn’t left a single drop then he released the arm and rested his forehead against Sherlock’s own.
This was the last rehearsal session before they broke up for the holidays on Thursday morning as the Wednesday evening would be spent with everyone packing ready to leave.  They had had quite a few more rehearsals since that first one and, although everything seemed to be moving with a greater flow now that they were getting into it all, there was still a bit of an edge to the interactions between some of the actors.
“Shall we curtail our walk then?  I have much more interesting plans for you.”
“I should have trusted that I did know that.  I stupidly let myself be influenced by Mycroft.”
“You sound like you’re in a bad Sam Spade novel.”
John reached over and took Sherlock’s hand, leaning close to look into his eyes.  “It doesn’t bother me at all.  In fact, I feel honoured that out of anyone you could have had, at any time, you’ve chosen me.”
"What's stopping us then?"
By Joolz
"Um, thanks for that, John.  What decision am I going to be asked to make?"
John pushed Sherlock ahead of him and made him take a drink as well; he was determined to curb this habit he had noticed of Sherlock just not bothering with food.  The tables and chairs had been set out in a circle so that they could all chat together.  John found himself sat next to Jasmine who was on her own waiting for Freddie to join her, so he felt compelled to chat with her a little, for the sake of politeness.
“I’m really just still ‘John’.  I still eat and drink and would be happy to get back to our pub nights if you felt comfortable to do that, but I don’t want to push things.  I’ll wait ‘til you’re ready, if you decide that’s what you want.”
John laughed. “Oh, just come here, you.”
“What the hell was that, Sherlock?  You nearly disrupted the whole play.”
“What are you doing here in the park then?”
“Yes, I’ll be fine.  I’ll call someone if he gets any worse, don’t worry.  Thank you for… everything.”
“You know you can’t go home just yet, Sherlock, so don’t think of running off.  I have aired your room in my house and it has been fully equipped with some new Spencer Hart suits in your preferred style and a new laptop and phone.  I’ll have George bring the car round now for you.”
“We got him, Sherlock.  We got Moran.  We’re all safe now.  You did it; you saved me.”
They both took hold under John’s arms and pulled him up.  They put his arms around their shoulders so they could walk him forwards with little input from himself, which was fortunate.  It was slow progress, but they eventually got him up to his room.  They’d had to stop at one point and Sherlock and Greg fake laughed whilst Sherlock held John’s head up by the back of his hair, so that it looked as if they were just having a joke together when one of the teachers walked by them.  Greg leaned John against Sherlock as he went to open the door.  John pressed his head into Sherlock’s neck and took a deep sniff.
“It’s fine.  Shall we try that again?”
“I assume by the mere fact of you deigning to speak to me that you are done and wish to come home.”
Keep yourself safe.
Sherlock also used the time to do some serious research about everything he could do or have done to him and had already declared that he needed to try absolutely everything.  Purely in the interest of scientific research, of course.  His willingness to try these new activities had nothing to do with the way John could make his pulse race and his stomach writhe with a mere look.
“Well, about that.  I realise it is not usual to discuss private matters with someone one has just met, but I have not had anyone with whom to converse in almost two years.  Would you mind if I expounded on some concerns?”
If they chose Rock they had to crouch into a ball with their hands around the knees.  If they chose Scissors they had to stand with legs wide and arms joined together and bent behind the heads.  If they chose Paper they had to stand with arms stretched out high and wide and legs split open.  Rock would beat Scissors, Scissors would beat Paper and Paper would beat Rock as in the traditional game.
You need have no worries about that ridiculous person who contacted you.  It was none other than my interfering brother, sticking his enormously long nose in to places where it has no business whatsoever.  I have texted him and informed him to leave you alone so I hope he will not bother you again.  I knew being nice to him was a mistake, even though I was emulating you.  My saying thank you to him over co-signing that lease had apparently shaken him up so much that he wanted to speak to you himself.  I soon put him straight and told him that what I do and with whom I do it is nothing to do with him.  That might keep him out of our hair for a few weeks at least, I don’t hold out hope for much more than that; he is just impossible.
“You can do anything you like.”
“John!” he hissed in John’s ear, “what do you think you’re doing?”
“Once again your investigation has been hampered by Anderson’s incompetence, Lestrade.”
For the first time in months, John felt energised.  Regardless of the fact that it was so early in the morning, he didn’t feel the least bit tired.  Probably had had enough sleep to last him weeks recently and he wanted to know what was going on right now so he quickly got dressed and headed out in search of Billy.
John struggled to focus through his bloodshot, but still partially open, right eye.  He could just make out the frustrated expression on his kidnapper’s face so he smiled as best he could, causing more blood to flow from his split lip as he stretched it.
You have a sister, a couple of years older than yourself, as you also have a picture of yourself with a girl with very similar features to you in your hat.  It’s just you and her as you have lost your parents, though I can’t claim to have read that from your photo as you told me that yourself.  You aren’t too close to her any more as the picture is quite old so you obviously prefer to think back to happier times with her when you were younger than to think of her now.
I would have to agree with you that group therapy sessions are the worst kind of hell.  I was made to go to one after my parents were killed.  It was bad enough having to speak to a single therapist let alone a whole roomful of people.   I get how some people feel that sharing with others is helpful but I guess I’m just not one of them.
“I… I don’t really know how to respond to that.”
They cheered again and Sally turned on the music in the background for now and everyone made their way over to the table which was set up for food and drink.  Anderson was there passing out plates and they all helped themselves to some sandwiches and crisps.  Mrs Price had a real soft spot for Greg, who was always nice to her and complimented her on her food, so she had also done them some vol-au-vents, sausage rolls, mini quiches and pizza slices.  Everyone tucked in happily, even Sherlock took some of the savoury snacks after he was glared at by John.  Sally was pouring out brightly coloured plastic beakers filled with Coke which she left on the end of the table for them to take as they reached the end of the food line.
The curtain rose and Jasmine, as Molly, was seated next to the table with the radio.  As she flicked the switch, Sherlock’s dulcet tones poured forth upon the audience and they were off.
John loved the way they challenged each other and he couldn’t let that go.  He sucked his finger in to his mouth, making a show of getting it dripping wet.  He slid his arm over Sherlock’s leg and followed a trail from the base of Sherlock’s spine to his hole, circling it before pushing the tip of his finger in and giving it a little wiggle.  Sherlock pushed his hips forward, trying to get his cock into John’s mouth.  John denied him full access, merely kissing the tip instead and at the same time he pushed his finger in further and rubbed against Sherlock’s prostate sending a shiver right through him.
Being a medical man, I have to agree with those saying that you really shouldn’t be doing drugs.  I’ve seen the outcomes of far too many overdoses when I’ve done shifts in A&E and it would be such a waste of your life to end up like that.  You sound like you’re an intelligent guy and you must know how bad it is and how easy to slip from supposed recreation to full-blown addiction – all it takes is one hit and then you need another and another until your last one and it’s all over.  I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to lecture you there, but I really would like to continue writing to you so any means to keep you alive would be preferable to me.
“Really?  What did you find out, then?”
The pilot pulled up just before he reached the end of the field and turned it round so that it was facing the right way for take-off and came to rest.  Once everything had stopped they jumped out and had a look at the strut.  It looked a little bowed but luckily it hadn’t buckled completely.
“It’s fine.  If it had bothered me I would have taken steps to divert your attention or simply closed my curtains.”
"Go on then.  I know you're dying to tell me."
Sherlock shuddered.  "I'm taking John on a tour of the estate, so I'm positive we'll be far too busy."
“I could tell; that’s why I got us out of there.  You were amazingly restrained, though; well done for that.  I think your mum was impressed, too.”
“Jury is out on that one.  Shall I phone Lestrade and try it again and see what he thinks?”  John started to reach towards the drawer.
Sherlock loved it when John touched him like that.  He didn’t think John even realised what he was doing; that he was inadvertently giving off ‘hands off, he’s mine’ signals; certainly not in the beginning when he had started doing it anyway.  Now he seemed a little more blatant about it and Sherlock was secretly thrilled that John was showing a possessive interest in him.  He tried to reward John by smiling deeply at him whenever he was touched and the positive reinforcement seemed to be working as John had begun doing it more often.  He would put his hand on Sherlock’s back when he ushered him through a door or brush his fingers across Sherlock’s hand when passing him a cup of tea.  Sherlock made sure to reciprocate on the exceedingly rare occasions he put the kettle on which was usually only when he was trying to get back in John’s good books after a minor explosion in the kitchen or when John discovered one of his jumpers had been experimented on, ‘obviously to validate a vital alibi, John’.
"Let's have another drink and you can tell me how you knew all that.  Coffee again?"
Greg had been enjoying himself so much that he hadn’t even noticed that he still had his trousers on.  Now he thought about it though they were actually quite uncomfortably tight, and when he stood up, he was pleased to see that John noticed how they were impressively tented.
"I have ridden a bit, yes.  There's a farm near to my grandparents with horses.  I used to go over to help them muck out and exercise the horses, to earn some extra money, so I hope I'll be able to keep up."  John winked at him.  "You have an indoor pool?"
“Oh yes, that would be great if you came to see.  We’ll reserve you a seat right at the front so you have a perfect view; you and Mrs Johnson.”
“That is brilliant, guys, did you do that all from scratch.”
“More than anything.”
Sherlock shook his head gently, looking downcast.  John knew he couldn’t leave Sherlock in that state and knew he would finally have to make the confession he had been hoping to put off as long as possible.  He was sure of his own feelings but was not completely certain of the depth of Sherlock’s and he had wanted to wait as long as possible in case it made things awkward between them.  Seeing Sherlock looking so unsure of himself meant there was no way John couldn’t answer him, though.  He had to man up and tell Sherlock how he felt and just hope that Mycroft had been right about Sherlock’s own feelings.
“He wrongly assumed that this was just rubbish when it does, in fact, explain how the entire crime was committed.”
When he woke again, he was instantly aware that he was not alone.  There was no-one standing near his equipment so it was unlikely to be a nurse, but he just knew that something else had disturbed him.  He was propped slightly over to his right side with his left shoulder resting on cushions to stop him pulling on any of the stitches.  He carefully rolled himself over and looked towards the window.  The room was in relative darkness, except for the lights from the machines, but he’d know that silhouette anywhere.
“Well, I don’t want to subject you to any form of diarrhoea - wholly unpleasant.”
“Yes but hasn’t it been fun trying out all those experiments?”
John woke slowly, feeling lovely and warm and hugging his teddy bear.  Teddy bear?  He hadn’t had a teddy bear since he was six.  He squeezed it a bit tighter and heard a huff of breath.  His eyes shot open.  As he saw the dark curly hair in front of his face, he suddenly remembered where he was, and whom it was, exactly, that was in his arms.  He felt a big smile appearing and he snuggled his nose into the warm neck.  He nudged Sherlock’s hair aside and kissed the soft skin underneath, trailing his lips lightly across.  Sherlock made a quiet humming noise and nestled himself back against John.  His arse was pressing into John’s crotch, rubbing against John’s morning erection.  How had he never known how good that felt?  Well, of course, he knew why not, but he was very much afraid, that now he’d experienced waking up with Sherlock in his arms, he never wanted to wake without him again.  He stroked his fingers across Sherlock’s chest, drawing little circles on the pale skin and John knew the exact moment that Sherlock woke up as he felt the instant tensing of muscles.
“Unfortunately, yes.  However, this is necessary so please have a seat.”
“Would you like me to fuck you right now, John?  To feel my cock filling your arse with every stroke?”
Sherlock didn’t need telling twice.  He captured John’s lower lip, nipping it with his fang and licking the blood which bubbled to the surface.  John pulled away, worried.
“The others won’t be out ‘til after dinner so we’ve got time for a dip if you wanted to try it?”
“Thanks, Dad.”
“Yours will be too hot for sitting around in all day and the silk will be soft against your bruises.”
“What excuse are we going to give everyone for being out here?”
“Shhh, relax, Sherlock.”
“How could I ever leave you?  You idiot.”
“Yeah, I will.  Thanks, John.  This has helped actually.”
I’m glad you’ve moved in to our flat already, it will be nice to know that we have a place to be together and I can think of you there and imagine myself right beside you.  I don’t have a lot of things put by.  Most of the furniture went to my sister; there wasn’t much I wanted at the time so all I have really are some books and clothes and a few personal items so I can get those from her next time I’m home.  I wouldn’t really want to force any more contact upon you than necessary.
“Sorry, I momentarily forgot about your injuries.  Though I do have to say, you squealed like a little girl.”
“Speaking of sharing oneself,” Sherlock smiled to lighten the mood and rotated his hips, brushing his cock against the very obvious bulge in John’s trousers.  “One of us appears to be seriously overdressed in this partnership.”
John shook his head slightly and rubbed his thumb over the back of Sherlock’s hand.
Shaws Drama Club
“I thought I would quite like to see you wearing it - but not around your neck, either.  I thought it would look very attractive around your wrists, tying them securely to the headboard.  What do you think – are you up for that?”
“Oh, I think I might have seen something about that.  Some detective guy, right?”
Greg had joined Sally and Anderson by the chandelier.
“I sincerely hope you do.”
John was discharged on his own cognisance when the Consultant made his rounds later that morning.  He seemed fully recovered from whatever had been injected and his cuts and bruises would just heal in their own time.  Sherlock had rolled his eyes earlier when a set of John’s own clothes had been delivered, obviously by someone on Mycroft’s staff, but he knew it would make John feel more like himself so he didn’t kick up a fuss at Mycroft’s overbearing manner in this instance.  There was also a car waiting for them when they exited the building, but again, Sherlock knew John would be more comfortable in such a well sprung vehicle as opposed to a random taxi, so he merely opened the door and escorted John inside.
The surgery was long and complex but John was impressed with the skill of both surgeons and knew that Sherlock was in good hands and should hopefully make a full recovery on both counts.  When they were done they moved him to a private assessment room to keep an eye on him through the night.
“How did you… never mind.  So what if I did anyway?”
John got the lube which had thoughtfully been left for them (and no he wasn’t going to think about that in relation to Mycroft in any way) and liberally covered his fingers as he started inserting them into Sherlock, driving him as mad as he could with his teasing strokes.  He circled Sherlock’s prostate without touching it a few times then he rubbed over it once before pulling out and adding an extra finger.  He did this each time and Sherlock was panting and moaning at every touch.
“I’m doing an experiment; collecting different soil samples to examine under my microscope.”
“How do I…?  How do I know if it’s worked, Mycroft; if I gave him enough?  I can’t lose him.  I just…”
Sherlock's face fell.  When he got something in his mind he liked to get on with it straight away, as John knew only too well.
“You don’t really want me to stop, do you?  I think you like it.”  This time John trailed the feather up Sherlock’s left side and right up to the openly exposed arm pit and twirled it around as Sherlock tried to bring as much of his arm down as he could from that angle, which wasn’t an awful lot.
They ended up in Covent Garden, where many stalls were still open for late night Christmas shopping and the street performers were drawing large crowds of tourists, out enjoying the festive atmosphere.  They stopped for a while to watch a man juggling flaming wands until John noticed that Sherlock's eyes were focused on someone in the crowd instead of the performer.
Sherlock stretched out his arm and brushed his fingers along John’s shoulder and up to hold on to the back of his neck.  He tugged gently and John easily leant forward.  John paused for a moment as he got near enough to touch and held Sherlock’s gaze.  His eyes dropped to Sherlock’s lips and John’s tongue poked out of its own volition to lick his own lips before he inched closer and took his first taste of Sherlock’s.  A deep moan was heard and neither of them could say who had made it first as another joined it immediately after.
“Afghanistan.  What… How are you here?”
“Your buttons haven’t been stolen.  They took your shirt off because of all the blood.  You’re wearing a hospital gown.”
John laughed as he bent forward, kissed Sherlock’s head then pushed him upright, dragging him along as he dashed up to their bedroom.  As soon as he got there he pushed Sherlock against the door and starting undoing buttons as he covered his face in soft kisses.  Sherlock wasn’t far behind and was soon pulling John’s jumper, trying to get it over his head without stopping the kissing.
“Sometimes I wonder.”  Sherlock grinned at him.
He had managed to get on with Harry for most of the time, too.  She always laid off the booze in front of their grandparents so even she hadn't been too bad except, it seemed, for the near constant teasing about his ‘friend’.  Whenever he hadn't been busy listening to stories, the majority of his time had been spent answering texts from Sherlock.
They managed to make their way over to the bed whilst still kissing, Sherlock crawling backwards as John leant over him and straddled his way until they were both fully sited then Sherlock let go as his head dropped down to the bed.
“She was doing them for Valentine’s Day or some such nonsense.  I gave you the best cakes with the most on, John.  You should have seen the one I gave Mycroft; I drew a pig on it.”
“Pleased to meet you both,” Greg smiled at them and stepped towards the bar next to Mycroft.  “Shall we get some drinks and find a table?”
“Well, no, actually; sorry to disappoint you.  I was wondering if we should maybe wait ‘til after New Year, when all the relatives have gone.  Mummy is going back to Berkshire with her sister for a few days, like she usually does, and I happen to know that Mycroft has to go back to the City too.  We would have the place to ourselves and could take our time, without being disturbed.”
Greg’s eyes rolled up into the back of his head as John’s words flowed over him.  The dirty talk coming from the usually so polite doctor was almost more than he could take.  Sherlock looked across at John and smiled proudly at him as he pushed another finger into Greg, working him open, knowing that John would soon be where his fingers were now.
It hadn’t been all smooth sailing, of course.  They had their fights like everyone else; none more so than when Sherlock was ten and John, at thirteen, had got his first girlfriend.  John had taken Trudy Johnson to the local cinema and held hands with her in the back row.  When he got back home he had a big grin on his face.
“Hi, pleased to meet you.  I’m Martin Crieff.  Sherlock, that’s unusual.  Like that famous detective from London.”
“Wow!  I can’t take it in that you’re really him.  Some of the things you did were unbelievable.”
They meandered back towards the stables, giving the horses time to cool down, and they eventually got back to the house just in time to change for dinner.  Sherlock had told John that the rest of the family tended to stay until after New Year, when they had another party, so there was a full house for dinner.  Sherlock and John were, thankfully, sat at the opposite end to the cousins, so they spent a pleasant meal conversing with Sherlock’s favourite Uncle.  He was a Chemistry Professor at Cambridge and the pair of them took turns, happily describing their latest experiments in great detail.
“Darlings, don’t you both look wonderful?  That’s a lovely colour on you Sherlock, we ought to get you some more of those; and John, don’t you look handsome in that blue, it looks so good against your blond hair.”
“Sherlock!”
Sherlock stopped at that stage, looking down at his nails as he waited for the inevitable screech of the chair pushing out as John stormed off.  Nothing happened, though, and when he glanced up, John's mouth was hanging open, a stunned look on his face.  As John closed his mouth and licked his lower lip before speaking, Sherlock held his breath, here it came.
"Even over Oxford or Cambridge?  Greg tells me you're like a genius or something."
"You know what you're doing, go ahead."
“I know; Mycroft explained it to me – eventually.  It would have been nicer if he had done so before I spent months grieving over you though.”
Maybe he had needed this time for his conscious mind to catch up with himself but he knew that, when he looked across at Sherlock sitting by himself, there was no-one else with whom he wanted to spend his evening – or his whole life if it came to that.  He had to go to him now.  He couldn’t leave him by himself a moment longer.  He needed to make this right.
"It's a male, probably 70 - 80 when he died, judging by the condition of the teeth.  Practically an omnivore, in fact, as the incisors are hardly worn and there is far more erosion on the lower molars.  No visible injuries, so not a traumatic death.  Not a particularly tall man given the distances between the facial features but hardy.  I would say you got this when you were up in Scotland and it is most likely the skull of a shepherd from the highlands."
Sherlock shook his head at the interruption and carried on.  “When I didn’t get any letters or anything from you after you left, I told myself I must have imagined it; that I was just seeing what I wanted to see.  It somehow seemed easier to believe Mycroft when he told me you were wrapped up in your real friends now and didn’t want a kid hanging around.  I spiralled a bit after that.  Well, I’ve already told you about that so there’s no need to re-hash it all, …but to know that you loved me all that time and hadn’t forgotten about me, … well I just wish I had known that sooner.”
“Oh John.  You could never not be good.  That’s the problem.  I want to have you right here, right now and I don’t think your middle class sensibilities could handle the very public display we would be putting on.”
John could think of nothing better.  He grinned back, “I would love to.”
“It was in one of those trashy books my sister reads.  It was all I had to read on one of our train journeys up to Scotland.  The sentiment holds true though – would you like to go up to my room and we can finally do a bit more than just kissing.  Not that I object to the kissing part, of course, because kissing you is the most amazing thing, but still…”
S Holmes
“Come on, John, we can’t let him get away with those plans.”
“Yes, the parts have all arrived so we’re hoping to get it finished today.”
He sang the song, hesitantly at first, but slowly gaining in confidence as he went through.  When he was finished he kept his head bent over his guitar, unsure if he wanted to see what the other boy thought of the way he had mauled his creation.  He peeked up through his lashes, then raised his head as he saw the stunned look on his face.
“Could I ask you a question?”
Sherlock wandered round the room, examining the body and the surrounds.  In the corner under a desk he found a splintered piece of wood which the techs had left, assuming it was just junk lying amongst the rest of the detritus on the floor.
"Well, that wasn't too bad.  Greg said he'd put the list up tomorrow with all the parts.  I asked him about you, too, and he was grateful for the offer of help so that'll be great if we get to do this together."
“Let’s move it along.  Question?”
Sherlock tried to shake his head but he clearly didn’t have any strength left.  He latched on to the word ‘John’ though and John leaned closer to hear him mumbling under his breath.
John stared into Sherlock’s eyes for a long time, assuring himself of the truth he saw there.
John smiled back at him.  “Will do.”  Then he was gone, rushing down the stairs to catch up with Sherlock before he disappeared to chase down the next clue.
“Ok, I’ll lie with you for now.  Come on.”
Sherlock blushed, “I’m happy to see you, too.  It has been deathly dull without you.”
My John
“I fear you are flattering unnecessarily, John, as you already have our accompaniment for the duration.”
“Would someone really do that?”
Sherlock put his hand out to catch hold of John’s arm as he left.  John shrugged it off quickly and pulled away, just looking at Sherlock before he fled down the stairs and out into the street.  Sherlock closed the door and went over to the window where he saw John hurrying down the road in the direction of the park where their evening had started so well.  He placed his forehead and palm against the window and watched until John disappeared from sight, wondering what he was going to do now.  Was John going to come back?  How would he survive if he didn’t?
John’s hands were in Sherlock’s hair now, stroking through and grasping whenever Sherlock hit a particularly sensitive spot.  He was muttering under his breath, and every time he looked down at Sherlock in front of him he gasped and tipped his head back, screwing his eyes shut and muttered some more.
The person understudying all the female parts was Rebecca and, like Marcus, she was making notes on her script.  She kept sighing when the scene had to be re-played, but it looked like it was over Jasmine's performance rather than any personal problems with any of the people.  Sherlock ascertained that her issue was in the fact that Jasmine had been given the part at all, when she clearly felt that she was the better actress, and should have been given the main role, not merely an understudy part.
“I loved it, Sherlock, it was amazing.  You are amazing.”
“Unfortunately, it was necessary to keep him in the dark to maintain his safety, so he is unaware of my continued existence.”
"I was testing the scar tissue for malleability and sensations.  For example, I could tell that the scar tissue extends to a depth of 3 mm and has 37% less sensation to stimuli than..."
“’My’ doctor?”
Sherlock put one arm around John’s back and held the other up ready for John to take.  John held on tight, stumbling a little as Sherlock edged him back on to his bad leg but Sherlock didn’t allow him to fall and swiftly moved them back on to John’s stronger leg again.  He provided stability every time they moved, placing his leg close to John’s own and holding firmly above John’s waist to provide him support and pretty soon John stopped over-thinking things and just let himself follow the music.
On the opposite wall there were two doors.  The first led into a large bathroom, painted in cream with gold highlights, with a large claw foot tub and a separate shower.  That meant the other had to be Sherlock’s dressing room.  This was surprisingly large inside – well, probably not surprising if he thought about the rest of what he’d seen - with one wall covered floor to ceiling with a built-in wardrobe.  The top half was hanging space, with Sherlock’s suits neatly lined up in protective bags and shirts in front of those, graduating in colour tones from left to right.  The bottom half was taken up with drawers and shelves and a dresser top displaying some boxed cuff-links and a hair brush, comb and clothes brush.  The wall facing this had a full length mirror and, in the place where he presumed there was usually a chair or sofa, there was now set up a metal framed bed.  Not a common, fold-up bed like he had been expecting, but a proper solid framework, which must have been constructed within the room, as it didn’t appear that it would have fit through the doorway.  He was almost sorry he wouldn’t be sleeping in it now as the mattress seemed very comfortable when he pressed down on it.  His bags had already been brought up and were on the floor in the corner. They went back into the main bedroom and sat on Sherlock’s bed.
“Can I…?”
“My hearing is extremely acute.  I decided that if you wanted contact I would oblige so I came over here. When I approached I heard the music coming much louder from the roof so I picked the lock and here we are.”
“Of course; you grab that arm and I’ll take this one.”
“There’s no harm saying now as my brother is in the process of bringing me back to life as we speak – and you have obviously signed the Official Secrets Act if you are in his employ – that it was all a necessary subterfuge to bring down a criminal empire.”
Sherlock took John's lower lip into his mouth and bit gently, not piercing it but just enjoying having any part of John in his grasp.  He slid his hand down John's chest, lightly pinching a nipple on the way past and circling John's belly button, before carrying on down to stroke John's already fully hard cock.
Sherlock had declared that he wasn’t going to go but his mother had other ideas and had insisted that he must attend.  She said it was a rite of passage at which he had scoffed and said he had no need of such pedestrian pursuits but when she had brought his father into the discussion as well, he knew he was out of options and gave in, begrudgingly.
It certainly seems to me, if you can do things like that just from a comment in a letter, that you would make an excellent Consulting Detective.  Maybe it would be easier if you had an individual person you could contact and talk to about your insight into cases rather than bombarding the general police switchboard.  You might be able to build up a rapport with one person and be more likely to be believed if they see the proof of your results.  I’d certainly trust in your skills after what I’ve seen already.
John winced at the puncture but as soon as Sherlock took his first pull of blood, John felt a spark of bliss shoot up his leg and across to his cock.  It seemed to tingle all round his balls and up his shaft and the next moment, his head shot up and he shouted to the heavens as he came harder than he thought possible without even being touched.  He collapsed back down on the bed, barely conscious and just lay there recovering.
“That is a ridiculous statement.  How can you have a frog in your throat?  From where would it have come?”
“You really shouldn’t drink alone like that.  Especially considering your family history.”
“I’d love to be there with you.  I can’t say I’m looking forward to spending time with Harry either; she’ll be too busy drinking and partying with all her friends.  I suppose the only good thing is she won’t be able to do that whilst we’re in Scotland, but as soon as we come back she will, especially with Mum going out that night.”
"Yes."
Five times in the last two years!  That was just crazy.  Perhaps it was something he should add to his resume - soldier, doctor, kidnapping victim.  Maybe he could also add tea boy, phone-fetcher and illuminator of light to the list of duties he could perform.  His eminently gorgeous flatmate certainly got his money’s worth out of his share of their rent.
“Why would Sherlock be uncomfortable, John?”
They set off to collect soil from several different areas of the park.  John held the bag whilst Sherlock dug down to get a good sample.  When each bag was filled they carefully tied it up and John wrote the precise location that Sherlock described to him so they would be able to analyse exactly what differences were to be found in each area of soil.
“So it would seem.  I am loath to put you into an unknown situation though.  Sherlock would be most unhappy if I placed you in danger.”
John used his army signals to gesticulate that he would go first and for them to keep their eyes and ears wide open.  Sherlock rolled his eyes and used signals of his own to point to John and to mime fangs and hearing and point upstairs indicating John should listen.  John smiled and shrugged, he still wasn’t used to using his new powers in such situations.  He listened with his enhanced hearing and he could detect an increased heart rate from someone in the front bedroom.  John pointed to where he could detect the person and Sherlock nodded so they made their way slowly up the stairs and headed forwards.  They stood to either side of the door.  John indicated that he would kick the door and roll to the right and Sherlock was to wait a second then go left and they could hopefully outflank their target as he wouldn’t be able to keep both of them covered on opposite sides of the room at the same time.
As he reached their door and went for the handle, it opened seemingly by itself and he was hit by a blast of warmth from the fire he saw blazing in the hearth in front of him.  He shuffled forward, as if drawn in by that mesmerising heat source and vaguely felt the door close behind him.  His coat was pulled from his shoulders and his arms were raised as the scrub top was pulled over his head.  A towel was draped around his neck as the hands moved down to remove his trousers, pants, socks and shoes in one go.  He knew he shouldn’t really be allowing himself to be stripped by unseen hands but he was too far gone to realise half of what was happening; he just stood bemusedly looking at the fire.
