‘To get some dry clothes. I don’t want to drip everywhere.’
Cas doesn’t answer, just works his thumbs into the base of Dean’s spine, releasing the pressure there, before moving back up. It’s difficult for Dean to lie here and let Cas do this, to not feel like he’s not worthy of such care. But it feels so so good. And Cas
She shrugs it off, then says Jody, Donna, Alex and Kaia all send their best and that she’ll be staying at the bunker for a few days before she heads back home, which pleases Dean. And then she makes him put the new CD on and it’s honestly not that bad. He tells her as much, but has to add, ‘It’s no Zeppelin, though,’ when she looks too smug.
‘I… What?’
‘Dean?’
(See the end of the chapter for
So when he sees Cas by the river he thinks
Dean stands beside him, close enough that their hands brush and Castiel can feel his warmth. He can sense Dean’s aura, too. It’s a steady hum against Castiel’s, the way it always has been. It’s more calming than the serenity of the lake.
Jack frowns. ‘No.’
It takes them a long time—to the end of the world and back more than once—but eventually, they come together. Falling into each other’s arms years after falling in love.
‘Dean?’
Cas rolls his eyes and makes a show of turning away, but he pauses, brow furrowed, and turns back. He stalks over to Dean, stopping Dean from pulling his shirt back down and says, ‘You
And if that doesn’t just about break Dean’s heart. ‘OK.’ Screw it. If he can’t talk about cuddling with his boyfriend/partner/lover/
Conventional isn’t for him. Never has been.
. In which case…well, at least part of Dean also wants to know about it, but he probably shouldn’t barge in if Cas is getting some quality alone time. Does Cas even… Well, he
‘Relax, I’m kidding,’ Dean says. He isn’t, but he doesn’t want Cas to worry more than he already is.
It’s slipping away. The tighter Dean tries to hold on, the harder it is to keep in his grasp.Every time Cas went rogue before, Dean got it. Dean got Cas. They got
‘Guess maybe you don’t.’ Dean huffs. ‘Look, man, I ain’t good at this but… You mean a lot to— To me. And I… I need—’ He purses his lips, brow furrowed. ‘I need you to not do anything like that again.’
Cas twists the shirt he’s still holding, then sets it aside, turning back to look at Dean. ‘You… You asked me, more than once the past few days, why I avoided you when Jack brought me back, and I only said I couldn’t face you.’ Cas licks his lips and Dean nods for him to continue: ‘The reason I couldn’t is I thought that, after what I said to you, you might feel obligated to me. Obligated to return—‘ Cas cuts himself off, but Dean gets the picture.
‘I’m just glad to be here.’
Most of Castiel’s fantasies about Dean have been abstract—he’s
‘Yeah?’
‘I just…’ There’s pink in Cas’s cheeks; he lifts his shoulders. ‘Why did you kiss me?’
a mother hen,’ Castiel says, ‘and if I were, I’ve learnt from the best.’
It’s the first time Dean’s thought about it and he can only say, ‘I don’t know.’ He doesn’t know what else to say, and he doesn’t know what Cas wants him to say, or if he wants Dean to say anything in particular. He shrugs. ‘I’ll probably get cabin fever soon enough, though.’
‘You didn’t—’ Dean swallows and rubs the back of his neck. ‘It’s not you. I’m just an idiot.’ He gives a low, rueful laugh. ‘And a coward.’
:) (or just feel free to come say hi over there!)
He closes his fist around the grip, just to have something in his hand, slowly standing and turning on the spot. There’s a kid standing between the two beds, hand raised in an awkward wave, a small smile on his face. He looks harmless, but that doesn’t count for much.
‘I don’t think I could eat anything else.’
. Fuck. Dean is no good at this, and Cas is looking at him expectantly, and he looks so tired and human, and Dean’s chest aches. ‘Well, about a lot of things.’ He runs a hand over the back of his neck. ‘But, first, wanna talk about what’s keeping you up nights?’
‘Feel what?’
He looks at Sam, who is paused in the middle of the kitchen, looking like he was trying to escape and got frozen in the attempt.
‘I don’t know what you want me to say.’
‘No problem.’ Dean watches Cas walk toward the kitchen door from the corner of his eye, then says, ‘Hey, Cas.’
‘Whose?’
Footsteps sound behind Dean, harried and growing closer by the second. Dean quit hunting over a year ago, but old instincts die hard, and he’s on alert before he has time to drop the bag of pork rinds he was inspecting into the shopping cart.
But then Dean tugs gently at Castiel’s bottom lip with his teeth, sucking on it, and Castiel’s focus narrows to the strangely pleasant sting. He returns the gesture, eliciting a pleased sound from Dean, and slides his tongue into Dean’s mouth when his lips part.
‘Whisky would be good,’ Castiel says. As much as he’d like Dean to drink less, the whisky might help calm his nerves. If nothing else, it will give him something to do with his hands, something that isn’t touching Dean.
But Jack doesn’t carry that weary resignation Dean had, eventually, looks
‘Sorry,’ he murmurs, ignoring the heat crawling up the back of his neck.
Thanks for reading! I really appreciate the comments and kudos and reblogs and likes, etc., so far! It makes me really happy that people are enjoying this fic :D
‘Dean, what are you—’
‘Nope, I’m good.’
‘Dean.’
The sound of breaking glass brings reality crashing back down, and Dean finally pushes Cas away like he’d meant to all along. ‘What the fuck, dude!’ He wipes over his mouth. ‘You don’t just kiss someone without asking.’
Soft grunts and groans filter through Cas’s door as Dean walks by. It answers the question of where Cas had slipped off to after they woke in their recliners, and then shared breakfast in the kitchen again. But now it poses the question of what the hell Cas is doing behind his closed door.
‘There’s nothing on my mind.’ Cas gives a little shrug. ‘I’m too tired to think.’
Just another S15 fix-it!
The words stick in Castiel’s throat. Maybe they’re better off there.
Cas and Dean follow, and Dean ignores the fluttering in his stomach. It’s not like he’s
‘Maybe we could try a different position.’
Instead of answering with words, Castiel draws Dean in for another kiss. ‘I belong to you, too.’
And, fuck, how does he
‘But I’ll just read about them,’ Jack says.
It surprises Castiel that Dean doesn’t protest this point, though after last night it probably shouldn’t surprise him anymore. Dean only lowers his arm, levelling Castiel with a look and deadpans, ‘And the homoeroticism.’
‘Hell yeah, I am.’
Dean huffs. Now that his pulse has slowed, a new warmth spreads through him. Not the warmth of sleep, but something sweeter, tinged with the tiniest speck of regret. This is the first birthday he’s spent with Cas since Dean finally pulled his head out of his ass—after Cas was pulled out of the Empty—and spilled his guts right back the way he should have long ago. ‘Thanks,’ he says, not really sure what he’s thanking Cas for, but feeling like he should say it, anyway.
‘Yes?’
Sam wheels around, brandishing a spatula. ‘Jesus, Dean, what was that for?’
‘You’re back,’ Dean says.
, whatever. Maybe there
‘I’m sorry, I—’
A warmth that has nothing to do with the bright sun fills Dean and, for a moment, he thinks he might need to submerge himself in the ocean to cool off. But a few deep breaths of briny air is all it takes and then he stands, finally, bones popping as he stretches. He feels…calm. Relaxed. He turns, still smiling, and trudges up the sand to where they’d set up. He pauses a few feet away to take in the scene before him.
‘Not too fast,’ Cas says against Dean’s mouth, then he’s kissing him again. It’s slow and hot and his tongue swipes over Dean’s bottom lip. Dean opens his mouth and their tongues slide together.
‘Yeah,’ Dean says, ‘we didn’t get a lot of time for that kind of thing, either.’ His chest tightens for a moment, so he clears his throat and adds, ‘Hey, you and Sammy can make one, later, see whose is best,’ with a wink.
‘Yeah, and you’re only human now, and humans catch cold.’
Castiel nods.
Heart thudding, Dean turns to him, his tongue going thick and stupid in his mouth. Even under the sallow fluorescent lights, Cas looks stupidly gorgeous. Dean clears his throat and manages to say, ‘Tell you that your taste in clothes sucks.’
Dean sighs and nudges Castiel back toward the bed, pushing his shoulders until Castiel sits. Dean follows, straddling Castiel’s thighs, taking Castiel’s face in his hands. He tilts it up and says, ‘This okay?’
get some sleep.’ Chair legs scrape over the floor as he stands, too loud in the quiet of the room.
. It makes Castiel’s heart clench, and he realises he doesn’t need to say anything else.
The scent of bacon hits Dean before he steps over the threshold and his stomach growls. Sam is at the stove, hunched over a pan, and Eileen is laying the table. She looks up and smiles, opening her mouth but Dean puts a finger over his lips, then points to Sam. So, Eileen signs, ‘Happy birthday,’ and Dean signs back ‘Thank you,’ then moves to stand behind Sam.
‘No.’
‘Is this all for the case?’ Castiel asks as he sets the bags down on the dining table.
A pathetic noise, somewhere between a grunt and a whimper, escapes Dean as Cas shifts and his erection presses into Dean’s back. Fuck.
‘What are you looking at?’ Cas looks back over his shoulder, craning his neck.
Dean rinses the dishes and cleans himself up, and when he gets to the Dean Cave, Cas…isn’t there. Shit. He turns, resigning himself to a night alone, and literally bumps into Cas. ‘Uh, hey, I was…’
Dean slumps into the recliner and turns back to the screen where a naked dude is sinking through water in slow motion. Great. It’s probably gonna be one of those arty-farty movies Charlie had surprisingly liked on occasion. A title comes up onscreen. ‘
‘Oh, no, Lucifer was possessing the president when he impregnated my mother.’
Dean all but hides his face in it, still embarrassed by all of this: the gifts, the breakfast, everything. He reaches in and brings out a bottle of top-shelf. He whistles, low, and says, ‘Thanks.’
‘Okay,’ Dean says, eyes wide, ‘okay,’ his breath catching and his hips bucking.
, then he can’t talk about cuddling. ‘Big spoon or little spoon?’
It’s on the tip of Dean’s tongue to ask Cas to join him, but then he looks at the water. It’s dirty from all the grime and blood Cas has washed off of him, and the words die in his throat. His chest squeezes tight. What was he thinking? He can’t let Cas get in here, get all dirty. And not the fun kind of dirty.
. It’s only twisted. You should be more worried about the wet clothes.’ Dean waves a hand at him. ‘You look like a drowned rat,’ he adds with a grin that looks forced, ‘you should get changed, too.’
Castiel shakes his head, wrapping his arms around Dean’s waist. ‘No, no, I want this.’ He breathes in deep, the scent of sweat and Dean’s skin beneath it. ‘But I… I can’t read you. Like I used to.’
And that’s fine. So long as he gets Cas back. Nothing else matters.
Dean stares Cas down but he eventually, inevitably, wavers. ‘Fine, I’ll put more on when we get back.’
A few moments later, Jack calls out, ‘Sam said to ask if you’re decent before I come in.’
‘Yeah?’
Castiel’s grace burns bright, channelling through his hand and into Dean’s skin. Branding him again. Claiming him. Something in Dean calls to Castiel’s grace, welcomes it home. It’s his soul.
‘That, uh, you weren’t just proving a point.’ Dean licks his lips, realises he’s been staring at Cas’s mouth. He jerks back and adds, ‘But there’s nothing wrong with a guy giving a buddy some pointers.’ What? Yes, there is, unless you’re in the start of some cheesy porno, which actually wouldn’t be that— No.
After, Castiel settles on his side, facing Dean. Dean is lying on his back, a small easy smile playing over his lips. His skin has a sheen of sweat over it and, though his lust is sated for now, Castiel wants to press his mouth to every inch. Map every single freckle and mole on Dean’s body, and then do it all again.
‘Yes.’
‘It’s past midnight. Not my birthday anymore.’
The image of Cas, human,
. Dean clears his throat and crosses his arms. ‘Well, apparently you
It tangles in Dean’s chest and he curses himself. He should have been looking out for Cas, trying harder to pin him down and make sure he’s been doing okay. After everything Cas has given up for him—
’I—‘ Jack looks between Cas and the castle and gives a little shrug. ‘No, I’m OK here.’
Cas is frowning up at Dean, giving him this look that cuts right to his core, but he pushes himself up and says, ‘OK.’ He slips out of bed and into his clothes, giving Dean that same look the whole time.
Dean shrugs, then turns away, putting something in the refrigerator.
‘Good.’
. He mutes the television and gets a blanket from the stash he keeps in here, draping it over Cas. Watches the gentle rise and fall of his chest for a few moments. There’s a lock of hair curling over Cas’s forehead, so Dean brushes it back gently, then steps away.
‘No. You don’t need to be, OK? I should have—’ Dean lets out a long breath. ‘I should have told you.’
They get into the car, the ignition turning easily, the Impala rumbling to life around them. In the rearview, the cabin is slowly swallowed up by the trees, and Castiel feels nothing but peace, and a burgeoning excitement to get back, and move into Dean’s room, and see everyone else.
‘You said that.’
Dean gives a small, half-hearted smile, says, ‘No problem,’ then heads down the hall to his room, whisky forgotten.
‘Not unlike we do.’
Dean raises his brows and props himself on an elbow. ‘Uh, yeah? You’re—’ He waves his hand.
‘It might be a sprain.’
But Cas is slumped in the recliner, mouth hanging open, head lolled. He’s snoring softly and Dean is overcome with affection and warmth and
It’s nothing divine, nothing pre-ordained. Just the two of them, together at last, against the odds.
His ears ring and the television sounds tinny. Distant.
Before Dean has time to be embarrassed, Cas says, ‘More…arousing,’ opening his eyes again.
‘To watch a movie together, tonight.’
‘You know what, it was dumb, don’t worry.’
Castiel waits. And waits. And waits. ‘You can tell me anything,’ he says, finally.
Cas glares up at him, which Dean thinks is entirely unfair, and says, ‘No, I’m attempting some yoga Sam suggested.’
‘It doesn’t. I get it.’
‘And me?’
Castiel frowns at him.
But, for now, the five of them eat their lunches and drink their beer, lolling in the shade of their rainbow umbrella, chatting and laughing. The sand stretches before them, bleached by the sun, the ocean glittering beyond it. A different kind of peace settles over Dean, a peace that comes from having his family safe and content around him.
Someone who knows him, sees him, and sticks around anyway.
‘Hm?’ Dean glances up. ‘Oh, I, uh… I just wanted to say…’ He frowns and shakes himself. ‘It’s good to have you here. With me.’
The bathroom door creaks open and light cuts through the darkness. Dean has his head in his hands, but the swathe of pallid light creeps across the tiles, into his field of vision, stopping at the toes of his boots. There’s a shadow, too, distorted by the angle, so Dean can’t quite make it out.
‘I wanted it to be a surprise.’
As he tugs at the hem of his t-shirt, he says, ‘Getting a good look?’
, and there is no later.
Thanks for reading! :D and thanks for the comments/kudos on the first chapter!
‘Sorry,’ Castiel says, but he isn’t.
Affection blooms in Castiel’s chest, and he smiles softly. ‘OK,’ he says and stoops to bundle up the sheet in his arms, handing a corner over to Dean.
The cabin shudders with it, and it startles them both. But Dean’s hand—the one holding Castiel’s—jerks and knocks into Castiel’s still mostly full glass of wine. The glass careens over the shining table, spilling into Castiel’s lap.
‘What’s wrong with ‘em?’
He takes the popcorn out and sets it on the stove. He has to keep telling himself that Cas is here, he’s alive, he’s not gone. Dean’s heart was broken, but it’s not, now, right?
Cas pauses with a forkful of eggs halfway to his mouth. ‘Sorry…’ He lowers the fork. ‘I was hungrier than I realised.’
A wet shuddering breath escapes Dean. He shakes his head. ‘This was all I had left. The last time I had a body… But this time, this was it, and I needed
Cas stares, open-mouthed, but when Dean curls a hand around his wrist and tugs, he comes willingly. Settles back on the edge of the bed, shoulders curved under an invisible weight Dean wants so badly to carry. They rise and fall and he says, ‘It’s very hard to say no to you.’
‘I do,’ Cas says, ‘but if you think you can do better…be my guest.’
‘No,’ Castiel says, ‘no,’ and he steps forward. Closer, but not close enough. He doesn’t know why, but he can’t bridge that distance.
because there’s nothing to be nervous about. They’re led to a room they cleared out recently but have yet to find a use for; it’s dark as Jack opens the door but as soon as Dean steps inside, Cas flips the light on.
‘Cas—’
Cas takes half a step toward Dean’s room. ‘Is everything…OK?’
Speaking of Tumblr, there is
What. The fuck?
‘Jesus Christ!’ Dean’s heart slams against his ribs. ‘What are you
‘I’ve been told I’m strange, myself.’
‘I asked first!’
Fuck, he’s wasted so much time. What if Jack hadn’t been able to bring Cas back? It’s too much. Dean can’t think about it, and he can’t look at Cas. The emotional whiplash is exhausting. He turns, swinging his legs over the side of the bed.
‘Yeah,’ Dean says, ‘you do.’ He licks his lips. ‘Well, you gave me an anniversary gift, but I didn’t get you anything.’
‘Fuck, Cas, I ain’t gonna last if you keep doing that.’
‘You mean a prophylactic?’
I have about a million ideas of what to write next but I’m not sure which to focus on (I’ve got
‘Good morning,’ Castiel says.
The way he says it tangles warmly around Castiel’s heart, and he drops his arms to his sides and says, ‘That’s all I wanted to do, too.’
The cloth moves over his back in broad, slow strokes, lighting him up and easing him down, keeping him suspended between arousal and relaxation. A tremor runs through him, settling as a quivering feeling in his belly. He draws his knees up, resting his forehead on them, and wraps his arms around his shins.
Cas advances on Jack but Dean catches him by the shoulder. ‘Let me go, Dean.’
with his guardian angel and current crush. Not crush. Dean does
The rest of the day goes on as their days have been lately, since they decided to retire from active hunts and sort the bunker out for something closer to its original purpose again. The routine of it all niggles at Dean because he could’ve sworn that the four of them were up to something more than a round of presents and breakfast. Not that he wants, or expects more, but his instincts were screaming that something bigger was on the horizon.
‘Well, it
Dean crosses his arms over his chest. ‘Why were you looking, anyway?’
‘Dean!’ Castiel rushes to Dean’s side, heedless of his own safety.
‘Does this feel better?’ Cas asks.
‘Very.’ Castiel runs his hands up and down Dean’s back, tracing the breadth of his shoulders, down to the base of his spine. Teasing along the waistband of his pants. The way Dean leans into the touch emboldens Castiel, and he sinks his hands into the back of Dean’s pyjama pants, palming the curves of his backside.
‘Yes. You already asked me that.’
‘Mm.’
Sam heaves an exaggerated sigh and hands Cas and Jack their lunches.
‘That all sounds fine,’ Sam says, glaring at Dean again.
‘And then we’ll go to your room, and I’ll lay you out on your bed and open you up with my mouth and hands until you’re begging for me.’
Dean sucks in a breath, gulps some whisky. He drums his fingers on the coffee table and chews his lip. ‘You’re the best friend I’ve ever had. You know that, right?’
I’ve got
Eileen laughs.
Cas looks at the screen, brows raised, and back to Dean. ‘But that’s not even a real word.’
It’s… It’s
‘Yeah, but…’ Dean drags his gaze back to Cas’s face. ‘You can’t wear a
Castiel’s heart beats so hard and so loud it almost seems to be coming from outside of him. It takes him a moment to realise it’s
‘Do you want to help us?’ Jack says.
Silence falls again, broken only by the still falling rain, the rumble of thunder, the soft crackle of the music. Not for the first time, Castiel is frustrated at his lack of grace, at how he can’t sense Dean’s feelings. Not the way he used to. Though, he supposes, he’s not sure how much good it ever did him.
Cas hums, leaning back; his eyes drift from Dean’s, down to his mouth, back to catch his gaze. ‘I know you, Dean.’
‘Until you’ve had your breakfast,’ Cas says, all mock casual.
to avoid looking at Cas, just…just because. All the lights are on, flooding the room; in fact, there might be an extra lamp, or two. ‘What’s with all the lights?’
There was Purgatory, the second time, and Dean had almost told Cas then, until Cas stopped him.
Dean looks at Castiel a moment, then holds out his hand, beckoning Castiel to him.
‘OK, “me”, got a name?’
Castiel brushes it away with the pad of his thumb. His own eyes prick, and his throat feels tight, and his chest feels full to bursting with love and joy. He kisses Dean for fear it will all come spilling out of him otherwise. He pulls back slowly, savouring the kiss, and says, ‘Will you do something for me?’
‘That’s encouraging,’ Dean mutters. At Sam’s pissy look, he says, ‘Fine, yeah, OK, let’s do this thing.’ Great, he’s signing up to get his memory wiped by his future adoptive son. His fucking life.
Cas tilts his chin up. ‘Why not?’
Cas is standing in the middle of the room, clutching one of Dean’s jackets.
‘Why not?’
Someone he loves.
There’s a frown in Dean’s voice when he says, ‘Too much?’
Dean lifts his shoulders. ‘Tired.’
‘That’s a pity,’ Sam says, clapping a sympathetic hand on Cas’s shoulder. ‘She seemed nice.’
Dean’s brain short circuits. Is Cas offering to
Dean turns and raises his brows, pointing to his chest. When Castiel nods, Dean says, ‘
And then the bottom of his stomach drops out. Because, shit, he gets it. This guy lost the love of his life, his everything, and Dean feels like he’s going to puke. And when the voiceover says, ‘
‘I don’t understand.’
‘Then why did you leave me?’ Fuck.
Cas raises his brows. ‘You’re letting me choose? First the movies and now music in the car?’
‘—we’ve, I’ve, wasted so much time.’
‘The handprint.’ Dean swallows and drops his hand. ‘I mean, it wasn’t there after you healed me at Stull, so I figured you did the whole shebang, but I didn’t know why.’
Castiel nods and follows Dean. They ready themselves for bed, squished together in the cramped bathroom, a parody of everything Castiel has longed for, but is just out of his grasp, then head upstairs.
Cas sighs and says, ‘I love you, too,’ holding him tight.
‘What’s wrong?’ Cas steps closer, hand poised as though to touch Dean.
‘Uh… Yes?’
Dean bristles, but Cas isn’t wrong. There’s a weariness deep inside that catches him sometimes. It caught him, today, when they got back to the bunker and Cas still wasn’t there, and a selfish part of Dean wondered why they keep fighting for people to live their lives in peace when he can’t have—
‘Shut up.’ Dean kisses Castiel again, once, then twice, before he breaks away on a yawn. ‘Okay, okay,’ he says at the look Castiel gives him, ‘good night, Cas.’
‘Later,’ Cas repeats, more firmly. He gently scrapes his teeth over Dean’s jaw, smooths his hands down Dean’s chest. ‘Just relax, for a while.’
‘Hey,’ Dean says.
me.’ He lets the words hang between them for a few moments before he says, ‘I love you, too,’ again.
‘Because I’m not quite human?’
‘We do, don’t we?’
‘I don’t need—’ Cas’s throat clicks. ‘I told you, it’s fine, I just have to adjust.’
‘Fuck.’ Dean’s breath leaves him in a rush and his eyes squeeze shut.
Cas nods.
Heart pounding, Dean tugs on Cas’s wrist, and stops thinking. He doesn’t need a big moment, he just needs this. So, he closes the distance between them, pressing his lips softly to Cas’s. The hint of a kiss, with the promise of more.
It’s Cas who bridges the distance, pushing himself up onto his knees, water sloshing everywhere, and bracing himself over Dean. The bubbles hide
‘It’s unlikely,’ Castiel sighs. At Dean’s deepening frown, he adds, ‘Even before…my “mojo” was all over the place. I think this is as good as I’ll get. And my wings…’
‘Hey, look, before you go getting all smitey, wanna tell me what kind of abomination we’re talking here?’
So Castiel plays his part and says, ‘It’s not wasted on you,’ cupping Dean’s jaw with his palm. He’s pleased that it can still make Dean go all bashful, and even more pleased when he trails his palm down Dean’s neck to rest on his chest, and Dean’s eyes light up with heat.
They don’t last long—Cas was at least as wound up as Dean was and it’s a miracle they didn’t both come at the first touch. As it is, Dean comes first, his broken moan swallowed by Cas’s kiss. Cas follows moments later, his hand tightening on Dean’s oversensitive dick, the other gripping his ass tight.
‘OK.’
‘You’ve been through a lot, and you don’t need an excuse. But you do need sleep.’ At Dean’s look, Cas adds, ‘We both do.’ He pauses, reaching out a hand and laying it gently on Dean’s knee. ‘I wish I could help, that I could banish your nightmares with the touch of my hand…but I can’t anymore.’ His brow knits and his fingers tighten on Dean’s knee. ‘You don’t deserve this pain.’
‘I’m fine. I just…I want…’ Dean licks his lips. ‘I want you.’
‘Very,’ Cas breathes out.
‘Just what?’
‘We could watch a movie, tonight, or something.’ Dean doesn’t stand, only turns his head to look at Cas. ‘If you want.’
There are a few moments where Castiel considers lying. It’s obvious that Dean is blaming himself for this, which is ridiculous because he
‘No…’ Castiel frowns. ‘I thought— Didn’t you find one?’
‘No,’ Castiel says, wondering if he’s imagining the hint of jealousy in Dean’s voice, ‘but I still understand the mechanics.’
times in between. Big moments, small moments, and Dean missed every single one of them, biting his tongue. Thinking that Cas didn’t,
‘No, I thought you might still need them.’
Dean shifts his weight. ‘Then why did you think that’s what I was doing now?’
‘Or we could, you know, spoon.’ Even through the fog of sleep slowly enveloping him, there is a tinge of embarrassment. But he’s too tired and too comfortable to care that much.
Dean murmurs something, but it’s obscured by the still falling rain and the way he doesn’t open his mouth all the way to speak.
It looks like Dean really believes it, and if Dean can believe, maybe Castiel can start to believe it, too. ‘Thank you,’ he says.
Dean looks up at him from beneath the long sweep of his lashes, twisting his wrist as his hand moves over Castiel’s cock. ‘Feel good?’
Dean’s pulse jumps and he breaks away from his staring match with Cas to look over at Jack. ‘Huh?’
‘I know, but…’
They stay in this half-embrace, quietly breathing until Dean pulls back. Cas’s shoulders slump, his neck curved down, so Dean reaches out, tugs on Cas’s arm until he turns to face Dean. It’s too much, seeing everything he wants to say in Cas’s eyes, especially when they’re so close. He turns to move away, off of the bed, but the movement twists his spine and he winces.
, and feels reckless. Selfish.
Dean shakes his head. ‘Just tell me what was going on. And don’t give me that bullshit about insomnia or whatever, OK?’
‘Happy birthday, Dean,’ Cas says.
It twists in Castiel’s chest to see Dean like this. He can’t let him go on. If he can spare him this, he will. And, selfishly, he can’t bear the thought of it being prolonged. Not if Dean’s going to say what Castiel thinks he will.
Dean frowns, but he complies.
Was it always this combination of torture and pleasure to be so close?
in a way that sets a fire in Castiel’s stomach. His back arches, pulling Castiel deeper inside him, thighs like a vice around his waist, heels digging in. He is so, so beautiful.
‘You found me,’ Cas says, lips tilting.
As if on cue, Dean slips into the room, his presence tingling down Castiel’s spine. Castiel turns to him and frowns. He looks tired.
Cas pours way too much in, bubbles frothing up and threatening to spill onto the floor. He looks somewhere between amused and awed, like it’s the first time he’s seen a bubble bath. It probably is. Dean’s heart overflows with affection and fondness, and he knows he probably has some goofy look on his face, but he can’t bring himself to care.
‘But you— You said—’ Cas narrows his eyes, then grinds out, ‘I’m sorry,’ turning on his heel and sweeping away, his trench coat flapping indignantly.
‘You don’t have to…look after me.’ Cas turns, but he’s still not quite looking at Dean, and Dean’s stomach sinks. ‘You take care of everyone, it’s what you do, but you don’t have to feel obligated to me, because—’
‘I can’t lose you again, man.’
This is the chapter where the M rating finally applies! It's pretty mild as far as sexual content usually goes for my fics (though it's the first above a T I've written for this ship) but, yeah, M still feels appropriate - lmk if more specific tags are needed wrt the sex acts
There were so many times Dean could have told him.
It takes Dean three days to corner Cas.
Castiel huffs and slides his hand between their bodies, curling it around Dean’s cock. It’s hot and heavy under his palm, and his breath quickens at touching Dean like this. At the way Dean’s hips falter and his eyelids flutter.
or anything. He’s not some swooning maiden in a bodice ripper. Not that he knows anything about those, either.
Sam is smirking, the asshole.
But now that the seed of doubt has been planted, Dean finds it harder and harder to ignore. Was he always so clumsy? His hands feel slow and stupid and each of his movements awkward. Jerky. Not at all smooth. There’s always a little hesitation with someone new as you learn each other. Not that Dean’s had a lot of practice getting past the new stage.
‘No reason.’
Dean’s brows raise.
‘I think you might be right,’ Castiel says, heartened by how Dean’s lips twitch. The rain is cool on his face, and he opens his mouth to catch the drops on his tongue, but Dean tugs on his sleeve, pulling him back the way they came. ‘It’s only rain,’ Castiel says, even as he trudges after Dean.
Castiel smiles and gives Dean’s shoulder a squeeze, starting to pull away. But Dean rests his hand on top of Castiel’s, thumb running back and forth.
‘I love you, too.’
to Dean. To be part of him. It’s more than he’s ever wanted. Is it what Dean’s wanted too?
Thankfully, no one asks Dean to make a speech, though as giddy as he’s feeling from the beer and the sugar high and his family around him, he nearly makes one, anyway. Instead, he just raises a toast and mutters a gruff, ‘Thank you,’ before swallowing down his beer.
me, Cas.’
Light slants through the window behind Castiel, washing Dean’s bare skin in faint tones of gold. It’s pretty, but it’s not enough for Castiel to gauge what time it is. He frowns. ‘Is it late?’
But then Cas says, ‘Oh,’ and unfurls his hand from the jacket, gently prising Dean’s from his sweatshirt; the jacket falls to the floor, and Cas’s arms come up around Dean. Uncertain for a moment, until they both melt into the embrace, arms enfolding each other close.
Dean turns. Claire is leaning in the doorway, smirking, a gift bag dangling from one finger.
‘Um.’ Jack raises his brows and smiles nervously. He lifts his shoulders. ’Nothing really.’
- this is a new post for this chapter :) (or just feel free to come say hi over there!)
Dean lets out a soft sigh and says, ‘Look, man, I just wanna make dinner for you.’
‘Yeah, I mean… Like I said, I’m having the time of my life, right now. But we can’t lounge around for the rest of our lives.’ Dean pokes Castiel in the side.
Dean nods, eyes wide and earnest, and then his expression melts into something much more seductive and his voice is a low rumble when he says, ‘So long as you fuck me.’
‘I…’ Dean could bullshit his way out of this. Make an excuse about forgetting, he’s had a lot on his mind, what with taking down God and all. But he looks up at Cas, and Cas looks so stricken, his hand fitted over the bloody palm-print, and Dean…can’t. ‘I didn’t want to.’
‘Between us. I don’t know how we’re going to do this.’
The dinner by candlelight, the conversation, the intimacy of it all. And Jack and Sam and Eileen would be nearby, maybe in the same house, and they’d share dinner with them, too, sometimes. But other times, like now, it would be just the two of them because they want to be alone.
Castiel crosses his arms over his stomach. ‘I can cook.’
‘But something’s wrong.’
Wordlessly, he moves behind Dean, warm at his shoulders, and reaches around to cup Dean’s chin with one hand. His hand cradles Dean’s jaw as he gently pulls, urging Dean to tip his head back.
Jack shrugs the dismissal off, but Cas gives him a considering look. Dean’s just glad Sam had gone off with Eileen to get lunch, not knowing what he’d do with
‘What are you doing?’
‘Yeah, okay, deal.’
Dean pats his hand twice, then shoves the remaining forkfuls of pie into his mouth, chewing and swallowing thickly. ‘How about a drink?’ he asks, standing already. ‘Got some whisky or—’
While he waits, Castiel stares into the fire, the dance of the flames clearing his mind, only looking up when Dean’s shadow falls across him.
The thing is, Cas couldn’t look further from that, now, his mouth turned down, matching the dejected slump to his shoulders.
Cas snorts and digs out the box of cassettes from under the seat. They click against each other as he flips through them, before picking one out and sliding it into the deck. Blue Öyster Cult blares from the speakers; Cas adjusts the volume, then settles back, eyes sliding closed as he hums along.
Castiel’s lips twitch. ’What are you doing?’
But, when it’s done, he looks at Cas, human,
, and Dean’s breathing, his heart, kickstarts, his legs propelling him toward Cas before he even realises. ‘Having fun without me?’ he says.
‘Well,’ Eileen says, cutting through the awkwardness, ‘we also got you this.’ She reaches behind her, bringing out a shiny black and gold gift bag, and handing it over to Dean.
Dean can’t help it, he barks out a laugh and claps Jack on the shoulder. ‘I like you, kid.’
He could tell him, now, except Cas isn’t here. It shouldn’t smart the way it does, that Cas left him to nap alone. Maybe watching Dean sleep was an angel thing. Dean pushes himself out of bed and shuffles down the hall.
The earnestness would almost embarrass Dean if Jack wasn’t so damn sweet about it. Dean swallows the last mouthful of beer, and says, ‘Then…I guess it’s a damn fine castle.’
him. After they’re both fuelled with breakfast.
A muscle in Dean’s jaw ticks; his eyes flash, and he breathes out, saying, ‘Well, why don’t you get a fire started?’
They make out until Dean forgets what day it is, and when Cas pulls away, it’s only long enough to ask if this is still Dean giving him some pointers. Dean tells him it’s so much more than that, and then they make out some more.
want to?’
But then Cas says, ‘There is something…’
‘I owe you everything, Cas, don’t you get that? I—’ Dean pushes himself off the bed, moving toward Cas, ducking his head to catch his gaze. ‘You saved me and… You’re my friend and I…’ He sighs. ‘Just…let me do this.’
Realisation slowly dawns on Castiel, bringing with it a twist behind his ribs. ‘Dean.’ He closes the distance between them, placing a gentle hand on Dean’s shoulder.
Dean had thought best friends were for twelve-year-old girls, not grown men and certainly not angels of the lord. But that’s what Cas is. His best friend. He’s not about to race out and get them matching heart necklaces, but there’s a comfort in the term. Someone who’ll have his back, even without the bonds of family tying them together.
Dean lifts one shoulder. He chews the corner of his lip and nods; his eyes are glittering, and as he blinks, a tear rolls down his cheek.
Anyway, this is becoming increasingly shamelessly self indulgent and a bit dramatic haha XD this chapter
‘What?’
Cas shakes his head, and he’s going to leave, Dean knows he is, but he only says, ‘Do you want me to wash your hair? It’s a bit…disgusting.’
The footsteps grow closer, and closer still, and at the last moment before they pass by, Dean throws the door open and says, ‘Oh, hey, Cas. Time for bed, huh?’ neither casual, nor smooth. But the second his gaze lands on Cas he’s hit by the desire to touch him, go to him, throw his arms around him,
Cas is sitting on the bed, slumped against the wall, hands folded in his lap. His pyjamas are rumpled, the shirt half unbuttoned and slipping aside, showing his collarbone, the hint of a shoulder. It doesn’t look like he’s slept, either.
Dean shifts his hands from where they were pushing through his secondary coverts to rest on the bare skin of Castiel’s back. ‘Course I do,’ he says. ‘Always have.’
Dean opens his eyes; his heart feels too big for his chest. There’s so much to say and he doesn’t know where to start, so he opens his mouth and hopes he can find something like the right words:
Dean swallows thickly. ‘If you want a jacket, I’ll get you a different one.’ He moves toward his closet, but Cas grips his wrist, stopping him.
that I listened to while writing so I guess it’s kind of a soundtrack for it?
‘Weirdo,’ Dean says, but there’s affection in his voice, and he’s smiling warmly. He cups Castiel’s face in one hand, thumb stroking gently. ‘You just gave me one of the top five orgasms of my life, and you’re worried if it was good.’
‘You can help me,’ Dean says, ‘but I’m still doing the actual cooking. Deal?’
That little crooked smile appears, and Cas starts on the buttons of his shirt, revealing inch after inch of toned muscle and lightly tanned skin. ‘Are you getting a good look?’ he asks.
, and then reaches over to the nightstand for Dean’s favourite mug. The coffee is a little cool, now, but it’ll do the trick and it’s made the way Dean likes it. He sips it as he watches Cas scramble from the bed, shuffling to the dresser, and returning with
‘Jack,’ Sam says, ‘how did you
Dean wants to say something, brush the concern away, but he’s tired. All that comes out is a grunt of acknowledgement. And then, still without looking up, he knows Cas’s gaze has landed on him, unerring even through the shadows. The light comes on, and Dean winces. Footsteps ring over the tiles, and Cas is by his side in a heartbeat. Crouching down. Hand touching his arm.
‘Nah, it’s a two-person job.’
Dean nods.
‘No, just…don’t wanna fall asleep.’
Dean is making breakfast when Cas shuffles into the kitchen. All bleary-eyed, hair sticking up everywhere, pyjama sleeves wilting over his wrists. It’s kind of adorable, the kind of thing Dean could get used to each morning, and Dean is okay with thinking that. It’s a thought he would have pushed away once, both as too much and something out of reach, but maybe now...
‘You’re very grope-able,’ Castiel murmurs.
‘No!’
There’s accusation in Dean’s tone. It’s partly why Castiel hasn’t said anything. It’s not only that he’s ashamed, but he knew Dean would take it upon himself, and he doesn’t want to burden him any further. Doesn’t want Dean to feel…obligated to him. ‘It’s fine,’ he murmurs.
Dean huffs. ‘We flew past top ten a few days ago.’ He holds Castiel’s hand a moment, then disentangles himself, rolling onto his back.
‘Yes,’ Jack says, too quick, ‘breakfast! Sam and Eileen are making it.’ He pushes himself off the bed, saying, ‘We should go eat it,’ and strides out of the room.
‘No,’ Castiel says again.
He’s grounded. A flightless bird.
No. No way. It’s not possible. He slides his hands up Cas’s back, under his shirt, finally touching skin he’s wanted to touch forever. Cas makes an appreciative noise into Dean’s mouth, his own hands sliding from Dean’s jaw to his hair.
It shoots through Dean, curls low within him. His hand is still resting in Cas’s hair, and he should pull away, but he doesn’t. Instead, he pushes his fingers through Cas’s hair—it’s a little greasy, but it’s soft, threading through Dean’s fingers like silk—and Cas leans into the touch. Eyes drifting closed. Warmth buzzes in Dean’s palm, shooting through his wrist, zinging right past his elbow, his shoulder, settling into his chest. He lets his hand trail from Cas’s hair, down the side of his face, to rest at his jaw.
Jack gives a brief, tight smile. He looks at Cas and says, ‘I’m ready.’
, jeez, can’t two guys just be friends—but he follows Cas’s gaze to the screen, where Spock is holding Kirk’s hand tight in medbay.
‘Nothing.’ Dean tugs on Cas’s hand, drawing him farther along the beach. ‘Hey, here’s some shells.’
‘Yes,’ Castiel murmurs into Dean’s neck, ‘you have a nice backside.’
he was going to shake his head.
Dean shakes his head. He looks up at Castiel, his eyes glittering in the candlelight. ‘Talk to me.’
‘If he’s from the future, won’t he just be born again, anyway?’ Sam says.
As he’s chopping the freshly peeled potatoes, he says, ‘We could talk now, about whatever you wanted to talk about?’ hoping he’s not pushing it too much.
happy, but Cas had just said he’s
There’s no need to ask
‘Do you have bubbles?’ Cas asks, breaking through Dean’s thoughts.
Sam asks Dean if he ever thinks about something more, something with another hunter, and Dean doesn’t tell him he’s been thinking about it for years.
Dean rolls his eyes and crosses his arms. ‘That why you’re being so pissy?’
‘Jeez, Cas,’ he says, jerking away, ‘you avoid me for days and now you’re my goddamn shadow?’
It’s all so domestic. But it’s good.
‘I—’ Jack looks from Sam to Cas to Dean. ‘I think so.’
. A wave of love breaks over Dean, overwhelming and threatening to pull him under.
‘Then prove it.’
‘There you are.’ Finally noticing how
Cas only hums and then he bends to pick up a basket Dean hadn’t noticed, lifting it into Dean’s field of vision. ‘I did get some t-shirts. And a sweater. Maybe these fit your definition of comfortable.’
They settle into silence, and Dean is relieved to find the only discomfort is within himself, as he thinks of about ten different ways to start the conversation they need to have. He looks at Cas, warmth suffusing him. Ten years ago, he’d never have thought he could be content just watching this dorky, awesome, former angel eat bacon and eggs.
‘No,’ Castiel says, ‘because you are.’ He takes Dean’s hands, pinning them either side of his head, their fingers entwined. ‘So beautiful, Dean. In every way.’
’Dean—‘
From there it doesn’t take them long to shed the rest of their clothes and then it’s nothing but the touch of their skin and their hands everywhere.
‘OK.’
Cas makes a small, embarrassed noise, continues to massage Dean’s back like he never said anything. Dean lets him, because it’s easier than following that train of thought, right now. Especially when Cas’s fingers catch at the hem of his shirt, skating over bare skin for a moment, trailing electricity, before he pulls Dean’s shirt back down.
. There’s nothing funny about it, not at all, but Dean huffs out a laugh. And then another. And another. And then he’s laughing in a way he hasn’t done in years.
Thanks for reading! :)
It’s not long before Dean forgets all about giving Cas some pointers because Cas is kissing the hell out of him. One moment, they’re sitting side by side, and the next, Dean is flat on his back with Cas above him. He’s not sure if Cas had pushed him or if Dean pulled him down, but he’s not complaining, either way.
Sam deflates. ‘Fine. Whatever. Just…go wait in your room.’
a dumbass,’ he murmurs.
Dean opens his mouth, closes it again.
A sickening cold dampens the spark of hope, and he does his best to swallow it down. It’s not fair to expect anything from Dean. Shameful, almost. Dean’s friendship is more than enough. If Castiel can keep that, he’ll be content.
How did Castiel never see that Dean loves him, too? It seems so clear now.
‘I’ll just stay here until you fall asleep.’
Cas stares at Dean, mouth hanging open, before he snaps it shut and smiles. It’s fake. Dean can tell. He knows all of Cas’s smiles. ‘I haven’t been avoiding you,’ Cas says.
Cas’s lips twitch, eyes darting to Dean’s mouth then back up. ‘Kiss me again.’
‘Besides, I ain’t the only one of us with sleeping problems.’ Dean looks at Cas, but Cas ducks his gaze to where his hands are folded in his lap.
‘Good night, Dean,’ Castiel says. He does watch Dean, but only until his features go slack, and his breathing settles into the rhythm Castiel knows means he’s truly asleep and not faking it. Only then does Castiel let his head rest on Dean’s chest and close his eyes.
That expression about being so quiet you could hear a pin drop? Dean’s pretty sure it’s true as he and Cas both fix equally questioning looks on Sam.
‘You gonna help me with that, too?’
‘Dean, wait.’
They spend a good ten minutes arguing the merits of grilling Jack about how they get out of it, but it turns out he’s only been told the vaguest details about it all. And, as much as he might be able to help them, Cas says it’s too much of a risk.
‘What, no, I—’
that?’ Dean asks inanely.
Castiel tilts his chin up and looks away.
It makes a twisted kind of sense that Dean would feel pure in Purgatory. Distilled. One hundred percent grade A Dean Winchester.
’I don’t know,’ Dean says, ‘just… I thought this would be weird.’
‘It looks awesome.’ Dean claps a hand on Jack’s shoulder and squeezes. He looks around, heart stuttering as the four people he loves the most smile back at him, wearing dumb cardboard party hats, and he clears his throat and looks over to the food table instead. There are mini burgers and hot dogs and there’s pie and even a large, lopsided birthday cake with his name on it. His chest squeezes tight. Fuck. ‘So, this is what you’ve been planning all week, huh?’
Castiel. He was being
They set the game up on the coffee table, then settle on the floor either side of it. Castiel tucks his feet under him, running his finger along the rows of cardboard faces staring up at him. The box proclaims the game is for ‘ages 6 and up’. Well, he’s firmly in the up category.
Things that would be different with someone different. Someone he lo—
Cas huffs. ‘Well, you’ve got this bathtub, now. Why don’t you take a bath? I’m told they’re very relaxing.’
So, Castiel shakes the fantasy off and says, ‘Thank you,’ and when Dean frowns at him, hastily adds, ‘For the pants.’
Warmth rises up in Dean’s chest, washing away the cold dread his nightmare had filled him with. ‘It’s—’ He clears his throat. ‘You do help. You being here helps.’
There is a soft click and warm light floods the room. Dean’s heart slows at Cas’s voice—
(with 4 different versions of "Unchained Melody" because why not?)
It’s only a moment before Castiel comes too, vision sparking, something hot and possessive swelling inside him at the thought of coming deep inside Dean. He gasps, trembling all over, and buries his face in Dean’s neck. Everything is
Being hunched over like this leaves him vulnerable to Cas. His defences are down in a way they so rarely are. But it’s
‘What’s that supposed to mean?’
And that shouldn’t sting like it does, hearing Cas say that. Not that Dean has any interest in who Cas does, or doesn’t, want to have “relations” with. And who even says relations? God, Cas is such a dork. Dorky and weird and weirdly adorable. Weirdly dorky.
Sam screws his face up and makes a gagging noise. ‘Too much information.’
‘It’s not, but there’s a fishing spot that’s meant to be good, or, uh, maybe a swim.’ Dean screws his nose up. ‘Nah, it’s too cold. Or there’s walking! We could walk and…look at trees and shit. You like trees.’
‘Kissed him back.’
?’ He blinks at Cas, who is kneeling beside Dean on their bed, just
And it’s surprising that Dean seems to have no issue with sharing a bed for all his protests of personal space over the years (which dwindled as did the space between them). Still, maybe Dean is only being polite. Even from above, Castiel can see the tense set of his jaw.
‘Who are you?’ Dean does a quick scan of the room, making sure the kid didn’t bring friends. ‘What are you?’
It throws Dean, leaves him wrong-footed. If Cas wasn’t talking about sex, then what the hell was he talking about? ‘Huh?’
It’s turning him on more than anything has in a while, but he’s content just to cling to Cas and be kissed, for now. Dean can’t remember the last time he just made out for the sake of it, but it’s really, really nice. Soon, though, they part, and the little staring contest thing they do feels more intimate than usual.
‘Well, I met your younger selves, but I erased your memories so I wouldn’t mess up the future.’
Dean grins, then, his hands still bracing Castiel. But he pulls away, slowly, so he can look at his shoulder. He looks happy and awed as he runs his fingers over it.
‘Fine, but
‘Just checking.’ Dean licks his lips and shifts his weight. ‘I mean, you’re good with this?’
Cas frowns, glancing at the water. As if in slow motion, he leans down, skimming his fingers over the surface of the water, leaving ripples in his wake. And then the water is clean again, the bubbles fresh and frothy.
‘Uh… I didn’t mean—’ Dean gapes up at him, then shakes himself. ‘Feel like I should be slipping a dollar bill into your briefs, or something.’
father.’
‘Yeah,’ Dean says, ‘me either. I mean, that you would. That you even
The game. Castiel forgot. Stomach sinking, he looks down at the card slotted into the flimsy plastic in front of him. ‘No,’ he says, ‘not Anita.’
Cas presses once more, silently saying
He usually thinks about bringing Dean pleasure in some way. Seeing Dean fall apart under his hands, his mouth.
‘Feel good?’ Dean asks.
‘Nothing.’
The dinky little plastic bucket with the shell-shaped shovel Dean had bought as a joke is sitting by Jack’s knee, and Cas is squinting at the heap of sand with a look on his face like he wants to smite it. Everything in Dean goes still—his breath, his heart,
outweighing the need to keep kissing Cas, but Cas pushes him back with a firm hand to his chest. It does…things to Dean, but he only raises a brow, gaze flicking from Cas’s hand, to his face.
(feel free to come say hi, too!) and
The mattress dips and the covers shift as Cas sits beside Dean, the warm press of his shoulder both grounding and overwhelming. ‘This is the third time this week you’ve woken up like this.’
Dean huffs. ‘Don’t know what my excuse is, then.’
‘Is this better?’
He groans, which earns him a concerned look from Cas, but he waves it off.
‘Dean.’ Cas’s hands are on his shoulders, now, and he’s peering into Dean’s eyes. ‘Are you OK?’
‘Yeah.’
Cas tenses. ‘Is that… If you don’t want—’
There’s a loaded silence before Cas says, ‘The rest of your life?’
Dean brushes off Castiel’s concern—‘I’m fine’—but he accepts Castiel’s hand and lets Castiel help him to his feet. He winces as he puts his weight on his ankle.
They stand like that, at an impasse, because Castiel isn’t going to back down when Dean is hurt, and Dean is infuriatingly stubborn. It’s likely they’ll stand here all night, which would defeat Castiel’s purpose of getting Dean to rest his injured foot. But Dean surprises Castiel by saying, ‘Hey, Cas,’ and when Castiel turns to look at him he flaps his arms and says, ‘Cluck, cluck.’
He hesitates a moment, watching Cas sleep, then gets out another blanket for himself. He settles back into his recliner, tucks the blanket in, and wriggles around trying to get comfortable. It’s going to be hell on his back, but at least Cas won’t have to wake up alone.
‘Were you hurt on the hunt? Sam said you went to take a shower, and you hadn’t come out of the bathroom yet. He didn’t seem concerned, but—’
of your top five?’ He tilts his head. ’Which one?’
Dean grins and says, ‘I’m holding you to that,’ hooking his ankle around Castiel’s calf and tilting his head up for another long, deep kiss.
Arousal arrows to his groin; he wraps his arms around Cas, pulling their bodies flush. Cas is hard against him, just from kissing, and Dean is on fire. Dean pushes Cas’s shirt up until he can’t get it any further and Cas has to pull back to take it off. Dean takes the opportunity to shuck his own shirt before they come back together. The slide of warm, bare skin against his own sends another rush of heat through him.
Right. The question. Clearly not rhetorical, then. ‘It depends,’ Dean says. ‘How long it takes, that is. I mean, we were both pretty riled up, and what with it being a while…’ He spreads his hands. ‘So, yeah, it was pretty quick. But it was good.’
‘Sure is,’ Dean says as he pours coffee into two mugs, but concern wells up behind his ribs. He takes the mugs and two plates of breakfast over to where Cas is slumped at the table, nudging a mug and a plate over to Cas as he sits.
Dean hadn’t asked Cas what The Empty was like, but the name is kind of a clue. He wonders if being there, again, resting in oblivion or whatever, had sparked this fear of the dark. Or if it’s being human, not having his grace to help him through the night, that’s the problem. Dean’s not sure Cas would tell him, right now, so he says, ‘That explains the light.’
But Dean only scuffs his boot on the ground and says, ‘Right,’ face pulled into an expression that might be disturbed, or pleased.
‘Oh.’ Cas straightens up, wiping bubbles from his elbow. ‘Well, it seems warm enough.’
Sam’s voice is strained when he says, ‘Uh, yeah, kinda hard to miss.’
‘Who decorated?’ he asks.
‘What?’
‘Hey, you want some hot chocolate?’ The low burr of Dean’s voice breaks Castiel out of his thoughts. ‘And I brought marshmallows—we could toast the extra ones over the fire after we’ve finished the pie.’
‘Good, good.’ Dean ducks his gaze. ‘It’s just… It ain’t the same when you’re not. Here, that is. You gotta know that.’ He glances up, eyes fierce.
There’s nothing on Castiel’s mind that he wants to talk about, right now, so he says, ‘Did you know that Australia has the largest population of camels in the wild?’
‘Oh.’ Jack’s eyes light up ‘Will you help us get some?’
‘OK,’ Cas says, and then he does.
Castiel’s stomach jolts, and he looks down. ‘You can’t fix them.’
‘You think I feel
Cas tenses and pulls back to look at Jack. His eyes narrow. ‘What for?’
‘It’s fine.’
‘Then keep going,’ Castiel says.
‘You said you wanted my help.’
Outside, the sun is sinking, washing the parking lot in gold tones; the scent of exhaust and greasy food hangs in the air. ‘Wanna grab something to eat?’ Dean asks over Baby’s roof.
A shiver cuts through Dean as Cas runs his knuckles down the side of his face. ‘You’re very beautiful,’ Cas says, voice barely above a whisper.
‘That’s— I’m not your present,’ Cas murmurs against Dean’s mouth. His lips part on a sigh; he tastes like coffee. He pulls away saying, ‘Let me get your present,’ as Dean kisses the hinge of his jaw.
again.’
‘Thought you were gonna start avoiding me again,’ Dean says, before he can think better of it, then shoves the rest of the bacon in his mouth.
‘Whatever.’ Dean’s lips twitch. ‘Don’t wanna deprive you of doing your creeper thing and watching me sleep, anyway.’
‘I don’t need rest, I was asleep the entire time I was in the Empty.’ It’s a joke, or meant to be, but there is little levity in Castiel’s voice, and the words fall flat.
It’s fight. Kill. Where’s the angel?
So, Dean pushes away his stupid, irrational embarrassment, and arranges himself until his head is on Cas’s chest, and he’s got one arm around Cas’s waist and one leg slung over Cas’s thigh. Cas’s thigh is hot under Dean’s and his heart beats, steady and true, beneath his ear. It feels…really fucking good.
Best friend, lover, husband,
‘Yes?’
‘The bath is very relaxing,’ Cas says.
As he works, Dean says, ‘So, wings aside, how have you been?’
It makes Dean wonder, so he asks, ‘You don’t wanna turn ‘em out? It’s pretty bright,’ careful to keep any suspicion out of his voice.
Dean shrugs. What
Cas stares at Dean, his gaze searching and penetrating, and then he drops his hand. His brow furrows. ‘Oh.’ He looks at Jack, and something crosses his face, like he’s really looking at him properly for the first time. ‘I’m…sorry,’ he says.
seeing them like this is especially mortifying. Since Dean pulled him out of The Empty—a feat which still fills Castiel with anger and awe and something suspiciously like hope—he’s been overprotective. Barely lets Castiel out of his sight.
them to be different. He was totally prepared, or as prepared as he ever would be, to spill his guts. It was only fair, after all, and what Cas deserved. But more than that, Cas’s confession had knocked something loose in Dean, something that, when the dream of Cas coming back became a reality, was all but battering at his insides, screaming to get out.
‘Just let the kid talk.’
There’s something in Cas’s gaze that makes Dean hope, sometimes, but he knows better than anyone how dangerous hope can be.
No one says anything about how he’d run out minutes ago, but Sam gives him a look that asks if he’s good and Dean gives him a small nod, before he makes his way back to Claire to thank her properly for the gift.
Dean wakes feeling unusually rested. There’s a damp spot beneath his cheek, from where he was drooling into his pillow. He wipes over his mouth and rolls onto his back. It doesn’t twinge, nothing pulls or cracks like it usually does. But the bed feels too hard. He rubs the back of his hand over his eyes and frowns. This isn’t his room.
‘Nothing, it’s…’ Castiel concentrates. It’s the strangest thing, but it’s like the scar is still there—has always been there—under Dean’s skin. The wounds, the scars, Castiel heals are usually gone like they were never there. But this—
‘Don’t what?’
But when Dean comes over, he pays no heed to the careful space Castiel has left, sitting pressed up against him. Their thighs touch from hip to knee, and Castiel wishes he’d put on his formal pants. The pyjamas are too thin, and Dean is so warm beside him.
‘No.’ Dean looks off to the side a moment, breathing in deep, then back to Castiel. ‘You’re staying put this time. Got it?’
So, that leaves Dean with too much time to overthink it all and keep talking himself out of it. Would it be easy to just say it? Right now? He opens his mouth, but ends up asking, ‘Wanna put some music on?’
Dean sighs. ‘I just meant you’re looking kinda rough.’ Right. Not much better. ‘You sick, or something?’
So, the Gas N Sip and everything that comes after feels like a dream. Dean knows, he
‘C’mon, Cas, just tell me.’ Dean rolls his hips, fingers twisting in Castiel’s hair. ‘Anything you want. Let me give it to you.’
Dean smiles, beautiful and true. He slides a hand around Castiel’s waist and pulls him in for a slow, soft kiss. ‘Thanks,’ he says, when they part.
.’ Dean noses at his jaw, bites his earlobe. He’s all roguish confidence, but beneath it, there’s that same vulnerability Castiel saw earlier, and his voice breaks a little when he says, ‘I want it.’
‘Just us?’
‘And how can you help?’
First of all, Dean is wrong—people don’t sing
Cas only moves closer.
And no one has ever done this for him. Not even when he was a kid. Not after his mom—
There’s an awkward pause, and Dean knows they’re both remembering Dean strapped to that chair, but Dean snorts and says, ‘Like to see you try,’ and Sam exhales. ‘Anyway,’ Dean adds, ‘tell Eileen I say hi and that she’s too good for you.’
‘What ultimate question?’
Cas sniffs. ‘Do you want something?’
‘I’m glad to be here.’
Dean snorts, but he settles his head back against Cas’s chest, breathing deep. The steady thrum of Cas’s heartbeat soothes him, and Cas’s fingers leave tingles under his skin. It’s surprisingly easy to relax, even after the nightmare; Dean’s eyes drift closed, and he melts into Cas.
‘Dean.’
I really struggled with this chapter - actually, I’ve been struggling to do anything creative at all lately - and I’m a bit rusty with the smut writing, which is why this is later than I hoped! XD but I finished it so huzzah for that :)
‘It’s been longer than that for me.’
Dean’s brows shoot up. ‘What?’
‘Everyone’s gotta pee, Cas,’ Dean says, before Cas can go into the rant Dean knows is coming. He can’t believe he’s having this conversation. Again. ‘And maybe I think sunscreen is inconvenient.’
Sam rolls his eyes, but Dean can tell he doesn’t hate the idea—in fact, he looks a little wistful—and Eileen says, ‘I’m in,’ with a wide smile as she settles under the umbrella.
?’ He screws his face up because disco, really? ‘Wait. Is this one of those, uh, Bollywood movies? Where everyone sings and dances the whole time?’
At Dean’s frown, Castiel turns, spreading his wings.
Sweat sucks his shirt to his back; the rabbit-fast beating of his heart leaves him queasy and he’s trembling all over.
Cas snorts and crosses his arms over his chest. ‘If the cluck fits, wear it.’
‘I have shirts that aren’t plaid.’
. Or I’ll come home early and lock you both in the dungeon until you fess up.’
Dean snorts, but when Cas eases back, Dean goes with him, hands folded over Cas’s where they rest on his stomach.
The umbrella. The damn thing is rainbow, like they need to
‘Then tell me what you want.’
A little laugh escapes Dean, and he shakes his head. ‘You’re something else, Cas.’
‘No.’
Cas looks over at him, the smallest of smiles playing on his lips. He looks happier than he has since he got back. Dean had thought that things might be weird or strained between them after the back rubs and the way he’d clung to Cas, practically begging him not to leave. But it’s like a reset button has been pressed between them and, after they hugged it out, everything was back to normal.
. A brother. They’ve fought together, confided in each other.
‘How do you usually…’ Dean makes a lewd motion with his hand.
‘To look after you.’ Dean presses, Cas’s spine pops. ‘I want to do it. It feels…good.’ His thumbs move in small circles, barely applying any pressure now. ‘Do you know what I mean?’
the head tilt and the squint.
Cas raises his brows. Dean knows he sounds like a child but, damn it, this isn’t exactly the reaction he’d been expecting, and now he’s all turned around and wrong-footed. ‘Dean,’ Cas says.
Okay?’
And he doesn’t remember the last time
‘No! Dean, you would
It turns heated quickly, Dean’s legs parting to cradle Castiel’s, and his hand reaching out for the lube on the nightstand.
Dean frowns. ‘What, like, how do I love you? You want me to count the ways, or something.’
‘Does that mean I’m your entire top ten now?’ Castiel asks, nosing at the nape of Dean’s neck.
‘So do you.’ Cas’s gaze is warm and penetrating. ‘Is that what you’re doing? Taking a break?’
Dean can tell Cas is holding back, so he tries to catch Cas’s eye, but it doesn’t work like it usually does. It casts Dean adrift and he hates it because Cas is always an anchor for him. ‘You sure that’s all it is?’
‘Well, by the end of the week, I expect to be your entire top five.’
‘What do you mean?’
‘You find me attractive?’
But then Cas’s stomach rumbles and Dean has to pull back because he’s smiling too wide to keep kissing Cas. ‘Thought you weren’t hungry,’ he says, and he doesn’t know if he’s smiling because he’s happy, or because it’s ridiculous that they were interrupted by Cas’s stomach of all things.
‘Like this,’ Castiel says, and climbs on top of Dean, holding him down with his full weight.
‘Mm?’
Dean shrugs one shoulder. ‘I don’t know, man. You…’ He ducks his head. ‘You take my breath away.’
Though Dean relented, Castiel still feels irritated, and he stomps up the stairs. Dean’s ceaseless neglect of his own wellbeing is
‘Uh, yeah.’ Dean closes the door behind him and moves over to the foot of the bed. ‘I wanted to talk. About…you know.’
‘It means—’
It doesn’t take long to debate the merits of lying here stone-cold sober and wide awake versus seeking out some booze and drinking himself to sleep. He swings out of bed and shuffles down the hall, back stiff and knees cracking. Light spills out from under Cas’s door, and Dean stops, taking a step toward the room. He could try to talk to Cas again, sort things out between them before they get worse. Or, he could get as drunk as it’s possible for him to get.
There’s another rumble beneath Dean’s cheek as Cas hums in what might be agreement. They fall into silence; Cas rests his hand in Dean’s hair, tentatively at first, then pushing through, fingertips massaging his scalp. A calm Dean rarely feels washes over him, and he’s halfway between asleep and awake when Cas speaks again.
‘Yeah…’ Dean licks his lips, Cas’s eyes following the movement, and says, ‘We should probably eat.’
‘You are up! I thought I heard voices.’ Jack bounds across the room and all but flings himself at Dean, arms around his neck. ‘Happy birthday.’
‘What?’ Dean snaps.
Fight. Kill. Where’s the angel?
‘C’mon,’ Dean says, standing and pulling on his discarded clothes, ‘the lights won’t move themselves.’ He sucks in a breath, fixes a smile to his face, and turns back. ‘And I ain’t sleeping in here. Your bed’s too hard.’
‘I’m not a monster.’ Jack doesn’t sound entirely certain, even as he takes another half-step forward. He tries a smile. ‘I’m your son. From the future.’
Dean’s lips quirk and he hangs up without saying goodbye. He gives himself a moment, then turns back to Cas. ‘OK, show me what you picked out.’
It seems to ease the remaining tension between them, as Cas’s eyes warm when he says, ‘All right,’ and takes the remote from Dean. He scrolls through until he seems satisfied, and loud music fills the room.
:) (or just feel free to come say hi over there!)
he was going to do?’
Dean frowns at the television. ‘
Cas is naked, and he’s
‘It was easier to just show the shadows,’ Castiel admits, ‘but now it’s easier to leave them like this.’
It’s slower and deeper, this time. Castiel backs Dean further against the fireplace, pressing the lengths of their bodies together. He could do this forever. But Dean flinches in his hold and breaks the kiss.
‘The same thing you’ve been wearing for basically the past twelve years.’
Cas’s brow furrows. ‘But we never do.’
Dean clears his throat and says, ‘Let’s take a rain check on this conversation,’ noting the way the cashier’s shoulders slump.
‘We’re not married, though.’
Dean shakes his head, rocking back to emphasise his point. ‘Just wasn’t expecting it.’
He doesn’t know if he feels this way because of the mark, or if there’s part of Cas that calls to Dean. Something deeper than divinity. Something kindred.
Castiel is dizzy with it and has to pull away, catch his breath. Steady himself. It doesn’t help, though, not with the way Dean is looking at him. He has witnessed the birth of stars, the very first sunrise, things beyond human comprehension, but none of it compares to the look in Dean’s eyes.
‘Cas,’ Dean breathes.
‘Uh-huh.’
A beat, and then, ‘No, it’s not.’ Dean runs a hand over his face. ‘Sorry, man, I—’
, I guess.’
‘I could tell you something only someone close to you would know?’ Jack says.
‘You—’ Several emotions pass over Dean’s face, settling somewhere between amused and stricken. ‘You think I brought you out here with the trees, and the lake, and the fireplace, and the candlelit dinner, and the
Dean’s eyes twinkle. ‘Figured I’ve got some catching up to do.’
‘Did you need me for something?’
Dean lets out a long breath and looks at Cas. ‘Yeah, guess sleeping in the recliner didn’t agree with me, either.’
Dreaming is still so new to Castiel, so strange and disturbing. But then there is the sound of footsteps padding up the stairs, and then Dean appears, looking beautiful and
‘Thank you.’ There’s the slightest flush to Cas’s skin, his eyes a little wide and too-considering as he stares at Dean across the table. He frowns and looks away, rubbing his chin. ‘I should probably shave.’
Thanks for reading! :) posting at Easter probably isn’t the best idea but oh well
‘Oh,’ Castiel breathes.
Why are words so hard to find when no one’s life is at stake?
‘Nothing.’ Cas ducks his gaze. ‘It’s just…going to take a while to adjust to human needs again.’
‘Okay.’
—but Dean is distracted. More than once, he’s flipped the wrong character down, only to realise a moment later.
Dean drops the string and turns, nearly losing his footing. ‘Caught red-handed, huh?’ He wipes his hands on his sweats and hops off the bed.
The words rumble in Cas’s chest, into Dean’s temple. ‘Yeah,’ Dean says, surprised at how true it is. It’s not like he thought being close to Cas would be
‘Didn’t say it bothered me.’ It the-opposite-of-bothered Dean. Was kind of nice in fact, that something about them says
It’s overwhelming, the feel of Dean in his arms, their lips moving against each other, the taste of Dean, the scent of him. And, beyond that, the fire, and the rain, and the thunder. Castiel still hasn’t mastered which sensation to focus on, how to filter other things out.
‘Dean?’
There’s something he’s not saying, Castiel
in a way nothing has in a long time.
He scrubs a hand through his hair and grimaces. It’s gone stiff with dried blood and muck. ‘Shit, I really need to shower.’
For all their touches over the years, casual or otherwise, there is something in this gesture that speaks of a shift between them. Maybe Dean doesn’t have to say it. Maybe Cas
‘But you love us,’ Eileen says.
And please feel free to come find me on Tumblr
Cas makes a disapproving noise and Dean knows exactly what face he’s making even without looking.
Dean barks out a laugh and shakes his head.
‘It’s not the
‘What, no! I don’t get nervous about sex.’ And, yeah, he sounds defensive. But he doesn’t want to admit he
Dean shrugs and ducks his gaze.
The desperation in his voice twists in Dean’s gut and he feels like an asshole. ‘Nothing. I was just thinking—’
There was Purgatory, the first time, but Dean thought Cas would get out with him. That he could tell him later.
. But they’re like strangers these days.Cas has faith again. (In something, someone, that’s not Dean.) Cas was lost, now he’s found. It’s a kick in the guts because Dean never realised Cas was lost. Don’t they have each other? Dean, Cas, Sam. They’re a family. They’re home.But Cas is slipping away, out of Dean’s grasp, and he can only try to hold on.—Cas is home.
‘I’m a genius, what can I say?’
After, they slump together, forehead to forehead, chests heaving. Dean’s thighs and knees ache, and there’s an uncomfortable sheen of sweat coating his skin, but he wants to stay like this as long as he can.
‘Yes, and I don’t see why that’s funny.’ Cas has hunched in on himself a little, even as he meets Dean’s gaze with a defiant tilt of his chin.
‘There are shells everywhere.’
which is my SPN tumblr - it’s mostly me reblogging things but I do post my fics there and my art, sometimes or
Sam sends him a warning look, but he ignores it; Cas frowns down at his hands and says, ‘I don’t think I did anything wrong.’
and, when the texting tapers off, he wanders into the garage to give Baby a tune-up.
‘Then why are we here?’
Cas, though, plucks it out of the toolbox and says, ‘It’s eleven minutes and approximately twenty-seven seconds past nine.’
‘Well, give us a blow by blow.’
(See the end of the chapter for
A few people glance their way; sweat prickles at the back of Dean’s neck. ‘Do
‘Did you get beer?’ Dean asks around a mouthful, eyebrows raised hopefully in Sam’s direction.
‘It is perfect, Dean,’ Castiel says. ‘Everything is perfect.’
? But then he risks a glance over, and Cas has reached his hand out. Oh. He meant he could use his mojo. Something that is definitely not disappointment wells up in Dean’s chest. ‘Nah,’ he says around it, ‘never really feel clean when you do that.’
because Cas is fucking weird—and, sure, Dean is old enough to admit he can maybe be weird too, sometimes—but this doesn’t feel like that.
‘Oh.’ Cas blinks. Dean can’t tell if he’s surprised that Dean feels that way, which would be
So, when a case comes up in freaking Dodge City, Dean goes all out. Even gets a hat for Cas.
‘That was definitely not bad.’ Cas pulls away to look up at Dean, eyes wide. ‘Was it?’
Dean snorts. ‘Yeah, right, and then I’ll have a bad ankle
‘I don’t know, man.’ Dean runs a hand over his face. ‘It doesn’t seem important. Not anymore. I don’t need paper or a ceremony to feel…committed to you, or whatever.’
Dean’s stomach flutters for some stupid mysterious reason. (He totally knows the reason.) ‘That was nice.’
‘My only other clean pants were my suit pants. I packed them when I thought this was a case.’
Something brushes against Castiel’s neck—he thinks it might be Dean’s lips—but then Dean starts working his way through his feathers again, and Castiel lets Dean take care of him.
Cas looks away.
The hand pushes up, along Castiel’s neck, and into his hair. A shudder runs through Castiel, and his breathing feels a little shallower. He doesn’t understand how a simple touch can affect him this much.
Hell, it’s half the fun, even if it makes his chest tight with longing.
Anyway, just inflicting my eclectic taste in movies on them at the end of the day :P (Dean made it about 6 minutes into
‘Yes.’
Dean winks. ‘No such thing.’
dad. ‘Well, I’m glad you’re here, too.’
‘I’m not sulking.’ Cas doesn’t pout, but it’s a near thing.
Cas blinks. ‘Sam will be back soon.’
They make short work of stringing the lights above Dean’s bed; Dean’s hand trembles as he reaches up, and he hopes Cas doesn’t notice.
Castiel nods.
‘This is awesome’—Dean smiles up at Cas—‘thanks.’
‘Luring me here under false pretences?’ Dean clucks his tongue. ‘Not very gentlemanly of you, Cas.’ At Cas’s baleful glare, Dean adds, ‘And why did I need to get away from the kitchen?’
‘Empty?’ Dean supplies.
‘I’m not.’
‘I’m fine, Dean, it’s nothing.’
‘Later.’ Cas’s voice is rougher and deeper and thick with emotion.
‘So,’ Dean says, ’you ready to go home?’
‘Yeah, and you know why?’ When Castiel gives a small shake of his head, Dean adds, ‘Because we’re awesome.’
‘I’m what?’
, and finds himself saying, ‘Guess you’ve never had a bath, huh?’
Maybe another time Dean would let himself feel ashamed, maybe he’d look away. But he’s tired, and he doesn’t care, and he wants to look. And Cas doesn’t seem bothered by him looking. In fact, he looks almost smug, preening under Dean’s appreciative gaze.
Cas’s breath hitches and his voice is thick with emotion when he says, ’I love you, too.’
He walks to the door where he pauses, turning back to Dean, hands folded behind his back. ‘Captain?’
There’s a knock at his door, and Castiel mumbles, ‘Just a second,’ searching for his shirt. But the door is pushed open, anyway, and Dean barges in.
And, fine, maybe Dean was being naïve to think it would be easy after all these years—and he never thought what happened after would be easy, relationships are work, that’s what Sammy’s always telling him—but he didn’t think it would be hard. He didn’t think it would be
tapes.’
‘Me too.’
‘Well, then who is?’ Dean says.
He doesn’t remember the last time he even took a bath. Or the last time he let someone else do something like this for him. There’s no one but Cas he’d let do this, and that’s not the revelation it might have been once upon a time.
‘OK… Cool?’ Sam gives Cas and Dean a careful look, raising his brows. ‘Not cool?’
He looks at Sam and Eileen with their arms around each other and Jack sitting guard by his castle. And then he looks at Cas, wearing his tacky shirt just because Dean wanted him to, and his pulse flutters. He knocks their knees together and Cas looks over at him, lips quirking.
Cas squints at him. ‘I had assumed you knew how reproduction works.’
having Babe’s pickled trotters in his pantry.
Cas tenses. ‘What are you doing?’
, so he says, ‘I’m sorry,’ half to Cas, half to himself.
.’ Dean nudges Cas’s shoulder. ‘They’re awesome, like I said. Thank you.’
Oh. He has big hands.
All Cas has to say is, ‘Dean,’ and Dean is sighing, turning around. He scrubs his hands over his face and says, ‘I know.’
‘What, bed not comfy?’ It’s no time for even half-hearted quips, but Dean can’t help himself.
‘Let me,’ Cas says.
Castiel can’t stand knowing Dean is blaming himself, so he says, ‘But it’s better to be here with broken wings than to be stuck
Castiel swallows and, realising he’s still cradling Dean’s ankle in his hands, gently lowers Dean’s foot to the floor. He glances up, breath catching in his throat at the look in Dean’s eyes. It seems harder, this time, to control his reactions to Dean. He takes a deep breath and bandages Dean’s ankle, trying to ignore the heat burning through him.
‘Wait, Dean, I forgot something,’ Jack says as they step into the kitchen.
It’s not quite a command, but Dean says, ‘OK,’ and finally stops resisting.
‘I think I forgot something inside,’ Castiel says, ‘I’d better check.’ It’s the fourth time he’s tried this.
‘Well, I guess we technically already live together. But, yeah, essentially.’ Dean’s heart pounds; he licks his lips. ‘If it’s not too fast, or—’
‘Okay.’ A little laugh bursts out of Dean, and he shakes his head. Before Castiel can say anything, Dean leans down and kisses him, taking his face in his hands. ‘Okay,’ he repeats and raises his hips.
‘Tell me.’
‘Well, that’s an offer I can’t refuse, huh?’ Dean says, and lets Cas steer him back to their room.
you adjust.’ He looks around for somewhere to hang the lights, then back to Cas, staring him down. ‘Now, where d’you want ‘em?’
Thanks for reading! :D I’ve had a…really not great week, on a personal level, but I got this done! So…huzzah for that, at least. If you catch any typos, weird formatting issues, etc., please do feel free to let me know - I always go back and edit small things when I catch them :)
‘There’s only one bed.’
when you say things like that.’
‘No,’ Castiel says. He brings one of Dean’s hands to his mouth and kisses the palm. ‘But you’re shaking.’
Castiel’s lips twitch.
‘So beautiful and good, Dean,’ Cas repeats, ‘and I love you so much.’
‘You gonna tell me what’s got your feathers so ruffled?’ Dean asks Cas. ‘He some kinda mega demon, or something?’
‘Found this stashed in the kitchen,’ Dean says, setting his glass down and holding the box up. It’s a game. Something called Guess Who. Dean waggles the box. ‘Wanna play?’
‘It isn’t,’ Dean says, but he leans into Castiel’s side, and they hobble back to the cabin, soaked through and shivering.
‘What’re you doing?’ Dean asks, sleep-hoarse.
A breeze blows past, rustling leaves, almost swallowing Dean’s sigh. ‘Just… Talk to me.’ His hand falls from Castiel’s arm to rest against his side.
Cas looks uncertain but he takes himself in his hand, eyelids fluttering and hips twitching. It’s really fucking hot.
‘What way do you think?’
Cas’s brow furrows. He looks at the jacket, caught in their clasped hands, back up to Dean. His eyes glitter and his voice is wrecked when he says, ‘I’m sorry.’
Cas huffs, his stomach quivering under Dean’s hand. ‘That would be nice, too. Whatever you want, Dean.’
‘You were happy.’
Cas squints, head tilted, then moves around Dean and by the time Dean can make himself move, Cas has settled into one of the recliners, hands folded on his knees. ‘What movie are we watching?’ he asks.
‘Good night, Dean.’
‘Yeah, I guess so,’ Dean grumbles, but he’s smiling and lets Eileen wrap him in a hug. He squeezes her tight, then pulls back when he feels her putting something on his head. He reaches up and feels something pointy. One of those damn party hats. She grins up at him and he can’t even pretend to be grumpy about it.
‘Cas!’ Jack pulls away from Dean, turning to Cas, and giving him the same treatment he gave Dean moments earlier.
They continue their meal in an awkward silence until Dean says, ‘This is stupid,’ dropping his fork and leaning back.
‘Nah, I was just curious,’ Dean says, but the truth is in his eyes.
Dean gives Castiel a sidelong look. ‘I feel like I should’ve known you’d have a possessive streak.’
and, still, there is so much he hasn’t done.
Dean swallows the eggs down with some coffee and says, ‘Knock yourself out.’
The remote is on the floor, where it had fallen from Dean’s hand. Cas looks at it, then up at Dean. He bends, slowly, picking up the remote and holding it out.
if anyone is interested haha)
‘Well, I’ll be rustier.
Words are for later. Now, Castiel needs to touch Dean, to hold him, to kiss him. So, he crowds Dean against the fireplace, Dean’s gaze steady on him, and takes Dean’s face in his hands. ‘Dean,’ he says, ‘I love you so much.’
‘I mean it.’
Castiel is somewhere in between these days. Enough spark of grace that he can’t reasonably think of himself as human, but not enough to be a fully powered angel.
Cas squints. ’Some kissing tips.’
‘But—’
(See the end of the chapter for
(I was also, admittedly, sidetracked by trying to get
nervous and he doesn’t know why. ‘It’s been three years,’ he says, instead.
Cas lays a tentative hand over Dean’s, warm and encompassing. ‘So am I.’
Cas doesn’t answer, just gets in the car. In the morning, Dean will take Cas to work, make sure he stays out. Stays safe.
‘What the fuck, Cas?’
Anger and guilt twist in Dean’s gut, making him say things he shouldn’t.
‘I’m cool with it how it is if you are.’
Dean watches a few moments, and then he says, ‘Here, wait.’ He shifts forward, guiding Cas’s hand until it’s around both of them.
The mattress dips as Cas shifts beside him. ‘In what way?’
Castiel laughs. ‘We are,’ he says, and kisses Dean again.
‘You dropped this.’ Dean hands over the wallet, stupidly pleased that their fingers brush. How can a small, casual touch, still thrill him?
Castiel breathes in deep and easily, the loamy scent of earth bracing him. Leaves and twigs crunch underfoot as they make their way through the forest. Dean walks ahead, his jeans pulling tight as flat ground makes way for an incline. Heat simmers in Castiel’s blood, and he wonders if he should feel ashamed, but when he tries he can only muster a hint of something closer to frustration. Sleeping next to Dean is going to be torture.
‘What? No. Of course I want to, Dean, but I don’t— You’ve said yourself, so many times, that this kind of life isn’t good for relationships.
‘Sorry, I should have—’
If she hadn’t used that exact term, Dean is pretty sure Cas would have protested, but he’d practically
Cas huffs and Jack looks thoughtful for long moments until he says, ‘A long time ago, you and some other angels went to kill a Nephilim.’ He looks uneasy, and there’s tension in the air. ‘You didn’t realise until a really long time after that it wasn’t the right thing to do.’ He frowns. ‘But…you don’t know that, yet.’
‘Just to clarify,’ Cas says, lips shining as he pulls away, ‘you’re asking me to move in with you.’
Cas is a lot more gentle than Dean had imagined he would be. Not that Dean had ever imagined
‘No!’
‘I just…I thought it’d be different, after we dealt with Chuck, and I got you back.’ Dean squeezes his eyes shut and raises one hand, sliding it around until it rests over Cas’s chest. The steady thrum of his heart beats into the well of Dean’s palm. This isn’t the kind of thing he’d usually let himself do—they hug when they’re dying or back from death, not— ‘But I’m so tired.’
But it’s not on the cards. Not for him.
And Dean can’t help himself, he grins, then, shaking his head. Fuck but he lov— He clears his throat, face warming, and says, ‘You gonna get in, or what?’
Castiel never thought having Dean by his side at all times would be
‘Dean…’
‘I’m fine,’ Dean grinds out.
Unless, he was trying to soften the blow?
‘You don’t have to
There’s a woman a few feet down from them, peering past Dean to where Cas and Jack are working on their sandcastle. Dean raises his brow in her direction and she glances away, a beat too late. Dean rolls his eyes and pulls at his shirt—it matches his shorts, yellow pineapples and white hibiscus on a red background—letting warm air in. He gives up trying to cool off and glances back to Cas and Jack.
But it’s overcome by the desire to see Dean, so he steps in, tugging at Dean’s shirt, wasting no time in running his palms up Dean’s chest once his skin is bared. Tracing the ridge of a collarbone, palming the side of his neck. Dean’s head drops to the side, and Castiel replaces his hand with his mouth, kissing Dean’s pulse.
‘Yeah, OK.’ Dean looks at Cas a moment, then makes a decision. He pushes at Cas’s shoulders, guiding him to sit back against the pillows, then straddles his thighs. ‘Do you jerk off?’
The rhythm of Castiel’s hips falters once or twice, rapt in ecstasy, in Dean, but Dean doesn’t seem to mind. His eyes are hazy, even as they hold Castiel’s.
Cas stares at Dean silently for so long that Dean wonders if Cas had heard him, but then Cas says, ‘No, I…I think I’d like to stay here. For now.’
Dean bites his lip against a smile, in case he starts laughing again, but he easily sobers at the intense look in Cas’s eyes. ‘What?’
you want to be married?’
Satisfaction wells up in Dean and he slumps back against the headboard. ‘It can last longer, though.’
A strangled sound escapes Castiel when Dean sucks a kiss to the hollow of his throat; he had no idea that would feel good.
‘Dean?’
‘Do you?’
Sam shrugs his giant shoulders and Eileen smiles. They say, ‘Happy birthday,’ in unison, then look a little embarrassed about it.
‘Snacks,’ Dean blurts. He can’t look at Cas. He pushes himself out of the recliner, stands frozen by it. ‘We don’t have snacks.’ He runs a hand over his face.
‘Yeah, yeah,’ Dean says, waving a hand. ‘We still can’t sleep on a bare mattress.’
Caught staring. And Dean’s only a little embarrassed. ‘You got a little...’ He waves at Cas’s chin, where a fleck of egg is caught in his whiskers.
Dean swallows. ‘Good to know.’
It stings Castiel, as always, to be reminded of his waning grace, though he knows that wasn’t Dean’s intention. That he’s deflecting his own desire behind a true concern for Castiel. But, still, it leaves Castiel lost for words and he must take too long to answer because Dean shakes his head, moving around Castiel.
finished for the Lazarus Rising anniversary!)
It hits Castiel that it isn’t that different from reality. The bunker may not be as cosy as the cabin, but it’s the only home Castiel has known. And his family is there. And Dean may not want Castiel the way Castiel wants him, but they
Dean coils the lights up in his arms and Cas plucks the photos from above his desk and the succulent from his nightstand and they head to Dean’s room in silence.
Dean slowly lifts his gaze from his hand on Cas’s chest, to Cas’s face.
‘Cas.’ Dean swallows. ‘I mean, shit, you seemed surprised about the jacket and— And you don’t even know how broken I was when you—’ His throat is tight and hot and— Fuck. He’s not going to
So, when Castiel sees Dean through an opened door, he only lets out a sigh of relief, not stopping to think about the significance of the room, or wonder why Dean is standing in the middle of it unmoving.
Castiel raises his brows, but he says, ‘OK,’ and settles with his back to Dean again. A calm Castiel has rarely felt settles over him as Dean works his fingers through his feathers, straightening them and plucking the loose ones.
Or, worse still, letting down a friend.
There’s a sharp intake of breath and then Cas says, ‘I— Yes.’ He pauses, the silence filling up with more unsaid words. ‘I still feel them, sometimes. Like…phantom limbs.’
Neither of them speak.
It’s probably Sam, come to check why Dean is still in the bathroom. Dean had come in here to take a shower forty minutes ago, to wash off the hunt because they drove straight through to get home instead of cleaning up at a motel, but he didn’t make it to the stalls. He ended up sinking to the floor, sitting on the cold tiles with his back pressed against their new tub, unable, or unwilling, to move. He doesn’t know why, he just…couldn’t.
A spike of panic pierces Dean, and he says, ‘I don’t,’ breath catching. He licks his lips. ‘Want you to leave, that is.’
It’s different now that Dean’s prepared. Although he’s not sure he could ever be fully prepared for
‘Bubbles?’ Cas repeats. He squints at Dean. ‘For the bath.’
Dean grits his teeth and says, ‘Empty,’ ignoring the squirming in his gut.
have a child together because neither of us has a uterus.’
Dean huffs, sinking his hand into Castiel’s hair. He uses it to gently guide Castiel’s head back, so he’s looking up into Dean’s eyes. ‘Hey, you
‘Are…you?’ he says.
‘I made it myself,’ Jack says. ‘Do you like it?’
‘It was.’ Dean swallows the other words he wants to say, the
Thanks so much for reading, everyone! <333
‘But?’
Sam’s eyebrows shoot into his hairline and Cas turns back to Dean. ‘Dean,’ he says, ‘we could
him—and then he pushes himself to his feet.
‘Decorate it? With what?’ Jack asks.
And sorry for the belated update - I’ve not been at all well, lately, but hopefully this chapter was worth the wait :) And, if everything goes to plan (i.e. I don’t get sick again), the final chapter will be up next week same time!
They handled it without Cas. Dean has no reason to be pissed that Cas didn’t show, and the thing is he
and Dean just about drops his phone.
Castiel narrows his eyes, crossing his arms over his stomach. ‘Fine. But you can’t go up the stairs.’
Castiel pushes himself up, so he’s slumped against the headboard, and takes the lube from Dean. ‘This is a big bottle.’
‘I’m not going anywhere, Dean, unless you want—’
‘You really mean that?’
‘It’s weird, huh? I couldn’t even look at the closed door, and suddenly I stopped thinking about it. How I lost you here—’
‘It’s not just this. It’s the blanket, and the food, and the Christmas lights…’ Cas sighs. ‘You don’t owe me anything.’
So Castiel says, ‘Then yes,’ heart beating hard.
Dean do. He sighs, but something occurs to him. He snaps his fingers, brightening for a moment. ‘I can fix it.’
Instead of answering, Cas cups Dean’s face in his hands and kisses him. Slow and deep.
But when a voice calls out, it’s not Sam, but Cas, saying, ‘Dean?’ all concern beneath the gruffness.
‘Yeah, Cas,’ Dean says, ‘it’s good. So—’ He breaks off on a moan. ‘You’re so good.’
, or if he’s surprised Dean has said it. Cas shifts his weight. ‘I—’
‘Yes, you have. Was it…’
And Dean and Cas have
‘I didn’t finish,’ Cas says. Before Dean can ask
Dean twists his fingers in Cas’s shirt. It’s some old Joni Mitchell tour shirt Cas found at a thrift store and Dean likes to give Cas shit about his weird taste in music whenever he wears it. He likes it, though. How it sits on Cas and makes him look like he belongs here.
‘Sure, I know, I just—’
‘Yeah, Sammy, I’m going to tell him,’ Dean huffs, one hand cradling his phone against his ear, the other flicking through a rack of flannel shirts. He pauses on a blue one a shade darker than Cas’s eyes, then keeps flicking.
Dean nods. He looks up at Cas, who is still kneeling with his hands resting on his thighs, and reaches out for him. ‘C’mere,’ he says, tugging until Cas is sitting next to him.
Speaking of Tumblr, there is
‘Don’t sweat it, kiddo,’ Dean says, ruffling Jack’s hair, ‘I can get a new one.’
Castiel stops and thinks. ‘I feel connected to you…’ He trails off, shakes his head. ‘No, I feel
‘Yes. Why wouldn’t I?’
Having a really bad week, so I hope this chapter makes sense XD I managed to get this done, though, so huzzah for that, at least! Hopefully part three will be up same time, next week :)
‘Bet I can make you feel even better,’ Dean says, and then he takes Castiel into his mouth.
The relief that flickers over Dean’s face is definitely not in Castiel’s imagination. There’s something oddly gratifying in the thought of Dean being jealous over
‘Maybe he could help us with our apocalypse problem,’ Dean says. ‘Lucifer’s kid’s gotta have some intel, right?’
‘I haven’t slept much.’
. This is really happening. Cas slides his hands along Dean’s thighs and rests them on his knees.
‘Cas?’
‘Is there another bedroom?’
that I listened to while writing so I guess it’s kind of a soundtrack for it?
Cas smiles and Dean smiles back, and then he heads for the kitchen. Cas made him dinner and wants to watch a movie with him. Spend time with him. This is good. This is definitely good. Then why is he all jittery? It’s like… Jesus, like he’s some nervous kid before a first date.
Something suspiciously close to, but definitely not, jealousy fizzes in Dean’s blood, churns in his gut. So, Cas knocks up some human chick in the future. Guy isn’t going to stay a virgin forever, is he? That’s if the kid is telling the truth. ‘Well,’ Dean says, licking his lips, ‘Cas, you old dog.’ His voice sounds wrong.
He looks trapped, and Dean’s stomach sinks even as something like anger, but might only be hurt, curls behind his ribs. What the hell has Dean done for Cas to react like this? He hasn’t spoken to the guy in days. But maybe that’s the problem. Maybe he should have tried harder to track Cas down, talk to him. Maybe Cas thinks Dean doesn’t want him here. Maybe he's been walking into rooms as Dean's been walking out of them and the place is just too damn big for either of them to realise.
