"Yes, just us and friends."
Steve’s quite chuckle trailed off to a gasp of surprise as Tony pulled back, and flipped him onto his stomach with ease. Feeling an odd thrill run through him, as Tony lifted his hips, he buried his face in the pillows his entire being focusing on Tony’s hands and lips as they worked their way down his back pressing kisses and sweet words against his skin.
"Anyway, you'll be there, of course, Rhodey in tow?”
He felt a rumbled against his back.
-#-#-#-
Tony stared at the phone, “A mission! Fury has them on a mission?”
Tony blinked surprised,  "Oh?" he responded before he remembered that Happy had been talking about taking May on a vacation.
“You ok?” Steve rasped gently running a big hand up and down his back soothingly.
Tony resisted the urge to roll his eyes, he was well used to Steve proclivities now; he wasn’t fussed with the short answers.
The man seemed amused nodding again, but before Peter could say more he heard Ned, "Come on Parker is he here yet? People are starting to think you…” he turned just as Ned trailed off, he knew the second his friend caught sight of Mr. Rogers; his eyes bugged out of his head.
Steve paused mid-thought, “Oh?”
It was long moments later before they finally managed to subdue the mammoth creature. Drax still yelling and slashing at the monster as the rest of them stepped back finally taking note of the newcomers to their midst.
“So…” Tony started, Steve felt his lips curl, “Who was bottom?”
“Think I’ll turn in Pep,” he muttered moving to head for their bedroom.
Tony frowned, “Who?”
Sighing he tapped the end of the pencil against his list reading his choices over again, before finally circling one decisively.
“We used to, in the early days, have a thing at the Tower, on Christmas Eve we’d get together and have a little party and watch movies, together.”
Steve frowned at the list before him reading it over carefully again putting small ticks beside the ones that sparked a little interest. Steve had been feeling restless of late, he wasn’t sure what it was, he was more than happy and contented with his life. He was marrying the man he loved more than anything soon, the team was doing well, it seemed they were getting new members every day.
Tony couldn’t stay away, he was moving closer to the pair, heart trying to beat out of his chest. She offered him a small smile then and Steve nodded, not a single word exchanged between them before someone was rounding up the kids and moving them away and somewhere safe. Tony watched them go as he came to stand beside the man still kneeling in the debris-strewn street.
Steve watched him dart about amused, he didn’t have to move, people tended to move out of his way.
“Broken white boy you came to visit!” Shuri approached them not the least bit intimidated by the ex-assassin, hugging him before she pulled away grinning.
He'd been supposed to be going with Anthony to China, he often joined his boyfriend on business trips, sometimes in the capacity as a bodyguard, but more so in the role of ‘kept man' as Sam and Bucky liked to tease him. It didn't faze Steve, he had no problem being Anthony’s kept man.
-#-#-#-
Standing Steve quietly headed for the shower, he felt sticky, and grimy his long blonde hair greasy. Striping he tossed the clothes in the hamper before he stepped into the shower letting the warm water soothe his achy limbs. He felt like he was coming out of cryo, the stillness and inactivity had always made him ache, but for once his mind was surprisingly clear.
Tony looked up from his paperwork as the rustling at the far side of the lab finally grabbed his attention. Curious he watched his fiancée fuss around setting up an easel on a drop cloth before setting a canvas on it. More than happy to put the boring paperwork off for a bit he wandered over to where the big man sat staring at the empty canvas.
The others laughed, and Tony must have been sick because he took pity on the sputtering Bucky.
-#-#-#-
He looked nervous, unsure…Steve had never seen him anything but confident, and composed.
“Not going to last, fuck yes Steve,” one of Anthony’s arms was moving from his shoulder between them gripping himself as Steve steadily lifted him up and down, feeling his own impending orgasm coiling in his belly.
-#-#-#-
Bruce couldn’t help the amused grin, he’d heard of Peter through Tony. His friend spoke very highly of the teen, a bright young mind.
-#-#-#-
Wanda was still grinning as they headed off down the street,
“I told you,” he had sniffed looking at Anthony.
Stilling Tony held him tight, the only sound their panting breaths, and Steve could hear his racing heart. The adrenaline was slow to leave him, as he drifted slowly, pleasure hazed and content.
They watched as Steve expertly brought the horse alongside the car with his knees.
Steve felt his cheeks heat resting his head against Tony’s strong shoulder, he didn’t want to admit it,  but he was worried about meeting the others. Tony talked a lot about them, and he was curious to meet them but more than that he was worried about making a good impression. He knew he was bad with people, standoffish and cold…he didn’t have friends….didn’t have relationships, and he wasn’t anything special…he was frighteningly average.
Tony watched as Steve’s lips curled back and he bared his teeth in his best approximation of a smile, “This...”
They moved off down the sidewalk, Tony talking a mile a minute as Steve did his best to keep pace. Tony walked like he had a purpose, confident as he moved, the crowd on the street seeming to part before him, while Steve dodged as best he could, people tended to ignore him.
“Stark,” he answered muzzily, a familiar laugh on the other end.
Bruce returned the smile, “Interesting actually, they’re making some incredible strides in the fields of gamma studies.”
Wincing he set the tray down a moment as he flexed his fingers frowning at the digits. He absently rubbed at his shoulder, it ached today he wasn't sure why perhaps he had slept on it funny.
“To invite them to a Christmas party.”
Back in their bedroom, he was digging for some jeans when another thought crossed his mind, the message had said costume, it was Halloween after all, he should go in costume right?
-#-#-#-
“Tony!” he finally managed gasping.
“Ok?” Steve asked in his husky rumble.
Bruce laughed, “Yup.”
His therapist had thought perhaps it had to do with his own self-fulfillment and self-actualization, that maybe he was looking for something that defined him as a person; maybe a hobby would help. Something that was his own. He was still trying to draw on occasion but it didn’t quite feel…right.
“What do you want?” His voice cracked, and he coughed wetly, groaning as it made his head hurt. Something warm and wet was running down his neck, and Steve had a sneaking suspicion it was blood.
Steve looked pleased, “Good.”
-#-#-#-
In short order Anthony was lifting his hips and sliding down onto him with a long low groan, “Yesss…” he hissed not stopping until Steve bottomed out.
“Let me see,” Sam spoke soothingly, voice gentle and calm. Steve spotted them standing together, head’s drawn close. Buck was holding his arm awkwardly while Sam cautiously looking it over brow knitted in worry.
-#-#-#-
Grunting he shifted planting his feet firm pulling Anthony down, and that was it, with a long low wail he was coming apart in his arms. Steve rocking him up once more and down before he was following his lover with a grunt, wrapping his arms tightly around the smaller man as they both heaved for breath.
It had felt so real.
Floating he was roused again by Friday, her voice distant and far asking him if he was ok, and reminding him they had an appointment that afternoon, something for the wedding but he couldn’t…he couldn’t focus. He knew he had to get up, get moving, but he couldn’t seem to get his body to cooperate.
“I saw, good job,” the big man rasped before he was turning back. The others were gathering around curious.
Steve was pleased, “I’m glad, they’re good for each other.”
“Looks great love,” he assured him.
He sighed, there was really no need to worry, Steve was more than capable of looking after himself, and he was with Peter no doubt the kid was getting him caught up on movies and pop culture. Not that Steve needed any encouragement, he was starting to make Tony feel old.
“Well on the upside it is on theme for the day,” Sam pointed out.
Sniffing he rounded the coroner moving away from the tower only to run headlong into someone.
“Don’t think I didn’t notice those leather pants, you’re wearing love,” he muttered under his breath knowing Steve would hear.
“Didn’t you want…” he started voice a little raspy himself.
Tony leaned against Steve, the big man perched on a stool watching him with those sky-blue eyes, “Not really.”
“Feeling any better?” Steve asked as he set the tray aside.
Tony hummed interested, “And I was the prince charming who swept you off your feet?”
Peter pipped up then, eager and bright, “We came to invite you to Mr. Stark’s Christmas Party.”
“Sergeant Rogers, Peter how are you?”
-#-#-#-
Chuckling Tony kissed his cheek, “Oh yeah?”
“Very nice to finally meet you Peter, Tony speaks highly of you.”
His plans though…his thougt of the ring in his pocket. The black silicone band he’s had personalized, and ready to go just for tonight.
“Merry Christmas,” Anthony mumbled against his lips, Steve nibbled them gently.
Steve still a little unused to the open displays of affection, he found himself flushing. Nodding gathering the bowls and chips heading back towards the living room.
Tony bustled out of the bathroom, quickly stripping the bed and grabbing fresh sheets. He moved briskly about the room getting the bed remade and grabbing fresh underwear and PJ pants for Steve. Taking a moment to strip out of his suit, he quickly tugged on his own sweats, and a loose t-shirt.
“Rogers!”
He nodded shakily, “Home,” he parroted his mind just as fuzzy as his vision.
“Deal, on the condition you’re at the compound on Friday.”
-#-#-#-
Steve nodded, feeling a little pang of sadness, he understood though. Turning he joined the others on the jet as they headed back to the compound.
“Oh my god that’s adorable,” Natasha muttered as she held up her phone to snap a picture.
Steve’s tired body pulled him towards slumber, “Anthony…”
-#-#-#-
“Tony really…it’s nothing I haven't heard before, heard worse than that actually…”
“Bring her,” Steve shrugged.
Steve could see he was getting upset, gently he reached out his right hand burring his fingers in dark hair as he gently massaged.
,” Sam chortled and Bucky could do no more than nod silently in agreement.
Within the hour, the last of them had been neutralized, and was Steve shouldering his rifle before he made his way over to the others.
“I’m good Pepper thanks for asking,” he returned politely.
Steve stood moving to the little board and marker on the wall near the fridge. It was covered in notes; random thoughts and equations from Bruce and Anthony, Buck’s neat message about needing more milk, and Clint’s ranking of
Tony was not nearly as awake as he needed to be for this conversation, “What are you talking about?”
Groaning he closed his eyes, it had hurt…much more than any of the others. More powerful and painful. He opened his mouth to say what he wasn’t sure, but a wave of pain caught him again.
“You got it, I’ll keep him company.”
“Steve’s riding a horse," Clint said with an impressed tone.
“How do you…who taught… never mind I don’t want to know.” He shook his head turning away muttering and Steve couldn’t help the horse wheezy bark of laughter.
Rhodey had laughter in his voice, “He did it again.”
“To see Strange,” he explained as they rounded the corner and the ominous-looking stone building on Bleecker Street appeared.
Shuri assessed him a moment before she narrowed his eyes, “Would you like to see my lab?”
They were silent a while longer, “Pepper wants a prenup…” his voice was barely above a whisper.
“I’m sorry,” Steve mumbled against his stomach.
Steve hesitated, “Please?” Anthony whispered aching his hips ever so slightly.
Steve could deny him nothing.
He felt a messy kiss against his spine as he heard the faint crinkle of the condom wrapper as he waited trembling, and thrilled, anticipation running through him, waiting…then Tony was there pressing in and Steve couldn’t think of anything.
“Sargent Rogers,”
The big man shrugged and Tony was worried the shirt was going to split at the seams.
She offered him a shaky smile, “Pic is fine.”
Tony nodded sighing heavily as he reluctantly made his way towards the jet.
“It’s ok because we’re going to throw a Christmas Eve party like we did in the old days before…” he trailed off shaking his head, he didn’t want to go down that path.
Strong arms came up gently grasping his sides as Steve turned motioning for him to climb onto his back. Tony didn’t even argue, he wrapped his arms around his strong neck, he hooked his legs around his waist. Steve hitched him a little higher and Tony nuzzled against his neck closing his eyes. He felt Steve moving but Tony couldn't bring himself to care where sighing he slumped forward his feverish body pulling him to slumber.
He heard the distinct sound of a phone taking a picture and turned back, the women was staring at him pale-faced a hand over her mouth phone held out before her.
Anthony was looking at him with a warm smile and a rather sultry look in his eye. Steve raised an eyebrow at him, Anthony winked.
Steve cracked a grin to himself, as he glanced around the wide-open field he’d fallen into. They were in farm country, the rolling green hills seemed to stretch for miles.
His voice was so small and so scared, it tore at his heart. Tenderly kissing his head he kept up his soothing ministrations running big hands across his back and over his hip.
Tony nodded against him, but Steve could still feel the tension in him, the fear radiating off him. Dropping his towel he slid naked into the bed beside his husband pulling him close. Anthony went willing, there was nothing sexual about the contact as the smaller man clung to him, just simple comfort as Steve held him tight, running his hands up and down the strong back.
Wheezing he fumbled through his bag, fingers trembling as he searched for his inhaler.
“Really?”
He was safe, he was free, he was in bed with his fiancée.
The elevator dinged and he was hurrying off and out of the building, he didn't really care where he went just that he needed to getaway. Wiping at his eyes angrily he was out the doors and moving unseeingly.
Steve nodded again, the dark-haired man gave him a long assessing look before Steve thought perhaps some of the severe lines around his mouth softened a little.
"Sorry, I'm late kid, got held up with Strange."
He was working himself up again, the tears pressing in as his sniffled, then suddenly Steve was kissing him soft and sweet, and so perfectly. Tony couldn’t help the soft stuttering sobs as he leaned into the contact, needing to know this wasn’t a dream, Steve was awake and in his arms…his husband was going to be ok.
He blinked again, as he tried to gather himself, what was wrong with him today? He couldn’t seem to…couldn’t hold down his thoughts today he felt scattered like his mind was in pieces.
Steve watched him, saw the minute tick of muscle in his jaw, the deep lines around his mouth. He was clearly done with all of them. Steve listened as he explained what had happened, feeling anger roll through him. Whoever the hell this person was that had tried something, they better hope Steve didn’t get ahold of him.
“Boss bought them a while ago,” Friday helpfully supplied.
Pleased Tony settled beside the tub grabbing a luffa and tenderly washing his lover clean.
Navigating Bourbon Street they were just thinking about lunch when Wanda spotted something that made her freeze.
“If he ever wants to retire from being Captain America he can be a party planner,” Anthony muttered. He was right the James’s has gone all out on this, Steve didn’t even know what an engagement party was until Buck had told him he was going to it.
Sighing she turned, ready to head out again when the air before her shimmered and crackled, glowing a faint yellow before swirling and opening to reveal Strange, the Winter Soldier, and the Spider Kid.
Steve felt his lips twitch leaning down to whisper in his fiancée’s ear, “I bet you he’ll cry again.”
“Don’t think I will,” Steve teased seconds before he swallowed Anthony’s indigent snort, kissing his husband thoroughly. He had no doubt his husband would pester him about it, his brilliant mind demanding answers, for now though…for now, he'd hold onto those memories, of a sweet smile, and protective arms holding him close.
Steve adjusted them pulling the blanket it up and cradling him close, “Sleep.”
“Yeah,” he rumbled even as he felt Anthony breaths even out, the genius slipping into sleep again.
“No,” he rasped simply into the microphones. They looked expectantly, but he didn’t elaborate.
Steve was on a mission.
“You with us skinny?”
“What are you doing here?” he rasped, looking the kitten over. It was malnourished, he could feel the fragile bones through the matted black fur. Gently using his real hand, he felt along the kitten's limb checking for breaks or injuries, only to realize the cat was missing it's front left leg.
Shaking his head in amusement he returned his focus to the Steve, the big man looked weary, “Come, rest, eat.”
Steve gave a sharp nod before disappearing,  Peter followed with a wave.
Steve nodded picking up the files and striding towards the door, eager to get moving.
Peter winced turning to the man, “I’m so sorry,” he began but the big man didn’t seem bothered.
“Hey Cap, I wanted to introduce you to Steve.”
Just then a waiter appeared, “Gentlemen will it be chicken or fish this evening?”
“My hour up?" he asked curiously, he’d promised Steve he was only going to do an hour work before joining him and the others for a movie. He’d been planning to take off with Steve to bed right after dinner, but Clint and Natasha had come home just after they got back, followed soon after by Rhodey who’d been curious about the lizards.
His fiancée grinned at him, and Steve felt his lip twitch, he liked that, his fiancée.
Tony nodded, it was impossible not to, not with Steve.
Lang winced before turning back to him, “We’re coming,” he said sheepishly.
He froze blinking in surprise, he knew that deep hoarse voice, “Mr. Rogers?”
Bucky chuckled, “A Christmas miracle.”
Steve looked at him, blue eyes intent, he offered him a snarl smile of sorts, “Yeah?”
He couldn’t help it, he was laughing, vocal cords rasping as he wheezed, he could feel Anthony laughing against him, giddy and breathless until they stilled pressed together in their wide bed humming pleasantly from the closeness.
Steve was still frowning furiously, “Of course love.”
The Spider Kid was out of the portal then, squatting as the little balls of fuzz chirped and vibrated vying for his attention.
Peter blinked, that was not what he’d expected him to say, “My help?”
-#-#-#-
Anthony stumbled landing in front of him, helmet peeling back to reveal dark eyes crinkled in mirth, “I umm….where’d you get the shorts, dear?"
“Anthony?” His husky broken rasp was a gut punch.
Steve’s hands returned to rubbing his back lovingly,  “I woke up, five foot nothing, ninety-five pounds having an asthma attack.”
"Thanks, Pep," he hung up, giving in to the compulsion as Steve cocked a curious head, “They changed their minds.”
“Lunch?” Anthony asked linking their arms together as they headed out of SI and into the street. Steve grunted, he was always up for lunch. Chuckling Anthony steered them away from the building.
Anthony sighed then, kissing him on his nose, “I know you don’t remember, but Christmas is…it’s the best. Getting together with everyone you love, having a tree to sit around, eggnog and Christmas classics on TV…skating…”
“Spent all morning on the phone with the James’s.”
“They’re using ‘#stony’ and ‘#winteriron’ a whole lot of people ship you guys.”
Steve nodded, “Yes please Fri.”
Tony was around the booth, helping him, capable hands handing him the inhaler as he spoke in soft tones. Steve inhaled, chest easing and embarrassment rising, he’d be lucky if Tony didn’t walk out on him.
“Me too!”
Steve grunted narrowing his eyes, “Costume?”
Tony chuckled, “Captain America wedding planner, who knew?”
“I’m here, its ok, going to get you out,” he murmured moving behind him Steve could feel metal fingers cool against his own, and suddenly he was free. Limbs trembling he brought his hands around, rubbing softly at his wrists.
Steve took out one of the odd, darkly winged creatures with a well-placed shot. Only half-listening to the archer complaints.
“Come on Peter,” he rasped, the kid regretfully disentangling himself as they headed back to the portal.
“I mean I know he’s super busy, but I may be told some people he was coming…I mean I know they don't believe me, but I guess I just sort of hoping…" he trailed off and Steve felt a twinge in his chest, a faint memory skittering across his mind; a young bullied blonde kid.
“You missed out man,” Sam shook his head, a fond grin stretching his face.
Carefully he saved the picture, maybe social media wasn’t all that bad.
Opening his phone to message Steve he saw the notification from Twitter, and his eyebrows raised. With Steve’s recent rise to social media stardom, he'd made more of an effort to keep tabs on the current goings-on. As much as he blustered about it, he was happy to see Steve getting so much positive attention. He wanted the world to see Steve the way he did. Not some faceless failed Hydra experiment, but as a man, genuine, caring compassionate…
Tony agreed wholeheartedly as he added one of each colour to his shopping basket.
Worried now he got up to go to her wiping greasy hands on a rag as he went, “What’s wrong Pep?”
Tony nodded, holding his hand as they stood quietly before the piece, around them the brightly lit gallery faded away and it was just them.
The fuzz on the line hummed in his ear before suddenly the line went dead and the call dropped.
Steve waved a hand exasperated, “Can we stop talking about Buck's sex life, and get back to talking about what I would like to do to you?”
“I don’t know what to do with that,” Sam finally said and Bucky couldn’t agree more.
“What?” he asked looking confused, how would that have broken the internet?
Steve heaved a small sigh, “What happened?”
Steve hummed in agreement, finding Peter and Harley animatedly talking about something, Riri and Kamila twirled about each other in the sand. Rhodes and Carol laughing by the bar, all smiles.
“Now, I think there was a promise made involving me and those shorts…” Steve husky voice sent a thrill down his spine.
In an idiotic idea on behalf of Hydra, they had decided to try and move some rather dangerous weapons across country, undetected. They had thought the best way to go about it was to do it via train.
Steve was frowning again, the word…he should know that word, shouldn’t he?
“Let’s go!”
Tony unable to help but smiled, some of the guilt easing; surely they’d keep each other out of trouble right?
Anthony grinned at him, giving him a wink before he answered a few more questions and the press conference was ending. Moving away from the crowd Steve sighed happy it was over. He knew it’d been a necessity. He couldn’t just purpose to Anthony Stark in front of the press then not say anything about it, but he was still pleased it was over.
Suddenly it wasn’t all that funny anymore, the people had spoken Steve was the hottest thing on two legs, and he….he…. he forced a smile trying to be flippant.
Steve shook his head, “Not this one.”
"So everyone will be at the Compound by tomorrow night?" Buck asked Steve nodded.
He gasped, the familiar pain that flickered across his minds, the pictures so strong and clear…
“He seemed very nice.”
The others laugh as the short little video ended out with a few more pictures of Sam, Bucky, Steve, and Thor, before a final shot of Peter leaning on Steve’s shoulder to take a photo, some kind of filter giving them cat ears.
“‘Boy can bend me with that metal arm anytime’,” Sam was showing his phone to Bucky.
"Yeah.." Lang was still staring at him, and the newcomer was giving him the once over.
He turned away from the severe-looking face in the mirror, he didn’t need to look, he knew what was there. Sighing he slid his thick glasses up his nose before heading for the small kitchenette in his tiny apartment. Absently he turned on the TV, the sound muffled and distant scowling he located his bulky hearing aid tucking it into his ear, the news anchor reading off that morning's top stories coming clear.
Steve shrugged at him, his placid face looking unbothered, “And thanks for helping me live out a little high school fantasy of my own.”
“Never,” Steve said, his voice soft but firm, “I’ll always come back to you.”
“Can hold you all night,” he rasped, pleased when Anthony nuzzled closer.
Steve gazed up at him face as impassive as always but his eyes….there was a feeling of sorrow there that made Tony's breath catch.
Reaching the elevator he jammed the button down, willing away the tears he could feel pushing against his eyes.
"Holy shit it's The Winter Soldier.”
Steve couldn't help the smugness that settled on him, he had done an excellent job on the ring. Anthony had been touched he’d put so much thought into picking it out not just for what it meant but also for its functionality and practicality. He’d had it inscribed on the inside, with ‘remember when’ and when Anthony saw it he'd been close to tears.
His manger snapped and Steve was nodding obediently pushing away his confusion as he met that strangely familiar gaze, dark regarding him in concern.
“On your eight,” the archer returned sounding very much like he was trying to smother a laugh.
He moved to the motorcycle, Tony recognized Buck’s ride, but as Steve threw a leg over it and turned to him Tony couldn’t help but catch his breath; Steve looked a hell of a lot better on that bike then Buck did.
Alone once more Steve suddenly realized that he was on a date…a date he was expected to talk to. He felt panic rise in his chest, he wasn’t good with talking…with being social…with dating…people didn’t like him…he wasn’t anyone special.
Steve was still going, like a wrecking ball he tore through the remaining men.
“No, um…Steve Rogers,” he rasped uncertainly.
"You have him under some sort of spell Steve, he’s asking for you."
Steve took a breath, “Yes.”
Pepper circled another when her phone vibrated on the table, absently she picked up glancing at the message, smiling when she saw it was Jim.
“Ouch.”
Just as he set it down the phone went again, this time the message was from Lang.
Moving briskly towards him he felt his steps falter as he got closer to the familiar figure, Tony had been coming into the pub he worked at for almost a month now and he hadn’t ever seen him in anything other than an extremely nice suit, looking perfectly composed. Today though…he looked, well he looked terrible.
Steve felt his breath hitch, as that sweet tension unwound and he was cumming. Ruined vocal cords rubbing and vibrating as he spilled into Anthony’s mouth and down his throat.
Reluctantly he pushed the covers back throwing skinny pale legs over the side of his bed. Groaning he gained his feet, wincing at the ache in his knees and back, as he stretched his arms over his head. The cold always made him ache.
“Steve, Steve you ok?” Anthony sounded frantic.
Bucky watched dumbly as Spider Kid appeared, half carrying a dazed-looking Natasha.
“Shit,” he murmured quickly stripping off his Kevlar, followed by his smoking undershirt.
“I’m right here love, right here,” he soothed rubbing across his back, coaxing his love gently into wakefulness. Murmuring soft words of love, he pressed a kiss to his face, tasting the faint salty tang. He knew Steve hadn’t moved from the bed today, lost in his head and unable to do the most basic of things. He didn’t have days this bad often, but when he did, Tony’s heart always broke.
He felt them twitch softly against his own, “Remember when you said you’d make it right?”
“Damit!” Sam cursed as they did their best to work them back, but it was soon apparent that they were heavily outnumbered. Bucky grit his teeth, he wasn’t going down without a fight. Charging headlong into the group to draw their fire, he threw his shield again and again.
“You broke Twitter,” Clint finally said with something akin to awe in his voice.
“Anthony,” the familiar soothing rasp answered, somewhat tinny and crackling over the line.
“Steve!” he could hear Anthony in his ear seconds before it was drowned out by the cascade of brick and mortar.
Steve looked up from his cereal and Stark pad cautiously curious, “Yes Friday?” he inquired politely, voice a little rougher than normal that morning. He hadn’t slept well despite the warm press of Anthony at his side; his dreams full of death and destruction.
“No it’s not ok Steve, and you did not overact. They were complete assholes, I should throw them all out of the Tower. They should have kept their fucking mouths shut.”
“Steve?”
Tony wanted to tell him that no, he was not ok. He felt like absolute garbage, he was hot and cold, his throat was killing him, his head was screaming, and he trying very hard not to throw up in his suit.
Anthony looked amused, “ ‘#bffgoals’,” he explained. Steve understood what that meant, he nodded, fair enough. "They're commending you on being so supportive of Buck, accepting, and how hard they ship Cap and Falcon."
“ ‘Boy is thic’,” Clint read.
“I’ll catch up,” he growled to the others.
“Oh dear,” he murmured.
Alone Steve slowly stood on wobbly legs, his fingers felt thick and clumsy as he undid his jeans, trying to ignore the painful red abrasions on his wrists. Stripping down he carefully stepped into the tub sinking down into the giant bath. Settling aching limbs he gave a quiet moan as the heat began to seep back into him. Leaning back he closed his eyes, it felt like heaven.
“Ok Peter, what’s the message?”
“Anthony,” he replied, feeling some of the anxious energy bleeding from his shoulders.
Suddenly he was standing alone admits a pile of bodies. Blinking numbly he glanced around, shield coming up on instinct when a big figure materialized out of the black.
Steve quirked a brow at him, but Anthony had shifted focus, moving to lick him from root to tip without preamble. He growled low in his throat as Anthony began to work him so perfectly. Carefully he tangled his real hand in dark hair, cupping the back of his head gently as Anthony messily blew him.
“Oh, my god,” he heard Clint comment, the archer was at their back making sure no one came at them from behind as they cleared the cars forward.
“Steve, love,’ he made a show of butting into the group standing before his fiancé, “You have to come with me for a moment, there is someone you must meet.”
“Dr. Banner!”
"Well I guess we're done here," Bucky to was grinning his cheeks still red.
Approaching his lover, he noted the man looked uncomfortable, not that anyone else would notice but Tony did.
“Why?” Strange asked after a beat of silence.
Anthony’s sweet laughter was music to his ears.
He was about to reply when the ping of a notification irrupted.
Surprised he glanced at the big blonde, eyebrows raising as he nodded in agreement, “I know you are from a different time, but a simple phone call…”
He certainly knew he’d never been to anything like this before, the music thumped in his chest, the lights low as the kids danced together. Although he wouldn’t call it dancing per se …but he guessed it was what passed for dancing these days.
Wanda stared at him, wondering if he was joking, Steve did seem to have a truly warped sense of humour by times.
A blonde head nodded, and Peter excitedly lead him into the dimly lit, music-filled room, already guessing that Ned has told pretty much every person there that the Winter Soldier had come.
That deep husky rasp sent a sweet thrill down his spine, and the nerd in him wanted to melt into a pile a goo. The sci-fi nerd in him wanted that metal arm around him, while his apparently nostalgic longing wanted the bad boy in a leather jacket to take him home after the high school dance. Goddamn the man, Tony wasn’t sure which fantasy he wanted to live out at the moment.
The big man nodded before he disappeared followed by a cheerfully waving Parker.
He hung up and Steve shrugged adding ‘costume’ to the message on the wall, hoping he would be able to remember to relay the message.
“Abandoned warehouse outside the city, not overly creative.”
Nodding he yawned and stretched sliding out of the car with a brief thank you to the driver. Shivering against the cold he paused a moment glancing upwards; it was snowing. Smiling softly he shook his head following Pepper inside.
“Merry Christmas,” Steve rasped, and Tony was sobbing all over again.
Steve shrugged, “They offered ten thousand for it.”
Steve returned the kiss with a little lip twitch, returning the smile.
Tony rolled his eyes, "Steve that's Clint, the terrifying-looking woman beside him in Natasha, and the confused looking man in the corner is Bruce.”
Unconsciously he looked down at himself, still a little surprised to see his thick arms and legs, his muscular torso, and broad chest, not the spindly limbs and taut skin. His metal arm caught in the lights and he turned it over looking at it.
Clean Tony grabbed the oversized towel holding it out as Steve carefully stood, resting his one arm on Tony’s shoulder for balance. Tony wrapping the towel around him, he dried the big frame, whispering soft words of love and support as he got him in fresh clothes.
He needed to…well he wasn’t sure what he should do.
“I’m coming, I’ll be right there hold tight.”
Tony moaned low and long, “Oh God….”
And then he wasn’t.
It was clear things were not quite going the way they had planned.
“Have to take your word for it Pep,” he said crossing his arms.
“And me,” he clarified, “A different you and me.”
Surprised he finally noticed the other, a young man looking him with a wide eager smile. Bruce returned the smile sticking his hand for the youth to shake eagerly, “My name Peter Parker, you're in my textbook."
“Mr. Stark, Mr. Rogers…. thank you so much for coming,” he looked at them wide-eyed, Tony couldn’t help but return the smile.
Grunting he pulled himself into wakefulness enjoying the attention, bringing his hands up to catch his lovers, he turned his head, capturing those teasing lips for a more heated kiss. Fuzzy memories from the night before leaked in, he remembered the party, Anthony had been so happy…then…
It was hard to explain even to himself, let alone to explain it to someone else. The thoughts skittered around in his head as Steve kissed his way determinedly down his neck, hand slipping up his shirt gentle caresses sweet and tender. Yet Tony had to fight the compulsion to back away and put some distance between them. He loved Steve, with his heart, loved having sex with him, really loved it, and he knew Steve was initiating; but he just didn’t feel it.
“Could just wear your uniform Sarg,” the AI pointed out helpfully.
They planned to walk down the aisle together, partners in life.
Steve made a soft noise of understanding, “Sorry, was showering.”
He hit the ground with a thud rolling a little as the wind was knocked from him. Grunting he slowly sat upright as the train disappearing down the track.
“Well let’s try to wrap this up quick,” Cap grunted and Tony managed a small chuckle.
Steve shivered, he wanted…god he wanted…and Tony was offering, “Please.”
He sat up again with a look of conviction on his face, “Fri, cancel the plane tomorrow,  and the reservations. While you’re at it send out invites to everyone for Christmas Eve, make it fun and festive.”
“I am Groot.”
"Thank you, Ms. Potts, I'll see you, Christmas Eve?"
Steve paused just out of sight, the words carrying in from the living room.
“I am Groot?”
“Damn it Rocket wait for the signal!” Quill shouted firing anyway.
“Steve?”
Steve snorted in disbelief, he laboured under no delusions, he was five nothing, hundred pounds soaking wet, his glasses were thick as coke bottles, his hearing aid was bulky, and that didn't even begin to touch on the laundry list of ailments that plagued him.
“I saw the press conference,” Steve said softly.
Anthony turned to him looking fond, “Come on hot stuff we don’t want to be late to the party.”
Curious he set aside the final page before heading back over.
Steve blinked, coming back through the weird miasma that had settled on his mind, realizing belatedly they were on some sort of plane?
“I am now,” he assured his lover, knowing he meant the words.
“What does he see in you, Rogers?"
Grunting he gave them a nod turning to go when a tentative voice stopped him, “Ummm…Sir, Sargent Rogers,” he paused glancing over his shoulder at the who’d women. His identity wasn’t a secret, his trial following the Accords as well as his very public relationship with Anthony Stark had seen to that.
Anthony’s smile was fond, “What were you thinking about love?”
Sam chuckled playing the video for Buck.
Tony returned it as he settled back closing his eyes, the jet lag was creeping in as he dozed lightly not really realizing how much time had passed until Pep was gently waking him.
Fury looked taken aback for a moment before he snorted in soft laughter, shaking his head he pulled a stack of files from his desk tossing them across his desk.
Peter would deny to his dying day the tripped on his way back into his room to pack a bag.
“No I don’t, Steve you went around the world for me… you went to space! And I….I did…”
Parking the bike back in the garage at the compound he let Anthony slide off before he killed the engine and popped the kickstand down. He was barely off the bike, when Anthony was immediately in his space pressing close, hands moving across his hips towards his ass, sliding smoothly across the leather. Steve hummed, ruined vocal cords vibrating as Anthony pressed a kiss to the hollow of his throat.
Anthony grinned at him warmly and genuine, “You’re such a softie.”
“I’m so sorry, I’ll-” she trailed off frantically tapping the phone.
“Here boss,” Happy called from the front, and Tony pocketed his phone as he shuffled out of the car. Eager to see his boyfriend, and apparently, their new cat.
He nodded exhaling shakily, Tony smiled at him settling closer in the booth. Steve looked down at his inhaler cheeks heating.
Sam chuckled, leaning back in his chair looking thoroughly impressed, “All this to get everyone together for Tony’s party?”
Steve nodded, he couldn’t help the smile that crossed his face, it really had been a perfect day. Anthony was kissing him again, hands pulling him close as the party continued on around them, for once no one giving them grief about making out in public.
T’Challa wasn’t disappointed.
“Everything ok?”
Anthony didn’t leave his side for a minute, constantly keeping a hand on him, holding on as if Steve he would disappear the moment he let go. It broke Steve’s heart. He’d felt so utterly helpless when Tony had sobbed so brokenly in his arms.
Steve nodded in agreement, “Thank you for everything Buck.”
“Having a good time?” Anthony breathed grinning up at him.
“Winter Soldier’s would be worse,” he teased back.
It had been about that time that Steve’s stomach had reminded him that he hadn't eaten any solid foods in over a month. Anthony ordered all his favourites, while they'd all moved to the kitchen where dinner had taken on a more of the celebratory atmosphere.
Tony clicked the ‘book now’ button with finality, “There…now presents.”
Bucky swung his shield again sending the goon off the side of the train, as he turned to help Sam. He was beginning to think this whole thing had been a trap, there seemed to be way too many people on this damn train.
Tony dutifully studied the canvas as well; it looked like a mash of colours and lines.
Adjusting his grip, he used his metal left arm to hold him as he used his right to guide himself inside Anthony’s tight heat. The man in his arms made a long low moan as he eased the other down using gravity to help. Steve clenched his jaw to keep from thrusting into him, barely holding on.
-#-#-#-
“Safe,” he echoed
Still, he wanted to marry Anthony, more than anything he wanted to make it official to the world. He loved him, Steve honestly couldn’t imagine not having the man in his life. He wanted desperately to get him a ring, perhaps it was something to do with his old-fashioned sensibilities. Only the more he learned about rings the less he thought a traditional wedding ring would be practical. Anthony was an engineer, he worked with his hands constantly, around dangerous machines. Machines that could pinch rings to fingers, he learned about ring avulsion and had been horrified at the idea. Just last week Anthony had broken several fingers during a fight and he’d had to pry the metal gauntlet off.
-#-#-#-
“Yes, yes, yes…”  Anthony chanted, “Fuck yes, so good…you’re so good…”
Anthony groaned, looking up at him again eyes blown wide, “No underwear again.”
"Oh my…" Sam spotted him first before he was howling with laughter.
“Right, is he looking for Anthony?”
The big man pulled his mask down nodding, “Da.”
Ah, that’s what this was about.
The pain ripped through him again and he faded into unconsciousness.
Peter watched as he nodded sharply, and Peter finally made the connection to his outfit, “Oh my God! You’re
“Mr. Parker called earlier this week to remind you, Sargent Rogers was the only one available at the time. He did make a note of it on the board in the kitchen.”
Panting Anthony stopped bracing his arms on Steve’s chest, Steve lifted his right hand to his face, meeting dark eyes. With a moan, Tony levered himself off his fingers before he was reaching across the bed returning with the tube of lube. Steve moved to grab it but was one more pushed away, Anthony slathering it on him quickly. His breath still panting out, movements frantic and rushed.
Tony held on for dear life, “Though you were sleeping,” he laughed giving Steve’s backside a teasing smack.
A small soft alarm alerted him that Buck was looking for him for a run. His body felt heavy today though, his mind fuzzy and scattered. He didn’t want to run.
“I love you,” Anthony said then, the words tumbling with emotion, “I love you so much, and I don’t deserve you at all.”
“I thought you would have left by now,” she said following him towards his office.
Anthony snorted trying to mask it with a cough, both of them dutifully raising their glasses as the crowd echoed the toast. Steve sipped his drink as Anthony nudged him in the ribs, "Be nice Buck went to a lot of trouble to plan this.”
Tony snorted, “Asshole kid tried to jump me in the change room yesterday.”
He glanced around the gym curiously, it had been a long, long, while since he’d been in high school. Not that he could remember any of it, but he had the vaguest recollections that it perhaps had not been a pleasant experience.
Steve nodded sharply to the kid before turning back to Buck, “Time to go, questions later.”
Giving her a small salute he grabbed up his rifle and hurried off down the street trying to locate the others. It wasn’t hard, he just followed the trail of destruction, they’d lead the lizards away from the populace towards the warehouses by the water. Steve arriving just in time to see his Anthony subdue the last with a solid blast to the chest.
"Thank you, ma'am," he rasped to his Aunt before turning his attention to him. Peter waved his Aunt away as she turned him mouthing 'wow' before returning to her packing.
“Really?”
-#-#-#-
“Buck! Have you see Steve today?” he tried to keep the concern from his voice, but he felt it seeping in around the edges.
Steve nodded watching as Tony left heaving a small sigh he gave himself a quick wash before he was grabbing the towel and stepping out of the tub. Slowly he dried himself, trying not to look at his own gaunt frame.
He turned his attention back to the papers before him, trying not to be hurt. Steve wasn’t a big texter, he knew that. But if Tony was away without him he did try, only his phone had been eerily silent.
“Did you hear me?”
Steve thought perhaps he saw a flash of hope in those dark eyes and he was nodding as he smiled at him, sweet, and charming.
Steve looked up at him and Tony knew he was seeing him. He smiled down into the sweet face, he looked more like himself.
Strange nodded, unable to help himself, “So you were successful then?”
Sighing Steve detoured into the park as he continued to work through the problem in his mind. It was quiet in the park as he wandered hands buried in his coat pockets. There weren’t many others out on the blustery November day, and Steve paused a moment to enjoy it. Just as fluffy white flakes began to fall. He eyed the snow with resignation, why couldn’t they just go south? Maybe he could convince the team they should just set up operations on the West Coast during winter.
“Yes, what on Earth is he doing here?”
The noise hit him like a wall, Tony gently guiding him into a large entertainment room. Steve had only ever been to Tony's penthouse, he'd never been to the areas with the others. It was oddly jarring to see the fabled Avengers sitting around looking…so regular.
Tony nodded leading him towards the door, Steve tried to follow lifting stumbling legs, only they refused to cooperate, his knees giving out. Sure he was about to hit the floor he found himself lifted into strong metal arms. He wanted to protest but Tony was already moving them out of the room.
Sighing Tony rolled his eyes, “Fri where’s Steve?”
Steve hadn’t even noticed the movie had ended, the others were quietly giving him well wishes as they departed for bed. He nodded to them before he carefully gathered his husband close carrying him to bed, tenderly tucking him in and brushing dark hair back lovingly. Pressing a kiss to his brow he felt his lips twitch as he gave a small huff wiggling deeper into the bed breath evening out.
“No sweetheart,” he rasped capturing his wandering hands.
Steve was silent a moment as he thought, expertly clearing out six more of the ugly invading aliens.
Luckily the Colonel was laughing as well still shaking his head, “No one would dare deny the Winter Soldier.”
Steve flushed, turning his head embarrassed, “I’m not,” he mumbled.
Tony froze mid-step, coffee cup tumbling from nerveless fingers as he stared in disbelief at the man on the bed, bright blue eyes blinking at him sluggishly.
Steve was beginning to regret his impetuous decision to come.
Steve huffed, “He conferenced in Rhodey as well, the poor guy was in the middle of some secret debrief. Buck is tenacious though.”
“I am Groot.”
“Come on Italy, full of history, wine, romance…” Rhodey trailed off as the others started talking over each other offering their opinions of where they should go.
Tony groaned covering his eyes and leaning back, he looked back at the picture again feeling as if his heart might explode.
He opened tired eyes, squinting across the bathroom towards the door, “Tony,” he breathed.
“Gorgeous,” he mumbled kissing his collar bone, gently worrying it.
Anthony hummed as he smoothed his hands over his shoulders, Steve butted his forehead affectionally, “Presentable?”
He’d just been so happy someone had been paying attention to him. Tony had made him think…for a moment that maybe…maybe he wasn’t completely hopeless.
Bucky leaned over Sam’s shoulder, “What’s Twitter again?” he whispered.
Steve glanced over the dark head of his friend to Anthony, the other man giving him a soft smile.
Peter sighed heavily, “Alright, so where do we start?”
He just managed to tuck his legs as his unplanned flight took him right through a Starbucks storefront. Glass shattering, he skidding through chairs and tables before coming to rest against the counter.
An echoing voice in his head crying out.
“Get them whatever they want, it doesn't matter.”
“Steve!” he breathed all but throwing himself at his fiancée, pleased when big arms gathered him close.
-#-#-#-
“Yeah,” he breathed, blinking away the images.
“Nothing to be sorry for love,” Tony reminded him firmly.
Steve carried on towards the bedroom hearing Bucky’s question follow him out, “What does ‘ship’ mean?”
“Everything Ok?”  The man asked setting aside his phone with a concerned look, as Bruce sat back down.
“Fine Sir,” Peter dutifully replied.
“They’re stupid then,” Steve rasped sitting beside him at the table.
“Yeah,” Steve rasped cocking his side to the side as if studying the work.
He grinned at him and Steve stared back through his goggles at the man he loved, "Thank you," he rasped.
“It’s you,” Steve rasped, in that beautifully broken voice of his, “It’s how I see you.”
Steve shrugged, who was he to argue. He wiggled into the leather pants, the material rather snug. His combat boots, black t-shirt, and leather jacket followed. Tugging on his fingerless gloves he often wore when fighting he borrowed a pair of Anthony’s dark sunglasses. Dressed he paused before the mirror, his hair was longer than in the movie, he slicked it back. Look completed he nodded pleased, it actually wasn’t all that far off his own uniform truth be told. He didn’t know what that said about him, that he bore somewhat of a resemblance to a killer robot.
Anthony moaned into his mouth gently pushing at him until he rolled onto his back. Steve went willingly, letting out a pleased huff when Anthony moved to straddle his hips, he vaguely remembered Anthony telling him to strip and get into bed the night before….but then nothing.
Clint answered, “ ‘He can ride me bareback anytime’.”
He’d done all his research, he’d set his mission parameters and now…it was all shot to hell.
“Hello Peter,” Vison offered the kid a smile, “What are you too doing here?”
“They do have a lot of stipulations here,” the man mumbled.
Steve couldn’t help the thrill of heat that raced down his spine.
“Apparently, they just called they are more than ready to get on board.”
Steve knew his lover well enough by now to hear the hurt and sadness he was trying to hide.
Snuggling with Antony on the couch he ignored the movie, for the most part, his focus on the man in his arms, Worry creeping in as the man collapsed into him falling asleep soon after. He looked so pale and fragile…had he slept?
“Steve?”
“Are you ok to get in the bath?”
Tony nodded firing off a reply, of course, he had Laura and the kids, he hadn’t really expected Clint to be free.
He blinked, then blinked again shield falling in shock, “Steve?!”
Steve nodded, "Excellent," standing he disentangled from the god.
“On a mission,” Peter grinned.
Steve leaned against the desk looking down at the man, careful to keep his face impassive, “Currently location of known Assets.”
“Bedroom?” Anthony gasped against his lips, Steve grunted in return adjusting his grip slightly before he was moving towards the elevator.
No doubt they would have gladly talked science the rest of the night, but the DJ was announcing the last few songs and the kids scurried off to find partners. Surprised Tony grinned as he recognized the soft strains of Toto. Chuckling he turned to his boyfriend, finding him leaning casually against the wall behind him, those electric blue eyes hidden by the dark glasses.
Gathering his stuff he headed for the door, he was going to be cutting it really close but if he managed this….well he just wanted to do something nice for the kid.
“Pinned,” he rasped into the com.
Steve shrugged, “Fine, what do I owe ya…for the shorts?”
“Apologies Sarg, he’s in the Sanctum no service.”
Tony couldn’t help it he was laughing then; the amount of time and effort Buck was putting into wedding panning actually made Pepper look like a slacker. It was heartwarming he cared so much for Steve, but only Steve seemed to be able to reign him in. Though it was fairly amusing to watch; he’d already nixed live doves, fireworks, and the week-long bachelor's party, although his James had been put out by that one as well.
“Sergeant Rogers, a pleasure to see you again,” T’Challa greeted the large man with a genuine smile.
Be still his nerdy hear, he let out a breathy giggle, only Steve Rogers could make that sound cool.
Steve shook his head slowly, he heard a faint click beside him, he glanced at Peter out the corner of his eye the kid was holding his phone up cheeks pink, “Sorry,” he muttered. Steve shrugged attention back on Strange.
“Oh! Yeah ok, sure, I just wanted to give him details for Friday night. He said to call when I got all the information.”
Steve leaned down near his ear holding him tight, “Been fighting a long time, might be nice to not.”
“Tony!” Rhodey called spotting him first.
His breath caught as the door was flung open and an imposing figure was entering. Steve squinted at the door jerking harder at his hands, as he struggled to breathe, no, no, no he did not need to have an attack.
Steve nodded, wiping his hands on his apron, unsure what to do now.
Holding the marker awkwardly in his right hand he carefully wrote out what the young teen relayed.
“Fine, it’s fine,” he heard Bucky mumble in reply, but Steve could hear the pain in his voice.
“Will Captain America be there?” The young girl asked breathlessly.
The change of topic had him a little off-balance, he lifted his arms the skin on the raw and chaffed from the cuffs, a small scrape on the inside of each. Tony caught each in a rough palm, before pressing a sweet kiss to each scrape.
“I’ll be fine,” he assured him just as the elevator dinged and they were stepping off.
He stepped aside as two familiar teens stepped inside, Peter gasped, “MJ? Ned?”
“I’m not sure about this,” Pepper circled a clause in the contract, as across from her Tony hummed in agreement.
“You came all the way here for that?”
Steve nodded agreeing, his Anthony was grinning now, that warm soft smile meant only for him.
“You kids have fun,” Bucky grinned at him.
Carefully he moved around the bed, reaching out to rest a soft hand on sweat matted blonde hair.
Steve shrugged, “Only for you.”
Turning he headed out of the room and to the garage, “Let the others know I’m headed out please Fri,” he rasped, pausing to grab Buck’s keys. He was sure Cap wouldn’t mind. Kicking the bike to life he headed out into the night.
“It’s been 70 years Buck,” he chastised, Anthony laughed at that, an absent giggle that did wonderful things to his sore chest.
He blinked, she was looking at him green eyes narrowed in irritation, he nodded slowly as she shook her head before moving away again.
Tony couldn’t help but heave a small sigh of relief, he’d been a little worried when Steve hadn’t answered earlier.
“What? What’s going?” Tony asked.
“Easy for you to say, I’ve never been to a fancy party like this,” Peter muttered.
He looked up as Anthony made a strangled sort of noise, eyes wide cheeks flushed. Steve gave him a look, “Ok so I have a thing…” Anthony didn’t look all that abashed about it.
She tapped back, looking at Tony again, glad he had Steve in his life.
For the first time since he could remember…Tony was completely speechless.
Tony gave him a brittle smile, “Thanks,” he mumbled politely.
“Princess,” he nodded, and T’Challa was sure for a moment there was a softening of his expression.
“It wasn’t a nightmare,” he assured him, “It was about you.”
He waved her off absently, “I totally got this.”
The fight picked up then and the chatter fell by the wayside as they fought on. Steve was still thinking though, mind working through the possibilities. Really, he didn’t care where they went, whatever Anthony wanted was fine with him they could honeymoon in the penthouse of the tower and he’d be happy.
“How are your meetings going?” Bruce inquired curiously.
“You look like you’re in a Western,” Anthony’s amused voice pointed out.
Tony bit his lip, debating with himself for a moment, but he found the question falling from his lips all the same, “Busy?” He cursed himself, god he sounded pathetic.
“What do you think?”
“Steve?”
“I’m not sure she got the memo it was Halloween,” Anthony quipped, “Pretty sure this is just an everyday look.”
The others agreed apparently ready to move on, Steve forced himself to look back at the man embarrassed he hadn’t even served him a drink…
Hips hitching he pressed back wanton, unable to voice his need, the powers of speech seeming beyond him at the moment.
Steve rolled his eyes this time, “What do you want Fury?”
“Of course Sarge,” she replied, seconds before Pepper picked up.
Dinner had turned into a gathering to watch a movie, Strange stopping by to check on him, Steve patiently allowing the man to do what he wanted.
Tony wiped at his eyes again, good god he was a mess tonight.
He sucked in a breath as heat curled in his belly, the hot thrum of lust catching him off guard as he watched Tony Stark hurry out of the bar.
"Sleep when I'm dead," he mumbled, Tony laughing all the way to the bedroom.
T’Challa didn’t doubt it, the man was intimidating as hell.
Curling him closer, he settled the smaller man on his chest as he tugged out his phone, opening his news app he saw the photo immediately. He felt the corners of his mouth twitch up, Anthony was pressed against him asleep, cheeks flushed red with fever as Steve carried him towards the others.
Fury was frowning, “What makes you think I know anything?”
-#-#-#-
“Is there trouble?” Wanda felt herself tense, squeezing Vision’s hand for comfort.
“Yeah, totally fine,” he could hear the forced cheerfulness in his voice; everything was not fine.
He fell hard and fast for the little fluff. Grunting he opened his jacket carefully tucking the kitten inside to warm up.
Tony felt his mouth drop open, “What on earth…” he trailed off brow furrowing in confusion. “Friday why would Steve go to Midtown High-“ he cut off as a half-remembered memory surfaced.
“Yeah, he is a weird guy, come all this way for a party invite.”
“Yes thank you,” the man replied.
Sam was off again doubled over laughing Bucky finally giving in and laughing as well. Anthony wrapped his metal arms around him grinning for all he was worth, “Come on boy toy, I’ll take you for dinner and then I’ll take those shorts off with my teeth.”
She sighed, “I’m worried about you being all on your own, you shouldn’t be alone on Christmas…”
Tony glanced around the room one more time, “Negative.”
Returning to the bathroom he found the blonde where he left him, “Better?” Tony asked softly.
A picture appeared on the screen next to Anthony, it was two pictures the first showing the nudge he'd given Sam into Bucky, and the second showing him grinning over his shoulder at the pair.
“Yes,” Steve answered, and Tony made a soft sound of understanding, May must have called over asking if he’d keep Peter company.
Steve hummed as he felt strong hands gently messaging his scalp. It was tempting, really tempting…but it was important to Tony, he’d been eager to have him meet his friends.
“Steve,” the man corrected gently.
“Alright love?” He hadn’t even heard Steve approach, but the big man was before him and he just wanted to collapse into him. With a quiet moan, he leaned his metal head against a metal shoulder with a small thunk.
“Stevie and I used to do go the dance halls, punk has two left feet,” Buck spoke up grinning.
“Love you too sweetheart,” he returned before they hung up.
“Bringing him back to your room.”
Tony leaned forward, “Really? All those youngins keeping us on our toes.”
“Fine, coming,” he growled.
Steve pulled the trigger one last time, watching satisfied as the alien stalled out before plummeting to the ground. Relaxing his finger off the trigged he grunted a “Clear,” over the com’s listening to the echo from Bucky, Sam, Natasha, and the booming, jovial voice of Thor.
There was a pause, “Peter and I are out.”
His doziness vanished, “Steve, is Steve ok?” he hurried to the far end of the workshop and the screens.
As they watched the small video play out the photos went from mostly selfies of Peter and a frowning Steve to Steve actually posing in a few. The pictures faded into a video of the pair again, Tony immediately recognizing the interior of the Quinjet as well as the song blaring.
“Heya Pep,” he said with an absent wave, he had a lot to do in five days if he was going to get this Christmas party together.
“I can only imagine.”
He was trying though, listening intently to what others were saying about the pieces, doing his best to see it through their eyes to be able to appreciate it properly. Only where they saw a ‘bold statement about the current state of the economy’ he saw where CC their cat had spilled paint and stomped through it across the canvas.
As he watched a rather attractive dark-haired man chatted to the manager briefly before she was leading them in all smiles and flushed cheeks. Steve frowned as the group settled the bar, unsure what was going on.
Tony frowned but nodded, “Course, Big Man take your time.”
Heaving a shuddering breath he was finally able to pull back a little to look into those beloved blue eyes, hands still curled tight as if Steve would drift away from him once more.
Tony groaned softly pressing a kiss to collar bone, “Going to be the death of me.”
"Not anything to write home about," he assured him remembering the constant ache in his limb and chest, the struggle to breathe, the chunky glasses and bulky hearing aid.  He moved his hand to rub at his ear without thinking.
It wasn’t how Steve had planned it, both in their suits post-battle, as their friends cheered and catcalled, and the press watched on. It didn’t matter though, what matted is he’d said yes.
Tony called back his helmet as he approached the group, noting it was mostly kids now. Despite the ruin around them, they were looking at the three with wide awe-filled eyes yelling questions and jostling each other trying to talk to Cap and Falcon.
Steve nodded sagely, “Must have been.”
Tony nodded firmly, “Yeah.”
After all, it wasn't every day you asked your boyfriend to marry you.
Pep nodded, “Absolutely, I have a friend with a gallery, she loves to showcase up and coming artists.”
“How was your day?” His boyfriend asked dark eyes soft, crinkling around the corners in happiness and Steve wanted nothing more than to kiss him. He looked good, the picture of a businessman at the end of a long day and Steve wished he could be there with him. Wished he was in that hotel room waiting for him… maybe Anthony picking him up in a hotel bar taking him to his room.
He shook his head teeth grinding as he thanked Friday heading for their bedroom, he’d get a shower in before Anthony got home.
Bucky wincing, face scrunched in pain, dark locks sweaty and tousled over his dirt-smudged face.
Amused he looked up at his fiancé feeling marginally better, Steve returned the smile a small lifting of his lips. “Feeling better?” he rasped.
“Yes, but you earned it…so amazing,” he murmured.
“Mr. Stark, were you surprised?”
“What?” Sam grunted as he punched one square in the mouth.
The clean-up had started, thankfully the damage minimal, the women had appeared on the outskirts of Salem Mass; even he’d found that rather cliché. Emergency crews were arriving and Bucky was calling them in, rounding them up; mission completed.
Tony groaned, “That’s right, totally forgot. It’s fine Pep, I can plan a party, I can totally do that.”
Anthony turned to him, laughing bright and clear, Steve feeling a warmth suffuse in his chest. He loved to make Anthony laugh, “Nice one love,” he stepped closer pecking a quick kiss to his cheek before he was moving back.
Buck was frowning at him but Steve shook his head slightly.
Steve blinked again, trying to bring his hand up to rub at his face only his limbs wouldn’t cooperate. Frowning, his still hazy mind took a moment to register the reason. He shifted again feeling the clink on handcuffs around his wrists.
Steve nodded and Bruce thought perhaps for a moment he saw his severe expression soften a bit.
Steve cocked an eyebrow at him, Tony grinned, “For real, what nerd wouldn’t want to get it on with the Terminator?”
Steve arched a brow at him, oddly charmed as his cheeks burned red and he ducked his head.
Bruce let out an impressed whistle, no wonder Tony hadn’t heard from Steve the man must not have slept if he’d managed to get in touch with everyone.
“Sorry, I had one last stop to make.”
He must have made some sort of noise because those dark chocolate eyes were looking at him all sex and sultry, lips stretched over his girth. Steve puffed for breath, hands going back to gently card through the dark hair, and across strong shoulders. Steve split his attention between Anthony’s fingers and his mouth, unable to help but lean forward smoothing his right down the slope of his spine.
Buck was nodding turning to Sam to explain when Tony leaned back looking up at Steve, “I didn’t tell you last night, but that was a sweet thing you did for the kid, thank you.”
Steve sifted bringing his right side closer, so he could hear better, “Sorry?”
She was standing in the middle of the workshop staring at Steve’s little art alcove.
Tony caught his breath, Steve was looking at it, those blue eyes beautiful and full of love. He didn’t know much about art, but that…that he understood.
“No ma’am just a social call.”
He opened his mouth, to say what he wasn’t sure, but Steve gently shushed him and Tony snapped his mouth closed, warm fingers were closing his eyes before he felt Steve slide his fingers against his head and begin to slowly massage his scalp.
The kid nodded waving to them as the pair disappeared back into the trees just as mysteriously as they’d arrived. Rocket shook his head as he watched them go, Quill was telling the others more about ‘Christmas’.
“God your beautiful, all this smooth creamy skin…”
Tony tried to keep a lid on his anger, but it simmered just under his skin. He knew Pepper meant well, she was just looking out for him, for the company; it wasn't personal. Well, it was, but it wasn't petty personal…it was just business.
Tony was very proud of his husband to be, he just felt terrible that he didn’t really understand his art.
“Steve,” he mumbled going back to his self-inflicted torture.
Tony stormed into the compound making for his workshop, in no mood to talk to the others. Angry he stripped out of his suit jacket, rolling up his sleeves, muttering to himself the whole time.
“I’m here,” Steve reassured him, voice soft and filling the space between them.
“I’m sorry, it’s my fault, they kidnapped you to get to me.”
Tony was worried.
His night was like any other, as he focused on his work, his arm still bothered him but he did his best to ignore it, focusing on making sure he understood the orders. The noise of the bar played hell with his hearing aid and he was often forced to read the lips of the patrons.
“Ok, it’s ok,” Tony had him up again, “It’s stopped bleeding, but a pretty wicked bump.”
Feeling his lips twitch he looked down at his right hand, the matching silicone band on his fourth finger. It wasn’t traditional, but he wasn’t going to wear a wedding band on his metal arm. Cheers rang out then and he looked up, glasses clinking as the guests called for a kiss.
Tony couldn’t stop staring, Steve’s shirt was beyond indecent the damn this was skin tight and boarding on see-through. His fiancée was giving him that smirk again. Tony scanned the room feeling a little possessive and jealous at the hungry eyes that were following his fiancée.
Tony smiled wider pulling him close as the elevator doors closed, pressing a kiss to his lips.
He kissed dark hair grunting, “What?”
Steve shivered at the rasp of his beard against his own sensitive skin as he teased first one leg then the other. Steve biting his lips he tried to keep from moaning, Tony was moving closer, his erection heavy between his legs.
He cleared his throat trying to be causal, “Yeah, just excuse me a moment?”
Moving to join Anthony on the bed Steve realized he was still in his combat books, grunting in frustration, he sat on the edge of the bed instead, unlacing and tugging off his boots and socks. He felt warm skin pressed up against his back, as hot lips pressed wet kisses to his shoulders. He paused leaning back into the contact, enjoying rough hands as they moved across his chest and back, wishing for a moment he didn’t have so many scars…he didn’t have much feeling in the raised flesh and he loved to feel Anthony’s hands on him.
“What’d he do this time?” Sam asked curious, arms around Bucky.
Peter froze mid-chew, but Sergeant Rogers seemed unconcerned, “Chicken’s dry,” he commented completely unphased.
He was already designing a new and improved arm in his head, something with all the bells and whistles. He was sure he could also make it lighter, more efficient, better motor control. The media was already descending, and people were slowly coming out from where they’d been hiding. They always tried to take the fight away from the populace, but they didn’t choose where their villains decided to implement their plans. They always tried to stay though and help out where they could.
“Anthony,” Steve rasped, and it was the sweetest words he’d ever heard.
"White Russian," the red-headed women ordered face impassive.
Still chuckling Anthony was nuzzling into him again with a contented sigh, a comfortable quiet as Steve idly ran his hands up and down the muscled back on his lover, waiting.
Tony blinked up at him confused, hadn’t Steve wanted?
It wasn't quite sleeping, it was hazy in between where his mind was blessedly blank and the nightmares couldn’t touch him. Vaguely he felt Anthony shift out of his grip, soft lips press to his cheek before his mind drifted out again.
“So you came to invite me to a party for Tony?” the Colonel sounded fondly exasperated and Peter relaxed a little, maybe they wouldn’t get into too much trouble.
Beside him, Tony hummed pressing a kiss to the side of his head as he fiddled with his Stark Pad.
Tony could only stare at the screen, beside him his phone was pinging with a message again, and his computer blipped with several more emails.
He hadn’t realized how cold he was until Tony was wrapping a blanket around him, “It’s ok we’ll be back soon.”
“Hi I’m Peter Parker, I met you at the airport…”
“You ok Buck?” he heard Sam over the link drawing him from his thoughts.
Blinking he looked down at his phone, chest tight;  Where was Steve?
“We haven’t really got the full story though,” Bruce noted amused, Tony hummed in agreement, that was true he was dying to hear it from Steve and Peter. Glancing around he frowned where had they gone?
Steve felt his lips pull, “Roleplay?”
-#-#-#-
Feeling a little dazed he turned his head into Tony’s neck huffing breathlessly, Tony reached for his hand tangling their fingers as he brought his hand against the taut skin of his lower abdomen pressing against the bulge in the flat skin. Unsure what he was feeling for a heartbeat, Tony shifted pressing harder and he knew.
Tony shut his laptop reaching for his phone, pulling up Steve’s number he nervously waited as it rang twice before a familiar voice answered.
“There’s a lot of tweets about people offering to be ridden by Steve,” Clint chucked as he scrolled through the feed.
Steve nodded before he glanced the teen who was now on the ground laughing as the little furry things climbed all over him.
Steve was making small distressed sounds, Tony hurried to sooth them away again. Letting Steve hold him with his real arm until blue eyes began to lose some of their dullness.
A long thoughtful pause fell, Anthony shifted against him, rolling onto his chest so he could look him in the eye, “Explain.”
Dark eyes grinned at him before Tony was kissing the breath right out of him.
“Steve, honey can you hear me?”
Steve felt his lips twitch as he crouched carefully jumping from one train car to the next. For once Bucky didn’t give them trouble for chatting over the comm.
Steve looked up at him, his face was fuzzy, distorted, overlapping. More pictures where flashing through his head painfully. Tony and him together…..a life lived…
Plastering a smile on his face he turned, holding his hands up. “Please, we are still trying to-“ he was cut off as the surged forward yelling over each other to be heard.
They hurried in, “I am like dying right now, the Winter Solider showed up at our cabin!” Tony heard Ned hiss at his friend as they hugged.
“Shit Steve,” Tony’s other hand tightened on his hip as he thrust up Steve meeting the movements, as he panted, throwing his head back he drove himself on Tony again and again. Stars blinking behind his eyes, it felt so goddamn good. He reached back burring his hands in dark hair as Tony panted brokenly in his ear.
A real honest to god horse. And he looked very much like he knew what he was doing.
“What can I do for you?” Wong asked curiously.
“Stevie we’re watching movies if you want to join, apparently, they are Halloween ones.” Bucky appeared around the corner smiling at him brightly, before grabbing bag chips and disappearing back the way he’d come.
“Steve broke the internet again,” the man explained.
He stood then, feet on autopilot as he left the others still reading off Tweets as he retreated to his workshop. Dejectedly he sat at the work table running a hand through dark hair, this shouldn’t be bothering him, he was grown man he was secure in who he was…he knew Steve loved him.
“Friday pause and pull up the news," he insisted, the room erupting in an argument. He shushed them as Friday replayed the story, complete with picture and hashtag. The room was utterly silent all eyes turning to Steve who seemed unconcerned by the whole thing.
“Affirmative, everyone cancelled.”
Steve carefully placed the chicken soup on the tray, Bucky had told him the recipe claiming his mom had often made it for him. He swore it was a cure-all and Steve hoped Anthony would be able to keep it down.
“When where you thinking of getting married?” Anthony asked then rubbing a thumb over his knuckles.
Tony couldn’t anymore, without another word he was across the room and throwing himself into the arms of his boyfriend. He felt Steve gathering him close, he smelled of leather and snow, but his neck was warm as Tony buried his face close the tears finally coming.
“Light’s on dim Fri,” he mumbled as he strode into the bedroom.
She was quite a moment, “Something to do with his party?”
The glasses on his tray shook as his left arm spasmed.
Steve clenched his jaw before he turned glaring murder at nothing as he made for the elevator; he’d almost forgot about Peter hurrying after him.
Ignoring his protesting body he headed to the small bathroom, mind trying to recall the dream. Bits and pieces filtering in, but most of it dissipating with the steam of his shower. Irritated he got ready for the day, tugging on jeans and a t-shirt over his skinny frame before running a quick brush through short blonde hair. Pausing before the mirror he squinted at his gaunt reflection, wide blue eyes glared back at him, his mouth a firm, unsmiling line.
Curious, he listened as his Anthony wearily answered the reporters.
Peter did his best to hide behind the bigger man, trying to be as unobtrusive as possible as they navigated the room filled with military uniforms. When Sergeant Rogers said they were headed to DC to see Colonel Rhodes he had not expected it would be at a party that seemed to be filled with nothing but important people.
“No Aunt May I do not want to be the third wheel on your couples vacation.”
“No,” Tony said firmly, “You are the strongest person I know Steven. We all have bad days’ love, you’re allowed too. My wish for you is to only have good days’ love, but you have nothing to apologize for.”
“We’re going to the Compound tomorrow.”
“Ok,” he groaned, a little winded and dazed, being hurled through a store was tough on even a super-soldier. Anthony heaved a sigh of relief, while Steve tugging his mask off taking a moment to collect himself. He was a little battered, little warm, but nothing….he trailed off sniffing the air, what the hell was that smell?
Steve caught his breath as Tony was moving again, reaching past him, he heard him rummaging in the bedside table before he was back, pausing to wiggle out of his own boxer briefs and tossing them away. Steve found his eyes straying down, unable to help the small whimper that fell from his lips.
"How are you feeling today love?"
The teenagers, parents, and teachers, alike were eyeing him rather wearily. Peter, the sweet kid that he was, stayed nearby chatting a mile a minute, it reminded him of Anthony. Peter’s friends Ned and MJ, had seemed to warm up to him as well. He did appreciate the effort, perhaps coming dressed as a killer robot was not his best idea, but no one had ever accused him of being a thinker.
They were moving then, Anthony pulling him close once more. The soft ding announced their destination and Steve was easily moving them, pleased when Anthony was gasping and withering against him. He knew his lover enjoyed a little manhandling, and Steve was happy to indulge, careful to keep his strength in check.
“Pepper will get Anthony there by about 5 or so, make sure you leave here early in the morning.”
Steve nodded, “I’m finished at seven.”
Coming around the big man he kissed him on the lips softly, "Can't wait to see it, love."
He laughed then, and something inside Steve finally seemed to relax, he hadn’t realized just how tense he’d been. Seeing Anthony so broken….he never wanted to see it again, never wanted to be the cause of it.
Anthony called him from where he was pressed against his chest. He hummed in response, his husband shifting closer.
He started working harder on the cuffs, worriedly eyeing the door as he struggled to get loose. He had no idea what was coming but…
Stephen nodded hand moving as he opened the portal, the Sergeant nodded his thanks before he paused, “See you Friday?”
-#-#-#-
A man passing by hit him hard in the shoulder and kept moving unconcernedly.
He had actually been hoping to take Steve out tonight for Halloween. It was their first together and he figured Steve, even if he could remember, wouldn’t recall any prior Halloweens. Pepper was having a big Halloween shindig at SI and the idea of dressing up his boyfriend in something tight and form-fitting while he paraded him around, had appealed to him.
“Usual hon?” The waitress appeared snapping her gum and looking at him. Steve nodded, and she turned to Tony raising a brow.
“I think we can Sarg," she supplied helpfully as she rattled off what he needed.
The big man nodded, “Yes, for the next five days.”
“Do you think he knows he wrote it in Russian?” Sam mused aloud.
Rhodes grinned at him slyly, “Jealous Tones?”
“Fri, call Anthony,” he husked.
“Ready?”
Bucky was chuckling as Sam landed the jet and Steve was up and running. He ignored his friend, shouldering his bag he immediately headed for the workshop, hurrying in he felt his heart sink as everything was dark and quiet.
Over the blowing snow he heard a small clicking sound, glancing back he spotted Peter with his phone up grinning. Was he actually taking a picture? The shock didn’t end there, however, numb he watched as Steve held his fist out to Peter the pair bumping them.
Steve nodded, “Thank you, we would appreciate that, but we can't stay too long..”
“Look good enough to eat sweetheart,” Anthony winked.
“Perfect,” he rasped, doing his best to smile.
He wanted to die of embarrassment.
-#-#-#-
Steve waved off the apology, “It’s fine really.”
He sighed, what did you buy someone who had everything?
Tony growled, as Steve felt him manhandled around and sitting him down, Steve moved to get out of his lap but Tony tightened his arms around him pulling him close once more.
Anthony’s eyes snapped to him blinking in surprise, “But…but…it's…Steve, it's like saying I don't trust you, and I have no faith in our marriage,” he blinked rapidly looking like he was holding back tears.
“Lights on dim J,” Tony mumbled against his skin.
Steve could see Bucky up ahead pulling off his helmet, as he glanced at Sam above him laughing so hard he almost fell out of the sky.
"Thanks, Dad," Tony retorted, just before the metal closed around his face.
“Oh come on Cap, admit it…”
“Should have known we’d get a call today,” Clint groused over the coms.
He paused then eyes closed as he breathed, Steve running soothing hands over his thighs and up his sides.
He gasped arching back pain radiating from his head, something was wrong…very wrong.
A few of them looked put out, a few glared, whatever he didn’t care. Looping his arm with Steve’s they made their way across the room, “Thanks,” Steve rasped.
“Should we wait until the weather clears Buck?” Sam looked pensive.
Narrowing his eyes, he stepped off the path honing in on the source. Slowly parting a nearby bush he found a pair of yellow eyes staring up at him.
Steve couldn’t speak, swallowing thickly he nodded seconds before he felt those warm lips press against his. Stars exploded behind his eyes as Tony kept it sweetly chaste, pulling away with a pleased grin and pink cheeks.
Slowly the blonde looked up at him, completely unimpressed, “It’s not even creative Stark.”
"Love you too," his rasped back, vocal cords sounding a little rawer.
Steve had indeed caught up to the train…. riding a horse.
“Tony?”
“Sorry love, I was busy,” Steve replied.
“Don’t look,” Tony said softly.
So, what had him feeling restless?
Strange had said he’d been trapped in his own subconscious mind. Almost like he was living out a fantasy of sorts…it had been an odd fantasy. Strange had asked, but Anthony had butted in looking terrified, saving Steve from answering. He had been grateful…he didn’t want to share with anyone but his husband.
She shrugged, “Maybe he’s busy?”
Slowly he shook his head, he knew it, and Sam knew it; it may be too late by then.
Tony grumbled running an irritated hand through his hair, "I better call Steve, let him know…" he sighed, damn it this was not how he envisioned his first Christmas with Steve going.
“Thank you for your help,” the Sergeant rasped.
Tony stifled a yawn as he made his way through the Compound, idly he glanced at his watch it was only about 8:30 but he was all for collecting his sexy super soldier boyfriend and heading for bed.
Pausing he raised the kitten to eye level, “Really?” he rasped the kitten meowed plaintively again before rubbing his face against his cheek.
His manger berated him as she locked the doors, “Do you even know who they were?”
-#-#-#-
He wished Bruce had been around, Hulk would have been helpful, hell even Thor would have been able to electrocute the slimy bastards.
Steve couldn’t rest, vibrating with energy as they drew closer to the compound. All he wanted was to see Anthony. He’d been gone almost two weeks, two very long, very lonely weeks.
“Someone wanted to buy it,” Steve continued.
Steve knew he’d said something wrong the moment the words left his lips, Anthony's eyes went wide and his jaw dropped as a wash of emotions crossed his boyfriend's expressive features. Surprised shock, gave way to sadness before callused hand were cupping his cheek and pulling him close.
He shrugged, “Nice women in the Starbucks.”
Bucky wished he was anywhere but here with Christmas looming so close…it was Steve’s first one back with him and he had hoped perhaps they could have spent some time together. He knew he was struggling to connect with his friend again. Steve was moving on though, and Bucky felt like he was being left behind.
“Anthony, where…where…” he tried rasping vocal cords more horse than usual.
He didn’t even need to look at her to know what sort of face she was making at him.
That woke him up, “What really?”
“You know that’s $600 a plate right?” Colonel Rhodes was laughing at them.
He winced, the reporters were already surrounding him, he could hear the clicking of cameras, and a barrage of questions. Always waiting for him to fuck up….and Christ had this ever been a fuck up.
“Anthony, are you ok?” Steve’s quiet rasp, was laced with worry and concern.
“Is that…” Sam started looked just as dumbfounded as him.
At least one of them was going to have a fun vacation.
Tony chuckled winking at him, “Be a shame to waste those bathing suits  after all.”
Steve blinked, the lights making his head throb, “Dim please J,” Tony was moving around the room, grabbing towels, and adding something sweet-smelling to the bathwater.
“Any particular reason you’re taking up painting?”
Tony looked from Pep to the paintings and back, “They are?”
-#-#-#-
“Steve didn’t answer.”
“Steve Rogers and I, are happy to confirm we are engaged,” Anthony was saying smiling proudly at the press; Steve felt his lips twitch. He felt like smiling, but he hadn’t quite got it down yet. It was still more of a snarl and most often misinterpreted by the press.
Bruce shrugged, “My flight was cancelled.”
Anthony was still talking to Strange, the men in deep conversation, while Sam and Clint, apparently in the Halloween mood, had started making plans to marathon their favourite scary movies when they got back to the compound. Steve moved to join them, standing with the small group, but watching Anthony.
There was no one everyone would cancel right?
The crackling got louder, “Out where?”
“Steve?” A sleepy voice mumbled.
-#-#-#-
The figure got closer, and Peter could hear the squeak of leather, eyes hidden behind dark sunglasses. Peter shifted readily for an attack.
“Wonderful, what can I do for you, Steve?"
Tony smirked as the dance wrap up and Peter wandered back overlooking flushed and excited.
“Uh hi?” Peter said smiling widely, “Is your dad home?”
He could see Sam, Buck, and Steve had already attracted a crowd, not unusual Captain America was always popular. Steve had been gaining in popularity amongst the people as well; a social media darling.
And he’d fucked it up. Tony banged his head against the table wanting to crawl into a hole and not come out.
Peter couldn’t believe it, he rubbed his eyes to make sure he wasn’t dreaming, “You…you came…” he found himself stuttering out in surprise.
Steve woke slowly, something unusual for him, normally it was rather sudden. He moved through the layers of muzzy sleep slowly becoming aware of the tender kisses pressing along his shoulder blades and the warm rough hands caressing his chest and abs gently.
“For not leaving when we should, for making a mess out everything…” he trailed off with a sigh hearing something on the static across the line; it sounded like children laughing.
He caught his breath, the now familiar sharp pain behind his eyes.
There was a beat of silence, “Are you insane?” Gamora yelled Nebula and Mantis looked confused.
Steve grunted, “New hobby.”
The others were silent for a moment before Sam and Clint were groaning rolling their eyes. Bucky grinned at him widely, “I got that reference.”
-#-#-#-
"What kept ya, Stevie?" Buck called.
“Everyone Boss sent invites to can’t make it,” she explained as he booted up the machine and shared the various emails and chat logs with him. Steve’s frown deepened.
It took him an hour to collect all the necessary mission parameters before he was able to formulate a plan. He looked at the hodgepodge of scribbles in the notebook he’d been using. Studying it with a strategic eye he finally nodded this could work….but he was going to need to move fast.
Steve was surprised at himself as the quiet question fell between them, he closed his eyes cursing himself for an idiot.
Whatever this was between them…he wanted it, needed Tony in his life.
“Again,” Tony commanded and the clip played, Sam and Clint both were on their phones already laughing.
Anthony’s laugh echoed over the coms, “Alright hipster where do you want to go? If you say Russia I may hit you.”
“Can I help Sarg?”
“Tony, they changed their mind!”
“With ‘#Winteryum’ trending, people are weighing on their opinion of the newest Avenger…”
“Yes?” Steve rasped unsure what else to say.
Stephen tried to hide his smile, “Can I drop you anywhere else?”
Tony hummed squeezing his arm softly, “Anytime love.”
-#-#-#-
Steve was done.
“Rogers!”
-#-#-#-
“Steve’s paintings? He’s taken up a new hobby, seems to be enjoying it.”
Steve reached up patting his arm, “Painting.”
“Ok sweetheart?”
“Gah come on!” Sam complained but he was still smiling.
Thor’s frown turned to a wide smirk, “I love parties.”
The man was sitting at the table was looking at them in stunned surprise, “Peter?”
“Damit left my snacks in my pants,” he groused realizing he wouldn’t get food for a bit.
“I feel like we’re in a Western,” Cap mumbled as he kept pace with Steve.
Tony moved back to his mind-numbing paperwork leaving his fiancée to paint. Focusing on the stacks of contracts before them he got lost for a bit working through the papers. It was a long while later when he looked up to see Steve carefully cleaning his brushes headphones on his neck.
He sat on the side of the bed tenderly brushing his hair, massaging his scalp as he patiently waited. A small meow came from fluffy black lump tucked against Steve’ chest and Tony smiled, CC has kept him company.
Sighing he reluctantly followed as Pepper steered him towards the common area, he wasn’t sure what she was doing but as they drew closer he heard music. Assuming Rhodey must have some sort of Christmas movie playing, he followed Pepper into the room…and froze.
“What are you smiling about?” Anthony asked.
“I’ll make sure to pass on the message,” he assured the young man, carefully putting a little star beside the message on the board.
Groaning he sank into him closing his eyes, some of the horribleness of the last couple of days bleeding from him.
Bruce tried not to grin to wildly, “Thanks Tony, appreciate that.”
Steve felt his heart turn over in his chest a little, as he glanced at his boyfriend, Anthony giving him a wide, wistful smile. Unsure what the expression was for he puzzled it over as Anthony managed to expertly disperse the majority of the crowd. A few die-hard science students weren't deterred, however, eager to chat to the genius. Steve didn’t mind, automatically falling in behind his lover he was content to watch from the shadows.
Steve already knew his arm was crushed under the wall that had fallen on him. Twisting he tried to move it himself but his right leg was pinned and he couldn’t get the purchase too. Biting off a curse he could do no more than wait.
Hurrying away he took the drink order, sure he felt those dark eyes on him, almost like a caress. The rush had started and Steve was kept busy making drinks, he had been sure the man would get bored and leave, but every time he turned around he was there, dark eyes watching, small smile about his lips as he nursed his glass.
“Too soon Stevie,” Buck sighed, but the relief was palpable.
“Steve? Where the hell you come from?”
Steve felt like crying.
Tony groaned three fingers buried inside him as he leaned into Steve’s metal hand, “Steve do you…” he breathed again, seeming to try and collect himself, Steve waited patiently despite his inner voice wanting to push him down and press into him. Anthony was removing his fingers grabbed the lube again he was slicking Steve up then, unable to help the rumble that rattled his ruined vocal cords.
Tony snorted a laugh, seconds before Clint began to cackle, “Oh my god these are amazing.”
“I honestly thought I was hallucinating,” Sam added.
“Yeah, I like that.”
“Hawaii?”
Dark eyes went wide in surprise before he was laughing, head was thrown back, and it was everything he needed. Unbidden he felt the memories bubbling up again, coming so easily and readily to his mind; clear and unfettered. It was an odd feeling for him, usually, his mind was so disjointed the memories distant hard to hold onto, these felt so real.
Really it didn’t matter as long as he got Steve. Laughing wildly, he tugged on the helmet and swung onto the back of the bike holding tight to the warm body before him, as they sped into the night.
“JARVIS start a bath please,” Tony spoke softly, finally setting Steve down carefully on the side of the tub.
“Good, how is Switzerland?” He asked.
He woke sweat-soaked and suddenly. Blinking blue eyes, his mind moved sluggishly through the haze of sleep and nightmares. He took deep breaths, his heart slowly returning to a more regular rhythm as he oriented himself.
Bucky seemed to find his voice first, “Stevie what on earth happened to your clothes?”
Humming Steve opened his eyes, looking more focused and aware, “Ok.”
“This just turned into the
The manger was beckoning him over, dutifully he moved to the end of the bar as she hissed at him, keeping her voice low.
“Roger Dodger,” his boyfriend quipped before disappearing towards the front of the speeding train.
Tony would argue that getting out of bed at all that day had been a bad idea. It hadn't started that way though, as a matter of fact, it'd started amazing. It was he and Steve's first anniversary and Tony had been excited. First, because he'd remembered, then because Steve has sweetly brought him breakfast in bed followed by some lazy making out that held all sorts of promises for their evening.
Steve’s memory began to clear, he’d been at the tower….movie night, then…he closed his eyes feeling a sharp thrum of pain in his chest as he was reminded of what had sent him out of the tower.
The voice in his dreams echoed in his mind as he shook his head to clear it, had he been dreaming he was a superhero?
“Where are we?” He rasped, more to himself.
Dating Tony Stark was like a dream.
-#-#-#-
Turning to his side he curled in on himself, the world hazy and indistinct as he drifted. A soft warm weight press against his side and a steady purr reminded him he was safe.
She looked surprised, before her eyes softened, “Oh Tony…I’m so sorry.”
It was an ill-kept secret among the people that knew him well. Tony didn't mind though it was the one time of year those people close to him let him get away with spoiling them. It was also the only time he could be completely extra and no one said a word.
“Christ, Steve, gave me a start,” he clutched his pounding heart.
“Come on love, shower then Rhodey promised to make waffles for breakfast.”
Tony was taken aback, “Really?”
Steve hid his wince, he should have known that was what he wanted. Fury had been trying to get him to run training for a while now. He had no interest in working with, training, or otherwise engaging with the overzealous youths that Fury was trying to warp. Hell, he'd destroyed the old SHIELD system and wasn't keen to see it infiltrated once more.
“Danvers," the stone-faced Steve Rogers greeted, beside him the kid was leaning out of the portal phone in hand.
Everyone they knew had been invited, and the place was a who’s who of hero’s and assorted friends. It was ok though, Steve wasn’t feeling on edge or cagey, he knew these people, he was having a good day. He noticed Anthony’s drink was empty, and he took the glass from him, his love throwing him a smile in thank you as he chatted on with Strange.
Tony felt a smile tremble on his lips, “It’s ok, I miss you though,” he admitted as he closed his eyes and sighed heavily.
"Steve?" he asked, looking tired, and heartsick, but concerned for him.
Steve mulled it over, “That makes sense,” he said.
Still, he had hoped to connect a little more.
“Headache again? We don’t have to, we can just do something the two of us…”
“Too late,” Clint smirked.
The man nodded, “Yes in a way.”
“Steve, sweetheart, please…”
There was a beat of silence, “Oh seriously? Mr. Rogers sir, I’m a big fan I think you’re awesome.”
“Oh God, this is legit the week from hell, I swear, they are dragging their feet over everything.”
Tony held the phone up to his ear heart thudding in his chest as it rang.
“Friday, October 31, 7 pm at Midtown High School,” he parroted back.
Steve grunted, eyes staring hard at the message; it was his fault.
Tony finally managed to find his tongue, “How…what….why…” he ran a hand through his hair as laughter broke out. Tony ran his eyes over everyone again looking for a familiar blonde head towering over the others; his heart falling a little when he didn't see Steve.
Opening the text message, he carefully clicked the link it sent him to a website. A website that sold something called, Enso rings. Curious he scrolled through the page a small grin turning up his lips.
Tony Stark loved Christmas.
The others turned then, the room erupting in greetings as they beckoned him into the welcoming space.
Still grinning Steve replied for him, “He’s fine, Sam’s kissing it better.”
Anthony shook his head coming over to peck him on the cheek, “Only you love,” he grinned. Steve returned the kiss, his stomach suddenly growling, reminding them they’d fought through breakfast and lunch.
Carefully he slid one finger inside surprised to find no resistance, his mental digit sliding smoothly. Anthony must have noted his surprise, "Got ready before I woke you," he mumbled, "I had a plan."
He turned to look at Steve shocked, “What?” the blonde rasped looking half asleep.
Steve watched as he stepped closer, gently taking Steve wrist and expertly buttoning up his cuffs.
Steve wrinkled his nose, “I try not to.”
He nodded rolling his head back to meet warm lips, “Yes,” he breathed before Tony captured them kissing him deeply, as his hand gently teased and caressed his waist and stomach.
Anthony grumbled and whined and Steve helped him upright settling him against the pillows and he brought the tray to his lap. Anthony looked awful, pale and sweaty, dark rings around his eyes. Steve encouraged him to eat a few bites of soup, and a cracker before pressing some medicine on him.
“Steve, are you ok?” Tony sounded worried.
“Don’t what?” he mumbled rubbing absently at his arc, Steve’s tags clinking softly against the metal.
Steve flushed deeper reaching up to cover his face embarrassed, he heard Tony hum pleased, “No way sweetheart, you’re too pretty.”
Steve unpacked his bag, a touch reluctant, before chiding himself for feeling that way. Anthony wanted to do a ‘traditional Christmas’ and he was being selfish. If seemed so important to Anthony, the way he’d lit up talking about their Christmas’s before…before the mess with Hydra and SHIELD, before the Accords.
Tony smiled at him warmly and genuine, "I'll be here."
As soon as Halloween ended his mind was immediately filled with upcoming holiday plans. It was his first Christmas with Steve, and by God, he was going to make it memorable. November 1st he was already scheming to spoil his amazing boyfriend outrageously. God knows that if anyone had earned a little spoiling it was Sergeant Steve Rogers, ex-Hydra assassin, and the sweetest person he'd ever met.
T’Challa guided them into the palace, “Stay as long as you like. What brings you so far from home anyway?”
“We went to space!” The kid piped up, and Bucky was sure at this point he must have been shot because he had to be hallucinating.
Tony snorted, sniffing as he wiped at his eyes, “You’re late," he said trying to make a joke to lighten the mood, even as his chest felt fit to burst.
Carefully he pulled on the borrowed clothing, it was too big, the t-shirt falling off one of his shoulders, and he had to roll up the sweat pants, but he was glad to have his glasses back, pushing them up his nose, he hooked his hearing aid back in feeling more confident that the world was back in focus.
“Damit what the hell!”
He had taken it upon himself to do some research into Christmas as try as he might,  he couldn't recall his own. He'd briefly thought about asking Buck but that seemed like asking for trouble. So after a little Googling, he'd pretty much figured it out. His biggest concern at the moment was deciding what to get his extremely rich boyfriend.
Steve shook his head, the sting was fading to a dull throb, “Keep going,” he rasped as he pressed back. He could feel the strong body behind him shudder before Tony was sliding the rest of the way and Steve's arms finally gave out.
“Safe and sound with me,” Tony whispered into damp greasy hair.
Steve kissed his cheek, “Love you too.”
Despite Bucky’s fussing about the weather, there had been no rain, and everything had gone perfectly.
Tony hummed moving into the kitchen, smiling a secret smile at the sweet ache in his lower back; totally worth it.
He cleared his throat, “Burgers.”
Anthony was trembling again, “I was so afraid you be trapped in a nightmare.”
“Are you ok love? I called, you didn’t pick up…” he trailed off, realizing just how suspicious he was sounding. He trusted Steve completely, there was no way…
“Mr. Stark, what happened?”
He could hear the smile in her voice.
Permission given he buried his hands in dark hair as Tony teased him, his movements methodical and slow. He seemed in no hurry for it to end, playing Steve like a fiddle as he brought him to the brink before pulling back, kissing his way back up his chest he paused.
Grinning he turned back to Steve, “What are you doing here? Are you surprising Tony?”
Steve cocked his head to the side, “Would you like to go to dinner?”
Tony sat in the crook of Steve's arm dozing on the common room couch. It’d been a rather long day. In addition to actually stopping the train, they’d had to go pretty much clear across the country to do it, then move all the weapons they found to secure locations. All said and done they'd all been going for more the twenty-four hours and now sprawled in the common area they just couldn’t seem to find the energy to go to bed.
“Sorry Sarg,” the AI replied.
Giving up he leaned down to give voice to his curiosity, “What kind of party is this?”
-#-#-#-
"Really? Winter yum?" he said aloud seconds before he was running for the stairs. Dashing to the common area he all but vaulted over the couch in his haste, settling into the empty spot beside Steve.
love that movie,” Clint mumbled.
His thoughts were getting harder to hold onto as Tony’s hand moved higher, teasing his nipples and running along his ribs, soft, exploratory…like he hoped to memorize everything about him. Steve luxuriated in the touch, breath catching as Tony trailed kisses down his neck and to his shoulder.
The damn leather pants were getting tighter, and Steve was ready to get them off. With one last kiss, he stood to do just that, Anthony’s hands stalling him, curious he watched as his boyfriend looked up at him through dark lashes, “Let me…”
,” she supplied helpfully.
Bucky blinked, “I don’t get it,” his brow furrowed and Tony, greatly looking forward to watching Sam stumble through that explanation, very suddenly found himself being lifted off the couch and thrown over Steve’s shoulder as the super solider was all but running for the stairs.
“When is your shift finished, Steve?"
“You sure about this?” Tony looked at him half worried, half excited.
They were quite a moment lost in thought, Steve picturing a small simple ceremony, them and their friends. It was a beautiful picture.
-#-#-#-
Tony  looked up at him eyes crinkling in a smile, “Sold.”
Steve looked up from where he was fussing with his cuffs, running an appreciative eye over his boyfriend, looking handsome as sin in his perfectly tailored deep red suit.
“That’s good,” Tony was relived, he’d been so worried about leaving Steve alone, but if Peter was with him then they could keep each other company. "I won't keep you, I just wanted to call and let you know where I am. I'll let you get back to lunch, call you tomorrow.”
Drax leaned closer to the Spider Kid, “What is a Christmas?”
Tony turned to see that beloved big figure leaning in the doorframe.
He really wasn’t sure what it was.
"Do you want to stop?" Tony's voice was soft, but he sounded less in control, his voice taking an edge to it.
Concerned he picked his way quickly through the debris-strewn streets towards their last position.
Curiously she slid it open, feeling a grin creep across her face as she read the message attached to the picture.
It took him a while to settle, his chest heaving sobs slowly moving into soft hiccups as Steve rocked him. Tony still pressed into his neck, hands fisted in the soft cotton t-shirt he wore.
Undecided he glanced around the oversized closet, most of it was Anthony’s everything neatly organized. He had a smaller section, slowly growing, but usually only when Anthony bought him something. He spotted his leather jacket hanging innocently on the door, one of the few things he’d actually bought for himself. Something about it at the time had appealed to him, now as he stared at it, the spark of an idea took root in his head; he blinked in surprise.
Tony turned to the man beside him, Steve was yawning blue eyes lazy as he blearily looked at the movie they’d fallen asleep too.
“ ‘Stark seen out and about with new beau’,” the man read aloud before he chuckled, "Looks an awful lot like you in the photo."
“Trip down memory lane?”
Peter’s eyes went as wide as saucers, Steve felt his lips twitch the kids around them murmuring and pointing.
“M' sorry,” he mumbled voice thin, a sob just below the surface, “Just woke up alone again, and I freaked out a bit.”
“Sam, can you grab him? I’m trying to get this damn train stopped,” Anthony continued.
Sighing he shook his head setting down his glass and stuffing his hands in his pocket before moving to join his fiancée who was currently besieged by a group of interesting-looking individuals.
Buck turned his attention to Natasha, “Tasha,” he prodded gently.
“New place just opened up down here, thought you might like to try it,” his lover teased.
“No.”
Steve nodded sharply and Peter grinned disappearing around the corner.
"I'm trying to picture small you," Anthony was still smiling at him, eyes still a little red-rimmed, but the light was back. That painful shadow slowly leaving his expression.
“Peter set up a small video for you.”
Heading through the common area he passed by the others, Sam and Buck curled together on the couch, Bruce dozing in his favourite chair while Wanda and Vision sat close on the other. Clint was sleeping on the floor again as Natasha, fooled with her phone.
“Sorry,” he mumbled.
“I’ll be right back, just going to get out of my armour ok?”
He nodded before returning back to the group.
Anthony  nodded tugging them over to the bar, Steve was pleased when he passed  him a Shirley Temple.  Sipping his drink he felt a warm arm around his waist as his boyfriend held him tight. Drinking his own cranberry and club, Steve tried to sort through the hazy memories, but they were too distant tonight he couldn’t get ahold of them.
“God you’re amazing, think you can walk us to the shower?”
Tony lifted his hand kissing metal knuckles, “That’s good?” he ventured, he wasn’t sure if Steve had wanted to sell his work.
Gently he picked up the black ball of fluff raising him to eye level. The kitten was tiny, fitting in his palm easily.
Steve had no idea what was going on his thoughts were hard to hold onto, his head was aching. Whomever it was seemed keen on chatting though as he continued on.
“Go on pull the other one,” Steve muttered.
They nodded in greeting, “Hello,” a chipper youthful voice called as Peter appeared from behind the large back.
-#-#-#-
Steve felt his head jerk, a bath sounded nice…
Frowning he sat on the sofa arm glancing at Buck, “Where’s Steve?”
Bruce tried to smile reassuringly, “Tony I’m sure there is a reasonable explanation for everything.”
“Little help Sam,” Bucky grunted as he started flinging bodies.
“Pep?” He asked frowning when the women didn’t say anything simply stared.
“Hey handsome,” he greeted.
Stephen Strange, snorted, “He is indeed…I am curious to see if he can pull this off though.”
He glanced at the phone again, ‘Yeah…yeah sure, everything is fine.”
Peter wished he had that kind of confidence, but then again the man looked terribly impressive in dress uniform.
“Steve?” Vison asked beside her, and she realized that no she was not seeing things.
Tony was enjoying himself more than any gala he’d ever gone to. The kids were a refreshing breath of fresh air, eager and excited to talk science. He chatted with a small group of them for a long while, more than impressed with their knowledge and thoughtful questions.
“Mr. Stark!” Peter was pushing through the crowd coming towards him a wide toothy smile on his face, “Merry Christmas Mr. Stark!”
He moved closer to the fray, “I am Groot!”
“This is Mr. Rogers,” Peter said firmly pushing down his arm.
“Is he ok?” Anthony sounded worried as he turned to look down, Steve knew the moment Anthony spotted him as he too almost fell out of the sky.
Moving his hands to Anthony’s hips he was about to gently turn him wanting desperately to sink into him, to feel that perfect heat clenching him tightly. He shifted and Anthony was pulling back, “Steve,” he breathed voice almost as raspy as his own. He paused smoothing a hand through dark hair.
“Is that…are you…” Ned was pointing, rather rudely, Peter thought.
Sam nodded, and they were headed towards the base, the harsh weather having driven everyone inside the main building. Silently entering, they had just rounded the first corner when poor timing brought them face to face with a small group of armed men.
Steve shrugged non-committal, turning he continued on before Tony could comment further, the other man falling in step with him, slowing his pace to match.
Steve busied himself making coffee.
Natasha had been out of contact for almost a week.
Peter tried to smother his giggle as he glanced at the Sergeant, face as impassive as always.
His ringing phone woke him, blinking he sat up frowning as his back protested his choice of sleeping position. Blearily glancing around the work table unable to find the irritating deceive. “Fri answer that, would you?”
“NO!”
Clearing his throat he glanced back at the slumbering pair;  he wasn’t the only one dabbing at his eyes.
-#-#-#-
“You love me…” he rasped, “That’s more than I could ever ask for.”
Surprised Hank chuckled, “Well nice to meet you…”
“We interrupt date night?” He teased voice horse, and nasally as he suppressed another cough.
Steve followed curiously, the party seemed different than the ones before. It was louder, energetic, usually these things where…quieter?  These people looked to be thoroughly enjoying themselves.
Slowly Steve began to move uncurling, as dull blues eyes blinking sluggishly open. Tony waited to move his hands to work at his neck.
Only his partner was somewhere in the middle of the Russian wilderness, and he was here alone trying on his suit.
-#-#-#-
"This is my favourite," Steve rasped, Tony nodded running his eyes over the lines again.
The thought made him turn slowly over, Anthony by his side slept peaceful and deep. The blue light in his chest pulsing with the steady beat of his heart.
The picture came up on the far screen, and Steve felt a smile tug his lips as his fiancée appeared on the screen. Only to fall when he saw how tired, and strained he looked. Frowning he moved closer, reading the small print at the bottom of the screen, ‘Stark addresses allegations of sexual harassment’.
He glanced at the clock, the numbers reading 5:30 AM, it was time to get up, he had work soon.
“Lizards had acid spit,” he explained shouldering his rifle and crossing large arms.
Steve grunted, he could, but he was going to a high school, with children. He really didn’t want to scare them and more often than not his outfit had gotten that complaint from the media. Maybe he could borrow Buck’s uniform? It had worked once before, kids loved Captain America.
Surprised he recognized the name, as he gave the go-ahead to send them up.
Bucky had no idea what to say, but apparently, Sam did, "What the actual fuck!"
Suddenly the person was close enough he could see them, recognizing the mess of dark hair, and worried hazel eyes.
“Steve, honey? Are you ok?”
"I love you, Anthony," he whispered.
Sighing he turned to his boyfriend, “Alright T-800 shall we go home?”
Bruce sat back lips twitching in amusement as Tony wound himself up. He was well used to the man's rants by now but it never ceased to amuse him. Following Tony's wild hand gestures, he happened to glance behind up, freezing when he spotted the large man standing at the far end of the room behind Tony.
“Natasha says we broke Twitter.”
Tony snorted crossing his arms, “Why would I be jealous?"
“So we’re on a mission to round up everyone so Mr. Stark can have his Christmas party?”
“I have one more thing to do,” he explained, Peter opened his mouth but Steve shook his head, “Not this time Peter, make sure to get these guys get back.”
Blinking in surprise Steve held the steady gaze until the little kitten opened its mouth and gave a plaintive meow. Frowning he reached for it with his left hand without thinking, surprised when the tiny kitten brushed against his metal fingers looking up at him to meow again.
-#-#-#-
Tony shrugged taking a sip of his coffee, "It was good, the kids were great."
“Tony,” he said softly, waiting for those intelligent eyes to land on him curious and open.
The kid was talking a mile a minute hands moving wildly, eyes wide as he gestured. Mantis, Drax, and Groot listened intently to the kid, while the big man patiently waited for him to finish.
“Drink up friends!” Thor was trying to press a beer in his hand, Steve accepted it politely before passing it over to Buck.
“Steve sweetheart breath, it’s ok breath…” he felt Tony pressing gently against his chest.
“That’s strange,” Tony mumbled pressing the end call button on his phone.
Steve grunted, Anthony’s words washing over him, sweet and sticky as he moved him. He loved those words, his voice, his praise.
“Nope,” he agreed eyes dancing across the menu.
“I’m trying to get in contact with the Guardians and Captain Danvers," Steve answered, Peter, let out a low breath behind him.
“Sorry Mr. Rogers, I was trying to get ahold of Mr. Stark.”
“Not one goddamn word James, back to the tower, now.”
Laughing Pepper stepped away moving to Rhodey, the other pulling her into an embrace. Tony looked around the room again, everyone was there….all of them…
The unknown figure hummed holding something up to him, Steve gave up trying to make out what it was.
"Change of plan Ms. Potts," Tony pulled up the screen on his desk, tapping away, "We're going to have a Christmas Eve party instead.”
Within moments the other converged on her. Steve stuck to the perimeter picking off her pets, vaguely listening to Anthony calling Strange to come to deal with whatever it was they’d been fighting.
Steve was about to apologize when he felt that mouth move lower, trailing down to tease his nipples before moving on. Glancing down he watched as that dark head licked at his already throbbing erection. He loved to watch Anthony blow him. There was something so erotic about the way his lips stretched over him, the way his jaw worked, and tongue teased.
He frowned, brows knitting in concern, what was Tony doing here?
Thankfully, they had everyone out for the call so it didn’t drag out. But Tony would be lying if he didn’t admit he wanted to weep with relief as Cap was calling them in. Tony couldn’t even bring himself to razz Cap more about his date night.
“I break Twitter all the time,” he boasted, well maybe not him personally but usually SI announcements did the job.
In his arms, Natasha gave a faint groan of pain. Carefully lifting her higher he trailed after the pair as they cut through the base. Within moments they were outside in the middle of the blowing snow.
“Affirmative,” the Winter Soldier nodded before he turned to his younger companion the kid had something in his hands and was pointing it around, “Come on Peter we need to get going.”
“Oh?”
Cap turned to him frowning, "No, sorry Tony, haven’t seen him at all today come to think of it."
“How do you think I got in here?” the blonde man arched a brow and Peter outright laughed this time. Before he covered his mouth and ducked his head when a few people turned to him frowning.
The place was small, and the hostess had fallen all over herself, gushing about how much she loved them as she’d lead them to a table.
He wanted to groan, no…no…no.
“Anthony, love it’s fine, I’m looking forward to getting away,” he answered honestly, and he was. He was very much looking forward to leaving tomorrow. Just he and Anthony for two weeks, no winter, no calls, no one else…it sounded like heaven.
“Look confident, you’ll fit in,” Sergeant Rogers assured him as he walked into the room like he owned it.
“Thanks,” he muttered, pressing a kiss to Tony’s temple.
“No,” Steve shook his head slowly, “We wanted to invite you to the party at the compound on Friday,” he rasped.
Sighing he rolled to his side to stare at the wall instead, this was not how he pictured his Christmas vacation. Both Ned and MJ were headed away with their families for the break and him…
“Anyone see Steve?” He heard his lover in his ear sounding worried.
He was wearing ratty jeans and a band shirt that looked like it’d seen better days. His arm was in a sling, and as Steve came to stop beside him he could see dark, angry bruises across his cheek and jaw.
“Doesn’t hurt, just an odd feeling,” he assured him, as Steve moved them towards the bathroom. The shower already on thanks to Fri, Steve gently deposited his lover on the ground steadying the smaller man as Anthony wobbled a bit.
“Well I umm…have Cassie,” he stuttered.
This party meant a lot to Anthony…he was not going to give up so easily.
“Boss,” Tony looked up from his repair work as Friday cut the music.
“Boss on the line Sargent,” Friday announced just as the grinning face of his lover appeared.
“Well he dances beautifully now,“ Tony defended his boyfriend.
A really big deal.
Tony felt off.
“You and Steve?”
Steve Rogers was an odd man, but then again so was Tony Stark, together though…there was something so wonderfully sweet about the pair of them.
“Didn’t go well?
“Oh my god is that Doctor Pym?”  A much younger voice drew his attention as Hank spotted the wide-eyed teenager that had followed him off the elevator.
“Little busy at the moment, Steve can you wait?” Sam sounded breathless.
“What do you mean ‘whose that’?”
The man was goddamn adorable.
Tony blinked back the tears, how could he get so lucky?
“Tony!” he recognized the one that yelled, it was hard not to, Captain America was legendary, Bucky Barnes was in all the history books.
“Wanda?”
She was gone then and Steve put a small tick beside ‘phase 1’ on his notebook.
It was chaos, men yelling, guns firing, the increscent whaling alarm…. Bucky felt like he was drowning,
“So, Stevie went to Peter’s high school to chaperone their dance?” Bucky’s smiled matched Tony’s own.
“Of course you do,” Steve assured him, confused and panicking a little when he saw tears in his eyes again.
“Strange said….he said it’d be like being trapped in a dream. I was so afraid…afraid…”  he trailed off as  Steve waited patiently for him to finish his thought.
“I’m rambling, sorry…Rhodey says I need to not do that, oh god this is going awful,” he moaned burring his face in his good hand before he groaned again this time in pain.
He felt a warm arm come around him gathering him close, “How’d your day go?” he mumbled into the warm chest of the other. He heard the other rumble a sigh.
Steve had heard enough turning he quickly moved back towards the elevator trying to control the breath that was sticking in his chest, heart thundering he hurried to getaway.
“Fair enough, I like the challenge.”
Nodding Steve briskly poured the beers, and made up the cocktail before turning his attention to the final man, dark brown eyes looked at him as soft lips curved up in a smile, “Hello beautiful, Scotch neat please.”
At least he wasn’t alone, Tony was taking him somewhere warm though, and no doubt going to spoil him. He sighed, somewhere warm would be great right about now.
Steve seemed to understand though, holding him tightly as he gently stroked his hair, making those familiar soothing rumbles as Tony tried to get himself back under control.
Tony hit the ground so fast he stumbled, hurrying through the mess and heading for his fiancée. He had been worried about him since pulling him from the rubble, and he knew he shouldn’t have been surprised when Steve had returned to the fight down one arm and just as dangerous. Still, he worried, didn't think he'd ever not worry about him.
“How was the dance last night? Sam asked curiously.
As Steve’s shift ended he found himself back before the man, gesturing with his chin to the empty glass.
Irritated he bashed around some spare parts the noise offering a small measure of comfort. Some small rational part of him knew that it was necessary, that Pepper was right. He was worth a fortune if something were to happen between them…he didn’t want to think that way, didn’t want to believe that anything could happen between him and Steve.
“Oh, god love that’s so good,” Anthony mumbled sliding against him. Steve grunted in agreement, he was already rock hard, the too-tight pants, just dancing the line of almost too painful. Hitting the back of the elevator, Steve carefully pinned Anthony to the wall worrying the skin on his boyfriends neck. The dark-haired man making the most maddening sounds.
He woke with a start, chest wheezing as he tried to draw a breath, gasping he pressed a hand over his thundering heart as he struggled for air. Wincing in pain he reached blindly for his bedside table, long thin fingers closing around the plastic of his inhaler. Giving it a hasty shake he pressed it to his lips, inhaling as deeply as he could as he depressed the button. His airway finally giving way, allow him to draw a breath.
“Well shit,” Anthony muttered.
“Well hello,” she smirked curiously, wildly curious as to how they could have possibly found her.
“Shhh…we don’t have too,” Tony soothed.
And if they happened to break the internet…. well that was just fine with him.
His breath was sticking in his throat, as his chest constricted.
Steve sipped his coffee as he watched, frowning…something nagging at the back of his mind as he watched the red and gold armour wave.
Tony nodded, “I think he’d like Bora Bora,” she offered.
“Fuck….yes…love you….yes, yes,” he started moving in earnest then hips bouncing and shifting erratically as he moved around back bowing in pleasure. Steve held on, watching as he took his pleasure-loving every moment of it.
He’d been in bed when the alarm had sounded, and as a testament to how bad he'd been feeling at the time, he hadn't even changed into his undersuit, simply calling his suit around him in his pj’s. Now he stood barefoot in baggy sweats, and an oversized tank top of Steve’s sporting his Winter Solider star.
“Cap you ok?” Clint asked.
“No prob, for my favourite SI intern," he said loudly, tossing the kid a wink.
“Why….why do you like me?”
“I did!” he grumbled back.
Tony smiled at him softly and warm, he felt warm lips touch his forehead, "Steve I love you."
He must have blacked out for a few moments because when he came to there was yelling in his ear and his left shoulder was screaming at him. Groaning he tried to refocus, they’d been fighting, he’d been on a far building, trying to get down before it started to collapse.
The doors closed behind them but they didn’t move, neither wanting to part from the intimate contact, Steve rolling his hips lightly, knowing he was driving his lover crazy. Anthony finally managed to gasp out, “Little help Fri.”
“Let us celebrate more friends!” The big man with the long hair yelled breaking the moment, and Steve looked away feeling his cheeks heat and his heart stutter In his chest, what the hell was wrong with him?
Steve clenched his jaw against the pain.
The laughter echoed in his ear as Steve moved closer to the women, she was busy with Anthony above her. Using the distraction Steve took his opening, in one fluid motion he was aiming and firing; hitting her in the shoulder. It wasn’t lethal but she dropped with an indignant shriek clutching at the wound.
He didn’t say anything, couldn’t as he blinked eyes suspiciously wet. He felt Steve lean against him as he tangled finger in blonde hair, not a word said between them. Sometimes, Tony had learned, silence speaks far louder than words.
Steve grunted as he jammed the elevator button for the ground floor, “So what next Sergeant?”
Rocket glanced at him, “Really?”
"Tony see if you can get upfront and get this train slowed down, would you?” Bucky grunted.
"Yes, ma’am Anthony wanted to invite everyone.”
Tony watched the screen as the current trending topic on Twitter came up with a video, "No way…" he smiled then as Friday played the clear cell phone shot footage of Steve riding by on the back of a black stallion.
“All done?” he asked moving to join his love looking at the canvas.
The others were still reading off Tweets, some rather raunchy others a little thoughtful and positive about how the Winter Solider was redefining masculinity for a modern age. Many of them more than willing to take Tony’s place as the Winter Soldier’s love interest.
Steve nodded as they waited.
-#-#-#-
The static was getting worse, “Outside…..city…” Steve’s voice was getting further away;  distant fuzzy.
-#-#-#-
"Oh!" the dark-haired man stood coming towards them smiling wildly "Nice to meet you, Steve I've heard a lot about you, I’m James.”
“A party,” Bucky clarified.
He tensed when the doors at the far end of the gym banged open, hand automatically going for his concealed knife, he was halfway across the room when he realized just who it was that’d thrown the doors open. A familiar red and gold metal suit entered, and the students around him seemed to lose their minds.
Steve shouldered his rifle, pulling his mask down as he joined the others just outside the front doors of the Stark Industries building. He’d finished clearing the building and had spotted the others out front.
“No.”
Sam looked surprised, “No? You didn’t go to those hokey high school dances?”
This time Tony sighed voice too soft,  “I’m sorry.”
“Are you sure Tony?”
“I have her Sergeant, she’s hurt but ok.”
“Steve, sweetheart?”
“Ok, ok, we’re going,” she assured him as they headed out of SI and towards the waiting car.
“Who could that be?” May mumbled heading for the door.
"Well that's good news then," Steve was looking at him curiously and Tony was fighting a smile that threatened to crack his face in half.
Tony was calling him, he turned to the voice blinking stupidly, he was kneeling before him, face drawn, lips pressed together; he was still wearing his armour.
She didn’t say a word though, simply looked up at Steve before she carefully turned and for the first-time Tony noticed the girl was missing her left arm. His breath caught in his throat, as he watched his fiancée slowly lower, somewhat awkwardly, to his knee. Steve didn’t say a word angling his shoulder so the young girl could see the empty metal socket.
He felt Tony press a kiss to his temple mumbling in his hair, Steve nodded thinking to just close his eyes for a moment.
He was surprised when Pepper stopped him, looping her arm with his, “Come on, there’s something you need to see.”
Steve did bother to glance at the manger, ignoring her he grabbed his billfold and headed back into the dining room. He spotted him right away it was hard not to, the man seemed to command the attention of the room without even really trying.
Fury chuckled leaning back crossing his arms, “What kind of information?”
Peter brought his hands up automatically trying to reassure the man, “No! Not at all, this is, this is awesome, thank you so much for coming.”
Steve closed his eyes panting, small tremors racking his body, he had never felt so full, Tony pressing so deeply inside him. Callused fingers skimmed higher up his sides, before skating across his abdomen. Gentle fingertips stilling as Tony sucked in a harsh breath, “Jesus.”
Shaking his head, Steve headed down the stairs, careful not to spill his soup. The lights came up slightly as he entered, enough for him to make out the miserable lump curled on his side on the bed. At the foot of their bed was a pair of yellow eyes kept watch in the dimness as Cosmic Creepers gave a faint meow in greeting.
“I’m not sure about this,” Peter whispered as they made their way into the party.
“It’s a beautiful place, full of life,” Vision smiled softly as they walked hand in hand.
Hank looked at the phone curiously, “Did you get a name?”
Easily navigating the bedroom, he gently dumped Anthony on the bed. Watching as the dark-eyed man rolled to his knees hurrying out of his suit coat and tossing it away. Steve shrugged out of his leather jacket, followed by his t-shirt, pausing as the sunglasses snagged on the material. Annoyed he pulled them off as well, setting them beside the table before turning back.  On the bed, Anthony had stripped in record time, Steve feeling a familiar hot brand of lust pooling in his groin at all the smooth, tanned skinned of his lover.
“So…is Rogers your first name or last?”
He felt the arms tighten around him, “Cap you ready?”
“Compound?”
Clint was flat out sleeping on the floor sprawled on his back as he snored softly. Sam and Bucky leaned into each other, both hovering on the edges of sleep, and Steve’s steady breaths near his face were comforting.
Steve sat in the workshop idly playing catch with Dum-E as he waited for Anthony to call. With the thirteen-hour time difference, it was very late, or very early, depending on how you looked at it. He hadn’t gotten around to sleeping himself, but he never slept well without Anthony anyway,
She nodded mutely turning, Peter glanced at him, “So this was the guy that like…” he trailed off hands over his head as he stood on his tiptoes.
“Princess,” he mumbled ducking his head respectfully.
"You broke the internet again," Tony accused, Steve, shrugged, looking completely unconcerned with his current legendary social media status.
“Boss?” Friday interrupted.
"Oh god, yes Steve," he hitched his hips, and Steve moved with him slowly, and sweet. Holding Anthony’s weight, he slowly picked up speed. Anthony was a babbling mess in his ear, egging him on.
Frowning he felt a sting on this thigh, “You got to be shitting me,” he growled ripping his boots off as he wiggled out of his pants; he hadn’t worn any underwear today.
"Yes ma'am leaving December 20, and won’t be back until January 7, do not disturb,” he wiggled his eyebrows at her suggestively already looking at men’s swimsuits, completely forgetting he was supposed to be signing something when he clicked on G-string backed bikini briefs for men.
The rough callused hand moved gently massaging, “Are you sure Steve?” he felt warm lips against his ear, he felt his cheeks heat, happy for the still dark room.
“Affirmative.”
“Steve, sweetheart,” the voice was closer, the endearment had him pausing, though his chest still heaved.
“I’m alight, I fell off the train,” he growled slowly gaining his feet ignoring the pain in his chest. “Again,” he added; the others groan.
Steve grunted before Anthony’s tired voice carried through the empty space, “Hey babe,” he sounded…sad.
He waved his hand, “She looked like the wicked of the West.”
“I did?” he grunted.
Wong grinned shaking his head, “Should be a hell of a party.”
“6:30 Sarg.”
He’d been living in a dream, reality was bound to hit him sooner or later.
"What would this businessman do with the man in the room?" he breathed and Steve, palmed himself imagining it was the callused hands of his lover.
“Tony…”
“Ok?” Steve’s husk was rough and uneven, and so perfect.
-#-#-#-
“Nope.” Rocket lifted his gun higher siting the target, “Just wait for the signal.”
Hesitantly he raised his metal hand tentatively brushing it against his lover's jaw. Anthony groaned, eyes fluttering as he took as much as he could. Steve felt the air leave his lungs as he moved his metal hand down the slender neck.
Lang was still staring at him wide-eyed, "Why…you here…"
It was somewhat comical the look on Anthony’s face as he told him as much as he could remember. He knew he was making a bit of a muck of things, he wasn't a storyteller, but Anthony seemed enthralled, slowing sitting up more, but still leaning against him warm and heavy.
“Right here Sergeant," Peter pointed out before he nimbly jumped the fence and hurried up the steps. All youthful energy and excitement.
Steve was taken aback, “Oh, umm…thanks?”
“Anthony,” he murmured, dry lips cracking as he spoke.
“You’re trending again,” Natasha called as he walked through.
Tony sighed as he glanced at himself in the mirrors, he wasn’t really in the mood to be shopping right now. Both he and Steve were supposed to be here for their fittings, but his fiancée had been called off with Sam and Bucky to investigate a potential HYDRA resurgence. That had been a week ago, a very lonely, very quiet week. He hadn’t been able to reach him either, they were in a com blackout at the moment, and Rhodes had been pushing him to make some decisions about the wedding.
Grinning he pressed a kiss to Steve’s cheek, “I’m fine, can you get out of those pants?”
Steve had frowned at him furiously as his husband had glowered, Steve wasn’t overly enthused about the whole magic thing.
The man seemed amused, “Sorry your boss called you that.”
Bucky tried vainly to stop his teeth from chattering as he eyed the heavily fortified base.
He felt Steve press his right hand to his forehead, making a soft grunt of surprise, “You’re burning up.”
“Was there even Halloween in the ‘30s?” Clint sassed, arrow landing in one of the things that hadn’t noticed crawling towards his boot. He tossed Clint a wave of thanks before he was moving again.
Probably for the best all things considered.
Tony looked back at the screen, fingers moving fast.
“It looks great Mr. Stark, you look fantastic,” the young assistant gushed.
The big man nodded, “Bruce,” he greeted in that familiar ruined rasp.
“I’m gonna have to go now Rhodey," he said mind already spinning. He could still hear the man laughing as he hung up the phone.
Anthony let out a small huff before, “I love you.”
Anthony grinned eyes soft, and warm, "Thank you, love."
Grumbled he rubbed his face, “I am now you ass whada’ want?”
“I’ll meet you guys at the compound, just going with Strange to see about the witch.”
“Thanks, Fri," he rasped glancing at his slumbering boyfriend.
“I’ll see what I can do Sarge,” she replied.
“Boss on the phone Sarge,” Friday said.
Steve didn’t drink himself, couldn’t remember ever having drank…just the thought of it turned his stomach, but he didn't mind working the bar. People didn’t care if their bartender said anything as long as the drinks kept coming. With practiced movements, he had the bar set up and ready just as the first of the after-work crowd wandered in looking for elaborate cocktails.
“It’s brilliant, look at the use of negative space, the bold moments…just fantastic.”
“You going to tell me?” Anthony begged leaning in close, lips a hair’s breadth from his.
Tony was already moving, dark eyes roving over the cluttered whiteboard. Spotting the note right away, he felt his lips twitch in a fond, exasperated smile.
“Tones you up?”
theme was iconic in Tony’s opinion. Rounding the corner he entered the room spotting Clint sprawled out on his favourite lounger popcorn in his lap as he yelled at Jamie Lee Curtis not to go in there. On the couch, an amused looking Sam was dividing his attention between a creeped out looking Bucky, and Michael Myers.
Peter stared up at his ceiling sightlessly. He could hear Aunt May moving around the apartment packing her bags as she sang loudly to herself.
Steve didn’t say a word, reaching in his pocket he dropped to one knee, watching as Anthony’s eyes widened.
Closing the portal Stephen crossed his arms chuckling, “He’d an odd fellow,” Wong commented idly.
Steve hummed his agreement gently withdrawing his finger before returning with two this time, the slide still slick and open. Anthony groaned this time mouth falling open as he all but whined, “More Steve…”
“So ummm…about that vacation, how about we leave tomorrow?” His voice was small and soft.
Pepper fought back the flush in her cheeks.
Nodding he mentally braced himself, “Alright Friday.”
“He should show these; do you think Steve would be interested?”
“I want you to fuck me against the wall,” Anthony finally breathed head falling back, as he groaned, Steve watching as his thighs quivered as he pressed his fingers back into himself. It was all the invitation Steve needed. Easily he lifted the other, Anthony wrapping his arms around his shoulders, as his legs went around his waist. Steve carrying him back the wall and pressing him into the unyielding surface. Anthony was gasping, rutting against him, as he begged sweetly in his ear.
Steve gave a small embarrassed squirm, torn between wanting more and wanting him to end his sweet torture.  He felt Tony's strong hands gripping him tightly, unsure what he was about to he glanced over his shoulder just as Tony licked a broad stripe across his hole. The air punched out of him as he couldn't keep silent now as the other probed and prodded, pressing against the tight ring of muscle as he slowly drove Steve insane. Whining he couldn’t help but press back against the teasing tongue.
No, he hadn’t been dropping hints.
“Incoming!”
Steve shrugged and they all slid a few feet forward as the train seemed to be finally, grinding to a stop.
Anthony ground into his hip with a moan,  hard and straining, shifting him to the crook of his left side Steve reached down with his right, only to have his hand swatted away.
She groaned eyes fluttering, “What is going on?”
“So what are we watching tonight?” Tony asked, and Steve felt him settle a warm hand on his lower back.
He could see Anthony’s lips twitching, Sam seemed to be having apoplexy, and Bucky was blushing. Steve felt his own lips twitch up at the corners, Sam was leaning on Bucky trying to suppress his giggles.
Tony sighed, so much for a memorable first anniversary.
Tony automatically caught the helmet as Steve tossed it to him, kicking the bike to life, the blonde head turned to him, eyes still shaded with the dark glass, “Come with me if you want to live.”
Tony made a pained noise, Steve snapped his jaw shut, “Sorry.”
“No, we are not doing that.” Rocket glared at him.
“Don’t worry Tony,” Pep’s voice was soft, comforting as she offered him a warm smile.
Heart beating painfully in his chest he hurried to the bedside, “I’m here Anthony,” he assured the panicked man gathering him close. Steve could feel his slender form shaking, as he held on tightly.
Steve had no idea, but he was saved from answering when Lang appeared at the door.
Anthony was facing away from him, trying his best to placate the press as Steve strode up pleased when they’d pulled back looking more than a little fearful. It was good he still inspired a healthy dose of fear.
“See you soon ma’am!” Parker said as he stepped in.
Steve hummed that made sense. He knew Anthony had a soft spot for the young man, Steve had only met the kid a few times, but it was easy to see why Anthony had taken such a shine to him.
“Anthony?” Steve rasped freezing in place, “Everything ok?”
Tony gave him a sweet, lopsided smile, “Won’t lie, I’ve had better days.”
“Press conference, Sargent.”
He turned to the small group with his practiced media smile, “Sorry to steal him away.”
“Better?”
Content he closed his eyes, “Sleep sweetheart.”
“So, good, you feel so good, so full…Oh, God!" Anthony yelled as Steve pulled back from the wall taking Anthony with him moving him up and down with his upper body strength alone.
“Would it make you feel better if I wore an indecently tight shirt, and you threw some money around?”
Rocket shrugged, “What the hell close enough, “ he sited and fired, the others erupting from cover around them.
He reached his love just as Anthony turned, frowning in confusion.
He watched in amusement as Anthony was mobbed by the tide of eager teens, all-flash and easy grins as he navigated the crowd. Even the parents and teachers were awe struck.
Peter went back to his wall staring, only half listening as a distinctly masculine voice spoke, he didn’t recognize it right away. Curious he up turning just as May called out.
Rhodes snorted, “You ok?”
Tony was moving away from him grabbing a towel as he returned to the bath setting it at his side.
Tony let out a jubilant yell, “Train stopped Captain Bossy, I wanna see!”
Tony couldn’t help it, he laughed, “Sort of what I do love.”
"Ok, love you," Steve replied, Tony, grinning as he tried to picture the face Peter was no doubt making, and his nose crinkled as he smiled.
Tugging his boots back on he stood, it wasn't ideal to fight in the buff, but he wasn't going to back down either. A small gasp behind him caught his attention, as he quickly turned gun aimed as he glanced over the counter, relaxing his finger on the trigger just a quick when he realized it was ten or so civilians huddled together hiding.
"Did I fall asleep on your love?" Steve rasped, feeling his lips turn down.
"Thank you," he rasped before he turned to Peter and the pair were headed out.
He recognized the Cap’s voice.
Bucky managed to find his voice finally, “You need to stop the train.”
“I’m so very sorry Steve.”
Well, maybe some fun in bed before sleep.
It took a while for things to settle.
His lover hummed pleased lapping at him, cleaning him up before pulling off and climbing back up his body. He paused a moment to throw off his shirt, before wiggling out of his boxers. Steve readily welcoming him with a deep kiss, tasting himself on those swollen lips.
“What….I mean how…who?” Bucky was stumbling all over himself.
-#-#-#-
He sighed, spotting Anthony, his love didn’t look happy either, a frown creasing his brow as reporters swarmed around him. Steve felt unease curl in his gut, “What’s going on?” he rasped to Bucky, noting the other others looked tired and despondent as well.
Steve grunted absently in reply, fishing out a container of leftover. Setting it in the microwave to reheat he leaned back against the counter, arms crossed as he waited for the beep. Idly he glanced at the whiteboard, one of the messages made him hesitate. He recognized his barely legible writing, and suddenly he was remembering.
"Friday will, sleep," Steve's voice was a husky rumbled.
“You’re shitting me! I need to see this,” Tony insisted.
It was a personal mission, and one that had initially seemed fairly straightforward but he was now realizing was perhaps more complex then he’d thought. It didn’t help that the city had been hit by a cold snap the day before and he could all but smell the snow in the air, which was doing nothing to approve his mood. His shoulder ached and he was running short on patience.
"Christ Rogers, could you be more awkward?”
Tony tried not to sigh too sappily, Steve was perhaps one of the sweetest people he's ever met. He was honest to a fault and completely genuine. Steve was never anything other than himself.
-#-#-#-
Anthony squeezed his palm, “You are such a sap,” he replied smiling all the same.
movies.
Ok so no big deal, not at all, they had families.
“Christmas Party at the Compound,” Steve said briskly, Lang blinked at him a solid minute before he responded.
“Me,” a beautifully rough voice answered.
Carol idly poked at a spongey tree, watching curiously as it moved, then giggled. Around her feet, small little balls of fur hummed and squeaked in a bid to get her attention. She had thought the planet was deserted but apparently, it was infested with these odd little fuzzballs.
“It’s wonderful Bucky, thanks,” Anthony grinned at him.
“I need some help,” he began, “I need you to keep Anthony busy until Christmas Eve.”
Peter sighed looking at his phone, no missed messages, and it was 7:30. He glanced towards the doors of the gym, he could hear the bass thumping from out here, the happy cries and excited yells from the others. He glanced down at his cheap Spiderman costume, Ned had thought it had been clever, Peter had secretly thought so too. Only now, without Mr. Stark, he was thinking maybe he should just slip away…
“No, I’m sorry…you have done nothing wrong. Are your wrists ok?”
“Our bartender will get you whatever you like,” she simpered. Steve eyed her before focusing on the group gathering around, all arguing loudly about what they wanted to order.
He thought the big man’s lips may have twitched, “Yeah, we’re going on a mission.”
Steve rested his hands on Anthony’s waist gently rubbing his thumbs along his hip bones. The smaller man sagged against him, and Steve held him close, “I’m not going to take that from you sweetheart, we’re going to have a real Christmas.”
He was smiling at him softly, looking as if he was about to speak before, “Come on Tony lets go karaoke is calling!”
Steve hummed still staring at the blank canvas.
“Steve is fine, sorry he’s in a meeting, Friday put you through to me.”
“Tony this is a huge deal, the investors aren’t comfortable unless you’re there…they’re threatening to nix the whole deal.”
He opened the notification, Steve was indeed trending again, and it wasn’t hard to see why. Someone had snapped a candid picture of his boyfriend in Central Park, holding, of all things, a small black kitten. The poster had simply captioned it with a heart emoji and #Winterstolemyheart.
Worrying at the cuffs he tried to slip them over his hands, unsuccessfully trying to keep the tears from falling. He gave a frustrated moan when the cuffs stuck on his hands if he could just…
“Look at this the use of colour, the unity of the piece…you can feel the emotion rolling off them.”
Tony pulled back a little, warm brown eye almost amber in the low light, staring at him a long while before a small soft smile crept across his features.
Vison was smiling too, “Sounds like you’ve had an adventure, why don’t you join us of lunch?”
Steve felt his lips twitch, “Gonna break the internet,” he grunted carrying on.
The kid's head snapped up so fast T'Challa winced for him. Eagerly he nodded and the pair were headed off, Peter pausing, "We here for a little bit?”
“You made it really easy on us, walked right into me…literally,” the man laughed.
Nodding he making his way across the crowded dining room, Steve was gone but as he stepped out of the main room and into the hallway he spotted him near the coatroom.
He waited for a few racing heartbeats before he took another inhale, chest easing as he sighed wiping sweat from his forehead with a trembling hand.
Married, they had been married.
Carol felt her lips twitch, now it was making sense.
“It’ll be fine, it’ll heal, always does,” he assured the other man softly, Steve watching as he offered a small smile to Sam, the other man returning in. Face inches apart in the currently wreaked Boston street. Steve felt his lips twitched amused, realizing the pair had no idea he was even there; they were completely in a world of their own.
The teen nodded eagerly, and Hank couldn’t help but get caught up in his youthful enthusiasm, as he showed him around. Peter was clearly an intelligent young man.
“There one here that someone set to
“Controls are jammed hang tight just gonna…” he trailed off and suddenly there was a scream of metal and a juddering thud, Steve who’d been standing near the edge of the car holding a goon by the neck, felt the car under him thud against the other. Unable to catch his balance both he and goon he held were thrown from the moving training.
“Steve,” he breathed, slumping back in his chair, “How are things love?”
“Steve!”
Steve blinked sluggish dragging himself to wakefulness.
Laughing a flushed Anthony made his way over pressing a hot open-mouthed kiss on him. There were more cheers from the party as Steve pulled Anthony into his lap deepening the contact. It was long moments before they parted, Steve swiping a metal thumb across his cheek as he smiled at his husband.
“Hey Rhodes, what’s up?” he yawned.
“Heya beautiful,” he mumbled wincing a little around the bruising.
“I miss you too,” Steve’s tone was warm, soft, and everything Tony needed. It heated his chest and made his heart stutter.
“Pep…last night at the SI party…Steve doesn’t remember Christmas, he asked what the party was for.”
Anthony's ministrations soon had him hard again, and he found himself shifting the lithe man slightly so they could grind together. Tony huffed a small moan before he reached for Steve's left bringing his metal fingers to touch the most intimate part of him, pressing the fingers into himself.
Dazed he leaned into the other man, still trying to fight for air as the navigated twisting hallways. Rounding one corner metal fingers gently covered his eyes.
Forgetting the food, he headed back towards his room, “Time Friday?”
Nodding his thanks again, Peter was suddenly hugging him. Tony somewhat used to it by now, patted him gently on the back before releasing him, then much to his surprise, and Tony was sure the surprise of Steve, Peter hugged him too.
“I’m sorry, but no,” Tony said calmly, “I’m engaged to a man I love very much, and this is borderline harassment.” The young man gave a small gasp as Tony twisted his arm a little to remind him of his predicament.
Anthony grinned, “August?”
Steve nodded, “Yes that, can I make that work?”
Steve gasped, moaning softly before he felt Tony move sitting up, easily manhandling him upright, tenderly pulling off the loose t-shirt, before shedding his own. Steve gasped softly eyes immediately on the soft blue glow in his chest, the pulsing light between them. Fascinated he forgot for a moment the about his own skinny self until Tony was leaning over him running his hands across the taught skin of his hips, and the raised ridges of his ribs.
Be blinked sure he was hallucinating, before he rubbed his eyes roughly, he must be dreaming there was no way…
“Oh love,” Anthony said quietly, gently turning it over, “Is it hurting?”
Steve felt his head bobbing again, Tony smiled leaning up to kiss him on the cheek before he was moving back out of the bathroom.
"Peter…Ummm I think the Winter Solider is here to see you.”
Anthony licked his lips, and Steve could feel himself hardening in his sweat pants.
Tony frowned sitting back in the chair, “Maybe,” he allowed.
She stared at the man in shock, eyes flicking to an amused looking Strange. She cocked an eyebrow at him, and he returned the look with a small shake of his head. She looked back to the large man, steely blue eyes never wavering.  There wasn’t a trace of embarrassment on his face as he waited for her to reply. Just determination and infinite patience.
He’d been doing so well, Steve hadn’t had a bad day in a couple months.
“Your majesty,” the big man inclined his head.
Tony didn’t say a word marching through his bedroom and into the ensuite
Pepper leaned in beside him looking at the screen, “Steve could pull those off.”
He was back, blinking up at Tony, when had he laid down?
Rhodes exhaled on the phone, “Yeah, I didn’t think it was true.”
“Steve, love?” he called spotting the lump on the bed immediately. For such a big man, he had curled up so small, Tony felt his heartache. He saw the arm on the bed, glinting dully in light, it must have been bad.
“I find talking to people face to face more effective, I’m old school like that.”
“Looking for Strange,” Steve answered briskly, Wong nodded beckoning them to follow.
-#-#-#-
Shaking his head, Tony glanced down at the menu as well, the place was some small, modern little bar near the hotel they were staying at in London; and the prices were outrageous. He barely looked though too busy focused on the bend and flex of muscles as under that shirt.
She hesitated a moment, "I think I just had a major issue with this Swiss investor I was just leaving to see….I'll have to bring Tony along if that's ok with you?"
“Thanks, Mr. Stark,” he breathed looking like he was maybe close to tears. Anthony tapped his chest the metal folding away into the housing unit. Steve shook his head at the gasps of amazement around him.
Steve gently nudged the youth gesturing him forward, Peter shook his head. Steve sighed taking the cup of punch from Peter’s hands he pushed him gently towards Anthony. He looked terrified.
Peter glanced at the broad back rolling his eyes, he had learned that despite Sarg’s size, and gruff tone he was actually a really sweet person. He felt his lips twitch as he shook his head, as if he was going to stay behind. He was having a blast with Sergeant  Rogers, they’d been everywhere, and they still weren’t done yet.
"Businessman in a hotel bar, finding a lonely man sitting at the bar,” he started, seeing Anthony discreetly adjust himself.
“—not who I pictured.”
Bruce cocked his head to the side curious.
It hadn’t been a good day.
Grinning he moved to the bigger man gently taking his hand and pulling him close, “Care to dance?” he teased.
Steve was torn between pleasure and embarrassment.
“Everything ok?” Pepper asked, concern knitting her brow.
“What do you think?” Anthony was so quiet that Steve wasn’t sure he’d heard him.
He couldn’t find the words so he kissed him, pouring all the emotion he couldn’t voice into it. Anthony responding immediately pulling him close as they deepened the contact. Steve moved his hand down his throat, touching gently at his clavicle before heading to his waist and under the loose t-shirt he wore.
"Bruce, you ok?" Tony asked.
Steve didn’t look up, staring sightlessly at the bar, seeing that soft smile, and those inviting lips.
“Tony, I have the last of the RSVP’s, and the final count for the caterer, I swear she is terrified of Bucky at this point she had to make a last-minute change and-” Pepper cut of and Tony turned looking towards the women curiously.
Yes, he loved his ring.
Anthony nodded pulling back the amour of his hand reaching up and pressing the concealed release near his shoulder joint. The arm disconnected and Steve took a shaky breath the pain gone.
Anthony’s dark brows rose, and Steve watched as he perked up, suddenly intent, “Oh yeah? Go on.”
“Therapist recommended a hobby, never painted, thought I’d try it.”
“Steve?” he asked making sure he wasn’t imagining things.
Carefully he unlocked it with his right hand, he’d broken more than his fair share of the things, and he always felt bad when he had to ask Anthony for another.
Steve nodded, looking understanding, without a word he was lifting him into his arms, Tony used to the manhandling by now leaned against a wide shoulder as he was carried into their shared bedroom and gently deposited on the bed.
“Hate to be on your bad side,” his James teased.
He felt Steve shift, his right hand moving between them to press his arc retracting his armour. Tony had programed in Steve’s biometric signature so he could call back the suit if needed. He didn’t even twitch as it disappeared around him folding back into the housing around the arc.
He really shouldn’t have got his hopes up, Mr. Stark was amazing, but he’s known him coming was going to be a long shot.  He’d seen the news today there’d been trouble around Massachusetts and the Avengers had been called out, no doubt they were still there.
Just as the thoughts crossed his head he felt Steve pulling back, his kisses and wandering hands stopping.
The man smiled then, a wicked look in his one visible eye, "One-month field training."
His lover gave him a shrug, looking anything but contrite.
Steve grunted in agreement, Tony wrapping his arms around his boyfriend, completely ignoring the protests of Buck and Sam. It wasn’t the Halloween he’d been planning, but it’d all turned out in the end.
Calmer, Tony pulled back resting his forehead against his husband as he felt a metal thumb gently swipe at the tears on his cheeks.
“No…let me take care of you,” he mumbled and Steve obligingly returned his hand to his hips holding him as Tony kissed and caressed, every so often digging his weeping erection into the juncture of his hip, seemingly in no hurry to end things.
Pulling his mask down Steve spotted movement off to his right, turning he felt his lips twitch up in a smile.
“Sweet mercy,” he all but whimpered.
Anthony absently kissed his cheek in thanks before eating the offered food.
“Steve,” his name fell softly and Steve didn’t have words to answer him back, he just wanted to feel. He grabbed the hand on his waist bringing it under his borrowed shirt, pressing the warm palm against his lower abdomen.
“Here are some chips maybe take these in, and I’ll start some popcorn.” Tony grinned at him, before leaning forward a kissing him on the nose.
She texted back glancing surreptitiously at Tony, but he was occupied with the contract.
He closed his eyes trying to breathe through his nose as he worked through his situation. He could honestly say he’d never been kidnapped before…he felt a bitter smile twist his lips. Working his wrists again he twisted them further down, flattening his hand and trying to wiggle the cuff off.
"Need your signature on these Tony," Pepper bustled in,  papers in hand.
There was a soft sad noise, “Oh Steve..”
It had been a busy few months Avengers wise, and with SI, it felt like they hadn’t had much time together lately, and as much as Tony loved Christmas, this year the idea of just being with Steve was what appealed to him most.
“Tony?” Pepper called out in surprise as he walked by her towards his office.
So, they sat in silence a long while, Anthony eating most of the tray before he finally spoke, “I had a shitty day,” he finally breathed looking at the distant wall of the workshop. Steve nodded, he understood some days were just shitty.
Steve rocked them humming brokenly until Anthony calmed.
Steve made his way to the workshop tray balanced on his hand. He knew Anthony was in a sour mood, he’d got pretty good at reading his moods, and usually if he stormed off to the workshop without saying anything to anyone that was a pretty good indicator that he was not pleased.
Shocked he blinked, then blinked again to make sure he wasn’t seeing things. Nope, that was indeed Steve Rogers standing there. Eyes darting from the ranting Tony to Steve he was about to say something to his friend when he saw the big blonde press a finger to his lips. Bruce closed his mouth with a clack.
“Australia would be nice, I’ve heard good things,” Bucky chimed in for once not giving trouble about chatter.
Tony whined as Steve reached out a metal arm snagging the side of the boxcar and hauling himself off the horse and onto the train. The horse galloped away and Steve pulled himself back onto the boxcar nonchalantly.
“Right, he ummmm…Mr. Stark said he’d come, lend some validity to my internship,” Peter explained.
He blinked, a sharp ache behind his eyes.
Tony hummed glancing up at him with a wry smile, “Sorry to unload on you Bruce, how’s the conference going?”
“Yes, we had Halloween, just wasn’t as big as now,” Bucky grumbled sounding indigent.
Still, Bora Bora had sounded nice…
“What’s wrong Sam?”
“Not your fault…JARVIS told me what happened,” Tony sounded pissed again, his anger palpable.
"For what?" Steve asked the phone crackled again making his voice sound distant and disjointed.
“I had some help,” Steve rasped nodding towards Peter.
“If I was stronger,” he mumbled against the material of his t-shirt.
"Thor we've been over this how many times…beer please," an exasperated dark-haired man requested with a sunny smile, “For me and the big guy.”
“No James, I don’t want to hear it.”
-#-#-#-
“That was so cool,” Peter gushed as he hurried to keep pace.
He smiled at her wickedly, “I think I’ll start with a very skimpy bathing suit.”
“Ok?” he rasped blue eyes looking at him intently.
-#-#-#-
-#-#-#-
“Anthony,” he rasped.
Pale blue eyes never left the screen, “He’s here?”
He snuggled close to his fiancée with a sigh, “Still may pay that ass who accosted you a visit though...” he rumbled threating.
His husband was silent a long while as they enjoyed the closeness, Steve unconsciously swaying to the music.
Steve didn’t say a word simply quirked a brow, he felt Peter shift a little closer to him the air rife with an uneasy tension. Steve was well used to it by now, people were generally uncomfortable around him. Only Peter seemed different, the kid wasn't intimidated by him.
Right away Tony had decided to book a two-week vacation somewhere warm, he knew how much Steve disliked the cold, not that he would say a word. His imagination had already conjured up a fantasy of sun, surf, and them; clothing optional.
Those bright eyes crinkled again and Anthony was laughing, Steve hummed pleased, he loved the sound of his laugh.
“- broke Twitter today, with almost a million likes and re-tweets in just a few hours,” Tony picked up in the middle of the story as they flashed to a photo that had the hammer in Tony’s hand falling to the ground with a resounding clang. It was his Steve in those ridiculously tight, pink, shorts, unlaced combat boots, rifle on his shoulder standing before a broken coffee shop window.
“I’m coming birdbrain…” the man gritted out before he was turning back to Steve. With one last sweet smile he was sliding bills across the bar, before with a wink he was turning and the group was leaving as loudly as they came.
“Yes, but Boss is currently in an important meeting, and it seems urgent.”
Steve pulled him a little closer, “Yeah?”
Steve didn’t often think about what he wore, cloths were cloths.
Tony groaned, “You’ve got to be shitting me…”
Parting Anthony grinned, pecking one last kiss on him before settling against him nuzzling close. Content Steve held him as he looked out over the others dancing in the sand under the soft lights. A slow song had started and Steve was watching Buck and Sam draw close, wondering if perhaps there was another wedding in their future.
“Anyway,” Tony shifted, trying to mask the wince as he faced him, Steve watching his movements closely, curiously.
“Sargent Rogers has been in bed all day,” she answered.
Bucky just stared at him.
“Rise and shine,” a deep gruff voice spoke nearby.
He nodded offering the man a hopeful smile. Sergeant Rogers was moving to sit beside him, Peter hurrying to follow suit.
Listening to the others in his ear he could hear the shift of battle. Soon the sounds of scattering rubble had him tensing, unable to do more.
“Yes, I’m out for lunch with Peter.”
Steve nodded dutifully following along, he had no idea what the party was for, but overall he felt he was getting pretty good at these social functions. Anthony had a lot of them to attend and he’d just accepted it as part of what it meant to be Anthony Stark’s boyfriend, he didn’t mind too much there was always food.
Steve absently listened as he made his way towards the red and gold figure standing off to the side of the group. Anthony spotted him making his way towards him offering a smile, Steve pulled his earpiece out the others still talking.
Sitting on the edge of it he felt one warm hand, and one cool metal one lifting his shirt. Automatically he lifted his arms, before reaching for his sweats. Gentle fingers stalled his movements, Steve shaking his head gently before he was crawling onto the bed, lifting Tony with him. Unsure but trusting Steve implicitly he allowed himself be arranged, Steve sat against the headboard legs outstretched, Tony between them head resting against a powerful thigh.
Steve navigated the crowed, politely nodding when he was stopped and offered congratulations. Reaching the bar, he returned their empty glasses ordering Anthony another while accepting a couple of appetizers from the trays as they moved by.
The video flipped to Steve practically bent in half in a window sill fast asleep, Tony took a moment to recognize Shuri’s workshop.
“What makes you think he’ll pay,” Steve mumbled, carefully moving his arms, allowing the circle of the cuff to rest against his wrists.
The others chuckled, Steve frowned curious, “Halloween?” he grunted out, mind drawing a blank, but the word sounded familiar.
Bucky punched another sending him back down between the cards before turning. He blinked, then blinked again just to make sure he wasn't seeing things.
“So fucking good, love you…love when you fuck me, oh my god.”
“What’d he say?” Bucky looked from Tony to Sam curious.
“So where are you and Rhodey bear off too?”
“Was thinking there was a lot of new faces out there,” Anthony replied softly.
Steve tried to focus on his breathing getting his racing heart under control as Tony swiftly moved them.
The pressure around his ankles released and Tony was helping him up, Steve went gasping.
“Parker, Peter Parker,” the kid was before him, eagerly shaking his hand. Hank winced kid had a serious grip.
The big man opened his mouth to answer when a new voice piped up, “Sergeant Rogers did you see!?”
He realized he’d been silent a long while, completely lost in the sudden fantasy, he had no idea what he’d ask.
“Sargent Rogers is currently at Midtown High School.”
He glanced at himself, smoothing his hands over the light beige slacks, and crisp white shirt. They were keeping it simple, cool and light for the beach ceremony, not getting overly fussed with what they were wearing.
Finished he put his bag away and headed to the kitchen to get some lunch, curious at how quiet the common areas were. Usually, there were people all over.
“Who is it?”  Janet asked turning on her stool curiously.
Rocket was having the time of his life.
The doors at the far end of the hall banged open drawing his attention then. Curious Peter squinted, a massive figure was striding towards him, footsteps echoing heavily in the silent hallway. Suddenly nervous he shifted uneasily, there was something oddly familiar about whoever it was.
Rolling a towel, he set it on the lip of the tub before guiding the man to lean back, resting as the warm water began to work. Tony kissed his forehead gently, “Relax love, I’ll be right back.”
“What?” Sam, Buck, and Clint all looked at him curiously.
Steve gave another shrug, Tony huffing an amused chuckle, but said nothing more as Steve lead them a couple more blocks to his favourite diner. Entering he gave a small wave to the waitress before taking his usual corner booth. Sliding in he watched as Tony glanced around, cringing a little as he realized that he’d just taken Tony Stark, billionaire, superhero, to a little dive diner.
“Sorry, yes, I would like that very much.”
“I am Groot?”
He was handcuffed to a chair.
“Worth it,” he winked at him as he slid off the bed, pausing he reached out Steve eagerly took it following as Anthony lead them to the bathroom.
“Someone tell me what is going on!” Tony all but wailed.
Before he knew it, it was last call, and the crowd had dwindled down moving on for more drinks and dancing at one of the nearby night clubs. Wiping down the bar he spotted the manger heading to the door to lock up when yelling and laughing drew his attention. Curious he glanced up as a small group bustled, the people vaguely familiar.
“Well I guess I better get over there, Steve may need back up,” he teased tapping at his chest.
His breath stuttered as Anthony plucked at his nipples, turning his head he leaned deeper into the embrace capturing those teasing lips for a searing kiss. Anthony hummed against his lips, and Steve could feel him vibrating against his back.
-#-#-#-
“Would you be…” a stick snapping behind him gave him pause, he whipped around scanning the tree line, eyes narrowed.
Steve bent for a kiss, pausing inches from sweet lips, “Don’t care where we go, as long as I’m with you.”
“Yeah…” he breathed, as Tony shifting off the bed, Steve caught his breath the ache in his head, so real and vivid, it was Tony…only it wasn’t Tony.
-#-#-#-
Steve nodded glancing blearily around, the world looked and sounded like it was in a thick haze. He felt sluggish, distant from himself as if he was watching a movie.
He started as a warm cloth was pressed against him washing him clean. Too tired and relaxed he couldn't even muster up the energy to be embarrassed. Shivering as warm hands left him, he was only alone for a second before Tony was back gathering them close and covering them with thick blankets.
“Still why are you here in the first place?” Gamora addressed the blonde directly.
"I've had better days," the voice rasped, thick, and rusty with misuse.
“I’ll have the same,” Tony smiling charmingly, she nodded clearly not impressed as she left.
“The press and tearing him apart,” Sam answered and Bucky winced.
Clean he stepped out of the shower towelling off when he heard the faint cry from the bedroom. Worried he wrapped a towel around his waist stepping into the darkened room. He spotted his husband immediately, the blue glow in his chest heaving with his breath.
Before he could ask though, the elevator had arrived and a wash of music and laughter hit them as the doors opened. Grinning Anthony pecked him on the cheek before he was off the elevator waving to people he knew.
“Damit,” he swore, before offering Steve an apologetic smile, “Raincheck?
Finally meeting those dark eyes he drew a breath just as the man’s phone rang. He cursed grabbing the device off the bar and frowning at it furiously.
“Definitely going to buy you another pair of leather pants," he mumbled against his lips.
“Captain Barnes left the water and shakes outside Boss,” Friday’s voice was muted, soft.
He clenched his teeth at the stretch unable to help the small whimper that escaped his lips. He felt Tony slide just past the ring of muscle and pause, Steve breathed through his nose as he tried to relax, Tony was pressing kisses to spine again murmuring against him.
He gasped chest heaving, realizing he was on the floor a panicked looking Tony holding him close.
Steve reached up with his real hand grabbing hold of Tony’s arm holding it, grounding himself.
"Go on than Friday."
“I liked Japan,” Clint added in his two sense as the battle started winding down, aliens having decided that perhaps Earth wasn’t as easy a target as they’d thought.
Pepper snorted a laugh as she sorted the papers, “I take it you two are headed somewhere warm then?”
-#-#-#-
“On second thought Fri, don’t cancel those reservations see if you can push them back a week.”
It was almost comical the way the ex-assassin looked completely disarmed by the simple show of gratitude. He awkwardly returned the hug before Peter was pulling away from his grin somewhat watery.
-#-#-#-
Standing he stretched as Rhodey’s voice echoed through the speakers, “Tones?”
It was the only warning he had seconds before whatever the hell large ass lizard grabbed him by the waist and hauled him upwards.
Adding crackers, and ginger ale to the tray he picked it up heading for the bedroom. He was worried about his boyfriend, Bruce had assured him it was just nasty flu, but his heart broke for him. He didn't get sick, or at least he couldn't remember the last time he’d been sick.
Stark shook his head, “I’m good.”
T’Challa grinned up at him, he could honestly say he had never met a man like Steve Rogers.
Pepper couldn’t help the small chuckle that bubbled up, she shook her head. She really shouldn’t be surprised, no one in their right mind was going to challenge the Winter Solider.
Anthony had just had the place rebuilt, and had promised him he would take him to his private beachfront.
The teen gave a small wave before moving back to join his friends, and Tony noted the others looking at the kid with something akin to awe in their faces. Tony was pleased, even if it was a small thing, he was happy they could help out a little.
Steve felt bad as a look of  hurt crept across the teens face, “Sure thing Sarge,” he nodded trying to put on a brave face.
"So we're in the middle of a firefight when out of nowhere Stevie shows up like a goddamn avenging angel, calm as you please,” Bucky waved his hands for emphasis as everyone laughed.
Tony didn’t think his eyebrows went that high, he looked back at the work; still unable to see it.
Moving quickly his lover first freed his leg before turning his attention to his arm. It took some work between the two of them but they managed to clear it, revealing his limb to be a mangled mess.
At least that had been the plan right up until some cliché witch had ruined it. Now he was just wanted a quiet night in, he guessed he was getting domesticated.
He wasn’t in the greatest of moods, it was their anniversary today, and Steve had big plans…really big plans. He knew Anthony had dinner reservations, or judging by the time now, had dinner reservations. They’d even had tickets to see
Alone he exhaled, running a hand through dark hair. Today really could not get any worse.
“Don’t do what you were doing,” Steve answered.
The blurred outline made its way across the room, coming to sit on the lip of the tub, “Ok?”
Steve held him tight, as Tony tried desperately to collected himself.
“I’m going to let you go, and you’re going to walk out of here without making a scene, and we’ll pretend like this never happened.” Tony waited for the young man to nod before he released him stepping back and allowing the other to scuttle out.
The papers fluttered to the floor as he threw himself across the room and onto the bed of his husband, babbling and crying, borderline hysterical.
Wong moved aside waving them in, Steve slowly stepped inside the oppressive feeling building. He had been a few times, but it wasn't his favourite place to visit, the air felt oddly thick and heavy.
As they moved further into the lab, Janet was introducing herself to the Sergeant, offering him tea, “What brings you here Sergeant  Rogers?”
-#-#-#-
“I love it,” Tony said brightly grabbing one of the plastic menus and eagerly reading it over. Surprised Steve glanced down at his hands, “Any recommendations?”
Steve jolted glancing up at him, how did he know?
Apparently, he hadn't made it.
Setting down the tray he settled on the edge of the bed carding he right hand through dark hair, “Anthony,” he rasped watching as his face scrunched up and he coughed weakly.
Surprised he looked down, he’d almost forgot he was wearing them. Shaking his head, he started working on shimming out of the leather. Anthony laughed watching amusedly. Steve fought with the pants for long moments before he gave up and just ripped them off.
-#-#-#-
Steve felt his chest squeeze, the words strung more then he would have thought.
Tony cursed, Bucky looked at him worry on every line of his face.
Peter tried to tromp down his disappointment.
Frowning Steve ran a dirty hair through greasy hair, “New SI announcement?”
“Sir, Mr. Stark…you came, I’m so happy,” Peter gushed.
James nodded, it was not the ideal conditions for a rescue, the severe snowstorm was good for cover but not so good to get out of again. They had no idea just who or what was waiting from them in the base below; he hated flying blind.
“Steve?” the voice was panicked and plaintive.
“Yeah…no dice I guess, everyone’s busy. I understand it was very last minute.”
He hissed, whimpering clenching his hands as his own erection dripped between his legs heavy and hard, he felt loose, his limbs trembling as Tony worked him before he felt a slick finger gently pressing into him. Steve arched back into the finger wanting more. His brain was absolute mush as Tony slide in a second digit, crooking them so perfectly stars danced behind his eyes and more precum dribbled from him soaking the bed below.
He felt Steve lean into him, the big man offering comfort, Tony absently patted his knee.
Brown eyes regarded him intently for a moment before he nodded sharply setting aside his tools and heading for the tray. Steve followed, waiting patiently. He knew better than to push. Pushing would just get his back up and start a fight.
Rocket rolled his eyes, leave it to Quill.
Steve tried not to blink too much but the camera flashes didn’t let up. He moved closer to Anthony fingers tangled together, as he fiancée stood before the plethora of microphones.
A distant sound made him pause, his hearing was garbage without his hearing aid, but he was sure…it came again. He held his breath, heart pounding hard in his chest, it was almost like a clanging, people yelling?
He was looking at it again, blue eyes a little distant and dreamy.
“Could you return with Tony tomorrow, and be at the Compound for Friday?” Steve rasped.
Rocket chuckled, “Yeah… and I’ll get that arm.”
The man looked at him face expressionless, blue eyes intense, “I need your help.”
He reached out his arms and Steve went willingly gathering him close as he kissed dark hair.
-#-#-#-
“Christmas?”
He caught Anthony to his chest as the man collapsed forward with a small moan of contentment, nuzzling into his neck with a sigh, “Great start to Christmas…” he mumbled.
