After a while Mycroft retires as well, citing important business (there were mumblings about Bosnia and re-elections).
He likes to think he’s a simple man. Minimalistic, they call it these days. He doesn’t need, doesn’t ask for much. He doesn’t think it’s too much to ask to not pass your life watching your loved ones die, is it?
“Well, as long as the Prime Minister is happy,” Sherlock says as he puts his gloves on and slams the back door of the car.
“She was good. Very good. She was hard to read and though it’s rare, it’s been known to happen before. Mostly with women.”
“I think she honestly doesn’t know.”
“They did, it was horrible.” Sherlock frowns. “But then came the months in the safehouse. Not a chickpea in sight.”
“Nothing that’s worth repeating, John,” Sherlock says. "I beg you to leave it alone, John, please."
“Sherlock, come on, wake up. That’s amazing news.” John says, crossing his arms. “I know you’re not entirely familiar with social mores, but being exonerated from a cold-blooded murder is generally considered a good thing.”
“I’m so sorry.” John says, shaking his head.
He looks humiliated, broken, defeated. The great Major, unflinching in the face of war, death, and loneliness looks like he had just taken the final and most definite blow.
David nods. “How so?”
"Yeah, just make sure she doesn't hit her head on anything. I’ll be right back,” John says, unaware that his words just sent Sherlock's brain into a terrifying tailspin. In an instant, he runs an inventory and realizes the entire flat is a baby deathtrap. She could crack her head on every piece of furniture.
The showdown, such as it is, catches them by surprise a few days after Christopher Lyons gave Sherlock his business card.
Mycroft leaves. John stays to weather the storm.
John looks around, scanning the area. When he finds what he’s looking for he heads towards the lonely nearby vendor, determination in his step.
Everyone at the table sighs loudly, far too familiar with this ritual.
They pass by a pond and ducks and dogs but John doesn’t take part in their exploration. Between seeing James walk away from them a defeated man and his disappointment with Sherlock, John is not a chatty mood.
“Sherlock, stealing army property is—”
A car stops in front of Mary and the woman standing next to her, and they walk over, opening the backseat door. A heavily pregnant woman steps out, grabbing her belly anxiously as she holds on to the car. Mary and her friend reach out immediately, holding her up.
“I’m sure you know I’ve been thinking about many things.”
John's heart sinks. He looks at Sherlock, still quiet and detached.
“Right.” The photographer nods. He turns to David, gesturing towards the middle of the sitting room. “All right then, Corporal? I’m going to need you to stand here,” the man says, grabbing David’s arm in order to push him in the right direction. He jumps nervously at the touch, flexing his hand unconsciously. “Sorry…” the photographer says. “No touching. Got you. Er, if you could just stand here”—he points at a piece of tape on the floor—“and look ever so slightly at the window.”
“Yes.” She nods. “It was Maureen who I chatted with. She sounded very... excited.”
John sits down next to Sherlock. They’re silent the entire ride. When John takes Sherlock’s hand in his, Sherlock lets him.
They’re in a huge car park located less than a minute from The Sawyer, the hotel Alexander had been staying since leaving James’ house. It’s dark and John has to narrow his eyes to read Alexander’s facial expression.
“I don’t want to hear his name anymore,” David says coldly, his voice raising, as if in imitation of Alison. “
“You’ve made up your mind.”
“I don’t know who
Then he hears it, a soft baritone murmur: “Bye, Nosy Rosie.”
John steps over and passes Rosie’s warm, pliable body from Sherlock’s chest to his own.
They both inhale sharply when John ruts and grinds against Sherlock again. They exchange a long, meaningful look when they realize they’re both hard.
Sherlock eyes John suspiciously.
The photograph, now framed, is the first thing John unpacks three weeks later when he finishes hauling the last two duffle bags into Sherlock’s (read: their) bedroom.
“According to the book I read, Watson should be able to mimic complex facial expressions by now,” Sherlock explains while staring into Rosie’s eyes.
prompting another incredulous huff from John.
“Listen to me, shortarse,” Aldridge spits, his face twisting with anger. “If you were really the army man you claim to be you’d know very well we don’t air our dirty laundry out in public, because no one understands. Do you hear me? No one!”
John shakes his head, turning his eyes towards the carpet. It’s a signal for David to continue.
“Hm.” John hums. “Only one glass for you, though. Unless you’re done with the ibuprofen for the day.”
“I’m going to have to disclose something like this. There's no chance they won't be withdrawing the offer.” John says. “And I have to tell Mary, and Harry—”
? Did you want me to
“Who?” Mrs Hudson comes over, just as curious.
“I wasn’t sure if you’d remember me, I’m a few years older after all,” the woman continues unperturbed, “and we emigrated to America when I met my husband, but… I’ve been reading your blog for years. I keep telling my students I remember you from when you were this tall.”
John considers saying hello but senses this is a conversation that shouldn’t be interrupted. He hears Rosie call out to Sherlock again, frustrated with his lack of response. The lights change to green and John moves.
“I’ll need a lot more than that to go on if we’re to launch a full-on investigation, Sherlock.” Mycroft raises an eyebrow.
“Thank you for doing this.”
It takes him ten full minutes to regain his bearings before hailing a cab to his flat.
Sherlock knows they've been caught when she blows a raspberry in the direction of the kitchen. With one last private smile he extracts his nose from her hands. “No cracked heads,” he says, avoiding John's knowing smile. “You said there was a cab waiting?”
“My name is Vivian Norbury,” the woman says. “Lady Smallwood’s deputy.”
"What would you like to know about the drugs, John? That the man you've known to be a drug addict for years succumbed yet again while leaving for a suicide mission? A suicide mission he didn't know about until he left prison for the airport?" Sherlock threw the words at John's face, nearly spitting.
“Hiya, Gem!” Mary says, her attention drawn from searching through the supply cupboard in her office. “Alright?”
He’s still recovering from his breakdown in the flat not 20 minutes ago. Sherlock looks collected and calm, considering the state he’s in.
“Not until you’re ready, though.” John says, noticing but thoroughly misunderstanding Sherlock’s grimace.
“What?!” Sherlock and John ask simultaneously.
“Oh my god.” John says. So Sherlock is right. Something doesn’t end up, indeed.
“John?” Sherlock sizes him up, his eyes sharp and keen and curious.
“You had a full life here, Sherlock. You had friends. You stole Christmas crackers.” John smiles as Sherlock turns to look at him. He gestures towards the general direction of the village. “Did you just delete all of...
“Sherlock, you don’t have to…” John sighs in frustration. “You shouldn’t thank me for being here for you.”
Sherlock only nods wordlessly.
“You do hate the leg work.”
He thinks, the meaning of that laughter hitting him hard.
Liz knocks on John’s office door the following Monday. He’d drowned himself in work all weekend, avoiding Mary’s all-seeing eyes. “I was asked to hand deliver this,” she says, holding out a medium-sized, puffy envelope.
She’d caught him staring.
“I don’t know,” David protests impatiently.
“Incredible,” is all the client manages, his mouth shaped like an O. He looks at Sherlock like he’s the most wonderful thing he’s ever seen.
James was never interested in John. The burst of memories makes his heart pang in that dull way when the thought of an old, dead love is brought front and centre again.
David swallows. He wasn’t sure she’d show up, either. “Well, I did.”
His mind goes back to the period immediately after Eurus. Sherlock’s mother was furious, distraught - justifiedly so. She was the one who did all the talking, spoke harshly. His father was quiet. To John he looked introspective at the time. Maybe in shock, John remembers speculating. Looking back on it, John now sees that silence for what it was.
“Because he begged me to,” David mumbles under his breath, looking up. “He begged me to. He couldn’t stand it anymore.”
“Did you say everything you wanted to say?”
“An adjustment.”
“Before they took you...” She deplores him. “Did he say anything? Was he mad?”
John grinds his teeth loudly.
, he finally admits to himself, his heart in his throat. For some reason, one that maybe is supposed to be very clear to him but isn’t, he’d done something wrong and now Sherlock is taking every measure possible to avoid him.
Lestrade looked confused as well. “John, mate. What’s going on?”
is politicized, Sherlock.” Mycroft’s voice is scathing, “What do you think gave me leverage enough to convince my colleagues to send my cold-blooded murderer of a brother on this rescue mission?”
Along the way they passed a makeshift school, a children's bicycle race, and an endless line of people waiting for humanitarian care packages handed out by a Swiss charity—toilet paper, baby formula, hand sanitizers, heat packs. They talked with a Syrian architect who lost his entire family in Aleppo, an Egyptian DJ hoping to send money back home to his cancer-stricken father, and a maths teacher who escaped Libya mid-coup by a hair's breadth.
John huffs. “But Mary—”
“Of course.” John says and they walk slowly towards the bench. Sherlock stands up and sends a small, polite smile.
Lestrade shrugs. “You never know with these things.”
It occurred to me, thanks to one gentle, kind commenter, that some of you were left confused over the 'Johnlock Endgame' tag I added to the story. I'm an idiot (or perhaps, a bit more kindly - a new, slightly inexperienced writer). The tag and my plans are indeed Johnlock endgame, except that in my head it was always clear that  would take place in Part II. Obviously it wasn't as clear to you, the readers.
“Leave it. He’s a mate, he’ll understand.” John reasons as he leaves the nipple and heads to the clavicle.
Sherlock thinks. '
Sherlock’s eyes widen in surprise. “I was right!”
. That’s a lot to put on a child’s shoulders. It’s not fair.”
“I’m trying to. A lot of things change in a span of a decade,” David says. “Have you heard about this YouTube?”
“My brother believes he is undeserving of one,” Mycroft blurts quickly before any of Sherlock’s unfiltered words leave his mouth.
Sherlock finishes his little speech out of breath, lost in his own world. When he turns to look at John, what he finds is a big, wide smile. A besotted smile, Sherlock realizes. One he hadn’t seen since their first days together.
Rosie is nothing short of delighted over the sights and sounds of the Christmas Market. Right at the centre of the village stand three large, yellow-stoned market halls full of stalls and holiday-themed activities for children. Every storefront is decorated in the spirit of the holiday and the streets are filled with the sounds of tourists and locals as they take in the sights.
“Do you honestly believe I was the only one Magnussen had something on?” she says. “What about Sherlock’s secrets? What did Magnussen have on
“Sherlock?” John says, his heart in his throat. “Sherlock, you asked me to tell you when something’s not good. This is
“Where are you going? Sherlock, come on,” John says. “Don’t go!”
John can’t feel his hands. He wants to say so many things. Pathetic, greedy, unfair things filled with feelings he should not be feeling, not a month before his wedding. “Sherlock?”
. It's never a good sign to find Mycroft Holmes in this flat.
“What is it?” John whispers.
“I mean, I’ve seen some shit in my life,” she said, her voice strangely different. It sent a shiver down his spine. “But this? This is difficult.”
“Look, do you want us to just fuck off?”
he commanded him as John left the bolthole the previous day) and wait for an opportunity to start a conversation with David.
, he tells himself, his breath shallow.
John thinks for a moment when suddenly the realization hits him. “His left side was incapacitated in Afghanistan. He can barely move it.” He says. “He had to learn how to use his right after the injury.”
"Sherlock..." John gaped.
. Peter Knight is all gone, indeed. Pressed suit, black curls, straight-backed but standing away from John, watching a crack in the wall with intense fascination usually reserved for mold in Petri dishes. He’s been waiting, too, John can tell—his coat is on the rack, his phone tossed carelessly on the desk.
“She wasn’t abandoned,” Sherlock whispers. He looks straight into Mrs. Hudson's eyes in the hopes of sounding convincing. “Mary’s coming back.”
“I don’t know yet. This group leaves for two months, but people usually find another group, or continue to another country.”
“How could he possibly be a fan of my career?” the minister asks. “Didn’t he just spend a decade down some hole in the ground?”
“Your words, not mine,” Mycroft says, crossing his legs. “What progress have you made?”
“Mmmmm,” she gurgles contentedly, staring right back.
“His body was found in a landfill near Loudwater by city operators not an hour ago.”
“How can anyone possibly hurt me at an airbase?” David demands. “It’s one of the safest places in the country.”
“Or someone might have passed it along,” Lady Smallwood says.
Sherlock closes his eyes, his body in pain as much as his soul.
John looks down at the bar.
“And now the man you claim to be a threat to your…
He showers her with kisses, inhaling her sweet morning smell. It’s a small reprieve in his otherwise melancholic morning.
“Relax, Dr. Watson,” Mycroft says, “I come bearing good news.”
“No.”
“Around four... maybe five months ago.”
“Right,” John says, drumming his fingers nervously on his knee. “Right, sorry.”
Sherlock sighs. “John, can we not do this now?”
“Here,” she says softly, taking his bag from him. “Walk around a bit, I’ll make us some tea.”
When they arrive Lestrade jogs over to them, his phone in his hand.
“There were sandwiches somewhere along the way,” he grumbles nonchalantly.
He lowers the napkin and looks at her again, his chest opening up with a warm sense of relief. If this woman is indeed so convinced she’ll be able to talk John Watson around, the situation is not at all as dire as he’d thought. She doesn’t know, doesn’t understand John as well as she thinks she does.
“Somebody needs to pull that stick out of her arse,” Gemma whispers as she unlocks the door to her own room, causing Mary to laugh once again. “You alright? An hour ago you were sleeping standing up against that vending machine.”
“Well, that’s the way it always felt to me,” Sherlock whispers.
doesn’t matter... He’s.. he’s water under the bridge.”
, until I'm in a better place. I really want to dedicate some time to finish my FTH fic for discordantwords, as well as another short thing inspired by one of scullyseviltwin's fics.
“Good. Take care of him.”
“It just isn’t.”
, he knows.
“I come here to learn that you spent the night with the man you so diligently convinced me was a suspect, while all this time you’ve been… entangled with him.”
Now, though, there’s a constant emptiness in Sherlock’s eyes that John cannot decipher; the goalposts constantly shift without warning, and John simply isn’t fast enough to catch up.
“John?”
Was this an invitation for..? What exactly? It doesn’t make sense. Doesn’t make sense at all, given their history.
They breathe heavily as John comes down from his climax.
“I did,” David says and John looks up in surprise. “He reached out to me a few days ago and asked if we can have a remote consultation. I don’t usually do that, but he left in the middle of a process so I made an exception.”
"I got what I needed." He says and leaves the room.
“I…” John starts, his heart in his throat with the realization that… “I… I don’t know, Sherlock.”
Confused, John looks around in search of the man. When he follows her stare, he sees Sherlock through a Café’s window.
“But that’s not all of it,” Billy says and begins playing another video file. David leaves the store hastily, sour faced over the legions of reporters shoving microphones in his face. He ignores them, turning his back as he leaves, until one female reporter trails behind him.
David freezes, his body tensing. He turns and looks at her suspiciously. “What did you say?”
“Ernie and I—we grew up together. We were neighbours growing up in Chatham Green. We were born on the same day, in fact. and we were both our families’ black sheep. That’s why we became best friends, really.”
How he longs to be anyone but Sherlock Holmes again.
“No, no. You listen to me. I’m not that kind of man, Sherlock.” John says. “I’m not going back to her. This isn’t…”
“Thank you,” Sherlock mumbles and walks away, already distracted.
His heart beats again.
“He was driving a stolen car...” Sherlock says under his breath. “While loitering in front of a school.”
“Do you know what was going through my head while Gabriel was pointing that gun at you? Do you? Hmm?”
The room falls silent with the heavy weight of Sherlock’s admission. John grinds his teeth in defeat.
“Yes, robbed. From having this. Having us. We could have had this a long time ago.”
But that’s all hyperbole, and in the past now.
John hums, encouraging David to continue.
“For what it’s worth…” John hesitates, picking his word carefully. “For what it’s worth, the thing with James was off-putting, but… it’s… it’s not anymore.”
The entire table turns to look at Mycroft, surprised by the unexpected question.
“Don’t be ridiculous, I don’t do that,” he says, catching the detective’s raised brow. He thinks of Wiggins and Christmas. His Adam's Apple bobs. “Anymore. I don’t do that
David sniffs again. “My timelines… the timelines tend to get blurred in my head sometimes. The things they did. I’m not always sure what’s true and what isn’t.”
“Khoury?” Sherlock asks, his body tensing. “Alive? Who captured him?”
“Took you long enough to admit that.” Sherlock says.
for not realizing these things himself.
, he thinks desperately. He wishes he could say Sherlock Holmes isn’t that man; that he wouldn’t leave John behind willingly, wouldn’t run around the world doing the government’s ugly business, wouldn’t use another person’s heart like that.
“What do you mean?”
“David, you’re not supposed to... Is this an emergency?”
“I have nothing to say to you.”
“I’ve been treating James Sholto for nearly a year and a half. I’m the first professional he reached out to since his accident in Afghanistan. I also helped Alex and James agree on a few things they were unsure about prior to their marriage; their marriage agreement and such. I can’t go into further details than that, I’m sure you understand.”
Sherlock.
Sherlock plans were and still was, to wait. To wait until someone else made a move.
“You could say that.”
“The woman we know as Mary Watson is en route to Morocco via Marseille, as we speak.” Mycroft leans on his umbrella. ”She’s expected to reach her final destination - the Hotel Cecil in Marrakech - by early afternoon tomorrow.”
Sherlock curses out loud, throwing away his headphones.
Sherlock nods back as he opens the door and they walk in. John’s stomach drops when he sees James. His doctor was right; this is a man who hadn’t properly slept in a long, long time. He seems ill, ashen, affected. John notices tiny jerks in his hands despite his rigid form and an unhealthy colouring to his face.
Sherlock swallows he reaches out for John’s belt, opening it and dragging John’s trousers and pants down his thighs.
. He’d wanted a little girl so badly, and there she was. The apple of his eye - never left his sight. She was perfect. So bright, right from the get-go. He used to stay up at night worried about having to give her hand on her wedding one day.”
“Thank you.” Mycroft nods and allows Jenkins to continue with his line of questioning.
“No, of course I’m not sure!”
“Can you imagine me as a father, John? Honestly.”
“Is he suffering now?” Mrs. Holmes asks.
“The work, John.”
John interrupts Sherlock again, now that a thought had suddenly occurred to him. “Is that why you told Thomas we’re not a couple in the shop? Is that something you’re working on with David too?”
He lets his shoulder fall back, disarmed; can’t help but smile back.
"Thank you, Dr. Watson. It is indeed a very sad turn of events." Mycroft says grimly. "I'm here on behalf of my mother, though. I was asked to convince my brother to visit Father in hospital."
time. How could you do that to me?”
John's phone pings. “
“Cheerio,” Mycroft says, umbrella clicking on the floor as he walks. “My best to Dr. Watson.”
The realization hits him like a smack to the face; it’s so simple, so obvious all he can do is laugh, really. “Oh,” he huffs. “Oh, Sherlock.”
“You don’t trust me.” She speaks before has a chance to. “You said you’d forgiven me.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John laughs defeatedly, bitterly. “They were two peas in a fucking pod.”
David looks away, barely-there tears forming in the corners of his eyes.
“We had a conversation a few days ago, Sherlock, and I thought we understood each other. It was difficult for me… to… to... open up like that. But I did. I thought you understood when I told you that this case… that James, they’re not worth any trouble. That I don’t you need you to get hurt over it.”
“Magnussen had information on me, John. I did what I had to do—”
“I told you,” the woman says sweetly. “Just a secretary, but a rather industrious one. I’ve asked you here to advise you to keep off, dear, and mind your own business.”
They all turn to look at David. The man shakes his head cluelessly.
“Can you blame him?” Sherlock asks.
“Hiding in the attic,” Sherlock sighs, sitting back in his chair in frustration.
“Better not do it, then,” John says, amused.
“Positive,” John says, almost apologetically.
“I don’t buy it,” Aldridge says, shaking his pint.
He hadn’t heard from Mycroft since January. He doesn’t know whether that’s good or bad. Does no news mean no developments? Is John supposed to assume that Sherlock is, by now, just plain dead?
“I don’t have time for this,” John says. “Say your piece and leave me alone.”
“I thought you were... free. You took the ring off,” she says.
Later, when John returns to the room with two cups of terrible Yard coffee, Sherlock sneaks a hesitant glance his way.
The argument continues, reaching an impasse. It finally stops when Mycroft is left with no choice but to roll his eyes profusely and cough for attention. He straightens his back and looks at his nails, nonchalant.
“Farah was the home of large power and water plants that served the entire area, including and, most importantly, the NATO forces deployed there. Their mission was to guard those plants.”
“Whatever for?”
John sighs a sigh of relief.
I’ve never been to Nepal; I’m sure it’s lovely. Sherlock is having a bad time so his judgment is clouded.
Finally, a deserving audience for his John material.
“Why would you do that?”
“You’re not a young man anymore-”
And Sherlock smiles, a smile John has never seen before, and he knows that for the first time in his lifetime of misguided, miserable choices, he’s finally made the right one.
Sherlock only nods in response, frowning again. They stand a while longer until a nurse peeks her head in. John takes it for the gentle hint that it is.
Curiouser and curiouser. “John,” he says imperially.
“No, I can hear—I can hear you, Mrs. Poole!” Sherlock calls back, just as loudly.
“My understanding is that you are now divorced.”
Now it is Saturday, according to his phone. He doesn’t need a clock to recognize the early evening light as it hits the dresser.
“Yes. You were the target of that mission,” Sherlock says. “I was sent to find you and bring you back, and I did.”
“John and Mary’s waltz.”
“Whisky, please. On the rocks.” The man says. “Today only whisky will do.” He frowns and looks at James for a response. James allows a quick, sad smile and half-turns his face, avoiding showing the other side. He’s used to people’s responses to his burns but he can’t take one now.
“Thank you, Lieutenant Shavit.” Sherlock steps hurriedly into the long, dark hall, relieved to feel the coolness of the air conditioning, a contrast to the scorching, humid, summer heat.
“Back to his girlfriend,” Sherlock says.
“No, he’s out for the evening.”
The doctor barely conceals his all-knowing hum. “How about here?” He probes the sides of Sherlock's ribcage.
“So, around the time Sherlock started talking about needing to create a distance in your relationship to create new ones.”
“It means that it fits well with the man I’ve been treating.” Gabriel says. “He’s a deeply troubled, disturbed man. He was doing well for a long time but things took a turn for the worst recently. He’d been less cooperative in our sessions. Treating him became a real professional challenge for me.”
When they reach the cash register the store owner's jaw drops.
“I did,” she nods. “In fact, I still do.”
Sherlock dares an exasperated sigh. “John, as I think I have explained to you many times before, romantic entanglement, while fulfilling for other people…”
"Heart attack."
A heartbeat passes, then another. She knows as well as he does there’s no real way out of their situation. “I’m in.”
“What do you suggest we do, then, Dr. Watson?” Edwin asks.
He had hoped John Watson would be different, though.
“Yeah.” John frowns. “Wasn’t my best performance.”
“Not if you’re playing the long game,” Sherlock says in defiance.
“Yes, thank you. I can do maths.”
“Rosie, this is my friend James.” He says. “Can you say hello?”
“Thank you.” Sherlock half-whispers.
“No.”
“Let me, I’ll do that,” John says and takes the headphones away from Sherlock. “Go back to your wall.”
“I only ever wanted the best for you. You saved me from myself so many…” He takes a big breath, his whole body shaking with anger. “I only wish you’d let me return the favour, for once. I’ll do… I’ll be whatever you need me to be, always. Always, Sherlock. Just… don’t leave me behind again. Please.”
John huffs. “Too right.”
“I don’t know how to tell her,” David says. “How to break it to her. She’s waited for so long, and she has this image of me in her mind, but the truth is… the truth is, for years, I didn’t much fancy my chances of coming back and I… I said my goodbye deep down, I suppose. And when I came back they just took me into some room and there she was, looking at me like...”
Life had been a roller coaster of ups and downs since the day he'd met Sherlock, but it brought with it all these friendships, all these people into his life. If he died today, it wouldn’t go unnoticed. There are people who care for him, who’d be sad to see him go.
“I mean, there might have been a mystery but I think I solved it myself, I suppose.” She smiles, clearing her throat when she catches the disappointment on Sherlock’s face. “My uncle died.”
“I’m… I’m sorry,” says a hyperventilating David. Alison takes his hands and looks into his eyes, speaking softly.
“Smart.”
“What’s wrong with having more people in your lives?”
She stops and waits for another question, then continues when none arrive.
“What is that supposed to mean?” John asks, his notorious temper flaring quickly. “Of course it’s not Sherlock’s fault.”
“Sometimes weekdays, too. Overnight,” Mary says. “There’s a rotation system.”
He sighs, looking down at Rosie with a sense of irrational jealousy at her blissful, cheerful ignorance. She beams in return, a gummy smile that makes his stomach twist. How he wishes for that ignorance himself. Her mother is her whole world, the source of all that is good; a blue-eyed, blonde-haired angel that makes her smile and comforts her when she cries.
“Of course I do.” Sherlock frowns and looks down at her. How could he not?
his body bubbles with excitement,
“That’s not all you said.” Sherlock whispers.
“Madagascar.”
“Apparently it’s a thing now.”
“You didn’t really think you’ll be able to avoid London forever, did you, Sherlock?” Mycroft asks, leaning against his cane. “You’ll be needed at some point, you know that. It was only ever a matter of time.”
He shakes his head at the sheer idiocy of it all.
“Oh.”
“Jesus. Yes, I know. Me too.” He assures him. He whimpers when he feels a small, tentative kiss placed on his neck. “Oh god.” He whispers again, lightheaded with the realization that Sherlock is asking for more. “Do it again.”
“Yes.” David nods. “I’m sorry, I… panicked. I’m still… overwhelmed, I suppose.”
“Yes, sir.”
“There you are.” Mrs. Holmes says. “It’s been terribly quiet here without you.”
“But of course he’ll have you believe he did it for me, for us,” Mary says, “and of course you’ll believe every word coming out of his mouth, no matter how much he lies. And yet I’m the one you don’t trust.”
David clears his throat. “Alright. What happened when you did realize who Mary was? We spoke about your period back in Baker Street. You resumed your relationship at some point. How did that happen?”
He knows there's no point in asking, but he has to. He has to. Sherlock lost his father today, and it's his job as Sherlock's... something, to take care of him. He promised as much to William today, didn't he?
He doubts it will ever heal after today.
Mycroft fixes John with a penetrating stare, apparently upset at John questioning his judgement. “I suggested that Sherlock utilize the information he’d acquired while living with the Corporal in close quarters to gather some more data, unofficially.”
Please heed the tags - large chunks of this story will revolve around difficult topics such non-consensual sex, emotional and psychological abuse, family estrangement, serious minor characters illness and death and mentions of suicide.
She, too, gives him a doctor’s once-over (or, perhaps, a pathologist's once-over - quite a differnece). After he assures her he is there with his doctor's blessing, she makes room next to her so he can study the body on the slab.
"I made a vow, John!”
“Can I help you, mate?”
“Yes. He went over there and did what he did. He adjusted his medication, I think.”
“No, I know. You don’t like babies. And kids.” John sends him a sour smile, all the joy in him suddenly dissipating. “And people in general, right?”
“Look at you,” John half-whispers, mostly to himself. His throat closes. He has never wanted to be next to Sherlock as much as he does right now.
“Excuse me, John.” She says and leaves the kitchen in a haste.
He chuckles as she leaves for bed, turning his attention back to the laptop. As soon as he hears the sound of the closing door, he returns to the main page of the search engine and starts typing.
She kisses him goodbye as she leaves.
But no, he’s been down that road before. He’d said his goodbye to Sherlock once, abandoned and broken-hearted, and he’s not falling for that again. If Mycroft wants John to accept that Sherlock is dead, he’ll have to present him with a body. He’s not even sure that will be convincing enough.
“Are they helpful, your sessions with David? Do you feel you’re making progress?”
“Merry Christmas.” John says as she leaves.
“Yeah, ‘m up,” he says, mountains of papers scattering everywhere around him. He’d barely finished reading two pages so far.
“Oh yeah,” she says sweetly, as if holding the answers to every question in the world.
Mycroft raises a challenging eyebrow.
“One would have to be an idiot to pick Khoury’s name,” Sherlock scoffs. “Abu Nazir’s right hand, considered to be dead, turns up alive away from Abu Nazir? That’s like placing a huge bounty over your own head. No.” He shakes his head. “Maybe his family lied in hopes of buying themselves enough time to escape to Egypt.”
When Sherlock dismisses him, Lyons hands Sherlock his business card and straightens his back nervously. “Well, if you won’t take payment at least let me invite you to be my guest on opening night. And dinner, maybe.”
Sherlock speaks in Mycroft’s ear again minutes later.
“Because they caught him driving a stolen car.”
John waits impatiently for the two week mark before he actually resorts to anything that isn’t just calling or texting. In fact, he gives it another extra day—waiting a full fifteen days, just in case.
“How is that possible?” David asks.
John swallows. “Imagine that.”
her, yes.” Saul finally turns to look at him with a sigh, his eyes piercing. “And only adjacently—by principle.”
“She’s lovely.” John says with a warm smile.
sold out.”
“Along with your father.”
“What, and the great detective missed out on that?” Lestrade whispers back and John nods. “How’s that possible?”
“Saw you in a Cafe on our way here. Client?”
“Thank you,” he says and gets up to throw the cup while Rosie continues to explore Sherlock’s nose from various angles.
“You didn’t mention that affair was with Jonathan when you briefed me.”
My biggest lesson has been that depression is conquerable. Really, it is. I've been at its most terrible depths, I know what it feels like. It's a fight you have to face every day, but if you make a decision to beat it and arm yourself with the right tools, it IS possible. If you're battling with depression, know that it can have long-lasting effects on your body and your soul - much like it did on William's brain, for example. Don't let yourself sink deeper into depression - hold on to whomever and whatever you can to help you pull yourself out of it. I'm lucky to have a supportive network of family and friends as well as an accessible health system.
“No, you told the army everything you supposedly know,” Mycroft says. “Now it’s the Secret Service’s turn.”
“Stewart never came in physical contact with him,” Mycroft says.
John's eyes widened with sheer horror at that, his entire body freezing mid-movement. They stared at each other for a moment, both breathing heavily from effort and anger.
Sherlock turns to him as if surprised by the very idea.
“Yeah, I did. Get the door, will you?”
Because that’s when it had started, hadn’t it? Ever since his brain short-circuited with the realization that the waiter in front of him was not, in fact, a ghost, John was never the same man again.
He never responds.
John is up by 6 am, his biological clock working overtime. He leaves the room quietly. Sherlock is dead to the world and Rosie isn’t showing signs of waking up. Her late bedtime last night means she’ll be sleeping for a bit longer.
, he wants to tell John. There's a cruel, ugly truth lying at the bottom of David’s ocean of lies, and he’s determined to get to the bottom of it.
She huffs. “Does he know that?”
Sherlock looks at him with a confident, challenging side glance.
He needed someone to notice.
“No!” he says. “I don’t buy any of it. I think you’re full of shit, Stewart, right up to your bloody eyeballs.”
“Promise you’ll behave, Sherlock.” John threatened after confirming the final details with Lestrade over some texts.
“What does my history have to do with any of this?”
“It means that Mary is her mother. You are her father. You’re her parents. Mary took a bullet meant for me and I will not let you take another. Better me than you. That’s what I mean, John.”
“How did you know he was missing? You haven’t lived in that house for a while.”
“Sherlock, come on. We’ll figure something out.” John pleads. “You can’t honestly expect me to go back to that flat, to... She shot you!”
“That’s not what I asked, Sherlock.”
“Really, John?”
Mary blinks. “You knew about this?”
Now though, knowing what he knows about Sherlock's father, things seem even impossibly sadder. He can only imagine how devastating the diagnosis must have been for Sherlock's mother shortly after learning about Eurus.
Sherlock closes his eyes. He rests his head against the car window, feeling its coolness against his skin.
“The contractions?”
John wasn’t at the bolthole at all when he came back last night; he certainly wasn’t here when Sherlock crawled into the ratty folding bed, his brain finally succumbing to a much-needed rest after working on overdrive over Khoury’s investigation.
“I think we should bring Stewart in,” Sherlock says. “To the interrogation. To confirm who this person is, see what they tell us about each other. With any luck, Khoury might just be the one to give Stewart away.”
“And then...” David laughs, wiping away a tear, “Collins asks me for the tenner I owe him for that poker game we played the night before... you know.”
John raises his eyebrows in defiance at that, slightly embarrassed - though he can’t really offer anything to prove David wrong.
? This is clearly flirting, isn’t it?
By the time the family moved here, Mycroft was away for school and Sherlock must have had very little time to make any friends or create new friendships. He was sent to public school and would only have visited during school breaks.
” John goads him.
They’re thirty minutes away from their destination when Lestrade calls again.
“Corporal Stewart is speaking to Elin Thøgersen, the reporter you noted.”
Sherlock rejects the call, cursing at the indicator of the nearly empty battery. He’d left the bolthole without a charger; he didn’t expect this turn of events, after all.
“Fancy going out of town for a bit?” David asks. “I can have you back in London before midnight.”
It’s Mycroft, and when Sherlock deduces the reasons for his visit, his smile vanishes and all he manages is a quiet “
“Leaving later means I might miss trekking season,” Sherlock says.
"Watson," he murmurs, staring into familiar deep-blue eyes. They focus on him, and though she clearly understands nothing, she listens intently. “Watson, what are we going to do about him?”
John always admired Sherlock. He thought of him as a bright lighthouse in the darkness that was his past life in Afghanistan.
“Oh, that’s wonderful news.” Sherlock with a scary smile.
They’re sitting in Lestrade’s office minutes later. Sherlock is buzzing and hovering around in excitement over the plethora of new information. Files, test labs have been coming in all morning. Additional officers join them as they discuss the current situation.
“I met them in Sea Cadets.”
“Yes,” John says. “Your history. I’m not comfortable with you leaving the country, not knowing where you are, what you’re doing.”
It’s been a long while since they last spoke about Mary; there’s a reason for that. The memories are still painful and John still resents both of them. He resents her for trying to break them apart even after she died. He resents Sherlock for listening to her, treating her poisonous posthumous words as directives.
“Yes.” Sherlock says. “I have, for a long time. But I realized that even if you do too, I wouldn’t know where to begin.”
“Where were you supposed to meet?” Lestrade asks.
“Hey,” John says when Collins helps David towards the door. He pulls a pen and a piece of paper out, writing down a number. “Call me if you need anything. I can help, you know. Find a support group or something.”
He wakes up a few hours later to find Sherlock holding Rosie up close, their noses nearly touching. Sherlock’s sticking his tongue out and John nods hello.
Sherlock sighs and closes his eyes.
Sherlock frowns at the paper again. He was expecting… more. Much more. Mycroft did not mention that documents about John’s father were difficult to obtain, and there was certainly no lack of information about him in any other system. Perhaps Lestrade is right, and the answers lie in a dusty storage basement in Chelmsford.
"If you want to tell yourself that so you can leave with a clear conscience, you can. But you're wrong."
“Of course.” Sherlock says. “If you think you’re up for it.”
Sherlock sighs, daring to roll his eyes. “On the day we left Gaza, an asset reached out and told me that a British soldier had been turned by Abu Nazir.”
“The waltz, John,” Sherlock says, and John’s chest tightens.
“Yes,” Sherlock says, wiping John’s smug smile.
Sherlock watches as John climbs back to the car wordlessly, not looking behind him. He slams the door far too forcefully, his knuckles white as he grasps the wheel tightly. John stares furiously ahead, awaiting Sherlock to join him.
“But that’s not—”
“It broke his heart.”
She waits for David’s response and continues when there isn’t one.
"Lovely." Gabriel smiles.
“But there’s a silver lining, I think,” John says. “Well, two actually.”
, he suddenly remembers with a sigh. John had had hopes of convincing Sherlock to not get involved but he doubts Sherlock would listen.
“Then get in.”
Mary’s eyes narrow and she scrutinizes the woman under her sharp glare. “Who the hell are you?”
Then they left, back to the relative comfort and warmth of their hangar. Mary had seen worse, though not by much.
“Visit me? How nice,” she gasps, surprised. “But, oh, I was just about to go to the shops, myself.”
The first thing John notices when he opens his eyes to the grey morning sky is that his back is shot.
“So all this time you...” John says. “You wanted and you… I made you the best man at our wedding. And you
And where to?
. John could have stepped away right then and there, but he didn’t. He can’t blame Sherlock for not feeling the same; that’s not how love works.
“Why were you moved?” Jenkins asks.
And then she leaves.
“Rosamund,” Sherlock mumbles.
Not uncomfortable. This is nice.” Sherlock says, prompting another raised brow.
John blinks helplessly at his pint, unable to find the words.
Edwin looks at David, prompting him to speak.
you sleeping these days?” John asks, the question far more accusatory than intended.
His mind demands that he closes his eyes. He’d seen a lifeless Sherlock dead on the floor too many times and he won’t survive seeing it again.
John releases a deep sigh, watching himself in the rearview mirror. His overnight bag beckons from the backseat, slumped next to Rosie’s car seat. He’s parked out on the street, right in front of the bolthole’s abandoned car park, waiting for the bin lorry blocking its entrance.
David looks between John and Sherlock, wide-eyed. “On what grounds?”
“Sherlock absolutely forbade him from posting comments.” She says and John snorts.
“How’s it going?”
John waits for another beat.
“I’m up for anything, Sherlock.” John says. He turns to look at Sherlock again, closely. His voice is soft when he continues. “I’ll go anywhere with you, you know that.”
“This might not be such a bad thing after all, Sherlock,” Mycroft says. “The MI6 debriefing will be shorter than the ones you’ve had here. You can go back to London and strategize.”
This time, John’s silence fully captures Sherlock’s attention.
John takes a sip and doesn’t say a word. Sherlock registers the silence, turns to look at him with a raised eyebrow.
“Did he?” Sherlock asks.
Sometime soon, he realized earlier as he stood over the body of an elderly woman, he’ll have to speak with John.
“Thursday. Thursday evening.” Sherlock blinks. “Are you sure?”
“So what you’re saying is…” John says hesitantly.
“That’s his name, right?” Lestrade turns and looks at John. “James Sholto?”
Sherlock moves around without opening his eyes, making just enough space for him. With a sigh of relief, John sits down.
“Are you serious?”
The elevator dings as the doors swish open, prompting those awaiting it to hesitantly step aside at the sight of the minister, her nose stuck in her phone.
“That’s… very difficult to hear, John.” David clears his throat. “I’m sorry you went through all of that. Let me try it another way: what do you think of as not losing Sherlock? What does your normal life look like?”
“Getting big,” John's voice is scratchy. “Bigger than average. Mary’s horrified.”
“Oh, god.” John's entire body slumps, like a marionette whose strings have been cut off. “You’re not—of course you’re not.”
Unfortunately, Mrs. Hudson intercepts them on their way out, lavishing the baby with old-lady hugs and enough specially made teething-biscuits to knock down a small horse as soon as the sugar high wears off. Sherlock patiently braves through numerous “
“What’s in it for you, all this nasty business with the Corporal?” Mrs. Norbury asks. “You finally have everything you wanted, don’t you? A family, a home, a nice life?”
“Listen, Mrs. Hudson,” he says, “if you see him, will you tell him I’m looking for him?”
“English Literature.”
Sherlock nods.
Somewhere along the way, Sherlock’s posture changes. He seems lost in thought suddenly, tense. John assumes that now that all plans are in order Sherlock’s thoughts must be back to his father.
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“And Corporal Stewart,” Edwin says.
“Yes. I think it will.”
“Really? That’s wonderful.” She nods in agreement, tears forming in her eyes. “What do you teach?”
Memories float to the front of his mind, and he smiles as he imagines John's mirth.
“I’d rather be waterboarded,” Sherlock grumbles. “Go ahead.” He says and straightens in his chair and crosses his hands expectantly.
“Mary asked me to teach you how to waltz for the wedding, but I needed help road testing the piece before I take on that monumental, and dare I say
? Give it a go, I’m working on the next chapter right now.
"Meaning that people like her were used only in the worst of circumstances and never in anything that I approved," Saul says. “And those who hired her and the likes of her usually lost their jobs faster than a prostitute at the Vatican.” A short moment later he mumbles, ducking his head apologetically. “Pardon my French, doctor.”
“You sure?” Lestrade asks. “He texted me earlier. Wants to meet up for a pint.”
Sherlock rolls his eyes, moving to grab his phone.
“Fully fluent in French. My grandparents spoke French.” He nods thoughtfully. “Rather fluent in German. Will make do with Spanish, I suppose. Some Polish, some Russian. I can manage some street level Arabic these days.”
Until it wasn’t.
John has been up in his room for six straight hours. Sherlock spent two of them in his chair in the sitting room, waiting for a resigned John to descend the stairs and ask if they can ‘just talk about this.’
“Sherlock, what were you going to ask me in the car?”
Drunk, lonely, staggering. Is this what his life would have looked like if he’d not run into Mike, if he hadn’t taken Mike’s offer to meet a possible flatmate? He only ever agreed because he had nothing better to do that day.
“Then why?” he demands. “And don’t say Magnussen. Mycroft told me that you asked to leave.”
“No, don’t pull that card on me,” John says. “You know very well that’s not what’s going on here.”
John clears his throat, pushing David away from his body again.
He laughed bitterly at the blame she laid at this feet.
have some paperwork to do.”
It’s early January. They’ve finished giving statements on their latest case at the Yard and decide to go for a bite. Well, John decides, Sherlock tags along. They’re sharing a handful of fish and chips while walking down Westminster.
As soon as Sherlock offers, Saul sits in John's chair with a sigh, placing a bulky, old-fashioned briefcase by his feet. Saul's voice is deep but soft-spoken—it strikes Sherlock that it hardly ever reaches normal conversational register, lending him a sense of enviable gravitas.
“What is that supposed to mean?”
It’s gone.
He adjusts the microphone he’s wearing for Sherlock’s sake, taking another swig of his pint, and watches their table from his seat at the back of the bar. They’re a group of about eight, the remainder of their section from Farah; they came straight over from the memorial, just as Sherlock had promised, determined to get as drunk as possible in Jonathan’s memory.
“It’s gorgeous.”
David chuckles. “Fair enough.”
“No, actually. I’m right here,” he moves with a grunt to open the door, putting the boxes down - nonchalantly, of course. As nonchalantly as one can muster carrying wedding favors during a hot jealous streak for the person he is most certainly
“I don’t think that’s fair, Sherlock,” John says. “There’s no doubt he was tortured.”
Never when it
He thinks of the text that awaited him on his phone that morning. Between Mary’s age and her elevated blood pressure, her doctor was not taking any chances, John wrote. It might take hours before they’re released.
He stands up and reaches his hand out like he did at the park.
John returns with two disposable cups of tea. Sherlock looks away as he flaps the edge of the blanket towards John - an offer for John to join him, one Sherlock wonders if the other man will refuse.
“All right Alexander. Nod if you can hear me?” Lestrade speaks to the headpiece from their hiding place.
Sherlock covered his eyes as he came, and John is praying that’s not a bad sign. He rubs his nose against Sherlock’s cheek in silent expectation.
Sherlock takes a deep breath, as one does before plunging involuntarily into dark, choppy waters. It's the calm before the storm, he knows, given the news he's about to deliver.
The feeling of Sherlock’s skin in his hands does John in; he has to bite Sherlock’s shoulder to keep himself from screaming as his cock pulses with the strength of his orgasm.
Ten babies who came into this world through unfortunate consequences they'll have to live with their entire lives, wanted and yet unwanted.
“I know—”
“They canceled my speech and never said why,” he says. “Why would they do that, if you-know-who had everything taken care of?”
"Where is she now?"
Thank you Ketty!
“I really do.” John nods and smiles a sad smile. “We’re getting old, Sherlock.”
“How are you going to find out?” John asks. “Nadi’s dead. Your asset is dead. Is there anyone else left?”
I have some author's note
“I knew you looked familiar. You were at the pub after Palmer’s memorial,” Aldridge says. “Is that what this is about? Are you spying on me for Stewart?”
Two dour-looking security guards move up to Sherlock, body searching him. He grunts at them though it does nothing to push them back.
“What’s that, Sherlock?” David asks.
Sherlock swallows. “Understood.”
," Sherlock hissed. "I'm trying to
“He’d been ordered to stand down and stay away.” Sherlock says sharply.
“It is what it is.”
He hears Mary making tea somewhere in his periphery. She doesn’t offer him any; it’s a kindness of the sort that no longer exists in their marriage. When she scans him from head to toe as she sits down on the sofa, sensing his nervousness, he fastidiously ignores her.
“Anything to report?” Sherlock asks.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You only just came back. It’s barely been a month,” Sherlock says. “I don’t think you’ve really, truly processed everything properly.”
“Michael. His name is Michael.”
“One of our sweepers might have missed it,” Edwin says.
“Where does he stand?” the minister asks Tahir.
“Fine,” John sighs. “A hundred, and I’ll tell you where he keeps the good liquor.”
“Alright!” Sherlock snaps, shushing her. “Alright.”
“She’ll be happy to know somebody else is having a look at these,” Saul says. “As am I.”
“Right. Thank you, Mrs. Holmes.”
He lets the door slam so loudly behind him, it feels as though the whole building shakes.
"I know that—"
“Thank you,” John says, brows furrowed in distracted confusion.
“Not really.”
“Yes, I think so.” Sherlock lies.
“It wasn’t any of you?” John asks. “MI5? GCHQ?”
“Sorry, mate?”
“Did I?”
“What?”
“What?”
It’s a rabbit hole even he, a man who chose to spend his life chasing criminals in the deepest, darkest recesses of London, wishes he’d never gone down.
“Come to think of it, that is a bit weird,” John says.
“Why didn’t you?” John asks. “That doesn’t make any sense.”
“Good.” Sherlock says, hiding his smile.
“Okay, cheers!” Sherlock gets up to leave, but Mycroft throws him back in his chair with a growl.
His heart drops.
Mycroft sighs, ignoring the jibe. “To what end?”
John has nothing to say to that.
John gently moves his hand away, kissing Sherlock on his cheek for a long, long moment as the other man comes down from his climax.
(See the end of the chapter for
“That’s really only a bonus, not a requirement,” John says. “Trust me, my father was proof of that.”
to…” Sherlock says petulantly but stops when John sends a threatening look his way.
“Well how long, then?”
Sherlock would bet Billy that John does, though he can’t tell how, exactly. Not yet.
“And if you still had all of those things, but Sherlock also maintains other friendships in addition to them, would that mean you lost him?”
“I see.” Sherlock’s voice is calm, collected. “I’m flattered, of course, but speaking engagements are not my forte.”
He took some time to regroup but only barely, and was sent here to Nepal. No time to waste on maudlin recuperating.
“How did this happen, sir?” Lady Smallwood asks, her voice tight.
Looking at the screen, John realizes Sherlock is gone.
His resolve had become so strong while he was away. He’d managed, with superhuman determination, to accept that John would no longer be in his life in any capacity, no matter what. It had cost him his sanity, his identity, and in a number of reckless moments, nearly his own life. If John is looking for him, he would find him.
“Walked. I was following him around and then—” In the video, Billy is interrupted by somebody.
“Will you find out, then?”
“No. God, no, I don’t know anything about that,” John says, raising his hands feigning innocence. “I guess I just have one of those familiar faces.”
“I—” John stutters. “Why are we talking about this?”
“Yeah, I’m shagging Henry.” She says, her voice breaking in pain. “We’ve… we’ve been together for a while now.”
“One dimensional, but a few things were unexpected enough to be considered interesting.”
John washes up, checks on Rosie. She’s fast asleep. Minutes later he finds himself staring out the window, holding a tumbler with two fingers of whisky.
“Yes.”
“What’s that?” Sir Edwin asks as Sherlock sits down.
“You have, Sherlock,” John says. “That’s all I ever wanted.”
“I should go. Thank you, Dr. Watson,” Rory says, offering one last apologetic smile, bending down to pick up his hoards of tools boxes. Before he comes up, though, he doubles back, dizzy. “
John's hands left Sherlock's body as if Sherlock had burnt him. He looked shocked and beaten, shaking his head in disbelief. His dangerous, misleading smile made an appearance. Sherlock braced himself for another fight, but John backed away as if looking at a lion approaching him from afar.
By the time the tea is ready, he finds two unread texts on his phone.
Why John? Why now? They’ve agreed the burner should only be used in case of absolute emergencies. Last Sherlock checked, he was having a pint with Lestrade.
It is then that Sherlock finally speaks.
‘You just look after them ’til I get back,’ she'd said as she'd left, but by leaving she'd distorted the balance of it all, the system. He’s just an outsider, looking into their lives as a spectator - a bouncer at the gate.
He’d never meant to leave the wedding early. He was doing quite well until the realization about Mary’s pregnancy came to his mind, still riding the high of another case ending successfully. Sherlock had known right there and then what had to be done. He’d put on his coat, got into the car and left for Mycroft’s country house. It was time to go; he’d told Mycroft as much when he showed up on his brother’s doorstep. He’d demanded to leave, on his own terms this time, so that he couldn’t be blamed for creating any chaos in the baby’s life, in her father’s life.
“So official.” She giggles and looks at John. “Used to steal Christmas crackers every year, that one.”
“That’s weird if we do consider he’d had other clients that day, based on the amount of cash he was carrying.”
“No, this will only take a minute. No need.”
“She makes you happy, John,” Sherlock says quietly. “I’m doing the best I can.”
At first, they’re simple questions. ‘
“Will?” A voice is coming from behind them as they cross the small street. “Hey, Will! Oh, Sherlock!”
“No, of course not,” Mycroft sighs, “we’ll be hanged if we blame an innocent man, and we’ll be hanged if we bring a terrorist onto UK soil.”
The combination of oily, carbohydrate-rich fast food and a lovely video of Rosie pulling herself up by grabbing the sofa and smiling proudly at John’s camera does the trick. Sherlock, just like John, is sated, warm and comfortable, and if he could swap the unremarkable bolthole with the sitting room in 221b, John might actually believe they’d gone back in time to the good old days.
“Not sure it’s a good idea,” Sherlock points at the screens, “what with…”
He thinks as he inhales deeply, trying to regain control over his body.
“See, the Mary Morstan I knew wouldn’t do that. She would know better than to interfere with somebody else’s covert operation,” Mrs. Norbury says. “Or rather, Gabrielle Ashdown did. Or Anna Dobb. Or Danielle Wren.”
David frowns.
"I wish," Sherlock shot back.
The text is from Lestrade, and they’re swept away on a case before they know it. John is thankful for the semblance of normality, going along with his mechanism of denial every time he recalls the mention of a plan B.
“Alright?” David asks, wiping sauce from under his lips.
“No.” She replies. “Sherlock used to love it.”
I cherish every comment, so please leave one!
“And John?...”
Sherlock goes quiet for a minute, then continues. "At the time I was thankful to her. She immediately asserted her dominance, if you'd like. She promised she'll turn him around, convince me to talk to him. And she did. In many ways, I felt like I owed her our continued friendship for a long time after that."
“All packed for the big day?” Gemma asks, eyeing her enthusiastically. “First time to Calais tomorrow. Excited?”
“You’re welcome, dear.”
Lost in thought about Sherlock, John notices he’s still touching his ring finger while thinking. He took the wedding ring off a few weeks ago, but his mind thinks it’s still there.
He waits for John’s response but none is coming.
“I painted,” she says awkwardly, looking around at the walls.
He follows the man up an abandoned service staircase. On the third floor the man enters a number into a keypad (John takes note of the code; 5981) and opens the door to a big, semi-dark room. In its better days, before the hotel was abandoned, this was probably a suite, serving a whole family.
was the plan?” John grits through his teeth. “You
, John. I’m never nervous.”
“He must have had it on his person,” Edwin says with a sigh. “The heel of one of his shoes was peeled back.”
They both snort.
“Yes, I know all about that.” John nods. “Where was he posted there?”
“It’s not my job to fix him. Nor anybody else, for that matter.” Sherlock purses his lips at the jibe.  “What?”
“What is it?” John asks.
John hates it.
“Oh, come on,” John murmurs.
On Sherlock’s third evening away, John settles in for the YouTube broadcast of Sherlock’s Q&A session.
“He’s being investigated at the moment. Under suspicion of murder.” Lestrade says.
“Anywhere. You could be anywhere else.”
“Honestly? She’s a twat,” she says, causing David to promptly choke on his tea. “But she is the Home Secretary and she’s been in service for a long time, so maybe that’s the game you have to play as a woman in her position.”
“I’m really not,” Sherlock says flatly.
“If that were true, if any of that were true, wouldn’t I kill you right now?”
“Oh.” John says, caught by surprise by Sherlock’s interpretation of his words. “Oh. That’s not what I meant…”
Mrs. Poole turns around with her whole body, evidently thankful for John’s kindness. “Right, of course.”
“So tell me, brother. What exactly happened in Gaza, hm?” Mycroft asks. “Who was
"It’s unlike you, that’s all," John says after a long pause. “Cases like these. Politics and master terrorists. I’m surprised you’re still interested at all.”
“I wanted to apologize for our disagreement last week,” Elin says. “I understand you were upset. It was wrong of us to come out with the press release for the book deal before we finalized the details.”
John huffed in disbelief. He headed to the kitchen table, going over the mail.
“Mr. Holmes?”
“You see, I’ve always appreciated your professionalism. AGRA was always very reliable. Never put a foot wrong.” The woman stands up, hoisting her black purse on her arm. “That's why I was so surprised to learn that you chose to stick your nose where it doesn’t belong.”
“I’ve raised her to level two grade surveillance,” Mycroft says. “She’s in Copenhagen right now, visiting with her family.”
The realization, when it hits, blinds Sherlock like a stroke of lightning; bits of information connect like molecules, suddenly making sense.
“He seems different.” Lestrade takes a sip from his pint, staring at the bar. “Good different.”
Sherlock, who’d spent the morning pestering Molly at Barts, had disappeared hours ago and hasn’t been answering the phone since.
“There are no scars on either of your thighs that match that description. A screwdriver twisted into the muscle, into the bone, would have left a mark. But there isn’t one,” Sherlock says. “They certainly weren’t there last night.”
“Burglary?”
This is as good a time as any, to be honest. At least he's not mind-numbingly drunk and trying to pull whichever patron seems more miserable than he.
“He…” Sherlock blinks at the wall in surprise; he considers lying for a moment, but knows there’s no point. “He offered me a job.”
—hiding in boltholes, living underground.”
“I suppose not. I was just wondering,” Mycroft says. “Abu Nazir was in charge of coordinating attacks against coalition forces at the time. No one had more reason to sit down with a British POW than he did.”
David doesn’t, though. Instead, he follows her into the kitchen and watches her puttering around. When tea is finally served she takes his hand and sits him down; they stare at each other wordlessly for a long moment before she speaks.
“Find him, did you?” she asks, her tone accusatory. His hand, reaching for the coat rack, falters for a millisecond with the sharp reminder that she never misses a thing.
David hugs his midsection instinctively; Sherlock blinks helplessly for the shortest moment, David’s vulnerability hitting him unexpectedly when the realization comes.
“Lady Smallwood,” Mycroft says. “As it sits under her branch of responsibilities.”
“I’m glad you did.” John says quietly. “As long as you never leave again.”
“What—”
"I'm sorry," John said again.
“Oh my god, Sherlock,” John says and laughs. “It looks like paradise.”
The problem is that, not unlike during the period after Mary shot him, Sherlock seems to be the one most determined to unite her with John. In being stubbornly supportive of the woman who put a bullet through his heart, Sherlock is Mary’s accomplice in breaking John's.
Having mostly slept for the better part of the last forty-eight hours, he’d tossed and turned, his restless mind at odds with his tired body; the former demanding answers, the latter—some proper rest after days (
“It’s quite alright,” Sherlock says impatiently as she turns to leave the room. “Thank you. When you’re ready to make a deal, write down everything you know in this notepad. Names, phone numbers, locations. Could be in Arabic or English, doesn’t matter.” Sherlock stands and leaves the table. “Given everything Abu Nazir has on you, I’d do it sooner rather than later.”
Zouheira looks as if she has something significant and important on her mind; her shoulders straighten and she clears her throat, but no words come out. “Here.” She finally gives in, moving slowly to place a thick wad of notes in Mary’s hand.
Sherlock steps out slowly, suppressing his tired body’s protests. He stretches and breathes in the salty air. His eyes follow John as he grabs a blanket from the back of the rental car. They head towards the head of the cliff rising above a small, empty bench.
beautiful rendition of Sherlock in this story. Now, have a look at her beautiful version of John at the bolthole!
“Mummy’s not the boss of me,” Captain Watson declares.
John fixes him with a suspicious glare from under his lashes, when…
“Oh,” Dinah sighs. “He was a kind, gentle soul... loyal, but also quite shy. As we grew older he got into more and more trouble. A small-time crook, they called him back then, but he was always very kind to me. I ended up marrying Leonard, his older brother. That was Lottie’s father.”
They go to the shops to stock up on groceries for spag bol. Lestrade updates that the case is solved, so Sherlock will have no excuse for not eating. But Sherlock and Lestrade keep getting delayed at the Yard, and they only show up well after 8 PM.
The next chapter will be a short epilogue of sorts, adding a final piece to the puzzle before we move on to 'Part II : You, Me and the Next War'. Part II will pick up days after the events of this chapter.
“What do you think you’re doing?”
“Maybe.” John shrugs. “Doesn’t matter now, does it? She always got what she wanted.”
“What’s going on?”
“Why?”
John sits down opposite her at the table, rubbing his hands on his thighs uncomfortably. “So, a new job.”
He puts Rosie down on the carpet. This is as much a home for her as their flat is. They split their time between the two places; mostly weekdays at their own flat, weekends spent largely at 221B. It’s their current system and it seems to be working, so John doesn’t question it. He keeps a close eye on Sherlock's moods. Sometimes Sherlock needs a break from them and that's fine. Rosie is a troublemaker, and though they get along wonderfully, John understands needing some peace and quiet.
“Not right now, no.” He shakes his head. “I think maybe… I think it’s best to let sleeping dogs lie.”
“Yes,” she nods. “I thought it was weird, too. Maybe it popped up in some storage unit. Or maybe things were found once they left Afghanistan. Never mind that. Open it.”
Now that this story is done, I'd like to send you off with a few fic-recs of my own.
He crawls into bed around 11pm, ignoring Mary’s piercing glare.
“He’s just sitting there? Is he talking to anyone?” Sherlock asks, shushing John. “Stay next to him, make sure the mic is on.”
"Do you remember he mentioned flying to a friend's wedding in Hong Kong?" Sherlock asks and John nods. "He was a part of the wedding party for another ex of his." Sherlock says. "And he failed there too. The wedding went on as usual, but it raised his ex's suspicions."
“Wrong. I got it all wrong!”
“Are you going to be alright?” Lestrade asks eventually as he signals for a bill. “I’m buying.”
“The reporter who captured the corporal’s attention outside ASDA a few days ago,” Mycroft says. “I looked into her, as requested.”
He has no idea how to tell Sherlock about his straying eye, the middle-of-the-night texts. He hopes he never has to, but if Sherlock decides to go out of his way to find Mary,
When I tried to think what Christopher Lyons looks like, Hugh Laurie popped into my head. Make of that what you will.
“As well as the recordings of the interviews conducted with his ex-husband and lawyer. Get me their divorce papers while you’re at it.”
John sighs in relief.
“Sherlock-” He starts but he’s cut off by Sherlock’s long-form as he passes him by in a rush.
“Or waiting for a handler, hopefully.” Sherlock says wistfully.
“You’re unbelievable, you know that?” John shakes his head in frustration.
John stretches on the sofa, falling asleep.
“I don’t know, inertia? Power of habit?” He wonders to himself just as much as he speaks. “I didn’t think I had other options.”
“David, can you stop
“You didn’t
“Why don’t you introduce yourself?” the lawyer asks.
His confession increases her tears and they both need a minute after that.
“Peter, please, I mi—”
“Yes.”
“John didn’t say that, Sherlock. You’re putting words in his mouth. John, why would you expect your best friend to know your own wife better than you do? You were the person closest to her. Why didn't you notice something was amiss?”
“But you weren’t alone,” she says. “You want to tell me why?”
So, no. He can’t judge the man. John certainly doesn’t agree with his politics, but he can’t blame him for the hell he’s been living through.
“Fine.”
John’s shaking, bursting with anger. “I can’t believe this, I can’t believe this Sherlock.” John’s head is in his hands. “So you lied. Of course you lied, why am I even surprised? You plot behind my back, you change the entire course of my life without a thought to what I want!”
Lestrade snorts his coffee. “True,” he huffs, surveying the damage to the table. “Christ, fine. I’ll see what I can do.”
“Right,” Lestrade says with a chuckle. “Well, this isn’t so much about the reporter, but her family. They own a flat in a fancy tower block down at Ruislip Gardens.”
“What do you mean?”
“They were the ones who reported his mental condition and had him looked over,” Sherlock says. “Became a bit too extreme, even for them.”
"Don't thank me just yet, Dr. Watson. I'm still not sure what it is you want," Saul says, chewing nonchalantly on a piece of fish. “Wouldn’t hurt to tell me, though.”
“It’s far more than
“I—I don’t know yet,” John says hesitantly. “But I will. I just need you to give me some time, OK? Because Mary’s gone for the weekend, and the next is complicated at the surgery, but—”
“Thanks for…” David says, drunkenly staggering away. “Thanks for listening, I guess.”
“I only ever want you to be happy, John.”
“I know—”
"Christ, but if Harry knew and kept this all a secret—"
Sherlock rarely listens to people telling half-baked stories about army mates, but he listened when John told them. They offered a glimpse into the man, into the mystery. A chance to be a part of his life in all the ways he never could be.
“A week or two, I should think,” Mycroft says and stops a scandalized Sherlock from speaking further, “use this opportunity to recharge. How is Corporal Stewart doing?”
“‘Do it for love’.”
“Braver than I’ll ever be.” Sherlock adds.
John kicks him under the table, interrupting his train of thought. “Eat your scallops,” Captain Watson commands.
“It wasn’t, before,” she says.
chose to marry me. The least he could do is face me when he chooses to divorce me.”
“Wouldn’t hurt to threaten him, though. Just in case,” Sherlock adds under his breath.
He doesn’t know what to do now that a vital part of the equation is missing. He was left behind with John and Rosie, miserable together, looking at him with expectant eyes and waiting for him to magically solve it all.
Later, they’re having dinner in the kitchen. Mr. Lyons’ business card is on the table, standing out like a sore thumb. He picks it up, looks at Sherlock.
He takes a deep, stuttering breath as his hands bunch a piece of fabric on Sherlock’s waist, holding on for dear life. “You’re...”
David clears his throat uncomfortably, staring up at her from his seat in front of an over-brightly illuminated vanity. The hotel room is just as brightly lit, leaving very little to the imagination. “Well, I’ve been away for a while.”
“I most certainly did not!” Sherlock says. "In fact, if I recall correctly, I said you shouldn't join me on this one."
My best chance to get the sofa back is to confuse John enough to prompt him to make some tea.
” Sherlock couldn't stop if he wanted to, addicted to John’s sex-addled voice.
“Remarkable,” Lady Smallwood says. “How did you do it?”
John nods. “Since that didn’t happen, I was planning on having a conversation with her about that without Mycroft. I was just being realistic and hoped she would take what would have been a pretty good deal. But then Sherlock texted and…”
They’re in the sitting room at Baker Street, enjoying a whiskey. Rosie’s dozing in John’s arms, a warm and comforting presence - a contrast to the doubt that’s been eating away at him for the past few weeks. It gives him the strength he needs right now. John needs to talk, and he has no patience for anything other than getting straight to the point.
“That’s not all he said. That sentence didn’t end there.”
“Why would anyone…” Sherlock says.
“Yeah,” he sighs, “yeah.”
“We’ll be right here.” John nods with a determined hand on his hip.
According to Sherlock, the Captain had officially been living in a local bedsit provided to him by a charity, but he spends most of his nights out on the street. Aldridge doesn’t do drugs—at least, not illegal ones. Cheap alcohol seems to be his substance of choice. He hasn’t worked in years. His last known affiliation was indeed with the group of protesters from Future Britain Collective, a right winged pressure group that worked hard to demand that Britain sever any ties with its allies following the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq as well as with its allies in the EU and NATO.
“Miri called me.” Alexander says. “Our… his. His housekeeper. He didn’t come home and she couldn’t reach him. She tried me instead. I’m not sure she’s aware of the divorce yet.”
Would have worked wonders tonight.
John raises a curious eyebrow.
“What you read in that newspaper article, essentially.”
“Indeed.”
Sherlock straightens haughtily in his chair, swallowing. “And Mary, too.”
FOB means forward operating base is a secured forward operational level military position, commonly a military base, that is used to support strategic goals and tactical objectives.
“I see congratulations are finally in order.” Mycroft says nonchalantly as he sips his tea. “Didn’t think you had it in you.”
“You can’t treat people like that, Sherlock—”
"She needs to be given the option, John, you need to..." Sherlock hesitates as John shakes his head. "She needs to know that I can protect her from Ajay, from the rest of it, here in London."
They both turn to find the First Secretary of State signaling the soldier to replace him at the microphone. He walks slowly over to the podium, grasping its sides tightly. He scans the audience before clearing his throat, perhaps unsure what to say.
He’d clung to Mary when Sherlock had just returned, out of sheer defiance over Sherlock’s cruel and careless treatment, but once he forgave him—really forgave him, he’d sit there looking between the two of them, not entirely sure who was person he wanted to spend the rest of his life with.
John rolls his eyes, chuckling.
“I’m not seven anymore, Mummy.” He grunts.
Sherlock doesn’t respond.
There’s not an ounce of comfort in them now, not as he stands by the window overlooking Baker Street. He’d said goodbye to it all; made amends with never coming back here. Buried the whole of it deep behind the scar tissue that has long been standing for a heart in his chest.
His phone pings again.
Sherlock looks at him, then looks at the rearview mirror. John sees his eyes fixating on the bags he’d packed and dumped on the back seat last night, hoping to…
“Mummy says—”
“Excuse me, I’m being summoned.” Mycroft clears his throat as he steps out, closing the door behind him.
Sherlock freezes in place for the briefest second, surprised. “Whatever for?”
“Because, Sherlock,” John says slowly, deliberately. “There’s Mary’s history, and my…. I dunno,
He closes his eyes in frustration, knowing the battle had been lost before it even began.
“A piece of razor blade,” Sir Edwin says as Mycroft and Sherlock enter the interrogation room they’d only left last night.
“What do you mean?”
“Gabriel’s assistant was just found dead.”
Love isn’t war. It
It’s her job to make them happy.
He rubs Sherlock’s nose with his, taking his fill of the man’s smell. He knows this scent so well; he’d know the man in his sleep based on it alone. It’s an intoxicating mixture now that he’s allowed to take in a lungful, that he no longer has to hide how much he enjoys it.
John snaps, grabbing Sherlock by his shirt. “I said,
John, of course, doesn’t sleep. How can he, feeling the way he does and knowing the man he loves feels the same downstairs. The hours move frustratingly slowly, but he doesn’t get up. He wouldn’t know what to say anyway.
John blinks, unsure if prodding more would prove valuable. It rarely does with Sherlock.
“Headache?”
” John gestures pointedly at the cabin, his voice like glass, “was not what I meant.”
“You claim to have no leverage between the two of them, your wife and Mr. Holmes,” Saul says, “but it seems to me you have the one thing that actually matters.”
“How may I help you?” She asks, her interest piquing by what is clearly the most exciting thing that happened in this area in a while.
Sherlock nods.
"Don’t be ridiculous—"
Sherlock swallows, staring into the distance for a long moment before joining Mycroft on the way back to the central building.
“Nice place you got here,” John says with a lopsided smile at Sherlock’s prying eyes. “Thought having a brother like Mycroft might mean he could find you a more decent place.”
A saint. An odd saint with absentee friends.
“I…” John starts but trails off.
He tried his very best to make him happy, to get him to stay.
“I thought you Englishmen are supposed to be polite,” she says with a cutting Hebrew accent, mocking offence as she opens a heavy door to an ageing meeting room. In its centre stands a big flat screen TV. In the corner is an ancient looking water dispenser, right below a yellowing photograph of some dignitary; a Prime Minister perhaps.
Sherlock’s beautiful baritone giggle fills the air and John’s heart jumps with joy.
“The friendships you did have, were they much like the one you and Sherlock have? Very intense, very solitary?”
“No,” he stupidly blurts, late—far too late. John’s already at the foot of the stairs to his room by now.
Sherlock never shows up.
Sherlock roars in frustration by the time he finishes.
“Oh, wonderful.” She says, delighted. “Though I don’t think I can carry all these biscuits by myself anymore. Not as young as I used to be when I had these two running around. And the pushchair is quite uncomfortable.” John feels Sherlock squirming; he drags his head from where it’s been laying, obviously expecting what his mother is about to say next.
Sherlock turns to him, listening intently and waiting for him to continue.
Nothing.
Time to go, detective.
He’s not hungry.
“Yes, yes.” Sherlock dismisses him, grabbing the dossier.
“Who’s that?” Sherlock asks.
“To what?” Sherlock scowls.
“That he is,” Sherlock says, removing his scarf.
“Seven.”
“I should have known... I should've never trusted you.” He takes a big breath and raises his eyes to look at Alexander again. “I don’t want to ever see you again.”
He can’t find him.
, praytell?"
John stares at the whiskey.
“Dr. Watson.” Mrs. Holmes speaks, tearing his attention away from the man in the room.
To his horror, John realizes that he managed to prove Ella wrong. Or more to the point, that he’s finally proven that he is the dysfunctional, damaged man she always tried to convince him he isn’t.
If there’s one thing Sherlock is good at it’s making an entrance, isn’t it?
John blinks at him for a beat, reading the dismissal in Sherlock’s voice. “Yeah, alright. I’ll come over tomorrow then, yeah?”
“Read it in the news today,” Aldridge says pointedly. “They offered you a whole lot for a bloody book deal. I fought in that war too—lost my bloody leg—and no one’s offering me a book deal. Are you man enough to at least tell the truth for once?”
He also texts him.
He watches in silence, his eyes squint due to wind and his breath a white fog. He’d seen dozens of churches and cathedrals since he left London behind, but something about the darkness, the way it’s lit and its silent domination of the skyline leaves Sherlock affected.
“Of course,” John says amiably.
He supposes this could be a kindness; saving her from the terrible limbo of not knowing. After all, what’s the harm in what David had just done? He gave her the peace of mind she’d been seeking for years, and now she’ll be able to let her brother go.
"Not yet." Sherlock says. "I can't imagine it'll do any good to tell him."
“How about a donation in your names?” James asks. “A Christmas donation, for a charity of your choice. You can’t refuse that.”
In the name of widening circles, John obliges his colleagues for once and joins them for a birthday do. He’s having a terrible time of it. Middle-aged, semi-drunk doctors and nurses can bore one out of one’s mind.
“Lovely as always, Detective Inspector. What’s that he’s carrying on his back?” Sherlock asks, squinting his eyes instinctively.
He clears his throat nervously before he continues.
40 minutes later, John opens the door to the flat. He looks ashen, confused, and drunker than he’s been in a while.
What’s there to say, anyway?
“Took you long enough,” he mutters.
“I don’t know. I’m not sure. I don’t think he’s a murderer, to be honest. But what do I know? We’ve seen enough in our work to know better.”
” David shoots up in bed as he wakes from a nightmare, something Sherlock had witnessed himself many times in Gaza. David’s eyes still seem closed, and he holds onto Alison’s forearm.
“No Dr. Watson?”
Sherlock’s body is now so tense John has to look at the road to make sure the car isn’t veering away from its lane.
“No,” Sherlock simply admits.
John misses him.
“Do you know what it is already?”
Working out which
The driver drops John off first. John doesn’t want to leave Sherlock but the minder needs to be dismissed and Rosie needs her routine or else she won’t sleep a wink. He looks at Sherlock, waiting for any sign of anything from the man. Sherlock wordlessly stares out the window, lost in thought.
“Do you..” He stutters. He’d never been more scared in his life. “Was it not-”
He takes another sniff of his scent, memorizing it.
His blood curdles, dread leaving his body cold.
Alison watches David intently for a while as he browses through the few items in the box, smiling distractedly. “David?”
John looks around the dark, empty car park, the quiet backstreet around them. It’s not a very central location, and he’s not sure it’s fair to leave David stumbling around as he makes his way home.
“Like hell there isn’t.”
“What do you mean?” John asks.
Sherlock swallowed around the lump in his throat as he closed the door behind John's moving figure.
John takes Sherlock’s hand wordlessly.
“I think that’s AA.” John huffs in amusement.
“I’ve seen you smashed, love,” he teases. “You’ll get me sent all the way back to Afghan’ talking like that.”
“It’s alright,” John says after a moment, his brows furrowed.
“High Wycombe,” Sherlock says. “They’d like your opinion, too.”
“What’s he doing here?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hullo,” David says, his eyes focussing quickly on John. “Hey, it’s you.”
The unexpected kiss from David, to which he’d nearly succumbed to. The overwhelming sense of
Sherlock detached himself, shaking his head furiously and moving away from John, towards the counter.
“Nothing, Sherlock. Just paperwork.”
Sherlock thinks as he stands up from his chair with a huff, his robe fanning away from his ankles as he heads for the door.
Sherlock crosses the room, coming dangerously close to the window. “Nothing.”
“What, from shopping?” He moves the chair closer to Sherlock, trying to get a better view.
He remembers that day vividly; sitting in his chair, realizing Mycroft doesn’t want to speak in his presence and feeling like an outcast. Remembers his shock at Sherlock’s words, the small smile that escaped him at Sherlock’s defiant tone when he said them.
I AM NOT A MENTAL HEALTH EXPERT. Anything mental health related in this story is completely made up for the purpose of driving the plot onwards.
I discovered
“All right, goodnight.” She says. “Don’t stay up too late.”
“Why is that funny?”
“Maybe. Maybe not. I don’t know for sure myself,” David says. “Have you spoken since he left?”
When the door opens, David and his wife, Alison, as well as another officer, step hesitantly into the room. They stare at each other and their body language is awkward.
John’s jaw drops, as does Lestrade’s.
“It all sounded so… scripted.” Sherlock says. “Wasn’t that exactly what you’d expect a disgruntled war veteran to say? I’ve read pages upon pages of testimonies from soldiers who came back from that war, John. They all said exactly the same.”
With a sudden ache John is transported to one morning in Baker Street. They were having breakfast together, Mycroft hovering around them like a fly. He remembers the warmth of the domesticity they shared back then, a misleading comfort he indulged in unaware that it’ll be taken away from him very soon. All of a sudden, Irene’s first text message arrived and John felt like it was the end of the world.
“I’m not sure. But I was wondering if you’d be willing to look into her. Discreetly. See if you can find something, anything about her.” He says, sliding a small envelope containing a few hastily-scribbled details, the little he’s been able to pick up. “It’s not a lot, but maybe you’ll be able to find something.”
This baby, conceived right around the time Sherlock was teaching her father to dance, giving himself wholeheartedly to the industrious enterprise of seeing the man in his arms marrying another.
His eyebrows shoot up, the realization finally hitting him that she really doesn’t recognize him. “You could say that,” he says dryly. An assistant photographer, on the other side of the room, sends an apologetic frown.
He’s alone. Sherlock never came.
He sighs.
“Yeah? Anywhere interesting?”
He swallows hard when he remembers the purgatory that was his days between returning from Afghanistan and meeting Sherlock. He remembers opening the drawer in that wretched little bedsit, pulling out his laptop and looking at his gun.
“Ernie, Ernie Sutton. Does the name ring a bell?” she asks John.
For a very long moment, Sherlock’s eyes are clouded with something dark and heavy that John can’t decipher. He looks unseeing at John, and then at Rosie. Whatever it is he sees in the little girl in the pushchair, it seems to help him reach a decision.
David huffs angrily.
When he’s back in the kitchen, he continues.
“David
He’d completely forgotten about him; by the time they came back to Baker Street the other day, the man wasn’t there anymore, so John just dismissed Sherlock’s wandering eyes as a one-time fluke. Or so he thought.
“Sir?” The driver asks politely once he’s finished unloading their belongings in the house’s front porch, waking John up from his daydream.
“Do you think there’s still a chance of proving that he does?”
“What? Eat?”
Sherlock turns to look at him, his brow raised.
“Spare me the lecture.”
“John.” Sherlock calls from behind him and John turns to look at him.
Sherlock blinks in surprise. “We’re not a couple, John.”
“When?” John asks in disbelief.
“How did the two of you get along during this time?” David asks both.
“Do you trust her?" Mycroft asks.
“You know I don’t… meddle in that. I’m their superior officer. But there have been jabs, jokes about Peter.”
“I told you, it’s a group-”
The door slams loudly in Mycroft's face, and he frowns at John's cheeky smile.
The first thing he notices on the text-packed page is the picture. A formidable-looking woman stares back at him; naturally stern, despite the well-practiced, disarming smile. Even though, according to the website, she celebrated her 49th birthday earlier this year, her straight, copper-red hair and a hint of freckles give her a youthful appearance.
John freezes mid-movement.
Lestrade nods and speaks again.
he thinks as he sneaks another glance at the cabin from his seat in the car.
” John whispers, the sensation electrifying his body. He wets his own palm quickly, though he feels the moisture of pre-cum already. His first pull is hesitant, gentle; he finds his courage when Sherlock’s back arches at the sensation, keening. John presses their foreheads together, spreading sloppy kisses on Sherlock’s face. He can see the internal battle inside Sherlock’s head; his body’s need for relief fighting with his always-busy brain.
. Standing tall, the older one covers the younger, who is cowering behind her.
“Well, why didn’t you say anything?”
“Listen to me, just.. listen.” David says. “I’ve been thinking about you so much since Gaza. I- I wanted to say something that day after the homecoming ceremony, but they just took me to some room with Al and I never saw you again.”
“Did Jonathan convert, too?” Sherlock asks when he can’t stand the silence any longer.
“Was there ever any doubt about that?”
“Yes, for you. Your secret is safe with me now. The English will never know.” The man handed him another picture. A blurry, black and white picture, but its contents were clean enough to cause bile to rise up in his throat. “Trust in Allah, my son, in the new life I’m offering you.”
A group of loud teenagers pulls him away from the memory. He looks at them, begrudging the interruption. They’re enjoying the rare opportunity of this Christmas-like snow; throwing snowballs, chasing each other. Their mood is such a contrast to his.
“Yeah,” Sherlock says. “That’s... Good.”
Sherlock hums in response, looking away.
“I know that, Sherlock. I’m sorry for saying that.”
Sherlock stands up to leave and John follows behind him. He sees Mrs. Holmes, Mycroft, and a man who bears a familial resemblance standing by the door.
“So.…” Alison starts as the door closes, clasping her hands in front of her body. “What happens now?”
"I'm sorry."
“She’s met somebody else,” David says with a sigh.
“Stewart can’t know who I am.” He says.
“Oh do you?”
“Did you get your fit note, then?” Lestrade asks, jerking Sherlock from his thoughts.
They stare at each other wordlessly for a long minute, having reached a tense impasse. The stalemate suddenly gets interrupted by Rosie’s wails, who must have sensed their argument.
“What do you think I’ve been doing while I’ve been locked up here?” Sherlock snorts. “I’ll need Billy.”
this will end well, I
”), his hands around John’s shoulders. John worries that his soul has left his body when Sherlock rests a cheek on his head.
The words sober John up, far too quickly for Sherlock’s taste. “It won’t,” he says with a sigh, looking away again. “It won’t.”
Surprised (
“And Stewart doesn’t know yet?”
He wants a break, both for him and for Sherlock. James’ case wasn’t as challenging as other cases were; frankly, if not for the hospital visits Sherlock would have solved it in half the time he actually did.
“No,” Sherlock says solemnly.
“Sherlock—”
Sherlock is wearing casual clothes John doesn’t recognize. Form-fitting jeans and a tight, light dark-blue jumper. John takes his fill, enjoying the view. He wants to remember him looking like this till the day he dies.
The limp is back. Figures. Just outside his room, he hears John circling restlessly, itching for a fight.
“Sherlock, come on. Leave it for a minute. Look at me.” He asks.
“Have you been receiving any threats again recently?”
“We had to get Mrs. Stewart out of the house for that, of course,” Edwin says. “But the Corporal was there, and he was assured that his home is now surveillance free.”
“Neither did I,” Sherlock says and flips a page, causing John to consider his friend yet again. Sherlock’s been staring at papers with more effort than usual lately. With his 40th birthday around the corner, he’ll probably require reading glasses soon - John can only imagine convincing him into going along with that.
“Is Mycroft gone?”
We're heading deep into questionable/fantasy mental health territory. Here be dragons.
Mary chuckles bitterly.
“Sherlock, will you please just... Mary’s off doing fuck-knows-what in fuck-knows-where and she's my daughter too. I have just as much say in this as she does.” John sniffs angrily, his eyes darkening. “You’re my best friend, and I think you two finally deserve a proper introduction, yeah?”
Sherlock was horribly, appallingly out of his element those first few days, expected to be the source of emotional and physical support.
Written in Ashes by 88thParallel is (currently) a WIP but it's doing something very interesting; it's based on the general plot of The X-Files episode Demons, converted to a story about Sherlock in the aftermath of the Eurus fiasco. It isn't hard to tell that I'm an X-Files fan and 88thParallel is doing a fantastic job with it.
Sherlock is silent for a long moment. John begins to wonder whether they’ve fallen into another helpless impasse when he hears the rustle of sheets.
John swallows when the jolt of memories hits him.
he huffs, then realizes he’ll soon be known to Mycroft as the guy doing his brother.
Sherlock smiles and that clears the air. Molly wishes him a happy birthday and orders cake.
“It’s a dump.” John frowns.
“I agree.” Edwin nods. “Which is why we’d be willing to pay handsomely in return for his cooperation.”
John’s heart expands at the sight of a relaxed, evidently happy Sherlock. Mrs. Holmes mentioned he used to escape to this house. It was a safe haven for him and John suddenly realizes why.
“Yeah.” John says simply and nods for a long time. “Yeah, I was. He was the first… and he knew. And he was… harsh about it.”
Sherlock is on the sofa, wide awake. Hadn’t slept a wink.
“Running, you say?” Sherlock turns one last time to look at the private contractor.
John hinted he’d like to give the remaining Holmeses some time together as a family. Sherlock threw him a nervous side glance in response and notified him that just might be the worst idea anyone had ever had (“
“Good night, Maisie,” Gemma and Mary sing-song as Maisie opens the door to her room in their (surprisingly adequate) living quarters. It's near midnight on their second night in France, and they are the last ones to leave the clinic. The last forty-eight hours have gone by in a blur —an endless stream of men, women, and children showing up each morning at the small hangar.
Sherlock’s eyes widen in fear.
“A colleague of mine from the University of Salzburg reached out to me. He’d caught a whisper of our acquaintance and admitted to being a great fan of your work.” She smiles. “He wanted to know whether you’d be interested in giving a few lectures to his students as a guest speaker. He thinks they can learn a lot from your incredible talent.”
John pushes the street door to 221 with his right shoulder, biting his lips in concentration. The two boxes he’s carrying contain the kits for making their weddings favours - ones Sherlock had agreed to help in assembling - are not heavy, per se, but they are
“John, I’m well aware of my…” Sherlock squirms and clears his throat. “Deficiencies. I’m not equipped for… creating substance in other people’s lives. What I was always able to bring to the table was to allow you to have everything you wanted. And you wanted her, and you wanted to be a father.”
“John, we’ve been over this.” Sherlock says with a sigh. They have. A lot over the past 24 hours. “Mary needs reassurances. The only way to do this is on neutral ground.”
“Happy birthday, Sherlock,” he calls behind him as they leave the flat.
“What?” he snarls. “What do you mean he’s dying?”
people will ever get—”
“Oh, for fucks sake.” David says. “Enough about Henry, Al.”
“No,” Sherlock says hurriedly, reaching for his jacket. “This is the first time he’s texted anyone, and he’s using the burner phone.”
“Where does she work, then?”
“Fuck off, Mycroft.”
“I see,” John sighs, shuffling his legs.
Sherlock turns to look at his brother
” the pregnant woman whispers, nudging her sister.
“It’s nice to meet you.” John says, affected by her infectious smile and positive energy. She looks at Sherlock with friendly eyes, not at all worrying over his cool exterior.
“I won’t do anything, I promise.” He says coldly. “But you’re wrong if you think I’ll be going back to that flat without any means to protect myself.”
“I said sit down, Sherlock.” John’s hands ball angrily into fists on either side of his body as Sherlock takes another step towards him. “It’s my turn to get some bloody answers.”
“So it was an open and shut case as far as the police were concerned. But my uncle.. her brother.” He stops to clarify. “He had none of that. He was sure my stepfather killed her. Staged it to look like a suicide. He had friends in high places, I suppose you can say, and he started finding traces of things. Hospital records, stories from friends. And it became... it became quite clear that she kept things from us. Horrible, horrible things, Sherlock. Since the day she married our stepfather. She rotated between hospitals for treatments. Said she’d fallen down the stairs, hit her head on the door. You know the stories. There were reports of… suspected sexual abuse. Never confirmed but the doctors in the hospital took note. But she denied it all. She said they were misunderstandings. I think he may have raped her, Sherlock. She...” He stops when his throat closes.
John's feels like an anvil has landed on his head. "No. I suppose not."
Mary’s eyes sharpen dangerously.
“It’s alright. They said this might happen,” she says softly, kissing his shoulder. “It was just a dream. You’re alright.”
“It’s nothing,” David says, moving his hand away.
“I’m still not entirely sure they’re as non-existent as you claim them to be,” Sherlock says. “You’ve been wrong about these things before.”
John rubs his hands on his thighs uncomfortably as the driver turns off of the main road and past a security gate, heading down a long gravel path. Up ahead looms a nondescript, converted farmhouse, right at the heart of Zone-5-Industrial-Nowhere.
No. No. He won’t let her words get to him. His relationship with Sherlock is frayed as it is, and Mary’s a master manipulator. She knows exactly what she’s doing. Exactly where to aim.
Sherlock nods stiffly and releases himself from John’s hold. He opens the car door and silently snakes in.
What does he see?
to which Mycroft responds just as loudly with something that sounds a lot like
On a related note, I'm celebrating one year of fic writing this week! Turns out I posted 'Fight or Flight' exactly one year ago :) I really never imagined I'll find myself here  but I'm very proud of everything I achieved so far.
The silence in the flat is so loud it’s deafening.
“Hmm,” he hums thankfully in return as she leaves the flat, her heels clicking down the stairs.
“Some things are unforgivable, Sherlock,” John says. “Lord knows I tried.”
So he tries.
Since there's no sign of Mycroft, either in his office or in the form of a conspicuous black car out the window, he takes a deep breath and tries again.
“When a widower or a divorcee takes their ring off, it's a sign of their availability.”
“No.”
That’s wonderful, it is. Except John can’t stand it. What gives David the right to meddle with their relationship in this way? Is this what John gets for going through all he did with Sherlock - being cast aside once his flaws are no longer comfortable? That's not how friendships work. Doesn’t he get a say in any of this?
The line is out of service. Undaunted, he sits down to write a message.
“A diplomat’s daughter?”
“Right,” he says. “What sort of debrief?”
“How could you, David!” Alison’s recorded voice fills John’s office. For the sake of privacy, he pulls his headphones from his bag and connects it to the computer. The video Sherlock had sent is an edited recording from his live feed of the Stewarts’ house. John watches the domestic unfolding on his laptop.
John chuckles fondly. “It was a joke, Sherlock. The Sound of Music?”
“Because he tends to get... swept up in the moment. His emotions swing him from one end to the other. When Mary was there he would keep his distance. When she wasn’t he would gravitate towards me,” Sherlock says. “But playing house wouldn’t have been enough when Mary came back. And if not Mary, somebody else would have come along eventually.”
The next night finds him sitting in his car in front of Baker Street around midnight. He’d told Mary he’s meeting up with Mike for a pint, which he did. He didn’t lie. He did excuse himself early while with Mike, though, feigning an upset stomach. Now here he is, feeling like a bloody stalker.
They drive slowly around the neighbourhood but that doesn’t seem to do the trick. Lost in thought, he takes a right turn into the A40 and the higher speed finally brings some peace. She calms down, grunting quietly. The road is empty, and so he drives, his head devoid of thoughts now that the soundtrack of the car doesn’t consist of guttural baby wails.
“Where
a couple, it was a... thing. You know. The sort of thing you have when you’re in school.”
“And you hate not knowing. I know all about the case, yeah? Just spent hours talking about it,” he reminds him. “But that wasn’t what I was asking.”
He stops his tirade when he hears Sherlock’s laughter.
“And it’s not just me, Sherlock. You have people in your life. You’re important to them. Molly, Greg, Mrs. Hudson. Priya, as it turns out. Mycroft. These are people who will notice when you’re gone. They’ll miss you.” John stops to think. “Back then... people would come up to me in the street back then, or they would email. People you helped who wanted me to know how you changed their lives. People who admired you from afar.”
okay to pimp your brother out in the name of national security.”
She shakes her head, dismayed. “You’re a right fool, John.”
“Indeed.” Sherlock nods. “Farah was considered a relatively lower-risk compound, and it was their last assignment before the end of that tour.”
“I thought perhaps I could take Rosamund with me this year.” She says with a piercing glare. “I’d like to pay a visit to those who sent flowers.”
“I was hoping it was an exaggeration, but regrettably, it appears it is not.” Edwin scans the computer screens. “Mycroft, I don’t think I’m wrong to assume you have some hand in this.”
, he remembers again in horror.
“And as for me…” David says. “There’ve been others. I’m not a saint. Maybe we weren’t in the good place we thought we were before I left.”
“He’s gone, Ro-ro. Let’s go.” She looks up at him with curious eyes. He picks her up and heads to the exit.
“Don’t know,” he says, shaking his head.
“Lovely as always.” Mycroft shuffles his legs, resting on his cane. “Do get a move on. We’ve been summoned.”
“Down!” John pulls his gun and takes the corner, aiming at David. “Put him down!”
“He’d always run away to their house when he’d get bored or upset with me. Her parents were scientists. He’d criticize their publications, debunk their citations.” She says with a dismissive tone and John laughs. “They’re a wonderful family. Been through quite a lot themselves.”
Standing closer than ever, John hums again. Sherlock feels his warmth radiating from behind him. “And what did you say?”
“Strange,” John says in agreement, flipping over the photograph in his hand one last time. Three pairs of eyes watch him curiously, his silence louder than he must realize.
Khoury blinks calmly, staring into thin air. Sherlock's words appear not to reach him at all.
”—she giggles conspiratorially—“and he’d better do it someplace like the Seychelles,
“Now, now,” Mycroft says, a glint of hurt in his eyes.
David speaks hesitantly, softly. “Who waits for you at home when you come back?”
Her smile is sad. “You know I’m right, Sherlock.” His face turns white and he lowers the phone. They sit silently until summoned to board the plane.
“What did he do for a living?” John asks, realizing he never really knew.
” he continued and groaned as the shovel hit the ground again, and he fell down, his body giving in, “
One of David’s versions is a lie. The problem is Sherlock can’t be sure which one, and Sherlock hates not knowing.
“I asked you to babyproof, not lock the entire place up.” She steps over to the sitting room, placing a hand on her hip. “It’s like Pentonville in here.”
John huffs. ‘Incident’, what a terrible way to call attempted murder by a friend.
“Sholto invites you to dinner on the day of his divorce and turns up in bed with a dead man not 48 hours later. I find that a bit suspicious.”
Because down in the mortuary, John wasn’t in danger, Sherlock was. And John chose a fight response, instead of flight. And he hurt Sherlock like he never hurt anyone else in his life.
“Coming,” he says as he crosses the short distance with a few steps, his gait tight and angry.
“Found a kettle. No tea, though.”
“Please.” John says but Sherlock doesn’t move.
“You have to, John.” Sherlock whispers, though his voice is commanding. “You have to go back to her. You can’t stay.”
“Had to stop myself from punching his beautiful face,” John says. “Multiple times.”
“Bloody hell, I don’t know. First date stuff,” he says. “Is she a single child? Does she have any brothers or sisters?”
“I can’t say for certain, but I think it’s because he was always so… quiet. And introverted, I suppose. He lives inside his own head.” Sherlock says and John wonders if Sherlock is aware just how similar he is to his father. “Mummy thinks he must have hidden many of the symptoms by simply not speaking or complaining. It was only when she realized he was getting lost that she couldn’t ignore the severity of it anymore.”
Most men don’t wake up with a start wondering whether this will be the day he finds that his wife has finally left him behind; unsure whether to be relieved or disappointed when he finds her there still. He reckons that’s why he sleeps on the sofa, expecting to hear her as she leaves.
Mycroft winces at the accusation and the language but doesn’t say a word.
Mycroft sighs when they get the same result, and Sherlock presses the button again. “Ask him if he’s ever been unfaithful to his wife.”
“Of course. Of course. We can go again if you’d like. Soon.” He says and his smile is warm and honest. He thinks for another minute, then clears his throat.
“Yeah, mine neither.” John releases a sigh and nods, earning him a hesitant nod back from the other Captain. He points at a bench. “Mind if I sit down?”
David, had listed as many reasons as one person could have to harm Aldridge. A motive, an opportunity and alibi, all wrapped up in one night up at a cabin.
The woman,
“What’s going on here, removing all traces of Sherlock Holmes? Living in that dump?” he pushes. “Are you in trouble?”
“Why don’t you leave John Watson to me,
“No.”
“Leg work,” Sherlock says. “Not that you’d know anything about it.”
“Day after your wedding. 2am on May 19th, to be precise. He showed up on my doorstep asking to be sent away.”
“Yes, hello.”
“I thought I’d do the right thing and warn David,” Sherlock says. “You were the one who told me it’s best just to talk to him. Why are you so—”
“Of course he did.” Sherlock says dismissively.
“How did he get there?”
Sherlock just came from there; John’s been standing and staring silently out the window for the better part of an hour. Sherlock watched him for a while as he stood there, holding Mary’s memory stick.
“What is this, exactly?” Sherlock asks.
honestly
“I think I’d like to start over,” David says. “Tell my wife to stay with that bloke she has wrapped around her finger. Can’t blame her for looking for somebody else, can I? Couldn’t have waited forever.”
“It does sound rather tempting when you put it like that.” Sherlock smiles amiably.
“Not unheard of either.”
“John, there are numerous dynamics in relationships. Some are easy to change and some are not. For many years you’ve let him lead the way, for better or worse. Sherlock makes the decisions. You either go along with them or get upset or both. I think it’s the soldier in you. I’d even venture a guess and say your dynamic with Mary was much the same.” David smiles a knowing smile, which John returns.
It’s a horrible secret they’ve both carried together for years. It’s what made them fall apart.
love. This is caring. And even if that’s all he ever gets from Sherlock, he’s a very lucky man.
“You have to! You can’t stay, I won’t let you!”
“And yet you and Corporal Palmer were both taken from the same observation tower that night.”
“Not your fault.” John shrugs. “Better?”
The day had been a perfect storm for everyone involved.
“Where could you be possibly off to at a time like this?”
“Help yourself,” Sherlock says as he sits at the table, examining a suspicious looking petri dish. Rory peeks his head out of the cabinet in search of something or another in his toolbox, sending another smile in John’s direction.
, Mycroft.”
“And to complicate matters,” Sherlock continues, “he’s been rather unfaithful to her.”
feels - no point in making plans, or worrying over speculations. Once they land in London, like Sherlock likes to say, the game is on.
“I’m sure if you give it some time—”
“Hello, brother.” Mycroft’s voice reverberates through the empty room.
Sherlock swallows, his shoulders slouching in surprise. He doesn’t get a chance to respond, though, when John’s phone rings.
is more important than a British POW found alive in Gaza?”
"What happened?" She questioned softly.
The evening is pleasant. They eat, watch a film, and chuckle at the passed out Mrs. Hudson on the sofa.
"David, please."
“Could be something internal,” Edwin says. “Of Danish politics, that just happened to grab our attention because we were looking that way anyway.”
Oh, as if he could ever forget. “Right. Right.”
“Watsons are always welcome.”
"To what end, may I ask?" Saul asks.
An evidence wall. Notes, pieces of paper, cut-outs of newspaper articles. John had seen Sherlock gather evidence on a wall, just like that, a million times over. This is his work. The notes written in Sherlock’s handwriting aren’t readable—it’s code. They’re only for Sherlock to understand.
The soundtrack to this chapter is the Foo Fighters song
Sherlock frowns again, frustration building up.
He jerks as she pulls at his nose jokingly.
“It’s Lestrade.” Sherlock swallows as he offers John his phone.
“James.” John says. “The holidays… they’re difficult for everyone. I’m sure this one won’t be easy. I’m here... Um.. we’re here if you need anything. Don’t…” He trails off.
“All I need is a connection. You won’t have to do anything.”
“I bet that’s who she called.” Sherlock gestures at the screen. “They’ve been together a year now. They were discussing moving in together.”
“Yeah, you know,” John says and smiles back. “You’re posh and all that. Dashing is what I’m going with. Is that your real hair colour?”
“This is more than a case, John. This is a… conspiracy,” Sherlock says, pinching the bridge of his nose. “Aldridge, Elin Thøgersen, Abu Nazir. So much work and all I’ve found so far is merely the tip of the iceberg. Barely even that.”
Mary’s lips twist in silent anger.
“Do you… do you want some tea? Do you still take it with four spoons of sugar?” she asks with a teasing smile.
“Do go on,” he smiles politely.
“Christ, Sherlock! The last thing you do is sleep with a suspect!” John cries out, scanning the man’s face when something occurs to him. “This isn’t the first time it’s happened, is it? How long has this been going on?”
protection. I don’t know what your plans were for him that evening, but you will not lay a finger on either of them. If you do, no one will be able to save you this time.”
"I'm holding you back. I'm slowing you down. And what's worse..." John paused for a second. He rehearsed this speech, Sherlock realized and, somehow, that made this whole conversation that much worse. "I've somehow put you in more risk than you've ever been before. The blog, it's getting you all this attention. It's my fault."
“I know,” John says with a low, fond voice, chewing his chicken. “Learn to take a compliment, you wanker. How many do you get?”
Mycroft’s lips stretch into a toothy smile. “My brother is a consenting adult, Dr. Watson. Perhaps you’ll do well to remember that yourself.” He looks down at Rosie one last time, then gazes at John for a few lingering seconds before leaving.
“Where is he?” John asks and sighs in frustration when the man shakes his head, not understanding. “The tall man who said you can sleep here.”
“It’s Lestrade.” Sherlock says and takes the call; he listens intently and glances at John from time to time.
Sherlock ignores him and crosses the square to the main road, his heart racing.
“Do you?” He asks bitterly as his stomach drops, knowing full well he has a story to tell John will not like.
“You heard the man, John. I’m a genius.” Sherlock mumbles, releasing John’s shirt. He moves quickly and heads towards the door, calling John over his shoulder. “Let’s go!”
“No, not yet.”
“That’s why I moved to sleep on the floor–”
“Penny for your thoughts,” Mycroft says with an infuriating, sour smirk.
“Oh, you know how it is,” Rory says. “Got sick of all of those poisonous creatures. Snakes and fish and spiders. Couldn’t stand them after a while. People getting bitten and coming crying to me about it, even though we tell them to be careful. They never listen.”
Another:
“So what do you say, petal?” she asks. “Would you like to hear about that deal?”
"I can't find the sugar."
“What do you think of her?” David asks.
“Who?”
Sherlock looks at him in disappointed disbelief. He fast forwards the video to David’s short speech at the podium. “He doesn’t do it here. Only when he stands still next to his wife.”
“See what?” John blurts, his anger getting the best of him. “What do
“She is. I.. completely forgot about her. She was… nice to me, growing up.” Sherlock says.
Molly comes back in, her voice shaking. “I can’t believe you asked me to do that.” She sniffles, “That was cruel.”
What is this fool’s paradise he’d found himself in?
“Because,” Sherlock clears his throat. “We can’t be seen together. I’m an undercover agent, David, I can’t take that risk.”
Grief takes time to take hold. John knows this very well. It grows slowly, slowly. It creeps up on you like vines on an old, abandoned house. You think you’re alright and then one day you wake up and nothing seems right; the world seems suffocating and frightening. It’s that day that John worries about.
And that was that.
“I never said terrorist,” Sherlock corrects him, as he had corrected John a few days ago. “I said turned.”
“I wish I could give you some sage advice about that.” She apologizes, evidently capable of reading minds. “I’m not sure I know him any better than you do.”
John’s eyes widen in surprise. “Yes, I guess I do.”
“I mean, how does it work?”
“Hmmm,” is all John is capable of for a minute. He picks up his hands and grabs Sherlock’s arm, bringing him closer still. It's incredibly comforting. “What for?”
“They’ve been looking for a fourth partner in a new practice,” John explains. “Mike introduced me.”
John is quiet, unsure how to proceed with this conversation without unpacking the train of crushing thoughts that had been eating away at him, sending him into pubs day in and day out.
He closes his eyes as he remembers Sherlock’s confession, his admission of guilt over not recognizing his father’s condition. John knows the feeling himself, knows it intimately. He won’t let Sherlock carry the guilt over something he wasn’t responsible for. He knows all about lies, about letting your family slip away, about living a life full of regrets. It’s time that they talk. Properly.
David does as instructed and Sherlock finally moves, leans forward over the table, moving closer to Khoury.
Cleaning up is his last chore and then he’s all free to move his considerably full attention to Sherlock. He’s nearly done when he feels Sherlock behind him.
It's a plan that could only have hatched in the mind of a world-class strategist such as Abu Nazir; unfailingly mutually-destructive.
“What?” John asks, undeterred. “There’s nothing wrong with it if you did.”
Sherlock purses his lips, his head tilting apologetically.
“I don’t believe we had a chance to meet, Mr Holmes. I’m Thomas Evans. I recently joined as a sales associate. I’ll be happy to offer any accessories you might be in need of.”
“You’re too kind,” he waves a dismissive hand. “Just a little under the weather. Might be a bit of a stomach flu.”
“Ah well, that explains
“He must have royally fucked something up if he’s back.”
Sherlock swallows angrily at Mycroft’s harsh words, looking away.
Sherlock, his eyes staring at passers-by on the street, simply asks: “Are you available tomorrow evening?”
John needs to browse through a long mental list before coming up with a rather impressive answer. “Both, I suppose. Though it may need to change to Four-Continents-Watson if that’s the case.”  A short, redheaded South-African suddenly comes to mind.
“Your colleagues can fuck off, too,” Sherlock huffs, turning his back on his brother.
When they reach the detective, he looks up at them and smiles. Not a second later, Rosie takes a head dive straight into his arms.
He puts the bags on the ground when he enters the living room, pulls the unassuming envelope Mrs. Holmes gave him from his coat pocket. He opens it up and sees he was right, right as day. It’s an old black and white photo. Taken hastily, without much thought, yet it tugs at his heartstrings. In it a young William Holmes is standing with his back to the camera in front of a large window in Musgrave Hall, holding a toddler Sherlock in his arms.
John wakes hours later. Sherlock had always known him to be grumpy during his hangovers, but he’s angrier than he’s ever seen once the other man finally leaves his room.
John nods, signalling him to continue.
He turns his head quickly to see a figure bouncing over the fence into Mrs. Hudson’s ground floor backyard.
Sherlock grimaces at that, nodding again. “It did, after my asset insisted that something was wrong. It did seem wrong, as the British government was not aware of any soldiers being held captive. No faction has ever claimed responsibility for kidnapping them, nor have they asked for a ransom. David and Jonathan have always been considered MIA.”
“Sir.” She nods and walks away.
“Coming!”
“Yes.”
“Jumping from that building, John.” Sherlock says and clears his throat, gathering his strength. “That’s my biggest regret in life. It’d taken something from us I’ve never been able to bring back.”
“What about him?”
John closes the door behind him that morning slowly, hesitantly. He can feel Mary’s presence in the house with every fibre of his being.
“Jesus, don’t—” John blurts out in frustration, throwing accusatory glances at Mycroft and Edwin. He turns, watching Sherlock walking away from the group just as confidently as he’d approached them. “
Easily overlooked in khaki pleats and a tactical jacket, it is odd—knowing who the man is—to find him standing in the middle of the city, seemingly without a care in the world. In his position, disappearing in plain sight must be a necessary skill, and he does it well.
“That’s… normal. Surely they told you that in acclimation training.”
John shakes his head, still eyeing the photograph.
Sherlock shakes his head quickly.
Sherlock looks up to John for the first time since entering the room. John's breath catches. He looks as if he’s asking John’s permission to sign the paper; his eyes are lacking their ever-present confidence.
The lawyer nods, crossing her legs. “Some would wonder why you’d risk your family’s reputation telling such a story.”
The door opens and he hears Molly saying goodbye. He’s relieved. It’s over; he doesn’t have to deal with this now.
“Are you alright, sir?” The assistant photographer’s voice comes from somewhere in his vicinity, close, and yet distant.
“John.” Sherlock calls after him and he turns around. “I know you’re upset but... Do you think... Would you be available tomorrow? The hospital…”
He frowns with a sigh; he’s being summoned again, and he’s not sure he’s in the mood for it. He’s halfway through an internal tirade, his anger flaring with righteous indignation, when she raises her eyes and points at the back seat.
“So.” John runs a hand over his face. “You alright?”
“Water under the bridge, Sherlock. Yeah?” He asks.
“Need any help?”
David nods, hesitantly. He outstretches a hand, grabbing her as she turns to leave. “Just... one more thing.”
“Why’s that?”
). They kiss, and kiss, until last note hovers in the air, whittling out with a flourished finality that has no place in this moment, in this place.
“At the free clinic,” she says and nods again. “For undocumented refugees.”
“Yes, now,” he says gruffly, petulantly, as the driver takes off, “problem?”
“You lost the right to ask for my trust when you lied to me. When you shot him—”
“I never
“Tel Aviv. That’s where she is right now.”
And then they dance.
“It was a pleasure, Mr Holmes.” Thomas smiles. “You have impeccable taste. I wish all clients were like you.”
“Of course you’re religious,” Sherlock says, locking his fingers on the table. “Maybe even devout. Do you know what
“Hm.” Sherlock blinks owlishly. John is a terrible liar. “What’s in the envelope.”
“Of course not,” Mycroft nods. “So why didn’t they kill you?”
“Why don’t you ask Nadi who passed him the bloody thing?”
None comes.
“Should I be worried?”
, he thinks.
"Your response to Sherlock's return was violent. Abusive, even."
Sherlock doesn’t die. He’s invincible. John has to believe that, he realizes and grinds his teeth painfully. Any other eventuality is utterly unacceptable.
“What did he tell them?” John asks.
a quote reads by Alfred Sutcliffe, a retired cop who took part in the original investigation. “
“Do you really need more regrets, Sherlock? Don’t we have enough for a lifetime between the two of us?”
“And who won?” John says and keeps his hand on Sherlock’s arm because even now, John is a greedy man and he'll take whatever opportunity he gets to do this.
It takes Sherlock 1.3 seconds to deduce his day; the long hours at observation, his awkward, stubborn silence turned in Mary’s direction, the worry over the baby’s condition. A beer stain on his shirtsleeve immediately gives away the hours he’d spent in the pub after he and Mary climbed into different cabs and went their separate ways.
“John-”
Rosie is two months old when a woman smiles shyly at him on the bus; she smiles some more when he pulls a daisy out of his hair and hands him a piece of paper signed ‘E’.
The soldier had been MIA and considered dead for nine years; John shivers with the realization that the period coincides roughly with his last tour, discharge and return to London.
“I see,” Sherlock says, pushing down the sense of foreboding sending a chill up his spine.
“Starving, in fact,” John says, and it comes out far more desperate than is probably appropriate.
“Yes.” Sherlock nods. “But he survived it, as did Jonathan Palmer. The whole thing was brought to an end thanks to the Musa Qala elders who negotiated a truce. They were then sent to R&R and when they returned, they were stationed in an outpost just outside Farah.”
Sherlock only relaxes when John points out the detective’s (secret) favourite coffee cart, the one sells that pastry that makes Sherlock happy and relaxed (there's a lot of chocolate involved). It works like a charm, and by the time he’s halfway through the pastry, Sherlock is laughing and smiling at Rosie’s gurgling.
“So your job was really just to check their veracity.”
Elin and David are having a full on argument, right in front of his eyes. Billy doesn’t move a muscle, so he tried again. “Billy, move away from the water!”
John and Lestrade rush to catch up with him but wait till they leave the building before they speak.
John realizes Sherlock’s eyes have been stuck on Rosie this whole time. They haven’t seen each other in months.
“Hello sir,” the voice says. “This is Corporal David Stewart speaking.”
“No offence but you look like you could use a hamburger or two,” David says. “And a good shave.”
Sherlock sits back in his chair, crossing his legs. “How so?”
In his first-ever therapy session with Ella, years ago, she’d told John about the body’s instinctive choices of response to a threat; fight or flight. John knew this mechanism thoroughly and intimately, as Ella quickly pointed out.
“I’m fine, John!”
” Sherlock huffs, his eyes shutting tight. “John—”
He hasn’t spoken to Sherlock for three days; hit yet again by yet another wall of defence in return for his own heart hanging on his sleeve. He’s been bracing himself all day for seeing Sherlock again, for coming with a question Sherlock might not like.
“What?”
John swallows when the reality of the situation hits him. He knows what the doctor is doing; this is a very roundabout way to encourage the family to accept that William really is on his deathbed. It’s doctor speech and John does that himself sometimes without even noticing. It’s still somewhat jarring to be on the receiving end of it.
He sends a raised eyebrow Sherlock’s way.
“Will rather hoped Sherlock might follow suit, just like Mycroft.” She says. “What with that brilliant brain of his. He never imagined he might branch out like that.”
“Of course.” Sherlock looks at him incredulously. “That means we’re on to something. Somebody is cleaning house.”
He wanted to tell her.
There’s no more Sherlock or Baker Street to escape to and even if there were, Sherlock is a problem, not a solution. THE problem. Sherlock doesn’t want him—not that way, not ever.
David is silent for a minute. “Sherlock, do you agree with that?”
James’ tall, proud stance as he walked away from John in Regent’s Park. John’s own dread as he saw him walk away, as he jogged after him for a few more words.
Sherlock clears his throat. “I’ve discussed your… feelings about my therapy with David.” He looks at John as if asking for permission to proceed. “He said that your feelings are valid.”
In the name of Sherlock’s recovery, and probably in the name of his own existential crisis, John has had them secluded for months, shut away from the world save for Mrs. Hudson’s daily visits and Mycroft’s frankly spine-chilling attempts at social calls.
“Right.” Sherlock says. “But you didn’t disclose the romantic relationship.”
“I—” John starts. “...I know.”
Now that he’s allowed access to said lean form, he’d developed a pavlovian response to seeing Sherlock on that sofa. His mind fills with white haze and his ears ring loudly and all he is capable of doing is - and this is not a metaphor - pounce on the man.
Broken and wounded, Sherlock finally raises his eyes to John’s. And John… John reads him like an open book, understanding the painful truth behind Sherlock’s rejection.
Lestrade nods in agreement.
The rental car is awaiting her at the agreed location, which she unlocks with the fob that she picked up in storage unit #213A at St. Pancras right before they left for Calais. Inside the car, she rushes to change clothes before scanning it and finding everything in its place, just as she'd been promised: the meeting point programmed into the navigation system; a balaclava, gloves, a pistol, and two British passports neatly stuffed into the glove compartment.
Alison loses her cool for a split second but suddenly stands taller, her face twisting in determination. “I know about Jonathan.”
“That’s hardly enough, Mycroft.”
Sherlock only goes as far as the gate to the house. He pulls a cigarette and lights it up, staring at the night sky.
“That’s not very comforting.”
Peter’s voice goes higher, angrier. “How can I keep myself safe when I don’t know what’s going on?”
John and Smithy walk silently together, not exchanging a word. The November night is freezing cold, and John is somewhat relieved knowing the man at least has a warm place to sleep tonight—albeit his old room at Baker Street, offered up unceremoniously to a relative stranger by Sherlock.
John moves, carefully closing William’s slightly open eyes. He sends gentle fingers towards William’s, echoing their touch earlier that day.
“The Gaza Strip is impossible to enter or leave undetected, especially if you’re someone as wanted as Sulman Abu Nazir. There are two ways, in and out—he couldn’t have come in through Israel, and the border checkpoint with Egypt is closed most of the time."
“He said no, though,” Billy continues. “Said he wasn’t ready yet.”
“What’s all this then?” John asks, amused. He picks up the attached card. “
She looks at him intently for a bit, then squeezes his hand and leaves the room. Sherlock’s eyes follows her around the house in the camera feed, pulling a box out from the back of a dresser.
“Why did you cancel? What did you say?” Lestrade asks. “Was he upset?”
“New case?” John asks.
, he thinks as he realizes the assumption behind John’s words.
“Obtaining new skills. Tackling new challenges.”
“On what’s waiting for me out there, I suppose.” He laughs uncomfortably, shaking his head. “Which is not a lot, honestly.”
Sherlock examines David from head to toe now, unsure how to respond without disclosing just how intimately informed he is about the man’s life.
John moves uncomfortably in the passenger seat. Now that the plans are in motion he needs a few minutes to regroup. The day has been so unexpected and contradictory; moving from yelling at Sherlock’s family at the hospital to a full-on sting operation, guns and all.
Some fluff!
Frustrated, John looks to the side to see if anyone can hear them. This is a private conversation but they may as well have it now or they won’t have it at all.
They say their goodbyes and exchange Christmas wishes but John’s heart is heavy when he sees James walking away.
Still, bad things happen. Most of what Sherlock experienced, most of his growing pains, were not his fault. His unique brain is both a gift and a curse, John knows that very well by now, and he's not the first to battle addiction.
Back then he had made the conscious decision to take it as a positive sign—that fierceness in David's eyes. That despite everything he’d gone through, David’s mind was clear and sharp, still functioning.
Alison doesn’t acknowledge him.
They took the tube back from the rental agency and John was deadly silent still, growling and grunting in response to the few times Sherlock tried to address him.
John sighs, fed up with tiptoeing around. “I never wanted to be anywhere other than by your side since the day I met you, Sherlock.” He confesses, awaits a response that isn’t coming. “I hated every minute when I wasn't.”
“‘A waltz for Sherlock and John’,” he says, grabbing the door. “How does that sound?”
“Unlike you, I have a reputation to maintain.” Sherlock says, indignant.
“So what you’re saying is that you felt like… a stand-in?”
He looks at Sherlock and makes up his mind. He gets up and grabs a whisky bottle and two tumblers; he’s going to need liquid courage for this conversation.
“So sometime during your time away, kept in the hands of fundamentalist Islamists, you converted to Islam.”
Sherlock sits stock-still.
“I—” John stutters, his lips tight in bewilderment. He bites his lips nervously, clears his throat. “Have you ever considered it?”
He fails. She’s already up, warming Rosie’s bottle; she turns to look at him as he passes by the kitchen then looks away, her lips pursed.
Sherlock exhales impatiently. “If you don’t mind, Lieutenant, please tell me why I’m here.”
“Who says?”
“Excellent. I’m very happy you agreed.”
Sherlock works his way through the detectives' bullpen, relishing the hum of activity he hasn't experienced for far too long. He's not hindered by pain as he was on his last visit, so he looks around, finding familiar faces and nodding as he goes. From across the room, he spots Lestrade and Donovan chatting over coffee. He’s met with a small smile as they scrutinize him from head to toe.
He grabs a brochure from the group's leader before following Aldridge out the door. He has to walk slowly behind him, seeing as the man is using a cane to assist with his crippling injury. It dawns on John, for the millionth time that day, how physically similar Aldridge and Sherlock are from this vantage point. They’re the same height; both wispy thin. The silhouette of a long coat and slight curls would confuse even John if he wasn’t paying enough attention. The only major difference is the cane the man is using.
“Thank you, Mycroft,” Edwin says and finally leaves.
Sherlock frowns.
“It’s nice, dear. So very good for both of you. You moved on, he moved on.” She smiles again, nodding. It’s a warm, understanding thing. “It’s going to be a great wedding.”
He looks up at David, lips curled in a sour, bitter smile.
“What is it?” John detected the hesitation in his voice.
“Is this the famous Rosamund?” James asks and Rosie hides her face in Sherlock’s coat.
“So what you're suggesting is—”
His eyes closed, he practices his apology when he hears footsteps approaching. Sherlock is marching quickly towards him and John takes a long breath and prepares for battle.
“The whole thing was surprisingly dull.”
But not like this.
“I only had tonic water. Not supposed to mix alcohol with my medication. I don’t remember what he ordered. Maybe whisky? He just came over, asked to sit next to me so he could escape a woman that was bothering him. I… I’m not sure how much he had to drink before that.”
“So it
It was nice to be invited to spend their Christmas here despite William's death. He’s lucky Rosie is still young enough to not understand what’s going on, but he vows to make a significant effort to give her truly happy Christmases starting next year. Yes, it’s a silly holiday - he was never one for holidays in general - and a lot of the cheer is fake and manufactured. But it’s nice to stop and celebrate something, whatever that may be, once a year. They’ve been robbed of so many reasons to be cheerful he swears to do better by her going forward.
“Of course you do,” Sherlock mumbles.
This is what their communication has shrunk to.
“Both.”
When John walks into the bolthole an hour later, he finds Sherlock pacing like a caged lion, anxious to hear John’s report on his conversation with Aldridge.
“Wow,” he gapes at Mycroft, lost for words, “that’s… amazing. Is…” He licks his lips nervously. “Is he alright?”
“Don’t let the bed bugs bite, Maise!” Gemma teases. “Not too much, at least.”
Sherlock’s eyes darken, his fingers twisting around the door handle. He looks away again, refusing to meet John’s eyes once he speaks. “Imagine what it feels like to come back.”
“What..? What? Is it Harry?”
It’s terribly lucky that John’s sitting down while having Rosie in his lap, otherwise he would have dropped her straight on the floor the second the word
“It was barely a relationship.” Gabriel straightens in his chair.
Sherlock’s eyes widen with shock, then mischief. “You would.”
“Of course,” he says and reaches for her hand. “You were always... what happened to social work?”
He looks at Sherlock pointedly, trying to catch his eyes. "A perfect exit plan for a bored ex-assassin, no? The timing. It’s weird, isn’t it? The busts on a case you were working on, put there to attract your attention to get the whole parade going. Brave Mary Watson, going away and dying like a martyr to protect her family while in reality, she's back to her old life. Poor naive little John Watson will never figure it out, will have her on a pedestal for the rest of his life."
“She was away for… three months? Is that right” David asks and John nods. “What were you doing during this time?”
He thinks.
“I’m Detective Inspector Lestrade, we’d like to ask you a few questions.”
, as it were, should he feel trapped or out of sorts again.”
“So you... you know her mother, then.”
“It is what it is.” Sherlock says.
“No, no, no,” Aldridge slurs, pushing the man’s hand away. “If you want to help, get me a pint. Let’s raise another for Rambo here.”
He hopes it sounds light and breezy, but he can’t be sure.
“Abu Nazir?” David's brows furrow. “Of course not.”
“Hmm,” grunting, John blinks to wake himself up. “When’s the memorial, by the way?”
“Mary’s going to kill you-”
“It’s
“Is there anything you’re not telling us?”
“Who?”
The video resumes, this time from Billy’s standpoint near the cash registers.
“Have I?”
"And you're a man who keeps his word," John grumbles.
“You could have said something...” John begs and Sherlock pierces him with his brilliant eyes.
, here they are, and John feels the words like a punch. He can't bring himself to close his mouth, blindsided.
“You’re a brave man, John Watson.” He says quietly.
“Is Mary,” Sherlock says, resigned to the idea of her by now. For better or worse, she is what she is.
John clears his throat and his shoulders slump in immediate relief.
“Hardly indicative of pointed war journalism,” Sherlock says. “What are her political leanings?”
“Right.” John turns towards one of the urinals and does his business, looking at David over his shoulder.
“Oh, I see your father isn’t here yet.” The older woman says. “We don’t have to tell him about this biscuit, do we, dear? Shhh.”
“And now what?” David asks, his voice breaking. “What can I possibly give her now?”
John stops at the chippy for a portion of his own as he approaches him, his growling stomach demanding sustenance and distracted by the aroma of vinegar and frying oil. But also, mostly, he buys it so he can have something to occupy him through what he expects to be a short and awkward conversation.
“Probably not, not in the sense you think of as awareness. It’s possible he hears you but we can’t be sure if he understands or registers the meaning of words. It’s hard to say.” The doctor explains. “But if you have something to say to him, you should. I speak to him when I’m there with him. I always speak to my patients, no matter what condition they’re in.”
He made an assumption about this village when they got here yesterday and it seems he was wrong. Sherlock is no stranger in this place. People had been waving at him throughout the day. And what’s more, Sherlock’s father wasn’t the loner he thought he was. Everyone in the village had nothing but kind words to say about him.
"I said no," Sherlock admits breathlessly, pausing as he waits for John's anger to erupt at the mere suggestion of leaving again.
“Why aren’t you asking for Sherlock’s help with this?”
“Mrs Hudson found it,” John said, leafing through the Essex Standard he had hid in his bedroom—evidently not well enough. “This, Sherlock. It’s all so... fucked up.”
“Yes or no, Corporal, please.” The operator says. “Have you ever been unfaithful-”
“Shouldn’t you stay for the rest of the play date?” Sherlock asks.
What a man this family had lost, he realizes and shakes his head to himself. What a terrible loss for Sherlock; losing a grounding anchor in the midst of the raging sea that is this family. Who will ever be able to make it up to him? Of course there’s Mycroft, but Sherlock’ always resented him. He’s the brother, and a brother is very different from a parent.
“Yes, yes. Used to live around here before I got married,” John says. “Tried other groups but Michael, he’s the best.”
Sherlock looks at him, hesitant.
In exchange for the money, Mary hands over a handful of fake medical documents along with two passports.
There’s a long, uncomfortable silence. John can see the multitude of questions the DI has; he’s sure Lestrade sees, knows, much more than he lets on. He doesn’t say as much, but Sherlock trusts him, always has, and that’s enough for John.
You can’t tell your child these things, can you? Not when they’re 18, not when they’re 50. Truth of that magnitude can shake someone’s entire existence. But how do you live an honest life with the people you love without hiding some terrible things? He can’t, in that sense, judge Sherlock’s parents. He’s aching to, but the truth is that in a few years he’ll make the same choices they did. As a parent, you do whatever you can to protect your child. Sometimes that means lying.
John closes his eyes, his heart filled with sadness at the thought. He had no idea James was ever that bad.
John lets out a semi-offended chuckle. Sherlock calls him an idiot at least once a day, but right now it sounds like he actually means it.
John stops to take a breath, surprised when Sherlock doesn’t protest his words.
By the time John looks back, Edwin is half-way gone himself.
“No, John. It was… good.” Sherlock says hesitantly. He squirms in his seat. “Thank you.”
“Which files?”
Sherlock reaches for his pocket, frowning at the name on the screen.
“Nobody. We’ll have to wait till she breaks Mycroft’s spirit.”
“David,” Sherlock says with a small, crooked smile.
“Er, yes.”
Sherlock can’t breathe. “Right.”
“No, I don’t.”
“Wonderful.” Edwin nods back. “I’ll see you tomorrow, then. I’ll send you the location shortly.”
He takes the steps slowly, not turning the light on as he enters. The windows are closed, which makes the silence in the flat even more noticeable against the sound of his own pulse in his ears. He settles in the sitting room, grabbing a chair from the table near the window. He places it squarely in front of the door to the sitting room, his gun in his hand.
“It’s…” John clears his throat and shakes his head. “Not… not great.”
“Yeah, alright,” he nods. He’ll do it, because it’s Sherlock. Because he needs Sherlock and if that’s the way to get him back, then so be it. “I’ll do it.”
Mycroft takes a long pause, looking intently at the man in front of him. “Is there anything you’re not telling me, brother?”
“That shouldn’t be a problem,” Sir Edwin says. “Too bad you refused the Knighthood, though.”
John steps into the dark, noiseless house. He peeks around corners and feels like he’s entering an abandoned museum.
“That’s… unexpected.”
“What’s his name?” he asks, his cheek resting in his palm.
Sherlock encircles John in a tight, crushing hug (“
Sherlock stares out the window, his eyes blinking in gentle frustration.
“Did you eat?”
“Because I killed him, alright?” David roars, hurtling his words like a grenade. “I killed him!”
“He said this in English?” Mycroft clarifies and Sherlock nods. “Who is this asset? How do you know he’s reliable?”
“Erm…” John says, looking hesitantly at Sherlock. “I don’t, actually.” He swallows when he realizes they’re waiting for him to continue. “For a moment there I thought… what if Stewart was the one who broke, and then killed Palmer so he didn’t rat him out?”
? Well here it is,” he gestures sharply to the general direction of the toy section, “you win. Let’s go.”
Sherlock exhales and shakes his head, like he always does when that name is mentioned.
John is stunned to realize it’s only been a week and a half since he sat in his garden and wondered how his life had come to be what it was.
Eventually he gets up, unable to deny his body’s call for some tea. As he takes the stairs to the kitchen floor he notices something’s different. The house is full of flowers, consolation gestures from the people John and Sherlock broke the news to in the village yesterday.
“Oh, I could ask you the same question,” John says, pointing at the room. “Just… coming in for my quarterly top up. You know what it’s like.”
“I saw satellite images of that first compound, though.” Mycroft cuts Jenkins off. “It was demolished by US forces a few years ago. It’s quite small. Three, perhaps four separate rooms. And yet you say you never saw Palmer.”
The quiet, scenic view surrounding them is suddenly the most off-putting juxtaposition to the storm raging inside him.
He lays his head against the rocking chair in frustration, closing his eyes in prayer.
, he thinks. William certainly deserved it.
“What do you mean?”
A week later finds them sitting in a dingy break room at the Yard. They’ve been poring over inane case details for hours, getting nowhere. Sherlock’s phone pings and he hums. John looks up with interest.
. “I’m not stupid. He said he wants to leave the country with you.”
“Looks like you’re planning on conquering Annapurna,” John says. “Bit much, isn’t it?”
"Probably." Sherlock spat back though he wasn't really paying attention to what his friend was saying.
“Did you have a ship?” John teases him.
He gets up and heads for the kitchen, his tea-making ritual automatic. He looks at Edward’s house through the window. He wonders if Edward ever looks at John's house through his kitchen window, ruminating about his own life.
The older Holmes was probably taller in his younger days, but age shrunk him to the size of a likeable old man. John wonders if this is what Sherlock will look like forty or fifty years from now.
The whole thing makes John cringe, to be perfectly honest. Sherlock, however - his eyes lit up the moment he heard the tale of misplaced body parts (“Who’s your supplier?” Sherlock asked Mr. Lyons. John had to divert the client’s attention with a loud cough and a thoroughly polite “Tea?”).
“It’s the type they use in home burglaries when residents are in their houses.” Lestrade explains.
John snorts, amused.
It’s been a week and a half since Sherlock left. Their communications are brief and concise. Mostly texts, mostly from John.
John is tired and frankly, confused. “What? Who?”
The minute John walks in the room, he’s struck with the fuzzy feeling he learned to tamp down years ago. Sherlock is, and always was, a showstopper. The suits he picks bring out the most impressive parts of his physique. Sherlock will turn 40 this year, and he looks every bit as captivating and imperious as he did the day John met him.
“Pardon?”
Sherlock scans John's face, and then repeats the action, as if trying to determine the purpose, the direction of the conversation. “I’m not the most nurturing person.”
he feels in every bone in his body whenever he leaves Sherlock behind in that bolthole; that sense of home he’d felt when he visited Baker Street a few weeks ago, even though Sherlock wasn’t there.
“Maybe it’s best if I just don’t,” David says, contemplating Sherlock’s words. “Is it always like this for you?”
“I think there might be, yes,” Sherlock says. “Though your biggest problem at the moment is the fact that he’s a flight risk. He expressed a desire to leave the country as soon as possible.”
The joke, born purely out of John’s discomfort, triggers the same response John has seen many times on the faces of those who’d had their sense of humour professionally removed, usually due to occupation; a stoney face that simply would not yield.
“Deputy, assistant, aide-de-camp. Whatever you choose to call it is fine by me.” The woman turns from her place on the bench with a small smile.
David shakes his head in overwhelmed confusion.
“No,” Mycroft says evenly, bodily blocking John’s path; he actively resists the pressing urge to rugby tackle the man.
“Eight.” He says, pushing down a crooked grin.
John swallows and clears his throat.
“Yes, very. I always assumed John wasn’t interested in coming back.”
“Of course,” Sherlock says amiably enough, holding back the urge to dismiss the pleasantries. He had, after all, prepared for this; Lottie isn’t a client. For the first time in a long while since anything of that sort had happened, Sherlock needed to be on
“God, I don’t even know where to begin,” Rachel sniffs, a tissue in one hand, David’s right hand in her other. “I guess I just… you know—” She shakes her head sorrowfully. “They came over a couple of weeks ago and said… said that you told them Jonathan is dead.”
“All right, but I’m not coming today. I’ve rented a car. I’ll be there tomorrow.”
“Walph ate my biscuit.” Rosie complains.
It’s the memorial that Mrs. Holmes is worried about. She raises the option of having a service in the village church, to which both siblings respond with a guffaw.
. He thinks begrudgingly.
“Did you slip him a razor blade in the safehouse?” Sherlock asks.
To the best of his abilities, of course. He couldn’t not know
He shouldn't be surprised; nobody ever stayed. It was better this way.
, instead of putting them back together you just toss them aside like a worthless piece of trash.”
There’s a long silence, and John can see the wheels running full speed in Sherlock’s mind.
“Yeah?”
David gawps at Sherlock, eyes narrowing. “Are you telling me that MI6 think that I’m working for Abu Nazir?”
“That’s personal.” Alexander says. “You’re not police, I don’t have to answer that.”
“We can’t,” Edwin says. “That’s the nature of the game.”
“One is that Aldridge is surprisingly sharp for a man in his condition,” John says, “which means that if we ever find another way to approach him, we’ll know he has stories to tell about Stewart.”
David returned home drunk and miserable, never bothering to go upstairs and sleep in their shared bed. Alison, who isn’t an idiot, read the situation for what it was. There was no support group, David was mumbling something about a Captain named Ian, and could she please keep it down?
“Monday afternoon, when we signed the papers.”
There’s a deep pit in his stomach, getting deeper with every passing second as his eyes bore a hole at Sherlock’s nape. The detective sits on the floor with his back to John, gathering the last of the favours into the big carton box.
“Because the trick, Dr. Watson, is waiting for the right time. That’s the difference between soldiers on the ground and rear echelon pencil-pushers like myself—no time for realpolitik when a suicide bomber is headed your way, I get it. But Bin Laden was still the pallbearer at the time. All eyes were on him. Kill him too soon and we’d risk every city between Tel Aviv and Islamabad with nothing left but scorched earth. So we waited for the right time.”
“We…? I thought he asked you to stay out of this.”
“Training?” Sherlock says apropos of nothing as he stabs his food, jolting John in surprise.
There’s a long silence, a hesitant one, before he hears a whisper of a familiar voice. “Peter?”
Mary watches Sherlock disconnect the call with Mycroft and looks at Ajay’s body. “He says to stay put for no more than two minutes. His lackeys are on the way to extract us.”
“They met at the petrol station. I didn’t like Jamie, myself. The two of them together… there was a bit of an edge to them. He was copper, I think, or at least in training for it,” Dinah says. “They started out as friends, but at some point they became lovers.”
John’s hushed curse heralds a long, deafening silence that settles over the table like a heavy blanket. The lack of conversation suddenly draws Sherlock’s attention to his surroundings for the first time this morning; birds chirp happily, welcoming the new day. Traffic has become increasingly busy on the main road—the same road he’d listened to last night.
When he woke the next morning he’d found Mary cooing at Rosie, cradling her tight while breastfeeding.
“Precisely.”
“On what?”
“Sands End,” Lestrade says.
Aldridge is not only lonely; he’s actively being shunned, avoided.
that needed to be relieved.”
John lights up a candle stuck in a cupcake. He blows the candle and makes a wish.
“I’m sorry,” she grabs David’s head between her hands, kissing his forehead.
Lestrade nods and mouths a soundless '
“I know that, John.” Sherlock sighs, frustrated.
“More?” David asks, holding up the bottle of wine.
“We can protect your family, Mr. Khoury, but we’re working against the clock. Abu Nazir isn’t a patient man, and he doesn’t miss much.”
“Shut up,” he says and loads a video, showing images of the homecoming ceremony from the previous day. Sherlock zooms in on Stewart. “Here.”
“That’s not true, David.” Alison says. “You’re still the wonderful man I fell in love with. I know you are. But you need help. Professional help. There are groups, therapists. Henry can arrange for a quick appointment–”
“I converted, for the sake of my sanity, not that it’s anyone's business.” David speaks again. “That’s not illegal in this country. Not yet.”
“I suspect one of my colleagues might be a mole, and I trust you well enough not to betray my brother and I,” Mycroft says. “Is that a good enough reason for you?”
“Oh. I thought Lucas mentioned a law firm’s badge.” Lestrade says.
“He slashed his veins,” Mycroft says. “They’re working on him now, though I doubt he’ll survive.”
“Oh.” Sherlock shakes his head. “No, not a client. An appointment I had scheduled for another day. She asked if we could move to today on a short notice. It was unexpected. Have you been waiting long?”
“No, I know you’re not involved, as in you’re not
It’s a Sunday, and John’s birthday. Sherlock is calling from Chile this time. They calculate time zone differences so Rosie can join in on the fun.
“What, now?” Mary guffaws as she climbs into the back seat, buckling up.
“Tea?” John asks.
Sherlock shakes his head.
.” John says.
“Oh? Oh!” The photographer’s mouth drops when the realization hits him, turning to look helplessly at Elin. “I can’t do this without the flash, I’m afraid—”
Eva writes back.
“Is that Mary?”
“To Mary, who
“Would that appointment be with Mr. James Sholto?”
“So you were close to the Sutton family,” the lawyer says.
Walking to the sitting room, he holds Rosie close, shushing her as he turns on the news.
“Can we meet, Peter? Please?”
, Mary? I’m fine. He’s gone. You know what?
“No, of course not. The great Sherlock Holmes isn’t scared of PowerPoints.”
“I have a lot to think about, John.” Sherlock says and walks towards the coat rack.
Mycroft eyes him now, from head to toe. After a moment he seems to make a decision. “Anthea will be coming over later with something that’ll hopefully clear your head enough to concentrate on what we’re trying to achieve here.”
Sherlock eyes John as he speaks, as if trying to determine if he’s telling the truth.
“He makes better tea.” Sherlock says.
Sherlock gathers his strength and looks straight into John’s soul. “Are you sure, John?”
The hair and the clothes, so different from his usual stern uniform, make Sherlock look 15 years younger.
“I’m not, Sherlock. Please don’t think that.” John pauses, sees an opportunity he’s been waiting for. “I told you I’ll be whatever you need me to be. I’d just like to know if I’m doing anything wrong. If I am, I’d like you to tell me. Tell me what it is, so I can fix it.”
He’s handsome as always in a perfect suit. His body language is deceptively confident and prim, even rigid. John, however, can see the slight cracks in his confidence and prays this goes well.
Not much longer, he knows, and he’ll yearn for the privilege to ignore it.
So no, John can’t complain. He shouldn’t, really. But he lives with the painful realization that he was never really addicted to the thrill of the chase, the blood pumping through his veins.
“Al-”
in the neighborhood.” John nods understandingly, clearing his throat. “Is this about David?”
"Ian?" David asks, still holding onto Sherlock. His eyes flit between Sherlock and John, confused. "John? Who's John?"
“I wouldn’t dream of it, John. Never. How can you think that?”
“That makes no sense,” Sherlock says. “What would confessing to murder achieve if he wants to avoid questions about Palmer’s death—which he clearly does, since that’s what he told the army in his original debrief?”
“Yeah, right outside Brisbane.”
“Yes,” David says and Sherlock’s eyes widen in surprise when the woman hands him a card that he pockets. “Yes, I will.”
“I had to do that once, Sherlock. I had to go back home to Rosie after her mother died and I didn’t handle that well. How well do you think I would have handled it this time?”
"You just want to convince me to visit him.” Sherlock says.
” Sherlock whispers in his ear. He does as instructed and opens the door to the lavish officers’ meeting room.
“It’s barely two and a half, and I look just fine in the suit,” John says. “Look, do you want to eat or not?”
“Sherlock…” he opens his mouth to speak.
“Who’s there?” Dinah asks.
. She can barely move her forehead.”
The lone halogen ceiling fixture buzzes over his head. It feels like a nest of bees is plotting against him from above.
"Things, John." Sherlock says, begging to be left alone.
“Wife?”
Sherlock can’t blame him.
(See the end of the chapter for
a phase during the development of dementia where patients understand that something is wrong and they hide it. It can work for a long time, especially for someone his age. People tend to dismiss things, excuse them, you know. Old age forgetfulness, stuff like that.”
, the thought pops up unexpectedly, and he frowns, sending it to the back of his mind.
), he favors John with a small smile when the man peeks at him through the sitting room door as he takes off his jacket.
“You don’t know that for sure, do you?” John says, his voice cracking with anger. “You don’t actually have any proof. You, bloody Sherlock Holmes! Doesn’t that mean anything? Sherlock, if you let them use him this way—the mind games, the manipulation—you’re no better than Abu Nazir yourself.”
The Café is bustling. Sherlock is sitting with his back partly turned to the window, ramrod straight against a comfortable looking chair. There’s an untouched cup of tea in front of him. On the other side of the small table sits a woman John doesn’t recognize. She seems to be doing most of the talking. Sherlock responds with short and courteous movements. He’s immersed in the conversation and doesn’t notice the toddler calling out his name.
“I thought you were going.” Sherlock says, slightly flustered.
“To William.” They say and raise their glasses in unison.
“He wouldn’t be the first bloke to kiss me.”
“You are. I know you blame yourself but…” John clears his throat. “Mary and I… things were bad before she died. I felt the same as you do right now. I’m not innocent, not at all. You and I... I think we’re both rather... damaged.  But that doesn’t mean we deserve...” He trails off.
Sherlock shakes his head.
They stare at each other, overwhelmed and disbelieving, for a long moment.
“Yes.” John isn’t deterred. “It’s not a bad plan though. Teaching, training the next generation of investigators… idiots or otherwise.”
He curses silently, considering his next move. He can't just leave the phone there. He needs the GPS to find his way back home, and what if Mary calls and Sherlock and David find it?
Her daughter couldn’t find the man of her dreams and chose to be a single mother. Her mother clearly loves her enough to take her in and help in raising her grandchild.
“Yeah, I would. Pretty eyes. Search and Rescue is kinda sexy,” John teases. “Why not. I’d let him kiss me if he wanted to.”
They frown as they leave, bunched together protectively while rushing to get away from her as quickly as possible. Perhaps they were hoping for a bit more sympathy. Women usually do when they encounter her, and the disappointment seems to burn more deeply when she fails to provide it. Her sympathies, should she even be able to conjure any, would do them little good. And conjure them she can’t, anyway. She’d had it far worse than any of them her entire life. Anything noteworthy she’d gained was thanks to herself, and herself alone.
Powerful as Mycroft may be, there are still limits to his influence, and he’d been unable to gain Sherlock access to this bottomless fountain of information from outside the agency’s headquarters. Under the guise of writing a detailed report of his time searching for David’s whereabouts, he has a chance to look into cracks and inconsistencies in the POW’s stories.
“I didn’t say anything.”
While they’re waiting for their appointment, John is thrown back to a conversation he had with Sherlock while Mary was on the run. Sherlock had suggested John and Mary visit a counsellor together when she returned to work on their “issues”. John remembers laughing at the mere thought.
“Alex, come here.” Gabriel says, the gun still pointed at Sherlock.
“Thanks.” John says, his surprise evident in his voice.
“Stop this, Mary—”
“Nothing.”
“Said some jerk had just broken up with her. I think she meant David but who knows.”
“I have no idea what that means.” Sherlock huffs snobbishly.
“Were Sherlock and Mary close?”
“It isn’t,” David sighs, shaking his head. Much like Sherlock, he’s been crouching over a notepad for the last hour, writing and tearing pages out, one after the other.
“Yeah?” He sighs.
On the one hand, he couldn't blame them, any of them. This is such a heavy burden of lies, guilt, and blame to carry and he probably would have acted much the same. On the other, he isn’t sure why Sherlock is being treated the same as Mycroft is. Sherlock was a child who suffered by Eurus’ hands, unaware of his family’s secrets for years. He’s a victim of
John doesn’t follow so he turns to look at him. Sherlock turns briefly sending a meaningful look his way.
“I’ve asked Mrs. Norbury to let us know when he breaks,” Edwin continues. “I’m sure it’s only a matter of time. This is the most excellent development. The Prime Minister will be delighted.”
“Alright,” he says, despite a sudden wave of nausea. “But still, if he knows, then—”
“You have to, John.”
I would have been able to do anything at all, to function
“God, look at us,” David says, sorting through photographs, touching them gently. “Oh, that Rugby final. We lost that one. We were absolutely rubbish.”
“I was supposed to protect you,” Sherlock croaks. “Ensure your wellbeing.”
"Would you have done things differently, had you known?" David asks and John nods.
“Lottie, Lottie Poole,” she says, nodding expectantly. “From church?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
John sighs and nods.
“I know. But in the long run, or if you were being truly honest with yourself at the time, was he not as important? If he were to completely disappear from your life as you wanted, would that have gone unnoticed?”
“Once I hand this over, they’ll have to do their due diligence,” John says. “And I doubt they’d hire the son of a killer pedo.”
Sherlock looks out the window with a sigh, lips tight.
’ and that the swoop is ‘
Alexander yelps in fear and ducks his head down as he steps backwards, though he’s still unable to look away. John hears his quiet sobs in his own headpiece.
“A new one?”
“Oh, you’re in this…?” David says and looks behind him. “Well, that’s quite a coincidence. Ian, right?”
“You have a daughter, yeah?” David asks. “You mentioned the other day.”
As she pulls the balaclava further down her face she picks up the pace, finding her old American accent. She can’t risk being identified should one of them step into the clinic this weekend—high chance of that happening, seeing as the scared one is visibly pregnant.
Sherlock Holmes is long gone, and he won’t be back anytime soon.
“Necklace lady?”
Eventually, they catch up with the very small crowd of visitors. Seeing as this is Christmas Eve the trail isn’t as packed as it might have been over the past few days. They’re all couples, John notices. Walking together side by side, holding hands or hugging waists, speaking quietly. Probably parents exhausted from the company of their kids who needed someplace to escape.
“What do you mean?” John asks, exasperated.
has everything to do with the fact that John Watson, while shorter than his father, stands just as broad-shouldered, proud and defiant against the world.
Priceless words of wisdom. Of course she was right.
“Yeah, actually, sounds ‘bout right.”
“Yeah.” Lestrade agrees. “Something doesn’t add up here.”
Before he even closes the door behind him, Mary places a sated, warm Rosie in his arms. The baby is bundled in a fuzzy towel and smells of soap and laundry detergent. Her post-shower doze is abruptly interrupted by her father's appearance in her field of vision. A smile and gurgle welcome him back, her way of saying goodnight after a long day.
“No, Sherlock.” David shakes his head. “But it’s not your job to decide what will make him happy. It’s his.”
“John.”
“That’s it?” he asks him and smiles bitterly. “That’s all I get? You’ve been gone for nearly a year, Sherlock. How about ‘hello’?”
“He took his ring off,” he says loudly, angry at the need to repeat himself.
“What sort of a compromising situation?” John asks.
“Thank you, John. That’s very kind of you. And I’m sorry about Mary. I never really thanked you properly. I was planning to, in that dinner we were supposed to have. I want you to know that even on my worst day, I knew I could trust your judgment.”
, she can tell by their resemblance,
John.
Sherlock parks the car as John awaits him patiently. The other man joins him at the start of the light trail. It’s a circular oasis of bright flashing lights surrounding a small hill with an old manor in its centre. John assumes this is the aforementioned Combe Hall.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Anything you bring will be fine.” She says and John nods. “It’s nice of you to offer.”
“Are you kidding? How could I forget?”
“It’s a bit expensive.” She tosses an indifferent shrug. “But I’ve been saving up, and life is short, you know?”
“Oh, you’re going to be.” John's voice is low and foreboding . It sends a chill down Sherlock’s spine. He pulls on Sherlock’s hair even harder, his face closer than ever and his eyes burning with anger. “You think you can play with my heart like that?”
“Staring at empty microscope slides. Sherlock, what the hell is going on with you?”
“Do you ever visit John and Rosie in their flat?”
“You, you look at me and all you see is the fool you married, but guess what? I’m not as stupid as you’d like to think. I have enough to take you down if I choose to, even if it means I’m going down with you. Did you hear me?”
“What is it?”
“I’ll be back later. I love you,” she says with the most cheery inflection one can invoke in the face of her husband's dying (dead?) affections.
Rows and rows of green, thick stalks stretched as far as the eye can see, thriving and blossoming despite the region's scorching heat this time of year.
And then there was Janine. If there was ever any ambiguity, any hope, that he and Sherlock stood any chance, seeing Janine coming out of Sherlock’s bedroom was really all the answer he ever needed about Sherlock’s sexuality. But that wasn’t the worst of it, was it? Because the worst part was Sherlock’s harsh, reckless treatment of Janine. The words ‘chemical defect’ will forever have been one John’s worst moments, stealing all the oxygen out of John’s lungs.
It’s the third time he’s asked that.
“That’s not all you said,” Sherlock whispers.
It’s no luck, though, or lack thereof. Despite having known Sherlock for so long now, John still hasn’t figured out that coincidences are very rare indeed.
Lestrade eyes John thoughtfully. “I dismissed it. Sherlock never… you know.”
She trails off, unsure how to proceed.
“Why is it important for you to know you’re the only person in his life?”
“Dig! Dig now!”
It takes John six steps to reach the kitchen counter, he knows, seeing the events unfolding in his mind’s eye. He’ll stop to stretch with a…
The kettle boils, filling the flat with sounds of whistling steam and burbling water. Mary’s hushed whisper travels from her place on the sofa.
“You’re being exonerated from Magnussen’s murder.” Mycroft says.
Sherlock couldn’t possibly be that daft. Mr. I-Calculated-Thirteen-Possibilities couldn’t possibly think that this current shit-show is honestly down to Mary being
from 1996, a publication that Sherlock can only guess has either been long since defunct or merged with other local ones once online publications took over.
“How so?” Sherlock asks, sounding genuinely curious.
“Oh?”
They’re distracted when a newscaster’s voice from the telly interrupts them. In an incredible case of serendipitous timing, John realizes, reports are coming in about a thwarted terrorist attack on London.
If John thought he’d ever known the meaning of calm, of belonging, of feeling connected to this world, he’d been wrong.
“It isn’t about the kiss-”
"You're a spy, aren't you?" David cuts him off. "That’s how you know, isn’t it? That's how you knew I wasn't living at home when we spoke last night."
"Well, you'd know."
“No promises.” He offers a strained smile before heading out the door.
“Things have changed while he was away. His friends have moved on. His wife, still unbeknownst to him, is involved with another man,” Mycroft continues and John’s heart twists in sympathy. “We need to get more information out of him, and someone like you might get him to talk. You served in the same region, you were severely wounded and discharged. You’re his senior in rank, which might draw some respect.”
John exhales loudly. He’s upset. He picks Rosie up and goes to change her nappy, catching a whisper of “Goodbye, Nosy Rosie,” when he moves towards the stairs.
“No, Sherlock,” John closes his eyes, his breath his shallow, a signature move for when he thinks Sherlock is being deliberately obtuse. “That’s not what I mean.”
“What’s that?” John asks, brows furrowed in confusion.
The world moves at normal speed again and John finally releases himself from Lestrade’s hold.
, he says wordlessly.
Because Sherlock’s leaving for Salzburg tomorrow. Only for ten days, but the weight of knowing that Sherlock will be in another country without him is weighing on him. He has never felt this way with other people. To have Sherlock’s full attention, all the time. Mary was away for months, and he went on with his daily life, as much as was possible.
“For Christ’s sake, John,” Mary huffs from the kitchen, “the baby’s not due for another month.”
“Jesus, Sherlock.”
“Because it’s... It’s what I do. It’s what we do.” John says, flustered. “Isn’t it?”
“No.” John turns sourly back in his chair, away from Sherlock’s prying eyes.
The man hums distractedly, immersed in the front page of
"....Sherlock?"
Sherlock holds his breath for a long minute until John’s shoulders slump in defeat.
“I’ve only ever had John’s best interest in mind, Lestrade,” Sherlock says, his voice raw. “I’m just staying ahead of what could turn out to be a very uncomfortable curve.”
“Erm…” John squints,
“You don’t know m—”
“John…” Sherlock begins.
“He would loot. Steal. Small things, packets of cigarettes. Personal belongings from villages we’d pass through,” David says. “It wasn’t right. You don’t do that.”
So, now that you've been warned you may proceed with caution.
Mary will up and leave abruptly sooner or later. Her kind always does, whether of their own volition or otherwise. Sherlock will heroically chase her in the name of the vow he had foolishly made to keep them safe and - Mycroft chuckles bitterly - happy. He’ll send her back to their beloved John.
