Silence filled their ears until Tony finally huffed and said “Swedish men and their architecture styles.”
He and Bruce were awkwardly eating their rabbits, pulling on the meat and stuffing as much as they could without outright being rude. Since the Avengers had hunted down their deer at a later time they were still waiting for them to finish cooking. Tony and Bruce were hungry and their rabbits were still warm so manners or not they were going to eat, even if it was in a sedated state. They weren’t barbarians.
Through the trees they went. Further and further away from the Avengers and, if Tony was correct, away from Hattan as well. Where exactly they were being rushed to he didn’t know nor could guess, but time ticked away with every step. The sun moved forward against his will. The distance increased. The odds of any of their packmates running into them diminishing to nothing. The chance of their packmates catching up upon discovering their disappearance dwindling as well.
Bruce’s eyes were wide as he nodded. “Right, right, big guy. Bring out the big guy.” He shut his eyes and scrunched his face, ready to force him out, and right as it appeared as if the Hulk was about to come out and play Clint crouched down next to them, successfully distracting and stopping Bruce from the shock.
Switching always seemed to correspond with pairs of the same second gender. Omegas with omegas. Betas with betas. Alphas with alphas. Mates in equal standing and sharing trust. They could decide on their role with little judgment, should they wish to share. There was little talk for couples of different orientation. It was always the one highest in the hierarchy to give and the one in the lowest to receive. It was expected. Considered the norm.
The sad part about the whole thing? Had Steve not shifted to reveal himself to be the same alpha he had run into, Tony would’ve said yes. He would’ve fallen head first and done exactly what the Avengers had wanted him to do, say yes and watch it get thrown right back at his face. After spending the day and seeing
Having Jarvis’ and Vision’s curious and innocent eyes on him, and having Rhodey’s, Pepper’s and Happy’s protective gazes wanting to know if he had been
A whine from Steve stopped him from taking another bite. Right, he had forgotten to thank the alpha.
“I’m sorry, Mister Tony,” the large eyes his boy gave him would make even the most hardened wild centaur crumble.
Tony looked at it in bewilderment then at Rogers. For a moment their eyes locked and Tony felt something in his chest. A heavy thump that didn’t exactly come from his heart, but felt as if it did. It took his air with it.
“They’re just giving you a hard time, Steve,” Peggy said as she walked closer to them. “They’re happy for you, aren’t you, gentlemen?”
Hammer suddenly rushed forward. The quick movement halting Tony’s words. His ex-alpha now stood steps away, almost at arms reach but not quite. If Hammer wanted to strike all he needed was to take one more step and lean forward. He appeared ready to.
, paused, “it matters not. What does matter is your phenomenal arrival. Nearly an hour late. How marvelous. Clearly you wish to become a member of the pit.”
With luck, or perhaps past experience, the owner didn’t enter the room and instead left their folded clothing by the foot of the door, expecting them to find the articles on their own once they were done. Which wasn’t for a while. Steve had a tendency to tease more than anything and left Tony squirming under his attention. By the end, Tony was a blissful and nearly boneless mess. If there had been doubts about Steve’s performance or Tony’s satisfaction, they were successfully squashed.
Bucky crossed his arms. “Everytime he uses them the sky cries. Rains for days until his mood lightens up.”
Sam tsked, appearing disappointed in the two betas. “Don’t listen to them. They’re just being dramatic and lazy. It isn’t so bad. Overtime you’ll come to enjoy the walks between home and town. There’s a huge section of forest all around and also a river that runs along the road at a certain point. Nothing like the smell of fresh water in the early morning.”
With newfound panic to motivate him Tony quickly started tucking his own blankets and coat away. The task going slow because of his still sore wrist and even slower when a well meaning Jarvis and Vision tried helping him. The cockatoo’s constant yanking on the edges hardly did anything but the little machine, with his nonexistent hands, rolled all over trying to push the fabric but instead nailed them in place with his weight. He was apparently going too slow because without another word Bruce began folding the blankets that Tony wasn’t holding and didn’t have Jarvis biting and Vision rolling over it.
Out of reflex, Tony stared back. His smile became easier to hold with Steve’s eyes shining in pride, but a soft gasp interrupted them. It had come out of the blonde shifter. Her eyes were wide and staring at his chin. No, not his chin. It was lower. His neck? She had looked at his neck and something from it warranted her shock. The urge to self consciously rub at it was a strong one.
Four Avengers sat at Tony’s and Bruce’s table, the latter sitting on one edge. The Captain was included on the list of the four Avengers on their table. More specifically, the Captain was sitting
The pure interest evident in Steve’s eyes made it impossible to think he was lying and actually could care less about what he’d say. Steve
Ah, this again. Tony’s heart sank. This was the part where Steve asked and Tony would say yes only for the alpha to reveal it had all been a joke.
Bucky shrugged. “Like we said, he’s insecure and it’s blinding him from the truth. Clearly you two are brothers but he doesn’t see that. He thinks you’re going to leave him. It’s only a matter of when.”
He surged forward inside, dragging Steve along, who was chuckling good naturedly at his excitement, and found everyone already gathered and waiting.  All of them were present and wearing just enough to be considered decent and be able to easily take off for shifting, all of them except for Bruce, who Tony barely realized wasn’t going to join them on the run, not when his shift form was the Hulk. It was like a bucket of cold water was thrown on Tony. Here he was, excited to take part in a moon run with his new pack, but Bruce wouldn’t have the same pleasure.
This was the same pack that Steve led through numerous battles. The same pack that gave Steve his fame as a leader and his name. Tony, he admitted, was a
Bucky nodded. “That works. Watch over our territory while we’re away. Strength in numbers, but before that maybe it’s best we spar together for a bit. Give you some tips.”
He wondered if he could add moving parts to it… perhaps a secret compartment to hide a weapon of sorts? An explosive capable of shattering what his gauntlets’ blast could not.
“Tony, does Steve really look like the type of person to do that?” No, he didn’t, but that’s what great acting was for. “I just met him today, but from what I saw in those couple of hours watching him stick close to you I know that playing a big joke is the last thing on his mind. The guy adores you, Tony. His eyes showed nothing but affection for you. In fact I wanted to ask if you both have met before because that look doesn’t happen upon first meetings.”
He wondered if Jan and Hank had a past of trying to cause a heat and getting their hopes crushed after each failed attempt. If that were the case, had they tried for a pup and were left heartbroken after each negative result? Deciding to give up after too many attempts and were left with depression over what would never be?
“Not nearly as close to what we’re estimating their numbers are,” Sam said. “We have to assume most of them are hiding inside their fort or further out into the forest and will come running the moment they hear a fight.”
“Oh! Modesty. Yeah, there’s no modesty here. We lost all our modesty ages ago,” the beta said as a matter of fact with a grin to go with it.
“All right - none of that. Not right now,” Steve said softly, calmly, taking control. “This is probably not the best time. We’re not exactly level-headed to talk about this. We need - we need to breathe. Take a second and just breathe.” Tony did so, willing his nerves to settle. “That’s right, breathe. We’ll - we’ll sit and talk about everything after your heat. Something we should’ve done a while ago, but… but for now, we need to decide on this. Your care comes first.”
This was his. This entire collection of smithy tools were his. They were giving this to him. All of them. Their entire pack helped set it up. Steve had been busy putting all this together.
Before any of them made a move Clint and Sam stepped closer to Rhodey and flanked him. Determined faces on and ready for any challenge. “Listen, for the past few days we’ve been trying to be subtle, but that’s clearly not enough,” Clint said.
Tony frowned in confusion. Lost time? What was she talking about? He looked to Bruce as if he somehow had the answer to it even though he knew logically he couldn’t. Similar to him the omega was frowning as well, looking at
The cockatoo faced away innocently, as if the very thought never crossed his mind. Tony knew better.
“Is that your way of saying I’m young? Because I’m taking it and I accept your apology and your compliment.”
“- and if we insult you in any way, let us know. The last thing we want is Steve over there knocking us to the ground.”
They had known from the start what they had in their hands, and Tony had been blind to foolishly believe otherwise. They had known all along.
He whined at that and hung his head, glaring at the length in his hand and willing it to finish already. If only he had someone else to touch him, perhaps then his body would agree. He imagined another hand replacing his one, running one single finger over the surface and tracing the visible veins. A second hand not his own rested on his thigh, the thumb rubbing gently over the inner section of it. The first hand stopped tracing and was now wrapped around his length. It wasn’t moving, just holding it. The second hand began rubbing up and down his thigh, slowly shifting inwards and heading further down, bypassing his member, his sack, and tracing over the flaps of his slit and dipping one finger to tease inside.
“I should go back out there and see how they’re doing,” Steve said eventually. “If they’re even still out there. How long were we here for?”
“How did she not hear or smell you? I can’t even smell you right now,” Tony sniffed his arm and sure enough he still couldn’t smell anything radiating off of Bruce. His natural scent was not there.
Steve was smiling again when he caught up to them, reaching out to grasp his good hand. “I’m sorry about that. It tends to happen a lot because of, you know, being a famous war pack. We didn’t mean to get you chased from your table.”
“You could have offered assistance while I worked sweat trying to move this thing,” Tony huffed, feeling his back muscles and his appendage he was still not familiar with move in agitation.
Besides him was the odd sight of the other omega walking with a large, feathery white cockatoo on his shoulder and a tiny green, yellow and red ball rolling and keeping up with every step taken by his feet. The omega didn't push or kick to keep the ball moving. It was all on its own somehow. By pure magic, it seemed.
Tony’s heart jumped. Steve had his arms open, his hands shaking as if he was forcibly holding himself back. He was waiting for Tony to take the final steps forward and embrace him, giving him the chance to decide whether he wanted the contact or not. Tony’s eyes stung as the prickling sensation of tears began. He closed the distance and released everything the moment Steve’s arms wrapped around him.
Whatever was said after was lost to him. His mind raced at the lack of knowledge he seemed to have. Was it a recent deal? Perhaps, but that didn’t explain why nobody reacted to the news at all. Not even Bruce. Was this old information? Why hadn’t he been told beforehand? Surely they would have thought to inform him about a future pack travel through the land. Had they simply forgotten? But Rhodey, Pepper and Happy were told and they had only recently joined. So just him? Why just him?
There was some color forming on his cheeks. Tony was surprised he managed to keep most of it at bay. He had been gawking at his mate, sort of, and was caught red handed, but did that mattered? It was
He had to hurry. He reached for Steve’s dick and pulled it upward, giving it a stroke while mentally preparing himself for what was to come. Tony took a deep breath and held it as he lowered himself. As soon as the tip touched his lips he felt himself clench up in anticipated fear. He forced himself to relax, opening himself as much as he could and continued down. The tip pushed forward, parting his lips and piercing his walls and he cringed. Like an old friend that would never be forgotten but he never wanted to see again the sharp pain welcomed itself into his body and he began to shake.
By the next morning, Steve had them marching down the roads with little sunlight illuminating their way. They had left the small village with the inn before dawn hit. A few curious eyes on them and the silence of its shifters a testament to what they were about to face.
Tony mentally snorted, highly doubting Steve would be the smallest and skinniest child he’d ever see. Tony had already seen the smallest child, the scrawny alpha he had run into in that small town. Still, he tried to imagine the tall, muscled and powerful alpha that was Steve as the small child he was describing, but all that came to mind was Steve’s head and face connected to a skinny body and passing him off as weak. Somehow the look still matched Steve, in an odd sense.
To be fair, he hadn’t had a lot of confidence in much for the past couple of years, but ever since he escaped Hammer’s and Stane’s hold and found Bruce and Steve and Jan and got his Rhodey back - he had something worthwhile.
“It’s not fair for her courting me when she doesn’t know what she’s getting into. I’m not fooling myself into thinking the other guy won’t ever make an appearance and I can hide him forever. Unforeseen events will happen, the other guy will pay a visit, and everyone will see. They might accept him, or they might not, and she has a right to know before this goes further.”
“Something that will create a PR nightmare if not handled right,” Peggy answered. “I know you both share a fondness for comic heroes and I believe you will enjoy this little assignment.”
There was movement to his left. Steve sat down with his legs crossed as well and was close enough for his right knee to bump against Tony’s left. “You can understand him? I mean, the sounds he makes, you can understand that?”
Jarvis, still on his shoulder, nipped his ear affectionately. Tony hadn’t noticed when Steve first placed his hand over his own but that was why Jarvis was his second set of eyes. If Tony hadn’t noticed, Jarvis definitely would, and if the bird didn’t like what he was seeing and thought the alpha had ulterior motives he would have lashed out and prevented the contact from even happening. Seeing that Jarvis hadn't even bothered to move a wing it was safe to say Jarvis didn’t think anything about the contact. Now, whether he approved of Steve or not was another story entirely.
"I'm just kidding. I'm always free for you, what did you have in mind? Do I need to get dressed?" The soldier shook his head and dipped his head once more, stealing another sweet, chaste kiss from the brunette.
"Once we get inside that building, turn every disgusting alien creature you see into ash. Got it, Thor?" Tony spoke, looking at the Asgardian flying next to him.
He made his way back to his room, peeling off his clothes in the bathroom and stepping inside the shower. He turned on the hot water, letting the scalding water pour down his tired form, washing away the agony that resided deep within his body.
"Who says I don't already?" Tony opened his mouth to reply but was cut off by the sound of Steve's laugh filling the room. He closed his mouth and simply smiled, letting his AI have the last word, for now, and just enjoyed this side of Steve. It really did feel like the first time Tony ever truly saw Steve this happy, and he was going to enjoy it as much as he could.
It was the bad decisions of him going into the lab for five consecutive days, missing five consecutive therapy sessions, that had maybe pushed Steve away from him. Now that he looks back at his actions, well, he can admit that he fucked up ever since he left. He sighs heavily and puts his head in the palm of his hands. God, he feels so stupid for what he just did.
Love, for example, is given for free but has dangerous consequences. You cherish a person, or for some, you simply tolerate them, and he wonders to himself how Steve can ever tolerate him. He's dangerous in his own way, bound to hurt those he loves the most, the ones who he keeps so close to his heart. It started with Pepper when he disregarded her pleas, her cries for him to stop this whole Iron Man thing. And yet he continued because despite him knowing that maybe, just maybe, she was right that this was an obsession, he couldn't stop. He couldn't stop because if he did he would not be able to protect the things he loved the most; and yet, his own hands can damage the things he loved the most.
They moaned each other's names one last time as they came, their breaths mixing as they panted. They held each other close, the aftermath of their lovemaking tiring them out, but Tony's soft giggle caused Steve to raise his head and look at him with a confused expression.
The way there was nothing for him to do in his lab, nothing for him to tinker, meddle, invent, literally
moment because they wanted each other. They wanted the other to know that the feelings they had were real, that their hearts beat only for each other, that just for now every bad thing will be forgotten, only to be talked about later. They didn't have to talk about the elephant in the room, they didn't have to break away just yet, they could just forget for now and love each other.
"It is no problem. Follow me, please." And so he did. He followed him all the way into the facility, letting T'Challa lead him towards the medical room where his therapy would begin.
"I love you so much, too. And," Tony trails off, brushing back Steve's block locks, "maybe after this is all over we can go on a date back in New York. Ya know, to make being a couple official and all. I'd like that if you would?"
"It's weird, really. JARVIS was able to hack into the organization and bring forth the data on your mission, but then encountered a new firewall where the
Tony kissed him softly, and with need. He wanted to feel the soldier's lips against him one last time just in case either of them didn't come back. No, he shouldn't think like that, they were going to come back, and they were going to put an end to all of this. After they won, Tony was going to spend every passing day with Steve: taking him out on dates, watching movies with him, asking him to teach him how to cook, anything and everything he could think of.
He let Natasha be the one to pilot the Jet, not only because the world is still half blurry to him but because she was practically the expert at flying these things. It gave him time to think to himself once again, collecting his thoughts and emotions. He needed to be in control of his emotions and his thought process in case something bad happened to Tony. If he slipped up they might get ambushed, and he didn't want to put all of them in jeopardy.
And during those three weeks, Tony was Steve's eyes. Always looking out for him when they walked down the stairs together, making sure the soldier didn't trip, helping him with his drawings by looking at the paper while he was sketching, and helping to correct the placement of his hands when they veered off and threatened to ruin his drawing. They were a well-oiled machine, perfect together in all the right ways and where it mattered most.
the blanket, he kinda just slept on top of it. He shook his head and threw up his hands, not bothering with the situation anymore. He completed what he needed to do, and all that he needed to do was leave.
"No, it's ok. I understand, really," he chuckled lightly to himself, grabbing a mug and placing it under the coffee maker, "you wanted to come back, and Fury decided now would be the perfect time to use you on one of his missions. It's no big deal or anything." He shrugged, and with a shaky hand brought the mug to his lips, slurping down his coffee with one fell swoop. He heard footsteps behind him, and then arms wrapping around his waist, Steve's body flushed against him, a soft kiss placed on his cheek that helped calm his nerves.
In a superhero's life, when things start seeming abnormally normal, such as evil not turning up for quite a while, or things just being generally
for Tony ever since the day he left him alone in his bed, and here he is accusing him of leaving him once more. And he can't say anything back, so he continues to stand there and take it, small tears forming that begin to blur his vision.
"I have no idea, Mr. Stark, but I will have all agents get to the bottom of this." Fury sighed and stood up from his desk, making his way towards the door. "Oh, and one more thing," he said with his back turned towards Tony, "if you want me to put my two sense into this, there are two possibilities. There is a mole inside S.H.I.E.L.D. who is actively trying to get rid of them, or there is a being of higher power at work here."
The room looked the same as he remembered it- from all those times before things went to shit where he would go to Steve, telling him about his nightmares and spending the night with the super-soldier. He sighed softly and made his way over towards the neatly made bed, a thick blue blanket covering the white sheets that lay underneath. It's just as soft as he remembers it as if he was laying on top of a cloud. Truth be told, Tony spent the most amount of time designing Steve's room, making sure he had everything, but it was simple enough to not overwhelm him. He smiles at the memory of the soldier thanking him, hugging and telling him he loved the room.
He swallowed the lump in his throat, taking a few seconds to calm himself down before looking back at the screen, his empty brown eyes staring at the soldier who placed himself back onto his bed, resting on his side and just staring at the wall across from him.
"No, Tony, get some sleep and I'll keep in contact with you whenever I can." The genius rolled his eyes and scoffed, shaking his head a little as well before getting up off the stool in his lab.
He wasn't wrong when he thought that where he might be was some sort of prison because realistically, that's what it felt like. There was absolutely nothing in the room other than the bed he once occupied, and a dresser next to it. The walls were pure white, nothing more nothing less, just a plain old vanilla color that once again reminded him of a hospital. The door to his cell, as he's going to call it, was made of metal, as well as the doorknob, too. It was unnerving, to say the least, because it truly made him feel like a criminal- which, in the eyes of everyone else, besides a select few, he technically was.
The world around me was dark, lost behind my eyelids that felt as if they weighed a ton. It was a hazy feeling, my mind was clouded with a thick fog of white, any thoughts I had were unable to pierce the veil of what was going on in my mind. My body felt heavy, the pain of the bullet wounds still fresh, but I couldn't will myself to move or respond to the painful aches of my wounds. I could hear the whispers of the wind outside, or was that on the inside? It was hard to tell, my mind was too fuzzy to focus on anything around me. I could still feel the way my hair was matted from my blood that was spilled forth due to Tony. Wait... Tony?
"It's ok." He said softly. He couldn't really be mad because, well, they were just doing their job, and it's hard enough to put Steve under without the serum interfering with whatever is put into his body.
He had a hopeful look in his eyes, slight fear showing at the mere thought that he would be rejected due to his situation. But he felt better when the soldier stood up and started to enter the hospital bed, the genius moving over slightly to give him enough room. He wrapped an arm around the smaller male and looked at him lovingly.
"Please, don't mention Budapest. I choose not to remember it." Clint groaned. She rolled her eyes, but a small smirk made its way onto her face.
it transform in front of him. His hand started to shake and before he knew it, the creature was already in front of him, lowering his left hand and gently cradling the right side of his helmet.
"Who knew the great Tony Stark was capable of falling in love." Natasha joked. Tony rolled his eyes, but a small smile made its way onto his face.
"Please be alive." He whispered to himself. He rushed over to the left side of the jet, grabbing onto the tear and pulling it apart, making it big enough for him to fit through. The inside didn't look any better than the outside. Seats were thrown discarded, unhinged from where they were bolted down, wires hanging from the roof, crackling and sparking with electricity currents, and glass practically covered the floor. He took a gander at the cockpit, and he nearly jumped out of his skin.
"Please," he says, voice barely above a whisper, "please don't leave. Can't I just... Can I come into your lab and just... Sleep there?" It was a pleading gesture, and he mentally kicked himself for that. It was bad enough the loneliness continued to fester in his chest, brewing and bubbling something so wicked he felt as if he was losing his sensibility, his sanity, too. He scowled more at himself than anything, but it slowly disappeared from his face as he saw the small half-smile on the geniuses face.
He thought he was doing something good by staying in the lab and looking for a cure, but in reality, he was doing just a little more than that. It's not to say that he was intentionally planning on hurting Steve, but sometimes when you care too much about someone you tend to go overboard with how much you care, and it leads you to make bad decisions.
He could see a body laying on the floor, back turned towards him. He heard the glass shards crunch under his feet as he made his way over towards the blonde. He had hoped whatever injuries he suffered weren't too bad and that they could be easily fixable, or the serum would be able to heal it within no time. However, the sight made him just a little nauseous.
He was speechless. Steve was right, how exactly can he prove that he's not one of them? How can he exactly trust that Tony was real to him when there's a possibility that he could be a fake in the eyes of the soldier. The truth was, there is no way for him to get Steve to believe him because he was so far gone that there was no way to make him see real from fake. So, Tony just accepted his fate.
During those three weeks as well, Steve had been helping Tony with everything he needed without complaints. If Tony needed help in the lab with a project for SI or tinkering with his cars or simple things like needing help to eat, he was happy to help. In a way, you could say he was Tony's hands, and he was the best set of hands the genius could ask for. Not only were they helpful, but they were caring. Always caressing the back of his hand, or his face in loving gestures, just generally caring for him in any way possible. The genius's hands were still not fully recovered, but Steve at least made everything better for him.
"You seem most upset, Captain Rogers," Jarvis's disembodied voice breaking him out of his despair, "is there anything I can do for you?"
"For everything, really." He rolled over onto his side, keeping the geniuses head on his chest and his body close to him as he continued. "Thank you for giving me a home when I never had one, you could've left me at the hands of S.H.I.E.L.D. after the whole Loki incident, but you invited me over and gave me a place to stay. Thank you for treating me like an actual person and not an American Icon of Patriotism. It's nice to know someone realizes that I am an actual human being, realizes who I am instead of what I am. And finally, thank you for loving me. When I was broken and scared, you continued to love me through it all and took your time with me, and I would never give up what we have for anything in this world. Thank you for everything you've given me. I love you, so much, Anthony Edward Stark." By the end of his speech, Tony instantly leaned in, ignoring the slight pain in his abdomen area as he gently kissed the soldier, pulling back with a huge smile on his face.
"What?" He said looking at Nat. She smiled at him, walking over towards him and placing her hand on his head, her fingers running itself through his brown curly locks. He sighed and closed his eyes, letting himself relax as she calmed him down.
"You kissing me is a nice way to tell me to shut up," Tony replied, causing the soldier to chuckle in response, "but essentially yes, what I described is a perfect person. I think that's what you should have instead of..." He trailed off and gestured towards himself.
"Jeez... What's with all the yelling? I'm tryna sleep." A voice from across the room spoke. Tony sat up abruptly, rushing out of his seat over to Clint's side as he groaned and moved around in the stretcher.
Not too sure if I like this chapter if I'm being honest. Eh, I'm not gonna go into detail about why, but I at least hope you like it.
"God, you're so sexy when you're turned on. Wonder how many things we can do in the meantime. I feel like climbing you like a pole, although that can wait after-"
"There's a small hatch just right of the center. It leads you down the main entrance but more towards the back, but from there you can get to the control center of the raft."
to save not only his long-lost love but the entire world as well. Hell, Tony practically did that, too. The one thing he would argue would be the use of the word love. Did he love Pepper? The answer was yes, but it was also that feeling of love that really scared him, but this feeling of dread deep inside his heart, letting it take root, and allowing himself to spiral out of control until eventually, Pepper had enough. That's why it was hard for Tony to truly tell someone he loved them, because commitment scared him, and he didn't want to say it when he himself never knew if he was going to live or die any time soon.
It's when he feels calloused, yet soft and gentle hands caress his face, rubbing his cheeks and lightly pushing his head up, only for lips to be placed on his own does he forget the world that is tormenting him right now. It's when the genius wraps his arms around his neck, deepening the kiss and sitting on his lap, carding his hands through his blond locks does he feel safe. It's when his hands wrap around the genius' petite waist, pulling him so close to his body that their chests are practically touching, lets the genius insert his tongue into his own mouth, pulling back only for air and looking into his eyes did he feel like things were going to be ok.
"No! Ah... That won't be necessary. I'll just..." He removed himself from the table he was brewing at earlier, his feet finding themselves in front of the coffee machine again, eyes roving over the various buttons, mug in hand as he stared at the cursed device. He sighed heavily again, groaning in frustration at not understanding what half of these buttons do. It was so easy back then, to make coffee. You just put coffee ground into the top of the machine, add water, turn the coffee maker on, and in a few minutes, you'd have a nice, hot cup of coffee, sitting there patiently for you to whisk it away and drink it to your heart's content. He doesn't know how long he's been mopping, because soon enough the owner of the tower was standing there with a smirk on his face, causing the Captain to scowl at him.
Unconsciously he smiled, thinking of the way Tony's eyes sparkled when the sunlight cast over his face just right, his eyelashes filtering out most of the sunlight that made his eyes pop just right, or the way he licked his lips sometimes whenever he saw Steve; those same lips he wished were on his own right now, or other various parts of his body. And he blushed at the thought because it was just a little bit dirty, but hey there's nothing wrong with being intimate with someone you truly love. Besides, he's not gonna deny that he wasn't willing to fuck Tony against the wall or on his bed in his room. Actually, he'll deny that to other people, but to himself, he won't deny it.
"It's alright, really. Not much you can do except keep looking. Although there is one positive that has come out of this whole mess." This caused Tony to raise his eyebrow, confusion written all over his face.
Fond memories softened the hard exterior of Tony's heart, missing these times where everything was normal, more simple, and not as fucked up, for a lack of a better term. He turned his body towards the drawer next to the bed, pulling the last drawer all the way at the bottom and retrieving his art supplies: pencils, from graphic to charcoal to regular, his black pen, colored pencils, and a black marker. He closed the drawer and exited the room, closing the door lightly behind him.
The pencil tip broke, and he all but lost his mind right then and there. He tried to draw, and he failed due to not being able to properly see. He couldn't grasp the concept of what he wanted to draw from his eidetic memory because he was so focused on the fact that the paper was so fucking blurry. He gave up, and slammed the book onto the floor, grabbing the pillow and stuffing his face into it. He didn't yell in anger, because he didn't want to risk causing any more damage to his already fucked up vocal cords, so he just hid his face until slowly, the anger turned into anguish.
"Hey, look at me." Tony, although reluctant at first, slowly looked up and noticed the soldier's frown turned upside down, the corners of his mouth curved upwards into the small smile he wore just a few moments ago. "It's
to talk to him, that he was finally able to maybe want to move past this with him. It was that trust he had- no, it was the
I just want to say, I am not that good at fight scenes. I apologize for not being efficient enough to write them, but I do hope you still enjoy the chapter.
He hasn't felt this low in so long, and it scared him. He remembers that creeping feeling up the back of his spine, those invisible fingers that tiptoed across each vertebra, each bone, every muscle in his back, spreading out to splay out onto his shoulders, traversing downwards to his arms, slithering towards his chest and stopping only when it hits his heart, squeezing it with all his might that it left him breathless. And it's only when he sits in his room after a long night of trying that the weight of what he's dealing with settles in drastically.
Before he knows it the Quinjet touches the ground, and the hangar door opens. He stands up and walks out of the Quinjet, feet touching the familiar grassy, solid soil of the Wakandan plains he's so familiar with. He remembers coming here and bringing Bucky to T'Challa, who was so willing to help him, help Bucky.
"I told you my name is Tony! God, and of course you're apologizing, why wouldn't you. Fucking hell I wish they never found you or thawed you out, would've been better off without you." His eyes widened as he realized what he just said. He didn't mean that, of course, he didn't mean it, he was just angry, but the way the blonde's eyes turned a shade darker, losing their bright glow, he knew he fucked up. "Steve, I didn't-"
"Hey," the genius said quietly, making the soldier look at him with sad blue eyes. "We have each other now, and through everything that has happened, I'm glad I get to share this moment. I love you, and I'll always love you, Stevie." He smiled at Tony's words.
"So, when you say 'this version of Fury,' you're trying to say that the mission we went on was sent by one of those things replicating Fury?"
"Tony? Tony! Great, just what I needed." Steve sighed. "Widow? Hawkeye? Do you read me? Anybody there? Guess I'm on my own." He let his shoulder sag in defeat as nobody was answering him. It was a bit creepy the way the lights flickered on and off, random groans of metal coming from around him, the way his footsteps were loud in his ear against the flooring. His nerves were on high alert, his heart speeding up in pace. His hands clenched and unclenched, a lump forming in his throat as he swallowed. Why was everything so quiet? Just then, the faintest sound of footsteps in the distance was heard, prompting him to grab his shield and throw it in that direction. Movement was heard, his shield returning to him, his eyes scanning the area around him.
Love makes us do a plethora of stupid things; whether they're logically understandable, or just done simply out of idiocy, we do it because we love someone dearly.
Thick dark lines protruded from the Arc Reactor in a zigzag-like pattern, slowly creeping outwards from his chest to the rest of his body, and he remembers this feeling of death. The lines from when he had the palladium core signified death; in its own twisted form of dark ink creeping, inching, almost trying to choke the life out of his body, touching every area it could, from his chest, traversing and splaying outwards to his arms and down his legs, to the crook of his neck where he remembered the lines were most prominent.  He whimpered and started to hyperventilate, the pain growing as the lines kept ascending, going so far as to crawl up his neck, touch his cheek with an oddly cold feeling, and pooling around his eyes. He clawed at the reactor, trying to tear it out of his body, wanting the lines to go away, wanting the pain to stop. He screamed in agony as the lines started to burn, sending a rippling sensation of heat, comparable to an unsatiated inferno, coursing through his veins as it felt like it tried to devour him. He begged for it to stop, it was too much for him to take.
"Sure, go for it." But the genius just stood there, unmoving, unwavering as he stared at Steve once again. The super soldier scowled at the brunette, waiting for him to take the hint to leave. Sadly, he continued to just stand there.
They walk in silence, and he's not sure where they're going exactly but he doesn't think he can complain about it. This is the closest he's been to Tony in a while, and he all but thought the genius had forgotten about him and moved on. So, for now, he'll take what he can get at this moment. Tony stops suddenly, and he does as well.
Before he knew it, the elevator dinged, signaling its arrival towards his destination. He stepped inside and everything was just as he left it, all except for the currently awake super-soldier on the couch. He smiled at the sight of Steve's messy hair swept in different directions, the only indication that he might have just woken up.
"Wait, what about you?" He spoke full of concern. Tony just simply smiled at him, and while it was another smile given his way, the situation made it impossible for him to enjoy it.
Was his snarky reply. As his body gave out and he fell to his back, watching the world move around him, the clouds rolling through the sky in clumps of grey, his eyes barely staying open, he willed his eyes to notice Loki's scepter aimed at his chest this time. He would've never admitted the truth out loud even in the face of death, but while all those words about him were true, there was one thing he was holding back from everyone.
He tapped the nanoreactor, making the nanites shrink and retract inside the reactor. He walked over towards one of the terminals, pulling up footage from about a month ago while he reaches into his pocket and pulls out a flash drive. "I want it all Friday; all the footage from Steve's capture and any file you can dig up on Ross, as well as a digital copy of those accords."
"He told me all about himself from when he was a scrawny kid from Brooklyn. Everything, not leaving out a single detail. When we got back, he wanted to ask me about my father to which I instantly replied no. From there I said... I practically told him that I wish he was never found so he wouldn't be here today."
I just wanted to say, thank you to everyone who stuck around to the end to see this story finished. Thank you all for the comments and kudos you have given, and I hope you enjoy this last chapter of this story.
"You're g-gonna pay for what y-you did to h-him." He growled. He heard the man laugh behind him, a dark, sinister laugh that sent just a slight chill down his spine, but he didn't let it show.
"Yeah, yeah. Now, how's everything looking over there? I'm trying to understand your mission, so I have JARVIS hacking S.H.I.E.L.D. to get the juicy details on your secret spy mission."
"The Triskelion," Natasha spoke, "but that's all the way in Washington D.C. Why would they go there?"
It was when he leaned down and touched his lips to Steve's did he finally succumb to the feelings harboring deep inside of him, forgoing all the other emotions and allowing the feeling of love to fester, maybe even fertilize and blossom in his heart much like a rose; because roses are beautiful flowers that require the most care and attention to blossom into structures of beauty, and Tony's own heart was a structure of beauty that just needed the right amount of love, care, and attention to blossom.
"I don't even know where to begin, really," she started, "we split up and I tried to get back to where we were originally before we split up. Next thing I knew, the lights started to flicker, and there was this shadow in the room. It wasn't exactly human, because humans don't move around that fast unless you have super speed." The trembling in her fingers got worse as she continued. "It for sure wasn't human, but what scares me the most was that it had Clint's face." She turned to look at her injured partner, his heart monitor beeping normally. "It got in my head, he attacked me and I held back because it was different. This wasn't Loki's mind control, it's like he knew what he was doing. I held back, but that's when things took a turn for the worse."
"I love you, Tony. I love you so much. Please don't leave me..." Steve pleaded. He rubbed Steve's back, comforting the taller male.
"Hmm, I don't know," he started, looking towards the ceiling as he continued to speak, "I'm pretty busy actually; I have upgrades I gotta work on, as well as get food and water since a certain super soldier is always pestering me about that sort of thing. Then I have to go shower and grab some coffee so I can get back to working on my upgrades-".
"Yes." He whispered, rather immediately. "Yes." He repeats, this time louder because he wants to hear the confidence in his voice. "Yes, Steve I'll fucking marry you!" And this time he yells it, and whether the whole world hears it he doesn't care, because all he cares about is Steve hearing it. As soon as the soldier stands up, he launches himself at him, pulling him in for a passionate kiss. Their mouths move perfectly in sync, as per usual, their tongues dance around in each other's mouths, and they pull each other as close as they can get, chests, stomachs, and everything else practically touching.
"It's true," Tony shrugged his shoulders, looking away from Steve, "I hurt you once, and I told myself I would never do that again. You really deserve someone who will make you happy; I even believed that that person could've, or would've been me if I wasn't such an asshole. You deserve someone who's just like you, sweet, adorable, a heart made of gold and genuinely cares about people and won't get mad at everyone, and isn't a total fuck up. You don't deserve-" He was cut off from his ramble by Steve's hand grasping his chin gently, turning his head towards him, and placing his lips onto Tony. It was a sweet way to get him to shut up, and he smiled as he kissed back. The soldier's hand moved from his chin, snaked its way across his left cheek to the back of his head, his fingers getting lost in brown curls as he deepened the kiss, eliciting a moan from the genius. Steve was the first to pull back, a smile on his face as he watched Tony relax a bit in front of him.
"Tony," he heard Clint call his name softly, the archer's sad eyes looking straight into his, "I know you don't want to hear this, or maybe you do want to hear it and it's hard to believe, but really I don't think Steve needs protection. I think he just needs you to be there for him." Tony couldn't stop the urge to roll his eyes, which in return, caused Clint to chuckle softly in response. "Told you weren't didn't wanna hear it."
He screamed, for the first time. He screamed out in anguish, in pain, in suffering as he recalled every hurtful event from his past all because of that stupid word
is what Pepper must've felt like. God, no wonder she preferred not to be in a relationship with him, the suspense of just sitting around waiting for someone you cared for to return home was detrimental on the mind, it was the greatest fear imaginable.
The smell of Iron was faint as he turned a corner, his eyes stopping on a patch of blood that was all but dried up. He walked over and noticed a few more splotches of dried up blood, mere puddles on the ground.
"Agent Romanoff and Agent Barton are there with him," Jarvis reassured. He knew that the spy twins would be there with him, of course, why wouldn't they? Fury was the one who assigned the mission. It still didn't take away the bundle of nerves that were trying to kick their way out of his stomach. He knew if worse came to worse, that they would make sure to look out for each other, but the fear of not knowing whether he was going to come back home or not scared him. Holy shit,
He's beautiful in his own way, and there's nothing he would change about Tony's character. He loves how he forgets to eat and sleep because that's more of a reason for him to care for the genius and bring him food that he's cooked, or going to Burger King and bringing him a cheeseburger. He loves the snarky comments that really annoy him because he knows Tony has his own view on things that potentially make him question his own logic, but typically they try not to go too far. Tony is understanding in that department; he understands that he was at the time still trying to adjust, and he helped him remember the world, even if everything has changed. He loves the man through all his insecurities and nightmares because just like him, he has his own. Tony is beautiful to him, inside and out.
He sighs heavily, running a hand over his face. He tries so hard to not think about the worst-case scenario, but he can't help it. He's grown so accustomed to being Tony's prisoner, as messed up as that sounds, that it's just hard
Being the perfect human, or rather in the case of what the serum was used for, being the perfect soldier, didn't take away from the fact that Steve was a human. And that's what most people forgot what Steve
"Of course not, I like you the way you are. But if you're strangely tired, maybe you should get some sleep."
"It-its ok-kay," Steve responded, rubbing his thumb along the backside of Tony's hand. The genius shook his head, willing himself to look into the tearful blue eyes of the man he loved once more.
"Did you sleep well?" Someone asked. He froze. This couldn't be real, right? His mind had to be playing tricks on him, he's just sleep-deprived, yeah that's it! But it sounded so real... He turned his head slowly, and his eyes went wide. He could feel how fast his eyes filled with tears as he saw Tony, sitting there awake with the biggest smile on his face. A sob escaped past his lips once more and the tears stained his cheeks, but he didn't care. He surged forward and captured the brunette's lips with his, needy and passionate, drawing a moan from the genius until shortly after a small groan of pain caused Steve to pull away and look at him with concern.
He looked at the way her body stiffened, her eyes staring ahead of her, lost in thought. He swallowed the lump in his throat, watching the way her fingers twitched and the way she sighed heavily.
"Wouldn't put it past him, but he should still be on Asgard. I'll contact his brother later, I'm sure he-", his sentence was cut short when his ears picked up the faint sound of yelling in the distance. He cast his gaze on two stretchers being pushed, various S.H.I.E.L.D. doctors rushing off towards the medical wing. He squinted his eyes, and the faint sight of reddish-orange hair flashed before him. He gasped and his body had a mind of its own, his feet leading him towards the medical wing.
Now, what did he have, if he had to ask himself? A job stuck as a field agent, a borderline guinea pig for SHIELD to use whenever, anger, guilt, regret, heartache. He took a deep breath to calm his nerves, desperately trying to stop the whirlwind of emotions fighting for control over his body. He thought of the good things he had. He had a team, who graciously made him their captain, he had a place to stay, once again surrounded by people who cared about each other and-
mean that he belongs to them. Steve isn't property, he's a human being who should have a say in what he can and cannot do. However, he can't really get all riled up because of this, because if there's even a chance for Steve to protect anybody, even if he disagrees with the things Fury and the organization of assholes do, he'd still go to protect everyone he can.
"Ever since I moved into here it's... Been hard to sleep. Most of the time I stay up constantly because the thought of sleeping ends up with me thinking I'm back in the ice."
"Two at the front, they won't see you, however." He takes the first few steps down the ladder, closing the hatch as quietly as he can. He touches down on solid, metal platforming, looking over the metal railing to see the two guards Friday told him about, standing guard at the door.
"If you would like to see Mr. Stark, we're all finished now." He got up from his seat as soon as the doctor finished his sentence, not wanting to waste any more time away from his lover. The doctor led him down the hallway, turning right and walking past all the other double doors that held patients, turning left and heading straight until the doctor stopped in front of two wooden doors.
But each day he spends in the lab is each day he misses seeing Steve after every therapy session. It's not that he's wanting to ignore Steve, and in no way has he forgotten about him, but he's caught up in trying to fix the mess he thinks he's created that he doesn't realize how much he's hurting the super-soldier. Each day he sits in Shuri's lab, tinkering away and laughing with the other genius, that he does not see his lover standing outside, looking into the glass window of the lab and feeling neglected.
For days, and weeks, he sat there and rested his head on the silky soft white bed sheets, never once leaving Tony's side. When Natasha brought over his sketchbook and art supplies, he spent his time drawing images from his memory. Each image brought him closer and closer to tears as he drew and stared at his finished work. He just wanted him to wake up so he could see those beautiful brown eyes he loved so much, he wanted to physically see that Tony was ok. He couldn't handle listening to this insistent as well as persistent beating. He swears he was losing it, listening to the annoying
"You see that I don't get," Tony looked at everyone as he spoke, "one of those bastards was just in the security room and had no hesitation in taking me out. So, if they wanted to get to us by doing whatever the fuck they're doing to Steve, why did they have hesitation to just shoot me on sight?"
"Please," he begged, a sob bubbling past his throat and out his mouth, tears falling down his bearded chin and into his lap. "I just want you to know one thing." The ground got closer, and he didn't want to waste any time.
"Hey, look at me!" Tony shouted, piercing past the veil of terror he felt, his scared, trembling blue eyes focused on his concern, caring brown ones. He swallowed the lump in his throat, still hyperventilating but giving Tony his full, undivided attention. "We are going to get you out of here, alright? I am
matter if he was skinny before all of this because he will always be Steve Rogers, the person Tony Stark has fallen in love with. He was more than just a lab rat; an experiment, everything special about him coming out of a bottle in Tony's words when they first met. However, he was wrong. Steve always had this amazing personality of his, always will be this amazing guy. He wouldn't trade Steve for anything in the world.
"You should know that Steve is unlike anybody you've ever met. He knows that things are different now, and you shouldn't try to hide them from him just because you're scared. He'll understand, you just need to let him in and say you're sorry."
"Things may have ended badly, or good, I don't really know how they ended with you and Pepper, but you're better than you tell yourself. You loved her and showed her how much you loved her, always put yourself on the line to make sure she was ok, and you always risked your life to protect her. Granted, dying isn't always the best to keep someone safe, but what do I know?" He gave a sad smile and shrugged. How could Tony really argue with that? The guy practically gave up his
The giant steel, circular island floating building in the water came into view, with lights on top shining brightly. He maneuvered his way just slightly above the water, coming so dangerously close to it that he could almost feel the water splashing on the front of his suit. He got close to the side of the island and slowly curved upwards, slipping between two light sources and onto the top of the raft. Now the first time he came to the raft was by helicopter, the top part in the center opened outwards when he was expected to arrive here after putting his teammates in here. He regrets subjecting Wanda, Clint, Sam, and that one random dude who calls himself Ant-Man, who he only found out afterward was named Scott Lang- not that it really mattered, but regardless in a way he was a superhero and he supposes he can call him a teammate even if he was against him. Either way, without the top half opening there has to be another way inside.
"Are you ready?" Steve asked, politely. Tony nodded his head, and Steve slowly inserted himself inside.
Those words echoed around in his mind, and it absolutely petrified him. A world without Steve was a cold world for him, one he is not willing to live in. The soldier is his life, and he's not exaggerating that. Once Pepper had left his life, things never became easier for him as he didn't have anybody around to look after him, or they just didn't care. But Steve went above and beyond to care for broken genius, making him want to be a better person. He couldn't lose Steve now, not after all they've been through. Not after all the missions, not after all the stolen moments that he holds dear and so close to his heart, not after Steve had trusted him to keep him safe after betraying him. He's
Warning: This chapter contains self-harm, as well as mental manipulation. If either of these themes makes you uncomfortable, feel free to skip the first half of the chapter in which, we are in Steve's POV, and feel free to go to the next scene break, indicated by the asterisks. Once again, this chapter contains self-harm and mental manipulation. You are not obligated to read the chapter if you feel like skipping over it. If you just want to skip over the two themes mentioned, then once again, please skip all the way down to the next set of asterisks.
The door to his room opened, and Tony entered. Just like last time, the genius looked anywhere but at him. He tried to will himself to meet the soldier's gaze, but once more he turned away. He expected no less from the brunette, but it didn't mean that it hurt any less. However, this time Tony took a second look, and it lasted longer than a few seconds. He stared back into those beautiful, brown catalysts that seemed to be swimming with an emotion he couldn't quite depict. But it was when he saw that first twitch of Tony's lips, the twitch that slowly turned into a small, upwards curve that brought just a small, slight smile on his face, one that Steve himself reciprocated.
that the serum can't fix this; it won't fix it like the broken bones in his body, or the scars that litter his still oh so beautiful sleeping face, because this isn't something physical. Granted, in a way the injury is physical, but broken or injured muscles heal with time, and it's not something the serum will fix like his sternum or his ribs.
"You're so silly. No, because you see me for me. You know more about me than most people, and you like me for who I am, not what I am."
From the first day he left to today, the fifth day, he's done nothing but work in Shuri's lab, and listen to T'Challa give him updates on what he thinks should be changed about the accords, and about Ross himself. Each day he thinks he gets closer and closer to fixing the problem, but he gets further and further away from spending time with his super-soldier.
Tony sighed happily, the corner of his lips twitching slightly into a small smile. "I love you, too." He pulled his hands back and looked down towards Steve's bandaged arm. He brought the blonde's arm towards his lips, kissing the bandage that covered his cuts. Steve blushed lightly, but he thought the gesture was adorable. "We're gonna win, together."
Steve looked over at Tony, the brunette ever so slowly turning his head to look at the Captain, giving him a small smile or reassurance that he was listening before he turned his head away again to stare at anywhere other than where his team was. Steve smiled in return, understanding that while Tony looked like he wasn't listening, he actually was.
"I found him out in the hall outside of his door, sitting there with his head against the wall, eyes closed and the ghostly trails of tears staining his cheeks. I tried to ask him what happened and if he was ok, and he just told me to go away." Fuck, he really must've damaged him more than he thought. All because of his unresolved daddy issues and pent-up anger from it. He let out a sigh which didn't go unnoticed by Natasha. "So I'm guessing you did do something?"
And Steve accepts it because even if Tony hurt him in the worst way possible, he loves this man and forgives him for all his mistakes. He doesn't hold a grudge against him for what he's done, because he's just a human-like him, and he loves Tony for who he is. So, he kisses him back just as passionately, missing moments like these, missing the genius's lips against his, missing the way his tongue would try to fight for dominance with his own, missing the way he held him so close like he was afraid to lose him. He missed it all, and it might be stupid of him to forgive and forget, but after being denied the privilege of holding, and kissing the man he loves, he wants to live in this moment once more.
Once the door opened and closed, Tony wasted no time in stripping himself and Steve of their shirts, pushing Steve back onto the bed and climbing on top of him. He went straight for his neck, letting his teeth rack over the flesh, creating hickeys that would disappear by morning. He licked downwards, tongue trailing down from his neck to his defined chest, altering its path to the left, licking over his hard nipple. The soldier arched his back in response, and Tony smirked.
"You ok?" He smiled and walked over to him, wrapping his arms around his neck without so much as a second thought and pulling him in for a hug.
"What else is new." He gave a deep chuckle at her statement, and truthfully he couldn't blame her. There were many moments in his life that he fucked up on more than one occasion, but he still tried every day to make up for those moments without letting in too many people to see what was really going on with him.
For the record, I would just like to say that, no, Steve didn't die here. Although it seems that way, I can state that he doesn't die.
"So, uh... Coffee?" The genius turned his frown as quickly as he could into a smile, making his way over to the coffee machine.
"Yeah. What's up, Cap?" He replied. He heard a small sigh, followed by what sounded like Steve saying a silent thank you that he's alright before he spoke again.
It was when Tony kissed him a second time, softer, more gentle, and not as passionate or deep, did he speak to him for the first time since they got here once they pulled back for air. It was those five words alone that he spoke, that gave him peace of mind, making him forget his problems, and letting him focus on the one thing that matters the most to him, and that was Tony. It was the five words he spoke that let him sleep that night, wrapped in the embrace of a lover who was scared to let him go and lose him. It was those five words that he spoke, that made him truly feel like he was safe and secure.
To the genius, he will still love Steve through all of this, because he was still the same blonde, muscular, down-to-earth, generous and just overall great guy that he's come to love. It doesn't matter if he can't talk, it doesn't matter if he can't see, and it will
And Tony was willing to roll with the punches on how normal his life seemed right now, because while the life of a superhero courts chaos, and is completely random at times, for now, he'll just stay in this moment. This moment is perfect, and right now everything is normal and feels domestic. And when he's kissing Steve's lip once again for the third time, he feels as if there's nothing that could really ruin what he has with the man of his dreams.
He smiled, a big, bright, yet sad smile as the tears blurred his vision. "I love you, too." He whispered. Steve smiled, and then let his hand rest at his side limply.
"Steve, this is Wanda. She's going to help me, help you." There was a flicker of hope in my chest as I heard the word
If there was one thing Steve was thankful for since arriving in the twenty-first century, it was that everything, mostly the street names, was all the same. It helped that he could remember where things were due to the streets being the same names as he remembered it, the only difference was that everything was restaurants and shopping malls. Thankfully he had Tony to guide him through the day, and take him to some of his favorite spots, too.
"What did it say? Did it tell you where he was?" Natasha asked. Tony shook his head, scrubbing his hand up and down his face.
"Yeah. It's the middle of the night, actually." He tried to stifle the yawn that was threatening to come out, but he failed miserably. His joints popped as he stretched his arms and his legs, it, strangely enough, relaxed him whenever that happened, as if his muscles felt more relaxed. He placed his arms on his desk and his chin on top of them, smiling at the blonde. "It's weird really, usually I'd be able to stay awake for days on end, but when we're talking it's like I can barely stay awake. You're not trying to domesticate me, are you?"
His face flushed with embarrassment, painting his cheeks a tint of red, clearing his throat before he spoke. "Uh... Yeah, sorry, Jarvis. I uh... Want some coffee but I don't know how the machine works." He replied, embarrassment finding its way to affect his speech pattern.
He knows that he didn't have a valid reason to get angry, because it wasn't Steve putting this distance between them, it wasn't Steve who was shutting him out, it was he who was doing all of this. He's been so preoccupied with fixing the situation Steve is in, that he's been inadvertently hurting him. He needs to realize that this isn't something that can be fixed with science. Steve isn't like his machines that can easily be put back together or something that he can make better. He's a human being, and you can't simply try to fix a human being, they're not machines, they have feelings, they breathe oxygen and if they break- which in this sense is a metaphorical term for death, there's no putting them back together so they're better than they once were.
"Jarvis, I want you to get me a holographic recording of this." He said into his phone as he brought it out, bringing it onto the desk in front of him.
"Yes, please." He said softly. It would hopefully help to have some form of human interaction, and most importantly, it might help to gradually talk to someone about his feelings. He was never really good at talking about his feelings, Steve knows that very well, but gradually over time he's learned that it's ok to share your feelings, but that doesn't stop him from being uncomfortable and slightly sarcastic about it.
His eyelids fluttered open, blue eyes exposed to the sun's rays filtering the room, and the same all-white room he's woken up to as usual. Although, there was something different in his room. He noticed his sketchbook sitting on the dresser next to him, and it confused him. He doesn't remember ever having it here, nor does he remember grabbing it yesterday. He also doesn't remember falling asleep on his bed either, he's sure he passed out from crying on the cold, hard, white tiled floor, instead of the bed.
He heard a window break just a short distance away from him, a creature bounding on all fours rapidly gaining distance towards him. He held his left hand out, firing at the creature. It leaped into the air, avoiding the blast and landing onto a banged up and discarded car, teeth bared at Tony, smiling at him. A shiver traversed his spine as he switched to the miniature rockets located on the suit's shoulder, firing a few of them at the creature. It was agile, it moved like a blur and it was hard for Tony to land really anything on this creature.
"Well they are spies, and they are very sneaky. Natasha is the scary one out of the two. I actually thought she was going to kill me after she found you in the hall."
He was worried about Tony; and truthfully he doesn't think he'll ever get tired of being worried about the genius, because he cares so much about him. He lets his head rest against the back of his seat, staring out the window, watching the trees zoom past in front of him, while he just thought about whether or not Tony was going to be ok. He had hoped the Iron Man made it out alive because frankly, there's still so much he needs to tell him, so much that has been left unsaid and they need to talk about. He wouldn't forgive himself if Tony died because of him, hell, he actually almost did kill Tony back in Siberia, and the memory still haunts him.
"When I went into the security room I had Jarvis record the footage to confirm Nat's suspicion, turns out she was right." He paused to grab his phone, holding the edge of the device with his thumb and pointer, tapping the space in front of him as four holograms of footage appeared. "The first one shows Fury making the assignment a few minutes before telling you about it, then he went to his office where he gave you the mission directly, but check this out," he stopped to point at the third screen, "this baby right here, shows the exact time as the second one next to it, and it's the real Fury asking where you guys went. The fourth one happens a few minutes after that one where the fake Fury comes to try and kill me."
The genius smiled, kissing his forehead one more time before standing up slowly. He made his way out of the room, and he didn't realize it at first, but there was a small pep in his step, and his chest felt a tad bit lighter. It was as if there was no weight on the organ itself like some deep dark entity had dispersed from inside or around the organ, or in a more rational sense, the hard exterior cracked and revealed the beautiful sight on the inside. It's like a piece of candy; the shell on the outside is hard, covering the inside of the candy. Once you break through the hard exterior, you see this beautiful flow of orange hue, the Caramel on the inside that's so beautiful to see as it just cascades and compliments that exterior of the chocolate.
"Enough." Steve's voice caused them both to stiffen a bit as he resorted to what they call his 'Captain's voice.' "I'm trying to watch a movie, so please, don't argue." They both nodded their heads and turned backed to watching the movie. As Tony reached into the bowl to stuff his mouth with more popcorn, his fingers brushed up against the little unpopped kernels at the bottom of the bowl. He sighed and slumped into the couch, placing the bowl off to the side. His eyebrow raised a bit as he felt fingers slowly slide under his palm. He cast a gaze downwards to look at Steve placing his fingers between Tony's, holding his hand. He saw the smile on the soldier's face, causing him to replicate a smile across his own. He felt his hand being raised and a pair of soft lips kissed the back of his palm, sending a jolt of electricity that coursed through the back of his palm towards the rest of his body, leaving this enveloping embrace of warmth.
I heard footsteps approaching me, and I willed my eyes to look in front. I saw Tony and a girl standing at his side, her blue eyes fixated on me. I shivered violently, the way she was looking at me didn't convey much emotion, but it seemed as if she was sent here with a purpose.
"How do you do that?" Tony's face scrunched up in confusion, eyebrows lowered, a crease forming between his eyebrows as he looked at the super-soldier.
"I could get used to this, it feels nice," Tony muttered, resting his head on Steve's chest, inhaling the vanilla scent that caused him to relax against the soldier even more.
"How you feel. Maybe if you told him how this situation makes you feel, you could also reassure him that you won't push him into anything he is uncomfortable with." Wanda explained. He pondered for a moment. It wasn't a bad idea, really, it was totally logical that if he talked to Steve about this and told him how he felt about everything, then he could reassure him that they would go at his pace, not Tony's.
"I love you, too, Steven Grant Rogers." Tony placed one last kiss on Steve's head before he, too, closed his eyes and fell asleep next to the love of his life.
"Yeah. I know, I know," he said cutting Clint off before he could speak, "but Cyclops and I talked before you two got here in those stretchers of yours. We concluded that this version of Fury couldn't have possibly done that, because he makes sure to send some of his field agents to scout the area for potential danger, and
"Alright, I'm going, Captain Angrypants." The genius rolled his eyes and proceeded to exit Steve's room, closing the door behind him. The blonde let out a relieved sigh, dropping the towel from around his waist and putting his boxer briefs on, climbing into bed shortly after. He closed his eyes in an attempt to get some sleep, but the night seemed to drag on slowly for him. Ironic, isn't it? Everything around him moves too fast, and now he's complaining about something moving too slow. He sighs in his sleep and squeezes his eyes tighter, willing himself to fall asleep.
He finds himself not in his room, but rather in the communal area of the facility. He doesn't want to be alone in his room, there's nothing to do or to see in there. However, instead of finding himself alone, he sees two figures. While his right eye sees nothing but blurry outlines and figures, his left eye sees blonde hair and brown hair. The voices, however, are very familiar to him. He takes the first step down the small set of stairs, one at a time. He stumbles and loses his balance a bit, thanks to the difficulty of vision he has, and he lets out an agitated sigh.
So he accepts the gentle, loving touch of the soldier because he's done with the hate. He's tired of the stubbornness, the pride, everything that has gotten in his way of just understanding, and accepting that Steve was
"Well loneliness is a weird word, but I'm here to make sure you don't feel that lonely. I'm no Peggy Carter, but hey, I'll try my best."
Tony realizes his mistake- after a small talk from Natasha, of course, and goes to apologize to Steve.
"I..." Tony started. What exactly was he sorry for? Truthfully there were many things he was sorry for, all of which included the feeling of guilt and regret for putting Steve through all of this. He knew it wasn't his fault, but he could have,
He was scared of commitment, and by God did that word make his skin crawl in all the wrong ways. It was so easy to just have sex whenever he wanted back then, to just not care about being tied down. It changed at first with Pepper, because their love was strong, and she changed him just a little bit. But he could never see himself with her fully because his life was too dangerous and he couldn't constantly put her through the anxiety of waiting to find out if he'll come home alive or dead. Then he saw Steve in a brand new way; like the man had this aura radiating from him that just sparked a flame inside his chest that he didn't know was there.
the super-spy twins, to just make a game out of. He was a living, breathing human with emotions just like them, even if Nat chooses to repress them. In his blinding rage, he found himself in his lab, just as messy as when he left it.
"Please no..." He whispered to himself. He turned around as he heard a commotion coming from behind him. His eyes widened, his heartbeat quickened, his hands shook and his breathing was labored while he stood there, watching himself be dropped onto a table, blood pooling around the area where his heart was.
had something on his mind- whether it was a new invention for Stark Industries, or the team, or his neurons firing rapidly inside his brain and giving him thousands of things to think in one sitting, his brain always had an idea of what his hands should be occupied with. But for now, it was just blank. Empty, fogged, clouded, shrouded, any word you could think of describes Tony's head right now- well, that was almost accurate. His mind wasn't fully blank, as it was still thinking about the soldier.
The sight of him putting the plane in the water makes him remember the paralyzing terror creeping up on him, gripping his heart heavily as he remembered himself dip towards the ocean below that contained shards of ice, the only option he had left to save all of New York. He remembers giving up his entire life to saving everybody, and how he was willing to lose his life in return, how
Imagine this; you're given a serum that enhances your body physically, turning a scrawny, dangerously sick person into the picture-perfect face of human perfection. All illnesses simply disappear, you get stronger, faster, you gain super hearing, and your body metabolizes food and drinks faster than a normal person, making it so that you eat more than an average person, and you are unable to get drunk. You don't need as much sleep, you can stay up longer than any normal human, you can go longer without eating, and you never tire easily. As Tony stared into Steve's eyes, of which were comparable to that of a beautifully woven spider web, or rather in this particular conundrum, a shattered mirror, he could truly see just how tired the man really was; not tired in the sense that he needed sleep, but tired in the sense that he was being put through so much trauma and he just wanted it to stop.
"You of all people should know that I myself, am not a perfect person, nor would I want someone perfect. I want you, someone who acknowledges he has flaws, but still has a heart to act on them and tries to make himself a better person. Although, you should really stop trying to be a better person because you're already the best you, you can be." Tony swears that despite the fact there was shrapnel in his heart, that the organ itself was jumping for joy, or maybe it felt like that because his heartbeat quickened and he could feel that in his chest. The things Steve said that got the right parts of his body working, it's a miracle that he hasn't just jumped him yet.
"Tony I've been hit!" He shouted. The jet teetered in the air, and he had to focus as best as he could to keep it in the air. It was hard, but he managed as best as he could. The radar on the panel in front of him showed a red dot behind him, and he could only list it off as one of Ross's choppers that followed him. "Tony I'm being followed!"
I could hear my breathing, ragged, I watched myself convulse on the hospital bed. It was too much to bear, I was so sickly back then, and so weak. Even now with the serum, even back then when I first got it, I was always weak. Maybe Tony was right, maybe I am really weak. I'm a laboratory experiment, a lab rat, everything special about me came out of a bottle...
Before he could speak, Nat motioned with her head for him to follow. The three sprinted their way into a snowy wonderland in the forest, nothing going untouched by the harsh climate. She led them back to where Clint was standing, and as he looked at the ground the tracks were barely visible, but there was no mistaking that there were indeed two separate footprints, one big and one small.
"Yes. Oh, god, please fuck me, Steve. I can't take it." He wasn't lying either, the teasing was turning him on and he really wanted, no, he
Another swig of his drink and he was already halfway finished with the bottle, but it didn't feel right. Normally when he was planning on getting drunk there was a surge of excitement, or sometimes a surge to forget something that he didn't want to talk about, but this time it felt different. It's not like he wanted to forget anything that was hurting him; even if when he looks at Steve the only thing he's reminded of is that he can no longer go near the guy, but despite that, he wasn't feeling the excitement of getting drunk either. Maybe it was just the overwhelming urge to deal with his problems in another way, considering when he had problems Steve was the one he would talk to.
Resting, right, now that the adrenaline was slowly leaving his body he noticed how heavy his eyes felt. Resting sounded perfect. He leaned his face towards the cockatoo in order to rub his cheek against the soft plumage before laying back down. Jarvis carefully adjusted around his movement and ended up nesting on his chest.
Tony and Bruce rushed to their feet and gave each other a quick glance to make sure they were hearing exactly what they thought they were hearing. When they confirmed it they began running to the direction of the howl. Because he was on two legs Bruce began lagging behind, as did Vision, while Tony continued cutting the distance in a faster paced. The cockatoo still on Tony’s back sank in his claws in order to hold on and had his wings out and ready to take to the air the moment Tony reached their destination.
Those fifteen days of taking care of that egg were the most terrifying fifteen days of Tony’s life, but when he first saw the eggshell crack and the chirping from the baby cockatoo he knew he had to do everything within his power to make sure the baby bird grew up healthy and cared for. He expected the bird to fly away for freedom the moment he learned how to, but he hadn't expected for Jarvis to find a permanent spot on his shoulder instead, or for Jarvis to act as his second set of eyes, for both the ground and the sky.
Tony had gotten up, dislodge Steve’s arm around his shoulders, gave his best attempt at a growl and glared at him, consequences be damned. He snapped. “Will you stop that! This is
And as if reading his mind somehow Steve repeated what he had said and left no room for doubt. “No one deserves me like that. I’m not some prince that everyone has dreams about mating. In fact, Thor is more a prince than me. I’m just someone who our pack mates seem to think is the best to lead them, even though Bucky and Natasha are just as equally good to lead us.” Steve kissed him on the lips. “I don’t want better, I don’t want worse, I don’t want anyone except you.”
Steve led them to the trees, stopping at just the edge of them and claiming the spot to place their clothing. While everyone was busy grabbing the edges of their shirts and pants Tony rushed to the nearest tree to hide behind and take his shirt off. He ignored the scars on his chest and made quick work of his pants, starting his shift even before taking them off.
As if the Hulk had just said the forest was on fire, everyone jumped up on their feet in a panic. “Bruce!” Many shouted together.
Tony’s thoughts were brought back when Steve grabbed hold of his erection. The alpha was balancing himself now, hovering right over it, lining himself up. “My favorite,” Steve said a little breathless, “my favorite thought is you. Sitting on my shield with nothing on. Slicking it up as you touch yourself. My name on your lips.”
Steve came jogging over, appearing flushed for some reason and with his pack following after him in a more sedated pace. A bit stunned and confused as to why Steve and his pack came after him and Bruce, Tony leaned to the side to see the table they were sitting on minutes ago for an explanation. All he found was the betas and omegas sitting and standing with heartbroken faces and the beta, Prior, standing on his two feet with his mouth wide open, face bright red with rejection and humiliation painted all over it. Tony wondered what had happened or what Steve had said for him to look that way.
There were no mirrors to help with his appearance so he went for the reliable alternative. “How’s my hair? My face?”
Later, after Tony had taken the outfit off and tucked it away, he made a decision on when to use that outfit for the first time in public. In the three weeks of living with the Avengers Tony had learned how exactly the pack had earned enough coin in order to afford their mansion. They hadn’t earned it simply from accepting large contracts seeing as one never knew when their next set of contracts were going to appear. They weren’t a reliable constant revenue, but while the Avengers sometime lacked in work as a pack they made up for it individually with their special skill set that brought forth produce.
“There’s so much more you could create with iron and fire. More than just items to sell and hurt people. Equipment that can help with everyday life, aid with work, create new and improved tools, make a better future, the possibilities are endless. It’s not that I didn’t want to create weapons, I just wasn’t interested in them. I wanted to…”
Vision’s long whistle interrupted his thoughts and from his shoulder Jarvis flew over to the bed, claiming it. He watched fondly as the cockatoo trotted around the mattress in three full circles before tucking himself in.
spoiling him… and he… was about to break their leader’s heart as repayment, like the selfish shifter that he was.
“We’ll be careful,” Clint offered. “Travel the lands but avoid the fight. We did it with Jan and Hank.”
Steve refused to do so but settled on lowering the genius. This was nice. He felt nice. Tony felt nice. Especially his firm butt. It was all nice.
Loki gifted him with a ceremonial knife when he heard the news. “There is little danger this far north, but you never know who could come knocking behind this door. Use this well.”
to him. Tony had turned around in bafflement and saw all the alphas glaring at the poor blacksmith while also trying to fit inside together to create a threatening wall of upset shifters. It was certainly a sight.
“We need to split up! Cover as much ground as we can. We need to find him!” Bucky appeared no better. He was moving back and forth on the spot frantically. The behavior was apparently contagious for most of the pack mimicked it except for those who were aware of Hulk and Bruces’ situation, and Steve. While the alpha had stopped his grooming in order to focus on his pack he refused to move away from Tony.
Steve bit down again as he slowly sank in. Tony felt every inch of it, his body opening up just as before, being filled by his alpha. He buried his face on the soft blanket to muffle his moan. The thrusts were slow and gentle and every time his hips were pushed forward it caused Tony’s legs to slide up until eventually he was on his knees with the upper half of his body still pressed against the mattress.
Tony didn’t condemn Rhodey’s use of white lies. If anything it had created the desired outcome. Confidence. No matter how brief. He had stood tall with little holding him back. His only weight on his shoulders his father’s disappointment for presenting as omega.
This was the other side of Steve he had yet to see, and now that he was he realized just how lucky he truly was. This man could have easily been a tyrant, could have showed off his strength in the most violent of ways, and still earn the same respect as now, but instead he was gentle, sweet, caring and took a great deal in protecting his pack.
It was something at least. He just wished he had thought beforehand to grab the seasonings and spices to give the meat the extra taste to it. While he loved the bloody and raw flavor of a newly killed rabbit or deer like any other shifter, Tony favored the cooked option that gave crunchy results. He wouldn't object if the food came in a soup with vegetables or, hell, was just salted, too. Personally, he thought the food tasted better when eaten on two legs. Then again it could be his biased side talking. He preferred his human side more than his wolf side. Humans had opposable thumbs and him being a tinker, of course, he was going to prefer the side of him that had full mobility of his fingers and capable of grabbing things.
pack, relaxed him enough to just lie down with his eyes close and enjoy the sound of rustling trees and early animals (a group that Jarvis was definitely not a part of, lazy bird) making noise.
“Well?” Hammer shook him. He always hated being ignored. “What will it be, Darling?” He inhaled. Took in a long sniff. The grip on Tony’s throat suddenly tightened, causing him to choke. For a brief second Hammer’s face grew darker. Murderous. He looked ready to kill Tony on the spot.
Jarvis hadn’t remembered that night, could barely remember anything of his first month now with the memories of his youth slowly fading, but Tony could recall it clear as day. It was the night he realized how much he had to lose now, and how much power Hammer had gained.
“What’s so bad with having the skill? I’m just making observations. If you want to keep it a secret then we’ll keep it a secret. You know about the other guy, it’s only fair. I won’t say a word.”
“Allow me,” there was shuffling and then a spark before light engulfed the room. “That’s better. What do you think, Omega?”
Steve’s fingers seized their motion and splayed over his skin, palms pressed under his naval and staying still. “Tony… do you want to?”
“The sun is up, most of the shifters here are wide awake and I'm pretty sure we don't have time to get breakfast if we want to catch up to the Avengers,” Bruce answered, finishing packing the last of his blankets in his bag.
He couldn’t think about that now. The journey was ahead and Steve and their pack needed all the support. There was no time for his issues.
“Lie down on your back,” Steve ordered. Tony’s back was on the bed faster than he could’ve nodded, but Steve wasn’t satisfied. “Get your entire body on the bed. Legs, too.”
Tony hushed and soothed the little machine, ignoring his own discomfort in his now wet clothing. Jarvis whistled in concern and landed on Tony’s shoulder, helping with the soothing. Thor, Clint and Sam stood nearby with their heads low, no doubt feeling responsible for what had happened.
“True. Right now, though, we’re not looking for adventure. We’re looking for answers and our answers may just be behind this wall. We need to get a move on before we lose more light. Rhodey, you’re up.”
These thoughts haunt him day and night. The flawed memories that he carried, giving him glimpses and leaving the carnage to his imagination. Steve couldn’t go on without knowing. His broken memories weren’t enough. The little bits he could recall haunting him, mocking him with what he could do.
“Hulk,” he barked with no ounce of fear, “give me your bags. Quick.” Hulk did as ordered. His long clawed fingers somehow delicately handing over the bags slung over his shoulders. Steve wobbled at the extra weight for a second before adjusting. “Take Tony to the town. As fast as you can. Don’t hold back.”
There was no mirth, no playfulness anywhere in Rhodey’s stance. Dark, steeled eyes pierced at Steve. Tony could feel his alpha’s own muscles tighten up, something that had him worried.
Steve let out a little gasp. The look of discomfort from before long gone. “I think I know exactly what we’re going to do when I get you alone again. Do you want to hear about my fantasies?” The alpha’s eyes locked onto Tony, dilating with lust at whatever he was picturing in his head. “You on top of me. Straddling me. Bouncing with passion. Riding me until you can’t move. Using me until you’re satisfied.”
“Stop trying to steal my Tony, you jackal. Get your mate to take care of it. In fact, maybe this will get Rhodey going.”
Bruce lowered his eyes, staring intently at his hands. He had them still with tension. A silent argument occuring in his head. Then with purpose those hands separated, his shoulders straightened and his head was head high, higher than ever before seen on the omega.
The confidence Tony had moments ago disappeared and if it wasn’t for Bruce holding his arm again Tony would’ve turned back to the safety of their shack.
Still, when the Avengers who were standing and sitting down and not splashing about straightened up and gave acknowledging looks towards Steve’s direction Tony gave in to his desire and took another peek only to come upon the sight of a giant, golden wolf shaking his fur and shuffling his paws, and then Tony knew the reality of what was going on.
“You know,” Rhodey said, interrupting their silence, “as far as pregnancy announcements go, this was by far the most elaborate. Only you would create such a scene, Tones.”
It was no secret he had sex. It was also no secret the Avengers lived with him. It was also-also no secret when Tony returned after an impromptu night out. Back to his home. Where the Avengers also resided. Using the same living space.
The rest of the Avengers were talking amongst themselves. Tony listened in while trying not to appear as if he was actually listening. It was hard to do. Their dinner was finished cooking and each already had slices of their own. The Thor fellow hogging most of it, probably claiming two whole stags for himself. Because of their food, they started talking about one of their many hunting experiences and were in the middle of a tale that involved Thor throwing Clint for some reason and ending with him getting stuck on a tree. Tony couldn’t stop the snicker that escaped him in time and earned himself a playful glare from the beta because of it. Steve, who hadn’t said much after getting his share of the food gave him a fond look after the snicker and started laughing himself.
With a sigh Tony continued walking, determined not to let the prickling pain in his legs show, and if his head hung a little lower than before, well, it wasn’t like any of them were going to point it out. It was what they wanted to see, after all.
Vision whined at them from beside their feet. He didn’t seem to appreciate their horribly timed banter.
Tony had been hard at work with his forge, enjoying the sound of steel against steel and the fire roaring in the background. His body sore in the most glorious of ways. Muscles overworked from so much time spent striking and lifting (and other times in more ways than just handling steel). The discomfort in itself was enough to distract him from the trial he seemed to carry often. His body warm with arousal. Scent heavy with need. Ever since the first time he spent together with Steve his body craved that same intimacy almost daily. Enough times to tire out even the youngest and fittest shifter around, but not Steve.
A loud but muffled screech interrupted him and made them both part away in a jump. The screech came from the direction of the window and was accompanied by the sounds of scratching and pecking on the glass. Confused but tensed from anticipating danger, Steve slowly rose and moved quickly to grab the closest item to act as a weapon, that being a candlestick. Once armed he made his way to the window. Tony watched him go in appreciation, eyes following the alpha’s rear. He couldn’t be faulted for doing so, even if the situation didn’t call for it.
Before Steve could add in or reject Pepper piped up. “If it’s all the same to you I can remain here and keep an eye on the place. I feel I’ll be nothing but a burden right now. Maybe after a few more days of training with Natasha, and my aim becomes steady.” Pepper looked worried when she said this, as if expecting them to be disappointed.
They rutted against each other like teenagers. Against the wall of the communal kitchen. They never even bothered with the zipper of their pants or thought to take this somewhere more private. It was rough and fast and it dulled Tony’s senses of their immediate area. If any of their teammates walked in Tony wouldn’t bat an eye at them. All his attention was on Rogers and only Rogers. The burn that coursed through his body was building and the pressure slowly grew with each desperate jerk of their hips. He groaned, moaned and grunted with each thrust. The release he so desperately wanted getting closer and closer until he couldn’t take it anymore.
“I am,” Tony got to his feet and made his way to the Hulk. Rhodey let out a sound of frustration before searching through the piles of unconscious and dead Hydra shifters for a ‘bigger’ gun. His eyes lit up after spying the biggest gun around. “
The alpha was bearing his teeth. Eyes blazing with rage. Then all at once he stopped. His eyes lost that feral gleam and his snarl turned to a cruel smile. Sharp enough to cut glass and Tony held no doubt he would use it without hesitation.
Perhaps too sensual. Tony squirmed when he ran those hands down his sides, holding back a laugh as it tickled. Those hands soon ran over his front. Over his belly and then up his chest and when Steve’s fingers flicked his nipples it caused his entire body to shiver.
Fear made itself known in his gut. Bruce had already revealed his secret to his mate and she accepted him. Tony was the only one that remained to pour his bleeding heart out, and sweet words of promise or not, his secret was worth changing one’s mind over. What would Steve say? What would his reaction be? Would he still hold Tony in his arms, knowing everything Tony had to offer was already there? Would he take in another mate to bear his pups, making up for what Tony couldn’t give him?
Tony grinned. “If anyone had a chance between all of us it would be the big guy. You can’t blame me for going with him for protection.”
“Big contract. We’re on our way to take down a raider’s den. Rumor says they might have Hydra in there, too. What do you say we go together? For old time’s sake.”
“Sure is. You let me handle those pesky weapons and focus on anything else that comes in. You’d be surprised how many shifters bring their dented kitchenwares in here. You’ll have hours assigned on just them.”
A future where his pup wasn’t used as a pawn against him was a future worth risking everything. To hold Steve again. To reveal the incredible news. To congratulate Rhodey on being an uncle. To share this happiness with the Avengers.
Tony took the opportunity to sit with his back against a tree. Bruce joined him. Vision rolled over and got comfortable in-between them. Jarvis remained on Tony's shoulder until he got comfortable on the ground. Once he did the cockatoo took off into the trees to search for his meal.
Natasha pierced them both with her green eyes. “Don’t hide the truth. Even if it means striking at his pride. This is about you and your needs.” Then bluntly with a raised eyebrow and the shadow of a smirk. “Was Steve’s performance satisfying?”
“Then I'll try everything I can to subdue him, or get the Avengers to help me. I'm not letting go without a fight, Brucie, and I'm not going if you're not going.”
“Well behaved, huh? Oh sure, I remember your well behaved ass jumping over old man Harold's fence after running over his garden. You are the epitome of the perfect child.”
Tony had to wonder why the pack stopped by the shacks in the first place, but whatever the reason for it he was happy deep inside. He never imagined anything interesting happening to him after he became pack-less, but this topped the list easily.
It was always about earning as many favors in a short span of time. Packs never remained long and first impressions were important. If you couldn't catch a single lead alpha's eye you were going to be left far behind.
Tony didn’t want to, but he didn’t have a choice. It was the first day in the Avengers’ home - no, not the Avengers…
Squaring his shoulders, taking a deep breath, and trying to calm his nerves Tony entered the room with no door. Inside a male shifter stood behind an anvil, holding tongs and a hammer. His arm with the hammer was raised and ready to strike the pan his tongs were holding in place. By his side the furnace was lit with a small flame, the ashes flowing through the air. Tony inhaled the wonderful scent that made him feel instantly at home. The warmth, the grease, the smell of hot metal, oh how he had missed it. His love for creating had reignited like the flame in the furnace.
They all eventually passed out, sleeping in odd angles and areas where they shouldn’t have gotten up to. Steve woke up with Tony still in his arms. It was still nice.
Clint was smiling with his tongue out. “Great. That means you’re not against contact, right? I don’t have to worry about you pushing me away when I snuggling up against you. ‘Cause I will. I’m warning you now.”
Tony snorted. “Attacking me right at my age. You wound me, Jarvis. You have no love for the elderly.”
Teeth grazing over the hardened nub, the hand pressing down on the base of his dick and one finger slowly making its way to tease the tip had Tony shaking in pleasure. He was close now. He could feel it building up and knew his body was eager to release it if he could just get that extra push. Then the mouth detached itself from his chest, the head it was connected to rose and Tony came face to face with Steve.
They have Tony. They have the one thing Steve could never prepare himself for, and he’s absolutely terrified for what they’re going to do.
“It’s the only correct opening that doesn’t consist of traps and dead ends. If we try to enter any other way we might find ourselves at the ends of pointed spears and poisoned darts,” Tony answered, joining her at studying the wall.
old. His age also stopped any chance with younger mates, so that prevented any possibilities from happening. Frozen in its tracks before it could even start. If his embarrassing first meeting didn’t send the alpha running the other way his age certainly would.
Thor had learned a thing or seven from her. Something Tony found himself grateful for. Thor knew her basic spells for the task and her remedies that, while wouldn’t be as potent as his mother’s, would do the work nonetheless. Work that Tony desperately needed after the dangerous and unrecommended exercise he had just gone through.
After nearly two months on the road, the sight of the mansion could’ve brought him to tears. Now he understood what relief his packmates felt upon looking at the building the first time they brought Tony and Bruce to the mansion. Tony had never truly experienced homesickness, but now that he had he understood the importance of the pack and how much he appreciated each of his packmates. The familiar comfort holding them all together as they journeyed far from their den was not to be scoffed at.
notice me more vigilant of you and will want to know the reason why. And because I’m doing it they’ll start doing it, too. If it’s important enough for the Captain to keep watch, it’s important enough for the Avengers to do it as well.”
The very ground shook as they paraded down the road. Bystanders watched as they disappeared, gazes trailing, before wisely returning indoors. Even when out of the village Tony still felt eyes on them, and probably for good reason. They were currently the main center of attention. It wasn’t every day that a war pack off to battle marched the very roads used by packs of all varieties, and even less for shifters to be lucky enough to see them. When the opportunity came they would grab it with both hands and take in as much as they could, telling the tale of seeing the war pack with their own eyes to friends and family and strangers.
The idea of having the Captain, leader of the Avengers, ex-leader of the Howling Commandos and all around big alpha to ever alpha, as a friend, or heaven forbid a
“What has you so deep in thought, Sir?” Jarvis lifted one leg at a time carefully and side-walked to plaster himself against Tony’s neck.
“Want to check what other slower game this forest has for us later on? No offense, but by the time you get four other rabbits it’ll be time for breakfast again,” Tony offered. “I smelled a river nearby while running. Maybe there’s fish in it.”
Steve licked his own snout and stared at him intently. Tony began fidgeting under the gaze and was about to make an off comment when Steve leaned in and licked the top of his hand holding the peach. It was an affectionate gesture that bordered on acceptance. What Steve was accepting Tony didn’t know but he sure as hell wasn’t prepared for when Steve decided to pump his head against his arm and pushed to snuggle under it. He paused and waited for Tony’s response, hope swirling in his eyes, and while Tony hesitated he still felt the warmth that came from having someone so close and willingly cuddle up with him.
Caught a little off guard, Tony looked to his boy and then back to Steve. He wasn’t prepared for that comment and he certainly wasn’t prepared when Steve didn’t deny it either. The wild centaur smiled warmly at him. As if to express it true.
Under Stane’s icy glare was a stern look. Disapproving and displeased. The look a parent would give their child when upset after the child had been caught doing what they weren’t supposed to. A look Stane often gave over the years when Tony was under his care. A stare he continued to give now as if Tony wasn’t over forty years old.
Tony was in his wolf form with paws that couldn’t use the rune gauntlets. If he tried running head first they’d shoot him down before he could get within biting range. Bruce, well, Tony didn’t know what Bruce was capable of, both in his two legs or four, but he figured the other omega was just as defenseless as him and they were going to have to accept whatever fate they were destined for after these raiders were done with them.
He felt mortified at his situation. He was basically walking naked with his arousal out in the open for all to see if not for his fur providing some coverage. It did nothing for the smell, however, and he knew the moment his mate realized this. Steve had stopped with his paw in the air and turned his head sharply. Concern and control were in his eyes. He knew they needed to hurry.
“The noise you made,” Steve said, and even with his voice muffled Tony could note the raspiness of it, equally overused as his own. “It was adorable.”
Steve ran a hand over his own cheek and chin. “Am I? Can't think of a reason why I'm glowing. No, actually, I think I can.”
Tony added five runes on the bow. One on the center of the bow to bolster the wood and make it indestructible. Four on the side of the bow to give it it’s power. A red rune that, upon contact with an arrowhead, would ignite it in flames. A blue that would frost the arrowhead and carry with it the magic that would freeze any target upon impact. A white rune that would light up the arrowhead and send shockwaves the moment it touched a target. An orange rune that would stress the arrowhead to the point of an explosion. The blast doubled with the magic the rune would give.
Tony had foolishly believed his three friends were there to stay with him. Sam and Clint were trying to court his Honey Bear after all. He was nearly brought to tears when he remembered Steve never offered a permanent stay. To be a part of the pack.
“Nice to meet you, Bruce. This little feathery menace on my shoulder is Jarvis,” Tony pointed at the cockatoo.
He flinched when he felt Bruce’s hand gently grasp his arm. The omega was giving him an understanding smile, waiting patiently. Jarvis landed on his shoulder and yanked at his hair and Vision bumped against his foot encouragingly.
the Avengers territory. Such a thing should have been impossible. The chance of it slim to none. Hammer and Stane should not have been this lucky. No one was.
All at once, almost eerily so, the entire area became quiet and everyone snapped their heads to their direction. Tony had not said his statement loud enough, but it seemed he didn’t have to, not with the ears the Avengers carried.
"Sounds like the perfect gift for him.” It was funny, Loki thought. The child in the letter wrote to Santa, but it was Anthony that would give him the very gift he wanted.
Tony nodded and trotted off when he heard a “he-yaw!” from Peter. Paying close attention to the angles Peter moved his reigns, he was led back through the crowd and towards the area the finishing line for today’s race was located. He moved at a slow pace and was occasionally surprised when Peter pulled to slow him down further or even come to a complete stop when families, humans and centaurs, got in their way. A responsible racer in the making.
Maybe that was the reason why the Avengers haven’t reacted to Bruce’s odd scent yet. They were accustomed to odd scents and, unless provoked, wouldn’t make the first move. It was all good news for Tony and Bruce. It meant the Avengers didn’t invite them to a secluded area to attack for one reason or another.
“You didn’t let me…” he trailed off with a look to the spot, letting Steve know what he meant. He took notice of Steve not-so-discreetly wiping his left hand on his dark pants. So that was why.
The sound of flapping wings and a thud signaled the arrival of the cockatoo. Seconds later he felt the talons of the bird scratching along his back, stopping right over his shoulders. The ball made more noise before rolling closer to Tony and embracing his belly. Tony huffed at this and curled in further to surround the ball. He huffed again when he felt the bird pressing on his fur in order to form a nest before cuddling in. “Thank you, Jarvis,” he said once the bird was settled.
Tony, not having a single clue to what was happening and feeling exhausted from everything occurring, asked himself the all important question,
Bruce being a feline shifter, or any other kind of shifter, was firmly crossed out. There had to be another reason why he was so hesitant about revealing his wolf form. Perhaps his form was bigger, much bigger, than the average omega? Omega wolves were typically smaller than alphas or betas. Alphas were, naturally, the largest with the betas in-between, but sometimes a small alpha managed to squeeze themselves through every once in a while, and the same went for a few large betas and large omegas.
Bruce walked up to him and set his pack right next to where Vision was waiting. “I can’t feel my toes.”
Satisfied, the betas turned to walk back where they came from, but Tony didn’t miss how the balding one hid in the shadows of the steps and remained there. Keeping watch.
been so long, after all. A year, I believe? More?” Hammer said casually, but his stance created a different tone. Hands balled up. Arms pushed out to appear bigger. Low brows and pursed lips.
It could’ve. Family packs usually preferred avoiding any fights since they had children or elderly traveling with them and hated separating. That would explain why Tony managed to run away. The pack stuck together instead of breaking off and chasing after him, but from what little Tony saw from the pack he didn’t find any children with them, and their fur appeared soft and healthy and free from any whithered white fur, meaning they were in their prime.
Tony managed to have a small conversation with Rhodey involving how many months he was on the road searching and the roads he had traveled before Steve decided it had gone long enough and came over to pointedly sit next to Tony and frown at Rhodey. The atmosphere filled with tension from his appearance and Rhodey knew not to push so he excused himself, gave Tony a regretful glance and left. Tony watched him go with a heavy heart, not feeling at all relaxed or cared for when Steve kissed his forehead.
Steve kissed him. Soft and gentle. When he pulled back the smile from before returned. His eyes shining with joy. “I told you I’d make you my omega.”
-” Tony pointed at the alpha. “are that scrawny child that looked as if he could’ve been knocked over by strong wind?”
Tony thought about it. He had to assume the beta Hank was speaking of was Jan, and if it were true that meant that Jan and Hank had shared a heat together, meaning the two betas had triggered one on their own accord and one main reason to do so was a pup.
Something would come. Eventually. Tony just needed to wait and keep his energy up in the meantime. Emotionally and physically. He couldn’t give up hope.
He stopped mid-step, body going cold at the trickling sensation between his hind legs and landing on his tail. His heart jumped. Already his body was producing slick to prepare for the peak of his cycle and that was bad news. He thought he had more time. From what he remembered his body usually took hours after the initial tingling in his abdomen before slick started to produce and his cycle took full force.
While in his high he was vaguely aware of his alpha's erection still pressing against his lower back and the grunting sounds Steve had done in succession before feeling a string of heat land on his skin.
Rhodey shrugged and Tony wanted to hit him for how casual he looked. As if it wasn’t important if he got discharged or not. “Probably. Doesn’t matter if I did or not either way.”
Steve and Bucky exchanged questioning looks but Hill didn’t say anything else and quickly walked away, leaving them no choice but to continue on with the mission blindly. They walked inside and sat in their self-assigned seating. With a rumble and a high pitched screech from the engines the jet took off, leaving both agents and pilot with four hours of free time and nothing to do.
Steve’s sharp intakes of air were a reason for concern but the alpha seemed adamant to get them to their destination. Tony’s previous unease was overshadowed by Steve’s current state. He had no time to think about the citizens or their reactions to seeing the Hulk or their judgmental expressions over his unplanned cycle. He didn’t give their shocked gasps or their hurry to hide from the large wolf’s sight a second thought.
“It’s meant to be a compliment?” Steve didn’t look sure himself. “Don’t tell the others, especially Rhodey. I want to live with you a lot longer.”
What he’s not ready for is watching something dragged in along with this group of alphas. They drop a limp body before him. Battered and bruised already. Smelling of fear. Smelling familiar. The scent, he recognizes. It makes his blood boil. His pulse quickens. He begs it not to be true, but the reality is staring him in the face.
One of the heads barked in laughter, “You have been chosen to be the dragon’s new body and yet you know nothing of it. I had expected many things from the dragon’s choice but I am greatly disappointed by this. You are of no challenge to me. Neither you nor your bird and cat pets.”
It was considered a draw eventually, but Steve kept count and knew technically Natasha had won. He wasn’t going to tell either of them that. They’d keep going, wanting to win and Steve wanted his turn already.
His throat suddenly grew lumps. Multiple lumps. Hurtful lumps. Somehow brought upon by just Steve being his sweet and caring self. This was exactly what he always dreamed his cycles would be. With care, love and affection, and Steve was giving it to him just as he had dared hope. He hadn’t realized how overwhelming it would’ve been. His emotions were getting away from him… again.
Tony decided to just play along instead of making the child feel a fool. “Is that so? Well, you better grow up fast.”
Perhaps the gesture of inviting someone to sit with a pack for something as ordinary as spending time together was outdated? That would explain why these three,
“A simple guess.” Loki frowned in annoyance. “I sense of your skill, but it is not strong, not like my own. I wield natural magic that my body creates and the usage of staffs is to create a path for my magic to be easily released. But if I were to hand you a staff I imagine it won’t be of any use to you, am I correct?”
Instead of denying Loki and calling his bluff, everyone in the room except for Tony and Bruce and Natasha appeared uneasy, and Tony was positive if they all had their tails and ears out they’d be down and in-between their legs.
“You sound a little frustrated there, Stark. Couldn’t find anyone to take you in tonight?” The smirk on Rogers’ face made Tony want to punch him.
“Although,” Steve gave his nose a lick, “I’m saying this now because I know our pack. They’ll demand answers as to where you went as soon as we get back.”
New outlook, new experiences, and a new mark. Tony was ready and eager to finally appreciate his new life and love Steve with all he had.
The list went on and on until Tony’s own name was thrown in the pile. To find a Steve all one needed was a Tony.
scamp manage to win you over?” He pointed his thumb to Steve. “Certainly not his charm. Alpha wouldn’t know how to compliment if it hit him in the face.”
Tony pouted, “Aw, Jarvis, you should have let him go swimming instead. I bet he’ll look good with wet curls.”
“Ah,” Steve’s high sense of smell. Of course he’d be able to smell a pregnancy. Especially Tony’s. That meant Steve knew before Tony even learned of it, but for reasons unknown kept it quiet from him. Tony would have to ask him about it.
Jan soon followed with one of the legs of the deer clamped in her mouth. Steve appeared afterwards with a larger deer than the previous three. But the one Thor carried in his mouth easily beat them all. Tony didn't even know deer could get that big. It easily rivaled him in size, but since he was an omega, naturally smaller, it was a concept not hard to do. Still, he was a shifter. There had to be an exception sometime.
It was like an arrow right through Tony’s heart. He had a pretty good idea which omega the beta was referring to. Everyone was wary of Bruce, so perhaps he had something to give to the Avengers, but Tony? He was wearing clothing that framed loosely on him, had a sharp face that made it obvious he wasn’t exactly healthy, didn’t have any kind of aura that made him dangerous like Bruce, and frankly looked out of place with the entire pack.
The alpha was panting and seemed to turn bright pink when Tony and Bruce faced him. A distance behind him the visiting pack were watching him closely, some with smirks, others with annoyed looks and some seeming to be holding in laughter that was on the verge of bursting out.
Tony was ready to ask her what she meant, to tell her none of what happened deserved an apology from her, but Jan was quick to lift a paw and shush him.
“And tell me,” Bruce continued, “does Natasha really look like she’d play along? Or any of the others for that matter. Sam? Thor? Jan?”
He sighed. What rotten luck. To be carrying just as Hammer and Stane made their move. It was as if he had hand-delivered their leverage on a silver platter. The two would not, and
Tony took in every detail of every structure and every color and every sight. In doing so he failed to notice the pack slowing down to a stop and nearly collided with Thor’s back. Bruce holding him still was the only reason it didn’t happen. Everyone was facing the same direction, including Bruce. Their gazes were aimed at Hank, who was hunched over slightly and had his arm pressed against his chest, shaking. Jan was nearby with her hand on his shoulder for support, but even Tony could see she was a bit shaken herself as well.
Fixing up his bag, combing his hair and looking longingly and with concern at his decreasing tooth powder and half-full canteen he was ready to start the day and make the walk towards the Avengers, even with his back slightly straining and stomach rumbling for food.
Tony whined when a finger slowly accompanied Steve’s attentions entered him, rubbing softly against his walls before the finger pulled back and entered again. Two stimulations and now Tony had no control of his legs as they spasmed. The pleasure going through his body was intense and overwhelming. He had already gone through one climax, and while his dick didn’t seem interested in trying again, his cunt was pulsing with heat and want and soon with Steve’s gentle and skilled care he was reaching his peak again. He arched high when his second orgasm reached him and cried in an ecstasy he was unfamiliar with and couldn’t believe he had been living without.
“Oh? Perhaps a different kind of recruiting then?” Prior somehow managed to purr louder. “Just so you know I wasn’t talking about my fighting talent.”
So strong was the smell that emitted from the fight that it had Tony gagging. And the sight of Steve fighting so savagely sent fear to his heart. If Steve were to direct his rage at him, there was no possibility Tony was going to survive.
“Thank you,” Peter put the hat on, thankful to have it back. “What a crazy thing to do, Mister Steve. All to show off to a pretty boy,” he said in a plotting tone, or as plotting as a six-year-old could sound.
“I'm sorry, that was rather insensitive on my part. I had to make sure. I've known Steve long enough and never thought I'd see this moment.”
,” Tony stressed when Steve looked skeptical. “It wasn’t their fault. It was all me. I panicked when Thor -” Steve’s eyes darkened, “No! No, no, not like that. I panicked because I’m not… I’m not… I didn’t know how to handle it…” Now that he said it Tony had to admit it sounded pathetic. “I know I was supposed to wait my turn and I tried to leave, I
A beta or omega arriving and in search for a shack could enter theirs to check if it’s free. And even though their scents were recent and enough to ward off others it would only take seconds to scan the shack and find a bag on the corner and a curious or desperate person to snatch it up and disappear with the contents hidden inside. Tony promised himself no one was ever going to get their hands on those gauntlets.
Why would they when Tony was never going to have a heat and he had ‘taken’ the suppressants Hank had given them just before their journey.
, do you know this, Jarvis?” Tony tried keeping the panic out of his voice, but the idea of his cockatoo having flown over enemy territory and became a possible target sent his nerves over the edge.
“Caught this one myself first, boys. Ya gonna have to wait yer turn.” That warranted a laugh and Tony began struggling. He didn’t want this.
Steve pulled away as if burnt. Understanding crossing his face. “Sorry. Sorry. No hands. Promise.” His hand didn’t return, but his mouth did, making Tony arch again with a moan.
The staff moved. He hadn’t realized his eyes were locked on the weapon until Loki held it up in an angle that caused Tony’s gaze to meet his. The serpent raised an eyebrow questionably and with a smirk. “Have you spotted something to enjoy, Dear Anthony?”
This was why Hammer was so tolerant. He needed Tony. The alpha knew without Tony he would lose the golden egg he had. It wasn’t out of kindness. It was an investment.
Tony nearly whispered.  His bag he left behind in their shack that had his gauntlets in them that he swore nobody was ever going to use on an innocent shifter or against him ever again.
“We need to get down there,” Tony urged. They were meant to group up with Thor and his team, but either they took too long or Thor and his team were forced to act fast, moving on without them.
Bucky shrieked and leaped away, narrowly avoiding the Hulk’s full mass on him, but the large wave the Hulk created still caught him. It caught everyone in the vicinity, in fact. No one had been safe. Not even Jarvis, Redwing, or Vision, who had been relaxing by the edge of the pond, believing they were safe from the dreadful liquid.
Bruce cleared his throat and made to get up, “I’ll go and search for a stone,” but before he could actually set a foot down Natasha reached behind her and offered a flat stone that was perfect to use as a pan. Tony didn’t know when the red-headed alpha found the time to disappear and search for it when he was pretty sure she had been sitting with them the whole time and never moved a muscle. Did she carry flat stones with her for the hell of it? Tony didn’t know if he wanted the answer to that.
“I know. They’re good folks and I’m glad you’ll be working with him,” Steve gave him an encouraging lick at the tuffs of hair he could reach. “Is blacksmithing something you enjoy?”
With encouragement Tony got up and prepared for the journey ahead. When Steve finished strapping in his armor he patiently waited, eyes never trailing far from watching Tony. A smile graced his face when Tony tried taming his wild bedhead and happily took up the job of helping him, running his fingers through the dark with silver strands. Face to face they stood. He took longer than required with each movement but Tony wasn’t going to rush him. Not when the sensation felt so good.
He stays in this state for hours with only his mind to entertain himself and the sounds of footsteps and metal clinking to keep him company.
He was with child. He was in the grasp of Hammer and Stane. Steve and their pack had still not found them. Tony was in very real danger.
He was sweaty, covered in grime and probably smelled, but he felt a victor. On top of the world. He couldn’t wait to finally reveal it all to them.
“We’ve lost our comrade!” Thor hopped around in a manner Tony hadn’t believed possible with his large physique. His mane had already suffered from the battle with misplaced strands sticking up in odd angles and it only added to the image of his panicked behavior. Loki watched him with amusement from his spot, a smirk on his snake face.
Tony gave Bruce a pleading glance and only got a raised eyebrow and a shrug as a response. He didn’t know what to do and couldn't figure out why Steve Rogers, the
Steve ended up taking him further down the hall, pass the rooms and down a hidden set of stairs that led to a bathing room that had a stony floor with a drain and a wooden boxed-tub at the corner already filled with warm water.
“Probably,” Steve said bluntly. Not even bothering to sugarcoat it. “At least it'll be quick and painless?”
“You can be the greatest genius and the most skilled, but you’re nothing if you’re not respectful, Sir.”
Another fond memory he had was when Vision first beeped and rolled, signaling he was ‘alive’ and kicking, thanks to the yellow rune Tony had used on him. The little red, green and yellow machine was made from scraps of metal he had collected and modified without Hammer's knowledge. He worked the metal to be strong and durable while at the same time to be light enough for Vision to roll away from danger if he needed to. Though the machine refused to stay more than ten feet away from Tony. On top of that, he made a permanent home in Tony’s bag. Wherever Tony went he was pressured into carrying his bag, otherwise, he was going to have a very annoyed machine following after him and beeping constantly. The one thing Hammer absolutely hated. The irritatingly high pitched noise Vision created would send him to a rage. Tony wasn’t going to give Hammer a reason to take and sell Vision like he had always wanted to.
But when he turned and accidentally locked eyes with the Captain and received a wave and a shy smile he figured it couldn’t be that bad. He only wished the Captain would stop looking at him so friendly, so fondly, as if they were acquaintances when he had never met the alpha before in his life.
changed Tony’s life. As he stared at everyone around him, the Commandos, his pack the Avengers, he couldn’t help but think how lucky he was. He didn’t know where he’d be if he had never left Hammer that fateful night or had met Bruce or had run into the Avengers. It was more than what Tony could have asked for. He was healthier than ever before. He had experienced a
, clearly,” Tony was sure Loki had just given the snake equivalent of a grin, “and even as you arrive late you wish to continue the pursuit. How dutiful of you.”
The jackal trotted forward and wagged his tail when he released the prey. “We come bearing gifts.” He made his way over to the coyote, getting greeted with a lick to his snout that he happily returned.
Tony wanted to growl, but he knew the act would only encourage Hammer’s ire. The alpha was not joking when it came to threatening those Tony cared about. Tony had learned long ago the alpha would be true to his warnings. Had learned first hand what would happen if he misbehaved when Hammer nearly clipped Jarvis of his wing when he had only been two months old.
Cheers came from the Howling Commandos at Steve’s confirmation. As to celebrate, the Commandos and the Avengers all sat together and proclaimed the feast in honor of Steve and Tony. Many tables had to be pushed together in order for them to all fit, and while other guests weren’t exactly happy with the loud noises or the lack of space, the owners were more than eager to hand them drinks upon drinks and meal recommendations. Steve had been strategically placed in the head of the gathered tables. Tony sat right next to him, almost on his lap as Steve refused to let him go. His cheeks were flushed from all the attention. He really wasn’t dressed or was presentable for the occasion, but he couldn’t escape at the risk of appearing rude.
“This is great,” Bucky had said. “Do you know how many times I’d lose that idiot when we were pups? He was teased a lot for his size back then but let me tell you, that runt could disappear like
Bruce was way above something so trivial. He had lived as a doctor helping those in need for a time. To even get offended at the idea of someone doing the reproductive tango was beneath him. He had more important things to do, like curing diseases, saving lives and changing the world.
Sam contemplated the question, looking to the alpha leader for approval. When Steve gave a small nod he said, “Steve has a dislike for people picking on others. He can't stand it. We're thinking that gets tenfold when it's someone he has an eye for.”
Steve appeared as if he had recently sucked on a lemon. “We are to fight Hydra packs. We cannot risk more than we already have. Too much caution will end up our downfall.”
He remembers learning he’d been stuck in a feral state for nearly two months. Locked up in a cage meant for the Hulk while his mate recovered in the emergency room. He remembers crying into Tony’s arms when he learns what had happened during their captivity. Of the lives he had taken with his rage. Everything that had happened out of his complete control. With no say whatsoever of his actions.
An alpha that goes feral is simply too dangerous. To the public. To their family, their friends. To their mate.
Silence hung in the air between them. Having been left in an awkward place, Tony imagined the brunette was just as much at a loss for words as himself. He wasn’t brave enough to break the silence but she was, showing her alpha nature.
“What?” Tony had no idea what he had done for him to receive that look, from his bird of all people.
Steve unconsciously walked up closer, getting a better view of their stances. A chill ran down his spine as he took notice of all three of their faces and it wasn’t a chill from the cold. Their faces were frozen in agony or in anger, Steve couldn’t tell. Their eyes were closed but their mouths were wide open, as if screaming in pain or shouting in pure rage. Their teeth were showing, revealing to the world the sharp fangs they had. On their hands he could see claws that were not drawn in the comics and on their backs, starting from the base of their spines, were appendages he never pictured them having.
Back to back, they got ready. Hydra was around them, trying to circle them in. Their only saving grace was the thick greens of the forest making aiming difficult and forcing their enemies to expose themselves from the brush in order to get a clean shot. The moment the first shine of a barrel struck his eye Tony aimed steady and true to where he assumed was the rest of the enemy’s body, took a deep breath, commanded the magic in the runes to grow and
In a blind terror, Tony pushed himself as far back and away from the alpha’s boot as possible. Already having been so close to the edge the distance made little difference. Hammer kept his boot in place and followed after him. The alpha’s words were ringing in his ears.
, going over all the possibilities in his head, but as soon as Steve appeared through the doors, looking worse for wear, Tony’s hesitation took hold and it sealed his mouth shut.
The disbanding crowd made it hard for him to move much. It was so difficult he was forced to stay put for a solid minute or two as the bodies parted way. Something that frustrated him. Peter’s hat was somewhere and Tony couldn’t do a thing to find it!
Tony rushed to hop on the furniture, waiting for his mate and the food expectantly. Steve placed the tray in front of him before sitting by the edge. The goblet was the first thing the alpha grabbed. “Mind if I see you with less hair, Sweetheart?”
“Tony! Good morning. I see you’re already getting dragged around by Thor,” Jan beamed, waving at him.
Steve wasn’t exactly impressed. “Out you deranged jackal. Go catch your mate half naked or something.”
“You don’t have to say anything. I just wanted you to know.” Steve lifted his head up to stare at the ceiling. “I want you to know how much I love you. So much it almost hurts. My chest feels heavy each time I look at you and I fall a little more in love from it. I want to see you every day. I want to see your smile, hear your laugh, learn about everything that makes you happy and the things that make you sad. I want to see your best and your worst and feel you in my arms every hour of every day and make sure you're eating and getting plenty of rest.” He looked down again, blue eyes connecting with brown. “I love you so much that the thought of losing you is… is… I can’t even say it.”
“He really went and marked you every way he could,” Hammer said. His eyes locked in on the mark. “The great Captain. Accepting the seconds of another alpha. Why he would make such an effort for so little is beyond me. Perhaps you really did learn new tricks while you were away? I can’t wait to try them out.” Hammer then leaned in. Whispered to his ear. “My Omega. You will behave yourself. You will come back nice and quiet and respectful. Otherwise, Virginia will find herself with injuries because of you.
It was Steve, though, that Tony was really focused on. The alpha had stood the moment they descended the stairs and, similar to the time they went shopping for clothing weeks ago, his face was open and expressive and almost an exact replica at the time. Eyes wide and mouth parted, it looked as if he couldn’t even form words, tongue caught in his throat. Steve gave an obvious look over, his eyes gliding on Tony from head to toe and even Tony couldn’t miss the way his eyes took a pause when they reached Tony’s waist and below. He fought the urge to claps his hands together to try and hide what little he could over his crotch area and also bring attention to it. Steve’s appreciative gaze sent hot flashes down to his belly and if he wasn’t careful his gaze could’ve riled him up further. He couldn’t show his brazen self to the entire pack and make them think little of him.
Tony nodded cautiously, heart speeding up and his breath getting stuck somewhere in his lungs, refusing to move. Steve leaned in, eying his lips and running a finger across his jaw. He moved forward, aiming for his lips only to switch direction at the last possible second and pecked his cheek instead. Even so Tony felt the tingling sensation the moment their skin made contact and closed his eyes as he leaned into it.
He never did live that day down, though. Not the greatest “How did you get together?” story. Not when Tony kept retelling it as a “Steve wouldn’t let go. I couldn’t say no.”
“Worry not,” Thor grinned and walked out of the room. Seconds later the loud steps returned and echoed just outside the door. “Good morrow, Steven.” Tony heard Thor say.
Oddly enough, the leader of the pack was walking with Tony and Bruce behind the line. More specifically, he was walking next to Tony’s left and was close enough to almost brush hands with a shift to the right, and also far enough so Tony had room to walk and avoid unwanted touches.
No he wasn’t, and neither was Bruce, but why did Steve want to know that? Did he really want to stay near Tony, or was this still part of his efforts to pull the prank on him?
“Aye, come and join us for this early feast. Acquire as much sustenance as you are able for our journey ahead.”
He did and the first thing he noticed was Steve standing by the side with a grin. Once his mind registered that  yes that was, in fact, Steve, he noticed what was
Tony was flabbergasted and made a face that wasn’t exactly attractive. “I don’t have potential. There’s nothing special about me to get them interested.”
That was until a four-legged body jumped over the fence from the outside, long after the racers passed by there, and joined in on the running. Tony was a little more than surprised when he recognized the body as Steve. The wild (or
He wanted to enjoy this moment for as long as he could before life decided he needed to return and face issues that still required to be handled. For one, what had happened to the pack in the time he and Steve were indisposed? Had they suffered injuries from the fight? What of the Hulk? Had the town gone into a frenzy after having the giant omega barrel down its doors? Did Hank and the others handle it? For another, how much time had passed since his heat had officially taken over? Hours? Days?
Tony had assumed, perhaps rather quickly, that Steve was fine with the news of a child. Steve had been enraged at the idea of Tony risking their pup earlier before the fight. Was that just his instincts acting up from seeing his mate in danger? The need to protect his family when in reality Steve wasn’t ready for what a child entailed?
“It’s not done yet. We still need to plan the room that goes around all this. Help keep the flames going and prevent any rain from touching your tools. Just so happens Sam, Thor and Ben are skilled carpenters so we’ll get that room ready for you in no time,” Steve said, but all Tony had heard was the ‘your’ part.
Hank appeared next to him with a plate of two hotcakes before Tony could even say anything. “Here you go. Sam may be lacking in rationality, seeing as he’s mated to Clint of all people, but he makes up for it with his cooking. One of the best you’ll have in this household. He almost rivals Bucky.”
“More like a curse. Want to trade? You’ll be safer with the other guy than constantly getting hurt.”
The alpha’s face lit up, much as it had been happening each time he looked at Tony. “Have a good night, Tony. I’ll see you tomorrow.” He then leaned down to give him a kiss on the cheek before walking away, leaving Tony to make himself comfortable alone.
“Don’t mind me,” said the omega. “It’s just that you three walked up to my table without warning and looked to be having a very serious conversation. Maybe you should sit down for it.”
Tony looked away for just a second. That second was all it took for Steve to disappear. Tony searched, but Steve just outright vanished into thin air. With no other choice, he left when his family called for him again, but he did look back one last time in hopes of catching sight of Steve. He didn’t.
It couldn’t have been the former. Why would the Avengers spend time with two omegas from the shacks right before heading for battle? It had to have been the latter, meaning the Avengers were probably in the middle of returning home before they decided for some reason or another to visit the shacks and were now taking a break, with Tony and Bruce, using their free time with them.
Everyone winced at that except for Bucky, hands not so subtly moving to their crotches. Tony was covering his own even as he said “Please don't. I happen to like his… uh, his -” Crap, maybe he hadn't thought that through. Everyone was now looking at him in surprise and he couldn't stop his cheeks from coloring even if he tried.
A couple of their packmates chuckled, obviously listening in and holding no shame in showing it. “Aye, Steven,” Thor said from the back of the lineup, “how dare you offend our fine blacksmith.”
The Avengers all claimed a spot one after the other. Each one paired themselves in two and sat in a manner that formed a circle together. The two betas that Sam introduced as Jan and Hank paired up, sitting so close that their shoulders rubbed together. A sure sign that they were mated, and was confirmed when Jan leaned to the side and put her lips under Hank’s jaw briefly.
It was his finest work, his pride, and he had to hide it away in shame after Stane had used those very same gauntlets to ‘test’ their power and hurt the innocent they were meant to protect. Then he had to steal his own work in order to prevent them from ever being misused again.
“I can’t…” Steve eventually said through the silence. Voice fragile, shaky. “I can’t. Not this. What if -”
Tony wasn’t surprised. Pepper was one of the best when it came to investments. She had an eye for good work that returned a profit while also helping the community. Give her a few coins and she would double it within a day. Give her a year and she would be the richest woman in the town. She and Happy were perfectly fine on their own.
“What’s gotten into you? I can practically smell you pacing from down the hall,” Rhodey had said the day before their pack had planned to head out for their contract. He caught Tony doing exactly what he had stated. Tony was pacing inside his and Steve’s room (their room… something he struggled to believe sometimes) while Steve and the others who were to join in the trip were planning their tactic downstairs.
“What of your emotional treatment? Had you desire to bear the heirs of your previous mate? Had you a desire for your mate at all?”
The heartbroken look Tony must have had from having his fruit stolen triggered Steve to quickly snatch another and push it in his uninjured hand before snuggling even closer, if possible. Tony waved a fist at Jarvis then took a bite of the peach for show.
"Are you sure about that?" Suddenly it felt too hot for Tony in the interrogation room. He could hear Natasha speaking into his ear, he could see her trying to get his attention, but nothing was registering as the fear took control of his body. There was this random ringing in his ear, too loud for him to bear, the room was suddenly too bright, and his chest felt too tight. He abruptly got out of his seat, exiting the room and making his way towards the elevator. The entire ride up until the main entrance of S.H.I.E.L.D. HQ was filled with nothing but terror gripping his heart. He took off back towards the tower in his Iron Man suit, getting there as quick as he could.
"If we hurt him? Oh, silly human, it is you who is hurting him at this moment. You seem to have forgotten that we can take on the forms of not just whatever we choose, but when it comes to damaging people such as your Captain, well, we choose to take on forms of those people they care about. And your boy toy certainly cares about you, which is why he's been reduced to nothing, realizing he's worthless. All thanks to you."
God, he feels like shit, a complete and utter asshole. He knows all he has to do is just simply go in there and apologize, make things right, but he didn't move a muscle. He just sat there, watching the soldier break down, painful sobs and gasps for air filled his room, the sounds so loud in his ears that it made him start to tear up.
"If they weren't human, then that raises the question of why would they be here, and what would they be wanting with S.H.I.E.L.D. tech? That part to me doesn't really make any sense."
"I got you." He whispered gently. The same words he'd always tell Steve whenever Tony needed to comfort him after a nightmare. And just like always, the soldier's body relaxed. He didn't stir, nor whimper, nor call out Tony's name in a broken, scared voice, he just relaxed and looked absolutely peaceful- beautiful, even, and that's what Tony loved about him.
He didn't say anything, because once again what was there to say? A simple "I'm sorry" would set Tony off, and while he absolutely wanted to tell the man those exact words, he withheld them. Instead, he just sat there staring right back at him, taking in his posture and how stiff it was; as if Steve were nothing more than a mere stranger to him, or he really didn't want to be in here talking to him. It actually hurt Steve more than he was willing to show, and it was only then that he looked away in fear that if he kept staring at Tony, he would see the vulnerability again and use that to his advantage. In a way he was like the ocean; a glistening surface where you could see all the innocent little things, while deep down it was hiding away all the nasty dark things it didn't want you to see. The surface was the light, the shallow end, while further out and down, was the darkness. Steve's eyes were the window into that darkness, because if just for a fraction of a second if his emotions gained control over his strong, steely resolve he worked so hard to maintain, one simple glance could reveal all he was hiding. All the ugly, nasty things he kept to himself were brought forth to the surface, things that no human should ever have to see.
"Would you like me to get Ms. Maximoff for you, sir?" He pondered for a moment. Would this perhaps be better than locking himself down here and drinking his issues away? The obvious answer was, of course, yes, but that was up for Tony to decide. It was easy to give the simple answer of yes, but he would have to mean it.
to watch Star Wars and would take the time to watch it with Steve, but you can't exactly watch them out of order otherwise you would be confused and granted, if they started watching Star Wars it would take a while for them to finish. Much easier to get pop culture references from Star Trek first before touching the surface of Star Wars.
"Well, I don't feel lonely when I'm around you. It's weird, because usually when I'm around the others I feel..." He trailed off, at a loss for words on how to accurately describe how he feels.
He was starting to get sick of seeing everybody look at him like he was crazy or about to explode; which to be fair he was going to, but not at any of them, no, at the man who sent his super-soldier on that dumbass mission. Well, if one more person looked at him he was going to snap at them, maybe it might make him feel better? Ok, who is he kidding, only yelling at Fury would make him feel better.
"They're just making sure you're staying," Steve gently corrected. "They've both been through a lot."
Bruce teased, chuckling as Steve made a show of smelling his armpits. "I'd rather not have you sweating into the pancake mix. Tony frowns upon that."
"You're disgusting. And in regards to those two? I'm not even shocked anymore." Just to prove her point about propriety, she cut off a small piece of her own waffle and chewed politely with her mouth closed.
It all went horribly wrong in the removal part though. There was no sexy way to get them off his feet, and though he tried, he ended up bent over, hopping on one foot as the right leg got caught on his heel. And when he tried to get the other off, he straight up fell over.
"I think Steve needed it more than me." He settled at the edge of the bed, looking at Steve as he placed the cooked bacon on paper towels. The curved dip in Steve's back that protruded out to his ass had Tony tilting his head in appreciation. He spoke low, but he knew Steve's enhanced hearing could pick up on every word he said. "I'm worried for him.”
"Michael said this might happen. You've had a lot of trauma in your life, Tony; this is only adding to it."
"Come on," Bruce slapped Clint's knee and stood, "let's head inside. It's definitely past my bedtime."
It wasn't like the old films he snuck into with Bucky. It didn't happen all at once. It was a slow, creeping sort of love. One that grew, like vines curving up a building, twisting up around him, from his legs, to his torso, then up around his heart.
Tony made a goofy face for the brunette's selfie. She laughed loudly, making a face herself. He stood up straight and shoved his cold hands into his pockets, "Really well! You guys are gonna love it!"
"Coffee?" He asked, standing and taking his mug to the coffee machine. He didn't wait for an answer, just pulled another mug from the cabinet. "You must be Pepper Potts." Glancing over his shoulder, he waited until she nodded in affirmation before turning back to the counter. "How do you take your coffee, Miss Potts?"
you want to do right by him, but what exactly does that entail?" She crossed her legs at the ankles, leaning forward to convey poise and authority, her hands resting in her lap.
"What's that?" Howard asked, his curiosity overriding his offence apparently. Damn, Tony was too much like him.
There was a pause before the AI answered, mostly likely conferring with Tony as to whether or not to inform them of his creator's whereabouts. JARVIS was used by all the Avengers, from their cellphones to their own work, but he was loyal (as loyal as a computer could be) to Tony.
"Don't. I don't deserve your sympathy." He shook his head, like he was trying to jiggle the words loose. "I have no idea how I go from me now to...well, to someone who beats his own child. It's no wonder Steve hates me. Tony's his closest friend, right? They're so close. Of course he'd be mad."
Bruce and Thor, standing back at the bar and letting Howard have his say, surged forward, both talking at once. Across their faces was a mixture of surprise and shock, and it took Steve a moment to realize that Bruce was willingly in the presence of Howard.
She shot him a glare, lifting one foot from the balcony and kicking it in his direction. "Dick. Someone could fall in love with a noseless twat-"
Eyeing the folder critically, Natasha responded, "With all due respect, sir, I have no loyalty to any of these people. I go in, do my job, and get out."
"What can I do ya for?" Tony smirked, eyeing him up and down appreciatively. No one but James and his four bodyguards--Brucie, Tasha, Clint, and a man with no name that everyone just called Thor--knew of his leanings, even though he never acted on them. There was too much at stake to risk a frolic with a man.
Cutting her off with an annoyed look, Clint grumbled, "-If we came to SHIELD to begin with. Yeah, yeah, I know,
"I'll let the nurse know to bring you something to drink." She's gone as quickly as she came and he closes his eyes, reaching back in his memory to find anything that will tell him what had happened.
What could Bruce do other than groan and drop his head into his hands? Clint really needed to learn not to bait angry people. Particularly the variety of angry people who knew that they had just endangered the life of his significant other.
Looking a little red himself, Bruce retrieved the syrup and the salt and pepper, "Please? I'm starving and I don't want to think about the two of you doing the nasty."
“Last I heard, you’re doing wonderfully as a businesswoman yourself. Don’t you have a growing clientele out there yourself?”
He might have been a little demanding, but Steve didn’t seem offended at the idea of his omega ordering him around. “Let me get started then. Give me a few minutes while I open myself up.”
Tony felt movement to his left. A sure sign that Bruce was awake as well. “If you wanted more room you could’ve just told me, Tony.” And yeah, that was Bruce, awake and drinking in the sight of Tony being straddled by a giant wolf.
By the time the sun decided to set in to make way for the night they had made a fair amount of distance through the forest, considering they were walking on two legs. The trees were lessened around the edges of the road they marched upon and grassy plains were slowly lengthening with visible hills left and right.
All their faces quickly shifted from confused to shocked. Tony counted down the seconds in his mind.
It took a moment for Tony to figure out the only person left that could’ve been the fox was Natasha, but when he actually pieced it together the only thing that came to mind was,
All that was missing was Hank and Tony didn’t see him until they went further in the building and saw him sitting on his own in the corner of the room. The beta had no drink or plate of food. He was staring at his hands and appeared to be in thought and it reminded Tony of the fact that they still needed to talk, as per Hank’s request.
Steve stood his ground, but didn’t call Rhodey out on his behavior. Surprisingly he was being patient. Something not usually seen in young shifters as they tended to always lash out and prove why they were pack leaders. “We are one of the strongest war packs out there and our enemies are aware of this. They know small numbers are not going to help against us. If they attack you can bet they’re going to outnumber us. If they decide to attack our den with only half of the pack present they’re going to overwhelm you. Don’t be heroes,” he growled the last part, making everyone straighten up, including Rhodey. “Run when you get the chance.”
Steve made his way over to the table and took the seat besides Tony. Tony tapped aimlessly at his empty plate with his fork, not having the courage to make eye contact with the alpha. “Good morning,” his voice was softer than he had intended. The guilt and embarrassment was making it extremely hard to just remain in the same room as Steve.
Tony understood a thing or two about fear. He was aware of it. He wouldn’t want the others to ask him questions he didn’t want to answer either. “I won’t say a word, but will they be all right?”
“Oh thank the blue skies up above,” Clint lifted his arms up, praising the blue skies, it seemed. “He’s not leaving us.”
That didn’t help at all. “Maybe another time on the lazing in,” he offered. “I’ll be more than happy to join you in doing nothing.”
Steve nodded at what Natasha had said and gave a smile. “We actually don’t even know how we managed it. Still can’t believe it, honestly, and we’ve been living here for a couple of years already.” Tony noticed him shift closer, standing a touch away from him. He wasn’t the only one to track the movement. Bruce, Natasha and even Jarvis, who was currently nesting on the other omega’s shoulder, had near identical sets of complacent faces.
Because of the scrambled arrangement they had taken while trotting over Tony ended up walking next to Steve when the alpha openly waited for him. He fell in step when Tony reached him, daring to make small contact by making his hand brush softly with Tony’s whenever their steps got out of sync. Tony’s heart leaped at every contact and he even purposely extended his arm, the most subtle of movement, in order to increasing the touch. He got the feeling Steve was doing the same.
When Bucky and Natasha reached the circle, instead of sitting down right away, they remained standing, waiting. Tony figured since they were alphas who stuck close to their pack leader and were extremely vigilant to their surroundings they were probably Steve’s second and third in command. Tony, Bruce and Steve reached the circle soon after and shared an awkward moment of pause as they each waited for the others to move. The three alphas were apparently not going to move until the two omegas did, and the two omegas weren’t going to sit until told to. As they were unfamiliar with the pack, they didn’t know if there was an arrangement of sorts with who was paired with who and if some of them were required to sit in certain spots to make keeping watch more efficient.
