Sherlock swallowed thickly and stood up, not caring that he was naked in front of Garrett or his brother. He slowly started to get dressed and just didn’t say anything. He was planning, he had to, because he knew no matter what he tried to do Moriarty was already one step ahead of him. Hell, he probably spammed his phone while Sherlock was asleep for the sole purpose of John finding everything out.
“Hey!” Brian yelled and stopped right in front of Sherlock.
She scoffed, “And what are you going to say? That a girl is trying to rape you? They won’t believe that and even if they did they would just think you’re weak. Though, I suppose you are... you’re basically like a twig...” She frowned.
Mike panicked and ran to him quickly, “I’m sorry!! You told me to! I- This is my fault... tell me what you need.”
“Oh!” Sherlock gasps some and laughs as the tears finally slip from his eyes, “Right so you just want me to see you get married and then have me get the hell out of your life. I’m sorry John, but I can't do that. That’s asking far too much. You’re happiness will
“When the police are out of their depths, they will consult me and I will solve their problems… because let’s be honest, the police don’t have any idea what they are doing one hundred percent of the time.” He huffed and rolled his eyes, just thinking about the stupidity of the police annoyed him.
John narrowed his eyes, “Well, that’s reassuring!” he sighed and then shook his head, “Sherlock, I have my own life and it took me this breakup to realise that... I also have nothing left for me really without you and when the day comes that we don’t want to be together anymore I won’t have a single thing... I won’t do that to myself! I want to be a doctor, Sherlock, but I don’t have any money!”
Sherlock was going to say something, but as soon as John started doing naughty things to him, he forgot everything and just closed his eyes and whined.
The DI cut him off, “Sherlock. I need you to calm down. Your father was a man who had a lot of power, I know he wasn’t a nice man, and clearly you know that too… but Sigar wasn’t armed, Sherlock. It wasn’t self-defence, John acted out of rage… As much as I hate to lock him up for this, what he did was a crime and it needs to be taken care of.”
His father reacted quickly, however, and threw Harry aside so that she slammed into the wall, but that was all fine with John because at least she was coughing and gasping for air – at least she was
“Is it?” Sherlock raised an eyebrow.
John had to force everything in his power to not grin like a madman. This was actually working! He wanted to grin... He wanted to grin so bad because he knew it was amazing to be experiencing this, but instead he frowned a bit and furrowed his brow. “Sorry..?”
“Oh, I know who you are Mr. Holmes.” The DI replied with a smirk on his face. “Why don’t we step into my office, yeah?”
“They’ve all changed and it isn’t fair! And he’s still not telling me things and nothing is the same! I know he’s lying – I know him better than he knows himself half of the time. I even told him this wouldn’t work out, that I couldn’t stay, if he kept things from me… and still! He’s keeping things from me! I can't fucking breathe! I’m slowly drowning and to make matters worse I had to bloody well tell him today that his mum, the one person he actually cares for because I’m certainly not in that category anymore, is dying of cancer and that she’s not going to live! And she’s like a mum to me too, but he kicked me out! I haven’t even seen her in four and a half fucking years and she probably still thinks I’m dead BECAUSE APPARENTLY EVERYONE DID!!!” He screamed, not caring for the three other people in the pub turning to glare at him. “And frankly I don't think me and Sherlock are going to make it and that literally kills me, but at the same time I don’t even want to be in the same room with him anymore because he isn’t the same. He constantly yells at me, and if he’s not yelling he’s ignoring me. Then I have to deal with bloody Brian who acts like a fucking saint when Sherlock is around, but the second he is gone, or out of earshot, he treats me like he’s the devil and of course – of fucking course Sherlock sides with him.”
Brian laughed and then spat in Sherlock's face. “Nah, he needs to learn his place. Rainbows like him don’t belong here.”
He turned his head a little. “You’ll be gone longer than a few days.” He clenched his jaw and looked at the floor. She always did this. Tell him it would only be a few days, that he needn’t worry. It was always longer though, and no matter what she said he always did worry.
John walked out of the bedroom and slowly sat down at the kitchen table. He looked terrible, but then again he always looked terrible nowadays. Only showered when Claire told him to and once he was done he would just put on Sherlock's pyjamas. She never said anything, she tried once and he went absolutely mental, so after that she stopped bringing it up.
Sherlock wasn’t aware of how many people his mother had affected. There were so many people at the viewing and it seemed even double at the funeral. There were a lot of famous people, some of the other make-up artists his mother worked with... He had his extended family there as well, but Sherlock wasn’t paying attention to any of those things. He just wanted to be with his mother. Honestly, he was expecting the funeral to be small and was looking forward to that. When it wasn’t small he ended up taking everything harder than he thought he should have.
Mycroft drew a long slow breath. “Sherlock, you don’t give me enough credit. I can see how happy he makes you and I can see how much you need him. I can also see how much he’s helping… Hell, I wouldn’t kick him out even if he killed our father.”
"Sherlock!" He snapped, "Forget about the bloody case and just pack your bags! For me! We can move to America or Australia and you can solve all the cases your little heart wants to! But let's just get a fresh start!"
John’s laughing eventually stopped, but he didn’t step away from Sherlock. If anything he kept getting closer. “I really can’t stay at your house though… I would be intruding and I don’t have any clothes. Thank you for the offer, but—“
"You know. It's sunny right now. It should be grey and raining, but... It's fucking
He bought as many flowers as he could push in a trolley, because somehow he managed to convince the store manager to let him take the trolley home – most likely because he looked like a miserable sod, but if this man was going to pity him and give him a trolley then so be it. He paid for the many flowers he got and then started to make his way to Sherlock's old home, he supposed it used to be his old home as well. Many memories in that house – good and bad. It honestly seemed like a life time ago…
The Doctor just grinned. “2014 It is then!! Hold on tight, you two!” He thwacked the final lever and then they were off.
Okay so the next chapter does talk about suicide and death... And it has a lot of death in it. If you are not comfortable with that.. Maybe end here now! but thank you guys so much for reading!! (: and for those who continue to read! (:
The doctor nodded slowly and turned off all the equipment. He walked over to John and took the tube out of his throat and the wires and IV out of his body.
“I just don’t want you to be sticky…” He whispered back.
“Awww!! That’s so fucking precious!” He sneered as he just gave up on the ten pages and tore the book in half. It took less time and now the whole thing was destroyed. He threw the remaining scraps at Sherlock's face and started laughing hysterically, as did the rest of the team… all but John anyway.
The cab pulled up to his destination and John paid him and climbed out. He took a breath as he stared at his old house, he hadn’t been here in years, but it looked the same as he remembered. He honestly didn’t even know if his mother lived here anymore, he had tried to reach out to her several times, but she never replied. He supposed it made sense, he abandoned her and he never really looked back.
Question:
Sherlock's heart swelled at the fact that John had called him ‘babe’ even though he really wasn’t one for pet names… though, he liked it when John called him things like that. Not to mention John hardly ever did it so it was never overused. He smiled and held his hands down for John to grab. “Yes, I’m fine.” He grinned brightly and heaved John up through the window.
and he just wanted the pain to go away. So, he sat in the darkness of his flat as he got drunker and drunker, relishing in the feeling of the pleasant warmth that coursed through his body. Relishing in the way his thoughts of Sherlock got further and further.
John swallowed hard because he wasn’t sure he did... he didn’t know what the future held for him and Sherlock and in a way that scared him. He wanted to stay with him, but he had a feeling that that wasn’t going to happen… especially considering how things were right now. How Sherlock was – he had to leave Sherlock before Sherlock left him because he knew that if Sherlock chose to leave him – well, he didn’t think he would be able to continue on and that
“Oh, I don’t think so... See he’s not going to find out about who I am until I want him to... and once he knows it will be too late for him. I’m going to tear his heart right out of his chest and big brother won’t be able to save him this time, but then of course I’ll come back here and take care of you... so I suppose you two will be together again soon. Ugh, Gag.”
She froze slightly and then swallowed hard, “That’s impossible, John... Sherlock is…” She took a breath and searched for the correct words to say, “He’s dead, John...” She said slowly.
“Maybe I came over here to confess my undying love to you.” He hummed and kicked at Sherlock's out stretched, crossed feet, once again.
Sherlock opened his mouth to speak, but he didn’t know what to say. It wasn’t that he was frozen, it was that he knew John wouldn’t want his father to turn his aggression on him. Still he felt helpless and the world spun around him. John's father was also being unreasonable. You could not simply command someone to stop being gay… apparently he made a noise though because John's father suddenly turned his attention to Sherlock.
“NO!!!” He screamed and threw the bag at Sherlock, sending the powder flying everywhere, he didn’t care if Sherlock complained about how expensive that was. “I don't care! I don't want to hear it! I asked! I was open to you and told you everything! And instead of coming to me for help you just hid it away and tried to get high when you thought I wasn’t fucking looking!” He snapped and his chest was heaving. “I fucking asked you that night if there was anything else – any other bloody secret you had to share with me and you told me there wasn’t. I fucking knew you were lying, but I didn’t realise it would be to this bloody extent! Show me your fucking arm.”
He jerked her body, trying to get any sign of life out of her that he could, and choked on a sob, “Mother!! Wake up! This isn’t funny!!” He cried and buried her face in her chest, but it was so cold... It wasn’t her at all.
Sherlock snapped his eyes opened when he heard commotion in the room and felt as the heavy weight that was on top of him left. He sat up abruptly and scrambled to get his shirt back on. He was heaving in breaths and watching as a police officer was wrestling with Lestrade and putting hand cuffs on him.
“No! No... No, I don’t... I’m just saying that you probably live closer to the school than I do, that’s all.”
Brian growled. “I can take him! I’ll even prove it!!” he stood up and started stomping over to Sherlock's tree.
“Oh, that’s rather sad...” John frowned some, holding onto his hand happily, “I shall protect you from all ducks in the future!!” He said firmly as he stuck out his chest.
“I’M TRYING! PLEASE JUST LISTEN–“ He begged, but John cut him off again.
“Nothing is wrong!! But you should really tell Cakeman to stop spinning the room around.” He squeezed his eyes shut tight and held his mouth slightly. If Mycroft didn’t stop spinning the room there was going to be throw up everywhere. Why was he spinning the room anyway? What a tit. Who just goes around spinning rooms?
John wanted to push Sherlock away, he wanted to be cross with the fact that Sherlock was touching him. He couldn’t help it though, everything about this situation was ridiculous and he started giggling into Sherlock's neck as Sherlock held him. He couldn’t help it no matter how hard he tried and that was one of the things he loved most about Sherlock... Sherlock would literally do anything for him. Sherlock could make him laugh even when he thought it was impossible and John loved being with him. Hell, he loved being with him even when they weren’t talking. He continued to giggle as he held onto Sherlock tighter, all the sadness dripping away.
“Ha!!!” Sherlock growled and flopped down on the couch.
“Ah, but you don’t.” Sherlock studied John's actions and then before he could stop himself, he said something that was shocking coming out of his mouth. “I could help you if you want.” He furrowed his brow slightly at the words that just came out of his mouth. Now why would he offer this boy his help?? Oh well… nothing for it now.
John stood there happily and looked at Sherlock. God, he was something else, “So... How did you find this place?” He wanted to talk to him, get to know his weaknesses.
garden. Tears burned his cheeks and face even though the rest of him was freezing, but he didn’t care. He screamed out into the world and grabbed a handful of the tulips and yanked them out of the dirt, it felt so good, but also destroyed him a bit more each time. He kept yanking the tulips out until there was practically nothing left of their – no her – NO how could it be hers when she was gone?
And belong in a zoo.
"My-" John cut himself off. His what? He couldn’t say flatmate because then there was a chance he would be considered a suspect. He wasn't in the right mindset and wasn’t thinking clearly. "There's been a shooting..." He whispered like he couldn’t believe this was actually happening.
Sherlock wanted to run up to him. To give him the locket and tell him that everything was going to be okay, he probably would have too if it wasn’t for Claire running up and startling him out of his thoughts.
anyway!! We get there and I'm like "Holy shit i should get one that says 'johnlock' on it...." so i said "Mom!!! Can i get one that says johnlock!!!" My parents are super homophobic... well not super... just a little bit but its still there, but luckily my dad was far away and couldn't hear and my mother has no idea what johnlock is.... still she said no and i fucking begged her!! and she said no so i gave up... but then the worker (She was like a girl who was around my age) came out from the glass and was like "Did you just say johnlock?? o.o" And i was like YES!!!!!! and she died and so then i was like I HAVE TO GET IT!!! so i convinced my mom FINALLY and i went up to the girl and was like "Should you carve a smiley face on it???" And shes like "I don't know -- oh!!! you're necklace! i can do that!!" I ALWAYS WEAR THIS NECKLACE OKAY??? but it says "A game is afoot -- Sir Arthur Conan Doyle" and then at the bottom it has a silhouette of Sherlock with his hat and his pipe. SO I TOOK MY NECKLACE OFF AND GAVE IT TO HER AND SHE WROTE JOHNLOCK ON THE BRACELET AND DREW THE SILHOUETTE AND OH MY FUCK IT IS SO AMAZING!!! LIKE SO SO BEAUTIFUL!!!! and she took a picture of it after words because who the fuck wouldnt??? and damn i wish i got her name.... but yeah we bonded over johnlock so if she is reading this i love you and it is i! Whitney!
Answer:
he thought briefly with a small smile. His eyes fell shut, but then opened when he thought about Harry. He wanted to tell her to come with him, to tell her that Sherlock has plenty of space and that he wouldn’t mind, but when he looked at the spot she was recently standing in… she wasn’t there. He sighed as he realised she must have already ran off now that she knew John wasn’t in any danger. He let his eyes slip closed again as Sherlock carried him to the car and back to a place where he could call home.
John screamed and grabbed her shirt, pulling her closer to him, “I don’t fucking care what you’re saying! This is my life, now stay the fuck out of it!” He snapped as he shoved her back and then stormed out of the pub, tugging Regan back to his home.
Sherlock ran into his arms immediately and hugged him tightly, “Shh, don’t cry... I love you more than anything and I am so sorry, John. So sorry... I’m just angry and confused and hurt, but so are you and I wasn’t being fair! Please forgive me! And let me just tell you that I never beg for forgiveness...” He whispered and swallowed thickly as he tried to make the lump go away that was currently lodged in his throat. He just held John impossibly tighter, squeezing his eyes shut so nothing would escape them.
She took a sharp breath in and then shook her head once. Now was not the time to get emotional again. She was angry, she needed to show him she was angry, not break down over the phone, "Come. Home. Now." She spat out.
“I’m fine, John!!!!” Sherlock snapped. “I need to—“ He was interrupted by a bullet whizzing through the broken back window and to the front one, breaking that one as well. “FUCK!!” He lost control of the car and it swerved off the road and into the forest that was next to their house. Sherlock tried to dodge trees, but he knew it was only a matter of time before he hit one. John was screaming in the back and before he could tell John to hold on he ran straight into a tree and his head flew forward and hit the steering wheel.
It had been a year and eight months. Eight seemed to be an unlucky number for Sherlock, but today was his birthday and it happened to fall on a Monday! He had a bunch of people over because his mum insisted. Okay, so a bunch was being exaggerative, but there was Cakeman and his mum. There was also Zack and Brian. Brian wasn’t here yet, but he was coming. Sherlock was a bit bitter because all he wanted was John and he wasn’t here and his mother had told him that his father was coming to this party! He also had to wear a pointy hat and that angered him.
“Yes, you could have, but no offense, love... your tea is shite.” He grinned and took a sip, enjoying the way it warmed his throat and body. Speaking of his throat, it was still a mess of blood, however, it had dried so it wasn’t make a mess over anything. He could clean it later because right now he was in desperate need of a cuppa.
want to die at the hands of that voice.
ALRIGHT WELL YOU KNOW THE DEAL, COMMENT, SUBSCRIBE, KUDOS, BLAH BLAH BLAH....
Sherlock swallowed and held the letter in his hands before delicately opening it, even though every fibre in his being wanted him to rip the letter open as fast as he could.
“Sherlock!!!” A voice called happily from behind the curtain, “Oh my god!! Love! It’s been ages!!!” The strange woman pushed aside the curtain and gathered Sherlock up in her arms. She placed loving kisses all over Sherlock's face before finally pulling away and smiling.
God I feel so sick and I'm dying!
Sherlock, however, had other plans, he shook his head and grabbed John's wrist before he could take it away completely. He brought John’s hand back up and placed it in his hair, humming slightly. “No! I like it... I find it endearing.” He smiled softly and looked up at John again.
Q: What do calendars eat?
Sherlock woke up abruptly and jumped out of bed. He had an irrational fear that Lestrade had taken John again because John wasn’t in the bed… he did just wake up so he was a wee bit disoriented. “John!!” He flailed and started running out of the door.
“I bet you would like that, wouldn’t you?” Mike smirked as well.
Sherlock's mother started having a coughing fit and about dropped the fine china plate she was currently holding, “A friend…?”
John rolled his eyes, “Okay firstly you’re an idiot... are you sure you’re related to him? Secondly, I’m an assassin. There is a difference between just killing people because I feel like it and killing people because someone hired you, though I suppose normal people don’t see it like that.” He sighed and shook his head, “And thirdly, I’m going to immobilise you and then you’ll be taken back to my mansion and locked away.” He hummed.
“I’ll go get that.” Sherlock said softly as he kissed John's forehead and then left.
“What the hell?” he whispered. “What was that for?”
The reply was almost instant.
Sherlock's father eyed John up and down and then looked at Sherlock. “I knew you were a poof. Oh well, nothing I can do about it.” He sighed. “Although you could have chosen somebody less…” He paused trying to find the right word to say. “Financially challenged.” He finally decided upon, flatly.
The doctors worked on John quickly, although there was nothing to really work on. He miraculously woke up and that was that. Once they were sure John was fine they told him about what happened and asked him questions.
(See the end of the chapter for
John craned his head a bit and smirked, “Just people are idiots... come over here, Brad. Let me show you something.”
John was breathing a bit heavy and his eyes were still closed. His head was rushing and he couldn’t help but think how amazing this was and was it always like that when kissing boys or just Sherlock? John classified it as a ‘just Sherlock’ feeling. But he also didn’t feel the need to go out and experiment.
John woke up to the smoothing hum of Sherlock's voice. He opened his eyes, but had to shut them again because the room was so bright. Jesus Christ, had he died?
Sherlock was confused because he was pretty sure his plan was rock solid, in fact there had never been a better plan than this one, “And what is that?”
John seemed to calm down a bit and just occasionally sniffled. “Sherlock is lying... He must be lying! He doesn’t mean it! I have to go back to him!” John swallowed and started getting up from the couch and then Zack pushed him back down and he whined.
John's heart swelled at Sherlock's little speech. He never knew Sherlock felt like that, to be honest he didn’t know how Sherlock felt at all, but it was still surprising to hear those things coming from Sherlock's mouth. Especially when he always said he relied on logic and reasoning, all those things sort of went against that. Then again, that was just Sherlock's romantic and soft side coming out to play. He was so open with John and only John got to see this side of him. He liked it, it made him feel extremely special, and he supposed he was. He slowly stood up and climbed into the bed, he kept his distance, but Sherlock just snuggled up to him and fell asleep almost immediately. John couldn’t even imagine how tired Sherlock must have been. Before he knew it he was also dozing off as well and soon the world went black.
It hadn’t been easy... No, it hadn’t been easy at all, but watching the funeral had been
The man hummed, “Here you are.” He looked him up and down and then licked his lips, “We would have been so good together, but you chose him.”
Sherlock huffed and wouldn’t look at him, “No, it wasn’t.”
. Like it was something they had done a thousand times.
“It was Sherlock! Sherlock Holmes! He shot James and he claimed it was a suicide! I know for a fact that he wouldn’t kill himself! He wouldn’t do it no matter what it meant! I believe that Sherlock killed him and then framed it on James as a suicide! So now you are going to kill Sherlock.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and huffed, “Do you want to hear my story or not?”
John doesn’t see and he doesn’t want to see. Things are different now. He pushes at Sherlock, but Sherlock is surprisingly strong. He tries to escape and it doesn’t work so John yanks his hand free and punches him in the face. He doesn’t avoid the nose and teeth this time... “I SAID STOP SHERLOCK!” He screams and his chest is heaving. “What the hell is wrong with you?”
Mycroft was sitting at the table and when he heard Sherlock come down the stairs he sighed and set his paper down. “This has been going on for long enough... Don’t you think?” He drawled.
........oh walmart.... haha...
He smiled sadly and wanted to cry, but not in front of his mother or John... and especially not
Question:
John's eyes widened and then he snarled a bit, “are you suggesting that I’ll actually fall for this bloke?” he snapped.
“And you’re not his archenemy,” John smirked and rolled his eyes.
John hissed and grabbed him at his lapels, but before he could do anything else he just broke into sobs and pressed his head into Sherlock's chest. "How could you do something like this!
Sherlock sighed because there was no point in arguing with John. “Alright. But, you’ll have to put this on…” He handed John an expensive, beautiful looking suit. John had a suspect feeling that it was even more than the suits Sherlock normally wore. He didn’t comment on John’s feather comment because he knew John was joking and he wasn’t in the mood to joke.
Sherlock ran to the toilet as fast as he could. His body hurt so much, not just from the punch although that did play a big part in it, but because he was also hurting at John's choice. He locked the door as soon as he got in there and sunk down onto the floor as he cried into his knees. Weakness didn’t really suit him, but alone, in closed rooms, he would allow himself to cry. He felt betrayed and bruised and broken. Slowly, he brought his shirt up and looked at his stomach. It was already starting to bruise and he knew that it was only going to get worse. His right ribs looked bruised too, and his wrists hurt from the tackle. He didn’t think his wrist or any part of him was broken, but he was definitely bruised and sprained. He thought perhaps his left ribs were broken, but upon further inspection he ruled it out.
Sherlock smirked and gently picked one. He placed it in John's hair behind his ear and smiled. “So pretty,” he teased.
John giggled and nuzzled his face into Sherlock's chest, “Noooo.” He sung.
hahahhahahhahahahhahahhahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahhahaahhahaha it's been longer than an hour i bet you werent expecting that....
Brain watched as John twitched and swallowed hard. Perhaps he was wrong about them, but clearly now John couldn’t just stand there and take that, “You have a reason now, John! DO IT! How dare he insult your father like that,” He screamed.
Sherlock glared daggers at him and then pinned him up against the wall, for the first time John was afraid of him, “No.” He growled and then let John go.
John blinked rapidly, “I never thought of it that way...”
Wife: "ABCDEFGHIJK"
Sherlock just laughed softly and stood up. "Oh! Stop being so dramatic, school can be fun!" He teased because it most definitely couldn't. He supposed maybe it could be fun for some people, but it was certainly not fun for Sherlock and it wasn’t fun for John either. He decided to walk to the bathroom to take a quick shower.
Sherlock's heart swelled and he loved it when it did that. “Home, please...” he whispered back.
DEUCES!
Sherlock acted like nothing happened. He just kept walking and looking around and John never wanted to let go. However, his phone started ringing and he cursed under his breath. “One moment,” He gave him an apologetic smile and walked away from Sherlock. He leaned up against a tree and answered it.
Claire slowly climbed off of Sherlock's body and helped him up. "I don't understand..." She whispered quietly.
“Why are you here?” John asked with no emotion after what felt like an eternity. He still wouldn’t look at Sherlock, he couldn’t. Because of course he would almost die only to wake up next to Sherlock. Clearly, he actually really was dead and in hell. Or Sherlock wanted him to live like he was in hell, make it so that John couldn’t have him ever, but also always be just right there so that John couldn’t move on either. It was all stupid, and John didn’t know what he really was doing there, but those were the options that seemed the most realistic.
Sherlock frowned and nodded, he really didn’t like that tone of voice, but sat down anyway, “What is it?”
"Then you talk to me, Sherlock!" He practically screamed. He needed Sherlock to shut up. He just wanted to go home. He started walking back to what he hoped would be London. John was shite at directions and for all he knew he could be walking to Scotland at this rate.
Sherlock swallowed hard, “With – with my mother’s death... and my stalker... I can’t handle it. I just can’t do it anymore, John... please understand this...” He finished weakly. God, John would see right through that… maybe he wouldn’t, this was rather emotional for the both of them.
Mycroft blinked and studied him, “Whatever for?!” He put his newspaper down completely now. It was a lost cause anyway, from the moment Sherlock stepped into the room. He would just have to wait until they left again.
Sherlock turned and glared at him, “Yes, well. Get used to it because this is who I am now.” He hissed and then climbed into the back of the cab without another word, and without waiting for John to climb in. Ah. So apparently he wasn’t waiting, the cabs in London were just slow today. Great.
Ted immediately stopped strangling his son and glared at her, "so what you are saying is I have two fairies for children?" He pulled out a gun, which had been hiding in the back of his trousers, and pressed the barrel to John’s temple.
Answer:
Sherlock grabbed the last of his pencils that had fallen and together they stood up then walked out of the school and onto the pavement. Sherlock didn’t really know how to start conversation because he loathed small talk, so he kind of awkwardly started, “So… where do you live?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“And yet it’s only been a day... might we expect a happy announcement by the end of the week?” The strange man cocked his head to the side.
“You know... They always said I was a brilliant actor.” He looked at John and smirked. “Perhaps I should go for a career in that instead of Detective work.”
Sherlock hummed and remained with his arms still on each side of him, which felt awkward. He wanted more so he slowly brought his arms up and wrapped them around John and then it felt perfect, “Good.”
"Save it, Sherlock!" He growled and tried to think of a way to go home. He had no idea where the hell they were and he couldn't figure out why there was an arcade in the middle of nowhere! It seemed pointless and stupid and how people managed to come here after school all the time was beyond him! Hell, they probably didn’t even go to school and stayed there playing Pac Man and Mr. Do all day long. They probably lived there for all John knew!
“YOU. DO. NOT. TOUCH. HIM!” he said in between each punch. Calling them both degrading names was one thing, but almost hurting his friends… and not just his friends. He almost hurt
What was next! He felt like he was drowning which was really ironic considering the fact that he almost did! And then it dawned on him. Pulse! Check for a pulse!! Sherlock's brain was whirling around with everything he needed to do because he
John wanted to scream. He wanted to punch Sherlock and he wanted to hide himself under a rock and never come out. He wanted to throw himself off of a cliff or drown himself in the Thames. Sherlock had used him and John felt like nothing else in his life would ever matter. That nothing in his life mattered now. He was so broken and hurt... Sherlock was right... He hated Sherlock. He hated that he was right because now more than anything he wanted Sherlock to be wrong, but he wasn’t. John was broken and passed the point of no return. He wasn’t fixable anymore, and perhaps he never would be. “Sherlock...” He swallowed hard and spoke quietly, “I don’t have anywhere to go...” He looked down at the ground and closed his eyes. Great, he was practically pleading with the man who had just destroyed him to let him stay. He was a fucking loser.
He didn’t mean it. John knew he didn’t mean it. Sherlock was just angry and he wasn’t good at worrying about other people’s feelings when he was feeling too many of his own. So John did what any good boyfriend would do… he remained silent and let Sherlock gather his thoughts, but he didn’t leave because he would never leave Sherlock, especially not when he was hurting like this. He just sat next to him and waited until Sherlock was ready.
“NO! Stay exactly where you are!” Sherlock growled so fiercely that John froze in his tracks, Sherlock didn’t mean for it to come out so harsh, but he wasn’t going to let John come up here. If John came up here he wouldn’t do it and John would die. He would die right in front of him and Sherlock couldn’t handle that. Yes, he was being selfish because he knew that was exactly what he was doing to John at this moment, but god dammit. He was going to be selfish, John was stronger than he was! That was just a fact of life.
Sherlock flailed, “John! Primark? Really?!  Why in the heavens name would we go shop at Primark!”
John sighed and asked him anyway, "Are you cheating on me?" He whispered. He was terrified of the answer, but Sherlock was hiding something. He also knew the signs of cheating, never leaving your phone unattended, never letting your partner see it, getting angry when they did. It didn’t explain the look of pain Sherlock got on his face, but maybe it was more nervousness at being caught rather than pain. He hated thinking that Sherlock would cheat on him, but honestly it was the only thing that made sense. That or Sherlock was using again and it was from his drug dealer – honestly, John would take the cheating.
Sherlock didn't answer. He kept staring at the gun, that was pressed roughly against his forehead and he reached his hand across the floor and found John's. The touch of John's fingers on his calmed him and he gave a reassuring squeeze that everything was going to be okay, even if he didn't feel it himself. He held onto John with everything he had, projecting as much kindness and love towards the boy as he could. A ‘thank you’ because John had saved him and at least he got to experience some happiness before he died. The young detective had always known he wouldn’t live a long life. Somewhere deep down he knew that he would die at a young age, but when he pictured dying he was always alone – alone and cold and dark. He wasn’t alone now though... He had John and that’s all he could possibly ask for. Sherlock closed his eyes, letting peace wash over him, as the sound of the gun shot rang through the air.
Sherlock nodded slowly and for the rest of the cab journey, they rode in uneasy silence.
**fuck past whitney rip my future soul out why don't you.
John snickered and smiled sweetly at Sherlock's mother. “I really hope I don’t intrude on your family… it’s just– well…” John looked down and wrung his hands together, he didn’t want to finish that sentence.
They fell into silence, it was a bit awkward, but not to the point where it was excruciating. A few minutes later John had finished half of his sandwich and had taken his pills. Claire bit her lips some and looked at him for a moment before speaking, “You done?”
Comment! PLLLLLEEEEAAASSSSEEEEE I love reading your thoughts! And I reply to everyone!
DEUCES BITCHES!!!
“I’ll be fine,” John smiled. “See you soon!” And with that he got up and left the diner.
John snapped his mouth shut and swallowed hard. He would not get angry… besides it didn’t really bother him when the remarks were directed at him. It was easier to handle; he was honestly just curious to know how their fathers had met. Though, he did have to refrain from snapping when he was speaking so rudely to Lily… “I probably did, Sir.” He said quietly. Maybe if he just agreed and didn’t give Sigar a reaction, he would stop. That was most likely hopeful thinking, but it was worth a shot.
they were here, so he stood his ground, "what?"
Sherlock was crying. This man, a man that he had never met before in his life, had understood him. He had gotten everything right! Even though he compared him to pie Sherlock didn’t even care… He ran to John and wrapped his arms tightly around him. “Thank you, John… So much..” He swallowed hard.
“GET OUT!!!!” He screamed. Mike nodded and snapped his mouth shut. He swallowed hard and quickly left the room.
“I know. But I like it when you take care of me. It’s sweet and shows your sensitive side.” He snickered some as Sherlock reached into the bag next to the bed to pull out the plastic.
Sherlock took a shaky breath and nodded, “Right… okay, well. Suppose I’ll start from the beginning. As in after I jumped.” He searched John’s face, waiting to see if he would say anything and when he didn’t he pressed onwards. “I knew I had to dismantle Moriarty’s network. If I didn’t then you would die and that wasn’t an option for me. I know I could have told you, but I needed you to actually look stricken with grief. You’re a great actor John, but not even you can fool someone unless it was the real thing.
Moral of the story is everyone needs to go out there and find their Bill because you deserve the best in life and never.... never settle for anything less because you dont think that youre worth it..... because let me tell you something.... you are.
John rolled his eyes, god he was such a fucking child. He picked up his suitcase and walked to the front door, “don’t know when I’ll be back.” He grumbled. “Maybe you can think about what’s more important while I’m gone. Keeping your fucking secrets, or keeping this relationship.” Sherlock didn’t say anything as he walked out the door and left the flat.
Claire blinked rapidly at John, “Well, I don't even know what to say to that...”
“Shh!” Mycroft growled. “Just let him talk for a minute.” He turned his attention back on John, “what happened next..?”
John groaned in pain as his back hit his dresser. “Do. Not. Say. That. Word!” he shot back ignoring the fact that he was in pain, it’s not like he hadn’t been in pain before, and besides, he was used to getting tossed around and tackled on the rugby field.
Sherlock landed on the floor with a hard thud and flailed, waking up immediately, “What! What’s wrong?” His head was moving around like crazy trying to get his bearings in order. Honestly, John would have thought it was cute had he not been extremely pissed off.
"Ahh, but you see, you didn't! So you still have to go!" He snickered and then left the room.
Sherlock blinked and decided that he should just keep his mouth shut. So far talking seemed to make John angrier and he decided that he
John didn’t want to rush over, he didn’t want to seem too eager – though, he supposed it was impossible to seem too eager when one wasn’t eager at all. He felt sick to his stomach, annoyed beyond reason, and heartbroken. He was really hoping this talk could fix things, but he didn’t think that it could.
John shuffled on his feet and then groaned, he was going to wear it under his shirt anyway, regardless of what the necklace looked like. But Sherlock was looking at him like
A week later and Sherlock hadn’t made another move. John decided that he wouldn’t make any move at all because than it would be so much more painful when the inevitable happened. However, he couldn’t help but be upset that Sherlock hadn’t tried anything else. He couldn’t blame the man though... Right when he had grabbed his hand John had left him. If that didn’t scream rejection he honestly didn’t know what did, but that was the thing... it wasn’t rejection it was just impeccably bad timing.
The touch of cool fingers washed over John. It was meant as an act of comfort, to reassure him everything was going to be alright, but instead it just brought pain and sadness. No matter how hard he wanted he couldn’t fix this… No one could. This was the end for Sherlock and it hurt John to know that he was partly to blame. Though, it was probably the end for him too so at least he didn’t have to live with the guilt. Slowly, he closed his eyes as he held Sherlock's hand tightly. He couldn’t watch… he couldn’t watch his best friend die. If he did the image would haunt him for a lifetime, of that he was sure. He flinched and squeezed Sherlock's hand as hard as he could as soon as he heard the sound of a gun being fired.
Woman! This so-called ‘Irene’ had practically just made out with his boyfriend’s face and Sherlock didn’t seem fazed by it one bit! How the fuck could Sherlock complain to him about jealousy when Sherlock didn’t even try to pull away!?
“OH! So that got your attention!” He smirked. “Tell me Sherlock what would happen if I were to…” He trailed off as he started to rip the first ten pages out.
“I know... just... I know it’s stupid, but when I can’t solve a case I’m afraid you’ll... I don’t know... you’ll stop putting up with me and leave...”
“I do know him. Sherlock Holmes is a rude, arrogant man, who closes himself off to the world. He is lonely and he has absolutely no one. It’s just him and his cases. I don’t think he had a good child life and because of that he lashes out when he gets older because he has the upper hand. He yells at people and tells them horrible, horrible things because he doesn’t want anyone to get close to his heart because in his little, but brilliant and amazing brain caring isn’t an advantage. Not one bit. Caring is going to lead him to getting hurt eventually and he can’t stand the thought of that, but that’s because Sherlock Holmes has the biggest heart I could possibly imagine.
Sherlock opened his mouth to say something but just started giggling again, “Okay!” He hummed and tilted his head up to kiss him. It was rough and sloppy and he was pretty sure he wasn’t even kissing John's mouth, but it was amazing! He also thought John trying to climb up him was the most adorable sight he had ever seen.
John hummed and kept moving his head happily. He pulled away and picked up the naked Sherlock as he stumbled into the bedroom. They collapsed on the bed and then John stubbed his toe, he groaned in pain and whined, “Fuck!”
“What this...? Oh, it’s just one of Sherlock's books. The first one ever written actually.”
“So help me, Mycroft… You better get John out of jail or I assure you, I will never forgive you and you will never see me again.” With that he turned and left, listening to the shaky breath Mycroft sucked in as he watched him leave.
John was still standing in the exact same place, holding the gun out in front of him. He hadn't moved an inch and from the look of his face Sherlock could tell he was in shock at what he just did. "John..." He choked out and swallowed when John didn't look at him. It was very possible that John didn't hear him... "John!" He tried a bit louder and then winced. He was bleeding out fast and he knew he didn't have much time...
“…WHAT!!! John that is going to blow away all of your money!!” He flailed. John really was an idiot sometimes; he did not need to be treated with expensive things.
… He sat on the couch, sighing slightly as he worked on his computer. He wasn’t really doing anything important, but he needed to work on something or his mind was going to drive him mental. He was also exhausted, but he knew that going up to the guest bedroom would prove useless. The thought of sleeping somewhere Brian used to sleep was not pleasing in the slightest.
John was sobbing and he pressed his face into Sherlock’s hair. “But I don’t want you to be an orb of fucking light!! I want you to be Sherlock! My Sherlock! A Sherlock who is here and living and breathing with me and please!! Please just hold on!!”
Blake nodded slowly and bit his lip. John scared him a lot actually and he was only here because John had something on him.... John had something on everyone here and that was why they were working for him... well, he had something on everyone, but Mike. Mike just worked for John and no one knew why... Blake had a theory that John actually knew everyone’s name, but only called everyone by the wrong name because he knew it got under some peoples skin. However, Blake didn't mind one bit.
“I’m sorry! I’m so sorry!” She whimpered, “We had a fight and I gave him permission to–” She cut herself off and took a shaky breath, “He ran Sherlock! And I don’t know where he went! But I know he’s not going to come back and I don’t– I don’t know how to stop it!” She choked, the tears falling from her eyes.
John eventually fell asleep like that and so did Zack. He didn’t want to leave John in fear that he might do something stupid.
It wasn’t until eight in the morning that his phone started ringing. He blinked rapidly when he saw that the DI’s number was flashing on the screen. How the hell did he know that Sherlock was alive? Had John gone to him and told him of the unsettling news? That honestly didn’t make any sense, him and John weren’t close… He only knew John because of Sherlock and ever since Sherlock's ‘death’ they hadn’t spoken.
He didn’t even mean it and that was the worst part, he had just been so angry lately because it didn’t make any sense. John said he had written to him, but Sherlock received nothing! He checked the mailbox every day despite himself, and every time he opened the mailbox and didn’t see a letter, he just fell deeper into depression. He was never even jealous of Miles, he was happy John had found a friend, but now he just used that against John in a fit of rage. He briefly wondered how long it had been since Miles had died, he had always wanted to argue with John saying Sherlock clearly had it worse because he had no one to talk to… but it seemed John didn’t either. He also hated the strain in their relationship lately, but Sherlock couldn’t even look at him without feeling resentment for him – and not even about his disappearance, but about the fucking
well anyway please COMMENT SUBSCRIBE KUDOS. BUT ACTUALLY MOSTLY JUST COMMENTS BECAUSE READING A COMMENT IS LIKE WAKING UP ON CHRISTMAS MORNING WITH THE SNOW ON THE GROUND GLITTERING IN THE SUN LIGHT.
John blinked. “No, Sherlock I’m not leaving you!” He growled, he opened his mouth to say more, but Sherlock cut him off.
Watson,” she hummed.
John immediately fell to the ground, gasping for air, and clutching his neck. He struggled to breathe as he watched Sherlock and Brian roll around, really Sherlock was so much smaller than the other boy it was a wonder he was even holding his own. In the end, Brian managed to climb on top of Sherlock, gaining the upper hand, he held the knife up high in the air, all lines in his face expressing every intention he had to bring the knife down against Sherlock's heart. John screamed as he watched Brian plunge the knife down as hard as he could, there was a choked out cry of pain, and then both of them went limp and things were eerily quiet. John started sobbing as he crawled over to the pair, normally, he probably would have been able to tell which one of them screamed, but his heart was pounding in his ears. “Sh-Sherlock...” There was blood everywhere and John didn’t know who it belonged to, but he could only guess Sherlock seeing as Brian was the one to bring down the knife – though, that didn’t explain why Brian was also limp. Shakily, he pressed his hand forward and nudged at the mound of bodies.
John swallowed hard and looked up at him so that he could look into his eyes.
“John, I’m trying really hard… just… Kiss me…. Please? One last time…” He coughed a bit and then groaned again and closed his eyes.
Sherlock nodded slowly, sniffling as he looked up into the blonds face, “Okay... I’m sorry.” He whispered.
Sherlock looked at Brian for a long moment. “Ok. You can go now…” He said awkwardly. Clearly Brian was here just to talk to John and now that John was gone he felt out of place.
John began to cut away until Sherlock started to squirm like a mad man, causing John to almost cut him because he was already drunk and didn’t have good precision, “Sherlock! If you don't stop that I’ll end up cutting your dick off!”
He sighed and slid into the cab with Sherlock. Sherlock was pouting on the other side and John couldn’t take it. He looked down and sighed, “I’m sorry... That wasn’t fair of me...”
the British Government and Mycroft would always scoff and roll his eyes, but on the inside his heart swelled with pride for himself. At least this way he was able to watch Sherlock and spy on him and though he knew of Sherlock's activities, Sherlock wasn’t in immediate danger so he just let it slide.
“I’m tired, Sherlock... go be with John for right now. I’m okay. Really.” She said softly, patting his hand some.
John snickered and then ran into the kitchen naked while Sherlock sobbed even harder. When he came back he was still crying about his trousers, speaking to the space John used to be like he hadn’t even left. John pulled out a pair a scissors and snapped them opened and closed a couple of times, getting a bit too close to Sherlock's nose at one point, “Look what I have!!” he giggled and then knelt down, grabbing at Sherlock's trousers.
“Stop... Stop saying those awful things... I know- I
Detective Inspector Garrett.
...” He breathed. “And if the roles were reversed now... I would stay... I wouldn’t try it... I would stay because you would want me to, and because we are both grown and mature now.”
John caught up with him a little down the street and they just walked in silence. He didn’t know where they were going, but after a while Sherlock slowly took his hand and continued walking, at least there was hope then. John couldn’t help but smile a bit and squeezed his hand, letting him know that no matter what happened he would be there for him.
John looked down and swallowed hard. “Oh...” He whispered and closed his eyes for a second before he stood up and went to the bathroom without saying a word.
jOkE oF tHe ChApTeR:
Donna smirked and looked at The Doctor. “Perhaps you landed your baby at the wrong place again.” She smirked. “Wouldn’t be the first time that’s happened. I’m starting to suspect you really don’t know how to fly it.”
A small smirk played on her face and she looked at John with twinkling eyes, “I did warn you.” She hummed and pushed the drink closer to him.
"Sherl–" John coughed and groaned, "Sherl–" he took a deep breath. "Sherlock.... Don't... Please..." He managed. He knew it was stupid because Sherlock wasn't doing anything... He didn't have a choice in the matter. He was about to watch as his father killed the boy he loved. He hadn't even told him how he felt yet... It was too soon – all new. How the fuck did he even love him already? It had been four fucking days, but as he sat there on the ground… helplessly reaching out to try and save something he couldn’t, he knew it was true. He started to cry as he stared at Sherlock.
Sherlock smiled a bit and gently pushed John off of him so that he fell into the mattress next to Sherlock. Sherlock reached on the floor and grabbed the towel that John had used earlier that morning to wipe his and John's stomach off. John had managed to not get hit with Sherlock's semen, but when he collapsed on top of Sherlock it just sort of smeared all over them. Once he finished cleaning off John’s stomach, he reached down and slowly pulled the condom off, tying off the end and then plopping it into the rubbish bin next to the bed. He gently grabbed John’s softening prick and wiped that off before dropping the towel and curling his body around John.
John finally calmed down and started walking normally again. He actually missed leaning up against Sherlock, but Sherlock had made it clear that he wasn’t into anyone. “Is there a reason for that..?” he asked out loud.
I'm on a train right now leaving Chicago and isnt that adorable?
He slowly stood up and started to make his way back to Baker Street, in truth he didn’t know why he gave the letters to Sherlock to read. He didn’t know if it was because he was hoping things would finally work out between them, or if it was because he wanted to prove a point that he did in fact write every day. Maybe it was the fact that he wanted Sherlock to experience all the pain he had felt, perhaps it was all of those reason. Honestly, John was just terrified though that he didn’t want it to work out at all – that the damage Sherlock had done was unfixable. He definitely knew he wanted things to go back to the way they were before, but things were different now... they had both changed so much and he knew that they would never be what they were before ever again. He wasn’t sure he wanted that – wanted a Sherlock like this.
John blinked and turned his head to look at him before pursing his lips, “I’m sorry… can you repeat that?”
He was so close... so close and Sherlock can't breathe so he just nods, but that works out just fine because John doesn’t want him to talk anyway.
“Oh... Umm neither... I find the whole relationship process to be tedious and tiresome. I’m sorry, but why aren’t you mad?”
“How reassuring,” John said, deadpanned. “No... It’s not that, it’s…...” John took a deep breath, “you wouldn’t be able to get back to your house.”
Actually.... jk I have esodophobia... don't do that... omfg
Sherlock swallowed and nodded. “I think they are sorry, but only because the principle had to call an ambulance.” He shrugged a bit and paused before he continued. “You didn’t have to do that, John.” He reached out and gently grabbed John's, non broken, hand and swiped his thumb over John's thumb.
“So you’re just going to ignore me now?? Why the fuck even have a chair if you’re not going to sit in it?” John hissed, snapping him out of his thoughts.
Eventually, they left and went to the safe house. No one said anything and Mycroft was livid. He could barely look at Sherlock, but he wasn’t angry with Sherlock... he was angry with himself. He should have been there more for Sherlock; he was in such a high position in the government he should have fucking seen it. One thing was for certain though... This so called ‘M’ would not be getting away with this.
“No, it’s not!” He snickered creepily and then looked over his shoulder, “Coming?”
"Deserve to be killed?" He frowned and sat next to him.
“Bye, Mummy!” he said with a smile which was held for two reasons: the first being because he was always happy to see his mother, but the second was because his father had already left and he didn’t have to deal with him.
She knocked on the door, “John?” She called out. “Better get decent before I come in.” Claire tried at a joke, but it fell short. The key to his flat felt heavy in her hand, but she didn’t want to use it just yet. It felt like an invasion of privacy, especially knowing he had a girl over. Plus, if they were in the middle – or hadn’t started yet – John would hate her for ruining it for him.
The man blinked a bit and then glared at him, “You... obviously. Don’t be so dull. Really, I thought this would be fun, but so far you have been quite predictable.” He huffed and pushed him harder against the wall. “Perhaps, in a different world this could have been a game, but caring has made you weak.”
“John...” Sherlock whispered, “Don’t come in... stay where you are and– and – look up.”
John imagined that if he had ever actually joined the army he would be very good so he nodded once and straightened his body, “
(See the end of the chapter for
John let out a sigh of relief, “I mean you thought I was dead so I guess I wouldn’t be able to blame you if you did, but.... thank you.” He whispered, smiling softly.
John pointed the gun at the frightened man and smirked evilly, “What’s your name and why did you involve yourself in mine and Sherlock's business?” He raised an eyebrow.
Sherlock's heart thrummed as he looked up at John. He had never felt this way with anyone and no one had ever said those things to him... it made him special... like he belonged, and that was something he had been searching for forever. Something he had given up on finding until John came along. He smiled softly and swallowed some, “John would you like to watch a movie with me...?”
JoKe Of ThE cHaPtEr:
“John..?” Sherlock was sitting at the table bugging Mycroft when John came running down the stairs, looking a little bit insane. He watched as John ran through the garage, and then heard a car start and peel away. Sherlock was fairly certain John didn’t know how to drive… Sherlock glanced at Mycroft and frowned, “is that normal behaviour when you and your boyfriend are fighting…?”He didn’t think having your boyfriend run downstairs and steal a car would qualify as a normal fight, but he wasn’t one on social queues, Mycroft was always better at it them him.
And John's heart shattered, but he would tell Sherlock a story because that was what he wanted. “Once upon a time there lived a lonely, lonely man. Nobody liked this man because he was different...” John took a moment to try to control his emotions. “One day, the lonely man met a famous prince!” John was practically sobbing. “Sherlock, I can’t – I can’t do it...” He sniffled. “I’m sorry! I know you wanted it, but I just can’t…”
Ever since John got the call from Sebastian he had immediately started planning... he hadn’t been this excited for a job in- well ever actually. If he was going to do this job at all he was going to fling himself into this one hundred and ten percent. He also had to trick Sherlock and whereas he was smarter than the man it could become a bit challenging. Sherlock was brilliant, there was no denying that... and John thought that if he wasn’t such a ‘bad guy’ they could have been best friends.
John blinked. “What about school..?”
Eventually, Sherlock came down the stairs all dressed and ready to go. He always dressed in slacks and a button down shirt. Sometimes he wore a vest over it and sometimes he didn’t. It just depended on his mood John supposed, but he looked posh as hell nonetheless. Most of the kids made fun of him for it, but John thought that if he dressed any less he wouldn’t be Sherlock really. He knew that that was a silly thought because clothes definitely didn’t make the person, but he couldn’t help but think it. John finished his horrendous oatmeal and then said goodbye to Cakeman. He smiled and walked out the door with Sherlock.
His Homeless Network had little to no trouble, and they all came back to him in less than 30 minutes. Record time, really. He wondered if he could get them to be this quick when on a case. They probably wouldn't bother if he or John were not in danger. They did not listen to him as diligently as he thought they should, but they liked John, almost as much as they liked him, and John didn't pay them. A lot of people liked John. Sometimes it made his fingers itch to keep from pulling them away from him.
fans, on the other hand, they grouped together to plot their schemes, having no real life of their own to obsess about.
because apparantly, he 'paid the bills', it was between him and John.
They weren't there to help.
he whispers, through clenched jaw, through his hands, “I won’t deny I- didn't ask for it- I-”
brother.”
“You’re under arrest," he said, fauxly benign, twisting Edwin Sillan's arm around roughly, the click of handcuffs making Sillan stiffen and jerk uselessly, "For harassment. Say nothing - i do not care to listen to your excuses.”
What time is it?
There was a dark, damning possessiveness that resided in both of them, an ugly thing that reared it’s head at the slightest provocation, that howled and screamed, clawing at their heads, twisting their actions.
He had automatically,
All she could think of was John, was getting John
He was endlessly patient with his brother.
She opened her mouth to answer, but then the knocking started up again, and she closed it to sigh, a hand coming up to rub her temple, eyes clenching shut. "Your detective." she said wryly above the sound of knuckles against wood.
"I was not running." John hissed word by word, his lips peeled back in a snarl. His fingers were wound tightly around his fork, and his eyes seemed to flash with fury as he leaned forward.
"What's that?" he asked casually, disinterestedly, on the third day John trudged back up the stairs with weary, dragging steps, lifting his eyes from his microscope deliberately.
“This must be the alcoholic sister.”
Disappointment curls under his throat, he swallows it down. There’s a hitch in John’s stride, a small misstep, when he leans forward to curl his fingers around the handle.
Staring at the pebbles imbedded in the concrete of the side walk, he pondered.
Harriet had infallible memory.
John wasn't doing anything.
She didn’t want to do anything. She wanted to burrow into her pillows; she wanted to keep holding onto the bottle she had stashed in her room. Because she knew that if it was John on the other end, she’d regret. He would sigh, sounding disappointed and tired and angry. He would go quiet and she’d hate it. She was tired of regretting.
“John,”
He knew Mycroft Holmes would never be this petty.
He wanted to say something, but
But John knew he knew.
with such a fierce warmth that he almost backs away, Harriet cool at his back. Sherlock hovers by the stairs, the lines –
It was so easy in the end.
“You know nothing about why I jumped-”
Kidnapped and bared. “It’s always about you!” John shouts, blackened steel lining the back of his words; there must have been once when John had said that with good humour, when he would have
He wondered why he didn't just, pack up and leave.
Didn't want to.
He'd thought a man like John Watson would want to take care of this personally. He'd been waiting to clean up another one of their messes, with no more than a satisfied smile - no disapproval, no exasperation. He'd been
"May I?" Mycroft Holmes asked politely, a bland smile on his thin lips, tilting his head towards the space next to him, as if he would be completely at ease sitting his thousand pound suit of imported silk fabric on the rusty edge of an old park bench.
confined in that compact frame brawling for the light at the end of the tunnel. The breath leaves his lungs. Cold, disbelieving ire twists the shadows of John’s face, the firm cut of his jaw, frustration cresting behind his eyes. “Sherlock,” John, the
He breathes.
Her fingers fumbled for the doorknob. She just barely bit back a snarl when her hands failed her. Fucking damn it. She gave the door a vicious kick, shouting.
He takes two, three quick steps forward, throat constricting, “John, you aren’t-”
Her face is incredulous, but as far as John remembers, his sister hadn’t begun beating down grannies. She’d wanted to leave, but it had been confined to small slivers of discomfort- now, singlet blackened with soot, smoke filled hair, grappling with a stranger, he sees every line of it across her face. He should let her leave.
"Oh? Why not? Is something wrong?"
“You do know, John," Mycroft started in a voice so uncharactaristically gentle and delicate, as if the wrong word would send him spiralling into another panic attack, and wasn't that just the funniest thing - Mycroft Holmes tip-toeing around him like he was a fucking time bomb- "That you need only ask for help." his all-knowing gaze was nowhere near him as Mycroft stared disinterestedly at one of the rose bushes that loitered the park, "Help
John thanked him softly, voice raspy and subdued, and he frowned to himself.
A large community focused on him and John;
In fact, a few years ago, he would've claimed to be fearless. He hadn't been much afraid of anything; dying - no; Mycroft - hah; beaten up - been there done that; bullies - nope, he'd passed that stage years ago. There had been nothing to evoke his fear, nothing to make him grateful, nothing to incite such a large amount of protectiveness, not until the Pool.
John had ordered a simple risotto but only took a few half-hearted bites, before he set his fork down and started playing with his drink.
Oh but
His fingers dig into his palms, and he doesn’t move, because if he
It was
fine. You don’t have to be fine
"Get out." he ordered coolly, at the group of men and women who hovered over the entrance of John's small office, who watched him warily.
And the slurs became worse.
Mrs. Hudson’s hand flashes forward, a fervent pulse beneath paper thin skin. Her smile is pleased and sweet when she grasps Harriet by the crook of her arm. It’s a teeny bit amusing, filtered through lethargy, to see his sister, ever an explosion of sound and movement, freeze in her tracks.
"... Doctor's orders?"
"What do you want?" he asked instead.
“It’s nothing.” John said immediately, fingers white around his mug of tea, head snapping to the side to glare at her. She glared back, straightening her spine. This was not nothing. Since when did John come running to her? Two pairs of stormy blue eyes went to Sherlock, who had pursed his lips tightly at John’s words, icy eyes sharp on her brother. “I was not harassed.” John enunciated.
John snorted, a thin smile curling his lips. His shoulders tensed minutely at the reminder, and Sherlock wanted to backtrack immediately, feeling like he was treading on broken glass. Seemed as if that was all he and John had been doing lately, around each other, always in circles and always in riddles. He
Mycroft thought to himself, his eyes steady on the screen as he brought his glass of scotch to his pale lips. With three clicks of a button, he'd instructed two of his men to monitor John's blog, and decided that since he was a
Then he was suddenly aware of
. Maybe he really was selfish.
; she’d never neglect John. There had been two people she’d promised to love, protect forever; John, and Clara. Clara had left her for someone who didn’t constantly smelled of alcohol and smoke, who didn’t relapse every few weeks, who could actually do something with their life and had an actual future, and she didn’t blame her. John was her brother, and of the family she’d had – father, mother, aunts, uncles – John was the only one she’d ever really cared about. She would never ignore him.
The implication stings, or it must sting, John’s needless,
, Sherlock realized, watching John shuffle downstairs out of the corner of his eyes.
Fury claws its way through Sherlock’s chest.
"It's addressed to him, isn't it?"
He dragged himself away from his harried thoughts when John glanced at him, blue eyes dark and conflicted, yet still worried. Always worried, for him.
Picture source:
It was dark.
Richard Armitage as Moran.
Then there was another deleted comment, right after the first, but John had never found out about them, for they were wiped clean away, the deleted comments having disappeared altogether, without any sign of anyone having posted anything unsavoury in the first place, just as it had been.
Harriet glanced at them, but otherwise went back to prodding her at shrimp spaghetti.
Suddenly, brought out from his blissful unawareness, he wistfully, irrationally, wished they'd found each other years ago.
Then,
John dug his fingers into his thigh, smiling blandly at the young man who stepped into the room.
They knew what happened.
“What is it?”
"There's no return address." she pointed out.
"Doctor Watson," a soothing voice said softly, trying to be reassuring, trying so hard not to panic, but her accent gave her away, her anxiety warping her speech and exposing her loss of control over her own voice, fretful pats to his head, smoothing down his shoulders.
Sherlock shrugged at her reply, and she could already see herself vanishing in his mind as his attention returning to her brother, “John.” He said, all serious.
He was tired.
"Mrs Hudson, i can barely keep track of when
"Leave!" he shouted; his voice, hoarse and pained, broke, to his mortification. N
“There’s an idea,” Sherlock says loudly, the soles of his expensive shoes clicking against the floorboards as he moves towards Mrs. Hudson, an arm extended to nudge her towards her flat. His smile, when John peers at him, is wide and determinedly plastic, revealed teeth flat and pristine. “This is John’s lovely sister, Harriet, why don’t you, get to know her a little better, I'm sure the both of you have much to discuss given your shared love of ingesting mind-altering substances.”
She nodded, clearing her throat as she ran a hand through her hair, wishing there was something she could say, anything at all that wouldn't remind her of what they'd lost.
He shook and he trembled, and warm arms encircled around him, and he couldn't
"Mycroft."
The movies made it seem like she’d remember all sorts of things.
John stares at him.
you're better.
"He seemed a bit... thin."
God, when had she stopped?
His name in looping handwriting, in red pen.
He crossed his arms over his chest, turning his head around with a half-hearted huff of irritation.
“Harriet, is it?” Mrs. Hudson coos, cradling her hand. “Beautiful name. You look tired, I have a new blend, just came in, never been opened.”
The man had a forgettable face, but his brown eyes were intent, staring at him for a brief moment, and then flickered upwards, beyond him. He whirled around with a snarl, knocking away the hand that came from the side without a second to waste, blue eyes alight with anger. They were ganging up on him-! He jerked back when he heard the sound of glass shattering on the sidewalk.
"Make sure they're
He shook his head slightly to clear it, as if the problem was in his mind rather than his heart.
There was a deleted comment on the blog.
He stared back, expectantly, a dawning worry that he had done something wrong. They hadn't any chicken soup left, and it had been too late to buy any - he wouldn't know which brand to buy anyway - when he re-emerged from his Mind Palace, so he'd scoured the cupboards for something, anything that John would enjoy and found a can of tomato soup.
Pale green eyes followed him detachedly when he shuffled into his lounge, a hand scratching at the back of his head, and he faltered when he saw the storm that was coming.
The wailing started up again; cries for sympathy turning into cries of agony.
, this pattern. He wouldn't eat for days, and then she'd get a call from some nurse telling her they'd found him passed out somewhere like he'd been starved.
A few moments later, there was the quiet click of the lock.
"John?"
Temper frayed and nerves frazzled, he couldn’t have stopped himself from turning around, from letting a hand come up to snap around the hooded man’s wrist bruisingly tight as he hissed viciously, “What the fuck, mate.” His skin itched, crawled; he wanted a fight.
But she rained hell anyway.
Wait, no.
Mrs Hudson placed the tray of tea on coffee table, her voice probing and questioning as she picked her way through the utter warzone that was the living room.
He’d done much worse for family; things he hadn’t and wouldn’t regret.
He never wanted to see
His mind returned to the present as the intercom buzzed, the crackling voice of Aaradhya, the receptionist, informing him of his next patient. It would be a long day, and he ignored the way his fingers twitched, the way the nerves under his skin were buzzing and twisting, the overwhelming urge to throw the doors open and run out, and instead follow Sherlock into each crime scene, dog his steps, have his back, never let him out of his sight again, because
Harriet looked out the window, her hands clenched tightly into fists.
“I am fine!” John shouts, backing away, and a sharp pain shakes Sherlock to the core, to see ever-brave and steadfast John flinching at his every movement, his foot barely shifting forward before John takes another abrupt, trembling step back, “I am
(See the end of the chapter for
"Have you noticed anything odd about John?"
and he couldn't feel anything beyond the ringing of his head, the blood in his ears.
useless than he already was.
A towel slung around his shoulders, John turned towards where she sat staring at the screen of her television, where some sports program she didn't give one whit about was running, pausing where he stepped out from the bathroom, dressed in a woolen shirt she'd gotten for his last birthday but never got the chance to give to him. It made him look small. How did it make him look small?
Blast it, Sherlock took his cane.
"Italian?" the taller man asked abruptly, making both she and John turn to look at him.
The letter was what caused her eyes to narrow and her fingers to slow, resting lightly against her purse, her employee card between her thumb and forefinger.
And it was just like highschool, just like primary school, just like his father. Just like the years he tried to forget, the ones he tried to put past him. Just like the bruises he'd had to hide and the defensive barrier he'd had to put up.
might find them.
He had been endlessly patient with John.
His tensed expression inexplicably melted away at the familiar picture, the tired lines smoothing over his weary features and his light blue eyes glancing Sherlock's way every so often before he managed to tear his attention away, his lips pursed lightly, twisting in a tender, wistful frown.
John could have died.
"Italian?" John asked her.
"I have them contained." he said, as carelessly as he was allowed.
They ate in silence.
as she grabbed the envelope, glancing over it before pushing the door open and striding into the practice.
She rolled her shoulders carelessly, her eyes trained on him, thoughtful, but thankfully, hesitant to ask, "Found it just outside the practice." she answered, smiling a bit apologetically when she added, "I came in this morning and found it wedged between the doors. Thought i'd give it to you before i forget again."
He had thought it was Mycroft, purely because of how the letter addressed him. God knows he hasn't seen the older Holmes in a long time - the last time had been 2 years ago, at... at the foot of Sherlock's grave, a week after the funeral. The British Government had found him curled up in pouring rain and roaring thunder, and held up his umbrella to shield him. A fruitless effort, as he was already soaked to the bone and shivering.
he wants to scream, from the hollow of his lungs, palms itching to curl around warm skin, but John as good as jerked back at his advance, wide-eyed, “You have a therapist." he says instead, to help John, to put him to rights, swallowing the myriad of
John who was hurt, and still hurting.
They were begging for approval - that he could read from the large words in their caption, the hurry in which they had typed - for attention of any sort.
But then the letters kept coming, at night, in the evenings, conveniently when he was home.
was one that their rag tag team of co-workers had come up with, that had saved most of them from breaking down in tears.
While he did think John should be less vocal about his objections on leaving his experiments around the flat, as well as waking him up in the middle of the night, and his insistence on being civil to
Sherlock, the sod, hadn’t moved at all, no matter that it was already evening and hours after John had left. He was on his mobile, a pleased curl of his lips that seemed a touch malicious. He did, however, looked up at her when she called him, and the dart of his eyes from her fingers to her face, the wrinkling of his nose, told her he knew, and he knew all of it. He probably knew all her restless, useless thoughts when she wallowed in bed too.
They were the same- only John made them different.
He wanted to hide in his room, hide in his flat, hide forever and never come out.
"Sherlock's coming. Sherlock's coming."
"Yes."
bandages wrapped around his arms when he sat sullenly at the back of the ambulance. Truth was that she didn’t remember him at all. He disappeared the moment she saw the raging fires, realized John was inside.
They jolted awake, and he thought that one may have had a seizure.
His work place, the small clinic, often times, was the only place he could rest his head, surrounded by people who cared for him and showed it in quiet nudges and cups of tea. It reminded him of his time in the army, with his team at his back, sharing faint smiles, pub crawl offers (which he always declined).
“Okay.”
His eyes dart towards the rose lined tea set sitting at the edge of the coffee table. The tray is an old navy green, its personality written in faint white scratches.
“Are you-” the stout man opened the door a little wider at the sight of him.
He pursed his lips tightly, until it was white with pressure.
He knew these things would end. These, these
"I'm here for John."
He stared at it.
and it was Sherlock, trying the handle of his door, voice frustrated and worried, and nope, no, Sherlock couldn't see him like this. Sherlock
(http://kissthemgoodbye.net/sherlock/displayimage.php?album=9&pid=29294#top_display_media)
John’s hand flashes tight and unforgiving over the flat of his mouth, pressing
When they came back, pushing the door open with hesitant hands, he had forgotten himself somewhat, with his arms curled around John's thin frame, his nose burrowed into John's hair, just breathing in, breathing out, nearly asleep himself, his eyes half-shut as he commited the feeling of John's body fitting against his own, warm and familiar, and John's face pressed into the crook of his neck, still, pliant, arms wrapped around his waist loosely.
But if I try I can re(M)ber
“Do you even know how to drive!!” John flailed as a bullet shattered the back window. John screamed and ducked, making sure his body was completely flat.
John didn’t want to even think about that. The thought of Mycroft letting his father run free terrified him more than anything. His father was a dangerous man and not someone to be messed with... and yet John had messed with him. John shook his head trying to rid the thought from his mind and then walked to the door once the class had ended. He smiled softly when he saw that Zack was waiting for him.
“Wanna know something?! I couldn’t give a shit about what your father thinks!” He smiled and kissed his forehead. “We’re in this together, yeah? So, we’re going to face it together.” Then he smirked, “also the thought of you having feathers is the funniest thing in the world to me, I want to ruffle them every day.”
What's the difference between a snowman and a snow woman?
kill you!” his father spat. He was still lying on the floor of John's room and even though it should have looked pathetic… it scared John to the bone.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock took a breath and then grew angry, after everything he had done, after everything they had been through John was just leaving. “Fine. Go away. See if I care.” He snapped at him before turning on his heels and stomping back out to the couch to have a sulk.
“I love you, John! There I finally fucking said it! Is that what you want to hear? That you made a sociopath fall for you? That I think of ways to make you smile every second of every day because seeing you sad physically pains me! That I want to wake up next to you every single morning! I want to get into silly little fights where you storm out of the flat, but come back because you can't stay away and then we would fall in bed together and make love as we apologised! I want to cuddle with you on the couch and watch crap telly! I look at you and her together and it pains me, but at the same time I want you to be happy because your happiness comes first. I would give up everything in my life if it meant that you would be happy! And that terrifies me.” Sherlock chokes out and wills himself not to cry. He will not let John see him so vulnerable.
They kept walking for quite some time before Sherlock's hand brushed against John's. He swallowed and pretended like it didn’t happen. If he pretended like it didn’t happen then John wouldn’t have noticed. Or at least that’s what he told himself, which was really contradicting to everything Sherlock had told himself. Everyone pretended like things didn’t happen, like things didn’t exist, but Sherlock still saw them. Still, not everyone was Sherlock and was blind… So if he pretended it didn’t happen, then it didn’t happen.
JoKe Of ThE cHaPtEr:
John just stared at him blankly and Sherlock sighed, “Four suicides and now a note! Oh, this Is Christmas! Brilliant!” He flailed around and grabbed his coat and scarf.
Sherlock took a deep breath as he thought back to the letter John had wrote, he briefly wondered if Sebastian was the one John had written to him about, but most likely not. There were probably hundreds of men that John just wasn’t able to save. He pushed the thought from his head and nodded slowly, “we can get through this, okay? I’ll help you, but you have to call everything off.”
He hesitated a moment before nodding, “Yeah... I would like to go to bed now... umm, I’ll see you in the morning, yeah?”
Sherlock swallows hard and stares at the box. He can't figure out how to make his mouth work, but eventually he does. “It’s lovely, John. I’m sure she’ll love it.” He says quietly and looks at him. He won’t stop looking. If he stops John will slip away, but John's already gone.
On June 27, 2014, exactly two year after Sherlock's death, Mike walked into John’s room to check on him. However, what he found broke his heart. He ran to the bed to check on John, but he was too late – hours too late. He climbed in the bed and held John’s lifeless body in his arms as he sobbed. He looked down and saw that John was holding some stuffed squirrel. He didn’t see the relevance in that, but he also didn’t dare take it out of John’s hands.
John took a deep breath and walked out of the house.
at john in the first place? Clearly someone planted this to make him look guilty!!”
John sighed and looked at Sherlock. “Oh, I dunno… I feel like Sherlock has some hidden muscles somewhere under his scrawny frame. I bet he’s one of those kids you think is just a gangly useless fucker and then BAM! He has you in a head lock.”
He sat in the back of the cab and scrubbed his face, Sherlock was literally going to be the death of him, but he was done. He couldn’t do it anymore, it was ruining his life and it was causing him to be miserable all the time. He loved Sherlock deeply, he knew that he always would, but there was only so much a man could take.
(Z-Ed. Because remember how they say Zed instead of ZZZZZZZ haha)
John finished hanging the clothes and then went back downstairs to sit next to Sherlock, “I’ll be with you every step of the way, okay?” He whispered and kissed his hand.
Now I only put that joke in because it reminds me of a little kid Sherlock flailing in the bathtub and I don’t think my heart can handle anymore omg
John blinked a bit and just stared as his erection until it wilted. He didn’t understand what the hell had just happened and he didn’t understand why Sherlock had just sucked him and then randomly left in the middle of it! They hadn’t seen each other in five fucking years and this was the welcome home he got? Sherlock acted like they had been great friends for ages, who saw each other weekly. He acted like they were just sitting watching telly instead of being intimate together. John felt like he had just been slapped in the face, this wasn’t his Sherlock at all and honestly that thought made him ill. He slowly got up, tucked himself in, and looked around the room slightly. He didn’t want to be here without Sherlock – hell, he didn’t want to be anywhere without Sherlock, but if this was the new Sherlock… if this was what Sherlock had become then maybe he was better off being alone. Maybe he didn’t want to be with Sherlock at all. It wasn’t a matter of maybe though, if this was what Sherlock had become he knew for certain he didn’t want to be with him. He sighed and then shook his head as he left the flat. His heart felt heavy and he wanted to cry, but he was able to hold it together until he found a movie to watch, a tub of ice cream to eat, and a hotel room to stay in. He was sad yes, but he could manage. He wasn’t the small, weak, little boy Sherlock had known. The army had made him stronger, had made him grow. Yes, it sucked, but that was life. Sherlock was different, Sherlock had changed, and unlike him… it wasn’t for the better.
“Yes, but see, you are the guest. So therefore, you get the bed. I’m not going to argue, Sherlock.” John hummed and started making a little pallet on the floor by using blankets.
Sherlock, on the other hand, was being a prick because he was angry that John didn’t tell him sooner, and he knew that that was stupid because Sherlock refused to talk to him. If John said a word to him he would laugh or say something snarky… so of course John didn’t think he would even care if he was joining the army, ready to set off overseas with the great possibility that he would die. He honestly probably thought Sherlock wanted him dead, he practically told him that. John was probably terrified Sherlock would rejoice with joy if john told him, although, John had to know that wasn’t true now, but then, at the time of everything, he honestly thought that Sherlock didn’t deserve to know. It all made sense to Sherlock on why John
Sherlock doesn’t look up, “You were gone. I saw an opportunity. You don't live here anymore, John, so if you really wanted it you would have taken it with you.” He grumbles some and keeps burning it.
It's so late I'm going to throw a party and drink wine coolers!
Two weeks had passed. Two weeks since the accident, two weeks since the rescue, and two weeks since John has been in a coma. The doctors had said that they finally got him to breathe on his own again, but despite all that, he had still fallen into a coma... John was hooked up to machines and there was even one that was making him breathe and Sherlock didn’t understand why he needed a machine to help him breathe if he could do it on his own! They just told him that it helped John out more and was there in case his body forgot how to do it, Sherlock didn’t argue because he needed John at the moment and if the doctor said it was best then he would listen. He wasn’t about to be kicked out of the room for something petty, even if he did think it was all stupid.
John barely registered what was happening. He was heaving for breath and everything sounded far, far away. Like he was underwater and he was trying to listen to the sounds on the surface. He didn't hear the door open and he didn't feel Sherlock tackle his father to the ground wrestling for the gun. He coughed and coughed as things started to become clearer and more focused. He turned his head and his brain stopped. He blinked rapidly and tried to call out, but his sound didn't travel. His throat felt like it was on fire. It hurt so much, but he didn’t care. He didn’t care that it hurt to speak or yell because he wanted to reach out,
“Nonsense. It was no problem at all,” Sherlock smiled. He opened his mouth to say something as he grabbed up his things, but was stopped as Brian and Zack came up and knocked into him hard, causing his books and worksheets to be thrown all over the floor.
He pressed his lips to John's lips and breathed out on five. That’s how rescue breathing went right? Five seconds per breath, look, listen, and feel on the first three seconds. Look for the chest rising, listen for John's breath, and feel the breath on his skin... his cheek, then breathe in the fresh air on four and out into John's mouth on five. He was positive, but he couldn’t remember for sure and his brain wasn’t working!
Sherlock blinked slightly and furrowed his brow, what did that have to do with anything? “Am I not allowed to sit on the couch?”
John screamed and tugged at his hair some more, “WHO? Who the fuck would tell you something like that when it was clear it wasn’t true?” He hissed, he wanted to back down because Sherlock looked rather intimidating, but he was a soldier and he never retreated.
One time i read one of his cards he gave my mom and it was for their twenty first anniversary which just happened in march and he said "21 Years and it only seems like yesterday when i held you in my arms for the first time as your husband. I love you so much that words cannot describe. You are truly amazing..." And the card goes on, but that was just a sample. Basically all of his cards are like that and sometimes more heartfelt. He's also an amazing dad.... i have so many great memories with him....
“But you
Eat Mop!
Heh. and here we are years and years later. To be exact 5. I still havent finished this fucking story. I never updated once a week. But here I am. doing my thing. Going over every chapter and editing it so that I can write the next chapter and finish this story soon. Because five years is a long fucking time. And as always Queen Cyrus' words have never rang so true to me.
It had been one month, one week, and two days since John had been living at Zack's, not like he had been counting or anything. John was currently sitting on the couch, filling out papers, when Zack came into the room.
Just Ice.
“What makes now different? Why are you here now then... can't he still kill us...?” he whispered and looked at Sherlock for the first time. “Aren’t you risking everyone’s life right now just by being here?” He said icily, but at least he was looking at Sherlock. Baby steps. Sherlock would take whatever John would give him.
"Anyways... I have what you're looking for. The memory stick! That is what you wanted.... Isn't it?" Sherlock hummed some.
“I take that as a yes then.” John said under his breath and smiled. While Sherlock was gone he slipped his work phone into his pocket and waited for Sherlock to emerge.
people, Sherlock?” She sighed and stared him down.
“Still! It’s cold and I’m tired! We’ve been out here for hours,” He grumbled. “How about you just admit that we are lost?”
Sherlock sighed and nodded, “I think that would be for the best...” He smiled softly and kissed him once, John always had the best ideas in truth, and ever since John had watched the videos their relationship had been thriving. It was because they finally both understood each other, they both understood what the other went through – no one was left in the dark. Though, that didn’t mean they still didn’t have small fights every now and then, but it was getting
Sherlock stepped closer to him, “John… what do you mean…?”
He wanted to make a comment about how just because he looked awful, didn’t mean it was because of Sherlock. But that would have been a lie, so he just didn’t say anything. Perhaps coming here was a bad idea, but he just wanted comfort. Unfortunately, it was clear she wasn’t going to give him that.
“I’ll come back to you, Sherlock. I promise. I love you.” He smiled and pulled away to look at his face.
(See the end of the chapter for
He swallowed and nodded, “Yeah...” He kissed her forehead goodbye and then went back to Baker Street.
John honestly wanted to wiggle away, but he couldn’t exactly move since he was tied up, not to mention he hated himself for being scared of Mycroft now that he saw the sight of the man. The man was like a brother to him, but he supposed that when said brother drugs you and ties you up, well the trust tends to fly out the window, doesn’t it? Not to mention there was just something…
Two weeks later things were finally settling back to normal. Sherlock wasn’t really hurt anymore and John had been extra kind to him recently. It was funny really, because Sherlock wasn’t even angry, but if John felt the need to pamper him… and Sherlock wasn’t one to argue with that. They still hadn’t had sex yet – or really done anything other than snog and get a little handsy on the upper half, but that was all fine. John wasn’t ready and secretly Sherlock didn’t think he was either, though he supposed that wasn’t really a secret considering he was the one who stopped them the first time. He wanted that moment to be a special moment that both of them would remember forever. Call him a hopeless romantic if you must, but truthfully Sherlock was like a delicate flower that needed to be taken care of specially and somehow John knew just how to do that.
“Just some fucking sleep,” John mumbled and then dropped Sherlock's hand, he scrubbed his face and then walked into his bedroom without another word. Neither of them mentioned that it was only five in the afternoon, but Sherlock also imagined that John needed as much sleep as he could get, considering the last two years hadn’t treated him very well.
if I don’t know what’s wrong.”
“Zack, I know... It’s fine. I should have just gone home to begin with...” He swallowed and looked away. He refused to go back to his home and he wouldn’t now even though he couldn’t live with Zack anymore. Truthfully he didn’t know where he was going to stay for three weeks, but he figured it didn’t really matter. It was spring, nearing summer, and so the weather was somewhat reasonable... Depending if it wanted to be or not.
He felt like he was drowning all over again, even more so than he had been before. The reality of everything hitting him all at once was suffocating. He felt like thousands of heavy stones were piled up on his lungs and he couldn’t do it, he couldn’t take it anymore!! He felt terrible because he made a promise to Sherlock that he would never do something so low, but Sherlock had made a promise to him and now look where he was!? Six feet fucking under, that’s where.
“Yeah, but a sexy man,” He hummed and smirked back at her, purposely ignoring that last part.
“Oh!” Sherlock’s eyes flew opened and he smiled, “Can I borrow your phone?”
John laughed a bit and then sat next to Sherlock’s bed as he reached out to grab his hand. “You just woke up from a grueling surgery that saved your life and your first question is how long you have to stay in here?” He chuckled fondly and shook his head, “Sorry, love, we have no idea. It just depends on your recovery process.”
come first, but don't think that that means I want to be there to see you happy with someone else and then not be able to see you ever again!”
she does that to me on instagram all the time.... actually if my mother found this i would be grounded until satan rose up from the ground and melted all of the snow in the world.
Sherlock rolled his hips some and tangled one hand in John's hair, while the other hand held John hand that was holding onto the dog tags around his neck.
Blake flinched a bit and swallowed, “I take you seriously... always...” This talk was getting a little bit boring. He had this talk at least once a day! It wasn’t always with Blake, but he did talk about his ‘reputation’ with at least one staff members a day.
okay... carry on with my story.
John did as he was asked and went to Sherlock. He lowered himself down so that he was lying next to the taller boy and smiled a little. The next thing he knew a weak fist was colliding with his stomach, though if he was honest it didn’t really hurt at all, but if that’s what Sherlock needed then he would give it to him.
JoKe Of ThE cHaPtEr:
John thrusted his jaw forward and glared daggers at him, “Oh, please tell me what outcomes you had thought up were.”
John let out a harsh laugh and just shook his head, he let go of Sherlock and took a step back. There was no point in doing anything else, he didn’t know what else to do honestly. And in truth, that was a lot worse than he was expecting. He thought maybe a couple of hours, but less than five fucking minutes??? He really wished he was wearing an engagement ring right now so he could throw it at the fucking bastards head, but they hadn’t gotten around to getting them yet. “Right.” He said quietly as he laughed softly to himself. He jutted his jaw forward and shook his head before raising both of his eyebrows in resignation. “Well, have a nice life with Adrian – or whatever the fuck his name was.” He mumbled and then turned around, picked up his suitcase, and left the flat.
i have a really important story to say but I'll write it at the bottom!!!
He blinked a bit, he wasn’t surprised the man was waiting for someone, he was surprised because apparently he knew who exactly he was waiting for. “You knew I was coming..?” He tightened his grip on the gun a tad and lifted it back up, aiming straight for Sigar’s head in case he did anything funny.
Dwayne who?
“Always,” Sherlock shot back with a grin. He had never had a friend before and John made him feel happy. He briefly wondered if this was what having a friend felt like as they walked in comfortable silence. He always wondered what the point of friends were, but if this was what it felt like then how did he go so long without one? Though that was hardly his fault, no one ever wanted to befriend him. After a long while John spoke up.
Sherlock swallowed hard and felt his heart break into little pieces. Like John he ended up writing many letters before he finally had settled on the right one.
The doctor sighed sadly and then turned around, leading him to the operating room. He watched as John walked over to the table Sherlock was laying on and then left the room, giving the two men some privacy.
“Sherlock!! It’s abandoned!!!” John flailed and stayed where he was, he wasn’t about to be murdered.
John froze and swallowed hard. He
Sherlock gasped and stood up as quickly as he could. He moved in front of John to protect him from anything his father was about to throw his way. “John, he will not hesitate to throw the knife at you… and trust me when I say he never misses… go!”
Mycroft hesitated, “John... I don’t want you to commit murder...”
Question:
Sherlock looked over at him and frowned, “You okay..?”
When Sherlock plopped down next to John, John cringed a bit. Sherlock’s smell was almost overwhelming, it hadn’t even been a full twenty-four hours yet and John was missing him like a mental person. He knew it was stupid, but he just thought that he and Sherlock were meant to be together. They just fit and he felt like they belonged together, forever... John wasn’t going to give up so easily. He licked his lips and looked at Sherlock. “I know... I know it was just an experiment, but maybe- I mean do you want to-“ God, he was asking out the person that broke up with him. Again pathetic. But he just couldn’t seem to let Sherlock go.
"The paper in your pocket." he said, as patiently as he could.
Harriet rolls out of bed, muttering resentfully about the time, because it's only 6 in the morning and she never gets up at 6 in the morning, who the bloody hell visits someone at 6 in the morning? She cringed when the knocking only got louder, and it was probably for the best no one was ringing the bell - god that thing would scream - but they were
She didn’t.
"Hm, yes," she wanted to go back to bed, but John seemed to be completely awake now, stormy eyes wide and
John could have died.
When he returned to his office, a block away, Mary and William glanced at him for a brief moment, worry in their gaze, but Nadia had already shoved a cup of hot cocoa into his hands.
Two men came running towards him.
“Is that a fucking syringe?”
And when he reached under his pillow for his gun, clenching his hands as tightly as he could around the rough handle, his fingers shook so hard it slipped from his grasp when he pulled it out, making a small, soft
She would. She really would.
had arrived without so much as a call - not that he actually expected a call from Sherlock, or even a text... - barging in with his dark billowing coat from non-existent wind and quicksilver eyes, bored and demanding, like a visage in flashing black and white. Then, he'd had papers plastered over every inch of his flat like a man possessed, his frantic scrawling spelling his desperation and etching out his regret.
He hadn’t accounted for the childhood mindset that would move in, take over, the defense child had constructed a life time ago, to hide it, as if it were his own burden to carry, to never share because it had been beat into him that he would only ever bother anyone else.
He wasn't spending any time with Sherlock.
He glared at another ignorant comment:
“Nothing!”
"Maybe it's not what we think it is." William suggested, bringing the mug to his lips slowly, his gaze trained on the letter as if he could ascertain it's contents if he stared long enough.
He grabs the teapot, lips pursing when it lifts lighter than he had expected. “I’ll make some.” he mutters, crowding the rest of the set towards his chest, resting precariously in his arms, as he makes for the kitchen.
The heat of the flat is stifling. Mrs. Hudson must’ve turned on the heater, which meant his changing of the lock had done nothing to deter her. Sherlock casts his eyes beyond the flat, to peer at the chilled windows, wavering water spots like flowers plastered to the glass. Speech is a distant, cloying thought, a chore he knows he must finish, but he stares at the curve of John’s shoulder, and silence grows thicker by the minute.
John laughed; it hurt to hear it. The hollow rasp, how he laughed like he couldn't breathe. Sherlock's lips pressed tightly together, expression pinched. Poor guy didn't seem to know what to do with himself. So maybe he wasn’t such an asshole after all.
Actually, she wanted to sleep. Maybe forever. Sherlock's expression went pinched again at her silence, and she sighed, her shoulders loosening.
How true, he mused to himself, ignoring the ache of his heart at the thought.
Poison Trash Poison Trash
Mm͢mm͜
would not be so lucky.
He was doing it wrong.
The thought made something dark and hot swell in his chest, a bubbling anger he didn't often feel. He'd felt it before, years ago, when John seethed at him for
A mumble through the living room, something that sounds like a half-hearted protest. Sherlock tries not to strain his ears waiting, listening, but there are no footsteps, no conflating cushions, slip of the carpet on old wood.
as an excuse, where she ached and bruised, perhaps too much, in too many places, to be anything but a sub for her team… How many times she caressed her brother’s own bruises and hauled him up into her arms, to quieten his sobs into dy snuffles, how many times John had to pull her back and away from the dicks who laughed at them and picked at
“Did he? I doubt he’s told you anything at all, actually.”
staying behind. All she’d ever wanted was for John to be
; and the young women who answered the door fell at his feet like a house of cards. He played the victim, just to guage which ones they were, were they the ones who despised his John - how they did he had no idea, he hadn't ever seen someone who didn't like John, his mild manner, his soft-spoken ways, his ever changing eyes... - or the ones who loved thinking John as a harsh overlord who commanded his every single move?
William, in one of the rare moments in which he came earlier than the rest, poked his head through the staff room door, his shaggy dark hair shifting over his glittering blue eyes, “Good morning, Mary.” He greeted with an abundance of cheer, his lips already lifting in a bright grin as he lifted a mug in her direction. It was probably coffee.
The sight of it made him purse his lips in irrational anger.
"No, you weren't." he countered lowly, tilting his head to the side, adding sharply when it seemed as if John was about to object: "You were running away from it."
the first time I’ve-” his voice cut off, drawing in a shaky breath as he stares back at Sherlock, eyes losing their manic light, turned helpless, “I
"What?"
"Like he hasn't been sleeping well. Has he been eating?"
It’s a good thing she isn’t facing Sherlock at all, the cogs turning behind her eyes, because the man radiates unbridled self-satisfaction, somewhat muffled without eye contact.
“Is this what it’s always like?” she asked finally, sounding far away even to herself. Her voice cracked and hoarse.
"Harry?" John's voice was slightly garbled where he spoke by the door of his room, as if he didn't want to be too far from the comfort of his bed in case it wasn't too late for him to jump back in if the knocking wasn't important, "Who's it?"
As if his chest didn't hurt at the thought of the distance that had grown between them, Sherlock a brooding, unreachable figure, and every time he wanted to each out, tried to open his mouth to spit out words he should've said years ago, the brilliant, brilliant madman only seemed to be further away.
It was like Sherlock to want to bundle the doctor up and lock him up where no one could hurt him. John Watson, against all odds, looked at his brother and saw something worth loving. And if John Watson, who saw good in most everyone, who hid away his urge to break bones as if it were something to be ashamed of, who was always so careful with his words, always careful with his actions, as if one wrong move would turn him into his father… if John Watson saw something worth loving in Sherlock Holmes, then clearly, there was something worth loving in Sherlock Holmes.
She would have been far more irritable. She had a drink before, that he knew. Maybe when John had fallen asleep; he could see her moving along the rooms of her apartment silently, white knuckled and guilty.
The god awful rattling ceased, but he stared at the darkened planes of his door with wide eyes. It wouldn't betray him and open, he knew it couldn't, but for a terrifying moment, he'd believed it would. It was just the way his life had been going, just the way.
"John." she said, voice small, already remembering the bottle on her couch.
Well it turned out Moriarty was right.
the muted
And sometimes, when he wanted something from John, he did too.
And they
She could have lost him so many times before.
She swallowed, her fingers spasming around the edge of the door for a brief moment, and he didn't even notice it. John, who noticed almost everything about her, didn't notice how her eyes flashed with panic and guilt, because he had been looking at his feet, just waiting for her to turn him away. That was it.
The paper burned just as easily as it should, and for a moment he was frustrated.
Sherlock and John talk.
Tomorrow, tomorrow would be different. He'd wake up refreshed and ready to face people again. He wouldn't shy away from his colleagues, from his patients, from any human contact to ease his throbbing head, a slow pounding that made him ask for a short reprieve through the intercom, and of course, Nadia had agreed, told him Mary would take over his patients, pretending she didn't hear how his voice shook and cracked.
Glass again- kidnapping? They wanted to take him away? Hah- Laughter left his lips in the form of short breathless growls, ducking when a fist came for his face. He didn't care, he didn't care. He was going to beat them to a fucking pulp.
He liked to think of himself as a patient man. He grew up with Sherlock Holmes, with a 4 year old one who wouldn't stop taking away his dinner and throwing it at the dog for no good reason except to watch him eat it so he couldn't, with a 14 year old who slammed doors wherever he went, with a 18 year old one who wouldn't stop slipping away, shooting up for no other reason than that he was
So it seemed paranoia ran in the family. Whoop. She gave the door another kick before trying the doorknob again- it opened. She doubled back for her phone, because why not? If it really was nothing, the most she would get was a sneer of some sort.
He wasn't in the mood for any Holmes drama, and instead closed his laptop and got ready for bed.
yanking his arm back with enough force to dislocate it when the uncoordinated imbecile stumbled forward.
“You should try those blends.” is all he ends up saying.
Mycroft Holmes would never end up telling his brother:
“He came to me to get away from you, you ass.”
John.
"Thanks, Aaradhya." he managed to say in a steady voice, reaching out to pull the blasted thing from her hold, his throat dry and his heart beating rapidly against his chest. He shouldn't jump to conclusions though, he shouldn't assume anything unless he had all the facts. He took a deep breath, voice soft when he finally asked, "Who..?"
Agnes Bruckner as Harriet Watson
He screamed.
Mary can cover for you; don't worry about a thing. First
“I think it’d be better for you to leave the room now, Ms Watson.” and her attention snapped back to the posh arse sitting on her tattered couch, fury making her fingers curl, the back of her neck prickling as she ignored how her brother’s eyes fell on her, instead choosing to snarl at the 'consulting detective' watching her. This was her flat, and he looked like a twig. She could break him easily, but she wouldn't because John was
Sherlock watches him, his head half-cocked. Why is there a pause? Surely the tea doesn’t look as distasteful as John is making it out to be, it’s only tea water after all. The length of his brow furrowed, a bulb goes off as the silence grows. Limbs spurred by a quiet panic, he swoops towards John quickly, wrenching the cup from his grip. Startled, it’s barely a second before John lets go, head snapped up to look at him, bewildered.
It was such a simple thing, a piece of paper; store-bought, cheap. It held so much weight in it, so much self-hatred, the words written with such fevor and without thought, as if all the man wanted to do was
"I want them to know," Sherlock started to say, nonchalant, as if it had just came to him, his eyes trained on the screens put on display just for him, blue light washing over his angular features, "What they did wrong. I want them to know why they're suffering
He glanced at the John beside him, pale eyes trailing down John's body quickly, remembering the slimness of his wrists, the thinness of his cheeks.
"Thank you, dear. I wasn't too sure about the colour initially," she told him in a loud whisper, "But i felt like changing things up a bit today. Oh," she handed him the letter, "This came for you. Not sure who left it there. When i opened the door, there was no one outside."
He was doing it wrong.
wasn't
"Oh don't lie to yourself, John." he retorted angrily, a curt sound that almost made John flinch back. He wouldn't take it back- "If you were going to do something, you would have by now, but you didn't-"
"Hey Harry."
“Hello.” Sherlock chirped in faux cheeriness, standing at the door of a small house in a disgustingly clean neighbourhood, even with a little church at the end of the street and nice plots of gardens for each home. He smiled, almost a baring of teeth, the curve of his lips slipping almost as soon as it appeared.
Sherlock hadn’t yet learn to control it; he hadn’t felt the need to curb it growing up, hadn’t seen why he should.
“Don’t need it.” she immediately shot back, already making her way towards the door. Coat be damned.
Recap:
he berated himself,
when he had another blond lying in bed with him, tracing his childhood scars with a probing finger, a thoughtful crease as he looked up and said in a quiet whisper, a
See, he never had many friends.
What the fuck. What was this?
He doesn’t know he’s waiting, not really, the cusp of his breath halted, until Harriet turns and storms politely into 221C with Mrs. Hudson.
“Is John okay?”
“Thanks.” John mutters, the end of his lips curled slightly upwards, amused. He looks down at it, swirling slowly.
He throws lukewarm water into the mug.
John froze briefly in his steps at the sound of his voice, his fingers twitching towards his trouser pocket. Eventually, he turned to look at him, expression infuriartingly blank, bringing his cuppa up to his lips, rolling his shoulders in a careless shrug as gunmetal blue eyes stared at him over the rim of the mug. "What's what?" he asked evenly.
He promised himself, he promised John, that these men and women who had been running their mouths,
Irritation races across the twitch of her eyebrows.
Tomorrow came.
, “Every bloody thing that’s happened since I met you- it’s been about-”
And it had hurt when he walked away from her, when she walked away from him. They were all each other had left,
John stared at him.
Sherlock was always unreachable, and now even more so, and every time he tried, there would be a barrier keeping him still, and Sherlock only went further and further away.
And occasionally Mrs Hudson.
trying to speak, stalling, trying to speak, stalling.
He breathes through his nose.
The other group had to be tracked down individually.
She tossed her phone somewhere across the bed, letting her hand drop on the mattress. Curling in on herself, she squeezed her stinging eyes shut.
"It's tomato soup." he answered promptly, silently hissing at himself for not noticing how tired John seemed to look all the time, head ducked down to be able to look his flatmate in the eyes, tilted slightly to the side as he tried to gauge John's reaction.
Looking away from the nurse smoothing balm over her palms, she turned her gaze to Sherlock, who had insisted he was fine with such ferocity the nurses didn’t dare touch him. Not until a tired look from her brother had the great looming bat agreeing to a check-up. He ended up with bandages.
"Leave." he heard himself snarl, burrowing into the crook of his arms, feeling his cold fingers pressing against his biceps as he closed his eyes, as he pressed his eyes insistently against his skin to rid himself of the flashing faces burnt into the forefront of his mind. "Just..." the word left him in a loud exhale: "
Possessiveness, he mused, watching Sherlock experiment with blaring repititive sounds into the each individual cells, pressing each button with vindictive satisfaction, was a feeling that had only been exclusive to their parents, in other words, to family.
how to do this.” He says brokenly, cracked.
“He’s
“Maybe.” Nadia said, her lips pursing, swivelling her chair back to face her computer screen.
He showed up with his scarf hanging loosely from his neck, a dejected expression on his features, voice soft and mournful;
It's good enough; his fingers cradle his head gently, one splayed against his cheek, the other curved behind his neck. John glances away, embarrassed, as he says softly, "I'm afraid you did that, John Watson."
. What they're hurting for."
"The two of you, stop it." Harriet interrupted loudly, an ugly sneer pulling her lips when they turned towards her irritably. Her glower was vicious, though her arms were crossed again. She swept her hair from her shoulders as she pulled herself to her feet, pulling three crumpled bills from her pocket to slam on the flowery print of the table. "Since
His head jerked up – not guiltily,
"I want them to know," Sherlock said silkily, turning around to look at Mycroft, his glass eyes as cold as his pale features, not even a ghost of a smirk in the face of his victory, and in that moment, it seemed they were every bit brothers, "That if they ever touch John again, i will not be so kind."
He wanted to tear at his chest until he bleeded out, until it stopped.
of us are hungry," she spit. "We're leaving, before we get thrown out."
. His feet made an aborted movement towards the darkened hallway, where he knew to be where the guest room was, “I’ll be in my room.” Somehow, it sounded like a question.
Sherlock’s lips twist.
If there was ever a moment
"You're looking nice today, Mrs Hudson." he said, trying his very best to return the sympathetic smile she offered, though it had felt painful in the end, and only made him duck his head down, unsure on how to meet her gaze, knowing and exasperated.
“Let’s get this over with.”
"Hey, it's okay!"
"OH SHUT UP."
"What happened?" she asked when the call ended, when the cheering of the match on the telly died down to a low buzz and all she was aware of was his breathing.
He shoved the crumpled paper into his pocket, an unnatural angle it had taken poking into the soft flesh of his palm, and still he clenched his fists even tighter around it. Maybe it was the Spring breeze that shook his hands, that made him shiver.
"What's this?" John asked, voice soft, as if he hadn't the strength to talk normally.
that they're not the 'bad ones'. Their actions speak for themselves, and though he hadn't been on the forum for more than a day, he already knew they were one to avoid.
"He's always been that way." he said dismissively,
“You are an obnoxious twat.” She replied, the lines of her features creasing as she scowled in his direction briefly, just as her brother sent a stern, disapproving expression towards said obnoxious twat, who only sneered at the couch before flopping down on it. He didn't seem to be such an asshole online.
Though it said
Sherlock was busy trying to blow the kitchen up.
not guiltily – at the sound of John’s voice. The blond himself looking at him with tired, curious eyes, eager for something to distract him, clearly. Sherlock didn't think he would like what he had been checking on his mobile. John didn't like to be helpless, he had to remember that.
The doorbell rang once, then twice.
The paper crunched under his right hand where it had rested against his thigh, and he rolled it into a ball without looking at it, his eyes and mind elsewhere as he tossed it into the trash.
John stood, letting go of the fork he'd been holding onto.
There was a loaded silence from Mycroft.
He pulled the torn letter from his pocket, smoothing over the crumpled edges with his long fingers, bringing it up to the light, tilting his head to the right to peer carefully at the scratches that was meant to be words, at the slight pressure in the paper at how the name was written.
, would not be so lucky.
That was before.
Sherlock would think him
“Get your coat.” He said sharply, pulling himself to his feet.
Mmmmmmm. Mmmmmmm. Mmmmmmm. Mmmmmmm. Mmmmmmm. Mmmmmmm. Mmmmmmm. Mmmmmmm.
He screamed until his throat was so raw it
He threw the cheap envelope across the room, and he meant for it to hit the wall, meant for it to make a sound that would ease the hammering of his heart, but it slowed halfway, the force behind it disappearing as it drifted to the ground, and
"My- for gods sake! How many times have I told you, you can't just go through police records using
Mrs Hudson and John made him tea.
He looked down at the paper in his hands.
"This came for you, John."
It was innocuous enough.
John met his narrow-eyed stare defiantly, defensively.
The fire licked at her face and roared in her ears, and there was that terrifying moment when a lock of hair whipped in front of her face and she realized her hair reached her elbows
and it wouldn't stop buzzing every single time there was a new reply.
