“No, come on, you know how that works…” He raised an eyebrow as a non-verbal berating and Sherlock seemed to see it for the threat it was.
He glared at the notebook pointedly for a moment, before sitting upright and folding his arms, they'd taken his shit jacket before they'd locked him in the cell. It just felt odd without it. He settled for shoving his hands into his trouser pockets instead.
He pushed his chair back and turned to face his kneeling sub, “take my shoes off, pet. Start rubbing my feet.” He needed to distract his sub without the sexual aspect of their relationship being part of it. They couldn't do that at work.
"He is the baby brother. What did you expect?" Even as Greg said it, he expected John to try for the back of his head again and dodged. "You haven't let it go completely, you do realise that? You still want to Dom me." He gave the doctor a lopsided grin.
The DI just laughed. “You think I was wrong to tell him about the baby?” He was watching as the girls were completely out of sight in their hole, just the occasional pile of sand came up and over the edge.
Sherlock stood there awkwardly for a moment and then smiled sheepishly once he had been let go. Greg was watching the pair of them with an admiring smirk on his face, the detective just poked his tongue out at him.
“Yes, sir. Put them in the van,” he amended his order. “Take them both to New Scotland Yard and be on call in the morning to remove this one to my facility. You all know the one I mean.”
The doctor gripped Sherlock by the curls and pulled tightly. He could tell that his boy had almost reached subspace. It wouldn't take much to push him over the edge, leaving him with a soft, compliant boy.
Both the Holmeses looked up when Sherlock was ushered back into the small room. He looked like he had been gut punched, but there was a great amount of anger showing as well.
Mrs. Hudson lowered herself into the seat and waited for Siger to settle beside her before she spoke.
The lack of responsiveness on Sherlock's part had started to get to the Dom. John grasped his boy's hands in his and looked him in the eyes. "I'm starting to feel like what I'm doing is unwelcome. If you want me to stop, tell me now."
“Neither of us expected Sherlock to become the father that he so obviously is with Finn. I daresay I'm proud of him. Of course, I would deny ever saying such a thing,” Mycroft said.
“I’m good here, thank you, John. Plenty of work I can do,” he smirked up at the younger man, well aware his brother was about to be in all sorts of trouble.
Mycroft was just as annoyed with his brother as the two Doms were. He came back with a particularly restrictive set of cuffs and handed them to Greg who in turn handed them to John.
“Leave your hands behind your head. You will not like this. It will not be pleasant, but go along with it and it will all be over quicker.”
"We hadn't planned any possible punishments, Sherlock, this was a holiday! If two enemas isn't enough I don't know what will be."
“I had a Dom in Oxford. He had a habit of punishing me for things he did wrong. Afterwards he would just leave me alone.” Sherlock didn’t sound upset about it. He sounded bitter, but not upset. He had got used to it after all, it had gone on for 2 years.
“I'll just tie you down, boy.” He put a hand on Sherlock's chest and pushed him back. The younger man went back without resistance. “Lay still.” He quickly returned his ankles to the spot they'd been tied to moments before. The only difference now being he was naked bar his cuffs and collar.
The boy sighed and closed his eyes, the bitch was right and that was precisely why he needed out of this dump. He didn't know where he would go, but anywhere had to be better than here, better then being anywhere near her and better than the annoying whining tone of voice that was ever present when this Dom was around.
Sherlock dropped to his knees with a thud. His thoughts did keep straying away from the tally. As if the last one hadn’t been big enough, here he was dragging it out.
“I don’t want it!” Sherlock growled as he pulled his head away from the piece of pear. John held it out patiently. “I told you you’d eat what I give you.”
Despite his previous warning, John cut him off anyway. “Don’t even try it… I found him about to…” he glanced over his shoulder who had settled into the warm seat John had vacated. “Rape him,” he finished, he had been trying to ignore what had been about to happen before he had charged in but he had to accept it sooner or later because he would need to help his sub to come to terms with it.
Casually, Eurus drained her wine glass again, set it aside and stood. She walked over and lifted her arm to rest her hand on Sherlock's hip. "You're trembling, little big brother. How interesting."
He heard Mrs. Hudson's heels on the wooden floorboards and crept down the first flight of stairs, making sure to pick his feet up so they wouldn't be heard.
Now, the boy looked up at him. “Can I, sir?” He hadn't been down there in so long, he hadn't forgotten about it, per se, but he had expected it not to get used at all.
"You're sure?" Sherlock asked, staying where he was knelt as John walked away. The detective didn't wait for a response, just ran straight down the stairs.
When every drop had been delivered, the Dom removed the nozzle and replaced it with a plug. "We'll just give that time to get your full attention, then see if you feel like behaving."
The gag John picked out was large and dildo shaped, made of a firmer material than most. It would be less forgiving that the one they had used on him before.
He moved stealthily through the different rooms and their connecting corridors until he found storage room 8. He needed to get closer to the blue box so he could get inside. The trouble was, the room was massive. He had no idea where they were going to put it, he'd have to wait and watch.
Sherlock paused for a moment, looking around as if for inspiration, but eventually he realised he wouldn’t get anywhere so dropped to his knees. “I am not eating out of your hand like a dog,” he growled to show his annoyance in another way.
As Sherlock ran, watching the floor disappear beneath him on his phone, he couldn’t believe how ingenious this plan was. He didn’t mind running, but doing it because he had upset his Dom put a spin on it that he couldn’t quite get his head around. It made every step feel that bit heavier, but in another light, every step was closer to John, to his forgiveness; therefore making it lighter in comparison to the previous one.
He was annoyed that he had drifted off with his pet, even if he hadn’t had a choice. He was also still in his suit, well what was left of it. His jacket and tie were over the bench where they had been discarded during some point of the previous evening.
It was done through possession and protection but Sherlock didn't care, even that in itself was more than he could have hoped for so far today. Besides, it let him know that John did still think of him as his.
The Superintendent had a concerned look on his face. He knew neither John nor Sherlock would be worth anything without one another.
John reached over and clipped the detective on the back of the head. "Be quiet, trouble, or I'll tie you down again."
"Let's play a game with his cock," Greg suggested fetching some rope, "I'm bored of his bollocks being pain free."
Sherlock felt the dildo push deep inside him, his hole accommodating it without much resistance. He saw stars as it brushed his prostate and his head fell back. It felt like the sound inside his cock was getting larger as his dick tried to respond to the sensation.
"You are becoming a bit of a liability. Do you need to swap places with him?" He jerked his head in Mycroft's direction.
Sherlock rolled over and grabbed the pillow, wrapping his arms around it. John smiled. His sub always grabbed one of the pillows during play or punishment. He couldn’t work out if it was a comfort thing or habit, probably both, he concluded.
"We shall see about that." Irene, drawn as always to Sherlock, walked over to him and cupped his cheek.
Before Mycroft could respond, he was pulled to his feet, uncuffed and thrown against one of the crosses. Soon they had both been stripped of their clothes and strapped to it, hand and foot. Sherlock received the same treatment, then the guards left.
“How did you find this?” The DI asked. He doubted he'd noticed anything Sherlock hadn't, but for now he was willing just to know where exactly it had come from so he could have his men scope the place out.
That caught the little boy's attention. "You're gonna get mawwied?" He started bouncing in his chair, excited. "Can I tell Mrs. Hudson?"
John let out a heavy sigh. "That's something, at least." He hooked his arm through Greg's and they started walking.
He took his leash and clipped it to the bench, then used his cuffs to attach his feet to the bench legs.
“You know, I don’t have to give you half now. I could give you the full 74 and however many you are no doubt going to add throughout the day, tonight at 7.”
They left a damp trail all the way to the playroom where the blond sat his boy on a nearby bench. He didn't restrain him there, but arranged him with his legs spread and his arms at his sides.
Mycroft scampered over to the table and fetched the riding crop, the he rushed back and handed it to John. In almost no time, he had knelt back in front of his Dom and was eyeing Greg's cock eagerly.
"Fuck." John kicked at the water then turned from watching Sherlock's fading form to face Greg and Mycroft. "Somebody explain what's going on in his head, because I certainly don't understand it."
“Thanks,” he muttered, turning to route through his pockets in search of his phone. He had it earlier, he had been watching his sub run on it, after all. After going through each pocket in turn he tried again before looking over to catch gazes with a concerned Greg.
"Watch it, mate," Greg called back. "If you give him too much of that stuff he'll be bouncing off the roof."
Sherlock had his eyes shut where he knelt, John nudged him with his knee, trying to get his attention. He didn't expect the response that he got.
With the simple command, John moved to shut the door and lock it in case Sherlock decided to make a run for it again.
The doctor ran his hands through the brat's curls, soothing not only the sleeping sub but himself. He hadn't said anything that he hadn't been expecting. But there hadn't been an apology for running off, nor an explanation. He was beginning to wonder how he should go about getting that information out of the younger man. Not that it actually mattered, he seemed to have accepted the new dynamic and for now that was enough.
John found the lube from the unit and began to ease the tip of his finger into his hole. The younger man whimpered beneath him, gripping onto the pillow for all it was worth.
She smiled, liking this doctor immediately. He was kind of soft and… fuzzy, dare she think it? But she could also sense the stern determination just below the surface that Sherlock no doubt aggravated all the time, and apparently right now too. “Making him run.”
The sub didn't answer with his eyes still shut, making the Dom pause and look over him properly. "That was a question, pet," he prompted levelly.
"Not a chance, brat," he continued stroking himself, ignoring the look on his sub's face. John continued to stroke himself. Without conscious thought, he fell into the same rhythm as the fucking machine.
With a huff, Sherlock wandered into the toilet and closed the door, rather surprised she hadn't followed him in and completely taken away all his dignity. He didn't know if it was his submissive instinct that had been awoken by his time with John, or the fact he wanted to be as far from her as he could get that made him obey her.
When Greg removed it, he stroked his pet's cock until it was nice and hard, then he gave it a slap, causing Mycroft to wince.
John sat back on the bed and dragged Sherlock by the collar to lay across his lap. The boy whimpered, expecting something more, that bit of help he usually got to stop that burn. John hadn’t done the usual comfort that soothing cream on his red hot ass would offer. Sherlock would need to feel it all day and he deserved to. Deep down, the brat knew that as well.
The Superintendent steadied him as he fell to the floor. "Let's get his feet cuffed together," he said as he held Sherlock down.
John's grip on his boy's damp curls tightened. His sub had such a talented mouth. He'd have to pull him off his cock soon or he would come before he was ready.
John got to his feet and walked around the table. He pulled Sherlock up to his own and brought his hands around behind him, joining the cuffs there.
“Yes, I have a Dom,” the sub said after a moment. He was thinking that the irritating woman was playing dumb rather than being genuinely so, surely no one could be that stupid? In this instance, he snorted at the thought. Maybe she could, he made himself laugh.
Mycroft managed to chew and swallow his chips, then licked his lips. "I rather enjoyed the method of delivery." He smiled at Greg, then dropped his eyes to his Dom's fingers.
“I like him, I just think he only likes me because I was the reason he met my brother. Not really the same, is it?”
Mycroft cupped his brother's cheek. "It is not your job to decide what does and does not upset your Dom. That's his decision. It's also not down to you to predict the future. You didn't know you were going to hurt yourself doing your job. You didn't know you'd bump into Miss Adler and you didn't know how she would react. Stop worrying about things you have no control over.
In his dazed confused state at such a sudden turn in events John managed to cuff the copper around a pole and then to his mate.
Sherlock coughed slightly when Mycroft tugged the collar of his shirt. "Know there's a dungeon waiting for you."
Out in the hall, John considered his next move. He didn't want to tie Greg up. If something went wrong, he'd need to be able to count on him in an emergency. He walked back into the sitting room, more than pleased to see Greg still knelt up straight in the corner. "Come over here, boy," he ordered collapsing on the sofa.
Sherlock closed his eyes, remaining on top of his temper, he had to, he knew this would happen. It always happened. "Of course, mistress."
“And what would you do once you had got it off?” John asked, watching carefully. The sub didn’t flinch or jerk in surprise which meant he was more than aware he was scrutinizing him. He just didn’t care. John smiled.
Cautiously, the sub moved to do what he was told and John sat back on the sofa, wondering how much further he would have to take this.
John let out a sigh. "Alright. I won't force you to sleep, but you will get into bed with me and I'll read to you."
Across the room, Mycroft winced in pain and Sherlock looked up to see his older brother being held upright by his Dom's fist in his hair.
Sherlock closed his eyes, he needed to try and enjoy this. He needed to find subspace, he was sure if he deliberately evaded it John would punish him. And truthfully, there was no reason to avoid it, if subspace was where John wanted him, he shouldn't fight it. He was safe in subspace with John around.
John didn’t have the heart to chide them. The day had been stressful with the trial even though it had had the best possible outcome. If he was honest, he was surprised that it had taken Sherlock as long as it had to fidget.
“You wish, brat.” He smiled just as the clouds above them opened. They were soaked within minutes and half a mile from the mansion.
When John slowly removed the plug, only the tiniest trickle oozed out before the sub clenched his hole tight. Sherlock's breathing sped up with the effort and his muscles trembled.
10 minutes later saw Sherlock trembling, with no shirt on, as he sat on the edge of a chair, ready to bolt at any moment. John continued to examine him whilst Mycroft had insisted on remaining with his little brother as his men dealt with Wilkes. Once the detective had caught hold of Mycroft’s hand, he had refused to let go, the British Government didn’t mind even as Greg stood behind him with his own hands resting on his shoulders. They were there for comfort but also to keep him from dropping, the action wasn’t working. The more Sherlock whimpered and pulled away in fear or pain, the closer to Panic Mycroft was getting. It wasn’t long until Greg’s sub had pulled his hand free from his brother and moved to the nearest item of furniture, launching it across the room. Neither Dom was mad, it was just a form in which Panic liked to present itself. Sometimes there was quite worried behaviour, others there were uncharacteristic traits like anger. Sherlock cowered back in fear and John knew he needed to deal with one Holmes to get anywhere with the other, even if his trust in himself wasn’t great right now.
The driver obeyed immediately. John removed his seatbelt and climbed over the seat to reach into the boot. He pulled out a leash and a gag.
“Your arms are dropping,” John pointed out casually. It was nearly half an hour later, John was sat at the table tapping away at the keyboard of his laptop, keeping only a side glance on his sub.
"He shouldn't laugh. I like your hair." Eurus wrapped a curl around her finger, then she tugged it, Sherlock had been expecting it so he didn't fight. "You're in a submissive mood, little big brother."
"On what exactly?" John took the time to pace around his kneeing sub. He was still unsure if letting him run free reign around the manor was a good idea, he was sure at some point the boy would find trouble, he had a habit of it after all.
He brought it down sharply on Sherlock's sit spot, the boy leant forward trying to temper the blow but he couldn't do it enough to make a difference.
“If this is what he’s like during, the difference between before and after is going to be massive. Even this morning he was… I don’t know… put it this way when I knew you weren’t there I felt like waiting until you were because I thought as soon as he saw me he would be out of the door. But I invited him to come along and the first thing he said was ‘My Dom’s out’.”
“I told you to keep count.” John sounded unimpressed, but also slightly amused at Sherlock’s honesty.
Greg crouched down on his haunches beside him and grabbed his wrists. Then he pulled them upwards, pressing Mycroft more to the floor.
John laughed softly and added a second finger to his boy's hole, causing him to groan. "You love this even though nothing can come of it, don't you?"
“You have enough length in the leash to reach the buzzer for my room. Use it and I will be here within a few minutes. Whatever the reason “
The detective was quite clearly enjoying the opportunity to spread his legs without the guilt of leaving John behind weighing him down. He knew it would probably sound stupid if said out loud but he would swear blindly that running without John's knowledge/permission slowed him down. And what was more, it was far better running with the Dom, not running up and down Baker Street because of him.
If they had done this a few hours before, John doubted his boy would have been able to feel it because of his new meal chair.
Sherlock lasted a very long time before John saw him begin to cooperate. Ever so slowly, his hands moved and his fingers locked together behind his head. The Dom moved to remove the boy’s shoes again but all he did was kick out. However, with one sharp, “no!” the lad stilled.
“Something Finn wants to tell us?” Mycroft sounded confused. “What on Earth are you going on about?”
Mycroft acknowledged the Dom's statement with a sigh that came out as a puff around the gag. He hadn't set out to make Greg angry, but it seemed he was quite skilled at it.
If John was going to be out of the way for an hour, it would give him plenty of time to put his plan into action. He went to his room and found some clothes before heading up to the attic. He wasn’t 100% sure, but he thought he had seen a window in the attic, even if it was the playroom. He was breaking John’s rules by attempting to get out as it was, going in the playroom despite John’s specific instructions was the least of his worries.
Eurus jerked his head back up. "Look. Mycroft is being entertaining. I picked the wrong brother. On your feet," Eurus hissed at him. She snapped her fingers and a collar with a leash attached was placed in her hand. She locked it around Sherlock's throat and began to drag him towards their brother.
Moriarty paced passed the kneeling boy and fell to the small bunk shaped structure at the other side of the van.
"Shut it," John hissed. "Not only did you blow up your mini lab, you defied me to do it. Mycroft would you fetch me something you know your brother would not like?"
It took a few moments for Sherlock to follow. His gaze sought out Greg as he walked, still stunned by what John had said. Greg was so distracted by the government official that he didn’t see Sherlock watching him from afar.
“Good. Now your reaction just then meant you want to keep my collar. I promised you on day one I would not remove this collar unless you safe worded. I will stick to my promise, of course I will, I wouldn't lie to you, but you know by now, not all subs are ready to leave by 3 months. So I'll leave you to think about that.”
"Yeah." He settled back in his armchair. "What could I possibly do right now? Those things aren't even nearby."
They weren’t in the skies of London very long - after a rather dubious jump across a side street between the roofs – Sherlock began to scramble down the other side of the most recent building, not waiting for John to join him on the ground, he raced out into the nearest street and this time had correctly pin pointed the interception point. He collided into the front of the cab they had been chasing, only the fact that the cab was going so slowly stopped John from shouting at his sub in such a public location.
"Well, if you need an excuse, dear, I'll be able to help look after Finn," Mrs. Hudson said with an exasperated air.
They had remained in the playroom for a few hours, Sherlock remaining within touching distance of the Dom and John never let go of his leash the whole time. He hadn’t actually complained about the fact he seemed to be grounded – like a child, anything was better than the paddle after all, even being treated like a 10 year old.
Sherlock looked back and forth between the two men. He leaned over and whispered to John, "I don't want a spanking tonight." He blushed furiously. John tried to imagine what Sherlock was about to ask for that had turned him so pink. "I just want to cuddle and then have you fuck me long and slow."
Mycroft pushed his pants down and stepped out of them, then he joined Greg under the hot water and into his embrace.
Sherlock flinched as he felt the dildo withdraw before thrusting into him again. He was glad John had thought to gag him because without it he was sure to have bitten down in surprise. Sherlock was sure that when he had come back down to earth he world be interested to see how a moving dildo was wired up... In a glass plug, it was all visible and a little bit nerve-wracking.
Sherlock followed John up the stairs. He flinched when they approached the Dom’s bedroom, it seemed involuntary and John squeezed his hand reassuringly.
Greg looked towards one of the monitors. "I think mine may be stirring. I'd better check." He slipped out of the room without a backward glance, but called out, "Yell if you need me, John."
Sherlock nodded once, jerkily. “That man, Moriarty. He had all of this planned. He knew I'd escape. This is about you, not me.”
"Finn, it's time for us to go," John said quietly, crossing over where the boy and Sherlock sat. He picked Finn up effortlessly, then dropped a kiss on Sherlock’s temple. "We'll be waiting on you."
“Not another word without permission, Sherlock. Or you'll be headed for punishment. That cage has come off your pretty little cock, but I can just as easily replace it and your favourite chair, how does that sound?”
“What?” John straightened up immediately, his hands balling into fists. Before Greg realised what had happened he had taken off towards CID.
Of course, John had heard all that, but he’d chosen that time to make himself known. He’d been unsure how far his sub would go, but he couldn’t listen to it anymore.
John settled himself up against the headboard with a couple of cushions and within seconds the detective's head was buried in his lap, rubbing his face into his trousers.
“I still let you down and I’m sorry. I think you deserve a reward.” Nothing could compete with what he deserved, but they had to start somewhere.
“Really, sir?” his sub’s expression lit up at that and John couldn’t believe what he was seeing. Did he want to be spanked? He daren’t push it, he thought, as he took a seat and patted his thigh. The sub laid himself over his lap and shifted so the pale flesh of his backside was in the perfect position for the Dom to lay down his hand. The doctor didn’t miss his hands creeping to the pillow and wrapping around them tightly.
She turned back to Eurus. "Absolutely. Just let me get the other plug into Mycroft." Irene filled the second plug with ice and, after stretching him with lubed fingers, worked it into him. "Now that's done, we can let the boys enjoy some time together."
He hunted for what felt like hours, struggling to work out if he was getting more frustrated the longer it took to find his sub, or less frustrated.
He hadn’t bothered to let Sherlock know he was home. He was usually busy and now he was sure that he wouldn’t even think of entering somewhere he wasn’t allowed. He knew that Sherlock was intelligent… he was a genius, but he could be daft. He did daft better than anyone he knew, but since the incident with being caught in John’s room, Sherlock had avoided that part of the corridor completely, it was actually quite comical.
If anyone had seen him; if John had seen him, he'd have thought him mad. Grinning like he was at the gun.
"You're family. Of course I'm here." The DI did feel like Sherlock was family and he cared about him very much. It had never occurred to him not to offer his support with his presence. “And anyway, someone has to drive.”
The government official was watching the DI, he didn’t get to see this protective streak very often and it was rather arousing, despite the situation. “No, I wouldn’t. I wouldn’t even like to know what he would do to me if I did. So would you like to know where you went wrong?” he asked, not waiting for an answer. He pointed at his brother. “Him.” It would always be him.
, it was for a case, John wouldn’t be bothered about that. One last check over his shoulder confirmed they were still arguing. It wouldn’t take him long anyway. 5 minutes driving distance around the area would be the same as 5 minutes walking distance in central London.
After a few more moments Greg and Mycroft made a point to talk amongst themselves as John reached out and grabbed Sherlock's hand. "I haven't seen you this relaxed and compliant since just after the Spears case. Don't let Mycroft bring you down."
The sub was breathing heavily after the examination of the doctor's fingers over his arse, the throbbing must have been aggrevated by the Dom after all.
John reached over and touched the cuffs together. The detective wasn't surprised and he didn't complain, this was the way things were at the moment. The Dom just didn't trust him as much as he had a week ago. He'd explained that it would take a while, but hoped they'd get there once again. He couldn't really blame him, the sub had been stupid and naive.
The guard flinched, then set to work. He checked his stance and began cropping Mycroft, starting at his shoulders and moving downwards.
Rather than be angry, the doctor smirked. Sherlock would hate being milked with a sound in, but it would still happen. He wasn't about to mention that little detail to the lad, he would fight and resist as soon as he knew. John wanted this meal to be as painless as possible.
After a few hours of playing chess, John took him downstairs into the basement. Not many houses had basements anymore, but he had specifically wanted one. He led the detective inside by the hand and smiled at the gape of a reaction. Sherlock’s mouth preformed the perfect ‘o’ as he took in his surroundings. It was basically a lab, a few work benches, a Bunsen burner and some dishes.
He really should have tried to sleep himself, but Mycroft felt the need to watch over Sherlock. He knew the thought was absurd, the only thing he could protect his brother from was nightmares, but he would at least do that much and wake him if he appeared to be slipping into one.
Greg grabbed his sub by the hair and yanked his head back at an uncomfortable angle with the way he was gagged. "Problem, brat?
“Please, sir. May I go to the toilet?” his voice had been soft and quiet, two things the Dom doubted Sherlock's voice had ever been before. Meek would have been a word he might have used, but that suggested it would happen again in the near future.
“I don’t want to fucking calm down,” he spat. His hands went to the hook and he begun tugging on it but he was just making himself cough. John touched the box again and his hands snapped around behind him.
Enjoying the texture, John ran his fingers through Greg's hair. It was so different to Sherlock's, a bit wiry and thick. "Too much responsibility sometimes, isn't there?"
The Superintendent shortly had Mycroft on his feet and thrown into the nearest wall. "Give me your hands," he ordered sharply.
It pleased Mycroft to no end that Finn did that with such careless abandon. The little boy was probably the only person besides his parents and the people in this room who didn't see him as the Ice Man. Finn just thought of him as his uncle. He didn't know that 'other man' and Mycroft vowed that he never would.
"Right now, I'd really like to fly away, but I know that idea is out," Sherlock said, craning his neck to look around. "Damn." He thumped his thigh with his fist. "I don't like this."
And if Sherlock woke up in a struggling huffing mess, his plan to remove it would go out the window with his patience.
Slipping out the front door, he counted down inside his head until the powerful stink bomb he had prepared went off innocently hidden in an experiment. Hearing the cry of disgust from downstairs, he dashed away down the street only to stop when he walked through one of the things. The now-familiar sensation still made him shudder. He ground to a halt and followed the thing for a short distance. He wanted to examine it. He hadn't been able to get near the things the last few days because John wouldn't allow it.
“Come on then.” He began copying the details into his phone. “I'll trace him with this, it's a little more lightweight.”
The following morning Finn was fast asleep on the bed between both John and Sherlock. The detective woke first, or so he thought.
The duty sergeant had shut the cell door behind him, without a word and Sherlock had collapsed sideways on the uncomfortably solid bunk.
Sherlock paused, realising just how normal such a conversation was. The only person he had really spoken to recently was his Dom and half of those words were reprimands because he'd done something wrong. It was different talking to someone on his level, who he didn't have to show respect to. It was different with Mycroft, he seemed to act like his Dom as well as his brother. But even so, he had managed to refrain himself from rude or degrading comments, that must have been John's influence. And the simple fact that he knew if he upset Miss Adler's submissive his cock would be trapped forever.
"I don't think she liked the fact her trip here was cut short a few weeks ago," Sherlock looked around the room, this was where John had brought him afterward. When he'd messed up the first time.
It had taken a few days but Sherlock had begun to open up to him before, explaining about some things Victor had done. He had even discussed his violin and why it meant so much to him. Not answering the Dom’s questions had led to Wilkes gaining access to his property and doing far to his boy.
"Ta, John." Greg took the cage in his free hand and kept stroking Mycroft's cock. "But I think I'm going to need to use ice to get matters under control if I'm going to get this on him."
John sat at the place where the food was set and tugged the leash, clearly intending on making the sub kneel beside the chair.
Sherlock winced as he realised what he had just done. If he hadn’t been feeling guilty after being tied to the table, he definitely was now. He fell silent, his head dropping. He had never done such a thing to a Dom like that before. He did have some sense of self-preservation, at least when it came to being locked in a house with the same man he had shouted at. The closest he had come to that sort of attitude hadn’t had a great reaction. In a way, he realised he must have trusted his Dom already, enough for there to be no physical retribution immediately.
The sub bit his lip to try and stop, but it didn't really work. Suddenly, he couldn't take it anymore. Despite being cuffed, he leapt to his feet and ran towards the door. He needed to find a place to hide where he could wallow in his shame and self pity.
He’d give him a bit longer to stew in his own juices. If he didn't start up again, he might go see him in person until then...
He slowed if only slightly, he took the opportunity to plan his route further but as they raced out of one back street the cab had already gone passed the cut-off point that had been in his Mind Palace.
He closed the door and locked it. When he turned around, it was to find Sherlock lost somewhere in thought. He jerked as the Dom spoke, but made no other move to run or hide. Sherlock’s head was now low, and he was no longer full of that raw anger and rebellion - for now.
Sherlock managed to stop himself ducking out of it. If their sister even thought about cutting his hair, Sherlock would show her a fight like she hadn't seen from him yet. John liked his curls and he wouldn't be going home without them.
Sherlock took the boy by the hand and lead him, protesting, to the stairs to the spare room. He sat him on the bottom step. "You have to sit there for three minutes quietly. If you talk or make noise, I'll start the time over."
When Sherlock began to shift on his knees, slightly, but enough to know that he wasn’t thinking about the events of the morning anymore, John knew he would have to distract the younger man. He glanced at the detective, then at his watch. No wonder he was hungry, it had gone 2 o’clock. He wondered if Sherlock was hungry, but he doubted he would get a constructive answer if he asked the question. He may have been restless, but he was still under. The bleary eyes and the drowsy movements were proof of that.
Sherlock’s head shot over his shoulder so fast the momentum span him over, making him land on his arse. By the time his senses came back to him, John was sat in one of the chairs at the edge of the room.
John helped him with his shoes and socks and then pulled him back to his feet by the hand, before picking him up in a hug and spinning him around in strong arms. “Come on then.” He led the dopey man to the door, these days it really didn’t take much to put the younger man under, not much at all.
Sherlock couldn’t help but smirk at his retreating Dom and reflected on the situation, he was tied to the bed, but he hadn’t been abandoned and left on his own at the end of a beating and this Dom hadn’t over-exaggerated the punishment and allowed him to seek comfort afterwards that he didn’t realise he needed. This might not be so bad after all.
"Hm? Mistress. Of course. I think it would be fitting."  Irene reached out to rest her hand on Eurus' arm, but the youngest Holmes snatched it away.
Irene pointed at another guard. "I'll show you how a proper cropping is done." When the guard stepped over, she made sure he had the proper stance. After he struck a blow, she corrected his form. When she was satisfied, she stepped back. "Show Eurus what you've leant."
That was what John needed to see; an apology that wasn’t forced or on the other end of a threat or punishment. The ones that came with no provocation were the apologies that meant the most.
The Superintendent sat, then patted his lap. Mycroft followed the silent order and sat there. Greg picked up his fork and started feeding him. Neither of them missed the way Sherlock was knelt but they both silently agreed that John would deal with it.
Releasing his grip, Greg patted his boy on the cheek. "Good. Eat your chips." He dropped his left hand to his boy's thigh.
The Dom held his arms out and it didn’t take long for Sherlock to bury his sweaty self in his chest, wrapping his arms around him snugly. “I'm sorry, sir. I'm really sorry. I shouldn’t have run off, sir.”
John held the cup to his boy's lips again and the detective drank. He needed the caffeine jolt, especially since his Dom had forbidden him using nicotine patches.
At that, Sherlock flinched. He needed to be good. For Mycroft. He wished he could see his brother better, but the position they had him in made it impossible. All he could do was go still and hope not to anger the two women further.
"Yes, sir. Absolutely, I promise, sir." Greg held his breath hoping he wasn't about to find himself sent to a corner or worse.
"We should use my brothers as decor. You could make lovely sculptures out of them with rope, and we could enjoy a candlelight dinner with them in the background." Eurus danced and twirled around Irene. "Would you do that for me?"
“Boy!” John wasn’t impressed with the sudden attitude the younger man was presenting. “We were discussing your previous punishments.”
The doctor’s head jerked up to see the DI running across the room, the door slamming back into the wall in his wake.
Not wanting to be in any further trouble, the boy nodded quickly, pressing his head into the floor harder.
"Sir, please no, it would drive me mad." As soon as Mycroft had said it, he knew he had made a mistake, Greg's grin had doubled in size.
DO NOT start telling me this is unfair, abusive, wrong or any of that shit, it is what I AM WRITING. If you want to write 120000 words on the same fic YOU can choose how you want it to go.
Sherlock frowned, his expression one of serious confusion, why did he have these sudden feelings? No not feelings, cravings. “Can I, sir?” he asked, trying his luck.
Sherlock couldn’t help but find John intriguing, even though he knew whatever happened next wouldn’t be good for him and even if he did have an incredibly stern Captain Dom voice.
But Eurus walked back in, gathered up he gag and pushed it back into his mouth. Then she skipped from the room once more.
"Sherlock it was a week ago and you still haven't explained how the burglar did it. But that's beside the point. That's once you've not addressed me properly. So that's 3 strikes of the strap, you loved it so much last time."
Sherlock's head snapped up at that and his eyes went wide. The doctor cupped his cheek immediately, not liking the look he was receiving. “Hey, hey, Sherlock,” he snapped his fingers in front of him and with no response but a dopey blink, whispered, “bollocks.”
John perched on the edge of the bench and ran his hand through Sherlock's curls. "3 weeks ago. That's the way I want things. The way they were 3 weeks ago."
John’s heart clenched. Sherlock thought he was going to damage it just because he had messed up his opportunity this morning? He hastened to reassure the younger man. “I will not cause any damage to your violin. It is yours. I may have it at the moment, but that does not give me the right to destroy your property and especially something so precious. Even more so, the fact that the contract between us is only 3 months does not give me the right to do any damage to it. The same goes for your microscope.”
The government official didn't know about his brother, but his arse and thighs could certainly attest to his Dom's efforts. He stared ahead unseeing, paying attention to the heady sensation of the stinging, burning pain.
"Yup," Sherlock said, popping the P. He reached out and unzipped Finn's pyjamas and helped him out of them. The little boy swung his legs as Sherlock helped him on with his shirt and started buttoning it up.
Sherlock sighed, his thoughts abruptly turned back on the day ahead. He looked down when he felt Finn grasp his hand.
Before the Irishman could respond, the screeching of tires could be heard as Sherlock was almost thrown flat on his face if it wasn't for the chains holding him to the van floor. The van jerked to a stop, going up on the curb as it did so.
Sherlock flinched. "I was angry with him for years. We've settled our differences. I would never say such things to him now."
Sherlock didn't quite know how to react to that, just locked his knees so he wouldn't collapse to the shower floor. He felt like he should be the one on his knees for John. It was all so confusing and it shouldn't be. That's why he liked having John in charge. He didn't like having to think so much. Soon, however, his Dom drove all thought from his mind.
“It was you,” Sherlock continued, unfazed by the man, he was clearly a sub, after all, “not your passenger.” He feared that had this man been a Dom a simple command would have him doing whatever he wanted thanks to John's influence.
Mycroft then left the room and came back a few minutes later with a massive tub of ice cream and a dvd boxset.
"Excellent." John turned as Greg came back in the house, his arms fully loaded. "God, Greg, let me help with that." He rushed and took two bags from the Superintendent's hands.
“I know you are probably pissed off that you are still in the cage, but given the last few days, I’ve spent more time punishing you than anything else. We haven’t got around to you getting any release.”
Sherlock moaned, leaning into John as much as his restraints would allow. He wanted to be surrounded by his Dom, comforted, forgiven. He'd give anything to be able to beg.
John found the largest dildo they owned that could be used with the machine and attached it. He lubed it up, then he worked some lube into Sherlock's hole.
John wasn’t nearly as angry as Sherlock had calculated him to be. He just clipped the leash on his collar again and released the cuffs. Sherlock collapsed in a heap, unsure how long he had been holding himself up for. John apparently wasn’t in a forgiving mood though. He just yanked hard on the leash until Sherlock spun around onto his hands and knees.
“Before I prepare food, I have something for runaway subs that I use after a month of a contract starting. I know you don't like being tied to things, this is a compromise. One you won't like.”
John was sat in a cafe near Baker Street, contemplating what he was going to do with Sherlock. He knew the boy wasn't a murderer. Someone was setting him up, but who? And why? So many questions and he didn't even know where to start looking for answers. He shoved his hand in his pocket and pulled out his phone again. He scrolled through the calls list. He had phoned the elder Holmes 19 times with no response on each attempt. Mycroft never missed his calls. Not only was John a personal friend, but he was a Dom too, Mycroft had always respected that. Twice he had missed his calls in the past and he had phoned back straight away. It had been hours and nothing. What the bloody hell was he playing at?
As the staff dropped off the third set of tea, John leant forward to make it how they both liked it. When he settled back again, he realised something that should have been incredibly obvious before.
“You’ve got to start trusting me, pet,” John whispered, helping the boy to sit up beside him as he handed him his tea.
For John's part, he hadn't argued. He knew he would be in trouble for being so late back. As long as it didn't turn into an all night affair, he would take what he was due.
John brought the next 3 down in swift succession and watched with a strong level of pride as Sherlock carefully counted them off.
“I can formally suspend you here if you like? In front of the man you were in the middle of abusing and his Dom who will be more than willing to put a bullet in you when you are no longer a copper.”
John stepped out of the kitchen and fetched an armbinder then watched his sub from the door behind him.
Greg tilted his head in understanding and raised his hand towards his own sub. Mycroft caught the action and immediately dropped to his knees, his hands coming up behind his head, but kept tugging at his hair insistently. He needed a distraction, anything, to keep his mind off what he had let happen to Sherlock.
Deciding he was getting distracted by reminiscing, Sherlock shook his head and listened for John, but there was no sound coming from the other man which was a welcome relief.
“I’ve hardly stayed with you. I’ve been here a few hours, and this isn’t my choice… Mycroft forced me into it.”
The doctor held his hand out again. “I would not wind me up any more, boy, I’m hoping to get this out the way so we can have a nice evening together with your brother and his Dom.”
Sherlock didn’t know if he wanted the car to speed up or slow down. Both presented a problem. His left knee began bouncing uncontrollably. John rested his hand on Sherlock’s thigh, stilling him.
Sherlock was more than aware the last few minutes hadn’t helped his situation at all, so he did as he was told. It felt weird being in such scruffy clothes. He thought he was thin now - well John was always telling him he was - his jeans fit but the t-shirt was rather tight fitting.
He took his sub’s hand and encouraged him towards the door. He knew from past experience that Panic showed itself in many different forms, but as long as the boy wasn’t hurting himself John didn’t care which form it took. He just wanted Sherlock safe.
“Oh, Sherlock, dear.” Her relief was evident. “Aren’t you staying with your brother or that Dom he organised for you?”
Shaking his head softly, John removed both chains from the floor and used them as a leash to drag him to the horse.
John pulled the control plug free with a bit of leverage and then he moved Sherlock to lower him onto the chair. The dildo was already lubed and the boy's hole was loose enough from the plug to be a smooth yet stretched transition from one to the other.
He returned, but didn’t allow him to stand, just told him to shift onto it once he’d dropped the soft padding by his knees. Sherlock was further assured how this Dom’s temper worked. Even after the way he had just spoken to him, which even Sherlock knew was way out of order, he still fetched something that would give him an improved level of comfort
Mycroft seemed to have accepted his cock up and hadn't grumbled about being knelt while his little brother was on a comfy chair.
Moriarty got up and slid the back door open. Sherlock got a quick glimpse at New Scotland Yard across the road as another man climbed in.
“She wasn’t punishing you,” Siger saw instantly what he was thinking. “Nor did you deserve anything she did. Did she ever once put you on the ‘naughty’ step?”
"You will get your arse out of that cupboard, right now, young man and explain to me what is going on or you will be in serious trouble!"
And if it hadn’t been for Mycroft, Finn would have been taken into care, there was no way he had the juice to pull so many strings so quickly.
Sherlock knelt with a loud thunk as his knees hit the floor. He still didn't say anything, he couldn't, he was holding his breath.
“Being in charge doesn’t make me more or less of a person than you. It gives me more responsibility, yes. It doesn’t mean you can just disobey me. But obeying me comes with protection. My protection. You were not the only one who signed the contract and you may have done it under certain conditions with your brother, but I gave you a way out just this morning and you refused. You want to be here, pet, and you know deep down that I do not want to harm you in any way, hence the fact you have a safe word. How did you get out of the relationship?”
And this chapter is courtesy of sherlockian4evr, we made a pact, if she updated endure id give you guys this
“Sherlock. He set it up. His attitude at the club, it was a plan. A plan that has succeeded and he has gone.”
Sherlock’s grin was mirrored on the Dom’s face as he nodded his acceptance and hugged him back when his arms wrapped round him.
"Stop snivelling like a baby!" Greg snapped harshly. "Grow up. It is never our fault you need punishing Sherlock. If it was our fault you would not be being punished!"
He still didn’t move. The doctor watched him with fondness. “Oi, pet!” he tried again, determined on getting his sub outside for a bit. “Do you fancy a walk?”
Sherlock was incredibly quiet in the car, so much so that John slid across the soft leather of the seat and rested his hand on the younger man’s knee.
This chapter, despite its length of 2500 was incredibly difficult for me to write. I haven't wanted to but because of sherlockian4evr she convinced me I couldn't just leave it. The motivation I once felt for this fic has gone for reasons you guys are already aware and I only hope that it can come back.
Irene looked up in shock. She wasn't the only one. If the two kneeling men could look over to express their confusion they would have done.
Sherlock's head snapped up, his fury matching his brother. "Myc, what about John? Rosie... Greg? Eurus, let us go right now!"
“Sherlock, tell them what happened when we were on the beach when we were young. With the seagull and the tent.”
"The thing that always gets to me is how sometimes she repeats things over and over and other times she's completely original and random."
Sherlock was expecting John to step back but instead the doctor just hugged him again. “I've wanted to ask for a long time, babe, it was clear that day was a bit of a… mission. And recently, the time has never been right to remind you.”
Mycroft growled in annoyance. "So you don't want him to die, but you do want to play either. Make your bloody mind up, little sister!"
“Holmes!” a hand at the scruff of his neck dragged him back. A tight hand, tight enough to constrict his breathing if only slightly. “Rude and arrogant as ever.”
The detective got back to his knees and lowered his head, he would let Eurus lose her temper, he was glad he wasn't on the receiving end of it.
John didn’t know the Detective Inspector as well as he knew Mycroft, but knew him well enough to know that he liked privacy when Mycroft hit this area, many Doms did.
He began wrapping the rope around Sherlock's cock and bollocks in an intricate pattern. He had dropped the weight on the floor below his sub's head so he could see it and it wasn't much of a leap for Sherlock to work out where it was going.
Greg hauled Mycroft to his feet and glared absolute daggers at him as he shoved him out of the room.
Sherlock kept fighting until his Dom turned and smacked him on the arse three times, hard. "The longer you take to settle, the longer that stays inside you." John rolled his eyes when Sherlock stilled, but immediately began fighting again when he had turned himself around once more.
Much of Sherlock’s past when it came to relationships were an absolute disaster. Previous Doms just didn’t know how to control him, or they thought they did and it made Sherlock worse. One in particular, Victor, had gone out of his way to punish him for the smallest things. Most of the time they weren’t even Sherlock’s fault. So naturally he was cautious around punishment implements and the list he had available to be used on him because of such wasn’t overly extensive.
“What do you say, pet?” John asked, nudging him slightly when Sherlock didn’t respond. His glare clearly said ‘Don’t let me down’. He was secretly wondering how they knew each other. When there was a further 10 seconds with no sub greeting, John moved out of the way and clipped him on the back of the head. “Unlike you to be so shy.”
John had straightened up after finishing off playing with the fucking machine. He glanced over at Greg and barked out a laugh.
Irene drained her glass of wine and stood up, approaching the brothers. "Junior here always fascinated me. He acted to resentful of big brother, but he really just wanted his praise. I suppose they're the best of friends now." She grasped a handful of Sherlock's curls. "I want to see just how much you care about him."
Sherlock chuckled slightly at his Dom’s expression as well as what he had said. It sounded more like a hiccough, though, as tears caught in his throat.
Grrr! He kicked at the wall and sunk down it, his head in his hands. He was supposed to be good at this sort of thing, breaking and entering, it was sort of in the job description, but this plan of Mycroft’s, despite the fact he had indeed got out, was practically fool proof.
The last week had been odd to say the least, Sherlock has expected a beating, expected punishment beyond what John had said was going to happen, but the beating never came. The usual evening spanking was upped, like John had promised, and his arse smarted a bit, but he had been expecting so much more. Even now.
Once more, Sherlock obeyed. As John had been using his hand for the last couple of days, there was no redness to his cheeks at all. All he was presented with was nice pale flesh. He pinched him and Sherlock snorted. “Well, that was uncalled for, sir.”
Sherlock didn't move. He felt guilty enough, he couldn't stand the comfort John seemed willing to offer, not when he didn't deserve it.
Whilst the doctor buckled it in place, it pressed into the back of Mycroft's mouth, forcing him to concentrate on not gagging.
This time, the older sub swallowed around the lump in his throat, he could only imagine what that would have been like, even for a boy like Sherlock: hell. He shifted slightly to let one of the officers unlock the cuffs and pulled his mobile from his pocket. Worry dawned on his face, but he smothered it out and then smiled at his little brother, Sherlock needed him more right now. “It's alright. My men have him now.”
"Hello, gorgeous," Greg said as he reached out and pulled on the chains that hung from Sherlock's posture collar. He laughed at the hiss of pain the sub let out as the clamps tugged on his nipples.
"Because we are on holiday. A special holiday for this very thing. He's an arse and he knows it but he needs to be at my feet to understand it."
John swallowed hard. “Thanks for telling me, pet. It wasn’t as difficult as you thought it would be, though. Was it?”
“It's not suitable for you to be gagged continually, it's impractical in fact. Until I say otherwise, you'll ask me for permission to speak. You will also not give more than one word answers unless I specifically ask for it. More than one word answers gives you the opportunity to lie to me. I will not let that happen. Are you clear on that, boy?”
The detective knew he had fucked up royally. He wanted attention, yes, but not from an impersonal machine. He wanted John inside him!
He worried that Sherlock would struggle to get past this. Mycroft would probably feel betrayed when he came out of Panic, because that emotion was likely to have caused the episode in the first place. He was sure they’d fix things but he knew his pet would go the long way about it.
A slightly lower pitched beep and the alarm was off to be replaced by the sound of stomping on the stairs. How the doctor managed to stomp with a cane and slippers, Sherlock didn’t know, but the sound of the Dom heading towards him at such a casual pace wasn’t an exciting one.
Irene was breathing so hard that her chest heaved. "On your knees, Mycroft." She took a step towards him, but she had lost all power of intimidation she had ever had.
"And Mrs. Hudson can stand in as your mum. She's been more of a mother to you than that woman ever was." Siger smiled at Martha, hugging her around the waist with one arm.
Before he had a chance to go any further there was a massive alarm blaring, red light filling the room. He looked through the glass in the door in time to see soldiers running passed. He looked around quickly to see if anyone had noticed him. Deciding it was safe, he ran quietly after the soldiers, his coat flying out behind him.
John set about cleaning up the playroom, picking up things and rearranging the furniture and the shelves, the whole time he kept an eye on his kneeling submissive. He was trying to get into the stubborn sod's mind, but he was failing. Sherlock was too well guarded at the moment. That 50 feet tall wall protecting his head would drop eventually, John just knew he'd have to wear it down with what was looking like trust and acceptance. Just because that was the plan at the moment didn't mean John would not enforce his new rules, nor follow through with the methods of discipline Sherlock was aware of. And he was clearly aware as the boy didn't move. He certainly didn't reach for his dick again, but whether that was through obedience or just knowing he stood no chance, John couldn't guess.
Sherlock turned his nose up and thought about getting to his feet. "You've got my brother hanging from the ceiling. What the bloody hell were you expecting?"
Mycroft smiled softly, sadly, dropping to one knee beside his brother. "You should have told him, Lock, it's his job to look after you. You understand that, right?"
It wasn't until she started kicking him that he bagan to crawl. Even then he moved slowly, not wanting to give her too much satisfaction.
Some of this chapter's idea's came from a comment from ThatWeirdFangirl although not identical, and split in half the idea comes from them, so thank you!
He ran his hands through his curls first, messing them up a bit before his hands settled behind his back.
John helped Mycroft, Mrs. Hudson, and his father-in-law to carry in all the leftover stuff from the beach as Greg hurried the girls inside.
"Please," Sherlock begged, switching tactics. "We picked time with you over orgasms. Doesn't that mean something?"
"Nope." Finn reached out and plucked the lego piece he had been looking for out of the piles on the floor. Even as he put the lego piece in place, Finn let out a huge yawn that seemed to split his face in two.
On the verge of angry tears Sherlock dropped back to his knees. John smiled when his hands went back up behind his head without being ordered. Even so, the boy glared at the floor as if his violin was beneath it and he could burn a hole through it.
“Yes, sir. He’s always in control. You never see him open and, well, I haven’t seen him cry since we were kids and that was my fault.”
"Contain yourself, pet," John ordered softly, after he had dropped the 15th blow. Sherlock was sobbing quietly but made no move to seek comfort.
"Why not?" His eyes darted to Irene as he spoke. He'd never willingly submit to that woman or his sister either, though his actions might look like it at times. Inside, he would always be resisting.
Irene sighed and reclined in her chair. "When you break a man… their spirit is gone completely. His… his is just not giving a shit."
“Think very carefully before you lie to me, boy!” John barked as he watched the cogs in the younger man’s brain try and decipher his mood and come up with a valid excuse.
Sherlock obeyed, cautiously at first, but when he realised he wasn’t going to immediately shoot it down, he widened his steps and sunk to his knees in front of John’s chair without being told. The doctor’s hand immediately found the tangled curls and guided his head to his knee. “Good boy.”
Sherlock grumbled something as he had to move while John routed through his pocket to pull his phone out, the detective took it from him and turned it over.
Sherlock spun on his heel and stared back at him, some of his defiance choosing this moment for some reason to exert itself.
Sherlock was laid out face down on the bunk when John reached his cell. The boy wasn’t high, he was pissed off. It was clear anger was radiating through him.
“No! No, I like the kitchen in one piece. Without bits missing and black bits decorating unusual places."
He made a face when she pulled away. He couldn't think of the last time he had been so repulsed. That Irene had ever fascinated him was beyond his comprehension.
“Yes, sir.” He could hardly forget, it was a rather embarrassing memory. He couldn’t help but think many years in the future it would be more amusing than embarrassing.
He started scrolling through the recent activity to see if he could find out what his pet had been up to. Messages – he glanced up when he realised that his sub wasn’t paying attention to his berating… he was looking out of the window.
John saw where his gaze was and smiled. “Sorry Sherlock's not very chatty, but I would expect it is rather hard to speak with a bar of soap in one's mouth.”
Sherlock was left nearly an hour, chained to the wall like some sort of dog. He was so focused on chewing and destroying the gag in his mouth, he was shocked when John snapped the leash on and took him toward the stairs without a word.
John knew, even if Sherlock ignored it, they had made some progress so far that morning. He unattached the rope from the cage, but left it so it was still wrapped tightly around his fingers. “By coming here you’ve admitted you want help - need help. Why did you sign the contract?” he asked at the snarl on Sherlock’s face.
Greg couldn’t believe how his answer was so… well so normal, rather than snitty like he quite often was. They had always been… more than acquaintances, even before he had met Mycroft. In fact, he had met Mycroft because of the acquaintance, which was something he would forever be grateful for. He couldn’t work out why the detective’s behaviour was the way it was. Was it because he was a Dom and the younger man was finally learning some respect or was it because John had managed to teach him to be a well-mannered human being in general? It was an amazing transformation in just over 4 weeks. He would need to congratulate the Dom that was John Watson in the very near future.
Rolling his eyes, John bent over and threw Sherlock over his shoulder, he carried him all the way back to the sitting room. Sherlock was about to renew his struggling, the last thing he needed was to be dumped on the floor at Mycroft’s feet like some trussed up slave. But instead, John dumped him on his knees outside the door and poked his head into the living room, keeping one hand in the brat’s curls. Mycroft seemed content reading from a file.
John clocked him on the back of the head. "I didn't let you loose just to get yourself off. Get up."
They worked together until Sherlock had been tied from feet to the tops of his arms. The ropes kept him from moving, unless he wanted to thrash in an undignified fashion like a fish.
John then wrapped some hemp rope in a figure of 8 around the detective’s cock and bollocks and let the loose ends hang. He weighted the rope and the clamps, then pushed them both so they would sway. With the stimulation in his arse, the rope immediately did its job.
Kate didn't stand up like Sherlock had, but instead crawled until she was out of the room before getting to her feet.
He obeyed, but John knew it was because it was an order rather than because he wanted to and was waiting for permission.
Mycroft watched the younger sub for a long moment. Sherlock's logic was always all over the place and the majority of the time, it wasn't wrong. Some occasions he saw him and thought he was ready to leave the Dom, others it was clear why John had come to him talking about an extension to the contract.
"Our film will be back on soon," Greg noted. "I'm going to check on mine." He stepped down the hall and into the room where Mycroft was trussed up and suspended. "How are you doing pet?" Greg asked as he flipped on the lights.
Frowning, as he tried to work out what John could possibly want with his clothes, he nodded once. “Yes, sir.”
Now that he knew how this all worked he was bored. And he couldn't help but think that John was likely to follow him. His phone was still in his pocket, he hadn't taken it out after yesterday. The whole tracking thing did seem to come in handy. He couldn't find himself feeling guilty, though, and he knew he should be; it was the new way. “Still just chance.”
Mycrofts eyes widened in shock when he saw his brother, ignoring the Doms he got to his feet, "Sherlock, what happened, are you ok?"
Waggling his arse in pleasure, Sherlock opened his mouth and latched on. He didn't care that water was raining down on them. It didn't matter. All that mattered was John's cock and making his Dom happy. Well the water did matter. But not in a bad way. It somehow made the whole experience better, intense.
“It’s not. Your brother’s assistants packed your things, I believe, and you haven’t unpacked to know what you have, have you? Well, your microscope and violin were given to me by your brother. You’ll have to earn them.”
Mycroft stepped forward, one hand in his pocket, one clenched like he wanted to clock him around the jaw like John had a few minutes before. The knife was still to his throat as he spoke. “Power is power. Now get the pair of them out of my sight.”
"You can come back up when my brother and Greg arrive." The detective gave Finn a light push towards the door. "Now go."
John did his best not to let his amusement show, or his approval. Greg was really behaving quite well. He sat down behind the sub and opened the tube of lube that he had fetched, then squeezed a generous portion onto his fingers. Just because he had reached satisfaction didn't mean he couldn't pleasure Greg with his fingers. Of course, the sub would have to come untouched if he was to come at all.
Sherlock shifted to help the boy sit up but Finn flinched and rolled from the sofa, taking off at speed up the stairs.
Irene pressed her fingers into where it must have been aching but he did nothing to suggest he would respond.
“I’m sure mine can join yours. He had already deduced earlier that he would be on his knees tonight.” John inclined his head beside the seat and Sherlock sighed as the cushion was dropped, but he knelt without question.
The little boy threw his arms around him for one last hug. Sherlock had to gently remove Finn's arms from around him as John tried to take him. Sherlock straightened his jacket, then joined his father and Mycroft in following the barrister.
Resisting the urge to say thank you, it would be out of character for a Dom, John signalled the meal was over by moving the tray further away, then he dropped a kiss on Sherlock's forehead.
“Her case! Come on, where is her case? Did she eat it? Someone else was here and they too her case.” He zoned off and skipped down a few more steps, oddly glad they had had to ascend so many, it made his exit so much more dramatic. “So the killer must have driven her here; forgot the case was in the car…”
John sighed heavily. "Get undressed, Sherlock." He had had his sub get redressed again when he'd heard the others coming into the apartment.
Seeing as the conclusion he had come to was not the fact he was trying to get away but something different. He didn’t want to beat the idea out of him, he wanted to know what he was up to with his consent, not through pain or humiliation which is what he seemed used to. Too used to. That thought didn’t sit well with the blond. He released the tightness of the leash attached to the wall and the sub turned.
John grinned and ran his other hand down his face. "You can safeword, mate. Do, you can come and we can go and play with our boys."
“You think this is a game?!” John yelled in his sub's face, not caring who saw it. The brat deserved this. “Putting your life in danger to prove you're clever?”
"And then, I'll make you ask her politely for it in a few weeks." The Dom laughed. "I actually might do it anyway."
"Shut it!" The doctor slapped his sub, hard enough to stun him to silence. "You need to learn to behave." John grasped his cock again and started stroking it hard and fast. He was right on the edge. Close, so close. "Open," John ordered sharply.
“Don't tell me there is nothing you can do, either!” John snapped. “You're an Inspector! That means something.”
Mycroft sighed, tempted to resignation himself.It would have been easier to be strong if his one testicle hadn't been hurting so much. He tried shaking off the ball crusher, but it wasn't going anywhere. All he did was make it worse.
“Once again, we’re back on you believing being submissive is a weakness it’s not. It’s a way of life. You’re more suited to being a sub. There is no point you struggling in a position that doesn’t suit you. Which is why there is that sort of divide, pet. For me to be trusted and respected by you, I need to trust and respect you. That is how it works. You know, I sometimes wish I was a sub.”
She dragged him too fast for him to properly keep up and when they reached the governor's private rooms he was thrown to his knees beside his sister.
Sherlock’s head snapped up at that, his glare back in place. John was almost glad. He had almost forgotten what it was like. Even so, the cold was beginning to seep up his knees, because of being unclothed there was no barrier.
Finn sat kicking his feet while the man at the front of the court discussed the way things would go and then Mrs. Holmes was brought in. He didn't really pay any attention, though, until Sherlock was called as the first witness. When that happened, he climbed up on his knees, the better to see him as he came in.
"That's not what I want! I want to play. I want to play!!" She grabbed a nearby chair and threw it against the wall, breaking it.
Mycroft knelt immediately and the doctor thought his boy was going to argue, show the pair of them up even more than he had already managed, but he didn’t, he just inclined his head slightly in his direction, as if confirming that it was what his own Dom wanted. At his nod, Sherlock dropped to his knees beside his brother.
John glanced up as he placed the newspaper down that he had just finished with. Sherlock had taken a while to find the shoes. “Sherlock?”
John tipped his head on one side in understanding as his familiar maid stepped in. "Could we have 3 teas, biscuits and a glass of water please."
Sherlock shot his brother a glare. He thought about his Dom all the time as well, but he couldn't express that fact, not gagged as he was.
John waited for Sherlock to leave the room before he turned his attention to the older Holmes. He closed his eyes briefly, knowing there was no alternative. He knew Mycroft took the form of anger when he was in Panic, so it was something he wanted to avoid. “On your knees,” the Dom ordered, his tone stern.
"Should we leave you two alone for a bit?" Siger thought they might want some space to discuss things before Mycroft and Greg arrived. "We can take Finn downstairs with us to play."
“Because she seems to think you follow me home. Has she always been like that?” He didn’t mention what he had had Greg do to her, he didn’t want Sherlock to think he could deliberately provoke her in the future.
It was just in time because Finn and Sherlock returned to the table and sat down. The little boy had decided to get eggs after all. He was happy sitting on a booster between John and the detective. He felt almost as tall as John.
"Good morning, sis," he said, looking up at Eurus. "Did you have a lovely evening with your girlfriend?"
Sherlock had expected to be taking into the bedroom, but John just kept pulling him along towards the door.
The lift doors opened and they dragged John out of the Yard and towards the street where Greg's car was.
She nodded before retreating from the room. Whenever his staff were around John made a point to watch all submissives around them but most recently he watched Sherlock. This sub was completely indifferent to them, he had expected something far far different from the younger man. Right from the beginning it was clear he wasn't a people person, and the idea of more people being around, staff or not... well John thought he would act up around them, in subspace or not. He had been so reluctant to call them back, only his anger at the brat's previous stunt had caused him to do it.
John laughed, embarrassed. It wasn't like him to forget to eat. It was even less like him to forget their landlady was about. He had just got caught up in the moment. “Sherlock, Finn, that includes you too. Come have a seat. We have time to eat with Mrs. Hudson before we need to get ready.”
John exploded all over his Dom's hand and looked up, seeing the detective smiling softly down at him.
“Do you trust me enough to believe I will release you and not do something worse?” John heard the sub swallow hard. “If you don’t, don’t give them to me.”
“Nicely…” Sherlock trailed off after the one word and glanced back down to his hand. “I like it, sir,” he added not wanting it to be let go.
"Sorry, sir," the government official said quickly. It wasn't that he would mind the pinwheel. It was the fact his Dom would surely tease him with it, then not let him come.
"No!" John hissed down at him. "I pushed you down there for complaining like a child. You don't get to enjoy it."
There was a clear huff as Sherlock fought the cuffs for a while, despite knowing it was fruitless and then he laid down.
The blond sighed when Sherlock just absently flicked through them. He glanced at Mycroft who nodded once.
Sherlock tried to make himself smaller, as if that would make a difference. It didn’t. “All I have done here is move you over from your present position, your knees should be spread as if you were upright.”
John was also proud that he hadn’t been ignored by the detective, even though he hadn’t really presented much of an opportunity to be ignored by not asking him many questions.
Benjamin had his warrant card out in a flash. “I really don’t think that’s a good idea, mate. Put it down and walk away. I’ll say nothing of it to anyone, neither will Douglas.”
Greg pulled Sherlock into an embrace, rocking him back and forth. "You're trying too hard," he said into his young friend's ear.
John held his hand up before Greg could continue his reprimand, it seemed the older Dom was about to spank Mycroft, without a care for where they were. Ordinarily he wouldn't be bothered, but it was obvious Mycroft had something important to say. Glancing at Sherlock, he pointed at the door. "Outside," he suggested.
“No Dom’s ever held my hand that way before, sir. It’s usually my wrist and uncomfortably tight.” He’d done it again, told the doctor something about his past. Something he hadn’t wanted to, something that had just come out because of the patience of this man.
John kept up his soothing while he waited for his own sub to say something. When it was clear Sherlock wasn't going to speak of his own accord, the blond tightened his grip slightly. "Reply, pet."
“She won't lose her job, will she?” There was nothing he wanted more than to walk onto a crime scene with Sherlock, no Donovan in sight. Although, walking onto a crime scene with Donovan stood at the side watching Sherlock walk around it like he owned it rather than her would be rather satisfying too.“
As soon as it penetrated John's sleep muddled mind what had been going on, he had to stifle a laugh. "Carry on, Greg. Do you mind if I watch? It might be relaxing."
"I don't think so, somehow, do you?" The Superintendent twisted Sherlock's arms until the detective stopped fighting. "I've had practice at this, boy, with blokes that didn't care if they seriously injured me." He leant over the detective to whisper in his ear. "You do."
“I didn’t kill those four people, Mr. Holmes. I spoke to them ... and they killed themselves. And if you get the coppers now, I promise you one thing.” He leant forward so he was no longer leaning against his cab. “I will never tell you what I said.”
Greg began to nibble on the head of his cock until Mycroft couldn't help but buck into his Dom's waiting mouth.
It was a fair few minutes before John had cleared his head enough to slide in beside his brat on the back seat.
Sherlock knew what was going to happen when he heard the snap of a tube cap, he shifted his legs inward.
“Don’t apologise, pet. You’ve done nothing wrong.” He cupped his boy’s cheek when he didn’t look up of his own accord. He peered down into the grey-green eyes and almost got lost in the way the colours swirled together, but something wasn’t right. “What do you feel like? Can you explain it to me?” It could be Panic, John reasoned. It had been a few days since events had taken a rather dramatic turn for a few hours, but this could almost be an aftershock, which sometimes happened, and could be worse if the sub had been in Panic when the event had happened as well. It was like going into shock and then coming out of it only to return again when you weren’t quite 100% again. That wasn’t it though. It was almost like…
John let the pegs stay in place for a bit then he took one off and moved it to a different location on Sherlock's cock. He felt himself getting hard from the change in his boy's breathing.
Irene spun around, but before she could do anything in retaliation several guards rushed in and dragged Mycroft from the wall and kicked him to his knees.
There was a warm heating sensation in his stomach and he could feel himself getting aroused. He looked down and saw his poor dick imprisoned and locked away. “Bollocks,” he hissed. Then he realised where he was.
John walked down the hall and tapped on the door frame to the room where Sherlock was suspended. "Greg, leave that one. There's a Bond movie coming on in a few minutes."
He leant forward and undid the cuffs from one another and then led him by the hand into the corner where there was a small en suite toilet. “I assume you don’t need me to watch your every move now and that you can pee on your own?”
John chuckled and it made the detective feel the blush rise up his neck again. “I am, pet. And it is all for you.”
"There you go. That's better. Do you have any idea what that does to me?" John asked as he massaged Sherlock's scalp.
"Naughty little, Lock, telling Mycie that story. I really don't think Irene wants to hear the rest." She shoved him over backwards then turned to kick Mycroft in the stomach.
When they reached eight, Sherlock was struggling to keep his voice level, the strap covered a larger surface area than the cane or a crop but it didn't help to dull the sensation at all. He didn't know if he'd be able to count all the way to 15.
Greg sat back down and beckoned his boy over. "I think John has your brother well in hand. Get over here and finish what you started."
After what felt like eternity to Sherlock, John released his cock, leaving him panting. His head was low and his sobbing was out of control. He was, however, managing to keep as quiet as possible. He had orgasmed 4 times, but only managed to ejaculate 3 times. If John was feeling particularly harsh, he could have kept going, other Dom’s would. If it became a repeat occurrence, he would have to, but for now, he stopped and stood up, surveying his sub. His grip had also not been as hard on the last one, knowing it would be dry and painful enough.
John laughed, glancing at his fellow Dom. "If I'm not, he is even more of a brat, if that is possible."
The two couples ventured out and headed for the beach. It had had a calming affect on Sherlock before. Perhaps it was the sound of the waves that did it.
“Oyster. It's a mollusk. You can eat what's inside and sometimes they make a pearl,” Sherlock explained, walking up.
When they reached the playroom, John shoved the detective to his knees while he thumbed in the code, then he dragged the awkward knee-walking detective inside. "Position,
Mycroft shook his head sadly and ran his hand through his little brother's curls. "Pick a side, Sherlock. Because I know what side I'm on."
"Not at all." Greg crouched down and locked the cock cage on Sherlock, giving his bollocks a slap in the process. "What is it with you? You could have blown us all up."
Greg had clearly had words with the government official because when the Dom stopped, Mycroft straightened up behind him, head down, hands at his neck.
He returned with a panel gag, a small rubber dildo on one side. He wedged it between Sherlock's teeth and pulled the straps behind his head, connecting it to the collar.
"I believe someone is in the need of cuddles," John said as he finished his beer. He set the bottle aside and wrapped his arm around Sherlock. "Are you ready for said cuddles, or would you like to stew a bit more first?"
"I did not give you permission to speak. If you feel as if you are going into Panic you will tell me immediately and I will deal with the situation, but until that point you will obey me."
Suddenly, Sherlock seemed to go mad. He struggled and fought against his bonds. He couldn't let himself be violated by the Woman without putting up a fight.
"Not on holiday," Greg said firmly. "He's strictly wearing jeans and the shirts I picked out for him. Just wait until you see how they show off his arse."
Sherlock bit the bed covers as John let the paddle drop. He was achy and sore from his time away, the police officers who had brought him in the day before, hadn't been gentle either.
"My brother was just bu- He was talking about something he knows nothing about. It doesn't really matter."
The doctor crouched down and looked at the machine. He pressed a button and the entire assembly rotated ninety degrees on the base. "Yup." He grinned. "It'll work upwards. This thing must have cost a fortune."
He ran his hand through Sherlock's sweaty curls, trying to calm him down so he could breathe properly.
“No, sir,” he replied in agreement. He was slightly anxious at a stranger coming in, but despite the trouble he was in at the moment, he was aware that the doctor wouldn't bring another person like Wilkes in and leave him alone.
Every couple of minutes John moved forward and told him he was doing something wrong, or helped shift or swap over each curtain. Sherlock was quickly fed up, but he knew it could have been a lot worse... he knew John would never harm him, not like those before, but he still could have got the paddle out. And that soap had tasted awful. He chewed down on the ball gag in his mouth, glad for the first time it was there.
At half 6, John had let him go and throw some clothes on. It felt good to not be naked. He never realised how much he missed his suit when it was in the wardrobe. Although he had forgone pants, the trousers at the very least covered the cage. Out of sight out of mind didn’t quite apply, but it was pretty close!
"Er… sir?" Sherlock called out after a few minutes had passed without anything happening. Well, nothing happening besides being thumped up the arse by the dildo.
Greg raised a hand and grasped a rope holding Mycroft in the air. "Do you want me to do that?" The Dom asked. "One foot like one nipple."
"Yes, sir," Sherlock sighed. He was glad the wait for a punishment was over, but this really hadn't been what he was expecting.
“I am tired," the Dom sighed, "as I am sure you are after your little escapade today. We will sleep and I will deal with you in the morning.”
Amy crawled up and sat between Greg and Mycroft. She covered her mouth as she gave a big yawn, then she placed her head in her father's lap and her feet on Mycroft’s.
“Yes, sir,” Sherlock choked out, the position was already uncomfortable and he didn’t want to stay there any longer than absolutely necessary.
John closed his eyes briefly. He would have smacked himself on the forehead if Sherlock hadn’t been there to witness it. He could see the badly concealed smirk the detective was trying to hide and had to change the subject to not laugh himself. Round 2 to Sherlock, though he wasn’t about to admit that.
"James Moriarty. His games. Who do you think was pulling his strings? It's ok, Mycroft didn't work it out either."
Donovan nodded once and walked away, it was a matter of seconds later that a car pulled up and John climbed in.
“Don’t think of disobeying me, boy. You should already have done this,” John’s voice was calm, but it didn’t have the same effect on the detective.
The government official had turned on his heel and disappeared out of the cell without another word, there was no build up to it yet it still managed to be dramatic.
The sub moaned something inaudible in response and John sighed. He had never seen a sub this affected by these sorts of events, but then again he had never seen a sub quite like Sherlock before; unique in every way and only a sub because there were three categories: Dom, switch or sub, there wasn’t a range of choices.
Sherlock glared at him, but it was all he could do. The amount of rope John had used to tie him to the bench… he hadn't stood a chance.
The doctor squeezed his boyfriend's hand back. "One thing, though, we both still need to wash our fishy hands." He placed a kiss on Sherlock's cheek.
The four of them were sat in a cafe, 300 yards from the station. Sherlock was no longer a suspect; his record was clean again. Greg had grumbled about the amount of paperwork he now had to do, but was more pissed off with Mycroft who was knelt beside his Dom rather than sat.
Sherlock soon found out where the chain went. They went straight to a set of clamps at his nipples that John dealt with swiftly.
The detective’s eyes were immediately drawn to the pile of clothes – his old trainers, jeans and t-shirt. He swallowed awkwardly. Why could he never deduce John’s intentions? Even with so much evidence in front of him.
"Good. Maybe now we can make our way back to the well behaved sub I know you can be. Sit up in your position."
John did a double-take upon seeing the strange glowing… thing. "Bloody hell, what is that?" he asked, grasping the detective's arm.
The Superintendent kept his grip on Mycroft's hair as he continued to crop him. He brought the crop down time and again. The muscles in his sub's back were taught like a bow. When Greg's arm began to hurt he pulled Mycroft from the bench and dropped him to his knees facing his brother.
I'm extremely sorry to have to say this. For those of you that are enjoying this story, I am glad, it's what us writers write for after all!
How did he know? Sherlock was silently fuming. This blasted Dom was too good, not like he would ever admit it to the other man. All the same his hands shot back up behind his head, but John didn’t immediately turn around. He finished filling the sink up, rubbing a flannel with soap, then spun on his heel with a big grin on his face.
Sherlock's gaze darted straight to the camera. “Mycie...” he closed his eyes, he had to say goodbye, didn't he? If this was it, it couldn't be for nothing. “Tell John... tell him that I....” that time he sighed heavily. “He knows. And you,” he glanced towards Moriarty who was wearing a manic grin, the gun held loosely in his hand. “Mycroft, you aren't the-”
It took a minute, but his landlady opened the door, looking very disheveled. "What is it, Sherlock? Have you any idea what time it is?"
At the lack of response, the doctor continued, “This attitude will not go unpunished, pet, but you are clearly tired after yesterday’s events, so you can have an extra hour in bed. When you wake at 8 we can discuss the tally we didn’t deal with last night.”
“Put your hands down now and up on your feet.” He placed his arms beneath Sherlock’s and helped him up. “Slip out of these.” He tugged at one of the legs, then he crouched down with a pair of the sub’s high-quality trousers. “Left.” After lifting his left foot up, John indicated the other one. After doing the same again, he pulled Sherlock’s trousers up and pushed his shirt in.
The doctor laughed as he covered Finn with the towel to let him change his shorts. “Cover yourself, you git. You're going to give Mrs. H a heart attack,” John told his husband.
It was a full hour later and the majority of John’s anger had resided. He knew that was good and he knew it wouldn’t come back as he punished his sub, but he couldn’t believe the amount of tied up anger inside a boy so young. His previous Dom’s must have done some serious things to him in order for him to be like that.
Bemused, he glanced a Mycroft as he answered his sister. "Um, a bit, yes." His sister seemed to be acting like she had when he had been ill.
Greg stepped forward and gripped him by his chin, he carefully removed the gag. "I suggest you drop that word from your vocabulary or you may end up getting more than you bargained for."
"It's okay. It's not your fault. We have to be understanding with him and let the adults handle it when something like this happens," Greg told her. “Come on, let’s build that spaceship Finn liked.”
“Sherlock!” John barked, his tone sharper than Sherlock had ever heard it. The younger sub flinched. “Enough of that talk or I'll have you in the kitchen writing lines to remind you.”
For his part, the sub could feel John's eyes on him. The heat of their gaze warmed him and made him want to squirm under his scrutiny. To keep the attention, he managed to keep himself completely still.
"Because you need your attitude adjusting. Greg can you fetch the cage for that," he pointed at Sherlock's cock. "I'm going to tease you stupid with this and then lock it away, how does that sound?"
John glanced down at Sherlock. It was clear he was thinking the same thing. John reached up and removed his gag once again.
When the detective appeared at the door, it was to see his normal chair back, he sighed in relief. He'd rather kneel at John's feet than sit in that god damn chair again. It wasn't just uncomfortable, it was sexually irritating too.
An hour later, John returned, freshly showered and in a clean suit, to his brat kicking and tugging at the cuffs. John just stood there and watched. The boy continued to struggle until he realised the Dom was watching him with an amused smirk. Sherlock flopped back on his bed and sighed heavily.
The detective managed a slight nod, a tear leaking from his left eye. John wiped the tear away and kissed him on the temple. He kept running his hand along Sherlock's spine, up and down, as he watched him. He moved his hands around his boy's chest and tweaked at his nipples, "That's a good boy," he whispered into his ear before biting his ear lobe.
“Who are you?” Sherlock repeated, eyeing him up and down again. The van was fairly dark, but he saw enough, at least he thought he had.
“Think about this carefully, John. Did you specifically say not to enter them without permission or did you just not mention it?”
Sherlock didn’t need telling twice. He took a mouthful and spat it out, then proceeded to down the whole glass. “Th-thank you, sir,” he didn’t know if speaking would be the right thing to do.
He pulled his arms around behind and cuffed him, he did the same with his feet before attaching the leash to a removable hook in the wall.
Irene laughed, placing her hand over her heart. "The wrong porn, obviously. I'm going to show you how to do things right. Bring out your toys, Eurus. Let's see what you've been using."
Before he managed to give the order to his driver to pull away from the club his own phone rang. “Sam, I’m needed,” he informed the older man, climbing back out the car without a word to Sherlock.
John worked quickly and efficiently, his hands as professional as a doctor, as he washed him. When John had finished drying him off, he praised him again and pushed him towards the sub’s bedroom.
The Dominatrix ran at him in a rage, some of her hair coming loose from its neat arrangement, and started hitting him with the crop in a mad frenzy. Sherlock just stood there and took it, laughing the whole while.
“Drop your head,” he ordered when he realised Sherlock was returning the glare. “So disappointing. I want you to think about what you’ve done wrong today because I’m going to make you list them later.”
"Yes, sir," he repeated, doing just that. Greg knew instantly what the phone call was for and he couldn't believe they'd cornered their man in less than an hour.
Finn, nodded his head into John’s shoulder and sobbed quietly. “Sowwy,” he whispered, not daring to look up.
Mycroft shook his head. “No. I merely passed on my... regrets. And her outburst at you no doubt helped.”
The Dom strode right up to within inches of his sub and shoved his hand in the detective's curls, Sherlock managed to control a wince at the tug, it wasn’t soft and gentle.
He opted to take a cab, sure a cab pulling up outside 221 would be less suspicious than him running.
“Disobey me the way you did and you have things to make up. For a start, proving to me you can take care of yourself, once again. That is, after all, one of the main reasons that you are here, isn't it?”
"Go and fetch some nice steel cuffs," Greg ordered his own sub, while he buckled the posture collar around Sherlock's neck.
Sherlock crossed the room instantly, but with caution. He didn’t know what he expected from John when he reached him. Even so, he dropped to his knees as he had been ordered.
His brother, Mycroft Holmes, was in a different lounge with the Dom, discussing Sherlock’s “behaviour”. Apparently it was out of order for a chemistry graduate turned detective. How many lounges did one house need? He had had asked the exact same question of his parents and was still waiting for an answer.
Sherlock laughed. “Yes I suppose their arrival does mean ice cream is closer. Now come through to the bedroom, we can get you into something more comfortable.”
He had been laying out on the floor of the Dom’s study, scribbling away as he composed. Sherlock felt a tingly sensation run up his back at the doctor’s obvious approval and from that point on the competition to make the older man mad was over. He liked the tingly sensations. He would aim for more of those.
Sherlock straddled the older man’s lap and slowly lowered himself on to his cock. John used one hand to steady his cock and the other to hold Sherlock by the front of his shirt in a clenched fist.
As soon as Mycroft's knees hit the floor, he laughed. "No matter what you do, how hard you try, you'll never be able to predict my sister nor will you be able to keep her happy with you."
Shaking his head, John headed for the play rooms. Actually, he still thought Greg was irresistibly cute. He laughed as he heard Greg yell out, when he caught him up he was fully dressed again and had clearly gotten rid of the vibrator.
"What do you mean nope?" Mycroft yelled up after him. He glanced at John. "He's touched them hasn't he?"
Using his knowledge from the drugs case - which he had quite proudly solved and found the location of all the missing nArctic’s as well as blowing open a nationwide drug ring - he came to the conclusion that he couldn’t go around it. It ran too wide. Instead he would have to go over it.
They seemed more than willing to oblige the government official, and Mycroft cuffed his little brother's struggling arms behind him.
Regaining his composure, the Dom smiled. “For accepting your punishment without argument and addressing me properly for the first time, I will halve the number of strokes I am about to give you.”
Mycroft shot him a glare, but started the odious task of turning back around. He was stopped, however, when his Dom grasped him by the chin. Mycroft flinched back at the look on Greg's face. "Sir-"
The youngest Holmes looked back at the dominatrix with a warning glare. "Be careful what you say about me. This is my island."
The Dominatrix resumed pushing the plug into Sherlock, delighted at the effect it had had on him. She couldn't wait to see what he did after it had been in him for a while, chilling his insides.
The sub glanced up in horror. “Fighting, sir?” Fighting was bad, fighting would be punishable far worse than staying in the doctor’s room alone overnight. He shook his head furiously, “I’m not fighting you, sir. Honest.”
John was waiting for his partner to make a food comment related to Mycroft but he seemed more interested in the little boy he was holding.
Mycroft’s smile was bright, a rare sight that only Greg normally got to see. "I shall certainly see to that."
The Dom ruffled his curls as he walked back to a shelf and gathered up some rope. He didn't want to do anything too heavy despite the temptation. Instead he would use a bit of bondage. It always had seemed to work before.
Seeing that Sherlock didn't understand, John fell back on their dynamic. "If nothing is wrong, then march back to the house and kneel in the living room until I get back."
“I know he did. But aren’t you glad he did? You have a son, Sherlock has some closure on his childhood, Mycroft understands the resentment, and their dad… he’s got out of an incredibly unwanted relationship… because of one little boy.”
Several people joined him on the lift. Sherlock was able to deduce that one of the men was involved in something requiring a high level of security. He noted the button the man pushed to see what floor he was going to. It was high up in the building.
When the door shut, John returned his attention to the sub still knelt unmoving in the corner. The brat had done well. So far at least. But he wouldn’t back down, he knew Sherlock was only behaving because he was aware how John could punish him further.
