“Thanks, Dean.” They ordered quickly, both of them taking a steak, baked potato and a bottle of wine to share.
it. Only that thought made Cas sick to his stomach. He turned his gaze away from his older brother and made his way home.
They knocked once and a few seconds later Gabriel opened the door. He had changed so much since Cas had last seen him. His hair was longer than before and he had a light beard. He only hesitated for a moment before pulling Cas into a tight embrace. Gabe pulled away to look at Cas. Castiel was wearing black, ripped jeans and a black hoodie with the Led Zeppelin logo on it. He also wore the trench coat he had bought a few months back. "Didn't know you listened to Led Zeppelin" was the first thing his brother said to Cas.
They walked into the room and were met by Castiel's family which consisted of Lucifer and his parents, already waiting for them at the front of the room together with their lawyer. Castiel's grip around Dean's hand tightened slightly but Cas tried to relax his body or to at least look calm on the outside.
and when he pressed send, his heart started racing. He felt like he just embarrassed himself, so Castiel went to his kitchen, his apartment had two floors but it was still pretty small, and took a beer out of his fridge. He drank halt the bottle before he calmed down. He wasn't an alcoholic, of course every alcoholic sais that, but sometimes he needed something stronger than water. He didn't like it at all, since his father was an alcoholic and had done some bad stuff to Castiel but sometimes it was his only escape. The rest of the night, he spent thinking about Dean. That man with the beautiful green eyes, the soft lips and freckles on his face. And of course, the text.
and some others. The desk which was always a little messy. His bookcase, full with old books about myths and legends. Some poetry was also stuck between the thick books but Dean had told him that he hadn't read them yet. The pictures on his nightstand of him and Sam and one of his mother. There was not one picture of his father.
through the fabric. Without a warning Dean pulled the covers back and off of Castiel’s body, earning a displeased whine from his boyfriend. Cas got up eventually and after shooting Dean an angry glare, walked past him and into the kitchen. Dean followed him only a few minutes later.
Cas sang the lyrics, his voice rough from sleep and dehydration. he stared out the window as he sang.
Castiel woke up at 4 am and saw that Dean wasn't next to him and Cas started panicking. Where was Dean, why wasn't he there, did anything happen to him. Cas started to freak out and decided to get some fresh air. He put on a hoodie and walked downstairs. He saw that the light in the kitchen was on and so he walked towards it. Dean was standing in front of the fridge. Cas sighted in relieve but didn't approach. He cleared his throat and Dean's head shot towards him. He could see the momentary shock in his eyes before they softened and he closed the door of the fridge. "what are you doing up so late" Cas asked and approached him. "Nothing I couldn't sleep that's all" Dean said not looking at Cas. Castiel could see that he was lying because he wasn't looking at him. "Dean you know I can tell when you are lying, right," Cas said and cupped his face. "What is going on". Dean didn't say anything at first but then sighted. "My father is coming back tomorrow and I am concerned about it" Dean admitted and sat leaned against the counter. "Don't worry Dean, everything will be fine. I am here for you. I will never leave you" Cas pressed a kiss to his lips and then to his forehead. "I love you, you know that," Dean said with a light smile and kissed Cas again. It was a soft kiss. "I know. Let's go to bed now, I am tired and I don't want to sleep in until 3 pm again" Cas said dragging Dean behind him by his wrist. "I thought you liked those days. And either way, we have a few free days left, we need to enjoy them". "I know but I want to study a bit tomorrow morning". They were now inside Dean's room again and both of them walked towards the bed, falling onto it. Cas pulled Dean into his arms and rested his chin on Dean's head. "Everything will be fine," he said quietly before falling asleep.
"I..Uhm...was just trying to be nice, I mean he's new here after all," he said with a slight blush. Cas couldn't help the small smile when he saw Dean get all flustered, it was cute.
“Gabriel, what are you doing here?” Dean asked not sounding that happy. Gabe shrugged and flopped down on a chair.
Castiel's eyes filled with tears and his mouth continued to fill with blood. Cas hadn't realized when Dean had moved but now he was throwing himself at Lucifer, pushing him onto the wooden floor. They landed with a loud bang, Lucifer’s head hitting the floor. He heard his mother scream but he couldn't care. His eyes were fixed onto the two men fighting. Dean was punching him, his knuckles starting to bleed. Suddenly they switched positions, Lucifer now pushing Dean down with his whole weight. Even though Dean was taller, Lucifer seemed to be heavier and now his brother had the upper hand and he used it, hitting Dean in the face with as much force as he could gather. Dean's face was red and blood was running out of his nose but he wasn't giving up. He struggled, trying to free himself from Lucifer's grip. Castiel ran towards them trying to get his brother off of Dean but he only got hit by his brother’s elbow, sending him tumbling backwards. Dean had almost freed himself when Lucifer hit him unconscious. Cas froze as his brother rose from Dean's unconscious body and walking towards him.
He wanted to work in a coffee shop near his apartment. He knew it wasn’t much but it would be enough for now. He still had some money stashed away for emergencies anyway. He spent a few hours working and then sending his application before driving back home.
“I really don’t think I would feel comfortable watching porn on a big screen in my boss’s house,” Castiel said. “And that sounds even worse after I said it aloud.”
He felt himself melt into the bed at the recollection of Dean’s hands on him, how his mouth was like a drug. They had taken turns jerking each other off while kissing, which didn’t sound like much, Castiel thought, when it had been such an incredible maelstrom of smooth and harsh and velvety and strong. Dean hadn’t said a word, but his tender caresses and mind-melting kisses and amazing hand job had done all the communicating that was necessary.
“You usually don’t take this long to get to your point; I certainly can’t argue it, though,” Castiel said, and by this unwittingly saved himself the trouble of bandaging Dean’s hand after he tried to punch him hard in the face.
“Dean,” Castiel said, and now his annoyance was obvious. “Me being gay does not destroy my social anxiety with a glitter bomb, nor does it give me the magical ability to catch up on three decades of references to popular culture, or slay my aversion to pornography, or make me twenty years younger so I can be newly gay with people my own age. I dated one man - this would be about a year ago now, we met on the internet - and he said I was like trying to date an antique glass chandelier - I’m impressive as hell but a bit of a maintenance nightmare. I didn’t even rate a kiss goodnight.”
“I can’t pay more than fifteen bucks an hour, I don’t care how you dress as long as you’n your clothes’re clean, and as long as you honestly record your hours I don’t care when you work.”
Castiel thanked God most sincerely that his back was currently to Dean. “If you mean have I been indulging in lots of consequence-free sex, I’m going to have to remind you that I’m still your employee.”
Castiel pushed Dean down until he was stretched out on the sofa and started kissing him mercilessly. Dean gasped and surrendered without a struggle. He tried to caress Castiel and found his hands pinned over his head, so he squirmed and moaned into Castiel’s mouth instead.
the deal. This place is salted against ghosts but souls tethered to Heaven might be able to get in here if they knew what they were dealing with. And it’s something Naomi wants, so I’m ready to call bullshit.” More casually, he said, “So, is he threatening you?”
“We had something to sort out, and we did,” he added. “We’re together, come what may, but we already knew that, right? Is there any dessert? or did Castiel forget pie - again.”
It was packaged cornbread but it smelled tempting as he thought about Dean coming through the door to eat something he baked even if it was from a package. Dean had texted him what to do and it hadn’t been hard.
For some reason, Dean’s expression darkened as soon as he saw Castiel. He said, “Breakfast’s ready, coffee’s on,” and turned his back on Cas. Castiel, his happy expression now tucked away, collected his coffee and allowed Dean to dish out huevos rancheros.
“I don’t think I’ve ever heard Andrew Marvell thrown down in the mud quite like that before,” Castiel said. “I was allowed to read poetry as long as there were no dirty pictures,” he added, at Dean’s frown. “Just because I haven’t had sex doesn’t mean it’s a problem. I don’t think I’m ready, emotionally.”
The dark haired man came into the room and, seeing Dean, stopped in surprise. He then nodded to Dean in a single jerk of his head, that being all the greeting he seemed willing to part with. He slowly closed the door behind him and sat as far away from Dean in the waiting room as possible.
At Dean’s expression, he said, “What if I shake hands too hard or too soft. What if the other person feels strange or I feel strange to them. What if I’m too quick or too slow to put my hand up. What if I forget my name.”
Castiel remained silent. He was no longer afraid to be silent. His social anxiety had framed his silence as incompetence; with a few simple words, Dean had framed his silence as choice.
Dean shrugged. “You’ve had your grace all up in my everywhere. Am I supposed to worry about some spit? Or is there something else about angel sex I should be freaking about?”
“Okay. Dean took out his business card and said, “Give me a call if you want to give it a whirl. It’s about two weeks of work, if you dog it.”
Castiel rested his hand lightly on Dean’s shoulder and looked right into his eyes. Dean was easier to look at than most people. He looked back with such interest.
, I know what it’s like to be spied on from the inside out.” Dean rolled his eyes at the continued stone face, and got closer. “Spit it out.” He put his other hand on Castiel’s shoulder.
He wanted to believe Dean’s appearance in his life was a gift. Maybe it wasn’t wise to ascribe too much of it to God. Dean had asked him to coffee, taken an interest in him.
“Yeah. Naomi and Jimmy pranked him and got him all confused. Also, we gotta take the fucking bunker apart for bugs, since those stinkin’ angels think spying on us is so fucking great.”
“You didn’t call me boring, you called my interests boring, and I agreed, as I recollect. However, knowing by heart the anatomical differences between every native bee species in the state is an accomplishment of some note, and I am occasionally called upon to assist in matters of identification.”
He brought it to Dean, whose lashes were still stuck together with tears, and sat next to him on the sofa.
Dean occasionally teared up over sentimental items, but this was Niagara Falls in comparison. Castiel became very uneasy, and wondered what he should do, so he approached Dean gingerly and patted him lightly on the arm. Dean’s reaction to the shoulder pat was to literally turn into Castiel’s arms and cry onto his shoulder.
“I need a proper OSHA dust mask and eye protection, your permission to recycle as much as I can, and a dumpster.”
“And you don’t want me to know where you live ‘cause you think I’ll run off to mommy and squeal on you?” Dean asked, his disgust and astonishment crystal clear.
Dean gave the smallest breath of a laugh. “You’re getting right into the being human stuff. Next you’ll be sleeping instead of up all night reading.”
It didn’t matter if they were killing things, cooking, sleeping, driving. Everything was better when they were together, Dean thought, shoulder to shoulder with his best friend in the whole world.
Over the next few weeks, they got into a routine. Castiel told Dean straight up that the more regular a routine he had the more productive he was likely to be, and he also told him that he wasn’t a morning person. So his day started a bit late.
Dean had a funny expression on his face. “First off, the guy who first named ‘alpha males’ renounced his research.”
Castiel, sitting at Dean’s table and eating Dean’s food and on Dean’s payroll and on a Dean-managed schedule which was very much to his liking, felt his hungry stomach drop six inches.
“Dean,” he said soothingly. “It will get better. Maybe you can tell me what about this makes you so upset.”
“We reaffirmed our profound bond by cuddling while Castiel stroked my hair,” Dean said sarcastically. He left the kiss/kisses, and the disco ball of grace, completely out of his report.
Dean laughed and sat down on the bed. “‘Cept of course you can. Indefinitely. You could punch me in the face — uh, please don’t! — and fly off and I’d forgive you. And I’d still want to kiss you. But I’d also be okay if you told me that wasn’t going to happen again because my molecules taste funny.”
By the time he got through his catastrophizing and bad self-talk, he finally realized that he’d just have to power through it, and he picked up the phone and dialled.
Castiel microwaved some instant cocoa, made it more calorific by hiding some coffee cream in it, and sprinkled some cinnamon on top.
“You’re hired,” Dean said, and the subject was dropped, and Dean wasn’t mad at him anymore, apparently, and then he was insisting that they watch a movie, and then tried to figure out what Castiel wanted to watch, since he had six hundred of the most popular movies of all time on a big and (‘shush!!’) illegal media server his friend Charlie had set up for him.
“You know it,” Dean said simply. “So, you’re the one with the sexual awakening happening. For all I know I’m not the one anything should be happening with.”
The bus ride home was a sobering experience. There was blood in his underwear when he got home so then he had to decide whether he was going to the ER or not, and decided not to.
“Jesus, I don’t know whether to slap you for saying that or me for being stupid enough to listen to you.” Dean made a loud and throaty scoffing noise. “To raise a nephilim? Don’t be a fucking asshole, of
“I got a lot of very regressive therapy and kissed another boy. I would have been 17 at the time. We both told each other we were experimenting to rebel against our terrible families but I often wonder what happened to him. He has no social media presence.”
Castiel phoned Dean at noon, having stewed all morning about the propriety of working for someone he’d met at his therapist’s office. Truth be told, the degree of challenge it would be to work for someone as handsome as Dean also took a toll on his fevered misgivings. As he could have gloomily predicted, he was in general overthinking a God-sent gift.
“Why would I watch porn with someone else?” Castiel asked, horrified. “I already told you I’m not really a fan of porn. I’m hoping for a story.”
Castiel had thought at the time, amused how Dean’s presence drove off his misgivings and his way of riding superstitious spirals of speculation into emotionally dark places. “Not deep enough for stitches, but you’re going to have to knock it off for a couple of days. Check it out! it’s Friday night, so that works.”
“Dean, trust me, I’m not asexual,” Castiel ground out. He rolled his eyes. There was no profit to be had in telling Dean what he would want to do with him if they were ever — miracle of miracles — in the same bed together.
“I’ll get going on renting the dumpster, then,” Dean said. He instantly seemed more cheerful and energetic.
“I didn’t think I was a top,” Castiel said. ‘Taking care of Dean’ had been the most life-affirming, ecstatic, soul-shattering experience of his life. It was all a little startling.
He tried to be an atheist, in keeping with his new way of thought as a scientifically open and reasonable person, but it was hard to give up on God. In his darkest hours he had believed he had heard a voice, always calm and clear and loving, and it had helped immeasurably when he’d felt lost and beyond himself, beyond saving, beyond ever being loved by another human being. It was hard to abandon God, thinking of that feeling of always being thrown a strand of hope to pull himself back with.
“Relax,” Dean said. “You’re hired.” He sat at the other end of the couch from Castiel as they watched and Castiel, who’d been hoping to at least sit next to Dean, was a little disappointed.
“Because you’ll complain if someone else does,” Castiel said, suddenly standing next to him. “I’ll come help find food for everyone else.” In the end, he flew into town for an immense block of cheese and a bag of macaroni, and greens, and under Dean’s supervision, he made mac'n'cheese and an immense salad in the biggest bowl they had. It seemed weird that there were vegetarian hunters now; a couple of people thanked Dean for making a non-meat entrée.
“Hope they were worth it, and everything came out okay,” Dean said before he could stop himself. He chuckled at his own coarseness.
For everything else, it galled Dean to the centre point of his gall-bladder how much more loveable the old Cas was, but how much more useful and easy to talk to
He took the box upstairs and emptied it. There was an enormous, ancient and leather-bound book with gold lettering, called
Dean tried to stay on task. He was pretending he didn’t have an erection by standing utterly still. “We have to make a space they can’t spy into.”
“I don’t ‘dog’ work,” Castiel said almost grimly. There were air quotes in there, and along with the grim expression the precise finger movements almost made Dean laugh, but he did not.
Dean allowed his mouth to drop open first, but then he flung back his head and laughed. Castiel wished his arms could extend a couple of feet and he could quickly caress Dean’s neck as he did that. He looked down at what was left of the chili.
“I don’t hate myself,” Dean said. “Not for that,” he amended. “For pretending I didn’t care about it the next day.” Dean blew his nose. “So what are you doing here?”
Castiel’s back stiffened. “I thought you mostly did it in the shower,” he said, screwing up his face almost, but not like, how Cas used to do it. What kind of man yells at his best friend, “You screw your face up wrong! Get it right, goddamn you,” — who knew? it wasn’t Dean.
“Free booze and everybody bringing us extra-sharp knives with wacky evil provenance? sounds like home!” Dean said. He was joking, and he wasn’t, like always. He’d argue it back and forth and about the time you thought you knew where he stood on anything, Castiel thought, he’d change the subject.
you doing about that other thing? You’re forty, right? My bro was always going on about time’s wingèd chariot and, man, it’s gaining on you.”
Maybe Dean would be okay to sell them on Ebay, seeing as how that was likely where most of this stuff had likely emanated from in the first place.
“Hoo boy!” Dean said. He fell back, and then stayed connected with a hand to the shoulder, not wanting to be left behind if Castiel got shifty again.
“Being unemployed is undesirable,” Castiel said firmly. “And you said you’d let me make the determination. Now I want to know.”
“I dunno. You’re showing that you trust me. And you trust me enough to kiss me in front of a live studio audience FUCK YOU NAOMI! and — confidential to Jimmy Novak! — FUCK YOU TOO!”
“When the new Castiel took the former Castiel’s place with the Winchesters” and here he lifted a hand to hold off Dean’s scoffing, and said, as a concession,“more or less, he also took over his familial duties to Claire. She asked him why and he said that she was free to reject any family claim but he was going to be interacting with her because they were both hunters. Then she told him not to be an idiot and they hugged.”
He fell into a new routine. Weekdays he worked to clear out Dean’s house. One or two nights on the weekend he’d go to Buddies or Sidekicks and try his luck at the bar, and he was handsome enough that he didn’t lack for partners. He quickly learned to ask if they liked kissing and preferred to take it slow, as that weeded out the ‘pump and grunt’ guys. Guys into kissing and taking it slow were often better conversationalists, too. It was hit or miss; some of his partners were more fun than a carnival ride and a couple of them were so focussed on getting their rocks off to the exclusion of everything else that he felt like he was just a convenient piece of meat.
“We had a fight. It was the last time I saw her, saw them both.” Dean struggled to suppress tears, and succeeded.
“Ha-ha!” It was a very childish laugh, and Dean was almost laughing too hard for intelligibility. “He caught you jerking off while thinking about me,” Dean crowed, relieved as hell the conversation wasn’t going the other way.
Castiel sat up, leaned forward, and kissed Dean. It was wrong, and stupid and short-sighted and ill-advised, but there was no way he would miss finding out what those plushly upholstered lips tasted like.
“Why the hell would he want to do that?” Dean said, genuinely surprised. “Why does he know or care about us? He got his, safe and sound!”
Castiel just shrugged. “I don’t think this conversation is useful any more,” he said, and got ready to leave.
“I’m a wreck. I thought these steps I took would make me feel better but without the structure of work I’m just wandering around like a lost sheep — and I’ll run out of money soon.” Castiel shrugged helplessly.
“Bobby and Sam had a fight about the séance-y type stuff Bobby was doing, and I defended Bobby; I mean I figured it was harmless and Sam said it was pandering to our worst instincts and superstitious horseshit. He was sixteen and spitting fire, man, unbelievable.
Castiel had never lost control of himself like this, ever, so Dean dug in, and got the barfy feeling that accompanied flight by etheric means, and then, woozy and freaked out and chilly, he was dumped out about 10 yards from the lip of the Grand Canyon.
“And now he just plain rolls up and owns me. Don’t use that mean voice on me, I don’t like it,” Dean said. He was serious.
“Well, if you want more of it you’re going to have to come in to work tomorrow, say 3 o’clock, just to get your arms wrapped around the problem.”
“Most men I know would rather die than show emotion. I think they have a problem, not you,” Castiel said, trying to sound reasonable. “I’m going to make you a cup of hot cocoa and you can sit down on your newly rediscovered sofa and explain it all.”
There were a few people in the bunker, but Sam was training folks they’d rescued from the ‘other side’ at the outdoor range down the county line a few miles and Mom and the ‘who knew but it was fine’ Bobby from the other side were probably off smooching someplace and Dean was bouncing between absurdly pleased and greenly jealous.
The lube was cold, and Dean shivered. Castiel ran a pacifying hand down Dean’s flank. He pushed a finger into Dean’s ass and Dean moaned.
“I’ll never forget that as long as I live, man,” Dean said, and that smirk peeped out. “Like a fuckin’ champagne cork across the table.”
Castiel frowned. “It is a science experiment. I don’t know if it will feel pleasant, I don’t know how to interpret it, is this pleasure, is this boredom, does the way the vessel reacts and the way I react, as Castiel, do they match? Am I imagining things? And all that’s before I start worrying what you’re feeling,” he concluded gloomily.
“Sure. And if you hang around with me for any length of time you will completely lose the ability to overthink things because I kinda run straight at shit.” Dean rose. “I’m going to go sit in my car and make phone calls, since I think it would be kinda rude to make them in here.”
“I can’t even work right now,” Castiel said. He probably shouldn’t have said it. People made judgments. If he started to work somewhere on the books his family would find him, but this nice man didn’t need to know that.
“They didn’t sleep together,” Dean said. “They didn’t have that kind of friendship. A lot of people thought it was really weird. Anyway, my mom died about twenty years ago and Bobby went off the rails. He started getting into the occult and he kept trying — he kept trying to either bring Mary back or talk to her in Heaven, or wherever she was, and he kept trying to drag me and Sam into it.”
Castiel didn't know how long they had been driving but the car suddenly came to a halt. Dean almost jumped out of the car and ran to the passenger’s side. He tore the door open and again, carried Castiel in his arms. It was now even harder to stay conscious. His eyes fluttered shut but he fought with himself and he was able to open them again. They entered a house and he was laid down onto something soft, probably a bed, he thought but he couldn't register it. "Can I pass out now Dean" he asked. Silence, then from what sounded like far away, a soft
and so they selected the first movie. As Bilbo went started his adventure they drifted to sleep, both exhausted from their lack of sleep.
“Please Cas, look at me,” he said again and this time Cas complied and lifted his head, looking into those green eyes.
“Where is Cassie?” Gabe plopped himself onto one of the chairs and pulled out a container with pancakes that were all but drenched in syrup and… was that, whipped cream? ‘Gross,’ Dean thought as he scrunched up his nose.
"Come on", Dean whined, "you know this stuff. We went over it so many times yesterday". Cas sighed and looked at Dean, closing the book in his lap.
“Did you happen to notice anything… unusual that night? Maybe a drop in the temperature?” Castiel asked as he stood next to Dean. The man shook his head.
“Don’t. It’s not your fault” he added. Cas knew what was going on in Dean’s mind and so he said: “It’s not your fault either”. Dean didn't look at him and instead stared at their intertwined fingers. They stayed silent for some time before Cas spoke again.
“But you need to change,” Dean insisted but Castiel just turned the other way. After a few more attempts of Dean trying to convince Cas to get changed, he finally agreed, standing up on wobbly feet.
When Castiel woke up the next morning he had an incredible headache. His eyes hurt and they had to adjust to the bright light that shone through the windows of Dean’s bedroom. Cas rolled onto his side, trying to focus on the numbers of Dean’s alarm clock; it was almost 12 am. With a grunt, he stood up and walked to the kitchen.
A few minutes of silence later, the door opened and the rest of the gang entered, freezing in the doorway.
“Why don’t you introduce yourself?” She suggested. That was what Cas always hated when he was at a new school; the introduction. He cleared his throat before gazing over the students in front of him.
“What the hell do you mean? He was cute and there is nothing wrong with it.” Dean said, pushing him a bit more against the rough brick wall. Cas was quiet for a bit before he mumbled something too quiet for Dean to understand.
“So what did you want to talk about?” Dean asked when neither of them said anything. Gabe cleared his throat, taking another sip from his coffee.
“Yes Dean you’ve told me this,” he said his voice soft as he leaned closer to the green-eyed boy, pressing a kiss to his cheek before falling back in his seat, turning up the radio as Panic! at the Disco’s Victorious came on the radio. The rest of the drive they spent singing along to songs and laughing at each other when one of them almost scream a part in a song, their voices sounding shrill.
John's head hit the floor with a loud bang but Dean didn't stop for a second and instead continued to hit him. Blood was running out of his nose and his lip was bleeding as well. John tried to take control of the fight a few times until he punched his son with such a force that he was able to push his body to the side and rolling onto Dean, gaining control. And now he was beating Dean who was lying with his back on the hallway floor. "You are an abomination", he said between punches, "if you leave with Sam, I'll call the police". Sam was about to run towards them when Cas put a hand on the taller boys arm to hold him back. Sam looked at him and he could see the urge to help Dean but he relaxed slightly and Cas let his hand fall to his side. He didn't want to hold Sam back but he knew it would only make things worse.
“Get lost Novak, this is none of your business,” he growled turning back to the kid. Cas approached a little more, standing right behind him. When the other boy turned around a fist collided with his face and he tumbled backwards, away from the kid. He recovered quickly and was now walking towards Cas, anger masking his features. He lunged at Cas who dodged his blow easily before hitting him in the guts making him bow over in pain. Castiel didn’t hesitate a second before repeating his motion, sending the taller boy to the ground. Suddenly someone was turning him around before he felt pain rush through his face. Alastair’s friend had punched him. He tried to straighten up again but another fist collided with his face, blood running out of his nose. Cas was able to dodge the next hit and instead landed one on his attacker who backed away.
Taking a deep breath, he grabbed the edge of his shirt and pulled it over his head, revealing his, with scars and bruises covered, body. He gazed at Gabe who was looking at him with anger in his eyes; not against Cas but against the people who put those scars there, and at that moment he knew that Dean had been right.
The rest of the book was filled with poems and also some small notes Cas had made while he himself had been reading the book. Dean lifted his head, his eyes glistering from the tears he was trying to hold back.
“I think we should go to bed,” Cas told him, knowing that the next hours would be exhausting for both of them and they needed to sleep at least a little.
“Don’t ever change, Cas.” He mumbled as he slowly drifted off to sleep. arms around the man he loved.
“Cas you really didn’t have too,” he started but when he saw that Cas was about to say something, raised his hand and continued speaking, “but I have to admit I got you something too,” Dean concluded before stepping away from Cas and getting a gift out of one of his drawers. They both sat down on Dean’s bed, exchanging gifts.
The green-eyed boys hands combed through his messy hair, as he pushed his lips harder against Castiel’s. They melted into each other, soft gasps escaping their mouths as they kept on kissing. Cas pulled away slightly, gazing into Dean’s eyes as he let himself get lost in them.
Before Dean could wallow in self-pity too much, the front door opened and Sam and Gabe walked in, Gabriel with a grin and Sam with a small blush.
him. At that thought he glanced over at Dean who had been watching him, and his smile widened. Yes he had definitely made the right decision, texting Dean all those months ago.
“What? The sweeter the better,” He grinned and turned to Sam to wink at him which only made his baby brother blush and duck his head. “You didn’t answer my question, bucko, where is my brother?” Gabe asked again, waving his fork at Dean. As if in answer, the bathroom door opened and Cas came out, dressed, hair still a bit damp from the shower and
Cas set his phone down and continued working. He was going to fuck up, he thought as he stared at the blank piece of paper in front of him. Dean had probably written something beautiful, filling the pages and Cas was sitting here, not having written a single word. How was he supposed to write down things,
at Beverly Hills which was the hotel they would be staying at. Dean had gotten it as a gift from Gabriel, Ellen and Bobby for his birthday and after a lot of protest that it was
The room wasn’t really big, with a table on one side and a white screen and lights on the other side. In front of the screen was a camera on a tripod. The woman and Gabriel talked for a few minutes but Cas didn’t really pay attention to what they were saying. He was too anxious to even notice that the woman was now speaking to him.
“Looking good there, red,” Dean commented and then made his way to the Impala, trying to get a grip on himself. They were on a case and he couldn’t be pining over Cas now. Once everybody was inside, they left for the bar. The only problem was that since Sam and Gabe were together now, they sat in the backseat with Charlie, meaning Cas was right there beside him and he wanted nothing more than to kiss him breathless. His eyes glanced over to him every now and then, unable to stay focused on the road when Cas was looking like
“What are you thinking about?” he asked shifting so that he could have a better look at Cas. The blue-eyed boy turned to face Dean completely now.
“I won’t tell you, Cas.” He answered, turning the music up a bit. Cas frowned and turned towards the window. His silence lasted for approximately ten minutes before he turned the music down again.
His new job, which was close to his apartment, was great. He was a fast learner and his boss, Garth, was a really nice guy even though sometimes he looked a little lost and unorganized. At his first few days Castiel had earned a lot of tips and Castiel was definitely amazed by it. His friends came over a lot, ordering food or drinks as they laughed and had a great time. Cas also found out that they liked ordering him around, even Dean. He wasn’t mad at them though, just a little annoyed after Balthazar had called him to their table for the third time so that Cas could refill his cup.
“Dean I’m sorry. It’s not that I don’t want to, but I want to be sober. Sorry for ruining the mood and the night. You had probably imagined it different and I just fucked it up…” he trailed off, his stomach tightening as his voice got quieter. Dean turned towards him and now it was Cas who looked at the ceiling.
“Where the hell is my baby? And Sam and Gabriel? I sure hope he didn’t kidnap my brother!” Dean was livid, hands clenched into fists. Cas raised a brow at him.
“Your honor, as you can see in the file that is presented in front of you, my client is charging for assault, mental and physical abuse as well as domestic violence against his parents Mr. and Mrs. Novak, along with his brother Mr. Novak,” Gabe stated firmly, a serious expression on his face. Cas looked to where his family was sitting next to him, and how their lawyer made ready to speak.
but his phone vibrated, which distracted him from his thought. It was Dean. He excused himself and went to the living room to talk to Dean. "Hey babe, how are things going?" Dean asked with a happy voice. He clearly wanted to say something but he probably decided to start with small talk. "Hey I'm fine I guess. My mother just asked me when I will find the right girl but other than that, it's fine. My brother is not home so that’s good." "So..." Dean began "I was wondering what you would think if I come visit you tomorrow already. My parents aren't home and Sammy will stay at a friend’s house till they come back, so I thought I could come and visit you earlier. So what do you think?" Dean was very excited and Cas was happy to. He wouldn't have to stay through that one week alone. At least for most of it. " I would love that. I don't think my parents are gonna have a problem with that." Cas said with a smile on his lips. " Awesome, I’ll be there tomorrow around 5pm." Dean said and Castiel could feel Deans grin on the other end of the line. They said goodbye and Cas returned to his mother. The smile was still on his lips but vanished when he looked at his mother. "What is going on" He asked. "Since when are you wearing sweatshirts with bands on it and since when are you listening to AC/DC?" she asked and Castiel could hear the slight anger in her voice. He pushed down his own anger as best as he could because he didn't want to ruin their first day. After he took some deep breaths he just said that it belonged to a friend of his and went to his room.
“Yes,” Cas whispered back and then took the hem of his shirt and started pulling it up, discarding it to the floor. He wanted to cover himself up because of his scars but resisted the urge. He hated them so fucking much. Dean just marveled over his chest and arms for a few moments. He slowly reached out his hand but stopped only inches away from Castiel’s chest.
“We have to get ready, Anna and Crowley are coming over later and it’s already like 12:20 pm.” Cas groaned, burying himself deeper into the soft covers, trying to fall back asleep.
"Hey," he said, his voice just as raspy as Dean's. After lying in bed for some time they took turns in showering and then got ready. They would leave at around 7:30am. Even though the courthouse wasn't far away they wanted to be there earlier just in case something happened. Cas decided to wear black slacks, a white button-up shirt and a blue tie that complimented his eyes. He walked downstairs where Dean was preparing breakfast. When he saw Cas he let out a low whistle
party. Castiel was very excited about the party. It would be his first "date" with Dean in public. Saturday rolled by very slowly and Castiel read a whole book, 300 pages or so, till the afternoon. Anna came by his place to help him with his outfit and then they would go together because he could bring a plus one.
His puny hope which he had been chocking up for all those unholy years arose. After everything what happened, Dean finally saw the light.
‘Oh really?’ Dean chuckled. ‘Then bite me. I don’t need a partner. I don’t need anyone to protect me’.
‘And what can you offer? You know nothing, Cas. You don’t get a fucking clue what happened to me. Do you know why I am what I am?’
Once he received his first doze, Dean lit a cigarette. He didn’t care about an ashtray – it was his room, anyway. So he smoked one by one, sipping his whiskey, and his vision eventually became blurrier.
There was a regular traffic jam, but James didn’t feel rush, he had enough time to catch Sam Winchester. He entered the required terminal still having time and called him.
‘The Jimmy guy wants to meet you tonight, Dean. And if you promise to be a good boy, I’ll help you’.
But that time was different. He didn’t have time to wait till his Delilah vouchsafed to untie him. He had to get to this mysterious James Novak before he blasted off as everything that kept Dean sane did.
‘There... on my ass’ Dean could finally form his words... a pathetically small part of them. ‘What’s there?’
They went outside, and it was… outside indeed. Ok, it still was the territory of the clinic, but it was a tiny field separated only by fence. Patients were allowed to walk in the inner yard only, and Dean had never seen this part of the surrounding. The girl nodded in the direction of a person who was standing at the other side of the fence.
Dean knew that he had very little time to get to James. They would notice that he disappeared in the morning and call Sam immediately. His therapist would fain call the police if they didn’t reach Sam before she got to her office. Dean felt a bit pity about disappointing little Sammy, but it wasn’t
‘One more thing. Sam that I know would never say that I’m letting him down if I was trying to escape from the trap I’d gotten into. He believes me more that he believes himself. You’re a nice person, Sam, and I kinda owe you for taking care of business, but you’re not that Sam I know and love’.
Castiel was hovering over him, his wonderful biceps perfectly tensed. He smiled, and his glance was fascinatingly wild.
‘We spoke about it, Dean. You were not in nine-eleven. That day you were in your brother’s house in California. That accident overwhelmed you, it made you feel vulnerable, and that is why your brain used it to replace the real episode in your memory. Something that you were so unsettled with your brain preferred to forget and cover with false memory’.
His own room was magnificent. It had a king size bad with a pillow-top mattress (in opposite to a sleeper-sofa he had before), a very old wardrobe (something where a gateway to Narnia could be hidden), heavy, black-out curtains, and a big fuzzy carpet.
‘Man, what’s wrong with you? Are you fucking squeamish? If my ass disgusts you, don’t lick it then’.
‘That’s why I came’ Cas said quietly. ‘I can’t fix what happened because it’s against the laws of this world, but I had been given a right to stay with you and protect you and be you partner, or whatever you want me to be, till the death tear us apart’.
‘Leave the lady alone, Walker, get into your car, and go away as fast as your old bucket can. And I won’t tell a soul.’
‘Your headlight is broken, ma’am’ The cop said and asked for the license. Dean handed it to him. His license was forged intentionally to match Dean’s feminine appearance. It said his name was Debbie Harry indeed.
‘My little brother danced to that song with his first girlfriend of their prom. I saw them. It was sweet. I almost didn’t want to throw up’.
He took his duffle bag out of the trunk. There was no surprise that all his possessions fitted in one bag.
The sins he thought about were booze, sex, blasphemy, abortion and lots of other stuff that made you life easier but, if considerate, didn't hurt anyone. But demons mostly approved homicide, massacres and death penalty; older entities of Dean's kind made people kill each other for living, so why he suddenly became so squeamish about it? He wondered if Cas' latex under garments contained holy water but decided that he would have fumes instead.
‘You have fifteen minutes, sweethearts. And if you bring anything banned from your date, I’ll shove it into your throat. Got it?’
The though that Castiel needed to put a fucking rubber pad between his tongue and Dean’s ass made Dean mad. He jerked and turned back. He sat and moved away from Castiel.
Deep inside Sam smiled. He didn’t like the guy. Well, he didn’t like Seraph Enterprise and the guy was just a skipjack asshole.
‘We’re done here, Mr. Novak’ Sam rapped out, crumpled up the document and shoved it into his bag. ‘It was nice to greet you in Kansas. Enjoy the stay, probably your only opportunity to appreciate amenities of Midwest’.
‘Jo, my wingwoman. I'm kinda new in town’ he admitted with an embarrassed look. It hit Castiel instantly and he grinned.
Dean rolled his eyes, yanked his money off the guy’s hand, dropped the lamp soundly on the counter and stormed out.
‘It’s James Novak, Seraph Enterprise, we had a meeting this morning’ James hurried to say. ‘I have just noticed a trifle that may cause a delay in our collaboration. You forgot to sign the last paper. Are you available tonight? We can fix it.’
The doctor sighed again. If Dean cared more about her professional skills he would be surely pissed off by her obvious irritancy of his stubbornness. But at that point he was already too pissed off by her entire agenda of “healing” him to pay attention on her competence.
Dean stood up. He was confused. He could reproduce that dream in his mind without a hindrance, but that time when he tried to imagine it again he was sure that he saw James’ face instead of that man. Dean couldn’t understand whether it was James’ face from the beginning or it became that after he saw him.  It was the first time he couldn’t believe his memory. And it hurt so much to understand that his firmness broke over his most precious, most infusive memory.
She told him the name of the motel James stayed in. Dean still didn’t know the number of the room, but Meg said that he can just ask a friend of her who worked there.
‘This lady came for a lamp, and she thinks I gave her the wrong one’ The guy answered swiftly. ‘Here it is’.
‘You’re an assvoegel’. Pam snorted. ‘Don’t you want to say that that gorgeous piece of a cop’s ass didn’t do you last night? Such a shame’.
Dean still was slightly dazed when he noticed that Cas was squeezing him tight around his body. Too tight, by Dean’s taste, but it gave him a vague feeling of safety.
The cop made a sign for Dean to stop, and Dean pulled to the side of the road with an irritated sigh.
‘I don’t know what are you talking about’ James said, unsure if she performed some trick to frame him up.
unlucky before. He felt like one of those silly Leslie Nielsen’s characters who had always been facing dumb obstacles and been forced to do stupid things to fix it. Even through James didn’t believe that Sam Winchester really left for Kansas, he asked the frazzled employee to get him a ticket. It was his pass to the gate zone, where he planned to meet an abject liar named Sam Winchester waiting for his little Cali plane.
‘It’s a long story, mom’ He responded to her silent question. ‘But you should know you were right – angels are watching me’.
Dean was one blink away from bursting into tears, so he chose to escape with distracting himself. He ducked under the thin sheet and started to suck Cas off thoroughly.
‘It’s actually better to make a deal with the Devil’. Sam chuckled. ‘At least you can expect him to abide the terms of his part’.
Dean didn’t realize his rim was so sensitive before Castiel did that with his tongue, and he didn’t want it to stop. Perhaps Dean wasn’t against being eaten out all night long. It could be a decent substitution to anal sex. But Dean figured that it was a way to prep him; that probably Castiel would fuck him on his saliva only, that...
Judging by her surprised face, Jo didn't expect him to come back. Dean showed her his cash, made Jo hook her arm through his, and pulled her towards the entrance.
‘Yeah, I hope you’ll like it’ Dorothy pulled her phone out and tapped something in it, and then showed it to Dean. He took her phone and looked through the Facebook post.
He heard a click, and he didn’t have to look up to understand that the bastard decided to use the gun.
‘Oh!’ Charlie almost spat her drink out. ‘I forgot! We found – I mean, Dorothy found–something for you dear’.
Kali and Gabriel were nice people. Kali was a gorgeous woman who was aware of her beauty and was very good at making men feel awkward around her; Gabriel was goofy but very personable, and crazy in love with Kali. Those two were different as hell and heaven, but somehow they matched. Dean realized that he envied them. He would kill to have someone who would look at him like those two looked at each other.
Dean understood it was very pompous to say, like he was a hero of an action movie about a ship wreck and his whole family was devoured by a whale. Good memories weren’t the only reason he loved his Baby, and it wasn't the most dramatic point of his character. Moreover, Baby was almost the only thing which was normal. He was a fucked up not-even-a-man, with a fucked up life, living in a fucked-up body and pretending to be a hot rock chick from seventies, dancing half-naked around the pole, and being hopelessly in love with a disturbingly nice cop... so, having a beloved car was the most normal thing for a man among all that crap, right?
It was James’ specialty to go straight into personal topics with strangers, like it was an afterthought. They usually gave in to his provocation and chatted freely, even feeling a bit guilty and dirty after.
‘Please, Mr. Winchester, let it be my problem, not yours’ James said brightly. His opponent was supposed to literally see him beaming through the wire. ‘I’ll call you once I’m there’.
Sam Winchester didn’t show up. James waited till the last call, and there was no one who looked like the lawyer boy. Sam Winchester wasn’t the guy you could easily lose in a crowd.
His vessel was young, strong, and handsome. It had daring green eyes, sweet girly lips, and a chiseled jaw. They said the vessel's appearance usually reflected inner talents of the demon, and Dean became proud of himself. According to his vessel's made-up background, his name was Dean Winchester, and he was an undergraduate mechanic from Kansas. His so-called parents died and he quitted school to raise his little brother named Sam.
Dean winded up in a tiny apartment with bachelor-tasted furnishings. Apart the visible layer of dust, the untidy sheets, and ringing emptiness in the fridge, it was nice. Dean snapped his fingers in attempt to fix the flaws but nothing happened. He cursed and let it be. He combed through Winchester's belongings and found bucks and a cell phone. It was perfectly enough to order takeaway. Human food was the guilty pleasure Dean looked forward to try, and he wasn't disappointed. The closest thing to tasting food was sucking human emotions, and his Pad Thai tasted like joy of a teen rebel who smoked weed for the first time.
'Just shut up and fuck me' Dean snarled. 'I bet you feel I'm loose inside, I'm ready. I'm not made of glass'.
It was below any zero respect, by James’ taste. Sam Winchester was a big lank liar. Ok, James said to himself, if he had to get through control to reveal that awful lie, he’d do it.
Dean ran so fast he hadn’t picked up the damn lamp for the Baby from Cas’ car. It was freaking ridiculous, like the destiny herself was against him fixing his beloved car.
‘Someone watched too much porn’ Castiel pulled Dean’s head away. He walked to the kitchen counter and fished a condom out of the drawer. ‘You’re the hottest thing I’ve seen since I performed my first blowjob, Dean, but still a stranger. I've been lucky today already when I've met you, don't want to try my luck again’.
‘You’re adorable’ He said and flipped Dean over like he weighted nothing. Okay, probably he put some effort, but Dean was more than willing to obey. ‘You want everything and you want it yesterday, like a needy bottom from porn. Are you a pornstar, Dean?’
‘You walked away so swiftly, I realized I said or do something wrong’ Cas said bitterly. ‘Now I see you like that and I know that something bad happened, but was it... because of me?’
Dean found a crying girl on the steps of the center. He asked her why, and she spilled her story on him. Her name was Jo, she got accidentally pregnant and had no money to pay abortion, much less to raise a baby. She had passed all the surveys and advisory sessions to find out that she was perfectly healthy and perfectly broke. She had her appointment scheduled but didn't have neither money nor courage to find it.
Dean gave head like a pro, he had had many years of practice, after all. The cop enjoyed the process. But he apparently conceited himself to be a god of sex, and he moved Dean’s head away and ordered him to strip.
‘They said I was their new doll. That I was made purposefully for pleasing. That they were gonna use me for money, and first the man – Alastair – should take a test...’ Dean stuttered and swallowed hardly. ‘Test drive. That’s how they called it’.
‘I’m actually going to Lawrence, Kansas, via Kansas City. You can meet me there if it’s vital to you to get my signature. Now I’m sorry, I’m going to board the plane; I can’t afford myself being late’.
Dean thought he was hallucinating at first. It was hard to recognize the man: last time Dean had seen him the man was wearing military clothes and a helmet and was covered in dirt, soot and blood.
'That's not what I meant' Dean said protectively and surprised himself. He was a demon, he was supposed to support those who kill for pleasure or to get something they couldn't get other way, but he realized that taking someone's life wasn't that fun for him anymore.
ean quivers at the memory. The last thing he wanted to admit was that Novak had ruined him for other men, but it was true. He was the gentlest, the most affectionate lover Dean had ever had.
‘Fuck off, you freak’ Dean yelled. ‘Jeez, I was thinking that I found something real, something nice for the first time in my fucking life, and yet I see how fucked up it’s been all the time’ He flung up his hands and grabbed his hair, rolling his eyes. He was on the borderline of hysterical laugh.
Castiel just smirked. 'You know, they usually don't test you for intestinal infections during this, right?'
Then, bargaining came. Finding himself in Lawrence Saving Path, some weird and suspiciously undenominational
Everything was extremely dusty like no one had ever put a hand on it for cleaning. It was the only reason why Dean couldn’t enjoy his new residence entirely: all cleaning of those Augean stables was now on him.
Dean nodded, though he did not get it at all. He was just glad to be able to speak to someone who was not a part of his therapist’s horror show.
Probably Dean should be closed off and detesting any form of sex right after being forced into unwanted and threatening acts with a stranger. But he wasn't. He gave up clinging to his glorious pride and supposed safety long ago. He knew his body didn't belong to him, that his borders would always be violated, and he wanted to give away the right to do it to a right person. Castiel.
He had never had a chance to feel the mouth of another person on his cock. And, oh God, he would love it. If only he could. If only.
'Ok, give me your number and I give you mine. Don't get me wrong, but I think I won't be capable of sustaining a normal date-mode like restaurants and movies, but we can still have sex and chat to know each other better. I afraid soon you will get an impression that I use you as a free fuck and a free therapist. But it was you who said he liked talked to me'.
Dean decided to react to this news by teasing Castiel. He tried to think of something really noxious.
Dean’s eyes narrowed. “I bet, but why lose any time keeping watch on Claire by watching us instead? I don’t imagine Heaven just put in a magic window in his room, ‘hey, go spy on those guys’.”
Dean’s reaction, when he saw the contents on the table in the staging area next to the mudroom, was like a thunderbolt.
Dean responded, “I know, but some of this stuff is actually useful and I’m expecting pickups from charities for the furniture. I mean — I don’t want any of that furniture. I’d like to see my own furniture again, if you know what I mean.”
Now both of the brothers were laughing, but it was fine. Castiel smiled at them both; Dean would explain the joke later, after they found and destroyed Heaven’s little electronic spies.
, and he would have said so aloud, but that was just picking a fight with a hurting angel, not a good plan.
“I’m very sorry, but my parents have been in a car accident and I’m going to have to cancel both of your appointments to get to the hospital.”
Castiel decided to be a little more like Dean. He moved toward him and tapped him on the shoulder with a gentle fist and said, with what he hoped was a jaunty air, “Because you’re paying me, Dean,” and Dean slowly smiled back.
“Sounds like you’re trying to write a plentyofish profile for me,” Dean said. He was hoarse, and he sniffed. Castiel offered him a clean and perfectly folded handkerchief from the pocket of his hoodie.
“It would also put all the hunters in the same place at the same time,” Castiel said. “SOP would be in tatters on the ground.”
The first thing the police would figure out is that they had Dr. Barnes in common. Really, he was being a dolt.
Castiel was thinking of sitting in his apartment for two days, not knowing what was happening with Dean.
Sam shuddered at the masturbation reference and said, “Were they hoping to spy on you and Castiel… like, making out or something?”
“I know I’m paying you, but this — this is really big for me. I’m trusting you to help me with this, that’s more important than the money.”
Castiel’s alarm went off at 8:00. He ate breakfast and showered if he needed to and was on the bus by 9:00, arriving by 10:00. Dean was at work, so Castiel had most of the working day to himself. He texted Dean every two hours (he was ‘scared Cas might get dominoed to death by moving boxes’, as he put it) with a couple of words, ‘All OK’, and then Dean got home around 4:30, sometimes earlier, and the two of them would work on sorting and tossing what he’d worked on that day.
“Too bad, because I’m completely done. You lied to me and you’re a shitty lover with bad communication skills,” Castiel said. He knew he sounded prissy, but he
“I thought being a top meant being the dominant personality,” Castiel said humbly. “It’s pretty obvious who the alpha male is.”
Castiel was not amused by the smugness of his expression, and Dean didn’t care. “I’d be flattered, but your feelings are natural. I’m a Winchester boy, and between us we pretty much got the sexy times covered.”
“Well, it’s not like the requirement for those is going to go away anytime soon,” Dean said soothingly.
“Let’s look at the view,” Dean said. He was going to do something stupid, even though Castiel had a point, as always, and they had a good thing going. He’d occasionally entertained fantasies about Castiel too, usually when he made the mistake of trying to jerk off when he was maybe a
After he got off the phone, Dean joined him in the basement. The stairs were practically blocked, and apart from a path to the furnace and the hot water heater and the sump pump and the stacked washer/dryer, the basement was bung-full to the rafters. It was, candidly, almost scary.
Dean hadn’t survived a trying and violent life by being unable to think both tactically and strategically. And wasn’t the War Against Heaven over? or was this yet another stupid angel ploy to try to get intel?
The last Apocalypse had been averted thanks to sweetly timed and epically badass team play from the elite squad, including Castiel. He’d flown off — like he always did after a hunt — wouldn’t even hang around for a drink — but if Dean stayed quiet Castiel would return soon, with his same ol’ crinkle-faced confusion and the same dark’n’snarky humor he always handed out, when he bothered to even try to be funny.
“I’d like you to think about your masculinity in something other than societal terms,” Castiel said painfully.
Castiel said, “Your Jimmy from this Heaven wants to control this vessel and speak to you.” He sat still, gasping a little.
Men didn’t walk up to their bosses and say, “I’m in love with you, you are the perfect human being, and you are even so perfect that you have an imperfection which you think I can help fix and I’m not even going to think beyond the end of this job so I’m just going to enjoy this.”
“I’ll let you make that determination,” Dean said. He smiled, a strange little half smile, and gave Castiel a wave as he left.
The top floor of the house, except for pathways cleared between the bathroom and bedrooms, and the main floor except for pathways cleared between, kitchen, sofa and front door, were both entirely stuffed with boxes, storage containers, furniture and an assortment of stacked and random items which would usually be characterized as ‘useless junk’.
Dean sat up, almost panicking, and then remembered that Sam had had months to get used to Winchester+Angel rev 2.0, and that everybody knew that Castiel was asexual. A cuddler and sometimes as affectionate as a kitten but not really a sexual creature.
He couldn’t have been more considerate and volcanically sexy and sweet if Castiel had planned it, and he made Castiel feel that way too. He dressed, sighing that he had to get back into dirty clothes, and went out to the kitchen with stars in his eyes.
“Dean, car ownership and the ability to drive are not the be-all and end-all of masculine prowess. I didn’t have to drive because one of the family’s poorer relations drove us back and forth to work in a mini-bus. We were expected to work on the way to work and on the way back.”
The first sets of boxes he opened were from stepfather Bobby’s estate. They were mostly books, boxes and boxes of hardcover thrillers and paperback westerns, and four hundred VHS movies with faded, curling cardboard sleeves. That all seemed very ordinary. He checked on-line to see if any of the books or VHS tapes which were in good shape were collectors’ items, and they were not. Then he opened a box that appeared to be full of satanic ritual items and Castiel, being alone, and having had his ears stuffed with every kind of wacky anti-idolatry nonsense his parents’ pastor could emit like a volcano of bilious piety every Sunday for two decades, was actively frightened by them and closed the box to bolt upstairs and fetch himself some equanimity along with his coffee.
“Can Castiel hear what you’re saying?” Dean asked after recovering. There was a nod. Jimmy’s expression was so much more open and mobile. It freaked Dean out, whenever he even thought about someone else in there, in Castiel’s body. In reality, it was far, far worse.
“Heaven was watching, and I got to see. And by Heaven I mean Naomi. She’s got a thing for the new Castiel. She always hated the old one, a little bit, because he was so good at defying her but — he always found a way to help; made her look bad. I don’t like her but I sure respect her.”
“You make a choice to talk, or you make a choice to be quiet. When you choose to be quiet you’re letting other people talk. Unlike Charlie.”
“He doesn’t really understand that our relationship is one of close and affectionate siblings,” Castiel said.
“I was trying to be funny,” Castiel said in a very stiff voice, very unlike how he’d sounded earlier. “If I accepted that you calling me pompous was gentle teasing, then I thought I could respond in kind.”
“Because he was poor. She couldn’t ignore him because she thought people would talk, but she made sure he knew of his status every day. I used to take food from catered events for him — Gabe and Inias did too, although Gabe usually ended up eating them himself before handing them over — and then my mother caught me and that with my being unsure of my sexuality got me sent me to a very expensive Christian sanitarium.”
“What,” Castiel said, openly mocking, “You think you’d give up hunting to be a father? You’d find a surrogate.”
Pink-faced with embarrassment, Castiel realized that if he decided to speak about his preferences, hints about his true feelings would probably follow. So he said, without much emphasis, “It is absolutely no business of yours and if you’re my employer it’s sexual harassment and while I appreciate you sharing your meal and company with me, sexuality is not really an appropriate topic.”
Dean was a very thoughtful man, considerate of others. He made it look easy. Castiel studied that, trying to learn how he did it. He shivered, drank his coffee, and forced himself to look at the box again.
Dean had touched him and it was wonderful. He was trying not to act giddy about what Dean had come home to and what he’d done.
“Well, now,” Castiel said. “That’s very flattering. I find you very attractive too, but I’d rather take my chances with someone who doesn’t hate himself for having sex with me.”
He’d been kind. He’d offered him a job. Castiel then overthought that. Maybe the job was something disgusting, like ripping up flooring. Maybe Dean was just trying to get him over there to assault and murder him.
Dean fidgeted for a while. Cas' tenderness was overwhelming, and he didn't want to feel it for too long for not to think about if he was worthy.
‘I need this’ he said briefly as he handed a specification note to the guy at the auto shop. The guy looked at it, totally puzzled, and brought a lamp. Wrong one, Dean understood at the first glance.
‘Careful what you’re wish for’ Castiel said and fisted Dean’s hair. Presicely the human's remark in a conversation with a demon, not otherwise.
And then the dreams came. It was the same every night he saw it: everything was on fire, unbearable pain stung his entire body, and his mind was about to literally boil; it felt like ages but after that a man put a hand on his left shoulder and that horror stopped. Dean couldn’t recall the succession of events and conceded that some of his memory could really be made up by twists of his damaged brain, but he was sure that that man saved him that day.
Dean was puzzled, and he needed time for himself before the late evening session with the therapist. He didn’t expect any guest, especially that woman.
He went upstairs, lock the door of his room, put on the most feminine piece of clothes he had – a teddy – and fished out a bottle of Jack from the bottom drawer. He opened the bottle and sucked onto the neck, feeling the whiskey burning smooth flames all along his throat.
He was lucky to get a male body though he was on the brink of getting into girl's skin. The rules of hell prescribed to undergo examination of the inner core before getting a carrier. Dean definitely did not eavesdropped, but the elders were hesitating before appointing him a vessel.
'I'm not going to date you. And if this is a shot to bang me once more, give up. This chapter is closed for me, blah-blah-blah'.
‘You were an emergency response worker or paramedic, I don’t know. Some military. You used to serve, right?’
‘Yeap.’ She confirmed. ‘Because you remind me of my little brother. His name was Clarence. Even more weird.’
‘I saw him again’ Dean said, accommodating his hand on his lap. ‘Last night. You can say whatever, but I’m adamant that he saved me
Dean was risking of going mad of frustration, so he sublimated that what he couldn’t have. He approached to Castiel, grabbed his hair and tugged closer. The man was taller, so Dean had to raise himself on tiptoes as he kissed him painfully, almost smashing their jaws to each other. Cas gave in, and for brief moments Dean was enjoying his leadership; Cas’ tongue was tentative and obedient; it felt like he would do whatever it would take to pleasure his perfect creature.
‘Well’, Sam coughed. ‘If I am right, and you are right, and we both are simultaneously right… it might just mean that we are talking about different things’.
‘There’s one more thing I can do’ he heard Cas’ low voice. ‘I hoped I wouldn’t have to do it, but it was actually... what I was instructed to do after it happened’.
Cas' bedroom wasn't something special or even tidy, the bed was unmade and not so fresh, but Dean didn't give a fuck. He pulled with t-shirt off and got on all his forth in the bed, impatiently waiting for Cas to come and fuck him. He lowered his head and exposed his ass, hoping that it wouldn't take long till Cas would take him mercilessly and make him forget about everything else.
‘I’m sure that it’s the right one. Maybe… that one who wrote this for you should come here in person?’
From all people who had talked to Dean since he got there, that girl was both the most lunatic and the most prudent one. But Dean knew too well what it meant ‘to be a good boy’ in there. It meant to play along. They often asked him to play along with their freaking ideas, and then threw him a bone pretending that that was the very thing he needed. Dean’s therapist considered an opportunity to say what Dean thought was true as a reward for him. He was used not to hope for more. But the girl’s speech sounded… different.
'I owe you an apology' Castiel chuckled, and Dean gawked at him in surprise. 'At first, I had an impression that you're a closeted guy who is cruising for his first time, and now I can clearly see that I was wrong. My bad'.
Pam shrugged. She could be nosy, but she wasn’t pushy. She knew where to stop, and Dean wasn’t in the mood to talk about it.
‘9/11? I’m not sure…’ he said, thinking. James remembered where he was when he had heard about it. It was right after he had been appointed to lead his first department. That day he was not in his office because he had to reach a client, and it was fucking hard to find him in the suburbs of Chicago. James had ended up in some shitty part of the city, in the basement, where the guy was hiding. The contract had gone to the dickens, by the way. And James’ boss was fired after that.
She looked like a perfect target, and Dean didn't hesitate. He told her to wait for him and darted to the closest supermarket where he got a five finger discount from a pocket of a heedless guy. He tested the guy's credit card on the closest cash machine, and to no one's surprise, its password matched the guy's birthday.
And again, Dean should have stopped putting imaginary thoughts in Cas' part. The man surprised him again.
Cas was big, and in the beginning Dean had hated it. Hung guys were usually literal pain in the ass, due to their macho behavior that brought zero pleasure and rather left Dean irritated and sore. But Cas, Cas was big and attentive. Dean could bet he didn’t even slide down to the root because he was afraid to hurt Dean, and Dean loved and hated it at the same time.
The second that Cas needed to take out of Dean and stand up Dean used to get rid of his jeans and briefs and stepped out of the crumpled-up fabric on the floor.
‘It’s a price we pay for not losing our business’ Sam smiled weakly. He knew that he would pay for that impertinence, but he couldn’t stop. He should go and break some shop windows, or punch some faces in a bar, but he was ruining the deal and his career instead. But he just couldn’t stop. He needed some justice in the end. If his brother is doomed to die not recognizing his own nephew, so why should he care about such an insignificant moment of another’s business?
“Yes, we believe it’s two ghosts but they should be tied to an object since the emf didn’t go crazy. Did the sheriff see anything or heard something?” Dean asked as they got back into the car.
“You have to meet the boys,” she urged before pulling him along on his sleeve, Dean following behind. They approached a group of three boys sitting on a grey couch, chatting excitedly.
Cas could see that Dean was starting to get irritated with his brother’s annoying behaviour and he was starting to regret this idea.
The dinner went by quickly, except when Dean had put salt into his water when Cas had gone to the bathroom. Cas didn’t suspect anything when he took a big sip from his glass, though he immediately regretted it. He coughed as he swallowed, trying not to raise too much attention to them. When he looked back at Dean, he was snickering, having a hard time suppressing his laughter.
After that little scene in the auto shop Dean got into his beloved car and headed to the place where he could find the lamp he needed without being lectured about neurobiology. It was in another town, but the owner, Benny, was a good guy, and he would find exactly what Dean wanted without any stupid remarks.
‘Guardian angels are not allowed to intervene in human lives outright. It took long time for me to beg for the permission’.
‘Is he little, right? How old is he?’ James continued to chat his way through Sam Winchester’s personal defense.
She silently pointed to the screen of the muted TV that was hanging above the bar counter. James narrowed his eyes to be able to read the travelling line beneath the face of the anchorwoman.
‘I’m not kidding at all. I never knew that could happen. You were my favorite one. Your soul...’ Cas pronounced the last word with a dreamy expression on his face. ‘It was the most beautiful thing that I’ve ever seen. And I couldn’t help but... fell in love with it. With you. And I wasn’t allowed to, so I decided to look away for a second, just to distract myself, to collect my thoughts, to be able to look at you without... passion. And when I turned back, I saw what happened, and... if I could die, I would then’.
The last thing he remembered of living in Lawrence was the fire. He, Sam and his dad left Kansas a week after their mother died in that fire.
‘I said strip down’ the man hissed, and Dean just sighed. It looked like his life was going to end. There was still a futile chance that the bastard liked castrates, but apart for the iffy miracle, all chances were Dean to be shot.
Being a crafty social bitch, James had conversations about children really often: it was a common soft spot of young parents who hadn’t have a chance to spoil relationships with their offspring yet. But sometimes, especially when it was coming to a little-sons-related small talk, he felt some vague uneasiness. His intricate psycho literature tended to think that he probably had had a very bed episode in his childhood and that was the reason why he sometimes felt uncomfortable speaking about kids of the same gender and age; but James had never had a wish to discuss that with a professional. It wasn’t that important, in the end.
It was hope. Cas liked Dean and he hoped Dean would like him too, but he was too smart to say it out loud.
The idea of his next attraction came to him naturally as he watched his date dressing up. Human girl of genital age had an enhanced package of sins. Among others, it included abortion. Dean knew things about people and knew that no force in the world, human or inhuman, could make a woman who wants a child to get rid of it. But he could help the girl who wanted it. He googled a family planning center and found out that one was close next to his place.
‘Good morning’ the guy said. ‘My name is Sam Winchester; I am the representative of Morningstar Enterprise’.
‘You’re hinting at that you have to be obliged to undersign papers with you blood just not to forget to do it?’
Jo entered the room, putting her running sneakers off, stepping on her heels. Her hair was sticky with sweat, as well as her tank top and shorts. As opposed to Pam and Dean, Jo was a sports fan, while Pam said the best wellness was steak, glass of red wine, and a full bowl of ice cream. When Jo had tried to involve Dean in her godawful activities, he had switched on his black humor and rebuffed, saying that she couldn’t ask an amputee to be her fitness companion. They had laughed their asses off after that.
‘Lovers play’ Dean snapped as he got into his car. Novak didn’t let him shut the door as he stood next to the driver’s seat.
Well, that man was a pure piece of art. He was almost as tall as Dean was; lean, with athletic bearing, with chiseled features and disheveled black hair. He wore a rumpled white linen shirt and scruffy jeans; the shirt looked like two days old, but it was still sharply white, while jeans were really old and wore. Moreover, the guy was walking barefoot.
'And very dangerous' Cas agreed. 'And with all your eagerness and beauty I appreciate, sore urethra is still a thing I don't want to have'.
James could tell for sure that he had never failed like that. It was clear in his mind that he had been lucky for his entire life. His plans had never worked out badly. That wasn’t his life…
The therapist said that Dean was kind of obsessed by fires, because they showed up in most of his deliria. Predictably, she connected that what she called ‘obsession’ with Dean’s probable proclivity to rapes.
It was all his life, like they pictured it in movies when a hero is dying and his whole life path flashed before him. But Dean saw it from the different point. Like some different Dean was living his life instead of him, and he himself was just an observer. The other Dean lived right to the moment when everything happened, but Dean lost the track of his own life the minute before. Next thing he saw was him lying on the table with a bandage between his legs.
With all that background, Dean could say Cas was the most vanilla person he'd ever seen. And vanilla was what he needed.
‘I don’t care’ Dean snarled. ‘My life was over years ago, dude. I can’t even proclaim myself a dead man walking cause I’m no man’.
. Dean realized that he had to change everything, from faucets to pipes. They stunk unless water was on.
Dean realized breakfast went too far when he found himself pressed to the doorpost of Cas' front door with Cas' lips on his neck. Cas nestled up to him from behind, and Dean felt his dick pressing against the small of Dean's back, hard and hot. Dean whined at the sensation. He remembered their previous sex, how thick Cas felt inside him and how tender he was, and wanted to feel it over again. Dean never considered himself lucky, not with the situation he had gotten into, but his bisexuality stood him in good stand. The only way he could get off now still could be more or less natural.
'Sort of' Dean gulped. 'But I don't want to be good. Sin is beautiful, you know. I actually want myself and everyone to be able to sin left and right if they feel like doing it. No restrains, you know'.
Dean reluctantly complied and got out. It was already dark, and he had to turn off the ignition, so the only light left was the one from the cop’s car.
It wasn’t any better; both sides of Castiel made Dean want to sign up to extend his duties to obligation to warm the master’s bed up.
‘Ma boy, ma boy, don’t lie to me, when did you sleep last time?’ Dorothy sung to the tune of Nirvana’s
‘Wanted to feel your mouth on me’ Dean snapped. ‘So, does lady have to wait for you forever?’ He asked impatiently, and Castiel readily followed his steps.
Dean really wanted to lose all his senses in vigorous cleaning, but he had to take shelter in his shitty bathroom to jerk off, thinking about Cas ordering him to get on all forth and using his ass like it was his property.
He didn’t share his deep thought with anybody because when he tried to put that into words it sounded like bragging: look at me, I preponderate over you and don’t even want it. Ha-ha, loser. He calmed himself down with a thought that that was damnation for all people with high IQ: to be fluent in processes everyone else stammered at and feel alienated because of it. He had read it out from a book with a name he didn’t even remember, some self-help shit that all businesspeople devoured with gusto.
They went to Illinois. Their car was first, and Dean followed them on his big black Chevrolet Impala. His only proviso was to be able to take his Baby with him. He wasn’t supposed to bring his own car at first, but then Gabriel said that his brother had enough space for another car in his garage.
Dean didn’t want to initiate anyone into his story, especially such a stranger. But he wanted to spill it out finally. And who he could tell it to if not Cas? He was the only person who wasn’t scared away whatever happened.
‘You were so nice last night, what’s happened? Where did the passion go?’ Sam mocked the guy, but it was just because he was extremely tired. He hadn’t slept a wink last night.
‘O-oh…’ Sam Winchester sighed heavily. ‘Actually, I’m about to leave Chicago in two hours. Already at the airport. Probably we can postpone…’
‘I don’t know. It’s you who’re a clever fellow, not me. What does your ‘Critique of pure reason’ say about it?‘ Dean wiggled his fingers in the air like he was telling a spooky story by the fire.
‘It was how I saw your life. The moment it happened... I turned my eyes away.’ Cas said with bitterness in his voice.
‘He’s five, and I’ve left him just –‘ Dean cursed his dumbness before he finished the phrase. His fake Debby persona was twenty-one, and she had just become an underage mother to her non-existent son.
‘No! Stop it!’ Although Dean’s dick wasn’t that hard anymore he still was horny and didn’t want to lose that feeling completely. ‘I believe you. Just go on, okay?’
‘Please, Dean. It’s not what you’re thinking about. I won’t hurt you, please, just let me show you’.
When Cas finally slid in, Dean bit his lip, but it wasn't because of pain. There was no pain at all - all Dean's muscles were loose and relaxed in Cas' arms, he felt almost like no bones left in his limbs anymore. Dean could hardly bear that intense pleasure that he felt. The pleasure wasn't just physical. Something on the place of his heart was trepidating like a piece of fabric in the wind. Cas was behind him, holding him tight, thrusting his hips slowly, in and out. With every move Cas’ dick pressed onto Dean’s prostate, sending pleasure throughout his whole body.
‘Gin tonic, please’ he said, and the guy doubled it. As the bartender sat their rocks on the bar, the guy moved one towards Dean and said:
In his eyes, Dean saw something that he had never seen before. The man lied, and it was obvious, everyone lied to Dean in that world. But the man was aware of his lying. He looked like a person who had something to hide and who was about to be debunked.
It easily took two and three fingers, to Castiel’s big amusement. Dean was on all fourth already, with his eyes in the air, pliant to all Castiel’s actions. Four fingers fitted him perfectly; neither had he felt the burn nor pain, his rim just stretched pleasingly around Castiel’s fingers.
Dean didn't know where he took it from but Castiel was obviously a perfect object to sin with, so probably it was because Dean was dying to have another round.
And again, Dean saw his cock and died inside. He felt like his own dick was throbbing in his sweatpants, but thanks to the big baggy T-shirt he put on to clean, his problem was invisible to Castiel.
Cas dared to throw his gaze up, and he looked lost. At first, he didn’t understand anything Dean said. But eventually, he realized what was happening. Dean didn’t believe him. Dean, his wonderful, perfect Dean had seen thousands of psychos, and he couldn’t trust a person like Cas. Not like that.
Dean couldn't understand why he became so troubled about saying what people wanted him to say, but he suddenly felt weird about using the d-word.
James Novak was one of those fanciful originals who were always content. It would be a shame if he wasn’t, because his life seemed to be something that hundreds of people would crave for: well-deserved position in Seraph Enterprise, huge, tastefully appointed apartment in an area of good address, smoking hot appearance, unchallenged reputation and an alluring status of an answer to a maiden's prayer. His dentist though that James Novak had sold his soul to the devil because of his flawless smile; even if the lower row was a little crooked, it looked rather charming than something that should be fixed. James Novak was polite, assertive, with exquisite sense of humor, masculine as needed, but confident showing his feminine side, with disarming needle phobia – that was how their company psychologist had described him in her annual report. She was, obviously, slightly rapt by him as well as bunches of women and some men were.
‘What?’ He asked without turning around, and giggling disappeared along with its owner. Castiel looked at Dean, his lips red and swollen, and bit the bottom one.
‘E-e-eh…’ Dean felt deadlocked for a moment. He didn’t remember how old his brother was. To be honest, he didn’t even remember how old
‘Yeah, blah-blah-blah, let me guess: she said that I said that the last time I saw my mysterious savior, we were plotting to kill the mightiest person in the world?’
, but no one asks me’ Gabriel chuckled. ‘So, Dean, it’s the last call for you to refuse, or you’re responsible for this nerd from now on’.
‘He has been waiting for more than a century and he doesn’t even expect to meet his ancestors. He’d wait for ten more minutes’ Cas said mischievously and pulled Dean into his arms.
Cas didn't ask him about yesterday. Frankly, Cas had never asked him a single awkward question. And Dean could be asked lots. What had happened to your dick and balls? Why do you live as a woman? How do you feel about being almost killed by a dirty cop, sweetie? Nothing. Cas didn't ask a thing, and Dean was grateful. He had done his very best to made peace with the weirdness of his whole situation, and he couldnt sustain being obliged to put it into decent, normal words.
'So, bedroom' Castiel said abruptly and his hands disappeared only to be placed on Dean's shoulders to direct him. Dean was happy to oblige.
All Cas' dominant demeanor disappeared in his nervousness while he was saying that to Dean. That was a usual thing Dean was familiar with, but it was usual mostly for liars, and Cas wasn't one. Dean's demonic nature managed to catch a glimpse of fear and something more futile and warm waving right from the middle of Cas' chest.
‘You did a good job to get me too fucked to fight. But let that guff come out of your mouth again, and even your cop friends wouldn’t find your disjointed body’.
He didn’t blame them for mistaking him for a girl: actually, he did a good job to look like one. His hair was short for a girl, but way longer than a regular boy cut, dyed blond; he usually wore heavy makeup and dark nail polish, and through his favorite clothes were t-shirts with music bands and worn jeans, his entire appearance still was quite feminine. Dean adopted the iconic look of Debbie Harry in her best years as inspiration. It was smoking hot and badass enough for him to accept his… circumstances.
When he heard the knock, Dean first thought that he was daydreaming. But the knock came again, and Dean snapped:
Everything about the whole situation was weird. Dean was supposed to make Castiel feel uncomfortable, to wake his darkest desires, and he stuttered and hastened to find a decent answer instead. Maybe that was what they meant when they said every demon needed 'human experience': it wasn't just about messing with natural order of things, it was more about walking in some regular human's shoes. And a regular human could stutter, if such a gorgeous and experienced piece of a man asking him questions in-between fucking.
‘Hello, Dean. You’re headlight is still broken’. That disarming coy smile, again. ‘I thought I could drive you to the auto shop so you could buy a new one without any... accidents’. Dean chuckled thoughtlessly when Cas called it ‘accident’. Really, nothing special, he just had been almost shot by his rapist.
‘It’s some godforsaken place in Illinois, Dorothy. I can’t just go there and leave everything, my life, my friends…’
He didn’t have to tell twice. Cas bottomed out immediately with a long, violent motion, and started to thrust as hard and fast as it was possible on their chick-flick position. Dean winced as he realized that his rim was being ruined relentlessly. He loved Cas wrecking his hole. He realized that he wouldn’t mind to find some blood traces on the sheets after they’re done.
'No, I'm a lawyer' Cas finally leaned on his elbow and came closer to Dean, so Dean could reach his shoulders and nuzzle his neck. 'And what about you? What do you do for living?'
'I will. Just not like that' and Dean felt Cas' hands to push him down and turn around. Cas put Dean on his side, and laid down behind his back, making Dean a little spoon. Cas' strong hand was spread across Dean's body, and Cas' lips were pressed to Dean's nape. It was a mawkishly sweet action, and Dean wanted so hard to mock it, but at the same time he felt like he could cry because he had never felt so protected in his whole stupid life.
Dean decided to start with cleaning. He found everything in a cuddy in the end of the floor. Dean spent almost three hours on his own rooms and decided to make a break. He emptied the bucket, shoved his sponge and cloth into it and took it to put back where they belonged.
Right at the moment he exited his room, with yellow rubber gloves on and a bucket in his hand, Dean saw Castiel.
Here in the Roadhouse everybody knew Officer Novak. Unlike it usually happened to cops and strip bars, he wasn’t famous because of his escapades, he was famous because of Dean. Debby, to be correct.
‘You’re astonishing’ Cas said when he saw Dean, through Dean didn’t put very much efforts into his look.
After the long and detailed interview, Dean was hired. He didn’t have a chance to meet his soon-to-be employer in person.
‘I’m sorry. It’s not what I asked for’ He said politely. Kids probably weren't that bad: people were just stupid in general.
‘My brain is overloaded already and I’m not into sport’ He said as if Dean was accusing him of bad taste.
The reason why Dean hated those jerks was their belief that brain depends on genitals. Because if so, Dean had none. He literally looked like a ken doll below his waist. Something had happened to him long ago, and he couldn’t live a regular life since then.
It’s wasn’t a big surprise that a man... woman... no, rather man like him ended up in a strip bar. He was just very lucky not to end up in some shitty sex-selling drug-infused hole under a pimp’s thumb. Through the owner benefited much from abusing men’s oblivious confidence that all women’s body belonged to them, it was more of an artistic enterprise than anything else. Jo, the owner, was a budding professional pole dancer, and for her it was just as distasteful as it was for a music student to write radio jingles for living.
It was gross. That type of gross when you should think whether you’re a part of a horror movie or a reality show.
Dean decided to deal with it later. He could get a master degree in dealing with things he wanted and couldn't get, and wonderful sex wasn't something that grew on trees.
'I'm not' Cas' said suddenly. 'Religious, I mean. My parents are, but I have never felt like sharing their views. The only moral compass I have is my confidence that no person can treat another person like their possessions, unless directly asked to'.
‘That’s what you see - it’s healed already. It’s not that awful. Better than it was, I mean. When they took the bandage off, it was all read and blue. And stitches... I didn’t know who did it, but it wasn’t the best plastic surgeon in the universe, believe me’ Dean chuckled sorely. He looked furtively at Cas’ face, trying to see a glimpse of pity or disgust. But there wasn’t any of it – but the real, unbearable pain was, as if Cas had just walked through time and stepped in Dean’s shoes.
James was thinking anxiously. If it had happened just yesterday, he would go and force her into letting him in without a second thought. He didn’t feel that lucky now.
was, but they were next to each other in that album, so Dean couldn’t avoid knowing it anyway. They probably had an hour of old music on that channel, because next song was of
Dean froze. He never told it to anyone, not even Jo and Pam. They thought he was just a fan of Debbie Harry, and he totally was, but he’d never told them the whole story.
Castiel got rid of the full condom with a graceful move and came back to bed. He sat on the edge of the bed and Dean couldn’t help but stare Castiel's broad frame. Those people who came to the brilliant idea to call sin ugly were probably distinguished hypocrites. Dean's personal sin was build like a god.
‘I… I… what about love life? Sex, in the end?’ Dean knew that his argument was pathetic. He didn’t have to hide in the depth of Illinois to avoid having sex. He was very successful at it being where he was.
‘I think you’re exaggerating, Mr. Winchester’ He smiled ‘The flight to California is in an hour and a half’.
He could have a closer look on James: the guy was in the same clothes Dean saw him in the morning, looked tired and disheveled, but he didn’t look like a man who was sleeping five minutes ago. The bed was made neatly.
‘I’m… I’m good with that, no problem’ Dean mumbled. He was a good guy, but he had never been that polite. His manners were playing on the side of his dick, not his self-esteem.
‘I expect you to be polite with Dean and to shake his hand at least, come on’ Gabriel rolled his eyes, and his brother obliged. He extended his hand and Dean hurried to shake it.
Dean moaned. Castiel’s dick was huge and thick, pounding into Dean’s ass perfectly. It took one or two strokes of Castiel’s strong hand on Dean’s dick for Dean to come, and his rim clenched tightly around Castiel’s girth, milking it furiously.
‘What do you want me to do, sir?’ He asked innocently. It wasn’t the first time he was demanded for such things, nor was it the first time he was going to agree.
Cas woke up too late to do something about his body’s reaction, and he came right into Dean’s greedy mouth because Dean didn’t bother to use protection.
‘Well, dear brother’ Dean heard Gabriel’s voice. ‘Here I have the privilege to introduce Dean Winchester, your new help and savior, please give him a warm welcome’.
speak about different things. Have you ever thought that maybe… I am another Dean? Like some twilight zone or something?’
‘What is that?’ James couldn’t help but say. Well, the guy was nuts, and he could hurt himself as much as he liked, but it was highly improbable for a living person to render a burn in a shape of a human palm. Winchester would have needed a cliché what would have followed the shape to a single line on skin. And they were not in a sci-fi movie, after all.
The world would be better without him. Why had he even been rescued, in the first place? He should have died there, and that dirty armpit he was placed just to be changed forever. He wasn’t meant to live. All those years of fruitless efforts to be someone, years of wearing Debbie Harry all over his pitiful self, years of hectic sex life, years of hiding like a fucking witch during inquisition era – all was in vain. It was his life borrowed, and he would never be able to pay his debt.
He told his therapist about that. He also mentioned, though he wasn’t sure and rested upon her patchy data, that rapists were people who enjoyer fire and had urge to start it, while he, real or fantasy one, had suffered any time he had dealt with fire. Needless to say, that the therapist seized her chance and declared that Dean probably was raped in his past and his fake memory was how his mind was struggling through that trauma.
‘I’d love to show you but we’ll be late’ Dean said, and after Cas’ questioning look, continued ‘Family thing, you know. Greeting Sam’s great-grandson. He died at 130. Jeez!’
Being a woman was easier than being the man he actually was. His accident – totally intentional, in fact, it was just not his intention – happened to him when he was fourteen, and he hadn’t grown an inch since that day. His body was soft and slightly curved, his hands and feet were smaller that they should be. His voice was deep but not masculine. He was still strong, but
' Sam sent and added an emoji. Probably they were good, Dean thought. He needed to take a thorough preparation then.
“Some boys cornered me as I was walking to the parking lot and wanted to I don’t know , I guess have fun or whatever. If he hadn’t been here, I didn’t know what would have happened,” Sam said gesturing towards Cas. This was the first time Dean acknowledged him, turning his full attention towards the blue-eyes boy.
“Alright, little bro. I’ll go and check out this huge bunker. See ya.” He said and then left, leaving Cas to his own thoughts.
"Are you kidding me. You told your brother everything and I know how much strength it takes to relieve painful memories" Dean's hand reached out and cupped Castiel's cheek, stroking his thumb over his cheekbone and Cas leaned into the touch.
He told her everything that had happened and when he finished she said "you have to send him a message"
“I just realized that I haven’t thought about my younger siblings at all,” he said regretfully, “I don’t want them to live with mom but I also don’t want them to go to a foster home.” Dean’s hand reached out and caressed his cheek letting Cas lean into the touch.
“I am not hungry” Dean stated as he stood up, putting his breakfast back on the plate and leaving the living room, going into Castiel’s bedroom.
“Thanks, Cas. I don’t know what to say. I want to take you to dinner for helping my brother,” he suddenly suggested. Castiel’s eyes widened slightly.
“Cas?” he asked and when Cas didn’t respond he shifted so that his face was only inches away from Castiel’s.
Arriving at the scene, the three got out and made their way to the house. A few cops were already there. Dean walked up to them and flashed his badge, telling them that they were from the FBI and were here because of the two dead bodies. The officers let them in and they split up, Sam talking to the police a bit more and Cas and Dean checking out the inside of the house.
“Nope.” He simply answered and kissed along his jaw and down his neck. Cas let out a soft gasp and leaned his head back to give Dean more access. Dean smirked against his neck, knowing how sensitive it was. Dean smirked and bit it softly before licking over the sting to soothe it.
“Mrs. Novak was charged with complicity and will be sent to the Topeka Correctional Facility for six months with the opportunity to get probation. As for Mr. Novak and Mr. Novak Jr., you will be sent to the El Dorado Correctional Facility. Regarding the charges you have been found guilty of, you will stay there for three years with no opportunity of probation.” The judge said before letting his hammer fall, dismissing everybody. Cas jumped up and ran towards Dean, letting his tears of joy run freely down his face as he all but threw himself onto the other boy, who caught him, pressing him against his body. They stayed like this for a few seconds before Dean pulled away slightly before pressing their lips together. Cas melted against Dean's lips. When they pulled away both of them were smiling brightly, not able to hold their happiness inside.
“Do you really think you can intimidate me?” he asked angrily. Alastair’s grin widened even more but before he could say something, someone started saying through the speakers,
were the exact words of the text. Cas just stared at the screen for a few seconds. He couldn't believe this was really happening. This guy had given him his number and now he was texting with him. Cas didn't know how to respond. Should he just write
The movie had already begun when they sneaked inside. Their seats were at the back of the theater and they had to sneak in, trying to be as quiet as possible. The first half of the movie went by easy since nothing special had happened. At the scene were Wendy hides in her room and Johnny bursts through the door with the ax, Cas almost jumps in his seat, not expecting this. Dean looks at him a slightly amused smile playing at the corner of his lips. Without thinking Cas reached out and took Dean’s hand, intertwining their fingers, Dean giving him a light squeeze.
“No Dean I want to show them to you. Especially before you see them on those pictures in court.” Dean touched the side of Castiel’s face, caressing his cheek with his thumb.
Dean stumbled backward but didn't lose his balance. At least that had gotten some distance between them. He looked at his father who was still not able to stand straight properly. Cas wanted to do something but he knew that it wouldn't be a good idea. He looked at Dean. His face was hard and his hands were clenched into fists. "Where do you think you are going!" his father asked angrily.
“Nope, not happening, jerk. And now let’s go. Don’t want to leave our angels waiting.” He said and left before Dean could comment on the fact that Cas wasn’t
“Are you okay?” he asked as he took a sip from his water. Cas only nodded, not trusting his voice to speak.
One night they were woken up by a noise coming from downstairs. Cas turned towards Dean who was already out of bed. "Where are you going" Cas asked with a sleepy voice. "I'll be right back" was the only thing Dean said before exiting the room. Cas had fallen asleep and when he woke up the next morning, Dean was next to him. He smiled before standing up and heading for the shower. The water was hot against his skin but he didn't care. When he finished he walked over to the sink and splashed some cold water on his face. He looked at himself in the mirror and thought that he looked healthier than before  which made him happy. After getting dressed he walked downstairs to find the living room and the kitchen empty. A note was on the kitchen counter.
“In a bit, love. First…” He trailed off as he pulled away enough and took Cas’ hand in his, slipping the ring on his finger. It fit perfectly. Cas stared at it with teary eyes.
They spent the rest of the day, walking around in the city and exploring a lot of the sightseeing places like
The moment Dean had walked into the room that evening, Cas knew this would be a long night. He looked beautiful and the red of his shirt was accentuating his emerald green eyes. Almost two hours later and Cas was right. He was sitting opposite of Dean and he could barely control the urge to kiss him. He knew he couldn’t though; not only because they were on a case but also because Dean was not into him.
“You know, Sammykins, when this is over what do you say I take you to a nice bar, get a drink?” Gabe asked with a smirk. Even in the low light, Cas saw the younger Winchester blush and duck his head.
“Dean I… oh sorry guys,” Sam said as he opened the door and then quickly left the room, after realizing that he was interrupting them. Dean almost jumped off of Cas, shocked, a hot blush creeping up his already heated face. Castiel froze, his eyes slightly widened with shock and a lot of embarrassment.
“Cas wake up we’re here,” Dean’s voice said and Cas slowly opened his eyes, adjusting to the light inside the car and the pure darkness outside.
opened and every few years, people who visited it got killed within an hour of leaving. Most people thought it was because they were too inebriated and did stupid things or weren’t careful but one witness says that the room suddenly got cold and lights flickered-”
“Awesome, count us in.” Dean said and Castiel agreed, telling them that they would be there at 10:30 pm. They spent the rest of the day at home, everybody too exhausted to go out.
“Hey Castiel,” his brother began, “I have to tell you something.” Castiel’s heart started beating faster, nervous about what his brother would say next.
“Tell me and you’ll get it… get me kneeling between your legs… have you ride me…” He coaxed. Dean whined, almost spilling his secret but catching himself in the last second. He straightened up a bit, grinning at Cas before reversing their positions.
“Wait… we played Uno?” he asked not remembering at all. Dean just nodded and Castiel’s blush intensified.
“That is not true. He is just as much into you as you are into him.” He said easily before his eyes got a mischievous twinkle to them.
“What? I love pie and I would kill demons…” Dean said innocently as Cas started laughing, tears filling his eyes. Dean playfully punched Cas in the arm.
She started screaming and when I arrived at Sammy’s room it was already too late. My father handed me Sam and then he told me to run and I did. My father was able to get out but she didn’t. She wasn’t able to…” he stopped and tears were running down his face. Castiel cupped his cheek with his hand, letting Dean lean into the touch.
Gabriel drove them to the airport the morning of their flight since the Impala would stay at the Winchesters house. Sam had come with them and was sitting shotgun, talking animated with Gabriel about the new book he had gotten about true crime stories. Cas was leaning against Dean, his head resting on his shoulder, eyes weary and tired. Their flight was at 6 am and now it was 3:12 am. The previous night Castiel and Dean hadn’t gotten a lot of sleep, since they were too distracted with exploring one another's body.
In this chapter, we learn a bit more about Dean's past. They also have an encounter with John and after they have to face new and maybe even bigger problems...
“You don’t have to thank me Castiel. I’m your brother and I would have done more if I could,” he admitted. Cas searched for a trace of dishonesty in his brothers eyes but there was nothing else except truth and loyalty.
„You won't" Anna assured him. „You haven't stopped talking to me about him since you first saw him on your first day tour" Anna replied and stretched out her legs and placed them on her coffee table.
“I just… I am just really sorry that I couldn’t control myself and that I didn’t stop when you asked me to, even though I’d promised that we would go your pace.” His face was full of regret and he even seemed a little ashamed of himself. Cas pressed his lips against Dean’s, pulling him into a soft kiss. When they broke off they stayed only inches away from each other, looking into each other’s eyes.
They drove for about thirty minutes in which Cas didn’t stop questioning Dean about where they were going.
They were in his room, Anna on his bed, while he took out options for what he could wear. Anna dismissed all of them and after the forth outfit she stood up and went to his closet and told Castiel to go sit on the bed while she picked out an outfit. It took her only five minutes and when Cas was dressed and looked at himself in the mirror, he loved his outfit. He wore a black jeans with a plane t-shirt and a blue jacket on top. “I am so nervous about tonight" he said to Anna. "why?" she asked. He sighted. “Because it’s our first time out in public, with people from university". Anna walked up to him and took his hand. “hey, don't worry. I know it’s hard for you but you have to relax and take the risk that people will talk. Because they will, whatever you do, so don't let them drag you down." Castiel hogged her tightly. That why he loved her, she always knew how to cheer him up or at least make him feel better. They chatted for some time and then it was time to go.
“Mr. Foster if what you are saying was true, then what reason would my client have to sue his own family?”. Mr. Foster cleared his throat before answering.
“Nice meeting you Castiel,” she said a genuine smile forming on her lips. Anna’s voice spoke up again over the sound of the music.
He pulled out of his thoughts by a hand on his shoulder. "Hey you ready" Dean asked and Cas nodded. They said their goodbyes with Bobby and Ellen and then took off for the Winchesters house. Cas was sitting shotgun and Sam in the back. They didn't talk much. The music was blasting from the radio and Dean was singing , if you could call it that, to almost every song. Cas was looking out of the window and just enjoyed the ride. He realized that he felt save with the Winchesters and he hadn't felt save in a long time. Even at university he was always afraid what people would think or do. He closed his eyes and jut let the music fill his mind.
“Hey, it’s your first flight. Everything will be fine,” Dean assured him, taking his hand intertwining their fingers. The plane started speeding up and Dean’s grip around Castiel’s hand tightened. Castiel looked questioningly at Dean.
“I say we should,” he said leaning forward and kissing Dean softly. Cas felt Dean’s hands roam his sides, resting on his hips. His own hands went up to the other man’s back and under his shirt, drawing lazy circles over his bare skin. Dean moaned into the kiss and Cas swallowed his moan, pressing harder against him. Dean pulled away slightly.
Even though he was prepared he still decided to wake up at 9am and go over everything again. He was sitting on his sofa when a strong pair of arms wrapped around his shoulders and a chin was placed on top of his head. "Good morning," Cas said and placed his hands over Dean's arms. Dean mumbled a morning and then pressed a kiss on Castiel's hair. He continued kissing him and traveling down over Castiel's ear and then to his neck. He bit him slightly and then kissed the place. Cas started smiling and Dean did the same, a grin spreading on his face.
“Yea?” he responded, still focused on the road, but Cas didn’t respond anymore and when Dean looked at him, Cas was fast asleep, a smile gracing his lips.
Hey guys, I can't believe we have already over 1500 hits. I am so grateful for everyone who is reading this story and has left a comment or kudos. I just wanted to thank all of you guys.
Cas woke up to an empty bed. He shot up, shock and worry flooding his body as he tried to blink the stars in front of his eyes away. The alarm clock on his nightstand showed that it was a little after 6 am and it was still dark outside. He stood up and exited the room, not even caring about closing the door.
They packed away everything and then went back to the Impala. Back at their house, and after calling their friends and family, they went straight to the bedroom, pulling at each others clothes. Cas didn’t think the night could get any better but it did. Laying in bed, both exhausted, Cas wrapped his arms around Dean’s waist, curling closer towards him. The other man pressed a soft kiss against his hair, before wrapping an arm around Cas as well.
Castiel looked down again and tried to focus. he felt a hot blush creeping up his face. He threw his books into his bag and stood up. He wanted to storm out of the room but he thought that he wouldn't make a fool out of himself, in case someone was really filming it. He had to balance his phone, some books that were too big for his bag and the coffee in his hand because in the other he was holding his jacket. He almost spilled the coffee but he catched it in time.
Castiel hadn’t done anything for the rest of the day and when his doorbell rang, he jumped in surprise. He looked at the time. It was already after 1:30 am and that made him really anxious. Nobody had ever visited him this late at night and the thought only, that maybe his brother was here to intimidate him or something made his stomach tighten. He stood up slowly and walked towards the door. He looked through the small hole in the door and sighed in relief when he saw that it was Dean. He opened the door and was met by a pair of beautiful green eyes and a huge grin spread across his face. Cas let him enter and closed the door. The moment he turned around towards Dean, the other boy slung his arms around him and kissed him, a little bit sloppy, before pulling away. Cas could feel the taste of alcohol against his own lips.
“Could you give us a minute?” Dean requested and the woman just nodded, leaving the room together with Gabriel. Dean approached him, stopping in front of him.
"So I have to go now but if you want we can meet again. It was really nice today". "I would like that" Cas said, with a grin on his face. They stared at each other again, and Castiel saw that Dean’s eyes were gazing his lips. He tried to look calm on the outside but his heart was pounding. He didn't move though and after a few seconds he took out the keys to his impala and they said goodbye. Cas entered his own car and drove off the parking lot. Back at his apartment he left the groceries on the kitchen counter and went to take a quick shower. The water was cool against his hot skin. His heart was racing and his hands were shaking a bit. He just drank coffee with one of the most beautiful men he had ever seen and it turned out that he wasn't an asshole as Castiel thought. He was very nice and knew a lot about history and myths.
“Dean-o. Breakfast in five, bucko.” Came Gabriel’s voice through the thick wood of the door. Dean let his head fall back against the pillows and looked at the clock. 8:35 am. He hadn’t slept that long in a few weeks. With another sigh at having to leave his bed, he threw the covers back and pulled on a shirt and some pants before making his way to the kitchen where he found not only freshly brewed coffee waiting for him but also a stack of pancakes on the table.
“I love you…” He confessed quietly. Cas could feel a stupid grin on his face as he turned to Dean, cupping his face with his hand.
Walking towards the Impala Castiel’s heartbeat started increasing. Inside the car, Dean started the engine and they drove to the courthouse. While driving they didn’t talk much both of them lost in their thoughts. At some point during the drive Dean intertwined their fingers and squeezed Castiel’s hand tightly, smiling at him softly. They were standing outside the courtroom, Gabriel talking them through the last details. It was 7:58am and in two minutes the doors would open and they would have to enter. Cas was really nervous and tensed up and he could see that even though Dean tried to hide it, he was tensed up as well. Suddenly the doors opened and the three men entered the courtroom, Cas searching for Dean's hand and intertwining their fingers.
“And Dean, do you take Castiel to be your husband? Do you promise to love, honor, cherish, and protect him, forsaking all others, and holding only unto him forevermore?” she asked the other man. Dean turned towards Cas, a grin on his face.
Once at the bar, Dean ordered the drinks and a shot for himself as well. He needed to get himself together. He couldn’t let himself be so distracted around Cas. Dean was so lost in thought that he didn’t notice someone sitting down next to him.
Sorry guys that it took me again so long but I was working on my final draft for the Perfect Pair Bang I am doing.
“Cas I’m sorry I…” he wanted to continue but Cas stood up and left the room, walking to his kitchen. He filled up a glass of water and poured it down in one gulp. His hands were shaking as he tried to force the tears behind his eyes to disappear. He couldn’t understand what just happened. He knew something was off about his boyfriend and he just didn’t feel good. He knew that Dean needed a distraction or something but he had tried to do something, Cas wasn’t ready for, yet.
“Yes I’m fine,” he said trying to avoid Castiel’s gaze. He reached out and intertwined their fingers giving Dean’s hand a squeeze before looking outside the window again. Cas knew that Dean wouldn’t tell him what was on his mind if he was not ready for it, so he decided not to pressure him.
“You really have to learn not to get carried away and now continue studying please because otherwise, you’ll regret it later. We can continue later if you want”. Cas was amazed at Dean’s determination and after one last soft kiss, he actually continued because he knew Dean was right. They could continue later.
“I don’t know what reason your client has but I am just stating that there is no evidence of assault”.
“What?” Cas asked, poking his head out of the door, a towel around his waist. He swore Dean’s expression went from angry to lustful and aroused for just a split second, eyes roaming over Cas’ body before they were filled with anger again.
“Morning sunshine,” Dean greeted and put his book and the food next to him, as Cas approached. The green-eyed boy stood up, pulling the other boy closer by putting a hand on his waist before leaning down and pressing a kiss to his lips.
special. Over time my feelings for you grew until I was sure that I had fallen in love with you. I fell in love with your eyes first, those beautiful blue orbs, I could get lost in. Soon I fell in love with your soul. You were so pure, even after everything that you have gone through. I’ll always be by your side, always and nothing can change the feelings I have for you. Will you, Castiel Novak, marry me?”
. He knew immediately that it was the guy from the library. Dean didn't respond right away since he didn't want to look desperate so he grabbed something to eat and watched his favorite show, his guilty pleasure,
“Cas, hey. What are you doing here?” *He asked with a raised brow, clearly not happy that Cas had interrupted them. Cas looked at the man before he turned back to Dean.
“Dean what is going on?” he asked but he got no response. Castiel carefully put his finger under Dean’s chin, lifting it and forcing him to look Castiel in the eyes, even though he still tried to avoid his gaze.
They entered his house and sat down on his brown fake leather sofa. They sat in silence for a few moments before they got into a casual conversation. Anna told him what had happened in her life and that she was now in a relationship with that guy she had met that night at the freshmen party, Crowley. She was really happy with him and Castiel was happy for her. He told her about the last two weeks and all the stuff that had happened with his and Dean's family. The fight with Dean and the wound on his lower back. Anna listened to him carefully without interrupting him. When he finished, Anna said "Oh my god, I had no idea. I will testify in court if that's what you need to lock that jerk away". Cas looked at her happy to have her as a friend.
"Everything will be fine," he said, pressing Cas against his body. Cas didn't answer but rather continued playing with his sleeve. He knew Dean was right but his mind couldn't stop racing. Dean didn't say anything again and soon exhaustion came over him and he fell asleep.
Castiel shot up, sitting straight in his bed, bright light and pain, all forgotten. His breath was fast and heavy, tears in his eyes. "Dean" he croaked. Dean entered the room, fear in his eyes. "Hey you're up. Everything all right" he asked. Cas didn't answer, he just shook his head. Dean came closer and sat next to him, laying his legs onto the bed. Only then did Castiel realize, he wasn't wearing a shirt, or pants. He curled up into the blanket even more, as if  the cold had only just now reached him. "Yea sorry about that but I had to take care of your wound. I'll get you some clean clothes if you want" dean said, obviously embarrassed. He wanted to stand up but Dean caught his wrist. Dean looked at him and then sat back down. "Fine I'll stay but don't whine about being cold then. I can see that you're freezing and..." Dean was cut off by soft lips pressed against his own. The kiss was soft and careful, Dean obviously concerned about hurting Castiel. When they pulled away, Cas laid his head on Dean's chest and just listened to his heartbeat. He fell asleep again, smiling as he thought how lucky he must be, to have Dean next to him.
“Gabe and I were just talking about that and he said that he could try and take custody for them, at least until they are 18,” he said a small smile on his lips. Castiel’s eyes widened and a small smile started playing at the corners of his lips as well. He leaned forward pressing a kiss to Dean’s soft lips.
