Sherlock leant up into the kiss, his hand wrapping around the back of John's neck, fingering the hair at the base. "Happy Christmas," he breathed against John's lips. He pulled out a bow from his dressing gown pocket. "I didn't get to put it on yet... I said seven minutes," he murmured, sticking the bow onto his chest with a smirk.
Katherine woke up a little later, thirsty. She rolled over, waking to find herself in her bed. She rolled out of it and padded down stairs, pushing a chair against the counter and climbing up to get a plastic cup and filling it up at the sink. She sipped at her water, looking around the empty living room and hearing snoring from Papa's room. She set her cup down, padding down the hall and poking her head in.
Sherlock hummed a little, closing his eyes part way. He whined, hating how he tried to pull away from John, not wanting to be away from him, but it was too warm to be held, but he
Lestrade blinked once, writing down the name and glancing over to the boy.
John took Hamish from Sherlock, holding the growing infant close and smiling down at him. "Happy quarter birthday, little Misha," he said happily, bouncing the decidedly happy boy on his lap. "You're getting so big, look at how tall you are," he said in his best proud papa voice, beaming at Hamish when he pushed up with his legs against John's thighs. He turned to look at Sherlock, the smile still on his lips, hiding the nightmares that he had suffered the night before. "So I got some good news earlier today," he said, lifting up Hamish when he started to get a little kicky and lying him on his back between his thighs so the he could tickle his belly.
John turned back to look at Sherlock as a cab pulled up, noticing his hand on his stomach. "Everything alright?"
"Sherlock, I'm not going to force you to do anything. I'm just trying to help, that's all," John said quietly, stroking his thumb across his cheekbone.
John held the mug between his hands for a moment, just staring down at the light liquid. He sighed, finally taking a sip. "Are you alright? Truly, honestly. I want to know." He took another sip, watching Sherlock carefully before coming up with a better question. "That was Moriarty on the phone, wasn't it?"
Sherlock bit back a sob, almost feeling like he was going to be sick. He nodded, his face still buried. He coughed, dropping the dressing gown and clinging onto John. He let out a breath, pulling away and rubbing his arm. "S'cold," he mumbled quietly, walking into the room and starting to peel off his clothes, shivering again, though not entirely from the cold.
"Also, I've gone through your book. Painfully dull thing that it was. I've highlighted more necessary information, and made small notes in the margins to where you can find the same thing said in a different section of the book where it's clearer," Sherlock said. He looked up at John. "Can't keep doing that, though; you'll have to do better at focusing despite your shiny new toy," he said with a small smile. He didn't do humour much, and quickly looked down at his violin, not sure he should have said that last part.
KATHERINE VIOLA HOLMES and DAVID HARRIS HOLMES.
He carried them into the living room, seeing John with the instructions out for a doll house. "Father Christmas can take the credit for this violin that she asked for," he said, remembering how much he'd smiled when he heard her ask Santa for a violin so she could play with her Daddy. She'd fallen in love with the instrument when Sherlock finally started playing again. "But I am getting her first
"I will come back," John promised, kissing up Sherlock's neck until his lips rested over the mark on the side of his neck. "You'll get me back. And then we'll be inseparable. I'll put handcuffs on us, alright?" he whispered, turning his head to kiss Sherlock's temple.
It wasn't an easy process, convincing Katherine to get go of him long enough for him to actually leave. He didn't want to leave her, god knows he didn't want to, but when Mycroft contacted him again saying they were taking John to Bart's...he had to go. And he couldn't bring Katherine, being there once had already been hard enough. Greg came by not long after the initial text, Elizabeth in hand.
Sherlock finally got to see John, all of John, in the light since he got back. It was still him, and he was still beautiful to Sherlock. He took his hand and sank into the water with a sigh, reaching up with one foot to turn off the water. He leaned back against John, reaching over for a cup to wet his hair with. "When you're ready," he said with a smirk.
Lestrade nodded, then left.
Sherlock noticed John's movements and then stood up, setting his violin tenderly in its case and moving to the fridge to get John's plate he'd made, another sandwich and cold beans, and some fruit. He'd eaten a bit during the day as well. He brought it out and set it down.
Sherlock's foot was bouncing in the car they'd borrowed from Mycroft as they rode back to Mindy's house the next day.
The blond's fingers weaved once more through John's hair and Sherlock squeezed the trigger, the gun kicking back as the bullet flew towards Moran and buried itself in his leg.
Sherlock growled a little when the woman left, holding his side firmly still. He didn't want anyone pandering over him. He didn't want that, and he didn't want questions about the knife wound, or the brand, or the various other scars on his body. Or the overall malnourished appearance of him.
"I understand, Katty," John murmured, knowing that seeing something so terrible could break the strongest adult. "You saved Gran, you know that?" he said, poking her nose. He had noticed the blood in her nails, the stain on her shirt. "And I'm very proud of you. You were so brave. And you know that Papa understands, because he's had to do that before, loads of times." He kissed her forehead, closing his eyes as he wrapped his arms around her and held her close. "I'm sorry I wasn't there, baby. I'm so sorry."
Sherlock could feel himself going mad, he could. He thought maybe he'd been going mad before, with the things he sometimes thought, but this was actual madness he felt. They wouldn't let him go, wouldn't let him see his children. He just wanted Hamish back. He wanted to hold his son...god it had been two weeks...roughly. Mindy came and visited, they said they wouldn't allow the children back. It wasn't fair...he spat cruel deductions at the orderlies but they ignored him mostly, and with each passing day he became more bitter. He'd had his son a month and took him away, a month!
John pulled back, looking steadily at Sherlock as he traced the line of the chain from his neck to his chest. "I like them better on you, anyway," he murmured, the corner of his mouth lifting up into a smirk.
Sherlock set the plate on the table, announcing when he was done.
John could only nod in agreement, panting for breath. He ran his hands up and down Sherlock's thighs, circling his thumbs against the inside of his legs. "You were so amazing," he breathed, his head dropped back and his mouth curled up into a lazy smile.
Sherlock swallowed. "I... I have some news," he said. "And it's... it's good," he said. "You… saved me from that place. The auction that is, and I guess I really lucked out," he started. "And... it would seem that your sister did as well," he said quietly. "Recently enough, and according to the text Mycroft just sent me..." he said, picking up his phone as it went off. "Recently gone through substance abuse program, but living here in London," he looked up at John again. "Her last name is different now – she took her Alpha's – Stone. Harriet Stone," he said.
July 1
“I love you both so much... and I always will. Goodbye, John," he said, dropping his phone and angling himself as he pitched himself off the building just as the biker ran into John, knocking him over and sticking him to disorient him more.
"Your thanks is not needed; my actions were all for my brother's sake. Though, as I know I will get no such thanks from him, yours will suffice," Mycroft said. "I realise, John, that you have been to hell and back, as the phrase goes, but my brother... well, hell is a place with which it seems he is content to stay. A lot has happened," he said. "I'm not sure how much you know, since the last correspondence I carried from my brother to have sent directly to you was before your disappearance."
Maybe Sherlock didn't want to admit it, or even think it. God knew how John would react. He thought about what he had bought, tucked away in one of the trousers he never wore. He waited a while, knowing John would have to be in his interview now.
Sherlock kept a close eye on Katherine, making sure she ate the sandwich, his foot bouncing as he awaited word from Mycroft about John, or better yet, word from John himself. He swallowed thickly as he cleaned the dishes. He and Katherine and Hamish ended up settled on the sofa, and he turned on the telly for her, his phone in one hand as if keeping it there would make it go off sooner.
John buried his face in his sister's shoulder, wanting to scream again, but he knew Harry wouldn't give him his hand back, and he wouldn't do it in the open air. "I can't... I can't focus on them, though," he whimpered. "What if I come back and Kat changed her favorite color again, and suddenly being tucked in is 'for babies'? What if something goes wrong with the pregnancy and I'm not here, or I come back and my baby cries when I hold it because it doesn't know my voice? What if I d--" He choked on his words, a sob ripping out of him. What if I die?
Sherlock hummed, bringing his legs over the side of the bed and standing up carefully when asked, sitting down quickly again. He winced, trying to ease the gown off his thin frame, tugging at the electrodes stuck to his chest with a wince.
Katherine sniffed, crawling forward between them and curling up against John's chest. Sherlock rubbed her side a little, settling next to her. "No one thre when I got up," she said quietly, "Thought Papa and Daddy left," she said, sniffling again as her thumb slipped into her mouth.
Sherlock hummed as he felt John's lips move up his body. He took a breath when John bit him a little harder, not enough for make him his bondmate, but enough to get more of Sherlock's attention.
"I wasn't saying that you should tell her, I'm just saying that not knowing is not always easier," John murmured, resting his head on Sherlock's shoulder. "I'm also saying that I don't want to go." He closed his eyes, reaching up to comb through Sherlock's hair. He didn't want to go to the schools, he didn't want to go back to the desert. He didn't want to go anywhere. He wanted to stay here, wrapped up in Sherlock's arms, and tell the rest of the world to piss off. Too bad that he couldn't.
Sherlock swallowed thickly, wetting his lips. "S'warm," he mumbled, mouth dry as he tried to lick his lips again, tasting a bit of blood on them from the splatter. "C-caught a... murderer," he murmured, moving off topic of how he felt, trying to sort it out.
Sherlock let out a short breath, cutting it off before it would choke into a sob. "I c....can't....it'll hurt." he said, not specifying who it would hurt. Both of them obviously, and Sherlock didn't want to do that with John. He took a deep breath, gulping down John's scent while it was there and fresh, trying to calm himself down so he could just shut up.
that he could do to make Sherlock happy and calm. He ran his fingers through Sherlock's hair, trying to put some order back into it while he slept.
Sherlock stirred a little at the noise, his brows pinching together a bit.
John smiled softly to himself, nuzzling against Sherlock's skin. He felt as if he should stay awake, even though he knew how stupid that was. He needed sleep so that he could look after Sherlock, and that's all there was to it. So he closed his eyes, his arm banding tighter around Sherlock's chest, until he drifted off into his best sleep in three days.
John shook his head, not knowing what to say. "It's all routine over there, Harry," he said quietly, pushing unsteadily to his feet. "The only thing I'm going to lose is time." He held a hand out for his sister. "We should get back downstairs." He didn't want to talk about the desert. He had managed not to talk about it for over three years, and he didn't want to start now.
"Oh, don't be so obtuse," Jim snapped, spinning around as if Sherlock was in the room with him. "You know well why I called. I want to meet you again." And just like that, his voice was sweet and child-like once more.
"They... they have them there, then?" Sherlock asked. "The Alphas and handlers?"
Sherlock leant into the touch on his head. He pressed back carefully into the kiss, brushing his nose against John's. "It's okay. Sounds worse than it is, and really it could stand for anything. Harrison & Co., an H just between my shoulder blades," he said. He tried to make light of it a little, letting out a sigh. “I could just tattoo a J and a W on either side of it," he offered quietly. "’m yours after all. JHW," he said, kissing John's face with each letter.
Sherlock whined, his fingers digging into the back of John's neck and shoulder.
Sherlock sighed, pushing off of the counter and walking into the lab next door, fiddling with the microscope, almost like the one Mummy had got him for Christmas before... well the last Christmas he'd had since. He heard quiet chatter through the door and sat down at one of the stools, pulling out his phone.
"I put your clothes in the bedroom – suits in the closet, everything else in the top two drawers of the chest of drawers." John got to his feet, walking over to Sherlock and mussing up a section of his damp hair. "Would you like to head to the lab, then?"
Sherlock’s lips pressed into a thin line as he took it, flipping it over to see the engraving on it, definitely his fathers. He shook his head. "That shouldn't... it couldn't be..." He tossed it back to his chair. "Someone shouldn't have had that," he said, shaking his head again.
John smiled, leaning against Sherlock's shoulder as he took the book. He cleared his throat, opening up to the first page. "Twas the night before Christmas, and, all through the house, not a creature was stirring, not even a mouse," he began, watching Katherine while he read the rest of the book essentially off of memory.
"You're fine, don't worry about it," Bill murmured, taking out his canteen and forcing John to take a sip. He looked up at Stephen, exchanging a worried glance with the Lieutenant.
John combed his fingers through Sherlock's hair, petting his face gently. He kept his eye on the clock, and when it turned seven, he stood, putting away their empty plates. "Can you get our daughter? I need to go grab my bag," John murmured, kissing Sherlock's temple before walking into the bedroom. He found his gun and tucked it into his waistband, sliding his knives into his pockets, and then picked up his bags and walked to the door.
John dipped his head in acknowledgement, running his fingers through Sherlock's hair. "You're welcome. And I'm twenty-two." He studied Sherlock's gaze, pleased to see a spark of interest at the mention of the lab.
Sherlock hummed lightly, his eyes fluttering shut already. "Mm... alright. Don't leave... could be anywhere," he mumbled softly. He swallowed thickly, pressing at his morphine button, though he knew it wouldn't give him any more until the set time had passed. Could he have moved, he would have set it himself.
John squeezed Sherlock's hand back, pushing himself up into a sitting position and grimacing a little. "Why would I change my mind?" he asked, raising his eyebrows at Sherlock. Dr. Chase walked over, checking John's pulse with his fingers for a moment.
Mycroft tilted his head slightly, eyes fixed on Sherlock. “What I have done is a mercy, a kindness done to those I care for Sherlock,” Mycroft said. “Surely, you would not have wanted our mother to bury Father…and then die alone while her only son allows himself to be lost with the filth the streets, addling his gift of a mind with drugs?” he asked. “No, what I did was a kindness. They felt nothing…I made sure of it.”
"Sorry, baby," John whispered, combing through Sherlock's hair. He reached down and took Katherine's hand, squeezing it gently. He closed his eyes after a moment, relaxing against Sherlock as sensory memories flooded him and he recalled doing this countless times before. He smiled, humming softly as he drifted slowly off to sleep.
The phone calls took far too long, and by the time John had returned, Sherlock and Katherine were both fast asleep. But he was content to watch them both.
He mounted the stairs with a sigh, taking a seat on Kat's bed with his feet folded underneath him. "What's wrong with medicine?" he asked quietly, knowing that she was under the bed.
Sherlock nodded, scooping up his phone and sending a message to Mycroft on his phone requesting the sleeping aide ASAP. He then picked up the knives, taking them and putting them away, outside of the bedroom. He took John's hand and gave it a small squeeze.
John couldn't help his small smile. "Maybe she does," he agreed, pressing slow, soft kisses over the back of Sherlock's neck.
Sherlock sighed. "Why don't we move to the bedroom, and lay back there for a bit?" he offered.
Harry stood up and brought Hamish over, and Sherlock set down Katherine, taking the fussing, slightly bigger infant into his arms. He felt something in his chest loosen as he nuzzled against his son's cheek, taking in his scent, a small sob bubbling up in his chest as he smiled a little. "Hamish...oh baby, I'm so sorry," he said, touching the small, round cheeks. His small fingers closed around one of Sherlock's, and the infants fussing stopped instantly. "Oh...so now he settles, you know I've had a hell of a time with that one...he missed you," Harry said with a small smile. Sherlock looked up at her, and Mindy. "Thank you...for taking care of them...when I couldn't." he said.
The new nurse walked out to the waiting room, beckoning Sherlock forward, unsure if a three year old should really be listening to what she was going to be saying.
John hummed quietly in response, watching Hamish flailing his fists. He still hurt, he wasn’t sure how to fixt that, but he could shove it away, he could put on a brave face for his family, for the people he loved. “Why don’t we all go sit on the sofa and eat some popcorn and watch a movie, hmm? Katty, you can pick it out if you like.” He didn’t want to sit in bed all day, waiting for news.
John accepted the soap from Sherlock, scrubbing at his skin and stepping under the water when Sherlock moved aside. "This should be an every morning thing," he thought out loud, pulling Sherlock to him under the water, just enjoying warmth and closeness for a moment.
"Oh! Sorry," she said softly. "Just thought I'd take this out for you," she said in a small whisper, gently pulling out his IV and placing a plaster over it. "There'll be a small bit of paper work to be done, and then you two can go," she said softly before leaving.
Sherlock blinked his eyes open when John sat up and rolled over, flopping back onto the bed. He smiled a little, ruffling John's hair a bit. "I'm sorry," he said quietly, stroking John's temple down to his jaw. "I'll get some soup made in a little bit," he murmured.
Sherlock looked down, nuzzling down into Katherine's hair again and nodded, a small whine coming from him. He gently shifted Katherine and rolled over to wrap his arms around John, burying his face into John's chest, a sob escaping him. "I don't want to have to tell you, I want you here to see it," he said, a surge of emotion going through him which he knew wouldn't normally if his hormones weren't thrown off so much.
John obediently stood up, toeing off his shoes and crawling under the thin blanket, lying down beside Sherlock with his head on his shoulder and his arm lightly wrapped over his swollen-but-deflating belly.
"Morning," he said quietly to John, looking down at him. He picked up a glass next to him. "I got you more water," he murmured softly.
It wasn't until a few hours later that John woke up. At first he wasn't sure what had brought him back to consciousness, and then he heard the whimpers from the bedroom. He jumped to his feet, trotting down the hall and pushing past the door to find Sherlock obviously wrapped up in a nightmare.
Sherlock threw out the compound he had before slowly going down the hall, peering in at John, and seeing the letters spread out on the bed, as well as the two scraps from his silk shirt. He blinked. "You... you kept them," he said quietly, wondering what John was looking at, not recognising his own handwriting.
Papa,
John gave a small sigh and a nod, getting up from the table to toss what he didn't eat of his food and then put his dishes in the sink. "Yeah, maybe," he murmured, glancing over his shoulder at Sherlock and arching an eyebrow, who he knew to be fairly independent as well.
Sherlock hummed, relaxing a small bit as John pushed up into him slightly more. Sherlock sucked in a sharp breath, his hips sliding forward a bit as John brushed up against what could only be his prostate, which again... felt so different. During a heat he only wanted that one spot reached – this though... "J-John.... that’s just t-teasing... god…" he breathed.
Sherlock smiled a little, squeezing John's hand. "We're fine," he murmured quietly, slowing his pace a little. It felt nice, stretching his legs. They finally came up to a park and Sherlock led John into it, looking at the playground which was empty this time of day, all the kids in school. He walked over to the swings, sitting on one of them. "Suppose we'll be here in a year or so," he murmured quietly, resting his feet.
"Mmm...I think she could handle it, but definitely not too early. I'll leave those talks to you maybe? Or should we both do them? I don't really know how to go about doing those talks really. I never had one, I simply found a book," he said with a shrug.
Sherlock looked down for a moment; so John did know. He swallowed, letting out a breath. "I-I don't think I can," he said quietly. Five years now. He looked at John. "Will you... can you come with me? If I go?" he murmured quietly.
None of them had seen the strike coming. Air strike, Raptor, radar silent, quick missiles and then gone.
John laughed, leaning over against Sherlock and kissing the mark on his neck. "She might. She's usually pretty good about it. I won't give her another dose of medicine tonight, just because it's already so late, but she should be tired enough after she eats again. Especially after the day she's had."
Sherlock sighed, nodding a little. "Yes well... I'll be on my best behaviour," he said, only half sarcastically.
Sherlock shrugged lightly. "I don't know, not really his thing I suppose," he said quietly. "For all he knows, I lost it entirely," he murmured. "Though he might check the records eventually," he said with a small sigh. He leant his head on John's shoulder more, settling more against him. "God, I'm starving. We're getting food like... as soon as we're home. Pineapple though, remember," he said.
John couldn't handle seeing Sherlock like this, and he pushed to his feet, gripping his cane tightly and leaning heavily on it, his leg hurting as bad as it ever had. He winced, his hand shaking bad enough that even clenching it didn't help. Maybe Mycroft had been right. "You know I'm alive now," he said, trying and failing to keep his voice from trembling. "So at least stop living like I'm dead."
Sherlock lifted his phone to his ear. "John look, I-" he cut himself off when he heard John's voice, his senses alight instantly. "What's happened? What's wrong?" he asked, immediately going for his coat. "Where are you at? I'm leaving now," he said, heading down the stairs before he could get an answer. He tried to think about the pub that John would have been heading for, and left in that direction.
John laughed lightly, blinking back any other tears that were potentially threatening to fall. When Sherlock laid down beside him, he instantly wrapped his arm around his mate, pulling him close. "Screw this," he muttered, rolling onto his side and wrapping both of his arms around Sherlock, tucking his head under his chin and rocking him gently. "I missed you, love," he breathed, running his hand over Sherlock's smooth back before finally resting it at the dip in his spine and pulling him closer.
John just held Sherlock closer, knowing it was the last thing he wanted but the first thing he needed. "Shh, love, it's alright, you're alright." He couldn't think of anything else to say, and in the back of his mind, John knew there really wasn't anything he could say if Sherlock was refusing to listen.
Sherlock swallowed, hearing the darkness in John's voice, one he himself knew he could possess, all those people he had killed, Moriarty's associates. Perhaps this man was one of them? Had he missed one? Or was this solely about John? "If he goes anywhere near the children, I'll help you," he said quietly, a hint of the same tone. He let out a breath, and nuzzled close to John. "We've talked about it, I know now, so...rest John, please? Let's just sleep, and you can hold me, and we'll just stay here all night. Us."
John smiled, reaching up to cup Sherlock's cheek. "I can do that," he murmured, running his fingers lightly against some of the hair near his temple. "But only if you promise to wear that purple shirt the next time we go out for something," he teased, grabbing his muffin and mug of coffee and moving into the living room. He dropped onto the sofa, lying on his side so that he could still eat.
"Have to leave eventually," Sherlock murmured. He pressed a few gentle kisses to John's face. "I love this... you. I'll do anything to keep things this way... keep this safe, keep us safe."
John nodded once, briskly. "Off," he commanded, and this time there was no argument in his voice.
John tightened his arms around Sherlock, sliding a hand up into his hair and bring his head down to rest against his shoulder. He didn't know what to say, so he just held him tightly and rocked them where they stood.
"Sherlock?" John called, pushing open the door a little and seeing him in the tub. He smiled softly. "Morning," he murmured, still drowsy. "Mind if I join you?"
Sherlock didn't leave the flat, and of course he received no end of trouble for it. He was used to being stuck in one place, and the conditions of the flat were much nicer, so he saw no reason to go out. He ignored most of Mycroft's texts until the man showed up in the flat one day. Sherlock then endured two hours of lecture, which almost counted as a conversation.
, he told himself.
"Doesn't surprise me," John murmured, setting his hand next to Sherlock's. He blinked, furrowing his brow and readjusting his hand. "I think I felt her." He looked up at Sherlock when he felt the small bump on his hand. "God, yeah, I felt her." He was grinning, and he leant up to kiss Sherlock again.
John had gone to the auction with Mike just to keep him company. He wasn’t looking for an Omega – god, he had enough problems just looking after himself – and he certainly didn’t want a slave on top of that. Mike, however, seemed very keen about the prospect. So, John had agreed, going along and sitting with him but not purchasing a number. And he had been pleasantly bored until a boy of around eighteen had been dragged onto the stage, his dark hair contrasting wildly with his pale skin.
Sherlock blinked a couple times, then padded out into the kitchen, rationalising it as finally eating something after a case, but part of it being near John's scent again. It made him feel almost small again, like before he had built up the walled fortress he currently resided in.
"No!" John yelled, not caring that the sudden loud noise hurt his jaw, throat, sides... everything. "No, get your arse back inside. Get my gun from my nightstand drawer. Load it and keep it on you. Safety off." He shifted, getting the weight off of his ribs. "Please, Sherlock, listen to me. Someone..." he hissed, pushing himself to his feet, "someone from the –
John sat down, chuckling despite his growing concern at her coughing, and pulled her into his arms, kissing her temple lightly. "I love you, Katty," he whispered, stroking her hair and twisting one of the curls around his finger. "I love you so very much."
"I think it's more that he's afraid of you hating him for not finding you. He just can't bring himself to face you," John suggested, thinking out loud. "But what do I know? I'm an idiot, remember?" he said lightly, pressing a kiss to the back of Sherlock's neck.
"Trust me Mish...you want to be awake." he said, almost crying a little, but he was smiling, very much smiling. He lifted him up, looking at John. "Do you...you want to hold him?" he asked hesitantly.
John nodded, nuzzling against Sherlock and smoothing his fingers over his side. "Maybe in a week or so," he suggested softly, kissing his neck. Sherlock swallowed, nodding a little and letting out a nervous breath. He preferred to think that he wasn't, and just be careful until he was. He didn't want to worry about it in the first trimester, if he did have one. That's when he lost the first pup.
"Feet down," John instructed, letting Sherlock stand for a moment while he stepped into the tub, holding his hand out to help the Omega in as well.
"Gregory told me what it is they did, what you said they did," Mycroft said, looking at John steadily. "Now comes the decision as to what is best for Sherlock. He is, or was, at any rate, difficult. Stubborn, and highly gifted. I don't know what a place like that would do to him, and there's no real telling. The question is, Dr Watson, with you still starting out, finishing your degree and such, perhaps you'd prefer taking on a more... simple Omega. Someone easier," he said, looking at his brother. "I can take charge of him; you, of course, would have your money returned to you if that's an issue."
After that he was quiet, and pushed away thoughts of
A low noise rumbled in John's chest, and his hands tightened on Sherlock's hips. "Don't need it," he whispered, his voice husky. His fingers worked under Sherlock's shirt, pushing it up and over his head. "Look at how beautiful you are," he said reverently, leaning forward to kiss and nip along Sherlock's collarbone, laving at the hollow of his throat. "Tell me what you want, love, and I'll give it to you." He worked his mouth up Sherlock's neck, grazing his teeth and pressing his tongue to leave small wet patches.
"Think you're up for a walk?" John asked, knowing that just pacing the flat tended to make Sherlock's back hurt. "That's quite a bit of strain on your back." He sighed lightly, opening his eyes again and leaning up to kiss him softly. "Perhaps just around the block?" he suggested, rubbing the tip of his nose against Sherlock's and humming quietly to himself.
"Hey!" There was a sharp slap to his cheek, and John pulled his eyes open with a groan to find a very rugged, masculine face right next to him. A hand slid into his hair, fingers tightening and pulling his head back. "Hello, Dr Watson," Sebastian smiled, his teeth glinting off of the few white lights that were in the room.
He knew this, and yet his hand had closed on the handle of the blade. It was as if a part of himself thought
P.S. I hope you're healthy and that the baby is coming along fine.
"Find my mum. Give her my things and tell her I love her?" John nodded rapidly, his muscles tightening as the axe was lifted. "I will," he promised, giving her as much of a solute that he could before the axe fell. It took two hits to decapitate each of them, and he knew that they felt it all.
John groaned a little, walking over to the other swing and dropping down on it. "Sherlock, I don't want to do anything, really. I don't want to make a big deal out of it, I don't want there to be a big fuss." He sighed, pushing back a bit and letting himself swing forward the tiny amount his kick had made. "It's not a big deal, it's just a birthday. If I'm with you, I'm happy. That's it, that's all I want."
John smiled, moving to nuzzle the juncture where Sherlock's leg met his hip. Slowly, but with purpose, he moved his mouth over and hovered above Sherlock's forming erection before licking a slow line down his length, feeling him harden rapidly after that.
"That's enough; we'll deal with them," Lestrade said, casting a look at Mycroft before leaving.
him to understand.
Sherlock woke up in the middle of the night, curling tighter with a whimper, a cramping sensation gripping him. He rolled over, not feeling as warm, but still not that good. Symptoms of a heat, just without the heat itself and the relief even of knotting.
John sighed heavily, not bothering to turn on the telly. He stared at the ceiling, thinking through yesterday and all the rough patches he and Sherlock had hit. He wondered if Sherlock was mad at him – probably.
"I don't want hand-outs from my Alpha brother. I don't need them. Whatever I do, I want to do it myself. Get there on my own," Sherlock murmured, shifting a bit in the water and nuzzling close to John.
"You don't need to be nervous," John murmured, cupping Sherlock's face gently with his hands, brushing his thumbs over his cheekbones. "I've got a knife in my pocket if anyone tries to hurt you, and I promise I won't even let it get that far."
"Katty? You alright?" John called, finding her in the living room.
Sherlock had forgotten the rails of the crib, having fallen asleep before grabbing them, and followed John as he took them downstairs. He grabbed the ends of the crib and carried them down to their room, starting to move the wardrobe a small bit to make room for it. "I'll grab the other pieces from the living room, you get started with that."
John smiled, moving over to the other side of the bed and crawling under the covers so that Katty was snuggled up between them. "Do you need anything, you two?" he asked, his eyes half-lidded as he stroked his fingers through Sherlock's hair and kissed the top of Katherine's head. "I can stay up if you need me to," he said – he'd stayed up longer before.
Sherlock knew part of him ached a little to have them, but he knew that was just biological, he knew he was at a prime age to have them. The abuse he'd suffered, though... it led him to wonder if he even
Mindy crossed over to the sofa, sitting close to him but far enough away for it to be polite and not intruding.
Sherlock let out a breath. He didn't want this to happen, he hated heats. His face twisted a little, a worried frown tugging at his face as he wrapped his arms around himself. "Said you'd get them..." he said, not accusing, just restating. He swallowed, glancing out the window. He saw the cab driver looking at him in the rear view mirror and he tensed a little.
I love you so much,
Sherlock hummed, nodding. "Out like a light, as it were," he murmured, climbing into the shower and taking John's face into his hands. He looked into his eyes. "It's okay... it won't be as bad soon. You won't be taking it anymore, it'll be fine," he murmured, pressing a small kiss to John's forehead, and then his lips.
(See the end of the chapter for
John sighed, shoving his hand into his hair. "I'm sorry if it feels like I've been leading you on, but I can't ignore how I feel about you. I don't want to leave you, I don't. It's killing me to think that I have to go – part of me doesn't want to. Quite a large part, now." He swallowed, rising to his feet, exhaustion driving him away before he got worked up. "But I promise you, I'm coming back."
John startled at Sherlock's sudden movement, and he quickly set his half-empty mug down and reached out for Sherlock's hand. "Sherlock? Love, what's wrong?" Concern raced through him, and he steadied Sherlock with a hand on his back as he swayed a little.
Sherlock hummed a little, letting out a slow breath. "You," he murmured, his eyes shut. "Shall I have Angelo bring your cane to the flat?" he asked, a small, smug smirk pulling at the corner of his mouth as he tapped John's 'hurting' leg.
Sherlock finally walked over to the door, pulling it open a little. He peeked out, leaning his head on the door. "He never got me," he said quietly, not meeting John's eyes. "Mycroft... he always got me out of trouble I… he just... he never came," he said. "It was easier him being dead like them," he said.
that it wouldn't fix it, and it was degrading, so he
John grinned, pretending to be surprised. "Exactly like Daddy's. Now you two can play together." He glanced sideways at Sherlock, taking the soft package from him and opening it, holding out the jumper inside. He beamed. "It's lovely, dear," he said earnestly, standing up to give Sherlock a kiss before sitting back down, still holding onto his present.
John wished that he could have brought his laptop along and still had a wifi connection, but he knew that hope like that was stupid. They really didn't even know where they were going. They were just driving in two Land Rovers, all eight members of his team along, the vehicles far enough apart so that if one exploded, it wouldn't compromise the other. He shook his head, staring out of the window at the sand.
Of course John just had to bloody jinx it.
Sherlock followed John out onto the pavement, the door shutting firmly behind them. "I can deduce many things, but this... sentiment in others, John I can hardly decipher it in myself," he said, almost whining a little.
John hit Sherlock in the shoulder, hard. "You disappeared for two years!" he all but screamed, ripping at his own hair. "You could have sent a bloody postcard or something." Anything. Anything would have been better than walking around blaming himself. "Your daughter doesn't even know you exist now!" His voice broke, and he shook his head, rolling over because he couldn't look at Sherlock.
Sherlock held onto her tighter as her scream got impossibly louder. Sherlock hadn't been sure it could get that loud. Her little face was red and she flailed in discomfort. "Shh... Shh, babe, it's alright," he murmured, quickly getting another layer to bundle her up in before putting her in a carrier. "She'll be fine John... right?" he asked, quickly throwing on some clothes himself.
Sherlock sighed a little. "Feel a bit out of my depth with them; with you, it's easy. You know how to take care of yourself, so there's not much I can screw up," he said. "Little pink... screaming things, I... I wouldn't know how to..." he shook his head a little.
John kicked off his boots and shimmied out of his trousers, then moved over closer to his bondmate. "I love you." He leant up to kiss him, nibbling a little at his lower lip.
John stood just inside of the door for a moment, looking at the cluster of machines located around Sherlock's bed. He walked over, checking one of the monitors and noticing that his blood pressure was high and his blood sugar was low, which would explain at least some of the weakness and anxiety.
Sherlock hummed lightly, returning the kiss lazily and allowing his face to be cradled in John's hands. "Mm love you too," he murmured against John's lips, letting out a breath. He dragged his eyes open to look at John, lifting one hand up to trace his features. He shivered a little, a small bit cold, but he didn't mind in the least.
Sherlock looked down, snuggling close to John. "There are ways to fix that a lot of the time... therapies," he murmured quietly. Sherlock let out a breath, loving having John just... hold him. "John, I know... I know it's usually something Betas do... since they don't create bonds like Alphas and Omegas can, but..." he hesitated a little, looking up at him. "When you're better and this blows over... do you think, maybe, you'd want to get married?" he asked quietly. His face warmed; it was unusual for bondmates to get married. It was seen something trivial and extra, but John had a mark on Sherlock to say he was his... Sherlock wanted that too... and wanted to put a ring on John.
Sherlock smiled a little, relaxing more at John's ease. He sighed. "I would say fifteen. She knew about my parents, after all," he pointed out, resting his head on John's shoulder. He was quiet for a little while after that. "It made it feel a little more real... going there," he said.
Sherlock nodded a little, following John out into the hallway. It smelled somewhat less clinical on this floor, a place for offices and paperwork, no doubt. They paused at one door, John knocking before opening it up. They walked into the office, John pulling him inside.
them? You really know nothing, do you?" he said coolly.
Sherlock thought about that for a moment. "About a seven... on a scale of ten. Maybe a six. I try not to think about it," he said, nodding at the waitress as she brought their meals and drinks. He smiled a little at John. "It's fine, really. You went without for a month in the desert, and I went to hospital straight away. It's nothing, really..." he said, taking up his fork again to poke at his food.
John pulled her up onto his lap, wrapping his arms around her waist. "You do, he just... went away for a long time. And he's really bad about giving fair warning." He sniffed, reaching up and wiping tears from his cheeks. "Sorry, love. I'm just a little shocked."
John had found it sitting on the table next to his chair. He ran his fingers over it, holding it in his hand until it was the same temperature as his skin.
"You're beautiful," John murmured, his Alpha coming out as he claimed Sherlock's lips, running his hand down his chest and abdomen.
"Here," he said when he entered the living room, shaking the bottle of anti-depressants at Sherlock. "I wanna make a deal with you.”
----------------------------------------------------------
"So you're saying there won't be time tomorrow then," he said with a small smirk, looking at John. He took a larger sip of his wine. "For your other present," he said. "I thought you might like it, so... maybe you want it early?" he offered. It was something he normally didn't do but... his comfort zone was a bit larger these days. He had John back.
“How long have you been here?” Sherlock asked, looking at the blond, his slight form. He was wearing nothing but a pair of trousers, even his feet were bare. He knew how long he'd been there of course, clear from the sight of him.
He furrowed his brow when he heard his two people whispering, but didn't pursue it. It didn't take someone really good at deductions to know what it was about.
dangerous and it would give you a place to live in the meantime. Or you can just believe that that is true and move in anyway because you’ve already made up your mind and the longer you sit there and waffle on it the more miserable you’ll be,” Sherlock said bluntly.
"Mm," Sherlock hummed, listening quietly. He winced when John pressed lightly on his side, trying to roll onto his other one a little and curl up again.
John jumped out of the cab, barely remembering to pay the cabbie before he limped inside, taking the lift down to the morgue. Molly met him in the hallway, her expression turning to worry when she noticed his cane.
John,
February 23
John took a steadying breath, his eyelids already drooping.
Katherine blinked a few times, sniffling again and clearing his throat. "Think should kiss and make up," she said simply. "Thas what Gran said about people on telly. Need kiss and make up," she said with a nod. She turned sideways on John's lap and rested her head against his shoulder. "If him being gone made Papa sad... will Papa be happy now?" she asked, looking up at him. She wanted him to look like in that picture.
Mindy smiled slightly. Christ, no wonder they were so good for each other. Both stubborn as all hell and willing to sacrifice everything for the other. "Sherlock." She said his name to get his attention, drawing his eyes and holding him. "That fact remains," she repeated his words, "that John
John smiled softly at Sherlock, brushing his knuckles across his cheek fondly. "Why don't you try to get some rest? I'm not going anywhere, I promise." He drew his hand away and sat back in his chair, still holding onto Sherlock's hand. "I'll wake you if anything important is going on, otherwise I'll let you sleep."
________________________________
Sherlock swallowed, then stood up, looking at him. "You do need to eat something else, can't starve yourself. As a doctor I thought you'd know better," he said with a small smile. "I burnt the soup... can't cook for hell," he said with a small shrug.
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
He sighed, glancing at John and Katherine. "I've just told you that I don't," he said, looking down. "I don't respond, I don't say anything, I've told you. He's just trying to get a reaction out of me," he said, feeling almost like he was being scolded. He didn't want John to worry was all.
Katherine blinked a few times, slid off her chair and walked over with the blanket around her. She walked up to the sofa. "Can sit with you?" she asked quietly. Sherlock blinked a couple times, then nodded.
Mindy shrugged, smirking as she turned her attention back to Katherine. "The rest are yours, Katherine," she said, gesturing to the five remaining gifts. "Go ahead and open them."
Katherine sniffed a little, then nodded. She looked at her doll, "ah...I changed my mind. S'not dead, just sick. Needs doctor like Papa," she said, holding the doll up for him. "Can make him better?" she asked quietly.
Sherlock swallowed, stepping up and wrapping his arms around John's middle, resting his head on his shoulder. "I'll come with you," he said. "And you don't think for one second about saying goodbye, John," he said. "Because I'm going to see you again." Goodbye always seemed to put some kind of permanence on things, and Sherlock didn't want that... not this time.
John shrugged, stepping aside and gesturing Sherlock towards the water. "If you want to," he suggested, leaning back against the cold tile wall of the shower.
“You need time, I understand-”
Katherine nodded, eating another bite and swinging her feet a little. "Papa? No school tomorrow, you wanna go to the park?" she asked, looking a little hopeful. Sherlock blinked, glancing over at John. They
God, sorry. Please, distract me. Tell me something good, anything good. How's the baby. Boy or girl???
Sherlock twined his thin arms around John and nodded, sighing a little. They were quiet for a few minutes before Sherlock pulled away from him.
Sherlock kept Katherine cradled close to him, even after she fell asleep, having knackered herself out from screaming. "Pharmacy... closest one, I don't care which," he said to the driver when they climbed in. It was a better idea to go to a random one anyway now. Made them less predictable, and make it harder for Moriarty to do anything. "We're going to order out tonight," he murmured. "Not going anywhere," he said, resting his mouth atop Katherine's head.
John let out a small sigh and stood from the bed, slowly walking over to Sherlock and wrapping his arms around him. "You keep worrying so much, and you're going to make my shoulder start aching again," he murmured, hugging Sherlock tightly with his head against his shoulder and his hand on his stomach. "And I think you look sexy in them," he said with a smile, stepping back so that he could get dressed.
Strong kicker. It seemed as if the pup had taken a liking to the title and decided to live up to it as if she'd been christened with the name.
Katherine nodded, a worried expression on her face. She let out a breath, then walked back to the living room to play with her doll house again. Sherlock looked up when John came in, his shoulders lifting in a small shrug. "Had some meat in a sandwich...maybe it wasn't good." he mumbled, wiping his mouth. He felt a little better now though, not quite like food poisoning. He swallowed, flushing the toilet and leaning against John a bit.
John threw a grin over his shoulder as he walked into the bathroom to retrieve the first aid kit. He walked back in short order, sitting beside Sherlock and taking out the rubbing alcohol, peroxide, and iodine, as well as a couple of bandages and some gauze. It may have been overkill, but he didn't want the marks to get infected.
John stood in the middle of the room, his eyes falling on the boy in the corner, whose knees were pulled up to his chest, his head hung in defeat. Swallowing thickly, John walked forward, crouching down beside him.
Sherlock let out a breath, staring at the duvet. The bed hadn't been made for a couple days now, not that he cared. He was tempted to look back over his shoulder when he felt John tracing his entrance slowly. He moaned a little, tensing slightly as John pushed the digit into him. He hummed, eyes fluttering shut for a moment before he couldn't help but try and look back at John.
"I'm not angry at you, why would I be?" Sherlock asked.
Eventually, the sun started to creep up, and Sherlock's eyes pulled shut a little, dozing lightly. He was amazed at how easy it was to nap now.
John wrapped his arms around his sister, breathing deeply through his nose and working not to get upset again. He thought he had cried enough for one day.
John took Sherlock's hand and squeezed it, tilting the ultrasound image so that Sherlock could see it better. "We're having a girl, Sherlock," he whispered, placing a soft kiss on his forehead, smiling gently to himself.
"That was beautiful," John commented quietly when the song ended. He gestured to the box. "Mycroft, I'm guessing?"
John paused, not really sure how to answer. "Omegas can have babies," he said. "That's all." He smiled, reaching out to cup her cheek. "We don't know what you are yet. We'll just have to wait and see. It's a surprise." He wiggled his eyebrows to make it more exciting.
The doctor opened the door slowly, leading John inside to where Sherlock was still unconscious in a hospital bed, cleaned of the grime and with a tube in his arm and wires on his chest monitoring him.
Sherlock leant into John's chest, pressing his forehead to the Alpha's chest. He nodded a little, wanting it to be true. But even if it was healthy... what about everything else? Moriarty.
John followed Sherlock's tongue greedily, groaning deeply and dropping his head back when he rolled his hips. "Enjoying yourself?" he murmured, running his fingers through Sherlock's hair, massaging his fingertips against his scalp.
"Is that why you were so uncomfortable?" John asked quietly, kissing the top of Sherlock's head and then resting his chin on it. "That's just her way of caring. She's always believed that secrets were stupid and hurtful, so she always pulled them out of Harry and me and made us face them. She did the same to you because she cares."
Sherlock shifted his body slightly, his ankles hooking behind John's knees, his own knees hugging John's hips a little. He shivered as John's mouth moved down to his chest.
Sherlock blinked a few times, letting out a breath. "Well you mentioned your mother, and I..." he trailed off, thinking about his own mother. She'd definitely been the more affectionate of the two, and her only fault was not being around. When she was, though... Sherlock had loved it. And when she was there for his first heat, it made it bearable.
Sherlock paced the bathroom, still feeling warm. He ruffled his hair, tugging off his shirt before he sweated through it.
John nodded wordlessly, understanding why it was so important to Sherlock.
Sherlock felt his ears burning under his curls. He smiled as Katherine got up and climbed onto Mindy's lap, hugging her. He leant against John and tipped his chin up to kiss him.
John looked up at the doctor when they were stopped outside of the door, anxious to go in.
Sherlock paused for a moment at that comment. "I… I know," he said quietly. "Doesn't... doesn't really feel real," he said quietly, truthfully.
Slowly, John peeled his eyes open, gazing up at Sherlock. "I'm sorry," he whispered, his shoulders starting to shake again. Lucian had been right. He had been searching for people to kill and for some pain to take back home, and he had been given all of that. "I'm so sorry.” His voice cracked slightly as he turned, his head away and burying his face in the pillow.
Sherlock's head was resting on John's shoulder as he slept, his face pinched somewhat. A little bit later Katherine tip toed into the room and crawled up onto the bed as well. She situated herself next to John and snuggled up next to him. "D-did Papa help Daddy?" she whispered drowsily. "Make Daddy feel better...a'cause Papa's coming back..." she said quietly.
"Good," he said, his voice sharp, military. "Give him the phone and tell him it's me, and if he doesn't answer, I'm leaving."
John tried to swat Sherlock's hands away when he went to check his bandages, but as usual, it was no use. He rolled out of bed, moving a bit unsteadily over to the other one, pausing on his way to lean up and give Sherlock a long, slow kiss. "Of course I will," he agreed, sitting down on the edge of the bed, his feet dangling a little off of the floor.
John nodded, keeping his hold tight on Kat. "We need to get the kids home. And the doctor said it should just be one person here when Mum wakes up, and I agree." He petted his hand through Kat's curls, kissing her temple. "Let's go home. Harry'll call when something happens."
John shook his head stubbornly. "No. Nope, I want to go. I'm just... a little nervous." He sighed, helping Sherlock stand and then following suit.
John didn't want Kat to hate the army. They weren't bad, they weren't the enemy. It wasn't their fault that John had a family, and he wasn't the only soldier that had a family. Stephen had left a mate and two pups behind. John wasn't going to do the same. "I know you will, baby," John whispered. "You're my good girl."
John chuckled, taking the shampoo and scrubbing it into Sherlock's hair. “Such a demanding little Omega you are," he teased, leaning up to quickly steal a kiss from Sherlock before he backed off so that he could rinse. "But you know I love it."
"Talk to Lestrade, he's with me!" Sherlock spat, leading John into the building.
As he turned down part of the alley he saw another person walking towards him. He stepped a little more to the other side of the alley, keeping his head down. Still though the man managed to slam his shoulder into John’s as he passed, throwing the soldier off balance hissing in pain as it was his left shoulder.
Sherlock's face crumpled a bit and he shook his head quickly. He swallowed, pulling out of John's arms. He moved across the room and picked up the broom again. His breathing was a little irregular, and he tried to sweep again, but he just threw the broom at the already broken windows. "God damn it!" he swore, throwing himself down to the floor and knotting his fingers into his hair.
Sherlock smiled, leaning forward and kissing John. "Oh god...that's...that's fantastic. Katty's just been so worried that you wouldn't be there for Christmas. And of course, I'll help you get bathed and such, it would be my pleasure," he said with a small wink. "Also, we've got a shower chair as well, so you're not standing the whole while," he said, just so...
John shivered at the cool water on his neck, sucking in a sharp breath at the shock of it. He looked down at the thermometer, holding it closer to see it better. He chewed on his lip, hoping that he was reading it wrong. "Tell me what that says," he requested, holding the device out to Sherlock as he leant over the toilet and got sick again. He had thought he had read forty-two, but that wasn't... that wasn't possible.
"I'm definitely not letting you anywhere near them again," John agreed, his words turning into noises of pleasure at Sherlock's kisses. "God, you have soft lips," he murmured, tipping his head back to let Sherlock do what he wanted. For the moment, anyway. "And no. I was... mmm... worried about you."
The bell rang when the food arrived and Katherine jumped off of John's lap. "Pineapple chicken!" she said excitedly.
John shook his head at Maria, squeezing Sherlock's hand when he caught his worried look. "Can we have a few minutes to talk about it?" Maria nodded and left, and John turned back to fully face Sherlock, cupping his cheek. "I think you should," he said quietly. "Five millilitres instead of ten, though. Take off the edge but you'll still have control of what you're doing." He stroked through Sherlock's hair, his brows furrowing. "Love, you need to relax. Breathe," he instructed calmly, running his fingers down Sherlock's cheek.
John be in control. "Yeah, definitely need to make time," he said, pulling Sherlock's hip down quickly as he thrust up to meet him.
Sherlock nodded, still resting his head on John's shoulder. He picked a little at his nicotine patch, which was half peeled off from the shower anyway. He slowly pulled it off his skin, folding it into a small square. "I do. Your mother actually is staying with them right now, Harriet and Clara. Since... well for a little while. Just to get on her feet, I suppose," he murmured.
Sherlock straightened up a little, John's hand coming from his hair. "You didn't take anything with you John, and... I didn't get rid of any of your things. It was your flat, I was only ever living there," he said. He got out of the bed carefully, crossing over to his coat and pulling out his keys, John's keys. He walked back over and took John's wrist, placing the keys in his hand. "Don't bother calling Mike. You're going home," he said.
John shook his head, leaning into Sherlock's touch. "No, I'm just the opposite. Except for the occasional yelling, everything that's happening is just happening to me. I'm closing myself off instead of letting it out, but I'm not making that decision consciously. It's just... happening." He sighed, lifting up Hamish so that he was "standing" on the bed, keeping a steady grip on him as he bounced himself.
"It's okay," he murmured. "I know it's hard for you.And you'll have to teach Katherine to play rugby as well...if she's interested," he said.
John shook his head, putting two pieces on each plate and setting them on the table along with the butter and jam and mugs of tea. "They won't be doing blood work today. Just questions and blood pressure and temperature and things like that." He spread jam over his toast and took a bite.
Sherlock hummed, nodding a little as he pushed up off of the sofa. He moved down the hall into their room, looking longingly at his old clothes. He sighed, soon enough. After pulling on some clothes and the new coat he had had to get, he grabbed his shoes up, bringing them out into the living room with some socks. "It makes me feel so childish, needing help with my shoes and socks," he murmured, sitting down.
– fell asleep, her head resting on Sherlock's chest. "You go put her to bed," he whispered in Sherlock's ear. "I'll get started."
"Come join me, then, and it won't be such a one-sided ordeal," John said before he could really comprehend the words. But he didn't take them back, just stepped back under the water, leaving the curtain open.
"John. Hi." Molly smiled, walking over to her friend and wrapping him in a short hug. She cocked her head when she pulled away, noticing something different about the Alpha's scent, something that didn't quite belong to the John she usually pictured. She decided not to mention it, turning instead to the lanky boy by the body she had just received.
And his day didn't slow from there.
"God, I love you too, Sherlock," John breathed. "So very much." His thrusts sped up, though he kept his movements gentle and easy. He grazed his teeth along Sherlock's collarbone, intent on making this as good for him as it should have always been. "You're so amazing," he murmured, his voice mixing with a moan as Sherlock moved with him. "I'm so lucky to have met you."
Both Stephen and Bill shook their heads. "Sorry, Captain, but I'm going to decline to obey that order on the grounds that you're delusional from pain and blood loss."
May 9
Another shot. He felt his clavicle shatter, blood pour down his back, and he collapsed, gasping for breath that refused to enter his lungs.
Sherlock smiled. "Sounds good to me. Anything to avoid another pub run with Lestrade and Molly," he said. "You did get that picture, didn't you? Mind you, that was before the drunk spilled his beer on me," he recalled, his nose wrinkling a little.
"I don't really much care," John said gently, steering Sherlock into the bedroom and pushing him down onto the mattress. "I can't actually make you sleep, but you're staying right there, so you may as well," he said, walking over to the dresser to pull on some track pants and a jumper. He smiled softly, crossing back over to Sherlock and kissing him gently on the lips. "Go to sleep, love. I can manage just fine by myself." And with that, he left the room.
Sherlock gave John's hand a small squeeze. "It'll be fine," he assured John, tugging him a little out of the cab after paying the driver. They stood in front of a small house with a blue door, and Sherlock looked over at John. "You won't regret doing this John... and I'm here, too," he said quietly.
Sherlock nodded once. John would finish early, he was bright with what he could do, attentive, spending even his breaks and meals while at the hospital for study. Sherlock took this into account, and came up with five to six months in actuality, though he said no such thing. He would be told soon enough.
"John, listen to yourself. You don't need them, and there are currently Mycroft's people following us. Watching the flat as they have been for months now," he said. "You can be out of commission for a few day’s time. We'll be fine. I'm not giving them to you," he said steadily.
John stood beside Sherlock, his hand on his shoulder, squeezing lightly. He couldn't sit down, couldn't relax with Sherlock as tense as he was. "Please be nice to her, Sherlock," he asked, glancing down at him momentarily. "Just remember that she's doing her job and is just trying to help."
Katherine settled onto John’s lap, leaning up to kiss his cheek again. "Had some toast," she said quietly. She looked up, "Gonna be best Christmas ever...ah asked Santa for Papa to come home," she said quietly.
John rolled onto his side, facing Sherlock and reaching up to feel his temperature. "Bad hot or heat hot?" he asked, pushing Sherlock's hair back from his forehead and blowing cool air across his feverish skin. "I wish I knew how long this was supposed to last," he muttered to himself.
Sherlock flinched, feeling like John was shouting at him, he probably was really. Sherlock bit down on his lip, choking out another sob. "I was fine! Hamish and Katherine were fine!" he said, though he knew that wasn't true. Maybe Hamish was fine, but Katherine had known something was wrong with him. "I...I'm sorry John...I'm s-so sorry..." he said, shaking his head a little. This wasn't fair, John was right. He couldn't even do this...god he was pathetic. "Please...I'm s-sorry John." he said, peering up a little to see John's expression. It felt like a knife to his chest. "I-I'll f-fix it...this just...please, please come home? Wh-when...when are you coming home?" he asked.
Harry walked in, leaning over to look at her. "Christ... she's fucking beautiful," she said endearingly, despite the swear word. John smacked her arm with the back of his hand, giving her another look.
John slipped his bomber jacket back on, grabbing up his wallet and keys again before leading the way down the stairs. "Any place you want to go that you used to shop at? Or are you following my lead?"
“And yet here I am,” Sherlock said, gesturing with both of his hands to his person. “Difficult to comprehend I’m sure, however you did once.”
John smiled, circling his arms around Sherlock's waist and holding him close. "I can't wait," he whispered, kissing him back and swaying them a little. "Have you ever danced, Sherlock?" he asked suddenly, leading him back down the hall and through the kitchen, into their own bedroom where he started rummaging in his bag for the medicine.
Sherlock let out a breath, biting his lip again, a little harder. "Well there's... but I mean you never... knew her, I... god, never mind," he said, shaking his head a little. Stupid really, in all likelihood.
Sherlock felt almost weightless, shivering when his back became exposed to the open air. It took him a little while to come down and he could hear John murmuring to him gently. He hummed in response to tell John he was listening, but couldn't manage much more than that. He was gently touching John's chest, tracing one scar with his left index finger, memorizing it without opening his eyes. He didn't think he could open them just yet.
"Now don't throw a fit on me," he murmured, returning to the kitchen with the medicine and loading up the syringe. "Your daddy needs to sleep, okay? And I'll give you something to eat right after, I promise." He kissed her cheek and quickly gave her the medicine, bouncing her as he reached for the bottle and put the teat between her lips.
"Mmm…. Sleeping's not leaving," Sherlock mumbled quietly, tightening up into a ball again at the next cramp, letting out a steady breath as it passed.
John squeezed Sherlock's hand again. "Love, if you're not going to relax even a little and just breathe, I'm turning around and we can spend the next week at home." He came to a stop at a red light, looking over at Sherlock with raised eyebrows. "You are alright."
John moved over to the lift, stepping inside and holding the door for Sherlock as he pressed the button for the basement. "She's a little flamboyant," John warned, glancing up at Sherlock. "And she doesn't always know what to say, but she's a kind soul."
"You picked me almost a year ago, only that isn't me anymore I –" Sherlock remembered hearing Mycroft mention it once in the last month. "I'm broken," he said quietly, curling tighter.
Sherlock sat down at the end of the small sofa, his hands folded in his lap, gripping his fingers tightly. He glanced up at the mention of John's father, the three of them with somewhat mournful expressions.
The cold air from outside pushed Sherlock's scent into the room, and John sat bolt upright. "Jesus, Sherlock. Shut the window before you attract every Alpha in a ten-kilometre radius. Christ, you can tell you've been holding this one back."
to get you something, Sherlock."
This chapter is from John's perspective. It will shift from chapter to chapter, unless they're in two different places in one. I'm hoping that it will be clear enough in writing.
Sherlock sighed a little. "What time to do you have to go tomorrow?" he asked.
John couldn't help but feel a mix of pride and frustration at his daughter. She was almost scarily like him, and yet frighteningly like Sherlock as well. It made him nervous to think about how Hamish was going to grow up to act. "Yeah, we are," John said, nodding and taking Katherine's hand so that they could walk over to him. "Katty says she wants to take care of you, so we're going to go eat and get out of this cold.”
"You're a dick, you know that?" John whispered, setting his hand flat on the ground in front of him. "Missing your damn birthday and all. Had to eat the damned chocolate without you. Had to improvise with decaf coffee, too." He bit his lip, clearing his throat. "I bonded with that Omega you were always giving me shit about. Your mate's fine; I sent her an email yesterday. Kids are good too. They miss their dad though." His voice broke and he reached his hand up to rest his fingers on the ridge of the grave.
Sherlock tilted his head a little, looking over her and then snatching up the papers on her. Personal effects, clothes, watch. No sign of sexual abuse. No purse.
He swayed a little, looking out the back door at the snow outside. He hummed, walking over to the door, seeing the woods around, his hand going against the glass, which felt... so good. "John..." he breathed softly, a small voice telling him not to, but it was just the heat driving him, and he felt too warm. He pulled the door open, sighing at the icy blast of air as he stood in the doorway, taking a couple steps outside, eyes half open.
Sherlock followed John outside, lifting his arm up for a cab before reaching into his pocket and texting to have something delivered to the flat. He knew Mycroft would have them there in time. He leant against John, breathing in his scent again. "Are you okay? It had to be a little nice though, seeing them again," he murmured.
John fumbled in his pocket, his hands shaking like mad from adrenaline, and finally managed to pull out his phone. He hit the first speed dial and waited until the line connected. "Sherlock," he groaned, pushing himself up and slumping back against the brick wall.
Sherlock backed away from the door; no… no, he'd worked not to feel this again, it wasn't fair. That wasn't right, and that couldn't be John. He backed into the counter, his elbow knocking over a few empty vials which fell to the floor and smashed just before he slipped down the cupboards, his knees giving out and folding to his chest, glass digging into his palm.
"I know," John whispered. "I love you too. So, so much." He cupped Sherlock's face in his hands and lifted it so that their eyes were level. "You're going to bed after this. That's an order. Kat's not going to be hungry when she wakes up; I can take care of her." He leant forward to plant a firm kiss against Sherlock's lips before he reached behind him to shut the water off. "Come on, out you get," he said, pulling back the curtain.
John set Sherlock gently down in the centre of the bed, crawling over him and kissing him like he would never be able to kiss him again. He was still crying, knowing that this would be their last time before he left. He pulled back just long enough to take off Sherlock's top, then started kissing down his neck, roaming his hands over his body, memorising everything.
John looked down at the tea in his hands, a muscle working in his jaw as he fought off the burning in the back of his throat. Damn it all to hell, he was actually going to do this, wasn't he?
Katherine giggled again, bouncing a small bit. "Want make ging-bread house!" she said with a smile, seeming to forget her anxiety of her fathers leaving. Sherlock looked at her gently. If only it was that easy for him. He sighed, gently rubbing her back.
“Could be glamoured,” John pointed out. Sherlock hummed, Watson was of course right. The human could simply be doing the bidding of another. Or they could indeed be someone’s own pet within the police. At any rate, a vampire was behind this murder. He moved over to the table with the man’s effects and started going through things. “Stubs here see?” he pointed out to John as the other came close. His shoulder just gently brushed against Sherlock’s arm and he found himself somewhat distracted by that. He quickly shook himself, reminding himself that he was on a case. He didn’t need that distraction now.
Sherlock shook his head. "No, that's yours, I made it for you," he said quietly. He glanced up at John, sighing a little. "No I haven't eaten anything. I'm not hungry, and I'm on a case now anyway," he said quietly. "Transport can wait, I'm thinking."
John leant up and kissed Sherlock fully, stopping his worries and replacing them with something good. "I want them, Sherlock, of course I do," he said, cupping Sherlock's face and staring at him steadily. "And what do you mean, that you'd be no good? You'd be the best. I can't think of anyone else better suited for raising kids." He wiped at a tear that escaped him, wrapping his arms around Sherlock's neck again, burying his fingers in his hair.
Sherlock's hand stopped reaching and he went limp again, well, most of him did. He cried into John's neck, muffling his noises as he came, feeling John's knot swell within him. He was breathing erratically, laying still on the bed as he tried to steady himself, his eyes fluttering shut. "I...John, you...you're...perfect....mine," he breathed.
John smiled back, returning the kiss just as softly as it was given. "Alright, love. You know I just worry about you." He took Sherlock's hand, leading him back to the bed and crawled into it, leaving plenty of room for Sherlock beside him.
"Well had I not come along you would have been guessing what I liked as well as my size and it would have ended in me coming along for the exchanges," Sherlock said.
She tilted her head up to look at the two of them. "Going to make tea, Papa," she said with a smile.
“Yes, and you are not only my brother, but I am your Sire. It is expected that you take part.” Sherlock rolled his eyes again. “As I was saying, as prominent members, we must be present in enforcing of the new laws. We take human companions, yes. But the time of simply
Sherlock shook a little bit, pressing himself as tightly as he could against John. Finally, a choked out sob came from him and he burst into tears, not able to hold them in, even though John would have let him. His arms went around John, fingers clenched tightly into fists as he clutched his mate close to him. "I hate them so much....I hate them...for taking you away again, it's not fair!" he choked out, noise muffled as he shouted into John's chest, shaking.
Sherlock looked down. "Alright..." he murmured. "If only for your med school practice," he muttered, glancing over at John when he commented on him being stubborn.
"You shot off like a bullet," John smiled, cupping Sherlock's face and leaning up to kiss him. He pulled on his own shoes, then walked back over to Sherlock and took his hand. "Ready to go? I'm assuming there's some paperwork, and probably the date for our next appointment." He took a step forward, tugging Sherlock with him as he left the room.
"It was... just a suggestion," Sherlock said when John shoved him a little.
“Oh, you want Katty to share you Papa hmm?” he asked, handing Hamish over to John and scooping Katty up onto his lap and cuddling her. “Why don’t we just trade hmm?” He tickled Katherine’s stomach gently which elicited a giggle from her.
I'm not a poet, but I know that spring just means more heat over there. Flowers are starting to bloom here a bit, daffodils primarily. I love those. It still rains so much...wish I could send some over to you. I miss you, and love you always.
"Yes, I really think so. Lestrade's a normal person, and that's how normal people react," John replied.
Sherlock looked down again as Harry spoke up.
John shook his head. "You poured it all away, didn't you?" He knew the answer already, and he moved past Sherlock to the doorway, shrugging on his jacket, grabbing up his wallet and keys.
Sherlock hummed. "Don't be worried... ‘m fine," he murmured. "More than fine..."
Sherlock shifted, blinking his eyes open at the movement, only sleeping lightly, breathing through his mouth as his nose was stuffed. "Mmlove you too." he murmured in response. He looked at John, swallowing thickly. "Mmwhat did I say...to make you let me go outside?" he asked, turning his head away quickly to sneeze.
"Sherlock?" John leant back a little, cupping Sherlock's face in his hands and stroking his cheeks gently with his thumbs. "I thought we agreed that you weren't taking it this time?" he asked, unsure if Sherlock had forgotten or potentially changed his mind. "I want another pup, love. I don't think we should wait any longer."
"This one gets into the main door, this is the key to the upstairs door. The others... post office box, the lab at Bart's." John swallowed, resting his head on Sherlock's shoulder.
"Why wouldn't she?" John asked, as if the question was ridiculous, which it was. "You're her father, of course she'll like you. One nice thing about kids is that they aren't born with negative opinions. They love what makes them happy and dislike what upsets them. And you won't upset her." He squeezed Sherlock's hand tightly, tipping back another swallow of beer.
John had forced himself not to look back, because if he had turned around, if he had got just one more glimpse of Sherlock, he would have said to hell with all of it and gone back to him, and then he would have had the government on his arse and who knew exactly what would have happened. So he kept forcing one foot in front of the other until he was on the plane, and then he folded in on himself and started crying, ignoring the flight attendant who asked if he was alright. No, he wasn't bloody alright, but he remained silent, sobs raking through him.
Sherlock leant into the hand gently. "No... no, it's fine," he said. "Like you said... you're not leaving. And it was just a dream," he said quietly.
"We're waiting. Think about it – every one of the victims was taken where they had no right being, none of them are connected. They're random, so the killer picks them. But how? He can't just snatch them from public. No, that would draw attention. So who is it that hunts in a crowd and gets people to go with them willingly?" Sherlock asked, looking at John.
John looked up as the car slowed, clenching his teeth when his head spun. Christ, he had better tolerance than this. He thanked the driver when they pulled to a stop and then got out, fumbling with the key for a few seconds before he finally got it.
Sherlock hummed a little, closing his eyes when John's lips pressed to his neck. "I can't lay on my stomach... hard to accomplish," he mumbled quietly. He sighed, leaning back against John a little. "I just want sleep..." he said, wishing he could just
Sherlock sighed a little, scooting over and leaning against John. "Maybe," he murmured. "And of course I think so. You're a good father. You hardly ever let her be set down in the hospital, made me let them give her a shot. Mind you I'm not looking forward to a couple weeks from now. They're going to give her four or so of them. And then again in two months. So many of them." he said quietly. He didn't like people shoving needles in his pup.
Sherlock got John's email a couple days later; the days had passed quicker that time.
"N-no," Sherlock said quietly. "I don't. I... I didn't even know what month it was, John. There wasn't any keeping track of time in that place so I… I don't know when it is," he said quietly. He'd almost forgotten, for once. It was like he'd forgotten what he was.
suggest that I would just abandon her to nothing."
Sherlock's breathing was rapid, eyes moving wildly around the room and falling on John finally. He swallowed thickly, feeling his face warm in embarrassment before burying it in the pillow, curling as much as he could without it hurting, shaking and holding back the urge to sob that came out of nowhere.
"John, listen to me, it will get better, but you have to trust me... I'm your friend. And you have to wait."
John brushed his lips up Sherlock's length, the touch the barest of teases as he pressed Sherlock's hips into the mattress, keeping him from moving. He bit sharply at Sherlock's hip, almost enough to break skin, and in an instant, he swallowed his length down.
Sherlock set his phone aside, missing John already by the time he came back in. He smiled. "You didn't have to leave and get more... we had the left overs," he said, sitting up a little. "It's fine... we'll have them for later," he said, reaching out for John, wanting him close again.
Sherlock hailed the cab for them. They slid in carefully and he glanced out the window, his hand in his pocket, running his fingers over the cool metal. "Soon as we're back you're going to bed," he said quietly.
"Coming." John rolled out of bed, padding down the hall and into the kitchen. He smiled at Sherlock, the smell of Chinese food hitting him hard and making his stomach rumble. "Oh, fattening Chinese food. The best way to work up an appetite." He reached into the fridge for the milk, pouring them both a glass and setting them on the table before he sat down.
"Do a lot of drugs Sherlock Holmes?"
“Any other offers?” the auctioneer asked. “Going once, twice… sold, to number 384.”
Sherlock blinked a couple times, looking at John. "I'm okay," he said quietly, putting on a small smile. He tried to make it look as if he'd slept at all, stretching a small bit. "Morning," he murmured, trying not to think about the chances of this being the last time he could wake up next to John. He swallowed, nuzzling closer to him.
Sherlock's long fingers wrapped around the opal, the corners of his mouth turning up to match the smile given to him by his blogger.
Love always,
Sherlock watched her carefully, holding his side lightly, which was bleeding a small bit, but he wasn't worried about that.
“Notes here say that the animal bites are post-mortem,” John said, reading over the file. “They said he drowned though, fish wouldn’t have gotten to him that quickly. I doubted they even checked the lungs for water.”
John clenched his fists, ducking his head. "I can't, Molly," he whispered, his eyes fixed on the street below him where Sherlock had died two years ago. "I can't do this without him anymore." He swallowed, closing the distance between himself and the ledge. "Katherine..." his voice broke, thinking about his daughter who, every day, reminded him of the mate he had lost.
I realize it's not exact, and no I'm not going to explain because...well I don't know. Coincidence I would say, but perhaps the universe in this one instance is kind.
If it was possible, John's day was even busier than the previous one. He had to assist in a surgery today, basically acting as head nurse so that he was right in on the action. And as soon as that was done, he was whisked away by another doctor, who needed his "help" diagnosing a patient.
John shook his head stubbornly, keeping his head tucked in near Sherlock's, breathing in the Omega's scent and letting him inhale his own. "They can wait," he said quietly, his hand resting on Sherlock's belly, rubbing gently to try to soothe both Sherlock and Katherine. "You need all of my focus now." He looked up at the clock, seeing that it was past dinner already, but he wasn't hungry. "If you hold out much longer," he murmured, nuzzling against Sherlock's neck, "we're going to have two birthdays to celebrate tomorrow."
He didn't want to, he really didn't, but at the same time he
Sherlock shrugged a little with a small laugh. "I thought it was a little humorous myself," Sherlock murmured quietly. "And your hair is fine. Don't have to shave it all off," he murmured.
"You know, I think you probably could have gotten away if you hadn't been on bed rest for the last two months," Lucian commented, crawling onto the bed and reaching around John to undo the button and zip of his jeans before pulling them and his pants down. He left them around John's calves, preventing any more kicking. "Shame for you, but of course, that's why I came after you now. Emotional, filled with pain and looking to kill, wanting to feel something physically to take away the emotional trauma of your mother's eminent death." He bit gently, almost lovingly at a section of skin on John's lower back. "I gave you everything you wanted, John. Everything," he whispered, his breath hot as he slowly licked his way down. "Your life, your Omega bitch, your children. Time to give back."
Sherlock nodded, staying close to John. He hummed a little, pressing his lips to John's chest, and then up his neck. "Love you..." he said, knowing that he wouldn't normally say it, he had trouble with those things, but he felt it. He knew he did. He leant over and was lying half on John’s chest, taking up his lips in his.
John furrowed his brow, looking over his shoulder at Harry. "Are you and Clara alright?" he asked, concerned as ever about his little sister. "What's going on?"
Sherlock felt conflicted, trying not to lean into the touch at his neck – that'd make him weak and sentimental and... He huffed a sigh, weaving his fingers up into his hair.
"Sherlock, wake up. It's alright, it's just a dream." John tapped Sherlock’s cheek lightly, shaking his shoulder.
Sherlock saw her and stood, picking up Hamish. "We ready to go?" he asked.
He had properly proposed to Sherlock a few weeks after Sherlock had brought it up, but they didn't have a date set up yet. Honestly, John just really liked seeing the silver band around Sherlock's finger.
"I don't...I don't know your name." The human murmured drowsily. Sherlock stood, turning to leave the room, able to hear that the building was cleared out now. He glanced around the room, seeing a coat that no doubt had a wallet in it hanging up. John seemed smart enough, he would find the warmth and funds he needed to get home once he awoke.
Sherlock sighed a little, nodding a gently and freezing when John kissed his forehead. He let out a breath, looking over at Katherine before giving her a small smile.
John smirked to himself, pressing both fingers against Sherlock's prostate and rubbing it just the right way.
John didn't say that, though. He remained quiet as they got into the cab and drove off, wrapping his arm tightly against Sherlock's waist, holding him close.
John sighed, rolling his eyes. Oh yes, he was definitely pregnant. He just wanted the test confirmation, but he wouldn't push for it. He stood, digging the test out of the cabinet, and set it on the back of the toilet. Then he left the bathroom, walking out into the living room and sitting down in his chair, smiling at Kat.
Sherlock followed along with John as they walked into the store, scanning his eyes over the crowd as John pulled out their list. He grabbed things from the shelf, tossing them into the cart, eyes still moving. He let out a breath, watching as a small child raced past them with a bag of sweets, proceeding to beg his parents for them.
And when they met Sherlock’s gaze the barricade he kept on that part of his memories was torn down, and he remembered the first time he saw those eyes.
April 1
Sherlock looked up at John. "My scent hasn't started to change has it?" he asked, wondering if that had happened yet.
Screw doctor's orders, he wasn't staying in bed. He hobbled down the hall as quick as he could and found John in his chair. He felt his heart break again and he walked over to him. "John?" he asked softly, wondering what had happened in the dream, no doubt something different than Afghanistan. Sherlock had given him much more to have nightmares about. "John, it's okay. I'm here... and you're here," he said quietly, standing by him, waiting for any indication of an invitation to curl up with him.
John shivered, splashing water on his face. He shook his head fiercely.
Sherlock smiled, tearing the paper off and gasped a little for her. "A new bow... wow Katty, it's beautiful. Thank you," he said warmly, running his hand over it gently. "We'll have to try it out," he said. He looked over at John, handing him the package with John's camera in it. "For you," he murmured softly.
John was slightly stunned about Sherlock sliding onto his lap. He smiled a bit, wrapping his arms around Sherlock's waist and pulling him a little closer. "Hopefully he gets back to you soon," he murmured, nuzzling against Sherlock's temple and kissing down to his jaw.
John let out a long breath, scrubbing both of his hands down his face and nodding slowly. "Yeah, alright, I'll talk to Mum when she gets out. I'd rather not upset Kat more, unless she offers up anything to me," he said softly, noticing his sister's stance and immediately trying to put a check on his pheromones.
John held Katherine close, nuzzling into her hair and closing his eyes. "I love you, sweetheart," he murmured, just enjoying her being close. It didn't matter to him anymore how long he'd been out of the desert. He still saw it, still dreamt it, still remembered it and felt it. But when he was around his family, he was home, and that was all he cared about -- just appreciating time spent with them.
Sherlock shifted again, just wanting to hold Katherine again.
Sherlock looked at his brother – not dead – but couldn't find any words that would come out. He blinked once, taking a small step back only to bump into John. He froze, swallowing, and feeling horrifically small.
Sherlock winced a little as he was tugged forward, letting out a breath as he let John's face settle near his neck, hoping to soothe him a little despite his altered scent.
"’m alright," Sherlock said with a small nod, letting out a breath. "W-we... we're alright," he corrected, looking down at his middle, still finding it almost hard to fathom that he had something... someone, growing in there. Right now he had a small bump, but that could have just been weight for all anyone would know. Soon though...
Sherlock continued reading, typing in a new command now and then. "Seven years, signed on when he was a teenager. Reasons behind his discharge aren't on record, can't find it anywhere, but it was three years ago," he said.
Sherlock swallowed, biting on his lip a little, before scooting over closer to John, not saying a word and resting his head on his shoulder, looking straight ahead. He blinked, deciding that it felt nice enough, and, letting out a breath, he closed his eyes as well.
"Okay little girl, inside," he said, ushering her into the car and helping John inside, wincing a little himself as he got situated.
” the name was pulled out of his mouth a moment after the man’s eyes opened, the entire recollection taking a second or so. He knelt instantly at his side, his hand moving to push away the human’s, which was covered in blood, pressing it firmly to the wound.
John’s mouth was slightly agape, and he blinked rapidly as he tilted his head down, seeing the blade buried to the hilt in the side of his chest.
"He's sleeping, love," John replied softly, moving to sit down in his chair and patting his lap so that Katherine could wiggle up and lean back against his chest. "He needs the rest, so we need to let him sleep."
Sherlock didn't want to let her go, but she'd pulled away before he could hold onto her again. He wrapped his free arm up and around Hamish, shaking his head a little. "No..." he breathed in a small whisper, Katherine letting out a squeal of excitement when she poked her head into the stairs and saw her grandmother. "Please don't...don't take them....not again." he said, swallowing a bit.
John stared out at the sun-lit street, glaring at everyone who walked by. He was hurting, badly, in need of painkillers, but he pushed it aside. He was leery and defensive, thinking that another Alpha was going to come in at any moment.
John grabbed up the papers, smirking as he walked back into the living room. "Partly," he said, actually having not thought of that, "but mostly it's for signing these." He handed over the papers, retaking his seat. "I thought it might be nice to get away every once and awhile," he explained.
John shook his head, taking a couple more bites followed with a sip of wine. "I'm really not a wine man. And I don't need it, anyway." He pushed his pasta around, hunting a piece of chicken before pointing at Sherlock's dish. "You have to eat half of that, at least," he said, stealing a couple of his noodles.
Sherlock was pacing the bathroom, his arms wrapped around himself. He looked over at John when he came in and shook his head, still pacing. "Nothing... I'm fine," he mumbled, his arms still wrapped around himself. "You know... I did that... I made her afraid that you'll leave. That I'll leave, and never come back," he said, his eyes stinging. "I made her afraid," he said. "I made you afraid," he added softly.
Sherlock sighed, watching John's face as he fell asleep, seeing the features smooth out. He felt like there were a couple lines on his face that hadn't been there before. He traced small patterns on John's chest, listening to him breathe. Sherlock could feel the traces of his heat disappearing and he was left with the sickening fatigue and general horrible feeling from the last parts of the flu. He gently got out of bed to get something to drink from the sink in the room, since he didn't have an IV, and climbed back in, tired, but not allowing himself to sleep.
"Everything alright?" John asked when he returned, noticing what he could only describe as a worried expression on the Omega's face, though it was much more complex than just worry.
After a moment of nerve wracking silence, he was about to turn and leave when the door was pulled open by a young blond woman with eyes just as blue as his. "Harry?" he whispered, his voice suddenly gone.
When the Omega didn't, John leant up on his elbow to look down at him. "Do you want to talk about it?"
Sherlock let out a breath, it was barely just spring, but he didn't dare tell Mrs. Hudson no.
Sherlock didn't argue, still worn out from the heat. He fell into the bed wearing his lounge clothes that he'd pulled on lazily when he'd gotten up. Sherlock faced away from John and scooted back so that John could spoon up behind him, grabbing John's hand for him and placing it over his heart before pulling up the covers. He sighed contentedly, "What time is you mother bringing them?" he asked.
Sherlock hummed, "You've no idea how much I missed you....then again, I suppose you're the only one who really knows." He looked up towards the door, seeing the edge of dark curls and a single blue eye, a sliver of his now four, nearly five year old daughter. He smiled, then gestured for her to come in and Katherine shoved the door open, running inside and skidding to a halt by the bed, pausing as she looked at John. She swallowed, looking at the tubes and wires, and the healed cuts and bruising, almost not recognizing John under all of it.
"How can this be him?" John asked, and he hated that his voice broke. Katherine looked up at him, recognising the voice pattern change. Instead of getting upset this time, though, she just reached out and placed her hand over his lips. The simple, innocent motion brought out the tears he had been repressing, and he reached out to run his fingers through her dark curly hair.
John sighed, picking up Sherlock's coat and hanging it up with his own. He toed off his shoes and padded down the hall to the bedroom, taking off Sherlock's shoes before crawling in behind him. He wrapped his arm over Sherlock, resting his palm on his chest and pulling him back against him.
Sherlock hummed softly, a tired smile on his face. "Tired but... happy," he said, letting out a slow breath. He glanced over towards the door. "Mycroft helped raise me, I don't know why I could never see him as a father, but maybe he'd actually be good at it," he said with a small smile. He looked over at Kat. "She hungry again?" he asked, holding his arms out for her.
Harry let out a shaky breath, "Johnny..." she said softly. "Oh my god I...what are we going to do? What can we do?" she asked. "There has to be something..." she said, swallowing. "They are not putting you on the front are they? Just in hospitals once the medics get them pulled back yes? You'll be safer?"
John tossed the old bandage into the trash bin, turning Sherlock's wrist over to look at the healing wounds.
John didn't turn to follow Sherlock's gaze, as much as he wanted to. "No," he said, firmly but gently. "No, Sherlock, you didn't kill them. It is not your fault, and that's one of the reason's why you're here. You need to apologise to them and to yourself for carrying that burden with you all of these years. You need to forgive yourself, and you need to talk to them." He stroked his thumbs over Sherlock's cheeks, smiling softly up at him. "Tell them about our daughter, about solving murders, about all of the good things that they're not here to see."
John nearly choked on the sob that suddenly tore out of him, cradling Sherlock close. If he could have curled up inside of his mate's ribcage and never left, he would have. Instead he traced the outline of their bondmark with his finger, committing its shape to memory and pairing it with Sherlock's "Always."
John's erection was straining against his trousers, but he could wait. He could wait for eternity if he was waiting for Sherlock. He walked up behind Sherlock, burying his fingers in the Omega's hair and turning his head so that he was looking away, down at the mattress. "Stay that way," he ordered, releasing him and coating his fingers with lube. He rimmed Sherlock slowly, building up his bondmate's need even further, before he pushed one finger in.
John raised his eyebrows at Sherlock, smiling and nodding encouragingly.
Sherlock.
Sherlock swallowed, hand tightening on it. "Yes I still have it," he said, letting out a breath. "And I should have," he muttered, his jaw tightening a little.
John had to force his mouth closed from where it had fallen open. "You know, I knew you were smart from some of the comments you've made, but... smudges? You got all of that from smudges on my hand?" He shook his head in baffled amazement, a grin spreading across his lips. "That's amazing. Truly, truly amazing, Sherlock."
"No... No, go back outside where you were," he said. "Please! Just... go back towards where you were," he said, swallowing thickly. He stood up on the ledge, watching John as he slowly made his way back to the right spot.
Sherlock let out a breath, nodding weakly. "Mhm... mm worked," he mumbled, humming as John scented his hair. "Mmmaybe... more than two," he murmured quietly, trying to think, but his head was already wandering. "Mm John.... JohnJohnJohn..." he breathed, his eyes shutting as he trembled a bit again, voicing the only thing he could think right now, the scent around him, and that was the only thing bouncing in his head
God, I still can't believe that we're actually having a boy.
"You mean this touching thing?" John mused, nuzzling against the Omega's neck and just breathing him in for a moment, one hand still carding through his hair, the other stroking down his arm.
John took Sherlock's hand, leading him into the hospital, only a half step or less ahead of him. He walked over to the lift, waving at one of the nurses behind the desk as they passed. He pressed the up button, and as soon as the doors opened he stepped inside, Sherlock beside him.
Katherine giggled as the cracker was returned, shoving the whole thing in her mouth and chewing it.
Sherlock had been anxious the whole time walking to the cafe and standing in the queue. He ordered the sandwiches and left quickly, letting out a breath of relief once he was back in the cab. He didn't like being so anxious and nervous. It didn't help not knowing who that man had been, or who he worked for, what he wanted with Sherlock.
"Just the flu," Sherlock murmured, touching John's forehead again. He still felt hot, though thankfully it didn't feel like his temperature had gone up anymore.
Eventually, the cab pulled up in front of his flat, and, after paying the fare, John got out, lifting the boy back into his arms. He pounded on the door with his boot, unable to fish his key out of his pocket. A few moments later, the door was opened by his surprised Beta landlady, and he stepped past her into the building.
John held tightly to Katherine once Sherlock had left, drawing comfort from her and giving some back. He smiled at some of the things she talked to him about—her dolls, the eleventh Doctor, how she would play her violin for him tomorrow if they were feeling better. “You’re my sweet, brave girl, Katty,” John whispered, kissing the top of her head and glancing up at Sherlock when he came into the room. “Thank you, sweetheart.”
John leaned his head back against the headboard, but soon sitting started to become uncomfortable, and he gently switched to lying on his side, curled up so that Katherine was encased in him and his scent, snuggled against his chest the way she was. "You know, every time I've talked to you, I've been poking at you. I never once asked you how you are," John said softly, combing his fingers through her black curls. "And I feel horrible about that, Katty. I'm so sorry." He kissed the top of her head and held her closer. "Are you okay, baby? Really, how are you?"
Sherlock broke away panting, his head fuzzing over. "Can't... can't think... just so… John," he said, John's name almost coming out with more reverence than anything, and need.
Katherine's face got a little serious before she babbled, touching his face. "Dada."
"Stomach feeling better?" John inquired, standing from the bed and pouring more tea into the mug before dumping a pill into his palm and handing it over to Sherlock. "I'd like to try and get something sustainable in you today, if you'll let me."
Sherlock curled into a ball when the sheet was gone, moving in his sleep to press up against John. He mumbled incoherently in his sleep as he started to settle again, a sheen of sweat on his brow.
to come home at night. And I'm not sure I'm up to running just yet. A crime scene, that's all. I go and see what I do, tell Lestrade who did it," he said, smirking again as Katherine spit up all over the rag a second later.
Sherlock had, to count, four near melt downs since that first one, one of them almost happening on a crime scene. He had to leave quickly and call John at work to come get him. He felt different too, his chest tender, which was irritating, though sometimes
John let out a soft groan, pushing himself up and scrubbing a hand through his hair. "Right, yeah. 'Kay." He slowly stood up, grabbing his knife and then a couple pieces of the crib before starting down the stairs. "Come on, then. Let's get this put together so that I can snuggle with you til the kids get home."
John didn't worry about pulling on layers, just tugging on jeans and his typical shirt/jumper combination. The cold would be good for him, remind him where he was and help him stay focused. And physically, it actually would be beneficial to his knee. "He's probably going to be far more active than Kat ever was," he said, turning to smile a little at Sherlock as he walked over. "She never really got into much. She was a good baby. He's going to be a little ferret, I bet."
Sherlock let out a breath, holding onto his side. "Oh... she'll be fine. Molly will spoil her," he said, swallowing thickly. He'd started to feel a little warm and he stood up, stripping off his coat. He stood in the middle of John's room for a moment before he let out a sigh, walking into the bathroom calmly before his stomach heaved.
"I'm going to get Katherine dressed," he said, walking out to the living room and popping another pill. Just one so he didn't get tired. He'd already had more rest than he had had in ages, so he felt better than he had in weeks. "Katty, sweetie we need to get you dressed, we're going to take Papa to the doctor," he said, waking her up gently and leading her upstairs, not able to carry her like he wanted to.
John let out a tense breath, stroking his hand over Hamish's back, murmuring quietly to him to keep him asleep. He closed his eyes tightly, sucking in a deep breath and letting it out slowly, forcing himself to be calm.
John heard a nurse call for anaesthesia before he turned away, and he rolled his eyes affectionately, though pain at the thoughts of what this boy had gone through to make him so afraid tightened around his chest.
"It's November," John said plainly, as if that explained everything. He narrowed his eyes, leaning up and setting his hand on Sherlock's forehead. "You're running a fever. Probably from infection." John switched over to caretaker mode, leaning over to kiss Sherlock's cheek. "We'll be home in a bit, and then I want you to put your pyjama bottoms on and crawl into bed, alright?"
Sherlock shrugged. "I don't know, that was just observing. And I could always take courses online. Like I said, I could probably just test out of classes, I was going to do that anyway before all of
"No, don't. Sherlock!" John started to run forward, panic blooming up behind his ribs, coursing through his veins until he was consumed with only forward motion. Something hard struck him from the side and he fell, hitting his head.
Sherlock let out a breath, shutting his eyes against the memory of the crash. He didn't know if Mycroft remembered; if he did, he was silent about it. Though perhaps that didn't help their resentment. "No one knows about it. I... she couldn't know," he said, shaking his head a little.
John laughed, leaning down until he was half leaning on Sherlock. "Plenty of time to research," he teased lightly, ruffling Sherlock's hair with a playful smile.
"I'll get the door!" Katherine exclaimed, tugging open the door the restaurant and pushing it open, leaning against it to hold it in place as Sherlock and John both walked through. They were greeted as per usual and lead to their table by the window. Sherlock slid into the booth and pulled Hamish out of his car seat, pulling off his winter layer, since the restaurant was so warm. The infant babbled happily at finally having his hands freed, reaching up and grabbing fistfuls of Sherlock's hair and tugging.
John practically fell to his knees when Sherlock released him, his legs unable to support him without help. "Sherlock!" he snapped, reaching up for his hand and missing. He tried to will his mind to clear so that he could react, but it was impossible to force drugs from a person's system. "Don't you dare!"
Sherlock looked over at John, and then out the window again. "Because of what it can mean for other Omegas," he said. "It can greatly decrease the amount of kidnappings. Rather than hiding in the country or rushing out to find a bondmate, they can choose a more normal life, wait things out while the laws change or do what they want without heat cycles getting in the way." He blinked, catching John's meaning. "And it's not as if I have another person to test it on," he said quietly.
He tried to sit up quickly, wincing and gripping his side, which was most definitely sore.
"I've got you," John promised, managing to keep his thrusts while he reached between them and took Sherlock in hand, stroking him in time with his thrusts. He could already feel his knot swelling, which was testament to how much they both had needed this. "Come on, love. Come for me," he growled, nipping at Sherlock's earlobe.
“Stories must come from somewhere, Walters,” Sherlock said, understanding that for the human this must all have been rather hard to comprehend. Humans liked their small world, their safe world. Sherlock himself had been eager to explore what he knew the world to offer when he had been a human, but he’d had no idea the extent of things.
John stood up, taking his dishes into the kitchen and dumping the food he hadn't eaten into the garbage bin before returning to the living room to pick up the thick, journal-like text book. He found the words interesting, attention-grabbing, even, but his mind would so often wander to Sherlock that he found himself re-reading entire paragraphs because he couldn't remember what they had been about.
Katherine made a cooing noise, and Sherlock smirked, picking up the rag he had on his lap and standing. He moved over and draped it over John's shoulder. "I know, I
John swallowed, nodding along even if he wasn't sure he believed it. Part of him didn't
Sherlock's eyes moved over to Katherine, sucking on two of her fingers, asleep in her swing. He let out a breath, swallowing. John was making him feel... nervous. And it wasn't something he liked feeling from him.
"Love?" John whispered, his gaze flickering over the blood that was pooling on the floor from Sherlock's palm. He resisted the urge to step forward, clearly able to see how frightened Sherlock was and not wanting to spook him more.
Sherlock smiled, his eyes closed as he continued to play. He swayed a small bit to the music, moving both their bodies slowly until the song was over.
"That was amazing," John said with a smile, leaning against the edge of one of the empty slabs. "How did you notice any of that? And make the connections?" He shook his head, smiling stupidly as he dragged a hand down his face. "Brilliant. God, you're brilliant." He looked over when Molly came back into the room, handing a mobile over to Sherlock.
"You did really well, Sherlock. Remembering them like that? And pointing out the ones that didn't belong, making Lestrade look the fool... it was fantastic. You're quite extraordinary," John murmured, his lips brushing Sherlock's hair.
Sherlock leant into John's fingers like a cat, practically purring as he did so. He hummed, resting his head back onto John's chest and listening to his heartbeat. "Yes... now that you've bothered ask," he murmured teasingly, smiling as his fingers still lightly traced over John's scar, committing it to memory.
Sherlock didn't miss the wince when John leant up to kiss him.
Sherlock nodded again, not making a noise. He wouldn't do that; he wouldn't cry again. He couldn't afford to do that, John had to think, no, he had to know that Sherlock could do this. If John didn't worry...it would be fine. He nodded again, gripping onto the front of John's shirt tightly. "J-just us," he said with a nod again.
, the killer got rid of it, he might not have been as careful, could have left prints. He slipped up once, what's to stop him from doing it aga- aha!" Sherlock said, climbing into his fifth skip, pulling out a bright pink rolling case with his leather-gloved hands. He grinned, hopping out and hailing a cab. "Home. Need to go through this, and then think," he said.
Sherlock stood up, walking over and pulling on his coat. He let out a breath, hating going to hospitals, though by now perhaps he should have expected it. He sighed, standing by the door for John. "I'm sorry, I'm just... nervous, I guess," he said, feeling like it had gotten quiet. "I don't... no, I won't even try to say I don't understand, but it's just new, I'm not sure how to handle it yet," he said, meeting John's gaze.
John was quiet for a moment, thinking. Something about this felt familiar… he wasn’t sure he liked that. The way he’d been feeling, it made everything normal feel wrong. And now this felt, comfortable almost. That feeling alone made him feel rather uncomfortable with the whole situation. Just another example of his life never falling back into place, perhaps it never would. A part of himself he didn’t recognize was telling him this was fine, a good thing. But he didn’t trust that, it didn’t feel like him.
"I'll take care of it," Mrs Hudson said, picking up the bag she had brought.
Sherlock nodded, walking into the living room and sitting down in his chair. He sighed, fiddling with his fingers, running them along the faint scars on his wrists from the ropes almost a year ago. After a moment he sighed, getting up and climbing onto John's lap again without permission, feeling like he was sliding into place. He sighed, closing his eyes as he relaxed marginally. "I did... haven't heard anything yet. I'll know either way when he does," he murmured.
John showered quickly, mostly just wanting to get the smell of the hospital off of him. As soon as he felt clean, he towelled off and changed, padding back into the bedroom.
John stopped around the middle of the cemetery and squared his shoulders. He glanced up at Sherlock for a moment before turning sharply right and walking down the row like the soldier he used to be; only his slight limp and pained shoulder telling the story of what happened. He halted again towards the end of the row, turning on his heel to address the white stone before him.
Sherlock sighed, trying to think. It wasn't easy with his phone going off nonstop. He heard it ring again, and he lifted it up to his ear. "Mycroft, I swear, you keep calling me and I'll drop of the surface of the planet again, somewhere your mate won't be able to find me!" he snapped, voice cold before he hung up, pocketing it again and sighing. He situated himself on the cold slab again, trying to think still.
Sherlock rubbed John's arm gently. "It's fine I promise. I double checked with Mycroft. It's safe," he murmured, prepping the needle and drawing out some of the liquid. Same as he'd had used on him.
John smiled softly to himself, reaching out to stroke his fingers through Sherlock's hair. With a soft sigh, he closed his eyes. They all needed sleep, apparently, even if it was in the middle of the day. Humming lightly to himself, he drifted off, his hand now resting on Sherlock's hip.
John looked back down at Sherlock, reaching out to gently brush his finger across his cheek. "We named her Katherine," he told Mycroft softly.
Would have nicked his legs if he hadn't moved, but Sherlock didn't mention that.
Sherlock walked over to the bed and put his hand over Mindy's, giving it a small squeeze before he nodded. He turned and stepped out of the room, looking back at John as he followed with Katherine, who sniffled again. They started down the hall, Hamish having fallen asleep at one point. They didn't have a car seat for him, it was at Mindy's house, but he didn't want to put him down anyway. He glanced over at John, something was off, other than the obvious. "You alright?" he asked softly.
Sherlock settled against John more, slowly chewing on his next bite of chicken. "She'll be human," he said softly. "And hopefully by the time she presents, we'll be in a world where more people will treat her as such," he said, knowing things were already changing, but he wanted them to change faster. He thought once more to Moriarty, ever present in the back of his mind. He would have to end that, and soon once the pup was born. He'd send John and her away or something... he had to keep them safe.
“Slip of the tongue,” Sherlock said quickly. “Just understand that the world is perhaps not as narrow in it’s populace than you previously understood it to be.”
"No, you're right. It hasn't been that long – not even a year." John sighed, looking up at his sister. "I went with a friend of mine to an auction – he wanted to buy an Omega; I was just there to keep him company – and as soon as we got there I just knew something wasn't right about the place. All of the Omegas were coming out with bruises or forming bruises and they were still being bought. And then... Sherlock was brought up. He was..." John shook his head.
Harry grinned, looking down at Katherine. "God, she'll be chuffed. I texted her, she's sorry she couldn't make it," she said, looking over at her mother. "Being a dad suits you, John, and you'll be brilliant at it," she said, looking longingly at Katherine, remembering talking to Clara about them having one. She let out a breath, smiling again.
He ran his fingers through his hair. Who would call off the snipers? He swallowed, looking at his watch, John will have woken by now. He would have to do it. He walked to the edge of the building, knowing that that was where the cab would bring John.
Sherlock was curled up in his chair, spinning the band on his finger idly, smiling at it.
"You don't remember? Sherlock, you were burning," John said, concern evident in his voice. He rested his palm against Sherlock's forehead to take his temperature again, and he was much cooler than earlier. "You scared the hell out of me," he whispered, wrapping his arms tightly around Sherlock's waist and holding him close.
John nodded, gently kissing Sherlock's neck. "What are you here for, Maria?" he asked, looking curiously over at her.
"What time is it?" John asked, stifling a yawn.
Sherlock curled up on his side, almost wishing they were still fighting. There was silence for a few minutes before he rolled onto his side, facing John. He reached out and took his hand, frowning a small bit. "I w-won't...I just...I don't want to do it alone..." he said quietly. "I...you would wait though...wouldn't you?" he asked finally, "If there was somewhere else...you would wait...for me?" he asked.
He blinked a few times, feeling a little light headed. One of the nurses came up and took Katherine. "Got to bundle her up," she said, promising to give her back. Maria hadn't come back up though. Sherlock blinked again, still looking over at the small cot with a lamp over it that they took the infant to, not wanting to take his eyes off her.
He blinked once, though his composure seemed to soften at hearing the name. "Katherine..." he murmured quietly. He let out a breath, nodding. "It's suited," he said, looking to John.
John made a small noise as his knot receded and he slowly slipped out of Sherlock. "Hey," he whispered, nudging him gently. "Let's go get that shower in, yeah?" he asked, knowing he was stirring him from a half sleep.
John groaned as he read the message, not for the first time wondering how in the hell Sherlock did that. He was already through his first pint and had ordered another.
"Ummmmmm.... yes," she said, remembering to murmur a quiet thank you when she was handed her juice. She drank some of it down before continuing on her plate of food. She sniffed again, nose still starting to stuff up a bit.
"You needed me, idiot," John said, watching Sherlock pacing as he laid down, giving Maria access to his incision. "Of course I wasn't going to listen to you." He winced as she cut the stitches, tugging them out prematurely so that they could be replaced. "He has stitches, too," he told her quietly so that Sherlock wouldn't hear.
John furrowed his brow when Sherlock began speaking again, obviously struggling for words. A smile broke across his lips when Sherlock mentioned bondmates, and he squeezed his hand, leaning over to kiss his cheek. "You know, I've been thinking the exact same thing," he admitted.
John smiled softly, watching the two of them closely. "You're an idiot for ever thinking you'd be a bad parent," he said, continuing to eat and still wearing a smile. He took a sip from his tea and then leaned back in his chair, suddenly comfortably full. He tilted his head curiously but shrugged, standing from the table and putting everything away.
"Well I told him to get you," John mumbled, his eyes slipping shut as he leant his forehead against Sherlock's shoulder, breathing in his scent, which belied fear. "Didn't listen to me."
A quick inspection showed a large bruise on the Omega’s side, the shape of a boot evident, and it made John’s blood boil. Instead of getting angry, though, he walked into the bathroom, running a rag under warm water and returning to the boy’s side, gently cleaning the wounds on his wrists and then bandaging them when he was done.
John hummed quietly, nuzzling against the back of Sherlock's neck above the bite, trailing his nose up into his hair and just breathing for a moment. "I love you," he purred, nipping at Sherlock's –
John got off the plane and jumped into a cab, catching himself before he screamed the address at the cabbie. He was so close – barely a twenty minute drive away.
John set his hands on Sherlock's waist, staring solidly into his eyes. He didn't say that he could come home in a pine box, and it would still count as coming home. He just nodded. "I will. Sherlock, I'm coming home, I promise."
Sherlock looked at John. "You're having more than coffee," he said, his tone not as forceful as normal; he supposed it would be more difficult standing up to people now, Alphas at least. He sighed. But his compound wasn't ready yet, the other side effects not worth it.
"Hey, baby," John said, smiling at Katherine. "I know you wanted to go to supper with Daddy, but is lunch okay instead? We can still have cake, but Daddy isn't feeling good and he wants to be home tonight."
"Fine!" Sherlock snapped, turning around and starting back towards the flat. He'd get the bloody gun, and just try and stop himself from shooting John in the foot for being so... god, he just wanted to go to bed quietly.
Sherlock gave Katherine a spoonful of food, then a few more until the jar was gone and he took up his sandwich. "You really think so?" he asked, thinking. "Goodness... well, perhaps Mycroft doesn't know yet. If I don't, then... then he definitely doesn't. Good, yes, invite them to the party, I want to be there when he finds out," he said with a grin, eating his sandwich some.
"Tomorrow," John said, tugging Sherlock along and resuming their pace down the pavement. "I didn't want to make a fuss about it. Didn't find it that important, compared to... well, everything else." He squeezed Sherlock's hand, deciding to just take a small walk around the block, as opposed to the longer one Sherlock was most likely wanting.
Sherlock rolled up his sleeves, ignoring the turmoil he could feel bubbling a little in his chest as he pulled the irritating bandages off his arms, his scars and bruising visible.
John smirked, continuing to comb his fingers through Sherlock's hair. "Mum told her, of course. And I'm not buying you anything, except for what Kat suggested getting you," he said, heavy implications in his voice.
Harry nodded, smiling a little. "I won't... you're back now. We just work on that," she said, glancing over John's shoulder at where Sherlock was peeking into the kitchen. She smiled a little. "Looks as though we're being watched," she said softly. "He's interesting, seems nice, if a bit... skittish," she said, looking up at John. "Pups'll be adorable too with the two of you," she smirked.
John turned off the water once the level was high enough, turning to nuzzle against Sherlock's temple. "What do you mean?" he asked, wondering if he was talking about keeping the flat once he was gone or if he was on a completely different subject.
John...god, please...don't go, just...say no or something? Email me tomorrow...I don't want to wait. I don't want to see you on the news John...
Harry, then she could definitely handle Katherine.
and no one else's." He ran his hands up Sherlock's sides and chest, playing with his nipples and then dragging his fingernails back down.
"I've got it," Maria said with a kind smile, gathering her things. She squeezed John's shoulder before slipping from the room, locking it up behind her.
"You're an idiot," John whispered, putting as much pressure as he could on Sherlock's shoulder, ignoring the blood running through his fingers.
Sherlock,
“He’s gone,” Mycroft cut him off. Sherlock blinked once, looking at him. “So is your mother.”
Sherlock swallowed; he hadn't thought of that. "I don't... know," he said slowly. "Right now it's just... well I have you back and... I don't know why it's so easy. My wall isn't up with you," he murmured. "Not around Anderson and that lot, though, maybe? I don't... they already think I'm some kind of unfeeling freak." Which, admittedly, Sherlock was most of the time. "Not that I particularly care what they think, it just makes it harder to work when they're being more stupid than usual."
The corner of Sherlock’s mouth quirked up slightly when John woke up. Katherine had stirred a little, and Sherlock gently rubbed her stomach with one foot until she settled again, still sleeping off her flu.
John found Sherlock's hand and held it, gently stroking his thumb over his knuckles.
Sherlock blinked once. "You've promised me nothing. I'm not... I haven't asked you not to leave," he said. He let out a huff of air.
March 29
Everything seemed still for a moment, and John didn’t even feel much of anything yet, just looking at his side as he started to see himself bleed. John was a doctor, he’d been trained to handle situations such as these. He knew that if the knife was still in the wound it was best to leave it there as it would slow the bleeding.
Sherlock pocketed his phone, pulling on a dressing gown and looking up the stairs towards Katherine's room. He didn't want to leave her, she had to stay safe. But Harry knew Mrs. Hudson would let her in. He lifted the bag and shakily went downstairs, hailing a cab and snapping at them to take him to Bart's. He winced as he cramped up again, groaning a bit as he took out his phone again.
Sherlock hummed, pressing a little closer to him, the backs of John's knees bumping the bed. Sherlock wasn't sure why it came on so quick, but he wanted John. He nipped gently at John's neck, practically purring a bit.
Hearing Sherlock's name was like taking an ice-pick through his ribcage, but somehow he managed to nod and stumble up the stairs, collapsing into his chair when he reached it.
"John? Can you maybe try and stay awake for a few more minutes? Katherine is worried, hasn't spoken in hours, and it might be good for her to say hi," he said quietly.
John wasn't pleased at the mention of Moriarty, and he wanted to ignore the topic all together, act like nothing was said the way Sherlock sometimes did with a subject he didn't feel like discussing. "We can try to relax, at least," he half agreed. "I probably won't be doing much relaxing. Though I do feel a little better knowing we've got your protective old brother keeping an eye on us."
John snarled, forcing himself to stay calm as two men approached with a length of rope and another kept a gun trained on his head. He was fucked, because obviously he didn't need to be kept alive for anything. He was just being played with, now. "Do I get a name, at least?" he asked of the retreating figure of the auburn haired man.
Sherlock eyed his brother, not saying anything. It seemed odd, and yet Sherlock found it easier to forgive his brother now. He may not have saved Sherlock from that place, but he had saved John. And it was enough. "You haven't met Elizabeth yet, have you John?" Mycroft has softly, obviously attempting some sort of normal conversation since he knew that John had in fact not seen the infant. Sherlock had to admit it was pretty good, figuring Greg was having a good influence on his brothers 'people' skills.
John shook his head, noticing the hesitation. He wasn't as good as either of the Holmes brothers, but he was a doctor and a soldier, and he was observant. And with a conclusion in the forefront of his mind, things were clicking into place. "No, don't brush it off like that. Sherlock, I want to know." He stepped forward, easing the soup off of the burner and turning Sherlock to face him.
Sherlock swallowed, looking up at the door when he left. He sighed, leaning against John.
First time actually going up them not unconscious.
"Must've been a nightmare," he murmured, nuzzling against Sherlock's shoulder, "but I don't remember it. Just heard a scream and woke up." He leaned up, pressing a soft kiss under Sherlock's jaw. "I miss you too," he sighed softly, stroking his fingers along Sherlock's side.
"I'm... I'm fine," Harry said. "That was just... a lot to hear is all. You went through all that, and I didn't even know. I didn't know where you were or anything... and if you died... Christ..." she said, shaking her head before setting the glass aside and wrapping John up in a hug.
He wasn't far from his usual pub – one he had visited a couple of times with Mike before his life had been flipped upside down – when he heard footsteps behind him. He didn't even think to react before a hand wrapped around his nose and mouth, a strong arm banding across his torso, and he was dragged backwards into an alley. John struggled, unable to breathe, until he was thrown against the brick wall, a fist slamming into his jaw while he was still disoriented. He staggered, tasting blood pooling in his mouth, and didn't move to fight back.
"Heyheyhey," John said, a little bit of panic rising out of him at the sight of Sherlock in pain. "You didn't do anything wrong, I promise," he murmured, wrapping his arm around Sherlock's shoulders and pulling him to his feet again, ignoring the spot of blood on the duvet and slowly guiding him down the hall to the door. He didn't bother with jackets and barely got them both into shoes. "I would have told you," he promised, half carrying Sherlock down the stairs.
John raised his eyebrows at the demand, but he wasn't going to argue. "Still on about that, are you?" he asked, moving towards the bedroom. He heard Sherlock following him, and the sound made him smirk. He stripped out of his track pants, tossing them onto the bed before turning to the chest of drawers and tugging on a pair of jeans, pulling a black jumper over his head before he turned back to Sherlock. "Good enough?" he asked.
John could sense Sherlock becoming more uncomfortable beside him and left the room quickly after shaking hands with his other mentor. "One more stop and then it's just you and me," he promised, heading back to the lifts.
Sherlock felt his cheeks grow damp and he slowly sank down to sit in the grass, weaving his fingers into his hair for a moment as a sob wracked his body. He felt Katherine kick a few times, and his hands slid down from his head to circle his stomach as he sobbed again, feeling like his chest had been torn open. "’m s-sorry... so sorry..." he said, sounding almost like a wounded animal.
"He's fine, John. I wanted to tell you that now. Sherlock is absolutely fine," Maria said, nodding at the other Omega. She let out a breath, looking at John. "He did have... a miscarriage, John," she said slowly. "It's common among Omegas with their first pregnancy," she said, looking at Sherlock. "However," she continued, "one of the pups is still alive," she said softly. "Fraternal twins. Had they been identical..." she trailed off, looking at Sherlock.
Sherlock held John all the tighter and nodded a little, "I know. I know you don't, and I know it's not fair." Christ, it wasn't fucking fair. He let out a breath, pulling away a little bit and holding John's face. "But we're older now...can't just, ignore everything...this will happen, and it will pass, and then nothing like this will ever happen again," he said. "And I will still try, with Mycroft, everyday. Get you out, or get you moved...get you safe."
After spreading peanut butter and syrup on his pancakes, John dug in, hungry from not eating a lot last night.
Mindy walked up, taking her granddaughter into her arms and bouncing her gently, running her finger across the edge of her cheek. She looked up at John, who nodded. Katherine Nicole. "Suiting name," Mindy murmured, playing with the pup's waving fist. "Yes, hello to you, too, little Katherine," she whispered, smiling down at her. "Bout time you came out of there. You were getting a bit big, weren't you, little one?"
John smiled, resting his hand over Sherlock's bump. "Yeah, probably. I'm assuming that's a trait taken after me," he teased, nudging Sherlock's thigh with his knee. "You're taller, but you're not made up of much." He chuckled to himself, poking Sherlock’s ribs, which didn't have any space between them anymore since he had been eating.
John leaned against Sherlock, looking up from where his hands were folded on his lap. He shook his head slowly, having a hard time meeting Mycroft's eyes. "No, I haven't," he said softly. "Sherlock says that she looks like you, though," he said, managing a small smile at his brother-in-law.
Sherlock shook his head. "No. I didn't go last year; I... I couldn't," he said. "But it was the first time since it happened, that I knew what day it was. I never knew when it passed when I was at the auction house. I know I said last year went fine but…. Well, I might have polished it over a fraction," he admitted, looking down.
John closed his eyes, just enjoying being close to Sherlock; enjoying his smell, his taste, the feel of him unfolding beneath his ministrations.
John smiled gently, kissing Sherlock back and holding his waist. "I'm glad you like it," he murmured. "And yes, stop your thoughts before we hit forty, please," he teased, leaning up to kiss him again.
"Sherlock, dear." Mindy cocked her head at him, watching him carefully. "Are you alright? What's got you so worried?" To anyone else, she would have stood and moved to sit by them, but with this boy... she figured distance would be the best option.
“I still do not understand why it is you are forcing me to be here,” Sherlock hissed to his brother as they approached the large warehouse.
Sherlock whined and moaned, his eyes clamped shut as his body trembled. "Mm...mm'can't...I ca-...I ca-....Christ!" he gasped as he seized up again, coming once more as he felt John's knot swell. As soon as John was in place Sherlock let out a huff of air, going limp on the bed, panting and shaking all over.
John’s crouching near the wall of what he assumed used to be a home, practically reduced to rubble now. A bead of sweat rolls out under his helmet and down the back of his neck and he wipes at it, feeling the sand and grit against his skin. He can hear the peppering of gunfire, most of it seemed far away though. Not far enough it would seem.
John groaned in protest when he felt Sherlock stir awake, but that was all it took for him to be pulled from sleep as well. He hummed contently when he found Sherlock still completely flush against him, and he nuzzled against the back of his neck.
John squeezed Sherlock's hand as they walked up the steps. He unlocked the door, watching Katherine bound ahead of them up the stairs. He led Sherlock along behind him, helping him out of his coat when they reached the top of the stairs. "Come here," he said quietly, tugging him over to the couch. He laid down across it on his back, pulling Sherlock down until he was lying on top of him. He wrapped his arms around his mate, kissing the top of his head before settling back and closing his eyes. "Much better," he murmured quietly.
present on Christmas morning. "Though she has my interest in medicine, so who knows with her." He still planned on teaching both of their children how to shoot a gun, but that wouldn't come until they were each twelve at least, possibly older, depending on what Sherlock thought.
Katherine got dressed nearly by herself, Sherlock making quiet suggestions for what to wear. He did her hair, and Katherine looked up at him, noticing his somewhat shut down expression. "Go play with your dolls," he murmured, kissing her head as he let go of her hand as he turned into the kitchen to start making her some toast and eggs.
always getting in the way. He sighed, looking over at the pile of diapers they'd got yesterday, not having put the boxes away yet. "Thirteen days... is an eon," he murmured.
"There been any word from Harry and Clara?" he asked. Last he'd heard they were going away for their own holiday, Christmas being around the time that Clara had saved Harry from the auction house.
Sherlock looked down at himself, then over to the clock, realising how late in the day it was. How had he not noticed? He sighed.
Sherlock walked up to the body, looking down at her. Beta, asphyxiated, with... he narrowed his eyes a little. "Her purse strap," he mused quietly.
Sherlock pulled on his coat, following John down the stairs. "But that was our time..." he said quietly as he reached the bottom.
Sherlock nodded, following John to the door and then passing him down the steps.
Sherlock moaned a little, pressing up back into the kiss, tasting John in return, another small noise rising from him. Sherlock was already flushed, sweat on his brow from his fever, and now he just felt warmer, his breathing in irregular bursts.
John slowly stood from the bed, walking over to grab the lube from where Sherlock said it would be and then returning to the bed, settling himself between Sherlock's legs. He hitched one of Sherlock's knees up, nuzzling against the inside of his thigh – another spot that had a heavy concentration of his smell – his eyes focused on Sherlock's the entire time.
Sherlock furrowed his brow a little, looking over at Katherine, who was also looking at him. "What's clone?" she asked, blinking a few times.
"He was American, but he was in control of a large group of Afghani -- that's what we call them over there," John explained, shrugging. "He was taller than me but not as tall as you; I'm guessing about 5'11" or so. His voice was rich, but not as low as yours, and his eyes were a deep warm brown in colour, but I could see the coldness in them. He had auburn hair, too. Little more red than true auburn, though, and he had like... a pretty-boy hair style, but he wasn't afraid to get his hands dirty."
"Ah 'member Daddy playing violin, and holding me, and kissing Papa," Katherine said with assurance, nodding several times. "And playing... playing with Daddy's hair," she said, reaching up and tugging on it a little as example.
"Hey." John reached over, taking one of Sherlock's hands in his own and squeezing it tightly. "You're alright. We're both alright." He glanced over at Sherlock, his eyebrows knitting in worry. "Talk to me about it, please. Whatever's bothering you… I want to know so that I can help."
John tilted Sherlock's head back towards him, meeting his gaze. "I know," he said quietly. "I know you want him, but you and I both know that you have at least one more round in you, and then it'll slowly wear off." He kissed Sherlock slowly, cupping his cheek and lowering his weight slowly onto the Omega's body. "Can't have him back until then. It wouldn't be safe," he murmured, carding his fingers through Sherlock's hair.
Sherlock remembered quickly and took John's phone, putting his old email into it. He shoved it back into John's pocket and stole up John's lips for a chaste kiss, afraid to do more; he'd never let John leave otherwise.
He felt something press up against his mouth, a thick liquid pouring into it, and heard the gentle order again. “Drink.” And he did.
"I... I'll try and explain, I... tea?" he asked, sitting up. "I need to make tea... I just... need a minute," he said, getting up and striding down the hall to the kitchen.
Sherlock looked down for a moment, thinking. "I was taking a break anyway... other side effects I didn't want," he said. He met John's gaze again.
"Nearly November," John answered quietly, stroking his fingers through Sherlock's hair again. "You said something about January; I'm assuming that's when your birthday is?" he asked, following Sherlock's gaze out of the window.
"That's not what I was doing. I just got hit by a memory and couldn't pull myself out of it," John mumbled, not looking up at Sherlock as he put some medicine on his wrist and wrapped it in a clean bandage, taped it, and then moved onto the other. Surprisingly, he wasn't bothered at all by the way Sherlock had persisted or seen through him, instead finding it a bit... cool.
"How are you feeling? Your fever broke about three hours ago. Are the other effects gone?" John cocked his head at the clothes Sherlock pulled on, intrigued to see him in comfortable clothes. More intrigued to see him moving around so fluidly; John's only memories of him were those of a timid Omega. Now all he could see was a self-confident Omega posing as a Beta. "You smell better today."
John made a small sound of trepidation mixed with relief. He needed sleep, but he was fearful of what could happen. "How long does it last?" he asked, hoping for somewhere right around eight hours. He walked into the bedroom ahead of Sherlock, fixing up Katherine's cot and then straightening the covers on the bed.
“I…what…what’s going on?” he asked, glancing around the room again before looking at the man. He blinked a couple times as he actually looked at him, something about him seemed… he almost wanted to say familiar, only it wasn’t. Still, John couldn’t look away.
Well that was Mycroft, always so to the point, though Sherlock could tell that he was
"Sorry," John whispered, though he wasn't entirely sure what for. Everything, nothing; it just felt like the right thing to say.
Maria shook her head. "Blood test," she replied easily, noting the concern on Sherlock's face. "John," she said, turning to the Alpha, "can I talk to Sherlock alone, please?"
It had been more or less a fruitless night when it came to cases, Lestrade hardly having anything for him other than a handful of cold cases. They took Sherlock less than twenty minutes.
Sherlock blinked a few times rapidly, letting out a breath. He didn't think he still had so many emotions tied to those memories, but then again, he never visited them. It was only in desperation that he'd accidentally stumbled across them. "I... I was thinking about my hands," he said. "You heard... trying to convince you to untie them," he licked his lips.
She settled a fraction, her hands moving to hold onto John's head, patting his face with her open palms, bending forward to gum his nose, getting more drool on him.
The doctor looked at John. "If you're responsible for him, then I'll have someone take your statement on that place," he said. "Stay as long as you like, seeing as he's yours." With that, he left.
fucking that handsome Alpha of yours." Moriarty tutted, walking over to the window and leaning his hip against the frame. "Of course I don't blame you. I'd be all over him, too, if he were mine.
Sherlock whimpered as he felt John push up into him, no preparation this time. He moaned though as John paused and he slowly started to get used to the pressure. He was just about to wriggle a small bit when John thrust forward again, and then again, drawing a loud cry from Sherlock, though each cry ended in a moan. He leant back into John, his hot back pressed to John's chest. "I... almost, I please.... god pleasepleaseplease," he begged, writhing on the bed and tightening some around John.
Sherlock stopped outside the gate when John finally got him out of the cab. He let out a shaky breath. "L-lunch, John, I just... I'm hungry.... K-Katherine n-needs me to... to eat," he stammered, trying to use that as an excuse. John already doted on everything to do with her.
John laughed, able to wake up faster than Sherlock, it seemed. He pulled Katherine into a hug, trying to rein in a little bit of her energy. "Yes, it is, and yes, we are," he agreed, kissing her cheek lightly. "How did you sleep?" he asked, holding her away at arm's length. He always had a hard time believing that she was nearly five. It made him ache for her younger years.
"No, she won't," John agreed, leaning down to kiss the top of Sherlock's head. "She's probably going to have everyone wrapped around her finger," he murmured, a smile slowly spreading across his face. "And she's got two protective fathers, so I don't think many people would be dumb enough to pick on her."
Sherlock swallowed quickly, gasping a small bit at the grip in his hair when John came. He licked his lips, catching his breath when he felt the tug. He slowly crawled up towards John more, kissing up his chest lightly before collapsing practically on top of John, resting his head on his chest.
"Mm-mind... ah like that shirt," Sherlock murmured with a small smile.
Sherlock let out a breath, shaking his head. "They'll find more doctors..." he said, knowing it wouldn't change anything.  "You need to come back." he said, holding close to John. "I want my John...I'm tired of being away from you, I've only had you back for ten months," he said quietly.
He thought about the promise, and he knew John meant it. He could feel that John meant it. But where stray bullets were concerned, they were unpredictable. Sherlock couldn't predict what was going to happen, too many factors. He let out a breath. "Food, now," he said. "Or
"Alright then, lay back for me?" Maria asked as she came back in, coming forward and bending Sherlock's knees a little, gently lifting up his gown. Sherlock closed his eyes, looking away, his ears a little red. He'd only had to get one other exam during the whole pregnancy, and that was when he'd lost the first pup, and he wasn't really coherent for that. John stayed up towards his head though, where Sherlock could see him.
– the auction house. Coming for you."
He flinched outright when the Beta handler smacked him, and John was half tempted to run up on the stage and beat the man. Somehow, he refrained, sitting tensely on the edge of his seat until it was just Mike and one other man bidding, and finally it was just Mike.
John had taught Hamish manners, and the infant now made a quiet sound and clapped his hands when he was hungry, looking towards John or Sherlock with wide eyes that he knew were hard to refuse. It had only taken one day, and all John had done was let Hamish cry and scream bloody murder. Mrs. Hudson had come up asking if they were killing him. He cried for an hour straight, on his back between John's thighs, with John rubbing his belly, telling him to calm down and ask politely, and finally his son had seemed to comprehend. He quieted down, sucking in uneven breaths and looking up at him with watering eyes, making a small begging noise and clapping his hands as if asking for something. The process had stuck.
"I was just unconscious for a couple hours, though regardless of that, it's only been a couple days," Sherlock said with a small shrug. He looked up at John. "You do need sleep though, certainly; you look horrible," he said, ignoring his own bags under his eyes. Those were always there, anyway.
“You’re the second person to say that to me lately,” he said. “I’ve got a mate at Barts,” he said. “Well, sort of a mate. He uses the lab down by the mortuary. He’s brilliant though. Couple days ago I got into a conversation with our mortician Molly about flatshares and we roped him into the conversation, anyway…I think he’s there now actually if you want to meet him?” he asked.
John cried harder. "No-no physical. One week, then on a plane," he said between his sobs, leaning back into Sherlock's arms and trying to stop his cries. He turned around in Sherlock's arms, burying his face in his neck and wrapping his arms around Sherlock's neck. "I love you so much," he whispered, clinging to him.
Sherlock leant into one of John's hands, letting out a slow breath. He hummed, meeting John's eyes. "Wasn't sure." he said quietly. He swallowed, reaching up and resting his hand on one of John's. "Should...should we ask Katherine?" he asked quietly, "I don't...is it done like that?" he murmured, eyes trying to close a bit. He pulled them open, letting out a breath. "Been three rounds...can we...wash up after this?" he asked.
Silly me...I forgot to update yesterday. Sincere apologies! Work was killer so...yeah. Also, important announcement at the end of the chapter.
Sherlock let out a breath, looking down and nodding a bit. He wanted to make him feel a little better at least, but it seemed he wouldn't be able to do that. "I know," he said quietly, resting John's hand on his stomach. This whole baby thing...it was just upsetting him. "What...what if we wait?" he asked quietly, not looking at John. "We can...always just...try again," he said quietly, hating what he was implying. He didn't want to, but he didn't want this to hurt John, he didn't want to miss everything, so who said he had to miss anything? But still...what that would entail, Sherlock almost wanted to cry at just the thought.
