Sherlock hailed a cab, and gave the address to the building that had started it all. He smiled, that John was still offended after five years that he had snuck off to find the woman's case, forgetting he'd had a companion. He had gotten better after all and Mycroft had given him a ride back to 221B. Sherlock thought back to that night, how he'd been so close to taking the damned pill. John had killed for him, to save him. He could have been charged. Of course he would have paid for the finest legal team in all of London, but courts could be so fickle.
Nothing happened.  Sherlock fell into the first truly dysfunctional depression he’d had since bringing John home.  He had such hope this time, sure he’d solved the riddle of neurotransmitters and  pathophysiology management.
“You will not tell her what transpired here tonight. You will pretend you did not read the flash drive and you will destroy it as a token of faith. It will save you the whole Christmas shopping business by giving her what she needs the most.” Sherlock stared at John, his eyes confident he was right and hating every word. At last he saw John give way and he nodded with sad encouragement.
“What kind of life will it have, Sherlock? I can’t wrap my head around it. It would never be safe, not with her living anywhere near it,” John had responded with sad surety.
Who's the freak now Sherlock? Who is the one who called and fell to his death, just because his needy weak best friend let him down? Who was the fake after all? John didn't need the judge's gavel or the slam of a metal cage door, to know he was guilty. He killed Sherlock because he is the one who put him on that roof in the first place.
The night settled in and Sherlock had been admitted.  He was not fully sedated but slept deeply thanks to a cocktail of  Antihistamines and Analgesics.
“Apologies.  I was upset.  I won’t lie about how cross I was at the time.  I had a bit of explaining to do after six weeks AWOL and then during my period of reprimand, I spent that time tracking down the human rubbish that dared to take one of my babies.  Ask Leopard or the Elephant, they went with me.”
[9:33 - We both failed to communicate some rather vital information that stood outside my decision making process. How was I to expect you to go tits up and gutted?]
Well, Sherlock knew this would come and he stood all the pitiful comments for almost an entire minute before he aloofly stated, "Thank you for your kindness, but I prefer to focus on the task before us, if you don't mind."
Ford had many lovers of both genders in his life and he still adored his wife beyond all rational explanation.  His clandestine conjugal visits had been both few and dazzling over his many years of separation.  Any other woman would have never put up with his absence nor his many dalliances, but he had not married just any woman.  She was both a Holmes by marriage and distantly one by birth.  It took a great deal of mapping to connect the two houses, but his wife was part of the raven legend.
Sherlock was peacefully lounging on the couch as he arrived. He seemed less than surprised at the details John shared. In fact, he exuded no alarm in any way. He had the woman's suitcase and yet calmly explained that he had found it. While John had been under surveillance and dealing with the worry that Sherlock was in danger, Sherlock obliviously ranted about the thought process of the murderer.
He’d jumped to the conclusion that John and Sherlock were a pair, from all public innuendo and his own observation of body language in the increasingly regular media coverage of their exploits.  He read John’s blog, searching for clues, perhaps expecting to find confirmation and therefore extrapolating what he hoped to see.  He had hoped for a Christmas reunion, of sorts, but Mycroft was far too distracted to follow his obvious yellow brick road, so he’d carried on, as was expected of him.  Time passed and his son became the meteor he’d always known him to be.
The day she walked out he was so sorry. He had never meant to disappoint her. Maybe he let her go too easily, but there were other issues there. He'd killed a man for following her just a few days prior to this talk.  Even with Sherlock dead, John knew he was not safe, nor would anyone near him ever be safe again.  It was for the best really.  She would hate him if she knew he'd murdered someone just because he suspected she may be in danger.  It was not the first time.  He and Mycroft had gotten very good at spotting these leftovers of that other life.  Mycroft had tipped him about the man following Mary and he had not questioned it.  Mycroft assured John that he'd done the right thing. Mary had filed the papers and had been so very calm and understanding. She didn't leave in anger, just a sorrowful resolve.
John followed suit, digging through the various compartments and discovering silk socks, an alligator patterned belt and Italian wedge nose shoes that matched the belt.  His own suit, was more classically cut and anonymous.  It was elegant, but did not stand out with distinguishing cut or stitching.  He liked it at once.  It was a perfect mid-range between wealth and stretched means and would keep him perfectly well appointed without drawing attention to everyman-John, the king of overlooked and unnoticed.  He smiled with approval.
John takes in a deep calming breath as his eyes roll up into his head leaving only soulless white visible for a split second. "Tea?" he croaks as he quietly leaves the bathroom.
"Bollocks. No. Please, God no. Ford Hall. Of course. Perfect. That is absolutely…my disaster of a life in triplicate. Dot the tees and cross the eyes I am…Going to throw up now," John said, actually turning slightly green.
"God, and you're brilliant. Hey Genius? In. Your. Head," the clipped reply plainly arrived through his ears, not his thoughts. "Change your mind about keeping me?"
"He was not ugly. My age, blond. A German fellow, funny and cheerful. I thought it would be more exciting, but I knew after ten minutes of snogging this was a terrible mistake. He thought I had an injury that had affected me. He wasn't offended. Quite polite actually."
His face flushed, “I don’t know. I’ll never bloody know, will I? Ancient history. Today he’s been dead longer than I knew him and…” He pulls a breath in and blows it out as if controlling pain. “ He should have not left me here. He should have come back. I asked him to come back.” There were tears in his eyes and that brought a macho anger.
“You asked him to come back from the dead? And he didn’t, so now you are suicidal? See, This is why we should talk more often. I was about to ask you out for dinner and find out all your secrets, but now I am rethinking that option. I’m leaning toward a refresher on how dead is more or less permanent. What do they teach in the army these days?” She rattled quickly without a lot of sympathy. She realized how she sounded and added, “Oh. Sorry. I tend to make very inappropriate jokes at the worst possible time. It is a defense mechanism, not meant to take away from your loss. So this friend of yours, how did it happen?”
The cabbie gave him a bit of a second look as he counted, raised his eyebrows in surprise and tucked his cash away. "Look, you got some place to go, mate? I mean, this is in the bloody middle of nowhere. It's a dangerous spot to be dumped out, you know. I mean, there's these stories and shite. I could take you on to town?"
He should have known it had to do with Sherlock. He stood his ground, detached and yet still confused as he discovered that these people who had shown all this power to impress him only wanted him to spy on someone who he hadn't even decided he wanted to put up with. No he wasn't going to get involved with all this in any way. He wondered exactly what kind of trouble this Sherlock was in.
He finally noticed that Sherlock was now pealing off plasters and still livid...more so because of John's laughter... Sherlock was wadding the sticky balls and lobbing those at John.
“ I didn’t realize I had ever failed you in that area, despite your ridiculously childish rules.  Tell me, do they come in to play for all your male lovers or do you deny me only?” Ford couldn’t ever remember feeling more anger directed at John.
"I would have stopped if you had asked me too. Call it my last gasp of sentiment. I always wondered. Jim knew your face and I only imagined. I saw it when you were with John. Call it jealousy. Call it whatever you have to, to make yourself understand that I have the ability to destroy everything I touch. This, me handing you a place to hide, is sentiment. I am handing you a bit of time, nothing more. Mycroft will be hunting you and that works in my favor. What my brother will do to you if you don't wish to play, well that…Molly Hooper. That? Is justice."
"One of them. He's found a fair number of those he has sought. It has been quite effective in creating chaos within this group. Sherlock isn't the only reason Moriarty's associates have found the transition to new leadership to be less than charming. But he has taken out some vital areas. Now Sherlock seeks Sebastian Moran. And Tiger by the tail is…"
Mycroft contemplated parallels. There were similarities, though intention must be weighed carefully. Government sought to protect its people and its resources, which was actually the same thing James did for his own people. Molly was certainly never in any danger from Jim Moriarty. Was she in fact protected?
Sherlock sighed.  “I was discussing our situation with Mycroft.  We are both concerned that our endeavors, though successful, have been rather mundane considering the expense involved.”
John brought his finger up to Sherlock’s face pointing it like a parent warning a child. “I mean it. I don’t care if you know what I am going to bloody well say. I don’t care if it matters to you or not. I don’t care if you laugh at me for the next twenty years. I need to say this. I have for a long time and you will eat one of those voluntarily, while I speak, or I will cram them down your smart ass throat. Clear?” John interjected in his dangerous soldier voice.
Father had immediately offered to bring the next one home to Mycroft, as if a fifteen-year-old boy may be in greater need of such a gift. Mycroft had declined father's kind offer, and hoped Sherlock would grow bored of Mr. Fellows soon. Mr. Fellows had been the only clean thing in Sherlock's suitcase upon his return from America. Sherlock certainly had not returned clean.
Sherlock glares at his brother. "I can always tell when you lie. He's alive. You want something. What is it, Mycroft? What do you want? What are you up to here? You know I would never be willing to buy his death without examining the body. That is far too stupid even for you."
John followed  without comment.  “About what?  The whole thing blew up in our face, we have no idea what happened and we are now getting shot at for no apparent reason, typical day at the office?”
Sherlock frowns and plops down in the chair never taking his eyes off the papers he's reading. "Losing your touch, Mycroft?"
Greg listened to Sally, but he just didn't agree. John deserved someone to go over the top for him. Maybe he did kill himself, but Greg knew his instincts said he was missing something. He didn't care what anyone thought, he didn't believe the evidence was the whole story.
"Oh please, you should talk of habits...I search this flat every three fucking days, Sherlock.  You know why?  Because you lie and it never stops.  You get in the mood for no reason and what do you think?  Will I stop you?  Will Rosie?  God no.  It is going to happen at some point and how do I explain it to her? Hmmm? When you are dead on the floor of an overdose?  Will she be old enough to remember?  Will I have to explain to my little girl that she was not enough?  That 'Herlock' left us on a lark...because he was bored and decided that putting shit in his veins counted more than she did?  You were her first word...not a repeating single sound.  But your name.  Does that even matter to you?  You pretend last year never happened...but it did...and every three days I have to dig..."John's voice broke, but he took a deep breath and a step forward and pointed at the floor to mark his end of the conversation, "because you don't give a damned about anyone but you. Putting you in her life...it was a mistake.  I don't want her around you. "
"No. I tried to be better for you but I only damaged your life for my effort. Not much cop in it for you, this wanting to fix me thing. I won't make the same mistake with Molly. If she hates me, she won't try to end it all for me or because of me or by trying to save me. This has been hard on her. It has made her fragile."
It was Mary who finally gave John the news. “He’s fine. Driving Mycroft insane and making trouble for everyone who is responsible for keeping him contained. Asks about you every day. There are negotiations to put him back in the field. It is exile and it is a punishment. I’m sorry. It isn’t great news, but…”
“Am I? Who would you believe?” Sherlock’s eyes narrow and his head shakes. “There is only one right answer to that, John. You must see. As for why? That is what we are here to find out.”
“God no. Not for years, Sherlock. He never forgave him, and he never will. You know your brother. He rarely ever has a change of heart.”
When John had refused, Sherlock had acted stroppy and put upon. Then he'd told John that Mycroft was making him leave. He'd gotten tearful as he told John how Mycroft would have to turn John over to the cleaning crew if John didn't snap out of this childish pout. Sherlock had spent two visits glaring at John, one offering some very tempting favors of a sexual nature, and now Sherlock was probing the limits of supposed depression. Every one of these visits broke John's heart in a different way, but he'd kept his expression pleasant and his voice quiet but firm. John's answer was simply, No.
John’s breath caught at the title and his head tilted slightly as the number began with random battle drums sounding like thunder in the distance.  Violas began a marching sound as snare drums tapped out gunfire.  Violins cried of fallen soldiers and cellos moaned of pain.  Then the strings all began to take on a whap-whap sound as if helicopters grew nearer.  The drums picked up the sound and soon oboes began to cavort amongst the gunfire.
He had studied his friend, learning his details and his methods, and like calculus or advanced anatomy or firing a tiny lead projectile from a tube of steel, John had his own formulas and ways of creating success.
She softened and he stood down, taking a deep breath and reminding himself that he was married to her and if Sherlock wanted him to hear her out, then he had to have a reason. Sherlock always had a bloody reason.
"So that means you did realize he has been suicidal for…well, ever since Sherlock." Greg reaches out as he watches Molly shatter, piece by piece. He hands her his handkerchief. Seconds later he folds her in his arms and rocks her. "God, I'm sorry. Sherlock, now John. I didn't want you to see. Mrs. Hudson sent me. She's devastated. Mycroft is there. He's got people searching his flat, it's all pretty cut and dry, but you know his posh, insufferable way. I shouldn't say that. Least he's trying and if not for him, they'd have called it a job by now."
Molly mutes the volume. She looks up at Lestrade and sighs, head shaking in denial. "It was definitely him. No question. Maybe they just didn't see him, and he got out." She is nestling into his arms again, hanging on for dear life and mumbling her words into his shirtfront.
“Of course. Your best friend is coding and that is the perfect moment to tell the woman he just proposed to that it was a ruse for a case. Good call that! “ He glared at John then made a sound of disgust. Sherlock turned to Janine. “It was a ruse, but I had intended to let you down a bit more gently, and not for some time. It wasn’t all as bad as I am sure he painted it. He’s usually better at this whole break up thing. He drives them off with broken dates and inattention.”
"It is very simple; a child could understand that I am a monster. You died because of that, John, and I would have done anything to save you. Do you realize how difficult it is to admit that I was wrong?"
"It may come to pass that you will find use for it. Perhaps you will wish some remembrance of him, in the form of a scholarship, or you may someday require it while clearing his name. Don't throw it away. Don't insult this last thing he wished. He had faith you would use it for good. He saw such good in you, John. Never forget that," Mycroft had said quietly in his bland demanding way.
Merletta was, after all, Merletta.  She would gaze at the realm with her cool green eyes and her world would be set to right before she chipped her face-cake for the night.  She would only pine when nobody might be looking.  She had known for years that her husband was alive, but she had played her role of widow with great dignity and tenacious resolve. She had, in fact, used her own resources to track him down and bloody well have a row whilst in the field and under fire. Merletta was not just any woman, she was the singular woman of all time.
John flushed with embarrassment when Mrs. Hudson jumped to the conclusion that John would consider the second bedroom unnecessary. What had he told her about him? He was a little miffed that Sherlock made no move of any kind to correct her misplaced deductions. John was most vocal in his insistence that two rooms were indeed necessary. He was not as offended honestly as simple thrown off by her surety. John had never once been accused of giving off any vibes of homosexuality.
He really did like how quickly she caught on to things and sighed contentedly, “Think it would have worked?”
John’s mouth hung open and the corners quirked up as he blinked rapidly and suddenly a fair amount of the misery that had nearly etched into his expression melted away into pleasant wonder and playful embarrassment. “Oh,” He whispered softly as the door swung shut.
"Please, please. My John. Just for a moment. Forgive me just for a moment, won't you?' he holds his arms out, fingers splayed exactly like that day the whole world ended. How many times had he dreamed of that distance closing and here it was, before him. What right did he have to test fate by caring why or how or by what power this gift had arrived?
“He was a genius. Worked with NSY all the time? Solved murders and found old Dutch paintings and kidnapped children? Consulting Detective? The only one in the world. He invented the job,” John repeated the words of a ghost with dreamy reverence.
“ This is important to me!” Sherlock tries to get up but he’s too weak. He continues to flail about as if fighting to reach his bottle of pills.
“Its fine. The corner just landed wrong. Stop fussing. It’s not like I didn’t deserve it. You were uncomfortable and I proceeded to tease you. Though, I admit confusion. If you could simply clarify that this is not what it…it’s a joke, of course. Very funny and I –“ Sherlock spoke in his odd rapid muttering as if he were on a case.
"Thank you. About time you picked up on my secret agenda. I'm only an apprentice reaper. Haven't earned my big scary sickle yet. I'll expect a gift upon graduation. Of course I took you to a doctor. You had a head injury. Only the best for my babies. Of course, he was not used to dealing with such small clients, had a bit of trouble calculating the dosages, but we got it all settled."
“Oh, so that’s how you want to do this, huh?” John pauses to sit up and catch his breath for a moment, smirking before tilting his head back to slick down his hair, causing Sherlock’s fists to clench. Sherlock tears his gaze away from the long, dripping column of tan neck before that internal alarm starts blaring again. John shoots him a grin.
thousands of pounds, but rather some boring dead ancestor of the Holmes family’s, but one sharp look from Greg promptly shuts Sherlock’s jaw.
Greg’s hands tighten on the wheel. He drives and drives until they leave the buildings far behind them, surrounded by snow on their way past the now-abandoned luge course.
John stares at him. Gone is the calm pillar of easy confidence which Greg had been for the last hour. He looks panicked now, his eyes huge and worried, and he’s asking for a phone, something John’s never seen him do on the day of a race.
And yet he knows, deep down, beneath all of these things, as the three of them try their best to look casual piling into a cab which will drive them to the most important month of their lives, that the churning in his gut is because the old pair of skis he brought along for himself aren’t meant for racing.
But he can’t afford to be distracted. Within thirty seconds, Sherlock has John’s room window rigged open, and he slides it along its groove until there’s a wide enough space for him to just fit through. His boots sink into the grubby carpet when he lands inside, and he carefully controls his breathing as his eyes adjust to the dark. A black thrill jolts up his spine as he glances around, taking in the easiest path through the room.
He punched my arm when I arrived. Yelled at me good-naturedly for ghosting him for months and calling Sherlock “such a flake the bastard’s basically a gigantic piece of dandruff.” I had a good laugh and let him get it out of his system – he had a right to be pissed, after all. I can only imagine the insulting or rude excuses Sherlock came up with over the past months since we’d stopped going out (in the daylight, that is). I himmed and hawed and told him about my job, asked about the team, chatted rugby, etc. God I’m bored even writing that.
John swallows hard. Remembers the countless times he’s sat down at a breakfast table to two pairs of eyes quietly glancing up, two mugs of coffee raised briefly in hello, two voices murmuring his name, glad that he’s there. One head leaning back for a kiss to warm lips, and another head bent down over an iPad, covered in messy curls.
for once in your fucking life.” He laughs weakly and raises a hand. “As if . . . as if you falling is somehow your fault. Like you aren’t allowed to try to . . . like you have to be perfect. Like you did it to hurt me.” He shakes his head in his hand. “God, all for a prelims run . . . I was ready to be fucking furious.”
Greg doesn’t know that the reason John was sleeping down alongside the beach in the back of a station wagon when they first met was because he’d stepped off a Navy vessel fresh from the Vietnam coast just two months before with nowhere to go and nothing to do. He doesn’t know that John’s never once set foot back in the little Long Beach trailer park where his mom’s frilly waitress cap hung off the metal doorknob each night. He doesn’t know that John shot a man face to face at point blank range and then looked down at the dying body to see that the kid was too young to even have a driver’s license. He doesn’t know that John thinks about the way Greg’s thighs hug the smooth fiberglass and wood of his board. Thinks in the middle of a fourteen-hour shift down at the dockyards of the precise, unchanging process Greg uses to tie up his hair in a bun, revealing the smooth skin of his tan neck.
He realizes he hasn’t answered. He pulls John even closer in the embrace, letting him rest his body against him. “More than anything,” he whispers. Then, “You came back.”
Greg pushes him forward towards the doors by the back of his shoulder, leading Molly along beside him as they walk. “I know what you should say. You should thank the only two people who’ll put up with your miserable ass and still pick you up from LAX at rush hour even though you never called to tell them you won the fucking Billabong –”
“Scott Holmes?” She sucks in a shaking breath and wipes the back of her hand under her wet nose. “Scott
He's burning with questions. What Scotty does for a living, who he surfs with along the shore over there, how he ended up with that house, how he ended up with his own fucking private beach, if he sways alone on that hammock all the hours he isn’t doing . . . whatever the hell else he does.
John grins, eyes soft with nostalgia. “This guy who lived in the trailer next door to me and my mom. I thought he was so ancient growing up, but he must’ve been only fifty. He surfed in Florida in the 20’s. Can’t really remember how it started but he must have taken a liking to me, or maybe my mom asked him to look after me when she was off at work. Anyway he’d keep an eye on me when I was down by the water, and when I was six or so he put me on a board and spent a whole year teaching me how. I don’t even remember his name, actually. Just called him Mr. Cool.”
Turn to see Watson standing on the other side of the kitchen counter, casually preparing cups of tea and cutting thick slices of a sugar-dusted, golden-brown cake. He’s wearing a thin t-shirt, one we’ve seen him wear under his uniform jacket, and we see he’s wearing soft jeans with bare feet when he steps out from around the counter to carry over two of the cups of tea.
But no brilliant idea presents itself, and he’s still just standing in the middle of his room half-dressed for no reason.
Sherlock scoffs. “She’s merciless. I could almost respect her tenacity in nabbing you for her story, if it wasn’t
My nurse grows still beside me, and there’s tension in her shoulders. “Would you still like to have your last Visit on Saturday?” she asks. The unspoken “
He could barely talk through his contractions, let alone take in full breaths. I could feel the top of his belly growing hard and solid as the rest of his body trembled and shook. Through some reserve of superhuman strength he stood up on his own, then raked his fingers through his hair and told me to tell the midwives to come back tomorrow, that he would be finished with everything he had to do then. Then he pulled out the nearest cold case file and started looking at it, his eyes frantically scanning the words without really seeing until he doubled over and nearly dropped the papers as another contraction hit him. The fragile noise that escaped from his mouth made me want to walk right up to God, whoever the hell he or she is, and demand that they take it all away from him, make me the pregnant one, make
A laugh bursts from John’s chest, and he shoves Greg away from him. “Jesus, between you and him the only person on this beach who I actually fucking like is Molly,” he groans.
I was truly touched and blown away by all the kind comments on the first chapter! Here I was mainly just writing this for myself, and it was such a joy and treasure to have you all join in on the squee with me! All my thanks <3
I place the letter down on the pile of Sherlock’s correspondence on the kitchen table. There’s dirt smudged on it from my hand.
John whips his palm off his left shoulder and blinks to see the carbon copy of every single snowboarder he’d ever seen in California standing right in front of him, his swoopy blonde hair shining in the beaming reflection of the sun from the sea of Village high rises.
He thinks of him with his hands held effortlessly behind his back, his feet spread apart, his chin high and his brow raised and his steady hands in control of a cockpit and that look. That
When I finally do see him coming clear over the crystal horizon my lungs give a sigh of relief – whether because he’s alive or because he ain’t quit the job on me and left the sheep I don’t know. I haven’t thought about much since he’s been gone – just let my bones and body meld in time with the mountains around me, breathing in the icy green and lettin’ the ribbons of pollen and campfire ash wrap themselves through the threads of my clothes. I’m pissed off now that he’s here. Only a day and a half and I’d grown mighty used to being well and truly alone. It makes a dark part of me glad to see the dark circles under his eyes, like he ain’t slept a wink either night he was gone.
-'Snaking in' means dropping in on someone else's wave after they've already started. It's surfing etiquette to leave a wave for one surfer at a time, so doing this is considered rude. It would only ever really happen in a competition setting if someone was trying to rack up extra points at the end to win.
Well, he tells me I surprise him all the time, but I suspect that’s usually just by not being a completely dull and useless idiot turd so the bar isn’t really very high, is it?
I nearly grab the bar in my haste. “No no no, it’s not that. I just . . . he’s a friend. And I can’t find him.”
“Aw you know she ain’t hearin’ a word of this, daddy,” Alma says, like I’m the one who’s the little kid, and she and Sherlock are lookin’ down at me like my own parents.
Greg swallows the words that had been brimming up in his throat and turns to John for the first time in what feels like hours. Sherlock freezes, his hands mid-air, as if he’s afraid John won’t say anything more if he moves. Greg can’t really blame him.
after not bloody telling anyone else and driving yourself to the bloody hospital. And I barely knew you yet. You’d barely been coaching me for three months. How was I supposed to be certain that you were capable of keeping your body intact so you’d be able to coach me again as soon as possible and I wouldn’t have to waste time looking for an incompetent replacemen—”
John nods, waiting patiently, and Sherlock continues. “We moved from Ft. Knox to Arizona when I was nine. I don’t even remember where, to be honest. Near some base down there in the desert. One day there was a church picnic after service on Sunday. It was like a hundred and three fucking degrees. I remember whining because they ran out of lemonade and I was sitting under a tree waiting to go home.”
He opens a reply to Greg, knowing enough about Sherlock to suspect that he probably figured out where John was anyway after that first text. Or else John knows he would have had eight hundred missed messages by eight twenty-two in the morning, not just eight.
“Is that . . .” Maxine whispers. She frowns. “That couldn’t be Lestrade? But he’s skiing down there with no poles!”
The noise of the stands is far too loud for anyone to have heard, but Greg still suppresses an irritating flinch—the urge to glance over his shoulder and protect his back.
Sherlock looks up at him through his eyelashes. John’s eyes are pooled black. “Do you want this?” Sherlock whispers. His voice is husky and hoarse. It’s insane how badly he wants to put his mouth on John’s cock. Unbelievable how desperately he needs to feel the weight of him on his tongue, hot and heavy, and taste the evidence of his desire leaking thickly from the tip. Sherlock knows his face is flushed. He rests his cheek against the top of John’s thigh and waits.
He looks back ahead and after a minute one corner of his lips quirks up into a grin. It makes me breathless and shaky.
Sherlock could sense my nerves the second the door closed behind them. A million thoughts were zooming through my mind – how to feed them, take care of them, how do they sleep and what do they need and how do we know what to do and when and why and how. . .
Watson, casually: “You know, he and I got into the biggest row over this, back when Gerold first told us about you all and the filming. I told him he was being too ‘misery and gloom’ about it all. Too bloody suspicious of everyone all the time to just automatically assume something would go wrong. That you all would . . . well, you know.”
On his fifteenth birthday Scotty Holmes walked up to the counter of the local surf shop with bulging pockets and purchased his first very own surfboard. He stayed up all night memorizing the rises and falls of the waves – the perfect stance to have on the board in order to surf a smooth barrel. Practiced paddling and popping up on the worn carpet of his small bedroom floor. Nine years’ worth of handwritten notes on wave physics. Nine years’ worth of observations on the clear, vast blue. The way the ocean breathes and the force of the spray. Angles of the wind and the thick black pull of the deep.
Christ, but it’s getting a bit hard to breathe deeply. And there’s water in his eyes. And the trumpets of
Sonya sparkles. “Let’s remind our viewers at home how Greg Lestrade has forever changed the sport of Super-G Alpine Skiing.”
Maxine is still waiting for his response. Up at the top gate, the nineteenth skier drops in to a bursting, bright cheer.
“Listen, that’s irrelevant,” Sherlock cuts him off. He places his hands on John’s shoulders, then quickly glances back at the beach to ensure no one has noticed them. His voice when he speaks is smooth and alive, rushing over John’s entire body like a steady, soothing breeze.
John chuckles sarcastically, and Sherlock fights the urge to reach out and take John’s hand. “You know me,” he says back. “Not much for sticking around. We’re just gonna head back home.”
“Duke O’Brien,” he begins. “Last year’s Virginia Beach champion, as you know. Second in the Sunset Beach invitational, fifth in the Surfabout in Sydney, and came third in the U.S. Open over in your neck of the woods in ’74 to get qualified for Virginia –”
Sherlock feels a thrill in the back of his mind at the prospect that he alone in this sea of people knows the clues to reading the secrets hidden in the lines of John’s body. That he alone has felt the raw power of those arms against his own skin, and that he alone knows that this man standing calmly on the shoreline, like he’s simply waiting in line to buy groceries, holds a forcing, dangerous strength in every inch of his limbs.
I look around me desperately, spotting the nearest nurse bent over the woman beside me, gently adjusting the Device on the side of her forehead. My voice sounds warbled and thick. Rusty like it’s been under water.
John stops just when his toes reach the icy, lapping froth and feels the cool wind rustle through his hair. He holds the bullet in his hand and looks down at it in the moonlight. He looks at it and he tries to think of a pair of lifeless black eyes on the floor of the jungle, or the look on Keith Hartman’s face when he’d screamed at him to save himself, or the way the beach had transformed itself in his final conscious moments to a Long Beach pier with a whipped-cream topped milkshake waiting at its end. Waiting for him as he collapsed down into the blood-soaked foam.
John focuses on calming his breathing as he keeps flashing his athlete’s pass at various course attendants, making his way past barrier after barrier, forcing himself through the crowds towards Sherlock.
Everything stops. I grab his shoulders, wanting to crumple up and scream. I glare into his soft eyes and let him see the ugliness staining my skin.
John’s name next to the tiny Union Jack in the standings on the side of the screen blinks, then moves up one place.
He’d stopped by Greg and Molly’s new place after his shift ended last night. He’d only been there once before for a party when they first moved in. He always remembered that night with a shudder – for multiple reasons. The main one being the fact that he’d taken a look around the place and realized that he was by far the oldest person in the room, and that people were avoiding him like the dreaded older brother, and that he had absolutely no business being there intruding on all of their good time by standing ominously in the corner with a warm beer in his hand and waiting for Greg or Molly to come over and talk to him. He’d left after twenty minutes.
I leap out the truck and duck in between two buildings off the main road. I sink to my knees and plant my hands up against the dirty cement wall to vomit into the dirt. My fist punches the wall hard enough to draw blood, and just when my eyes cloud up with tears I notice a man walking down the sidewalk looking at me like I’m havin’ a fit.
But then, as the camera slowly pans away to move back to the starlit peak of the mountain, we see a sudden movement through a hangar window. The camera abruptly stops to focus on it so we can see.
John’s left alone with Sherlock at his side, and all he can think to do is laugh. “What do we do now?” he says into the silence.
to paddle out and catch the next possible wave. To prove to himself that he still could. To prove that he had the courage to jump off the cliff.
But Sherlock’s answer repeats in his mind like a death knell tolling, howling and booming across the endless sea of white slopes. It hisses at him that he doesn’t even know whether John Watson will clap, or cheer, or cry, or kiss him, because he doesn’t even know if John Watson is down there in the stands to
“I don’t know what he’s doing,” Sherlock whispers as the last athlete finally skis out of view from the penalty loop. He shakes his head, like he’s irritated at himself, “I don’t understand.”
Greg briefly sends up a prayer of thanks that the camera focusing on the stands hadn’t somehow tracked Sherlock’s gaze and found him and John sitting in the audience, both of them suddenly overwhelmed at how gorgeous Sherlock looked walking under the stadium lights—how utterly perfect. How both of them had been blinking back tears in their eyes as they waved back wildly from the stands, and John had laughed that now he wouldn’t need to have kids, because he’d experienced his peak moment of being a proud dad.
And John’s fairly certain Sherlock and Greg think he hasn’t spoken to a single other athlete this entire Olympics. That he hasn’t made any friends in the Para housing, or struck up conversation at the Biathlon track. That John would have absolutely nothing to say to anyone who wasn’t named Sherlock Holmes or Greg Lestrade.
John fits his head underneath Sherlock’s chin and hugs him hard enough to bruise, fingers gripping hard into his back, imprinting themselves on Sherlock’s bones.
I can’t tell you how nervous I was. He was beautiful, your granddaddy. (Still is, but that ain’t the point). He was brave, and beautiful, and he was assured of himself in a way I’d never been for a single second of my whole life. He’d gone and done things. He’d seen half the world. He’d been with a woman. He knew and he knew and he knew.
We walk side by side in silence, following the liquid, twisting curves of the city, guided by the stars and the moonlight, far away from the thronging groups of people back at the center. His coat brushes against my ankles as we walk, and the fogs of our breaths mix in the thick, syrupy air. I want to look at him, but I don’t. I realize with a rush of shame and excitement that I don’t give a shit where we’re going. Who he is or how he knew I would be there or whatever in hell we’re about to go do.
“Man sure is nice to look at though,” Maxine sighs, as if John didn’t almost chew her out ten seconds ago. She winks at him. “You wouldn’t know, being a man  yourself, but he’s easy on the eyes, that Frenchman. Most of the other ski moms I know all swoon over his coach, that Lestrade. And I’ll admit, I had his poster on my wall too back when I was young! But these days? For me? Ah, it’s gotta be Holmes.”
They sit bathed in the fresh sunshine as the minutes tick by, enjoying the hot tea and biscuits Sherlock smuggled into the stadium. Greg peers through the swarming, ant-like chaos below as the athletes prepare, and the journalists and cameras descend, and the course attendants triple check that everything is in place for the next round.
The swelling roar of the crowd spills out to him over the surface of the water, mixing with the harsh slap of the waves against the shore. They’re cheering for his competitor. Surrounding him and clapping their hands all over that scar he keeps hidden beneath his wetsuit and reaching out to touch his board like a talisman.
“Wanted to get a lay of the land for a couple weeks first?” she asks in a Swiss accent, and with a perfectly-coached smile.
We watch from a distance as Watson says something to the group – short and precise. After just a few sentences, he subtly reaches over and touches the back of Holmes’ elbow with his hand.
Greg smiles, but it looks like a grimace. “Don’t turn me into a saint, Johnny. I never said anything to stop Kip and Dean and the rest of them when they got going about Scotty, did I? You were right there, and I let them –”
Sherlock is suddenly one-hundred-percent certain that he has never seen John Watson just . . . standing around without wearing his leg before. Never seen him not reaching for his crutches or hopping across the room or yelling at Sherlock for moving his leg when John wasn’t looking.
At some point I must open my mouth and say “I do.” And at some point Sherlock must hear his turn and blink once. I can hear Nurse Hooper sniffing hard, and I can hear my own nurse’s breathing quicken behind me. The man in the suit stops talking and steps back, and I know that the deed is done.
John huffs a surprised laugh; he can practically hear James’ answering smile through the phone. His palm itches, almost as if he can still feel the throttle lever curving perfectly into his skin.
John goes to laugh, cheeks just starting to grin, when suddenly the wave is booming against the back of his skull, and the rock is slamming into his forehead, and the tides are pulling him, gripping him out to the sea. He feels fear crawl up the back of his neck and swell up his tongue. He’s back on the top of a diving platform, waiting for the Lieutenant’s hands to shove him from behind.
Sherlock bows his head. “I sure am flesh and blood,” he says back. “Your daddy here sees mighty well to that.”
“I should have?” John’s eyes grow impossibly large, and Greg has the sudden conviction that the pilots serving under him must have been terrified when John was disappointed. Scared out of their wits. “You were the one who had
Nobody says anything as I’m wheeled down the hallways. My heart is racing, thumping like mad in my chest. I feel a hand on my shoulder as we reach Sherlock’s corridor. The warm, thin fingers of my nurse.
Hot tears fill John’s eyes. All the nights Sherlock had held him, come to him, every time John was cold, and now Sherlock is alone, fighting the impossible, thinking John didn’t even come. That he isn’t worthy of John holding him back.
Watson’s hair is gold instead of silver, in a crisp military cut. The camo of his uniform clings to his body, his forearms tanned, but he isn’t wearing his uniform jacket, because that’s draped around Holmes’ shoulders instead. Holmes, young and bright, with short curls and pale skin in the camera flash, is mid-sentence animatedly arguing with whoever is taking the photo, clearly making a point as he illustrates something with his blurry hands. He leans across the table, littered with empty bottles of beer. Beside him, Watson rests with his chin in his palm, grinning, but staring with a focused gaze at Holmes’ bare neck.
But Sherlock swings around the fifth gate as easily as all the others. Absolutely in control and perfectly at ease.
But then Greg is quickly reaching across the sheets, pulling Sherlock into his arms, that perfect way he always fits just-so against his chest, his lips pressed up against Greg’s collarbone through the old, soft shirt. His head tucked under Greg’s chin.
be the subject of an interview request, to stand there unnoticed and unwanted. But his body is there, still close enough to John that he doesn’t feel stranded, and he knows Greg’s ears are trained on every word.
I want to take it all back. I reach out my arms to touch him, but he pushes me away hard. His voice is a harsh whisper. “You look back on the damn short leash you’ve kept me on for twenty years while you been out livin’ your good and decent life, and then you stand up and judge me from the pulpit for needin’ the drugs to stop myself from wantin’ something I hardly never get.”
“You’ve seen what I’m like with Greg in interviews. Did you expect me to keep everyone on the edge of their seats entertained?”
“And have you fall asleep in the backseat?” Greg stands and puts a firm hand on John’s shoulder. “Come on. Guest bedroom exists for a reason.”
“Oh, that’s genius. Speak only in French as if that will make it so John can’t hear you and be distracted. Why didn’t
John smiles, but his face looks resigned and tired. Greg realizes John’s face looks the same way it had back in his Village room, when they’d been changing as Sherlock took his shower, right before John had turned and told him that he still got secret panic attacks Greg never even knew about, completely out of the blue.
He’s still wondering whether freezing-fire-escape-climbing could ever be an Olympic Sport in the next thirty-odd years when he reaches the window he knows is John’s, two stories up. Biting his lip and trying
Watson, smiling a bit: “Yeah, the bickering. Christ, if anything that made it all easier, you know? To have a way to be together here that wasn’t . . . well, what we really were. Are. And then we’d – we’d leave for the day, meet up back home, and we were just us again.”
And he hasn’t even needed to remind himself that he is John Watson, and that his body is currently maintaining an internal temperature of around thirty-seven degrees, because . . .
The camera cuts to the woman from the kitchen, sitting staring out the window over the mountains and cradling a cup of tea. It is Molly, Greg’s wife. Kids can be heard laughing in the background.
Sherlock likes imagining who just kissed who where when he finally hears the soft peck of gentle, wet lips, the deep inhale at the end of the long day, the whispered chuckle, the contented sigh.
I lean forward and take the small tin in my hands. Struggle to screw off the cap and squeeze some of the clear balm onto my bony finger. Paper thin skin. Without asking to I shuffle myself closer on his bed, then reach down and place my finger right on his lips.
Now, one week later, John continues to run his lips over the tattoo, waiting for Sherlock to slowly wake up beneath him. He feels the ink beneath his lips perfectly, as if the lines are raised into more than just a flat picture. Feels the ship’s anchor etched into Sherlock’s arm, surrounded by a winding rope and laying against a bed of white plumeria blossoms fanning out over his shoulder and dripping down his arm and back until they just reach the tip of the jellyfish. John keeps his eyes closed and kisses the exact place where he knows his initials are just barely inked into the bottom of the anchor, hidden in the details of the design for only John to see.
He’d been the only person on earth to witness Greg cradling Sherlock’s face in his hands like that. And now he may never even have the chance again. Greg will be the last one to touch his skin. And he’ll be gone . . . fucking
John frowns when Greg doesn’t say anything more. Sherlock traces the worry etched around his deep blue eyes.
And John couldn’t be up there with him even if he wanted to be, even if he wasn’t so angry he wouldn’t answer texts, wouldn’t even wish him good luck the night before. And Sherlock should have told John that he would carry him up there on his back, would have carried him even if it meant crawling on his hands and knees up the steep ice to the gate, would have done anything,
than say something like “getting my head in the game” out loud—let alone on international television.
Enthusiasm is my life blood! Drop me a line if you're so inclined - it's what keeps me writing! Ya'll are great! Long live Johnlockstrade!
“Sorry, but I’m going to cut this off right here,” John says, sounding every bit a Captain, so commanding that Sonya and Rick simultaneously fold their hands. Sherlock would find it comical if he wasn’t busy trying not to hyperventilate, his mind showing him a sickening loop over and over of his own pale, shaking hands forming lines of white powder, rolling up a ruble, bending down over the table . . .
He’s looking up at me now from the floor, and he has that look in his eye that means he’s about to suggest we either leave the girls with Mrs. Hudson so we can go out and solve a fun little case, or leave the girls with Mrs. Hudson so that we can lock the door to his bedroom and get to know one another’s bodies again, soft and gentle, awestruck and whole.
Madness overtakes him. Or maybe it isn’t madness. Maybe it’s the most rational, carefully planned out idea he’s ever had. But whatever it is, Sherlock takes a step closer until they’re nearly touching, only the fence between them. He looks Greg dead in the eye, giving him the smallest moment to pull away. Then Sherlock raises his other hand, trembling, and he places it on Greg’s warm cheek.
Something in her eyes told me she knew. Knew that this was not a simple visit to a new friend. Some other old chap who I’d met at some blasting club in Time.
I feel incapable and dumb, dumber than a pile of rocks, but Alma just looks quietly at my hands cradling the glass. She looks at them for a long time. I can feel her eyes tracin’ the scars. The wrinkles. The old spots from the harsh sun.
She’s looking at me with sad eyes, and I realize she’s thinking the same exact thing. She really is a good nurse, this little pale slip of a woman, floating on her feet like tiny clouds. Even with the pin on her collar.
He tries to smile, but it doesn’t reach his eyes. “They did draft me,” he says. His voice is low, flat and dead like one of them robots from the science fiction pictures.
He bites his lip even harder and checks for any other critically important unread messages buried in the avalanche of journalist requests. But John’s busy. He’s so busy he can’t even text Sherlock to eat breakfast. John’s gone and proven his skill, and so Sherlock can’t be his keeper anymore. He can’t sit plastered to the telly watching John’s face and wondering why he kissed him, whether the world agrees that John Watson is beautiful, why John hasn’t called.
Then Sherlock looks up, and he seems to be peering into the stands, his goggles tracking across the front rows of seats, the ADA section. With a thud, John realizes that he’s looking for Greg. For
He can’t even finish the words, and Sherlock nods, moving his hand up briefly to cup John’s cheek. “I know,” he says low. “And I’m telling you that would never happen. Never. You’re stuck watching my sorry ass now whether you like it or not,” he tries to joke.
I turn and get ready to leave, hating the fact that I can’t fully bring myself to look at him in the moonlight, looking just beside him to the ghostly pier beyond.
Sherlock speeds ahead of them towards the shoreline, board held up high over his head before he throws it down into the shallows and paddles out, duck diving under the incoming swells. John takes two trembling steps forward in the sand, wanting to cup his hands around his mouth and scream for Sherlock to come back, to let one of the other surfers go after Dickie caught underneath the walls of gushing water, to get his ass back on the sand and come and let John crush him into his arms so he can’t fucking leave his side.
John smiles at him, eyes glowing and soft, and the words Sherlock had tried to say in the middle of a desperate kiss five days ago come flying up once again into his mouth, perched and waiting on the tips of his lips. He swallows them down. It isn’t time. Not yet. Then he brushes John’s hair back from his face, resting with their legs entwined.
“Your beard tickles,” Sherlock grumbles into his pillow, halfheartedly shrugging his shoulder under John’s mouth.
A few scattered cars zoom past on the oceanside road behind me, winding their way along to an adventure or a rendezvous or a romantic picnic underneath the stars. Laughter echoing over the sound of car radios.
My mind races. I know that I have to say goodbye. Before it’s too late. I have to turn my back on him and the sea before I disappear back to the World forever. My last Visit – just like I’d told myself.
John lets himself reach forward and for a moment to hold Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock opens his eyes and gives a tired smile, and John feels his heart sink in his chest. He knows.
), I am unavailable for any interviews, specifically regarding my personal life, as my Finals are in 3 days.”
And even later, on those gorgeous, bright blue days out on the slopes, bluer than a painting, or on those dreamlike afternoons walking down the streets of Chamonix or London, Greg and Sherlock beside him, even on those pristine mornings of contentment, at the first sign of a camera flash, or a gasp of recognition . . .
Dave’s burger shack has a line almost down the whole length of the pier. John dodges skateboarders and families, fishermen and groups of bikini clad girls as he makes his way barefoot down the rough wooden planks, seeking out a bathroom or a lemonade or whichever comes first. A girl with waist length straight brown hair and a bikini top with cut off jeans roller skates past him and shoots him a knowing look and a wink, popping her lips around her bubblegum. For a fleeting moment John imagines if Greg looked at him that way, all sultry desire and radiating flirtatious confidence, and now he needs to find a cold drink to get rid of the warm flush on his sunburned cheeks. A Beach Boys song from back before John even got drafted blares from a little ice cream stand he passes in search of a soda, and John feels a sudden pang of nostalgia in the pit of his chest for the times he would hop in Billy Murray’s dad’s Buick and race down along Pacific Coast Highway with an ice chest of beers in the trunk and nowhere to be but the sand.
He closes his eyes, his face burning hot from something like rage. He thinks of John: John apparently, if this lackey is to be believed, sitting alone in his depressing room for the last 2 days, waiting for phone calls that haven’t come, religiously avoiding contacting Sherlock out of misguided concern for Sherlock’s stupid Final. The mental image brings a humiliating rush of stinging tears to his eyes, and he blinks them away, furious at his own incompetence that he has apparently gone two whole days without realizing that John Watson’s entire competitive future has been held captive to Sherlock’s refusal to read his emails and surf the web.
He nods. He looks over my shoulder like there’s nothing left to say. I don’t know how to tell him that I would give all the money I’ve ever had in the world to have seen him running down the halls at Cambridge, textbooks and beakers in his hands. Track marks hidden on his arms. I would have given every last cent.
John groans as Sherlock’s other hand pinches his nipple, and he pushes his chest into the touch of his hand, desperately arching his back.
Ten seconds later, Holmes suddenly walks into frame, following Watson’s path. He looks once over his shoulder before also disappearing down the halls.
It’s an apology for the end of yesterday. A guilt-ridden admission cloaked in a poor joke. Sherlock tears his eyes away from the tips of Johnny’s eyelashes and gazes out at the water while clearing his throat, forcing the corners of his lips not to smile too widely.
He sucks in a quiet breath, and the air between them changes. He sees Scotty’s eyes widen, and he slowly leans forward into the heat of his chest. He barely understands what’s happening as Scotty tips his head down towards his, lips gently parted. He feels his own hands reach up to grip at his warm, firm waist, afraid to press too hard, afraid to make this all disappear.
Greg tries to search for Sherlock back in the crowds, but all he sees is a blur of signs and flags. His stomach lurches as the screen changes again.
I see Aguirre glance to the center of my chest and I can’t breathe. I think he can see everything – that he knows my dog tags are bent from the explosion, and that my chest is a gnarled fist of ash. But he doesn’t know. He just sees a dumb cowboy who ain’t even been to Laramie, or Cheyenne, and he responds accordingly.
One week later, he’d written his phone number on a napkin, sliding it across a sticky bar top towards Sherlock Holmes.
Greg blinks, his vision clearing, and finally sees that the last skier must have hit a slick patch of ice and had plowed into the barriers separating the coaches from the course. The tracks carved into the snow from his skis form two lines straight toward where Greg had been standing seconds ago, one of his skis snapped in half and the other lost ten feet away.
John laughs, reaching up to run his palm up Sherlock’s lean chest, pausing to run his thumb slowly over his nipple. “Oh, right. I might have heard. So who is he then?”
Then, just as suddenly as he stopped, John springs into action again, flinging himself down on his board and paddling like hell towards the shoreline as a gigantic wave surges up behind him. The crowd holds their breath as John chases it, and O’Brien looks on from the side with a scowl, and Sherlock thinks he’s going to jump right out of his skin and ignite.
That changes everything. His whole body settles, like a block of ice melting down into warm, warm water.
I wake up with my pants still down around my thighs. I look over at Scott sleeping next to me. A handful of curls is down over his eyes and his face looks peaceful like them angels hanging up in the church hall. His prick is soft and exposed, and it near burns my eyes to look at it like that in the morning light. I curse under my breath remembering the sheep. Suddenly I can’t breath in the tent – my eyes might roll back in my head and never come out again. I pull up my pants and slip on my jacket as quiet as I can manage, one foot out the tent flap. I slip a can of beans and the rest of his Marlboro’s into my pocket and fetch the horse to make my way down to the pasture, wincing at the deep ache in between my legs against the smooth, worn leather of the saddle.
“I . . . I guess I wasn’t sure if you weren’t just wishing me luck.” When Greg looks stricken, he quickly adds, “I would have understood. It’s only the prelims.”
It takes Greg a whole minute to peel his frozen hands off the metal rail. But when he finally does, and shoves them deep in his pockets to get warm, he doesn’t leave. He can’t. There’s no logical reason why any coach would stay standing out in the frigid cold watching inconsequential practice runs when their athlete isn’t even on site anymore. And yet he stands there, watching skier after skier complete their runs, and he wonders . . .
“Could he not let somebody else have a chance for a year? Needs to go and pull this stunt again like he did three fucking years ago?”
Suddenly he can’t take a single minute more. He knows that the longer he stares at John Watson lying limp in the sand the more he’ll want to never, ever leave. He tears his gaze away, reassuring himself one last time that he is, in fact, breathing, and then turns to walk as fast as he can back across the sand to his board. He wipes furiously at a tear that escapes down his cheek, John’s dried blood cool and thick on his palm, other hand still clutching the blooming bruise.
Greg isn’t looking at him. He’s looking at Rick in a way John has never, over decades of watching Greg Lestrade give interviews, seen him look at a journalist. He looks like the least approachable person in the stadium, like some wrathful god.
Sherlock hates himself even as the words leave his mouth, but the rage he expects to see on Johnny’s face is quickly overtaken by – irritation? Curiosity?
But no. Greg and John don’t look angry. They don’t even look embarrassed. They’re looking back at him with steady eyes, the message so clear it brings a fresh wave of emotion to Sherlock’s chest: they are in this together; Sherlock did nothing wrong; this is nothing to hide.
Greg hums. “Yeah, I know you’re shit at it. But so am I.” Greg turns to look at John, bobbing slowly on the rippling surface. “I missed you, Johnny,” he says.
Greg grips the back of John’s thighs. “So you feel that it was worth it?” he tries to ask, and John bites the thin skin over Greg’s collarbone as he murmurs, “Guess we’ll see in a few weeks . . .”
I’m just about to fly around a corner when the man behind me catches up, mile long legs eating up the pavement in giant, graceful gulps. “Go right,” he pants, and I do. Unthinking. I tear around the corner and zoom down another alleyway, thrilling as the suspect (when did I start thinking of him as a suspect?) dashes ahead of me, briefly illuminated by pale yellow lamplight spilling across the cold pavement.
“Can the rule of today be ‘you don’t get to be an annoying dick all the time just to get a rise out of me’?”
He wants to strut over to John Watson and step on the hands and toes of all the other surfers and demand why, when they still have one precious day left together, John is already imposing their separation. Why, not even an hour after Sherlock had kissed him in the shady cocoon of flowers and opened himself up the entire beach’s scrutiny out on the waves just to make sure that John could win, John is now lounging back on his arm and acting like he doesn’t even know Scotty Holmes is standing on the same shore. Why John’s laughing with them and acting like those same smiling lips didn’t whisper the word “Sherlock” over and over again underneath the full view of the stars.
It’s all wrong. It wasn’t a fair trade, John thinks, for the universe to gift him with this success. Not if the trade-off is Super-Greg looking exhausted under the fluorescent lights, standing awkwardly on his knee, hiding away from an Olympics he doesn’t get to compete in with his hands in his pockets, a failing smile on his lips, just so some Class LW-2 athlete can feel like what he did is somehow equivalent to Greg skiing down sheets of snow and ice at ninety miles an hour to win Gold four times.
“I’d be most interested to find out where you plan to find the funding for such a production, considering this is probably the first time in history a Paralympic Final has ever sold out.”
He breathes a deep sigh and his shoulders melt as he smiles up at me. I run down the stairs three at a time and crash into his arms like my body won’t stand up another second without him. He holds me so tight I can feel it underneath my ribs.
“Fucking right she is. Sometimes I get confused out here wondering whether something’s you or a clump of old seaweed.”
John sighs as he feels his feet start to carry him out to the sand, shivering once at the chilled dawn air. He makes his way slowly down to where Scotty stands, hair rippling gently in the breeze. Scotty doesn’t look over at him when he joins him by his side. He doesn’t seem surprised.
And now it’s here, flying overhead for no discernible reason at all, her red, white and blue stripes in brilliant contrast to the sleek, black body, casting a shadow across the snow before soaring toward the distant peaks.
John yanks his muffler up over his chapped lips and tries to catch hints of what the official announcements are declaring in endless streams of French, Korean, and English. It’s the usual pre-competition robotic-sounding babble about the start time of the event, and the weather conditions, and how many athletes will run, and no outside food. John smirks to himself over the amount of poorly-concealed flasks and hidden granola bars he’s caught sight of so far.
And Greg tries to quell the uneasiness in his gut as their flat door slams shut, to be opened again who knows how many months into the future. He tries to tell himself it’s just nerves, or excitement, or the lack of sleep. That he’s an anxious coach for Sherlock; a nervous, terrified onlooker for John.
Because he had been gone. Gone this entire month. And now I had my husband back, naked and glowing in the fluorescent light of our bathroom.
I’d nodded, throat inexplicably dry. “My friend - Sherlock Holmes,” I’d said for the first time ever in the World.
He pulls back from our kiss and moves to pull off my shirt – the last item of clothing remaining between us – when I freeze. My wet lips feel cold in the still air of the room without his warm skin to cover them. For the first time since I felt his lips crash into mine under the moonlight, I feel exposed.
John huffs like he can perfectly imagine little Sherlock whining and hot and sweaty at a church picnic. Sherlock takes a deep breath. It’s been years since he’s even thought about this day. He’s never said any of it out loud. John waits, quiet and gentle on the porch, and Sherlock looks at the sunlight glinting off his eyelashes before he goes on.
John blinks. He hadn’t even registered skiers two through four run down the slope. Hadn’t noticed the cheers or the announcements or the times. Not even the applause.
“I don’t even know,” John says, still panting a bit for breath. He grins, and Sonya grins with him, then he laughs again. “Just glad to be here.”
” Greg asks, because he can only see the last ten seconds of Sherlock’s runs without the cameras broadcasting the course. He slips his hand in his pocket and counts the tylenol pills among the lint and spare coins. He has five left. More than enough to get him through until tomorrow morning, when the adrenaline of Sherlock’s race will act far better than anything medical.
From the pilot seat, Sam grins as they execute a beautiful turn through a steep pass. Beside him, Watson adjusts his sunglasses and says something in response, while Patrick nods along in the back.
“Sherlock!” I cry out again. I feel frantic. My mind flashes visions like death before my eyes – Sherlock Holmes slumped and wilting on the floor in the darkness. Sherlock Holmes pale with a needle in his arm.
I can’t imagine a world without you in it, little one. I would rather live in secret for the rest of our lives than live in such a place as that.
(think these classes sound complicated now? There are NINETEEN SEPARATE CLASSES JUST FOR SKIING ALONE)
His voice is crisp like cubes of ice. He stands there pulling off his gloves with long, casual fingers, barely even breathing hard, no sheen of sweat on his skin.
“You have me,” Greg whispers, straight into John’s ear. And he’s grunting in that way he only ever does with John, when they’re thrusting and tangled, when Greg’s teeth are grazing across John’s skin, and they’re both
Suddenly, breaking the silence, the sound of a helicopter roars above our heads. Watson looks up, shielding the sun from his eyes with his hand, and whispers under his breath.
Something changes in the air, then, as Rick prepares to speak. Greg feels the crackle of danger, the hesitance, the anxious tapping of feet.
Sherlock looks at his bare feet encrusted with sand and feels a flush of shame spreading up his neck. “I did,” he says low.
Sonya laughs. “Yes, it seemed earlier you were hinting that many of the coaching decisions—some of the angles, the ski design—they have been Holmes’ ideas—?”
“You do not have to apologize,” Greg whispers, his thumb tentatively stroking John’s skin, as if John will pull away any moment. “I . . . I should not have kept pressing.”
Greg knows. After two years of constant friendship and near daily pre-work surfs side by side out along the sleepy Los Angeles coast, John knows that Greg has trained himself to look out for the faraway dark stare he sometimes gets in his eyes. The blackness that pulls him down away from the jokes and laughter and joy of flying off the ocean spray on a shiny waxed board and entombs him in its deep, sightless depths. Greg sees it, and he doesn’t ask how or why, and he pulls him back up gently, slowly. Without pity. John knows that’s the main reason that Greg Lestrade has become his longest lasting friend to date.
Something tells me she done spent more time with Kurt in a year than I spent with Sherlock in twenty.
-Sherlock references a competition at Sunset Beach. That's the Duke Kahanamoku Invitational Surfing Championship, which ran from 1965 to 1985 until it was replaced by the Billabong Pro (not the Billabong Masters - confusing, I know). Sunset Beach is another beach along the North Shore of Oahu, famous for huge waves.
The camera cuts to a slow-motion clip of Watson looking out the window from the helicopter, slow violins in the background. The chopper sways dramatically in a sharp turn above the alps, and the white and blue of the Matterhorn peak reflects in Watson’s eyes through the window glass. He turns to the pilot next to him, Sam, and laughs as he responds to some words through his headset mic.
John looks up frowning, irritation prickling up his neck as he spots Maxine waving to him wildly from where she’s standing with one foot up on the bottom edge of a trash can.
Sherlock looks at Greg as John does so, and his throat feels tight with a nauseating wash of sadness. He can feel Greg’s embarrassment, thick in the room. He knows that Greg knows Sherlock saw what video he was watching. He knows that Greg would rather be caught dead than have John witness him struggling with his knee to the point where he apparently needs to ice it in the middle of the night.
Greg immediately steps back and holds up his hands in surrender. The nearly-warm-again air in the room turns to ice. Sherlock freezes halfway to the kitchen mid-stride.
-Soul arch = kind of an over-confident, slightly obnoxious move in surfing where instead of planting your feet apart and squatting for balance, you put your feet together, stand up straight, and arch your upper body backwards so that you're looking straight up at the sky. Besides hanging ten (being at the very tip of the board so all of your toes hang off the edge), it's one of the more show-off moves you can do.
is the most important thing to talk about after he’s just learned that John had a Wing Commander for over ten years, a man who literally saved his life, and a man whom John has never once mentioned to him.
I nod and try to clear my throat. I hate myself for not knowin’ the right words to say to tell her how those words have affected me. Instead I step aside so she can walk past me back out into the kitchen. She finds a pen on the counter and the back of a receipt from her purse and writes something down, then slips it under the only magnet on the fridge.
Sherlock tastes the groaning sigh that leaves John’s mouth as John’s hand comes up to hold the side of his face, fingers trailing through his curls and holding on. Thumb brushing gently over his cheek, soothing the bruise that came from the end of a fist while John had struggled gasping in the wet sand.
Last night Molly and Greg had been barbequing some hot dogs on their little patio outside the house in Redondo that Greg bought for them with the savings he’d built up over the last couple years working his way up from being a fresh recruit in the LAPD. John hadn’t mean to stay any longer than it took to tell him that he needed to cancel their surf plans for the next morning, but then Molly had taken one look at him and said that if he went home alone to his apartment and ate a plain sandwich when he could have stayed with them and had bratwurst and homemade potato salad, Greg would have to arrest him for stupidity.
Sherlock’s lips shake as he whispers. “I don’t – John, please – I don’t know what to do if you leave.”
“Sorry, Greg, but I’ve found I’m not in the mood for pleasure-skiing after all. I need to practice. Take me back to Jeongseong.”
Watson smiles, then leans back against the wall and unzips the top of his uniform jumpsuit. His white shirt underneath is soaking wet, and he wipes a forearm once more across his brow
“Hey dude don’t go!” he calls out, panting as he sprints. Sherlock stands still as he catches up, wanting desperately to run in the other direction.
Again, John only nods. Sherlock can feel his internal panic rising. The desperate need to say something,
The room around me goes absolutely still, and I place my wrinkled hand on his cold, smooth cheek. The wrinkles around his eyes look tired and grey up close. He looks like he’s fading – sinking away into himself.
Greg inwardly groans as Sonya and Rick stop with their mouths half-open. Sonya recovers first. “Sorry?”
” suddenly blasts across the grandstand speakers in an official-sounding voice. The crowd gasps in anticipation.
Greg’s face lights up with a brilliant, shy smile. “I, uh, haven’t told anyone yet. I just bought the ring a week ago.”
I woke up just before the sun, and the pre-dawn light was filtering into our room, turning the walls and ceiling into a velvet grey. Sherlock was pressed up against me, clinging to me like he always does in his sleep. His slow, even breaths were causing the hairs on my chest to ripple in the wind. Maybe that was what made me want to laugh, since it tickled. Or maybe it was the fact that I was lying in bed with Sherlock, who was solid and
Disoriented, his vision swimming, Greg peels his face from the snow and gets up on one elbow, blinking since his sunglasses flew off in the scuffle. There’s a hand on his shoulder, and a voice in a thick Russian accent close to his ear.
He’d waited all night for the anger to come, but it never did. Instead, John had felt the deepest, blackest grief, unmatched since those early nights of recovery in the hospital, back when his scarring and fractures were so severe the doctors told him that wearing a prosthetic might never be an option. That he may never walk again. And, even worse, that he certainly wouldn’t be flying any RAF planes—not in this lifetime.
“I don’t think you could ever be ordinary, Sherlock.” It sounded like an accusation, but he was fairly certain he hadn’t meant it that way. As shocking as the revelation that Sherlock was, in fact, Prince William had been, there was still something amazing about Sherlock that John could not deny.
Breakfast at Buckingham Palace was usually a family affair, so it was curious to have other people join them. The space to his left was typically unoccupied, as was the one directly across from him, leaving Sherlock to often feel like the odd man out of his family, not included in the inner circle of the King, the Queen and the dutiful heir. John’s presence next to him here made him feel less alone, and he brushed his elbow against John’s, much like they had while seated at the small table at Chelsea Barracks, just because he could and he wanted to.
“I didn’t expect to see you again,” I rush out, slightly breathless.  “Err, not that it isn’t nice to see you, of course.  You’re welcome any time.”
Sherlock ambled further into the room plucked a glass of champagne off a tray being held stoically by a middle-aged waiter - stiffness in right arm, wounded-in-action early in the war - in the corner, aiming to give the impression that he was settling into this tedious soiree.  He pressed the glass to his lips and pretended to take a sip, tongue darting out by reflex to clear away the droplets that remained behind.  He suppressed a shudder - champagne was truly awful.  Mycroft appeared to revel in holding a glass in his hand, like it made people take him more seriously.  It seemed Mycroft was always trying to prove himself a man.
As they passed through the main door of the barracks, Sherlock could hear music off to his right. A live band was playing an uptempo Bing Crosby song and one of the trumpets was sorely out of tune. Sherlock sighed in disgust. Surely any musician worth a damn would tune his instrument before a performance.
“Yes, the officer was pursuing me at the behest of this other man.  My quarrel is with him; the officer was merely following orders.  Although, I assure you that I have committed no crimes nor even flirted with illegality, regardless of your earlier concerns.”
“Well, you see,” Ste began, with the air of someone settling in to tell a tale, “we’d heard it was the place t’ be tonight, lush party, lots of booze, lots of girls, so we turned up lookin’ t’ join in on the fun.  It’s a swanky place, mind, and Benton, here, strides up t’ the front door like the bloody Prince of England and we follow along behind, but before we can make it through the door, we’s turned away.  No infantry allowed, apparently.  Broke poor Benton’s heart t’ see all those pretty girls goin’ in and him not able t’ follow.  Right, Benton?”
Over the next few hours, I watch as Sherlock has his hair styled, his makeup done and various other things that seem to put his limited patience to the test.  He’s currently sitting in a tall director’s chair arranged near the bright lights that have been set up for hair and makeup.  One of the assistants is speaking to him, gesturing at his phone and asking questions rapid-fire.  The hair stylist continues to adjust his curls, pulling one here and another there.
Mycroft gave him a curt nod and departed the room.  Sherlock waited until the door had been closed once more before slouching in his chair and grumbling into his teacup about the offensive nature of siblings.  Taking a sip, he quickly discarded the cup of lukewarm tea on the table and levered himself out of the chair and onto the sofa nearest the windows.
“Of course you do.  You’re a bit of a freak, aren’t you?”  I ask, grinning.  Everyone else laughs, but he just shrugs at me, feigning indifference but a smile tugs at his lips as well.
In his peripheral vision, he saw that Sherlock had been hurt. Somehow in the chaos, he’d earned himself a bloody nose. The sight of blood on Sherlock’s face made his own run hot once more.
He shakes his head again, curls falling across his forehead, and then shoves his hands into the pockets of his coat.  I realise then that he’s still wearing it, all buttoned up, like he never intended to stay.
Sometimes when I can’t sleep, I watch crap telly into the wee hours of the morning.  I’ve watched endless made-for-television films, random American programmes, and, when particularly desperate, some QVC UK.  Regardless of how inane, the programmes are a kind of company when I can’t stand to be in my own head anymore.  The American version of
I spend much of that time alternating between fretting and raging.  I text Sherlock twice, but he doesn’t respond.
“No, not this time.”  Sherlock takes a sip of his tea and doesn’t say anything more.  Perhaps it isn’t polite to ask too many questions about a celebrity’s upcoming project so I cast about for another topic of conversation, but Sherlock beats me to it.
While he tried to formulate the right question to ask, he heard himself hiss, “You owe me fifty shillings!”
After at least ten minutes, my phone buzzes and I nearly knock it off the desk in my scramble to pick it up.
After dawdling for another ten minutes, John took a deep breath and stepped off the kerb to cross the street. There were two royal guards stationed outside an archway leading into a spacious courtyard within the palace. John approached one of them.
Any coherent thought was wiped from his brain and Sherlock’s mind was deliciously blank except for the feeling of John’s mouth on his and his body pressed tightly against him. It was like existing in that murky place between sleep and awake. Sherlock was unsure of how much time had passed - five minutes or five hours - but eventually he pulled away in an effort to avoid, quite literal, lightheadedness from lack of oxygen.
He sighs dramatically and whines, “They’re being so tedious, John.  You’d think they had nothing better to do than prod and poke and criticise me.”
He’s quiet for a few minutes.  I watch him, but he doesn’t seem to see me.  His brain is processing, sorting through the relevant details and solving the problem in front of him.  I wish I could be inside his mind to witness it, to see how he does it and I feel a pang at the realisation that such a thing will never be possible.
“This is quite good,” Sherlock says after a while, gesturing to the remaining egg and bacon on his plate.
I curl myself up in the armchair, just like Sherlock had been earlier, and turn on the television, clicking through to BBC One.  Sherlock’s interview is scheduled for half-eight so I suffer through a few random news stories about a music festival in Reading, the latest winner of the Great British Bake Off, and conditions at a Syrian refugee camp.  I watch these without taking anything in; all the space in my brain is taken over with concern for Sherlock.
Instead of responding, he works his hands under my back and pulls himself tight against me, nose nuzzling into my neck, not so much with affection but rather, it seems, to seek comfort.  It’s late -- he must be exhausted, and he’s still in his tux.  The wool, fine as it is, still scratches against the skin of my forearms.
On my way into work, I buy something for lunch and stop by Printworks Coffee to indulge in an overpriced cappuccino because I made it to the weekend.
Hands settled on his hips and John startled to alertness, heart racing in his chest; he hadn’t heard the door or the footsteps on the stair.  Flustered, John tried to turn around, but the hands gripped him firmly.
I cannot for the life of me figure out what Sherlock stepped on to get up the fence, nothing appears to be a sturdy foothold.  There’s a bit of a decorative swirl on one of the bars so I place my foot on that and push myself up.  Halfway up, I can feel my foot slipping -- no tread on these shoes because I did not intend to be scaling fences and trespassing tonight! -- and I fall in an ungainly fashion back to the pavement below.  “Whoopsie daisy!”
“Yeah, it’s all over the papers today.  Rehab for drugs, rumored overdose too.  And to think he was in your shop!”  There’s a brief pause and I wonder if Anderson is going to drop it, but then he says, “I wonder what my autograph would be worth. . .”
Upon reaching my front door, I take a deep breath and try to push down the knot of anxiety that has formed in my stomach in the last ten minutes, born from a fear of Sherlock no longer being in my flat and to what extremes I would be willing to go in order to find him again.  No, he’ll be there -- the power of positive thinking, Watson.  With determination, I unlock the door, jog up the stairs and let myself into the flat, carrier bags full of groceries hitting my legs.
Across the room Mycroft sighs, and Sherlock approaches me, ignoring any rules about personal space, especially in the middle of a fight, and grasps my shoulders. He’s radiating intensity and I twist away from him, knocking his hands down and moving towards the sitting room door, exit route at the ready.  I’m breathing hard through my nose and prepped for a fight.
Chelsea Barracks, when they finally reached it at quarter to two, was still lit up brightly, despite the hour; clearly the party was still in full swing. At the gate, two young sergeants on duty, monitoring the crowd entering and exiting the barracks. Along with the others enthusiastically queuing up to enter the barracks, there was an occasional couple exiting, disappearing off into the night with furtive whispers, expectant looks, and laughter. The guards saluted John as they made their approach, and Sherlock stuck close to his elbow, but the sergeants did not question the presence of the civilian in John’s company.
Despite having no intention of going anywhere with them, Sherlock played along.  “No need to compete, lads.  We shall all find someone!”
Ten feet away, John and Molly were engaged in what looked like a dual effort not to step on each other’s toes. The dancing was atrocious, lacking any finesse, but John was laughing, and the look of unadulterated joy made Sherlock grin as well. John was exceedingly adorable.
Sherlock poured the water with the concentration of a professional chemist and carefully carried the full teapot over to the table as if  it might explode in his hands.
John nodded in understanding, it was only natural that they would spend a period of time away to grieve in private. Sherlock looked visibly uncomfortable with the topic of his father, however, so John attempted to steer the conversation in another direction.
The rest of my evening is occupied by doing the washing up, sorting through the stack of post that’s piled up over the last few days, and continuing my binge-watch of season two of
I cringe slightly at his assumption, but it's not completely surprising, I've only been with women since Greg's known me -- first Mary and then a few girlfriends, none of whom lasted longer than two months.
I spend the next half an hour focused on making a potato fry up with sausage, tomato and spinach, while my nerves dance the conga in my stomach.  I can’t decide if I’d rather race down the hall and demand to know what Sherlock thinks or pretend it’s not happening at all and never ask him for his assessment.
Silence falls and we just look at each other for a minute.  When I’m certain he’s working up to make his excuses and leave, he instead asks, “No nuisance of an assistant today?”
He raises a hand to cup my face and drags a thumb across my bottom lip.  “So.  We ate our dinner like the good little boys we are, and it was delicious.”
This suddenly feels coordinated - are Mike and Nicola going to turn up next?  “What is this, some sort of support group ambush?  Did you all text each other beforehand to plan an intervention?”
“Why do they even care?  It was over a decade ago.  Do they have nothing of importance to discuss?  Idiots.”  Sherlock flops back on the sofa, glaring at the newspapers on the table.
Sherlock and his manager may be used to having the details of his life discussed by the press in this manner, but it feels all a bit too much for me.  And if this is how the BBC are reporting on it, then I can only imagine how awful the Daily Mail and their like are being to him.  It’s invasive and cruel, yet seemingly commonplace for someone with the level of fame that Sherlock has.
With herculean effort, I manage to reorder the books.  Then, not wanting to feel like a totally useless business owner today, I force myself to leave the office and be productive.  I give Anderson the task of wiping down the shelves (because I hate it), while I finish reshelving the rest of the books that arrived at the end of last week.  Three customers come in and two actually buy something, and I feel far more attentive as I ring their purchases through the till than I do on an average Monday.
Not that John was a big music buff anyway, but hearing contemporary pop and hip hop songs while in the shops or a taxi always just reminded John that he was well past his prime.  None of the artists’ names were familiar and ever since the auto-tune became a thing, it all just sounded the same to him - an electronic beat that gave him a headache.  If he hurried, he could finish up the washing and turn the blasted thing off. Jesus, he was old.
As they wandered along the edge of Hyde Park, John noted that the barracks of the mounted regiments were quickly approaching. If they wanted to find a pub for the night, they’d have to venture south into Knightsbridge proper.
“Come along, William.” Mycroft or Prince Henry (God, there were too many names to remember) said, placing his hand on Prince William’s elbow.
“Did you not realise that those people were ready to have you drawn and quartered for insulting the King?  Seriously, Sherlock, what was that all about?”
His imagination was right about the pale skin and pretty features, but evidently fell short on all other accounts. No way it could have come up with those sharp cheekbones and tousled dark curls. A pair of sea-green, piercing eyes look into the camera, and the man’s plump lips - a work of art, with that perfect cupid’s bow - are slightly open apart in an inviting display of want.
him staying for the tango – he had selected the music in advance, - so he must be enjoying this turn of events, the opportunity of teaching something else than waltz. Perhaps
“Right. Bold of you to sport it for such a job, then. You must be a brave man!” She let out an unnerved chuckle.
“Sherlock?” John can’t hide his worry, and Rosie must sense it, because she turns around to him, too.
She was attempting to make small talk – a likely response from somebody shocked, John figured out. Better let her speak and steam it out.
Sherlock leans his back against the mantelpiece and starts marking the tempo, his hand conducting an invisible orchestra as he counts:
"Yes, very good," Sherlock confirms, "let's try with music. I've selected a slow one, so that you shouldn't find it too difficult to follow."
“Sorry if I’m out of line, but -” he continues, if only to make the other man speak, “ - you didn’t seem in your right mind. Are you under the influence of any substance? I’m a doctor, you can tell me confidentially if you need  -”
A lingering apprehension in his look, he glances at Sherlock, who lets out a timid “Hi” and expects to see some sort of… confusion, or veiled questioning in response.
Sherlock instructs, and John raises his gaze to meet a pair of sea-green, welcoming eyes. Sherlock nods on the tempo, leading him effortlessly into a last sequence.
She reprises in a scolding tone: "Sherlock, dear. You have to take care of yourself, don't you realize? Here, have some cake – or would you prefer a
They stay silent for a few long moments, both equally spent and satiated. John tries to get up, but his legs are still shaking.
The thought of the first dance with the bride, a mandatory tradition that will be featured at his wedding, got him worried at first; but it's his fifth lesson and his steps are starting to show some boldness, at least.
He stands up and pads to the bedroom. John's asleep and breathing with his mouth open; he nudges his shoulder.
“That day… you had claimed you didn’t care for astronomy. That it didn’t matter if we went around the sun or the moon. But then… you damn well paid attention, and remembered about the Van Buren supernova. Because it suddenly mattered, didn’t it?”
The tailor, a moustached mousy man, was crouched at John’s feet and was currently busy basting the trousers hem. Sherlock - as he could see from the mirror’s reflection - sat on a cushioned bench behind him, lazily skimming through a book of fabric swatches.
When the music ends, John realizes that he's shaking and that Sherlock is supporting a good part of his weight. They stay still for a moment, both panting. Both sweaty.
Apparently struck by an epiphany, Sherlock hurries up to launch the music, whilst throwing a piercing glance at him: "Oh,
“Oh, you’re Rosie’s dads, then! Lisa has been telling me about her, she must be such a cutie pie. Mine is a scoundrel.” She giggles, and goes on a tangent about her kid’s shenanigans.
– why, why, why is it so difficult to focus in his mind palace, today? A surge of upset inundates him. He might as well face the irritating, noisy cluster of evidence that's waiting for him outside.
, and Sherlock turns back to John, setting into proper position. An equally melancholic violin joins in, and an almost indiscernible push of Sherlock's hips sets both of them into motion.
Sherlock was usually a very light sleeper, if he bothered to get to bed at all; but tonight, John noticed, he was properly knocked out: he lay limp on top of the covers, his limbs spread out in what John called “the starfish position”; his head was heavily buried into the soft pillow, his mouth slightly open. He was
As the music starts again, they’re promptly engulfed into the revolving stream of people; John leads, puffed up because of his recent practice at this particular flavour of dance.
, and three aaand back, and four, cross," he nudges John's foot with the tip of his shoe, "and five back again,
The next morning, John was up already, sipping from his cup of tea, when he heard some shuffling coming from the bedroom, then an audible gasp. He barely suppressed a giggle: his plan was coming together.
Rosie has caught sight of one of her friends from the playground and wiggles out of John’s hand-hold.
It’s all so… natural and easygoing. The small talk doesn’t put him off, for once, and Rosie, over there at the school’s playground, is making friends already.
“... between my arse cheeks, I was saying. Would you grab me vigorously, John? Leave some finger marks on my skin? Make your way to my opening? I like to think you would. I’d have been preparing myself for you, by the way. Just like I am doing, right
“Mmh.” From what little ambience noise he can pick up, John gathers that the man is changing position on a leather armchair or couch.
He can't wait to see his brother's face when they'll tell him about this night. All things considered, he can always blame the wine.
but modern, something able to raise your game but not too much that'll overwhelm you. Something like...
Rosie lets out a screeching “Yeeeeah!” and sprints towards him, ending with a pirouette that makes her skirt fan out. She’s so cute in her new uniform, a red sweatshirt with the school emblem embroidered in white; Sherlock can’t appreciate it in due manner, right now, though.
The jumper he was wearing was very soft and warm, one of his favourites for sure, but it was just… that. A cable-knit jumper.
It’s hysterical. The band onstage continues playing and cheers on the dancers. The elderly, bless them, seem elated at the refreshing rain, and show no sign of wanting to stop. Young, hyper kids run into the crowd, sliding on the wet pavement, seriously risking causing a disaster of people toppling like bowling pins.
John's right hand is the first that moves, unclasping and falling to Sherlock's shoulder, then sliding to the side of his beautiful neck. They're staring into each other's eyes and Sherlock doesn't seem to compute, as he blinks three times, fast.
sure he has dialled the right number, even if he had to recall it from memory, having lost it by changing phones. Or has he? Sure, he’s quite pissed, but still, he can remember Samantha’s number, can’t he?
The shorter of the ladies is trying to communicate something, and what they lack in shared vocabulary, she makes up for with enthusiasm. John pays his undivided attention but, of course, doesn’t understand much - until she points with her full palm at Sherlock, then waves her hands in a circling motion as if to simulate the movement of the dance.
John held him tight. “So, you see, we can look at that silly mobile. We can look at it every day, and remember what really does matter.”
John gulped. Sherlock was now practically whispering into his ear, his warm breath sending a shiver down his spine.
John groans in reply. The man is right, of course. His wanking has picked up in pace, and he can’t tell how much longer he’ll be able to hold off. The stranger’s voice is like velvet, and his unexpected flippancy is setting him on fire.
And right then and there, the man emits the most erotic sound John has possibly ever heard - a deep, lascivious moan that travels through the aether, reverberates in John’s ear and goes straight to his cock.
“Yes, but… seems a bit like going overboard, to me.” Damn, it was difficult to hold a conversation while trying not to prick himself with all the pins placed in the blazer, he realized.
"Perhaps we could try... how about something different?" and in one swift motion he takes off his blue robe, throws it on the armchair and goes to his laptop, where he scrolls through his rich selection of music. He clicks on a track and
“And that was when I knew,” John continued, “that as much as you loved showing off that big brain of yours, you had a way bigger heart.”
, investigating the impressive structure of snowflakes.” He put away the hand lens and rubbed his gloved hands to free them of the residual snow.
A group of henlike grannies has committed to teaching him the steps, each one of them claiming him for the next song. John abides like a true gentleman, to their general entertainment.
John barely contains a grunt at the realization that the man has catched up, and carefully weighs the words he’s about to say.
Sherlock’s instinctive reaction would be to politely decline, but the festive atmosphere must be affecting him, or maybe it’s the wine, which is surprisingly good for coming in a plastic cup.
John looked at her, then, a bit lost, at his own clothes. He wasn’t dressed much differently than usual. The jumper he was wearing was very soft and warm, one of his favourites for sure, but it was just… that. A cable-knit jumper.
He actually makes for a very good teacher, attentive and thorough as he gives John precise directions, his exposition refreshingly punctuated with poetic analogies.
The doctor in John kicks in and he turns the kettle off, grabs his phone again and taps on the last outbound call.
you have a case, for the love of god.” The stranger’s impatience seeps out of his words, the sentence being enunciated like a command. John is taken aback once more.
She scrunches her face and gets away from Sherlock, who was just adjusting her pigtails. “Oh. Sorry”, he mutters, but she can’t hear him anymore - she’s already running around the flat like a little bolt of energy.
The corridor unravels before his eyes, new rooms coming into existence as he moves forward. His head is throbbing, his palms are sweaty. One of the doors on the left emits a faint glow, as if to call his attention. A shiny etched plate spells: "TOILET".
what you need.” Sherlock continued, “Can’t you see how this aegean blue emphasizes your stunning eye colour?”
“Obviously, John. I wouldn’t send her to a catholic school.” Rosie wriggles in his arms, visibly distressed by the quarrel.
Right then, a knock at the room’s door interrupted the moment, and Sherlock pulled away, leaving there a flustered John.
That’s how his hazy mind had come up with the idea of calling Samantha. All his old flings would have expected to meet up, but Sammy - she’s a good woman. She’s seen him in worse states, and always has a good word for him. And she has a thing for phone sex.
He lifted his eyes from the newspaper and turned around to look over his shoulder. There, wrapped in just a sheet and still half asleep, stood Sherlock - a soft puzzled expression on his face, and his curls delightfully unruly.
"Good. Thanks, I mean," he replies, and starts looking for his jumper and his wallet, ready to part ways.
John finds himself mirroring Sherlock's movements, their legs sliding together as they were interconnected by an invisible twine, their bodies silently talking to each other by means of touch. A light nudge of Sherlock's fingers on the small of his back suffices to tell him which direction to go, the gentle pressure of Sherlock's chest against his marks pauses and rests. Commas and periods.
"Sherlock, just... stop it. Just one more thing, for now," John asks as he reaches for another kiss. "...One more dance."
John is dancing by his own at the center of the room, his arms up in the air in front of him, embracing an imaginary partner. Sherlock has insisted on cheking out his form, and now watches him meticolously, his eyes following each of his steps with intention, his voice the only sound guiding him along.
When the song ends, they regroup and the couples get reshuffled, the ladies looking for their respective partners or a new one to invite over.
The whole range of the picturesque humanity from this rustic side of the world parades before his eyes: flocks of loud teenagers, families desperately trying to herd their snotty toddlers, gangs of boisterous drunken men and broods of tacky matrons. Regardless of their age and class distinctions, they’re all engrossed in the same activities: eating and drinking copiously, laughing and talking at an appalling volume,
A few moments of silence pass, and John uses them to undo his flies and pull down his jeans and pants just enough to get some relief.
He was just about to come up with a reply to get rid of the woman and go back to his work, when a loud crash coming from the street startled them.
Elderly couples have quickly filled the dance floor, and if they might look feeble at first sight, the music seems to inject them with renewed energy, making them spin around effortlessly in a whirlwind of colourful blouses and white coiffed heads.
"No shit, Sherlock" - John smooths out his black linen trousers - "I fished these out from the back of my closet. I watched some... a couple videos and I noticed that, you know, tango dancers don't usually wear jeans."
"We'll review them one by one, anyway," and props John's arms into form, then starts showing him the moves' pattern.
. Take a seat and a cuppa with me, would you?" she says as she gestures to the steaming teapot. There's a saucer on the table, too, with a mouthwatering slice of cake –
- has gathered by the main attraction of the event: a stage that’s been installed (admittedly, quite professionally, with lighting rigs and an impressive sound system) on the far side of the square. The band provides a mismatched mix of pop music and
The italian words rolled out beautifully on her tongue, but it didn’t help make him any less oblivious on the matter.
Sherlock takes in the utter chaos around him, John’s hilarity, his sure hands, their drenched clothes, the bliss of this moment and finds himself exhilarated, his head lighter than he’s experienced in… forever.
John can’t come up with lucid words. His hand pumps furiously, all slicked up with pre-come, and the sound of it fills the room in an lewd way - surely audible to the other man, too.
“Following a medical discharge, you’d be given a military pension and a state-issued accommodation, which is somewhat confirmed by the lack of reverb from your end of the call. A small space, sparse even; all in line with the frugality of a soldier, by the way.”
The swear word - coupled with the image of it coming from that posh mouth - is enough to send John over the edge.
The village’s square, otherwise a quaint place characterized by its late-medieval architecture and a small Baroque church, is now packed with people who seem to have descended on it like a swarm of locusts to attend the summer fair. Stalls along the square’s perimeter offer a wide array of drinks and street foods; the smell of greasy barbecued meat easily overpowers everything else and blends in the air with the alcoholic tang of beer and red wine - these last two, exuding their vapours from what’s been spilled on the pavement already.
What if they grab the attention of some other parent? What if someone makes an ungracious comment about them - will he be able to restrain himself? What if some child mocks little Watson? What if she’s made to feel different from the other kids? What if -
The suggestive tone makes John bite his lower lip, and his grip automatically tightens around his shaft. This is gonna end too soon, and he doesn’t even know what the man looks like.
Bystanders and people from the surgery had quickly gathered on the pavement. He elbowed through the crowd to get to the site of the accident and in the span of just a few seconds he had the scene assessed: a brutal collision between a delivery van and a moped had occurred, and the rider lay semi-unconscious on the tarmac, blood spurting from a gash on his right thigh. Fortunately, the young man was wearing a helmet.
“It mattered because of the work, of course, and it mattered because of who was on the other end of the line. I won’t ever forget your face when you realized, you know? That child. You had to save him, and you did.”
All things considered, Sherlock should find the current situation annoying, at best; certainly, unpleasant; if not downright
The music dims out for a moment, and John wonders if it's ending already, but then it picks up again in a surge of fervor, the piano and the violin conversing in a duet of ascending intensity; Sherlock's pace becomes more energetic, back and forth in a fast succession of steps that pull John into an entrancing chase. Then they slip again into a soothing
Ridiculous non-sense. He mustn't let such absurdities distract him. Sherlock turns on his heels and exits the courtroom - there must be a place to quieten down this turmoil. The insect-like clues follow him.
"... seven, and eight." Sherlock claps twice to make John stop. "I see that you have been practicing, isn't it? Careful, John, you might neglect the waltz."
. This damn tango has wired him up and utterly destroyed him, all in the space of three clock minutes.
Sherlock's lead is secure but not overbearing – his weight shifts John's in a deliberate, subdued manner. John eases into the dance, a newfound confidence taking home in his limbs. The violin is unbearably beautiful, long smooth notes that make up a discourse, a lamentation that speaks of sorrow and – John hopes he's not reading too much into it – of long lost
“Mummy is planning to make their anniversary party terribly posh, this year. Wouldn’t want to disappoint her, after she expressly insisted on inviting you along.”
