“Well brother dear, as much as I love our little chats, it is time for our dear doctor to go home. I will see you very soon.”
Sherlock cut off John's comment with another kiss, his hands roaming all over John's chest.
Dear Sherlock,
The boys had originally planned on telling everyone in a set fashion and making a announcement but the joy in the air just made them so happy they forgot themselves and kissed under the mistletoe.
“I’m sorry Sherlock.”
Mycroft let out a deep sigh and eyed his brother, “Are you going to tell me who you think it is? Of course you’re not.”
"Did you ever take them?"
“We found him a new flat that I paid for and Lestrade kept him constantly busy on cases. He fought with Lestrade constantly about being left alone but Lestrade put him together again. You have no idea how much you owe him.”
“You will never lay another finger on him, you pig.” John growled out deep in anger. Sherlock lay on the ground frozen in shock at the possessive display.
"This is brilliant Sherlock. We’re going to be parents. There is no way you aren't pregnant! You are going to be an amazing father!"
I smile. He wants me to stay in this hell without him. Not a chance.
Mary would one day forgive me for what I am about to do. Surly she will. She's quite the forgiving type. And I would make sure that she wouldn't be the one to find the body. Mrs. Hudson either, some stranger. I would just set an email to send to Lestrad explaining why. Three hours after the fact would surely be perfect give him one last mystery.
“I do.”
"But you caught him right?"
"What?"
GET OUT NOW OR I WILL PERSONALLY COME IN AND GET YOU AND YOU WILL NOT LIKE IT. -MH
"Sherlock I am coming for you."
Leaving John, I knew he wouldn't be able to handle the loss. I knew he would end up doing something stupid. But I had to. Leaving him was harder than leaving my cases. But then again I didn't really have to leave my cases. I just had to plant suggestions into people’s heads as the new cases came about.
She gave me a small smile and nodded. I sat next to my love and stroked his hand.
"You're dead. You can't be here."
Sherlock threw his brother a nasty glare.
"Hello, what can I get for you today?" The barista was a pretty blond woman, before Sherlock I would have seen her as a conquest, but now she was just another face.
“Your dog attacked me and lost us the murderer. John put him down.”
“Yes?”
"JOHN NO!"
"Thank you so much for everything Mrs. Hudson." John said as he hugged her tight.
“He really did all this for us. He does love us.” Her voice was filled with awe.
"I'm fine Mycroft. I just need to rinse off and change clothes and get to the hospital to check on John."
"Mycroft, I know you’re not going to like this idea but what about bait. Someone to lure him out?"
It was a split second decision on his part; Taylor threw his hand up and shot, catching me in the chest. The pain was instantaneous, blinding me from the world. I crashed down to the ground, gasping, fighting for air. Please get out of here Sherlock! Blackness took me as I heard a second shot.
“Lestrade, you’ll need to wake him, they are here. They were followed, we need to get downstairs now.”
"As you wish."
Once they reached the top of the stairs John grabbed Sherlock by the shoulders and pushed him into the wall of the flat. "John please." Sherlock managed to whimper as John leaned forward pressing his hot mouth to the taller omegas willing one sealing in the low whine. The kiss was hot and passionate, feelings of love and excitement pulsed through it.
Kylo for his part was using the force to his advantage and ensuring that he had the upper hand as he tried to clear the field. He sliced through his enemies with his lightsaber, impaling many on the fizzing cross guards all while using the force to take down pilots and fighters far off. Kylo heard the blaster fire before I did, knew where it was going to strike before I did, and knew that he was going to be too late.
"Taylor, it's over. It's time to stop this." Sherlock spoke calmly and evenly.
Sherlock glared at his brother searching his face looking for any hint of falsehood. He found none and threw himself into the wingback next to the fire.
"Come for me my beautiful Omega." John ordered, with another rub to the sensitive bundle of nerves Sherlock came in long white strips on the bed before collapsing in a sticky sweaty heap. John rubbed soothing circles in his lovers back, "My wonderful Omega. Now it's my turn."
Sherlock stood with a little help from Lestrade and followed me back to the elevator putting up no fuss. We could feel it as the garage lift was activated and the van taking John and his medical team descended down into the lockup.
I owe your brother a debt of gratitude. He saved me from the hospital saved me from myself. He found me and put me up in an estate of his. I still need to apologize for attacking him, for the scar I left on him. I am so sorry Sherlock. I know you two didn’t get along but I don’t think that you would appreciate me attacking your brother. I honestly don’t know what was going on, why I did what I did. I am so sorry Sherlock. I’m sorry Mycroft. I don’t deserve either of you. I just want to let you know that I have decided to move on as best as I can. Mycroft talked to me and told me how much you must have cared for me. Thank you Sherlock, I deeply cared for you too and I always will, you will always be my best friend.
“I think so yes, as long as my family is here and safe. John, Sherlock, Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade, Mycroft and you.” My heart swelled with pure joy at her statement. Maybe this would work out after all.
I might go back and make some minor edits later, nothing big! Though if you see anything that needs to be changed let me know!
I knew it would be just a few minutes before Mycroft or his goons would be here to forcibly take me. I stood and walked back the way I came, turning left and right, I managed to loose myself in all the backalys.
Mycroft strode off out of the trees and to Sherlock’s grave. Sherlock could just hear the sound of a greeting being called out and John looking towards its source.
"John, so good." Sherlock panted out as, John bit down on his over sensitized nipple once more, forcing a deep stuttering moan from Sherlock’s chest as he came with a shuddering gasp taking the edge off. He slumped down onto John, using him as support while his heart rate returned to normal.
Sherlock looked to John with a huge smile that was mirrored on the other mans face. Clutching at John's hand he pulled him from the edge of the bed; "Well my dear friend shall we go home?"
The road was empty of all moving cars, so that left the Thames. I could swim rather well, but I didn't want to swim. I wanted to feel the water fill my lungs and drag me under. Drowning it was then.
The blood stain had long since faded from the devil that had caused all of this madness. He didn't deserve the easy way out that he took. Sitting on the ledge I looked over saw where I was standing that fateful day. The day that he reached out to me and there was nothing that I could do to stop him. The day that the world ended.
My phone dinged again, damn it Mycroft.
Sherlock moaned as John pushed in and out of his opening for a moment, relishing the feeling of finally having anything in him, easing the burn. John pulled his fingers out and brought them up to his nose taking a deep wif.
"Sherlock, Lestrade were injured in a chase, John died at the scene. Sherlock is listed as grave condition and Lestrade is in critical condition."
"You are the most beautiful fucking thing I’ve ever seen."
"John don't jump! I'm alive! DON'T JUMP!"
Finally together again.
He eyed the silver haired man before speaking, "The day I jumped Moriarty had me cornered, three gun man trained on Mrs. Hudson, John and you. If I didn't jump in front of John's gunman then they were to kill you on site. That detective that quit with no notice two days after was the gunman assigned to you. Mrs. Hudson’s gunman gave himself up, and John's fled. I spent the last few months going all over the world to clean out the rest of Moriartys networks."
"Oh John, if only I hadn't fooled you like this, if only I hadn't left you."
That shocked John, "What! Does she know?"
Mycroft has me on constant watch now. I am never alone anymore. It was comforting at first but now it’s a pain. I would rather be alone. They won’t let me think about you. Every time I start to think they interrupt me. They won’t let me think they won’t let me be. I want to be with you. I want to be with you forever. Please come back to me.
Sherlock let out a deep moan from his chest, "Christ." John smiled around Sherlock’s shaft and slowly started to bob his head up and down sucking him in throat deep; he swallowed around the engorged prick, savoring the taste of his pre-cum.
The first three months after had been the worst of my life. I couldn't even go near Baker Street. Seeing a police officer or even a crime on the Telly would set me off again. I just couldn't cope with losing my best friend. My only friend.
"Apparently not. It seems that we've missed something huge. Either way this is a government case now."
Looking down for my last time I see him, see him waiting on me to join him as an angel. I wonder if it will hurt.
"It's perfect then."
"I love you more." John replied as he leaned against Sherlock's side. "Who do you think should be first? Mrs. Hudson or Mycroft?"
“There you are T'hy'la, we were worried about you. You still need to be in the med bay.”
He smiled as he sucked harder nibbing at the glans on the underside of John’s penis on every upswing. John threaded his hand through his curls guiding Sherlock as his hips rose to meet every downward suck. Sherlock felt when John was tensing and sucked harder, hollowing his cheeks.
“Lestrade tried to find him on his own but he was lost. He called me and it took me ten minutes to find him. By the time that I found him he was at the cemetery taking a pill. I knew what it was and we went to get him. By the time that the ambulance got there he was unconscious and seizing up. We came so close to losing him.”
"Well that's a good thing Doctor Watson; I don't fancy having to hurt you today." Mycroft said from the doorway. John and Sherlock twisted round to see the British government standing at the top of their stairs, two more guards behind him. Both male, large and well dressed.
“Yes he does, he's not that high functioning sociopath that he claims to be.”
“Fine Mycroft. Fine. But just know that I have the power to call an end to all your conditions if I feel that it is impeding my work.”
The three men sat in a huddle with Kirk in the center crying silently for the fallen, for his two loves who make his life worth living, for the future until he cries himself to sleep.
"Please."
Sherlock pressed up to John seeking the comfort of his chosen Alpha, his erection growing as his scent mixed in with the Alphas creating the most intoxicating concoction, grateful that the cab was sealed so that their scent wouldn't reach the driver, a beta.
"Shut up John."
"Gentlemen this will only take a few minutes. My name is Abigail Nightly. I am stationed down in 221C and charged with monitoring the flat for you. You already know Emmerson, Doctor Watson. Mr. Holmes this is Lloyd Emmerson, he is in 221A, and will be your personal security guard. Mr. Holmes Senior is selecting two more people to join us as we speak."
"No John!" Snarled Sherlock, "I just got you back and were not going to do something so stupid."
A sad smile spread across my face, "Does it hurt?"
He knew he shouldn't but he couldn't resist it, Sherlock went around the back of the house and peeked into the bedroom window in time to see John fall face first onto the bed. He watched for ten minutes until he was certain that he was asleep.
"Sherlock it's ok. I promise you he will forgive you eventually but expect to be punched and hated for a while. Just never lie to him again. And man up and tell him that you love him."
John placed his hand on the small of Sherlock’s back leading him off, relishing the feeling of Sherlock melting into his touch his scent changing again from stress to one of contentment. They made it back to the street, hailing a cab without further incident. Upon entering the cab, Sherlock’s delicious scent filled the cab; tainting the air with the sweetest scent John had ever smelled spiking his arousal.
“He started to write you the letters. At first he kept them on him in a locked box but eventually as you saw he left them at your grave. Naturally I read them when I was around, but to my knowledge no one else did.”
"Not yet we need to get rid of the body."
"It really is." Sherlock said turning his head and catching Johns mouth in a sweet chaste kiss. They lay there for a while John holding Sherlock to his chest his head buried into his neck, rubbing soothing circles on his mate’s stomach encouraging their child to grow. All was well in their world at the moment as the fell asleep, dreaming of the future.
"I couldn't have said it better John. Sherlock will you two please stop howling like hyenas."
John shot Sherlock a smile, letting him know that he was really was fine with this.
“That’s what people do.”
John reached out and started to work on the buttons of Sherlock’s dress shirt, "Agreed."
She was silent as she joined me, in prepping the tea.
“Mycroft he would have died anyway. I need him and he needs me!”
Sherlock, I love you. I push myself forward over the edge. The air feels icy screaming past me, pulling me down to my death. To my Sherlock. To my fantasy.
Piss off. -SH
"He received over a hundred stitches along his chest and neck, and is getting a pint of blood but he will be fine. He will make a full recovery."
"Thanks." John replied as he pushed the fair through the payment slot, pulling Sherlock from the cab leading him to the front door. John was glad to notice that Mrs. Hudson was gone, hopefully for the weekend. Sherlock’s scent filled his head causing his erection to strain against his already tight trousers. He lead the way up the stairs noticing how his omega picked and pulled at his clothes, clearly irritating his skin.
Mycroft nodded, turned and walked out of the room leaving Sherlock and John to spend more time together.
“That’s what I thought. Your people haven’t found a thing yet have they?”
Dear Sherlock,
Sherlock jerked his head up, disbelief at what he heard showed strong on his face.
"Won't he use mirrors and block out his IP address?"
He nodded and walked off.  I stood, and walked outside, in desperate need of air. As soon as I was outside I lit up. Shaking with the loss of the day. Security was tight around me but with a look they backed off.
Sherlock ran as fast as he could his whole thought process consumed with faster faster faster! He dutifully ignored the heat rolling in waves off his oversensitzed itchy skin, the lubrication starting to form in his arse, and the overwhelming stench of the wrong Alpha chasing him. The man in front of him hit a dead end just as Sherlock pulled Johns gun and pointed it at him.
"The basement has a full hospital set up." Anthea spoke up from the doorway, shocking both of the men.
Emmerson took notes on his phone, "Done. Your brother wants to put Miss. Hooper in protection immediately."
I rush over to my only friend. He's covered in blood and only has moments to live. Nothing will save him.
"Do you think John will live? The man has suffered too much he better not die on us now."
Both men considered it before nodding in agreement.
"He would have switched taxis. Walked part of the way. You won’t find him that way." Sherlock replied. "No he's smart. I will give him that. Don't expect him to try to get near this place again. He's going to try his hardest to get us to leave, but he must know at this point that both John and myself are being watched and will not be allowed out, so knowing him he will want to go after our mutual contacts to draw us out. Lestrade and Molly Hooper need to be placed under more intense watch. Have Mrs. Hudson placed under watch by the Americans, surly they owe us by now."
Cockblock. -GL
"God John."
"NO! Then we'll run away! I am never going to let you leave again."
“Because brother dear, if I had told you, you would have rushed home and blown the whole operation. As much trouble as it was for you to disappear to begin with.”
"It seems so. At least no one got hurt before we got you out."
"You will later John, and you can punch me later, after all I defiantly deserve it."
"Not a chance that you’re a virgin."
We have a massive problem. You are not safe. You will be brought back to my estate. -MH
Mycroft and the two men walked in to stand in front of the couch. "Gentlemen I want you to meet Special Agent Lewis Anderson, and Special Agent Devin Travers. They will be bodyguards for the both of you and will be stationed in 221C. Abigail will be with Emmerson in 221A. Now then Gentleman and Lady will you be so kind as to give us a bit of privacy?"
Piss off. -SH
(See the end of the chapter for
A month has passed now, Lestrade got me off the hook for punching the Chief Superintendent, and he is working every day to get your name cleared. Donavan and Anderson both apologized to me, apparently after reviewing the facts that they gathered from the little girl they figured out that you were innocent all along. That rotter of a journalist is now facing legal action for her role in the whole thing. I know I should be happy that things are starting to look up for your name, hell the fact that Donavan and Anderson even apologized should make my heart all warm and fuzzy, but all it does is make me angrier. The more that I think about the ways that this could have been prevented, the madder I get. I don’t want to be around these people who ruined everything. I don’t want to be around any of them. I don’t want to be.
The group of four ran out of New Scotland Yard, into their cars and screeched off to the scene, fully expecting to find John standing on the bridge; none of them were ready to see the three men holding John's heavily bloodied body on the railing getting ready to push him over.
"Shhhh Sherlock it's ok. I'm going to take care of you." John promised as he pulled them towards Sherlock’s room.
"I slept with 'married to my work' Sherlock Holmes." Said John between happy laughs.
No point in waiting. I climb onto the ledge standing where he stood looking around. It was truly beautiful at night. Sherlock will you be waiting for me?
"Mycroft you better be right. Anthea lead the way."
“Just make sure brother dear that you duck. I don’t need you going to the hospital when he punches you.”
Mycroft smiled and stood, "Well I will give you a bit of time, I will be here at 2:45 and Lestrade will be here at 3."
"John!"
We went on many more missions together I was always at his back watching for unseen threats. I was eventually given my own team of troopers who I trained to work with the head of the first order. We were lethal, anyone who came against us would find themselves struck down before they even had a chance to draw their weapon. I always knew that Kylo never saw me as anything other than a good Stormtrooper even though I knew I loved him. At first the rejection hurt, a deep searing pain down to my bones but the more I thought about it the more I realized that Kylo was too important to love me. I eventually was able to accept that nothing would ever happen between us and to tunnel all of my love and wishes into work demanding perfection of myself and others.
“I full on agree Mrs. Hudson. Molly will be in the room to your left, and I will be next to her. Mycroft and Lestrade are across the hall and to the right of Sherlock. Mrs. Hudson if you would like to settle in and rest, I know we woke you up last night.”
Sherlock stood and hugged his brother, Mycroft raised his eyebrow, "Don't get used to it brother. Just know that I deeply appreciate what you have done for me."
Sherlock let out a silent laugh at his brothers’ threat. Idiot, there was no way that he would ever go into his brothers custody. He reached into the bin and pulled out Johns letter, shocked to find that it was for Mycroft and not for him.
"Don't worry Mycroft will get the other. He's been watching us again. No doubt once the heat is over he will be around to annoy us."
Leave him alone or I will make you. - MH
I’m sorry Sherlock
“No John no it’s not. Please stay with me, don’t go to sleep on me! Help is on the way!” Sherlock cried out as he heard the sirens far off.
“Mycroft.” Snapped Sherlock.
"Not a chance."
When he wakes up later in their shared room snuggled between the two rather than in med bay where he should have been, he smiles and feels the love before falling back to sleep.
Anthea came rushing into my office, panic clear on her features.
You see my dear Sherlock, I can't stand it anymore. I need you, I can't live without you. You were my whole life, before and after. I have no family left. My dear sister just died from alcohol poisoning. The only people I have left are miserable around me. So I’ve decided to come to you.
“And if you don’t sleep I will make sure you go to sleep.”
"It would have made no difference either way. It was just a matter of time. It's ok Greg."
"It's ok."
"Yes John, I’m here. I love you John."
Sherlock smiled and reached down to hold onto John's hand smiling.
He didn't speak just raised the gun a little further, I didn't give him a chance, I just shot him in the hand forcing him to drop the gun. I ran over and kicked the gun away and was getting ready to cuff him when he pulled a knife he had hidden in his sleeve. The first slash was to my upper chest slicing into the skin at the base of my neck. Taylor ran, but there was no where for him to go but into the arms of the other officers. Blood started to pour as I gripped at the wound. I fell back to the pavement breathing deep, praying to not bleed out, I looked around me and saw Sherlock slightly convulsing form and John's still form. It was obvious to me that John was already dead. I looked up to the nearest CCTV camera and mouthed one word before my world went black, Mycroft.
The two men joined Emmerson and the woman who was there the previous night. Tea awaited them at their usual chairs.
Tears poured down my face blinding my vision. I wouldn't leave him. I would join him.
“I don’t think so, I think it's more likely he’ll attack Sherlock the first chance he gets, but if we can get the idiots to talk to one another like adults, they should be able to work things out. Maybe they will finally stop dancing around each other and tell each other.”
“You know he apologized. I find it funny. About time someone attacked you.”
Sally jumped up from her desk and grabbed the nearest two officers, "Come on attempted suicide."
When I finally came out, back to the street, I was right next to the Thames, no black cars in site, but plenty of CCTV cameras, it would be moments before that annoying git was here to take me off to some mental ward.
John sighed, leaning back into his chair. "If you say so Mycroft."
I looked down at the little nurse, she looked terrified. "Thank you. And thank you for taking care of him."
"It's alright Mycroft, were together now and we will be forever."
"Why not John, you’re too much of a pansy to take him so why shouldn't I?"
They both watched her leave the room.
“Get the fuck off of me! You fucking idiot, he got the fuck away!” Sherlock growled wriggling in the tight grasp of the Alpha scratching at the hands that held him down.
“He tried to kill himself”, snarled Sherlock as he paced in front of the fireplace, “Why, why didn’t you tell me when I first got back.”
Sherlock smirked at his brother, Mycroft returned his smirk with a glare.
“So where did he go?”
"Got it, go flirt with a beautiful girl and file away an empty threat. You boys behave. I will let you know when John arrives and is able to take visitors."
You’re in everything that I see everything that I do. I was finally allowed to go home. I still feel watched all the time. Please let me know that you are still out there somewhere. Please tell me that you really are there when I see you. Please tell me that I am not mad, or if I am please let me just go completely mad and be done with it. Sherlock please help me.
Mica let out a deep laugh, "Yes my friend as soon as we find him and kill him too."
"Of course you have."
"Nothing left....for.....me.....here."
He waited until Sherlock nodded his ascent.
"Were to leave here immediately." Anthea spoke up from the silence.
"Cut the crap Anthea how is he?"
"Miss Hooper has just been contacted by our agents. We’re sending her to Mr. Holmes house to be watched after by Anthea." Abigail was just like Anthea texting away on her phone getting things done. "Your brother is on his way he wants a word with you both before he brings in D.I. Lestrade this afternoon."
That deep voice, so deeply familiar stunned me. I turned towards the source, and there stood both Sherlock and John, looking whole and healthy. And transparent.
John pulled Sherlock close to his chest, holding his omega close licking at the bond bite. "My wonderful amazing Omega."
Don't go in. -MH
My therapist was so scared that I would do this. Turns out she was right, she was right about a lot of things. Mary had helped a little in keeping me alive as long as she did but it just wasn't enough. It wasn't fair to her either, I am damaged goods. The only person I would ever love, gone. And now I would join him from where it all started.
"And look at the happiness that it brought me."
They want to put me back into the hospital. It took me forever to get away from them. I will have to write an apology to Greg, I’m sure that the broken nose I left him with hurts. I wonder if it will hurt to die.  You see my Sherlock I’ve decided that I want to go to you. If I timed it right I should be able to put this letter in your box before I pass out and I should be with you before anyone else manages to figure out where I am. Please wait for me Sherlock.
We were able to prove ourselves exactly a week later. We were clearing a small outlining planet where there was rumored to be a Kyber crystal stock. I knew instantly the moment we marched off the ship that there was something wrong. The moment that Kylo Ren appeared shots fired out. We launched into action shooting at the rebels. The fight didn't last long, the rebels clearly outnumbered. Everyone thought that we had won but I knew, I had that feeling that there was something that we were missing. As such I hung closer to Kylo than was expected of me. I could feel the waves of anger rolling off of him as he searched the area looking for the hidden Kyber, watching as his rage grew with the apparent realization that the lead was fake and nothing more than an attempt to get him to the planet. You knew that the informant would soon be dead.
"Thank you brother mine."
Sherlock watched as his brother walked to John, offering a handkerchief and a mug of coffee. John accepted both. A few words were said between the two before they turned and walked out of the cemetery together. Sherlock stood there for a few minutes just thinking of all the ways he could have hurt John worse. Nothing came to mind.
“Anderson, keep up!” Shouted Lestrade as the other Alpha slowed his gate. He swayed as Sherlock’s scent changed from plain omega to omega going into heat, the chase kick starting his heat early. John caught a whiff and sped up to put himself between Sherlock and Anderson, growling low in his throat. John’s low growl alerted the two criminals to how close they were and the weakness of the omega, they reached a new back ally and split, “John! Follow the other one! Don’t argue!” Sherlock shouted.
"What are you not telling me Lestrade?"
Mrs. Hudson preened and smiled with glee, "About time! Oh you lot with your moping and foolishness."
"You fucking cock! I'll have you for this!" Shouted Anderson.
Lestrade won’t leave me alone. He keeps making me go to crime scenes and trying to do what you did. He says that I am the next best thing and that after all of those months I must have picked up something from you. I still don’t see everything but I think I see enough. Though the only thing that I want to see is you. Everywhere I look I see the absence of you. Every crime scene makes me think of what you would have done what you would have seen. I can feel the judgment at my slow grasp of the obvious I can hear you talking about what I am missing.  And what I miss is you. Mycroft says that this is going to help me get over you and that eventually I will be able to move on. He won’t let me wallow in self-pity. He even made me go back to 221B. He was a little disappointed that I wouldn’t stay but I explained that the pain was too much. I will have to one day thank him for that.
"The others can find out at the party." John sighed as he pulled a blanket on to them. Sherlock started to pat John's hair in soothing circular motions. "Mycroft and Lestrade are gonna get a huge kick out of this. Molly is going to cry though."
Judgment was strong in Mycroft’s voice. It made Sherlock want to punch him.
Outside the rain had started to fall gently, oh well the sky was crying for my last day alive. I turned to head towards the nearest park, when I got there; it was full of kids playing in the mist. My soul may be gone but even I could not do this here. I walked to the other side of the park and went to find a decent back alleyway.
“Thank you Molly; i’m glad.” My sentence was cut short by the ringing of my phone.
"I've missed you John. I'm so sorry I lied."
"Of course I do. But only if you were the dad."
"I love y...."
They think I’ve gone mad. Lestrade showed up at my flat with a full medical team. They tried to put me in hospital. I managed to run before they caught me. I’m not mad. I’m not mad. I’m not mad. Sherlock where are you? Why are you hiding?
Expect smut in the next chapter, but not good smut since it will be my first time writing it!
“It’s alright Mycroft. This is what I want.” John wrapped an arm protectively around Sherlocks boney shoulders, “Besides your brother is waisting away he needs a doctors care.”
"And I you Sherlock. Now nothing can keep you from me." Sherlock smiled and snuggled closer sending a ripple of pleasure through the men, from the conjoined knot.
“Keep up John!” Sherlock screamed from half a block away three murderers running ahead of him. There was no way that John was going to let anything happen to Sherlock. He was the only one who was making his life worthwhile.
Lestrade hung up and ran through the office to Donovan's office, "Sally code blue man, now, at the Thames!"
Molly nodded and strode to the hospital while I went to the elevator. Once upstairs again I found Lestrade and Sherlock sitting in silence. It appeared that Sherlock had fallen asleep as expected.
“It’s alright Sherlock, he couldn’t have gotten far and you know your brother has you on surveillance, he’s probably got his people out looking for the bastard now. If he hasn't got him already.”
"I am sorry John, that you have to quit your job but it’s for your own safety."
As soon as I was cleared the staff took him away. A nurse came over after a few minutes later and handed me a tissue. I hadn't even realized that I was crying. I had always known that my beloved brother would meet an early end.
"Don't look so shocked, we get one last chance to say goodbye so this is it."
"Oh John. Sherlock. I am so sorry."
"FREEZE!" Lestrades voice boomed out over the bridge, momentarily shocking me back from the edge.
“There were gunmen trained on you, Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade and of course John. If he didn’t die then you were all to be killed. He needed to be free to move around to kill and neutralize the threats. Moriarty killed himself on that rooftop, taking away Sherlock's only chance at calling off the hits. So he had to die. We knew that was a high probability, so we had prepared. The homeless network has proven most useful, they caught him with a tarp, and bloodied him up, a simple ball in the armpit to cut off circulation. It worked, the gunman backed down. Sherlock was free to go around and hunt for the various networks of Moriarty, but somewhere along the line someone got tipped off, the hits were recalled, a colonel Sebastian Moran has reactivated them. What we can tell is that he and John knew each other at some point in Afghanistan and Moran holds a grudge against John. Sherlock found Moran earlier and injured him, unfortunately he got away.”
Once they were properly dressed Sherlock leaned down to press another kiss softly to Johns swollen lips.
Sherlock froze and opened his eyes to stare at John. His face showed shock and a touch of the anger he expected yesterday.
"Now onto slightly more pressing matters, we need to alert D.I. Lestrade to your continued survival, today."
"We'll technically you and Molly are bi. So in essence just Donovan."
Sherlock let out another sob, tears streaming down his face. Under his breath he kept saying John's name.
“You already know the answer.”
Sherlock held onto John, tighter. "Thank you brother for taking excellent care of us."
"I know," he said.
, and have cake."
"I'm quite sure I don't."
"I—um," John looked oddly bashful all of a sudden, not quite meeting Sherlock's eyes. He licked his lips. "Can't guarantee you'll have my full attention. If she wakes up again—"
He ate lunch at his desk, picked listlessly at a salad. Thought of Sherlock's bewildered, resigned voice, thought of
"Why?"
"Do you think there's something wrong with being a weatherman?"
"You've been at Molly's," he said, and she tipped her head in acknowledgement.
John thought:
He does not particularly want curried mutton, either, but he
He thought of the way he himself  had settled in there, the improbable way he and Sherlock had simply taken to one another. The gleeful rush of adventure, of danger, of camaraderie he hadn't felt since the war (and even that was a poor comparison, what he shared with Sherlock went beyond camaraderie, beyond brotherhood). The year and a half he'd spent at Baker Street had been the happiest time of John's life.
Prompted by pagimag on Tumblr:
"Earlier. What I said," John is holding a plate under a steady stream of water. He does not turn to look at Sherlock.
John thinks, a little wildly.
"But—"
He dropped the fairy lights. He did not, mercifully, drop Rosie, though it was a near thing.
Sherlock whirled to follow his brother's gaze. Rosie stood in the doorway, still wearing her coat. She met his eyes, lifted her chin. Her eyes were hard. Still looking for a fight, then.
Merry Christmas to those of you who celebrate today, and a happy holiday season to all. <3
Sherlock shuts the door, turns to look at him. John can hear him breathing in the dark.
He cleared his throat, smiled. His face felt stiff. "Yep. Yeah—there was—there was no missing that."
"Your flat in Chelmsford," Sherlock said. "The lease is up soon."
"It doesn't. Sherlock. Forget it."
"Can I confess something? I will. I'll confess," Sherlock mumbled as John nudged him back upright, began marching him down the hall towards the bedroom. "I was afraid."
So he texted Mycroft. And Mycroft ignored his text and called him instead, because he never texted when he was capable of speaking, and eventually they managed to communicate well enough to make arrangements.
"Supposed to be some virologist from Glasgow," he said. "Shame. It looked like an interesting topic."
"Right," John said, his lips curling up in a brief unamused grin. "Not happening."
Sherlock looks at him, mouth twitching.
The lights had been on in Baker Street, and he'd stood on the pavement looking up, watching Sherlock's shadow flit back and forth past the windows. There had been no fairy lights, no decorations.
"I feel the need for a bit of fresh air," Mycroft said behind him, as maddeningly aware of his movements as ever. "Care to join me?"
There is sweat beading on Alan's forehead. He licks his lips, looks at the cooler Sherlock is sitting on, looks away.
"She doctored records, Mycroft, you said so yourself.“
John shut his eyes, thought about Evan Bell, the way he'd been when he was still alive. Young and wide-eyed and terribly naive. It was not hard to imagine him growing up here, in this place.
"I—erm. Assured her that wouldn't be necessary. Both times." John made a strangled noise that might have been a laugh. "And I—well. I did everything in my power not to disappoint her. Again." He paused, looked at Sherlock, his eyes bright. "Or you. Especially you."
"Um," Alan says.
What Mycroft did not say out loud, but which Sherlock had heard quite clearly regardless, was:
John offers what he hopes is an encouraging smile to Mary, and heads towards the RV. Towards Sherlock, on the RV, who is tensed and waiting for his approach.
she thought, firmly.
"No," John said. "
He stood up.
He had not dreamed of Mary, at least not that he could remember.
John shook his head. "No, I—" he stopped, pursed his lips. Something changed in his expression.
"How's the flatshare working out?" Lestrade asks, after Sherlock has finished helpfully pointing out all of the obvious clues he'd missed regarding a spate of recent murders.
"Mary is nice," John says. The lie falls flat between them, and he knows it. Mary is not particularly nice. Mary is smart, and she is witty, and she makes him laugh, and her sharp edges make her a ruthlessly effective producer. She'd been the most interesting thing in a studio full of terribly boring,
He held her gaze. Breathed out hard through his nose.
"Of course," John snaps, and then hesitates. "Wasn't it?"
Mycroft raised his brows, took another restrained bite of his own tart.
"Dog," Rosie says, and tugs on his hand, and then, when he doesn't immediately react, she tugs and twists with increasing desperation. "Dog, dog, Daddy,
He called up recent examples: John's face, pinched and resigned. John, shaking his head. John, with a flare of anger in his eyes that he quickly tamped down.
There was no need for John to be there. None of the victims had taken dance lessons, after all. This was purely an indulgence. Sherlock could certainly manage to embarrass himself on the dance floor without any assistance.
"What?"
"Not in the microwave," she says.
"What, was he sick or something?" She smiled, as if sharing a private joke.
"This is a racehorse, John. His only value is on the track. You can't run a stolen horse in the Wexell Cup."
"Look," John said. He stepped away from the wall he'd been leaning against, hunched his shoulders against the persistent rain. "This has been an—ah—eventful day. I have the phone, and I want to help. What do you need me to do?"
"I see."
"Mary," she said. "Your wife?"
He shifted on the sofa. A blanket tickled under his chin, and he frowned down at it. Someone had covered him in the night.
Sherlock could not go out without
"It was a difficult time," he hedged. That was—putting it mildly. But accurate.
"Sorry about that," John said. "I just—busy schedule today. Didn't want to leave anyone waiting."
"Jesus," he says. He puts his hand over his eyes. "Jesus."
crimes."
"Oh," he says. "Oh
He takes another sip from the bottle, and then presses delete without allowing himself to hesitate. As before, the screen flickers. The fan screams in protest. He has to jerk his hands away from the keys as the heat becomes too intense.
"I wouldn't consider it odd at all, no."
"I'm sorry," John said. He swallowed, met Sherlock's gaze. He did not want to close his eyes, but his head hurt. He was so very, very cold. There were things he'd wanted to say, though, and he thought he ought to say them. Even if he was only speaking to his own ghost. "I'm so sorry. I was a coward. I should have—I should have told you—"
John shut his eyes. He had promised. It had been a naive, hopeful sort of promise. He hadn't quite known what it would be like, then. He'd not quite grasped all of the ways things could go wrong.
Mrs Hudson flipped open the first newspaper. "Oh," she said, and her voice had gone heavy with disappointment. "Oh
"Yes," Sherlock said, after a moment. His voice was quiet.
"It's fine," Sherlock says. Rosie grabs for his sleeve, leaving a smear of banana on his suit jacket.
"Then what, exactly, is the point of making them?"
John let his hands drop back to his sides. It was suddenly hard to breathe. "Oh," he said.
Buccaneer is friendly. He wags his tail and sniffs John's palm and rolls over for belly rubs, tongue lolling out. John scratches him gently. His fur is silky soft.
He goes into their bedroom, flings open the wardrobe. His own shirts hang, neatly pressed. The drawers yield his items: pants, socks, vests and pyjamas. Mary's dressing gown is missing from the back of the bedroom door, his toothbrush stands alone at the sink in the bathroom.
John stared at the word for a long time, his mouth dry.
"You two still haven't sorted it out, then? He said you haven't been around much," Greg said.
Mycroft and his team screeched to a halt just as Lestrade and Donovan jumped out of their car running towards the bridge.
The tall Omega and short Alpha took off after the murderers, dodging bullets and trash cans thrown at them. After five minutes of ducking down alleys and side streets they were joined by Lestrade and or all people Anderson. Where the hell was Donovan?! She must be pregnant again; otherwise Anderson would have let her be there.
John and Sherlock were pushed out of the house and into the back of Mycrofts awaiting car. Mycroft joined them, glaring at them both. Disapproval hung heavy in the air.
"Shut up Yuri. Well Doctor Watson any last words of wisdom?"
She's married and is looking for someone to cheat on her husband with. -MH
As I paid the door opened and in walked a tall man in a black suit. He stood behind me in line. As soon as I had my coffee and moved out of the way to leave he accidentally bumped into me.
John felt Sherlock relax into his chest the tension draining out of him, his scent reverting to post coitus omega in heat.
For the first time in a long time Sherlock and John felt truly at peace with the world.
I look down and all i see is darkness. A small pool of light illuminates where he landed, where I will land.
"Sherlock, I need...”
I can already hear his voice. He's calling to me already.
I nodded as she continued to type away on her Blackberry.
"You foolish fool! If only you could have waited!"
Sherlock’s retort was cut off by Lestrade running up on them, loading the air with more omega pheromones. “Sherlock, John are you alright!” He called out as he arrived, blanching as he looked around and took in Anderson’s still bloody form on the ground, and the lack of a criminal. “What the fuck happened?”
"John, please I need you. I need your huge cock. I need it inside me."
"I didn't."
"Apparently not or else he wouldn't have been shot!"
On our way.-GL
Mycroft sighed, “Either way you are to behave yourselves. Sherlock I will do my best to not impede your investigation but you will be protected.”
I’m finally allowed moments to myself. It’s nice to be able to see you again. Everywhere that I am alone, I see you. I see your face. No matter when I look. It makes me happy. That is until I am forced to be with people again. When I am with people your face goes away. I feel like I am cracking Sherlock. Please come back, I don’t think I can handle much more.
Kirk continued to stare out the window, obviously lost in thought. Both men knew they wouldn’t get him to talk for a while, that it would be better for them to let him think. They sat in silence for a few minutes before Kirk spoke up.
I feel like my last few months have been a lie. Who am I kidding? I am not you. I will never be you and I will never be able to let it go. Everywhere I look I see you. You’re always in my peripheral vision. I want to see you for real I want to know where you have been, what Moriarty said to make you die.
"Keep me posted!" Lestrade shouted, as a second ambulance pulled up to the scene to remove the three perps.
"You're alive."
Saluting I slunk back to my position behind Kylo as we advanced further onto the planet. It was quiet for a few more minutes before I spotted them. Two rebels were hiding on a rock overhang, blasters pointed right at Kylo’s heart. My instincts took over as I ran forward and shoved him to the ground as the blasters went off. There was a sharp pain in my ribs as I took the blast ment for my superior officer who was radiating pure murder from below me.
"And if the unthinkable were to happen? If he were to die alone?"
"Were in love and were finally together." John finished.
"Anthea, what do you know that I don't? Mycroft must have told you something about those men. Why John, and why now?"
"No while I was clutching my chest and trying to not die myself a van pulled up and got him in it. They tried to run me over but I got out of the way just in time."
"Get away from me you freak!"
Kirk looked up at McCoy tears streaming from his eyes, as Spock held him closer. “The doctor is right. You are way too hard on yourself Jim. No one could have known that the meeting was nothing more than a trap. You saved yourself and Lieutenant Uhura’s life today. You did the best you could with the knowledge of the situation that you had.”
Molly stood, “I’ll head to the hospital wing. Are the doctors coming with John?”
Sherlocks chest tightened. 'That's my John. Much smarter than anyone gives him credit for.' He folded up the letter and pocketed it. Thinking long and hard about what he was about to do. Apparently Mycroft had missed a great deal out of their friend John.
“I was just wondering if you really do understand how much danger you have put him in now.”
"Greg, I am really sorry I had to keep this a secret."
"I thought you said this was a simple suicide."
John sat at the grave again, a stiff crick in his neck from where he fell asleep against it.
"Are you Doctor Watson?" The man in the middle asked, with a thick Russian accent.
"Will you please both act like grownups, you are both in mortal danger."
“It has been over two years and John still showsd no signs of moving on. He rarely sleeps, only eats when it was required of him, and is very rarely social. He never spends any time with any of your old friends.”
"Thank you Sherlock."
“John.” Sherlock panted out.
"Mr. Holmes, I am Dr. Wilson. Let me be quick with you before we rush you're brother off to surgery. Sherlock has lost so much blood, and has a gaping hole in his intestine that we need to repair immediately. The second bullet wound in his hip missed everything critical so we will remove the bullet there and sew him up."
“He thought you were everywhere he looked. He only saw you. He would only talk to you. Harry called Lestrade. She didn’t know what else to do.”
Lestrade sputtered, shocked at Sherlock’s sacrifice.
John looked down to Sherlock curled into his side and knew that he wouldn’t get a better offer. “Yes Mycroft. On one condition. Sherlock has to let Lestrade know that he is still alive.”
"Just go and be quick!"
“Are you going to go back to the flat?”
Mycroft looked him over and nodded, "Anthea will go to the hospital, and I will be questioning three dead men."
"I do. However I do want your help. I need you to make a new blog post, something that will draw in Moran, maybe go over some of your previous cases with Sherlock. We need to get Moran to comment so that we can trace a general location on him."
Emmerson walked forward and handed Sherlock a flash drive, "We anticipated that. We've already followed how he got here; he was disguised as a homeless person. Hat and hoodie covering his face, he managed to make it to the end of Baker Street before he spotted the cameras around 221B. He turned and was picked up by a taxi. We’re tracking where the taxi took him."
"He was going to jump off of Saint Bart’s. Mycroft had his gun removed the moment you died; Mrs. Hudson cleared the flat of all medication. We had him under surveillance and Mycroft got a team there before he could jump. We talked him off the ledge and he just collapsed. He stayed with me for a while, and started to look like he was getting better after that. Then his sister went on a binge and developed alcohol poisoning. She died. He stopped talking again. He's been on suicide watch constantly and last night he left his flat. I don't know all the details about what happened but I got a call from Mycroft that he was trying to kill himself and that he had lost visual on him and for our assistance."
"I know how terrible this sounds, but I am grateful to that bullet."
"Agreed. She, John, Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson were the original targets so it makes sense that the bastard is going to go after them now. What do you think John?"
"Please John, please." Sherlock begged, panting with need. John smiled and removed his tongue, replacing it with two of his fingers. He wiggled them around searching for his prize.
“How long did he stay in the hospital before you freed him again?”
"Thank you Mycroft. I have one more favor to ask of you. Will you please let us go home? Back to Baker st?"
"Moriarty?"
The agents nodded and walked out the door, closing it behind them. Mycroft strode over to the sofa, gracefully sinking down into the couch. "John, I believe you wanted to talk to me about something?"
“How do you know?! You always think that you know what is best for everyone but you don’t Sherlock!”
“HOW COULD HE!? HOW DID HE, WHAT THE HELL WAS HE THINKING? OR WAS HE THINKING?! OH NO THE GREAT SHERLOCK HOLMES HAS TO DO EVERYTHING HIMSELF. WHAT THE HELL?!” She was panting and fuming when she was done with her rant, God that look of adorable fury on her face, just like a tiny kitten who thinks she's a killer panther.
"And I have you. My brave Soldier."
"I love you John. It was hell to be away."
"Sherlock, I love you."
"I'm fine with third place."
Sherlock burst through the door, letting it slam into the wall.
"He would die in the operating room not in here."
"Yes. Mycroft will be with you as much as he can, but he must work."
"Who?"
"I thought you would be mad." Sherlock replied in a small voice.
Fuck no time for this! Get to John, get to John. Where the hell did he go? Just up ahead, the water is red. It must be John. Lestrade pushed himself harder to catch John. He grasped his limp unconscious body, around the chest and swam up, breaking the surface. He hungrily sucked in lung full after lung full of air pulling John's slack body against his as he swam for the shore line which thankfully had EMT's standing by.
His body hits the pavement with a loud sickening thump. Bones break and he is sputtering life.
Please Sherlock…
'Well fuck if it isn't one Holmes ordering me around it's the other. Though he's the only one to order me around anymore.' Lestrade thought as he made his excuses to the woman sitting across from him.
“His doctors seemed hopeful, I'm not telling Sherlock yet but he’s in transport. They just left London and will be here in two hours.”
Presents were passed around; smiles widened everyone's faces and giggles permeated the air; it was a magical time as snow slowly drifted down outside the windows.
“Do you ever wish you could just step onto the transporter and have it take you back to before you ever met me? That way you would be safe from my stupidity. I know neither of you wanted to be stuck with me, i’m flat out useless and a hazard to everyone's health. You were just forced to join me and now my bad decisions have gotten seventy two crew people killed. It’s all my fault, maybe I should just quit. Go back to Iowa, go back to the farm.” Jim was silenced by McCoy leaning over him and kissing him hard. When he finally drew back for breath Kirk was about to argue when Spock’s mouth replaced McCoys.
I walked out into the street just as a group of three men left a nearby bar, they were tall and thick, and very dangerous looking. These people didn't belong to Mycroft. Well so much for drowning; it looked like Lestrade would be the one presiding over my murdered body.
"So big, so full." Sherlock panted as John plowed into him.
John slid out of the car, but before Sherlock could make it out, Mycroft held Sherlock back. “John I would like one moment with my brother. Don’t worry the car will not move a single inch.”
"No. I won't leave John."
Pulling his cap down over his face and turning his jacket collar up to shield him from any prying eyes he walked over to his grave intent on feeling the residual warmth of John, but what he found was a small box.
Yay another chapter! So I have the story completely planned out for now! It may change but I'm hoping to have it finished before March!
Molly snorted about that; “We can only wish. Unfortunately they may both be insanely smart but they are so damn dumb at the same time.” We broke out in soft laughter together.
Sherlock went silent and still, stress pheromones rolled off him in waves. John pulled him closer rocking his hips forward sending a spike of pleasure through them. "Sherlock, what aren't you telling me love?"
“Yes dear that would be lovely.” I smiled at her, she looked exhausted.
Sherlock laughed, imagining John attacking his pretentious brother.
I chuckled, relaxing back into the seat; I might as well enjoy the peace and quiet while I can. We road in silence for another hour before pulling into Mycroft’s posh estate, my favorite of all his places. I was looking forward to a nice hot shower in our bathroom, but more for an update on John.
"You are amazing John, protecting me from that idiot Anderson."
“Molly would you please join me for a cup of tea?” Molly turned bright red but nodded.
"I would win."
“Yes. We lost them about an hour ago, but I would count on the place being known.”
"Exceptionally well."
Lestrade walked up to the chair looking at the gash on Sherlock’s upper chest. At least six inches long and deep. His whole chest was covered in blood in varying stages of dryness. A bandage wrapped around his right wrist.
"John stay where you are!"
Boiling hot anger flashed across Sherlock’s face. Not that line, not about him. A knife flashed out of Sherlock’s pocket thrown with superior aim, just missing his brothers’ face. Mycroft didn’t even flinch, just looked at his brother with pity.
Dear Sherlock,
I was fully prepared to see Mrs. Hudson and Molly already there, however in a million years I never expected to see the weak, sick figure of Sherlock Holmes draped over a chair in the living room, being stitched up by a doctor.
Sherlock nodded and slid out of the car.
"Are you positive that he is a good man?"
It took a whole month for me to discover that my gun was gone. Mycroft must have had his men get it before I got home on that day. Or maybe it was Lestrade. Either way they just eliminated one method of my suicide.
"What is it?"
"You are to get straight to the Hospital to check on John or send Anthea, and I want a full update on those men by the time that I am released."
"Oh she will cry but it's going to be happy tears; she's in love with Anthea."
Sherlock grasped Johns hand and pulled him towards his bedroom, "Did Mycroft keep the flat for you?"
“Don’t fight it Sherlock, you will learn to love me, and we will have beautiful babies. Donovan would love another omega in the pack.” Growled Anderson low in his throat.
Mycroft looked to both of them, a searching gaze before he held out his hand and shook with his brother. "Agreed."
“What happened after I left?”
GREGORY YOU HAVE TO LEAVE NOW OR I WILL HAVE MY MEN TAKE YOU. -MH
“Idiot.” Whispered Mycroft, pulling out his phone and texting away. John kept his eyes on Sherlock, refusing to look away.
"You smell amazing." He sniffed at his fingers again, before bringing them to his mouth and licking Sherlock’s lubrication off them. Tasting wholly of Sherlock, a hint of fine liquor, wood smoke, and musk.
"John as soon as you want to go back you can."
The drug dealers we had been watching turned violent these last few weeks, bodies had started to turn up and they started to get sloppy. It took Sherlock two hours to predict where they were going to strike next, and for him to dart off like a bat out of hell.
"He's going to try to lure us out or he's going to try to bribe one of our guards. I trust you checked each of your people so that they can't be bribed."
"No, not so ridiculous," Sherlock agreed, his voice soft.
"I don't want you to piss off," John said. He tipped his head back, the stiff ends of his drying hair rustling against Sherlock's shirt. Sherlock's arm was still slung across his chest, keeping him from rolling off the narrow seat onto the floor. It was surreal, strange, the sort of thing he could not ever have imagined over a year's worth of lonely, self-pitying nights.
Her cot was limned in moonlight. She was standing up, peering over the top, her little hands gripping the bars for balance.
"And," Lestrade said, smiling wider, leaning back. "You're going to tell us where."
"I am," John says.
"Allie Turner said the well was on the southeast end of the property—"
"Well, here's hoping that I meet someone tall, dark, and handsome," Janine sighed. "I think the universe owes me one, don't you?"
The South Downs were lovely in autumn.
John sat down on the edge of his bed, put his head in his hands.
"The. Um. Whole—" Sherlock lifted one hand away from John's back, waved it helplessly in the air. "Living without you—thing. Can't do it."
Mycroft breathed in through his nose. There was an uncharacteristic hesitance in him. "Sherlock," he said.
The right shoulder of Sherlock's jacket was frayed, ripped. John could picture it, Sherlock, wrapping his hand up in his jacket, breaking the glass. Discarding the jacket and reaching his gloved hands through the shards to unlock the door, to push his way in. Swift, efficient movements. He'd torn the gloves, John recalled. Peeled them off, left them discarded on the floor, wet and dark with blood.
Harry's voice in his head.
And yet, Rosie's stupefied reaction to tangling a bit of tape around her fingers, and then her immediate and vocal interest in repeating the experiment was, strangely, captivating.
"It's late," he said, finally. He gestured vaguely around the flat. The drug paraphernalia was gone, courtesy of Mycroft, but the room was in a considerable state of disarray. Moreso than usual. And that was saying something.
"Be good to leave London, I think," he said, and he found it was not as difficult to say those words as he'd thought it might be. "Change of scenery for Rosie. Maybe we can—it's just—too many ghosts here, yeah?"
He thought about the days stretching out ahead of him. Rosie kept him busy, of course, but eventually there would be school and friends and then—and then his empty lonely days in his empty lonely little house would seem that much emptier, that much lonelier.
Sherlock looked down at his shoes, all polished black leather. There was mud drying on the sides.
"No," he says.
"Yes, well, your taste is rubbish."
Sherlock doesn't dream, but if he did, it would go like this:
Bored with the conversation, Sherlock opted not to answer. Instead he went over to the front desk, tapped the little bell on the counter.
In the top drawer he found it, folded up in a plastic evidence bag. The phone was heavy, sleek, a brand he'd never heard of. It looked expensive, the kind of thing that the overly rich bought up because they had nothing better to spend their money on.
Mrs Hudson gripped his forearm, looked at him with concerned, hooded eyes. Worried for Sherlock. It seemed they were always worried for Sherlock.
He leaned back in his seat, looked at her. "London."
"Don't sleep on the sofa, it bothers your back."
He'd always hated being passive. It got under his skin, the knowledge that there was something that needed
And, hell, he
He scanned the growing crowd, skimming over several women in dresses and heels, looking for Molly Hooper.
And Evan's brother had clearly come to the same conclusion.
There were a number of possible scenarios.
Sherlock hummed, amused.
Mycroft pressed his lips together, looked up at the ceiling, the very picture of irritated restraint. There was an amusing predictability to his responses when frustrated. Sherlock often enjoyed provoking the reaction. If pushed further, Mycroft would take a threatening step forward, his hand tight on the handle of his umbrella. He'd never once swung it at him, though undoubtedly he'd imagined doing so.
There were a lot of things he hadn't known at the time. The memories made his heart heavy.
John shifted in his seat. He was uncomfortably restless, edgy. He wanted badly to ensure that Lazarus was all right.
Sherlock went still. Slowly, he turned to look at John.
He sat at his little kitchen table, laptop open in front of him, and stared at his blog.
The brass knocker hung straight against the scuffed dark wood of their front door.
"Oh," he said, because the ring he saw was not the one he'd expected to see at all.
Sherlock ignored him. "He flirts with everyone, don't take it personally, it's reflexive—"
He supposed he ought to have known that. There had been a party. Pink streamers and such. Little cakes. He'd tuned most of it out.
"You can sleep here."
This scene was eventually adapted into the conversation Sherlock and Mycroft have in the car in
No. To be honest, he'd been wearing that expression before the phone call, he'd been wearing that expression for three full days, ever since Rosie had told them—
Mary puts her hand on John's arm again. This time her grip is quite firm. The little crowd around them is grumbling, clearly on Moriarty's side.
"Mary," John says. "Mary Morstan."
After she has fled back towards the main house, John stands with Sherlock in the cramped little barn, listening to the rain batter the roof.
She pursed her lips. Silence stretched between them.
if I misconstrued her friendliness towards Sherlock as romantic interest, which was
"Thanks," John said.
"You haven't deduced it?"
"There is no one tipping them off," Mycroft said. "We've been monitoring. You must be doing something to give yourself away."
"You need a shower," she said.
bed, the duvet crumpled beneath him. "Are you—?"
he asks himself. He does not have an answer.
"Look, stop trying to distract me. Or. Or whatever you're doing. You and I both know you can run circles around me when you want to—"
John lifted his head, startled.
"Well, would you look at that," he'd said, surprised and grateful for the distraction, for something concrete to needle his brother about. "I believe Mycroft has some explaining to do."
"Helps to stay in character."
"What you said, about penance? Maybe you're right. I don't know," John said. "But I. I had my reasons for leaving that day, and not coming back. And they weren't the right reasons. They've never been the right reasons."
"Whatever," Wiggins said, and went. Sherlock listened to his plodding steps on the stairs, the creak and slam of the door.
"Always the same?"
Mycroft had said. No hesitation, no calculation. He'd woven it into his conversation as if it were natural to call her such.
The caretaker finished mopping up the floor. He left the way he had come, moving at an unhurried pace, pushing his cart. John watched him go. Within a few moments, the rippling crowd of people on the platform filled in the space he'd left behind.
But then John had said
He slipped his phone out of his pocket, looked down. There were texts. Texts from John. Sherlock had spent much of the night prowling around an interesting corpse and barking orders at Lestrade; he'd not paid any attention to his phone.
"She introduced herself as such," Mycroft said. "You'd have had no reason to suspect otherwise."
smiling. It was a sad sort of smile, but no less genuine for it.
"Shit," John says, sitting up straight. He scans the horizon and—there—just off to their left, carving gracefully through a rolling field. There is the familiar bolt of excitement twisting in his gut and sparking down his spine, and he cannot help but grin.
Sherlock hits him hard from behind, driving him face down into the ground. John shouts, and struggles, and then Sherlock's hand is clamped across his mouth.
John tilted his head back, slowly, achingly slowly, and ghosted his lips against the corner of Sherlock's mouth. Waited.
It was not the sparse, unoccupied space he occasionally kipped in after a long case. There were piles of books and papers on the little desk, wardrobe open and stuffed haphazardly with clothing, shoes tucked under the bed. A half-crushed pack of cigarettes on the windowsill.
"Go home," he muttered to himself, his voice low and fierce. He clenched his hand, hard, dug his fingernails into his palm. He needed to leave. He needed to have never come at all. He needed to stop thinking about Sherlock, and he needed to have never heard about the bloody virologist from Glasgow, and—
He hesitated, looked around the flat again.
Sherlock's vision blurred. He shut his eyes, brought his hand up to rub at them. His cheeks were wet.
Sherlock ignores him, rests his chin on folded hands. "We're not in agreement."
"I'm sorry—" John started. The words burned hot in the back of his throat, difficult to force out. He never seemed to find the right words when he needed them.
"Me," Sherlock agreed. "The younger brother of a well-placed member of the British government. Officially deceased. Unofficially… well, let's say deeply undercover. And someone on the inside, whispering to Moriarty all of my little secrets. I assume you attached yourself to John as soon as you'd identified him as the source?"
He'd missed Rosie's first Christmas. She'd screamed and cried and wailed for him, for Mary, for
"No!" Sherlock said, aghast. "Evan Bell."
Icy night air rushed in. He looked left, then right, heart pounding. The fire escape was empty.
"Sherlock," John said. A rustling sound from the sitting room. John had stood up from his chair.
He distanced himself. Not fully—he could not risk vanishing into his mind palace and losing track of time—but just enough that he could stop himself from flinching when Mary and John joined hands.
"'He had to keep Janine in the dark, of course,'" Janine said, pitching her voice high in an eerily accurate impression. "'But he needed someone to confide in, and so he turned to me.' Blah, blah, blah."
"No, no, take that off. Try this one," Sherlock barked, reappearing with the attendant, two new suits in tow. He went straight into the dressing room without slowing down.
"I shouldn't be surprised," Sherlock said. He took a step forward, the angles of his face catching the dim light from the streetlamps. His cheeks were gaunt, his chin rough and unshaven. He'd done something quite terrible to his hair. "It's you. It's
She looked up at him, her jaw set, her eyes hard. Mary's eyes.
He does not move from his perch at the kitchen table. She stumbles into the flat, kicks off her remaining shoe. Makes her way towards the sofa.
therefore their partners must surely be unhappy. But what if they weren't? All of them went willingly into the marriage, after all, and there were no signs of blackmail or even substantial financial inequality."
So the only one you're actually trying to hurt is yourself."
He supposed it had been in rather poor taste to include Vincent St Clair's widow, Olivia, in his initial spree of friend requests and messages on New Year's Day. St Clair had only taken his fatal fall down the church stairs a little over a week before Christmas.
"What are you doing with that?" Sherlock asks, his head tilted, peering over John's shoulder.
The dressing room door clicked shut. John swallowed.
"Wasn't easy," Pete said. "It's not traceable, if that's what you're thinking. And I don't think it will be too hard to convince anyone that it belonged to John when they—when they find you."
He's brought copies, just in case.
He bent to resettle Rosie into her pushchair. Sat down in one of the comfortable waiting room chairs, looked up at the clock on the wall. Watched the minutes tick by.
"And I'm not a chat service," John said, once more moving to click out of the window. "Have a great day."
As if, after everything, there could still be doubt.
John shifted where he sat, uncomfortably aware of everything he was not hearing. There was still time, he knew. He could call out to Sherlock, ask him to wait. Bring Rosie downstairs to Mrs Hudson. He could follow Sherlock out into the night and let go of everything weighing on his mind.
"Am I understanding you correctly?“ Sherlock said, turning his full focus to Lestrade. "Molly Hooper inexplicably found a priceless missing gem in her dinner, and you came rushing over here to tell me because I’d be—”
"He's got it wrong," Janine said, her voice slow, considering. "You
Except—
A rustle and a thump from Rosie's room, a muted whimper that escalated into a guttural wail, a choking sobbing scream for
"No. Nope," John said. Shook his head. Hesitated, looked back up at Sherlock. "Unless—did you
There had been someone—
were—
He touched the back of her head, smiled. Left her to her game.
Because she was right. It was obvious. All of those times Lestrade had nearly snapped his own neck twisting to watch her walk by. The way he'd dropped his date plans when Molly had turned up on that night, that terrible night months ago when John hadn't—
"And yet you believe you know him well enough to state, unequivocally, that he's not a murderer."
"Clever boy," she said, her smile blooming anew.
"The reports have been rolling in all day," Sherlock says, after a moment. He looks back up at the sky. "Biggest series of storms in more than twelve years. NSSL says they've never seen anything quite like it."
Sherlock melted forward, eyes slipping shut once again. He was lost. There was no returning from this.
John blinked awake, sat up, stared at him. His face was creased with sleep, his hair rumpled.
John hesitated, cleared his throat, tried to read between the lines. "So you—offered it to Janine?"
Except, maybe it had made sense.
He shut his eyes against the sudden flood of memories, still raw, even after all this time. He did not need to watch the disc again. Its contents were burned in his mind forever.
"Yeah, I can see that," John said.
"John told me the happy news," Sherlock says. He is still smiling. His eyes seem to be boring into Mary's.
for all of your absolutely invaluable support and assistance with this one! :)
And now John was gone. Really gone, this time. Not coming back. No more cases, no more takeaway and crap telly, no more
He slipped his hands into his pockets, tucked his chin into the folds of his scarf. He missed John at his side. He missed him terribly.
"Are you sure?"
"We'll have to do that coffee another day," he said. He pushed through the door, went out into the chill air. It had begun to rain, fat drops pelting against his shoulders.
She could have stood up, she supposed. She could have made her excuses and left. She had not. Instead she'd shifted in her seat and listened.
He turned his head.
Right. Flat B must be the upstairs one, then.
"Went for a bit of a swim, too," he said. "It was cold. You wouldn't have liked it much."
Sherlock was right, he thought. He never could have asked Molly Hooper to do this.
Things could have been different, he thinks. Things
"Dr Watson, what—?"
John smiled down at the ground, then lifted his gaze. Offered his hand. "John Watson."
Evie poked her head in, clearly not deterred. "Janine? Sherlock? The photographer—"
Not so temporary after all, it seems.
will try to kill him."
Not a mugging—joggers rarely carried valuables, and the man's shoes and watch were untouched. Not premeditated—the killer had made no effort to hide the body or dispose of the murder weapon.
He set the box on the counter, watched distractedly as she rang it up. Rosie squirmed and strained in his arms.
"You should," Mycroft said. "Considering he wants you dead."
John opened his mouth to ask what he meant, but then he heard it—distant but distinct. The steady throb of an approaching helicopter.
And it did not make it better that everything was now back to some semblance of normal. That Sherlock was clean again, that he'd dragged himself up from rock bottom and had recovered without any serious long-term damage. That John seemed capable of smiling again, was able to care for himself and his daughter. That the two of them had stitched up yet another terrible gaping wound between them.
"Well, you
"Well, half of it is soaked into the carpet."
John rolled his eyes, ploughed on. "They were targeted specifically. The allergies, the stairs—those were specific, individualised attacks. There was never any danger to the bride or anyone else. But Christopher Thomas died on horseback. Bit risky, that, yeah?"
"It's so—" John hesitates. "Colourful."
"Refills," Sherlock shouted over his shoulder, a bit louder than necessary.
"Then we don't let him," John said. His face was furrowed up, almost heartbreakingly earnest. "Don't play his game. Make up one of your own."
Sherlock resisted the urge to strike the steering wheel with his palms. Such displays of emotion served no purpose. There was heat creeping up the back of his neck, a strangling sense of desperation and helplessness and John was
He wants to ask her why, or how she can possibly be sure of such a thing. No one could ever be sure of anything with Sherlock. He was simply Sherlock, and John had thought him amazing (and also infuriating, but mostly amazing), and now he was dead. He had not left instructions behind. He'd not left a note.
"Mrs Hudson, enough about the scones," he said. His voice wavered, just slightly.
"No, no, there's significance to our killer choosing to strike at weddings. He's around the industry, familiar with it. We're on the right track."
He swallowed. His mouth was quite dry. He let Jeanette pull him into a halfhearted embrace. Resisted the urge to look back up at the stage.
Moriarty's eyes are wide and dark and entirely unreadable. He does not look particularly alarmed. Instead, he steps back, out of John's grasp, makes an elaborate show of brushing his jacket clean. His moves are sweeping, theatrical; he is clearly hamming it up for the camera and the gathered onlookers.
John, who had stood in the doorway and said
He goes back up the aisle, gathers up his basket from the floor. Goes into the next aisle, overly aware of the sound of his own breathing, of the squeaky wheel on Rosie's pushchair, the intermittent buzz of the overhead lights.
He was smiling, he realised distantly. He hadn't had cause to do much of that recently.
"Because we're both still hungry," John said.
"Did it work?" Sherlock's voice is curious. He brushes past John on his way towards the desk and John nearly wilts from it, the whiff of familiar scent and the ensuing rush of sense memory.
He doesn't dream.
"No,“ Lestrade said, frowning a little bit. "I came over here to see if you could find out how in the hell it got into that chicken in the first place.”
"My room." John spoke slowly, his head tilted slightly.
"The cane, John. Your cane. I knew you'd bring it. I knew, right from the start, what it was going to take to bring Culverton Smith down. You played your role perfectly."
His mind felt as fragile and tenuous as candy floss, his thoughts dissolving even as he chased them.
It was as if all of the air had gone out of her. Her face went white, her shoulders slumped, her eyes slipped shut.
"Sherl didn't mention the honeymoon?"
"I've agreed to a rehab program," she says. "I'm doing well on my own, but—"
John turned to look at him, raised his brows.
Not much of a guise. His vision had gone dark around the edges. He put his hands on his knees.
"If I'm cooking you dinner, the least you can do is carry the basket."
"—thinking," Sherlock said, finally.
But it needn't be muffled or quiet, would it? They had no reason to think that he was just outside. No reason to think they weren't alone.
"Living in the moment," the realtor said, smiling again. "That's sweet."
"I'm sorry," he said. He cleared his throat, shifted Rosie in his arms. "For—um. For this. For all of it, really."
John told him.
Sherlock threw the seat out into the drifting snow, slammed the rear door. He then hurried around the front of the car, briefly illuminated in the headlights.
Pete.
"Oh, God," Molly said. She swallowed, looked away. "It probably—on the roof—"
John swallows, hard. "Three minutes," he says. "That's the average. It's not enough time. With new information, we could increase it. Ten minutes. Maybe fifteen, maybe more. It's not a lot, but it—" he glances at Sherlock again. "It would make a difference. A big difference."
"John."
"Come on," Sherlock said. He pushed away from the doorframe, started down the stairs.
"I'd been hoping for biscuits," Mrs Hudson said mournfully. "Or maybe some scones."
nice to—yeah. To hear from friends."
"None of that," he told her. "You'll be grateful to have your own room, one day."
"Sherlock. I don't need you calculating anything about my personal life. Yeah? Just. Leave it."
"It's gone?"
He shakes her off again. John had never known what had hit him. He'd been looking up, his eyes locked on Sherlock, and then he'd—
"Sherlock," John says, and there is an unamused smile on his face, his hands have curled up against his thighs. "Please. Just get it over with."
Sherlock set his hands in his lap. Lifted them again. Picked up his pint and took a small sip, set it back down on the table.
John took a sip of his tea, swallowed hard.
"Six years," Sherlock said.
There is a screen (dark) and a keyboard (mostly ordinary) and a little round button that certainly appears to be the power switch.
John let out a little huff of laughter, disbelieving. "Right, yeah. Come on now. You hardly know me. Surely it's not that hard to find someone to clean the kitchen."
"Pity," Mary said. She smiled at him. She'd reapplied her lipstick. "Could be a case for Sherlock Holmes."
Sherlock turned to look at him, stopping short on the pavement. Pedestrians behind them swerved to avoid running into his back.
"Mrs Hudson," Sherlock said. He swallowed, unable to tear his gaze away from the chair. "Fetch me my revolver."
He stood for a moment, struggling to tuck Rosie against his hip. She was growing fast, and the strain on his bad shoulder was enormous.
"If something happened, if he's been taken, we need all the resources we can get. We'll need access to CCTV footage outside the flat, we'll need to interview neighbors to see if they heard anything. It's proper procedure, Sherlock, I can't just—"
"Um," he said.
(See the end of the chapter for
He’d scowled up at her, already certain that he wasn’t going to like her next words.
it was done.
"You know, I think I'll take my time," John said, and kissed him.
Sherlock looked at him, said nothing. He stood far too close, made no attempt to move away.
"Ye-es."
"Good," he said, not quite sure how to respond. "That's—that must be something you're looking forward to, yeah? Put all of this behind you?"
Well. John was now the person who warranted a single generic text on Christmas morning.
smiling as he leaned in for another kiss) had nearly brought him to his knees. He groaned, let his head fall back against the wall.
He sighed, pinched his brow. Scrolled slowly through the other comments.
It is not unusual. Rosie is a particularly comely child, all wild blond curls and bright, inquisitive eyes. She draws attention wherever they go.
For a moment they stared at each other.
"All right."
"Not sure that's the sort of thing I should be agreeing with."
People were pressed shoulder to shoulder at the bar, shouting to be heard over the crowd. John perched on the edge of a stool, squeezed uncomfortably close between Lucy and a woman whose name he'd missed but suspected might be Lucy's cousin, she of the seven-year-old son.
John sighed, struggled to his feet. He went around the back of the car to where Sherlock stood, staring into the boot with a blank expression on his face.
He has spent the last several days attempting to ignore the anniversary of the event. It is not something he wants to remember. He is not Sherlock, however, and he has never quite been able to master the knack of deleting unwanted information.
John hums, shifts a bit. The gentle snoring stops as he rolls his head against the cushions. He does not wake.
There were two rings laid out side by side on a scrap of dark velvet. They gleamed under the lights.
John had changed his shirt. A faint odour of mint wafted in the air around him—he'd brushed his teeth. He was smiling down at the ground, a rueful little smile. There was a tiny white fleck of toothpaste in the corner of his mouth that Sherlock badly wanted to lick away.
John's hand on his neck, his fingers in his hair, slipping idly through the curls at the back of his head. John's hand on his waist, fingers splayed wide, warm through his shirt. John's lips on his, eager and pressing, not at all hesitant. The heavy close scents there on the landing, the sour sharp smell of drying sick on John's shirt, perspiration and the faint lingering trace of John's cologne.
"Yes, fine, we'll take a train tomorrow," he said.
Harry wrinkled up her nose. "Why?"
"The three of them probably wouldn't give me the time of day, except now I'm in the papers. They're all very eager for a taste of the limelight." She shot him another smile. "I'm just using it to my advantage."
"Sorry," John says.
"Ah," John said. He pinched at his brow again, shifted where he stood. Dragged his thoughts back to the case, back to what Sherlock had said. Thought about who might have it out for someone whose own grieving family and friends would label as
"Are you all right?" she asked, and then she winced, looked away. "Well. No. I mean. Of course you're not all right. You were shot. You're lucky you even—no—just—" she stopped, blew out a frustrated breath.
There was not much of an opportunity for regrets. The darkness rushed in and took him.
or the
"I was just trying to save you some time."
Sherlock kicked out of his pyjama bottoms in an awkward flail of limbs, falling back against the duvet. John followed him, crawling awkwardly across the narrow mattress.
He went back upstairs into the flat, went into the kitchen. Looked at the table, at Sherlock's microscope and slides, stacked and tucked neatly to the side, well out of reach of Rosie's curious hands. Years ago, he'd have left it all scattered about, unconcerned, unapologetic.
John looked down.
"All right," she said, shrugging. He had the distinct impression that she'd had enough of him for one day.
"It's been more than a month," Mycroft said. "The stitches are out, the bruises have faded, and you've been issued a clean bill of health—" he paused, wrinkled his nose and waved his hand through the smoky air, "—somehow. Even your dedicated team of babysitters seem to have relaxed their vigil."
He stood up, stepped forward, and John's hand closed around his forearm.
He put his hand on the back of Sherlock's neck, pulled him down with a confidence he did not quite feel. Sherlock's lips were warm and dry, his breath stale. The tip of his nose was cold against John's cheek.
"No," Sherlock said. "I wouldn't worry. She'll not be trying that again."
He showered, shaved, dressed. His hands were steady as he buttoned his shirt.
He looked back at the television. Opened his mouth to speak.
She'd loitered in the doorway to his room, and he'd looked up, had tried to hide the disappointment that John had not come. He'd failed. She had not seemed hurt by his reaction but had smiled instead, folded her arms.
"Yeah," John said. "Sorry. I—I should have found out when you were being discharged. I'd have met you with—" He stopped again, looked Sherlock over. "Er, where did you get those clothes?"
"Funny you should mention that," John said. He clenched his hand, hard, breathed out through his nose. There had been some part of him that had assumed Sherlock knew what had happened, that he'd kept tabs on John even though they no longer spoke. He was not quite sure why it stung so badly to be proven wrong.
"I should have gone with you," John murmured, his lips brushing against Sherlock's forehead, and there was none of that forced politeness in his voice any more, only a heavy, weary sort of sorrow.
He did not remember their parting words. But John had helped Rosie into her winter coat and they'd gone down the stairs together. Sherlock had stood at the window and watched them disappear into a cab.
"That's—not—" John started.
Sherlock's hand on his waist, his breath on John's face. The stumbling, halting start-stop of their steps, socked feet whispering against the aged sitting room rug. Sherlock had insisted he take his shoes off while he was learning. It had been uncomfortable, strangely intimate, to be that close. John had thought he might laugh, but he hadn't. They had both taken it quite seriously.
he'd said to Sherlock, three days prior.
He presses his lips together. He is suddenly terribly aware of his own hands, empty and restless. Downstairs, the door clicks shut. The stairs creak under John's footsteps.
"Well, perhaps you can try their mobile." The woman lifted her brows at him, clearly expecting him to move along.
"Congratulations," he added belatedly.
The thought, once it had occurred, wormed uncomfortably into John's mind.
He thought about Evan Bell—about the way he'd been when he was alive, not how he'd died. It was strange. He'd not thought about the good parts of Evan in a long time.
at Sherlock, because when she did she still saw his gaunt stubbled face and his bloodied sclera and the gruesome stitches over his left eye.
He reached over, snatched up the throw pillow from the coffee table. Held it up for a moment, weighing his options. He thought about the warmth of John's arm, pressed against his own, the way his chest rose and fell with each measured breath.
“No no no John! You can not die on me!” Sherlock screamed out not even caring that the murderers were getting away. His only concern for John.
"I finished all versions including some unreleased of Angry Birds as well."
We are still looking for Moran. I will be there in a few hours. -MH
Getting impatient John ripped the last few buttons off. Sherlock sighed contentedly as John pulled the offending garment off his shoulders popping the wrist cuffs off and letting it slide to the floor relishing the feeling of the cool air on his over sensitized skin.
And no arguments. -MH
"I am sorry."
Those two idiots! If only they had just waited! The two of them were on the ground, bleeding out and the kid was standing there shaking.
"Not a chance. I can't imagine anyone I would rather be with and like I said you will make an amazing father. You do want children don't you Sherlock?" Replied John with a hint of worry in his voice.
“And just how would it benefit me more to read how much I had hurt and killed John myself?”
Molly and Mrs. Hudson kept pace with me as we walked down the hall, “Mrs. Hudson this will be your room.” Mrs. Hudson stepped forward into the open room, looking around appreciatively at the well furnished room.
"Every chance I get."
I waited until they had joined me before leading the two women to a blank wall and pushing on the paneling unveiling an elevator, “Ladies.” I said as I held the door open, discreetly checking out Molly as she entered, god what a stunning woman.
John just chuckled, reached down and gave himself a few strokes before Sherlock pulled him up to the bed and switched places, before John had a chance to protest Sherlock took him in his mouth to the base. All John could do was sputter, and watch as his brilliant detective started to bob up and down applying the right amount of suction and teeth.
"Thank you."
I couldn't reply, my breathing was ragged, each lung full pure torture to pull in. The men walked quickly to the middle of the nearby bridge and heaved my body onto the railings.
"So the three of us, four once John gets there are just going to hide until this situation is neutralized?"
Damn it you little brat! If you let him know you’re alive or get him hurt for this I will personally kill you. The second that you leave that house you are going to be in my custody! -MH
Lestrade stood in the doorway, jaw dropped staring at the dead man in front of him.
“Molly, are you going to be ok here?” She looked up at me a question in her eyes, a look like no one has ever bothered to ask her such a basic question.
Anderson didn’t see the blow or even scent the enraged alpha coming up on him before he was plucked off of Sherlock and thrown into the wall, his head smacking hard. Anderson jumped up snarling at the advancing enraged Alpha.
"It appears the Calvary has arrived. Run boys! Doctor it's been nice killing you." Mica shoved me hard, gravity taking over and pulling me towards the black depth below.
Sherlock glared at her seething with anger, both at himself and at her.
‘Of course it’s bloody cold and raining, why wouldn’t it be. Oh no Sherlock couldn’t figure out where these dumb ass criminals were when it was warm and sunny could he? Nope he had to wait till it's fucking cold and pissing my shoulder off.’ John thought bitterly.
"Scary Mycroft. When we decide to have kids he's going to be the most terrifying Uncle along with Lestrade. Though that may be a good thing. Too bad it’s going to be a while."
John smiled, and pushed Sherlock back on to the bed, pulling his trousers completely off, along with his shoes and socks.
The presents were finally wrapped; the tree up and the flat fully decorated. John sighed contentedly as he sat down on the sofa and snuggled up next to Sherlock with a mug of tea. The stress of the last few weeks finally forgotten as John leaned over to kiss his boyfriend.
"Gonna cum." John panted out at the last second; Sherlock just took him in deeper all the way to the back of his throat and swallowed around Johns prick, setting John over the edge. Sherlock swallowed him down as the hot salty liquid hit the back of his throat. He slowly pulled off, John panting hard above him. Sherlock moved up to the bed pulling John with him to the top where he laid John on his chest and held him tight.
“No. Not yet.”
"Too many clothes John, it hurts."
"Mr. Holmes is still interrogating the suspects and Mrs. Hudson and Ms. Hooper have all been removed to a private residence. He also says that you are to go nowhere and you will be taking a holiday for a while and that you are not to argue."
Dear Sherlock,
John stilled as he bottomed out, "Feel so full. Feels amazing. It's like I’ve been missing something all this time. God you're so huge." mumbled Sherlock as he pushed back tightening his muscles against Johns cock. "Yes that’s my good little omega."
“Wonderful Dr. Watson. If you would please come with me.”
“It was a case that went wrong. Lestrade was looking for a kidnapper and he couldn’t put the puzzle together so he went to John and they were trying to find the missing girl and the kidnapper. John miss stepped once and the kidnapper killed the little girl and himself. He couldn’t handle it. So he broke down again. He left the investigation and Lestrade tried to stop him and ended up getting his nose broken.”
Lestrade looked between the three of them. “John take Sherlock home, I can smell him over here. And Sherlock, I know you hate being an omega, but If I can deal with it than so can you.”
"If you're going to punch me can it wait until after the stitches are done?"
“I will do my best brother.”
Sherlock couldn't contain it; he let out a deep belly laugh, which caused John to start laughing as well. "You don't look so good yourself."
Lestrade huffed out a deep sigh, "Then his men will take him to be treated. That's why they recalled the attack."
"What do you mean?"
"Well then I trust you to keep me safe. Mycroft you arrange it. Have him come over about three. John and I need some time together."
"Taylor, put the gun down or I will be forced to make you." the command in my voice was unmistakable. He looked at me with pure hatred, but lowered his gun a few inches. It appeared that he was going to comply with my order, until we heard the sirens off in the distance. The police were here.
"Gregory! I lost him! Get to the Thames! He was headed there; he's trying to kill himself!"
Mycroft came down the bank carrying a blanket which he draped over Lestrades shoulders before pulling him into a tight hug.
It was all I could do to stay dead, but Moriartys threat still hung over my head, so I stayed dead. A year and a half after my death is when it finally happened. I knew what he was thinking and I couldn't find a way to alert someone to the danger that was fast approaching.
"What the hell Sherlock? Explain."
Chapter 1: At the cemetery
Most of my time however was spent monitoring John. Mycroft made it so easy, having put him on watch after my death. And hacking into the servers was childs play. A few cameras of my own in his new flat and I had no problems what so ever in keeping a constant eye on him. It was a good thing too.
"So beautiful. My wonderful omega. Undress me."
"Jesus, John. No way are you straight."
"Sherlock, too much, I need to be inside of you, now." John panted releasing the heady scent of sex.
I saw him today. I know it was him. I just know it. Why are you lying to me? I can handle myself, i won’t let anything happen to me but you keeping him away from me is not helping. I know he was really there, i know it was him. I know i am not hallucinating. Why Mycroft? Why are you doing this? I have to see him. I have to.
Sherlock looked to his brother, who hung his head.
"Will you two shut the fuck up, he's still alive. Doctor I hope you can't swim. If you don't die now were just going to keep coming after you."
“Do you think John will be ok?”
“I am counting on my brother to keep his eyes on us.”
Sherlock popped open the button on John’s jeans and gently stroked against his length, sending electrical fire through Johns veins.
Wow, I bet you all thought I abandoned this! I actually did but inspiration hit!
I bend over and hold him, cradle him to my chest.
“Molly please, if were going to be stuck together for a while we might as well use our proper names.” Molly squeaked out turning red. Turning my full attention on Molly she turned bright red as I gave her an appreciative review, but she stood her ground and stared right back at me. Oh yes she will do just nicely, stunning, smart and a solid back bone. God the things I could do to her to make her blush even further.
"I agree too. She may not like it but I won’t have her killed because of us."
"NO! I won’t go to jail! FUCK YOU!" His voice cracked on the you, his hands shaking, the gun pointing between Sherlock and me.
It was never supposed to be like that, it was an easy mission. They were supposed to be peaceful they were supposed to want to be in the federation. They attacked instead. Kirk and Uhura were injured, the five security guards that were there to protect them gave their lives.
Mycroft took his time folding his newspaper letting Sherlock fume.
Why? I'm busy. -GL
Mycroft smiled, "I am happy for the two of you. Please know that I am glad you have each other."
"Thank you Mycroft."
"HE IS MINE." John roared, landing a punch to Andersons face with each word. He dropped Anderson to the ground unconscious.
Sherlock and John looked out to their home, John smiled wide. “Welcome home Sherlock.”
“Well what would you have me do? Let him die just for being my one and only friend?” Sherlock asked acidly. “You know I can’t let him know yet. You know just as well as I do that there are still two agents still out there that would kill him on sight if it became common knowledge that I was still alive.”
"Shut up doctor." Came the sharp command from my legs.
Sherlock leaned down, his lips pressing gently to John's, a soft gental kiss.
"But where's his protection? Isn't someone supposed to be with him at all times?" Asked the man on the right.
"Apparently I am not dead. Obvious."
"Thank you Mycroft."
We lulled back into silence; I looked out of the window as Anthea went back to her phone.
John's eyes shot open, he arched back being pushed back by Sherlocks hand on his back. "John listen to me, I need you to be quiet or they will take me away quicker."
“That’s good to hear since where here.”
"What do you think his next move will be?" John asked.
Mycrofts unexpected entrance and comment so mirrored the time at the palace that it set off the laughter again. Sherlock and John clutched at each other for support as they rocked with laughter. Mycroft glared at them.
John looked Sherlock full in the face, searching, processing that the man he had pined after was standing in his room asking him to keep quiet or he would be gone again. He shook his head yes that he understood the situation. Sherlock smiled at his friend, a genuine smile of true happiness that he saw reflected back in Johns face.
"I suppose they don't give you time off for death threats in the government."
Sherlock dragged John's face back up, pressing a searing kiss to his lips. John sighed in contentment, allowing Sherlock access when his lounge pressed against his lip. Sherlock licked all around the inside of John’s mouth tasting his unique flavor.
"Don't worry about us Mycroft. We will be fine. I won’t let them get to him and besides brother dear were as you say going to be under your constant protection."
Sherlock eyed Lestrade, deducing everything about his shock to the way he was familiar with the house.
The last letter in the stack was the hardest. How did I ever think that he would be able to go on? Oh John I am so sorry. I never meant for this to happen, for you to lose yourself. I will make things better before I rejoin you though. I will find the worm and that woman. I will make you safe. But first I need to get these back to where they were before he notices that they are gone.
Sherlock (John/Sherlock)
Chapter 5: Home
“And you can guarantee with your life that nothing bad will happen? That nothing will happen to him?”
Sherlock moved to pressing small kisses along John's jaw allowing him time to remove his shirt.
"Why Sherlock, why did you have to leave?"
John licked at Sherlock’s plush lips, seeking permission to enter. Sherlock sighed and allowed him to take command as John pushed in licking his tongue against Sherlock’s drawing a low moan from him. Sherlock rutted his hips to Johns feeling his erection against his own. Both men gasped aloud at the sensation.
John squeezed him tighter, "I knew you would never leave me. I knew you were there."
John's body was placed on a stretcher, a gushing hole in his stomach where he was shot, his skin icy blue. His chest was heartbreakingly still, not breathing. The EMT's immediately started performing CPR on him, running to the waiting ambulance.
"No. John's sniper a Colonel Sebastian Moran was Moriartys right hand man and he escaped me, outside of Paris last week. I chased him back here to London where we got in a bit of an altercation this morning. Obviously he got two lucky swings in."
John smiled at Sherlock, "its ok."
"Apparently there will be a line."
I nodded my ascent and followed her to the other side of the ICU where my beloved was stitched up and receiving a transfusion. He was unconscious but his vitals looked good.
My phone dinged, I ignored it.
“We’ll let you know if there's any significant changes.” Molly promised. God that woman was amazing, and caring.
“Oh Dear John. I really messed things up. But I will make him safe, I will make him happy.”
When they broke apart Sherlock took the chance and pulled Johns jumper over his head exposing his chest, and seeing for the first time the scar that brought John into his life. He leaned down and pressed a gentle kiss on the center of the star burst.
Sherlock heaved a deep sigh. “You know it was necessary.”
Think think think what was he thinking. The only thing that he had been saying lately was my name, over and over again. Begging me not to jump! The hospital!
“Sherlock! Keep going.” John replied. That was where he made his fatal mistake. The leader of the little gang that they were chasing realized that in order to get out alive and free that he would have to create a distraction and that wonderful distraction was John. Without really aiming the tall man pulled his gun and started to wildly shoot behind him. Sherlock slowed his pace to allow his blogger to catch up to him and to give the leader the appearance of being in control.
Mycroft studied his brother fingers tented. “You are really in love him aren’t you?”
"Lestrade. What the hell is going on? Where is John?"
"We have something to tell you, but you may have figured it out last night." Sherlock started.
"It's Emmerson; we should at least humor him. He's a decent guy."
"JOHN NO!"
They both sat at the edge of the bed laughing hysterically. Sherlock didn't even care anymore that the people outside would hear, that Mycroft was on his way to separate them. When they finally managed to stop laughing John looked at Sherlock with wonder, it really was him, really was his best friend.
Sherlock chuckled into John's hair; softly placing kisses along his head. "Are you jealous?"
John out of surgery. He pulled through remarkably. They are bringing him to the house. Please tell Sherlock what happened. I think he will react to you the best. But watch for projectiles. -MH
Sherlock and John's first time.
The party was in full swing when the boys decided that it was time to make their big announcement. Everyone was present and was having a fabulous time, Anthea and Molly were inseparable and Mycroft was clutching Greg as close to his side as possible, as soon as he walked through the door, he just looked at his brother and smiled. Sherlock blushed hard and moved on to help Mrs. Hudson and Mrs. Tuner with some snacks.
Chapter 3: Answers
“Back in position trooper. Don’t make me ask twice.”
They both dissolved into laughter, "And I am going to do it every chance that he gives me." Breathed out Sherlock, locking his lips to John's jaw leaving hot open mouthed kisses.
Make me. -SH
Mycroft ran his fingers along his forearm, “He saw Lestrade out the window and freaked. He ran out the back door and just ran. He caught a tube back to London and went straight to your grave. I kept an eye on him from my cameras. I personally went to the cemetery to collect him. Unfortunately he thought I was there to take him in too and he just went primeval and jumped me. He scratched at anything and managed to claw my arm. One of my bodyguards got a sleeper hold on him.”
"Not worth me arguing is it?" I inquired with a sigh.
"Of course brother mine."
Sherlock jumped up wiping his mouth on the back of his hand and crawled onto the edge of the bed sticking his arse in the air, presenting himself to his Alpha.
"He was just given a local antestic and some mild pain killers. Two more stitches to go." Answered the doctor.
They smiled at me then at each other before fading away. My heart was heavy, full of sadness, but also relieved that they were together and happy. Now it was time to spend the rest of my life with the man I love.
The strike hit me square in the back, knocking me forward over broken ground. I knew instantly from the blinding pain from my multitude of broken bones and weakness in my extremities that there would be no walking away from this. I would not be facing tomorrow only the vastness of the next life. As I lay dying in the dirt, the only thing that gave me hope was the sight of Kylo Ren fighting his way to freedom, never giving up hope. I prayed to the Gods that he would win, that he would be able to go on, and that he would destroy Hux when he saw him again. The last thing I would ever hear in this life was that same gentle voice in my head telling me to sleep that I had done well.
"John."
"I know what you mean."
I struggled to comprehend what he said through the pain and blood loss but it did me no good, my mind was fogging over.
"Excuse me Sir? If you would like to see the Detective Inspector, he's over here."
"You're on birth control right Sherlock?"
"Mica I don't think he can speak anymore."
"Because you're an idiot." John looked at Sherlock, caught him grinning and they both dissolved into easy laughter again.
“Yes, I have to set up base and besides it’s our home.” Sadness crept into Sherlock’s voice, etching in with longing for the past.
Sure enough he had just arrived. Hopefully security would be able to hold him off the five minutes it would take for me to arrive.
It just wasn’t fair. Kirk had done everything right, he had fact checked, he had planned. He had even put himself in front of the phaser fire to protect his crew. Which is how he had almost died, and how the five guards had died to protect him and Uhura who was severely injured too.
It took less than forty minutes for me to get cleaned and cleared to go. I made my way up to surgery and was lead into a private waiting room where Anthea was going at her phone.
"John, please." Sherlock breathed out, already panting.
"I won’t. You will know everything from now on."
Sherlock was vibrating his skin flushed red, the head of his prick, covered in pre-cum begging to be touched.
“Yes, his psychiatrist determined that he was able to handle it in small doses. So we weaned him off of our constant support. He’s so damaged Sherlock. I honestly don’t think he is going to be able to handle it much longer. At this point I’m not even sure that your return would solve things.”
“I never should have left.”
“Such a loving brother.”
"Hello Sherlock, how are you doing dear?" Little Mrs. Tuner asked.
“Now listen here James Tiberius Kirk, we won't hear anymore about you being useless or a hazard. You are the most amazing Captain in the world, hell the universe. The whole world owes you their lives multiple times over. You are amazing and it's time you are showed how amazing you are.”
He started to make an improvement when Lestrade pulled him in on cases, let him re-enter the element. His public life seemed to improve but once he got behind closed doors it was all the same. All the pain and frustration, the violent dreams and outbursts the anger the drinking the crying.
"So what do we do now?"
"I'll be shocked if Mycroft doesn't know already. Either way were living with Mrs. Hudson lets tell her first thing in the morning." Sherlock said as he wrapped himself around John tighter.
John pushed Sherlock to the edge of the bed, stopping short of pushing him onto it to finally divest himself of his trousers, shoes and socks. Sherlock stood before his alpha naked and hard a thin sheen of sweat making his skin glisten. Fertile omega pheromones filled the room, making John harder, wanting his omega then and now.
“Yes you’re right they really are that dumb.”
"Sherlock... your here...you came to bring me to Heaven?"
“Fucking hell, Anderson get the fuck off me! He’s getting away.” Sherlock writhed under Anderson’s heavy form, feeling his fully erect cock pressing into his arse. The murderer took the opportune moment to climb up the nearest fire escape and onto the roof where he made his escape. Anger, fear and hatred rolled off Sherlock as he cursed at Anderson.
Please come back to me Sherlock.
"Fuck you Mycroft."
"FREEZE!" Lestrade shouted, gun pointed at the preps. The tall man said something to John then turned his head and smiled before shoving John over.
Quite permeated the air for a few moment's before the applause started. Little Molly and Anthea started clapping and shouting out their congratulations.
"You're both welcome."
"Wait," I called out and walked over to my broken baby brother and just knew deep down that Sherlock wouldn't make it. I leaned down and kissed the top of his head and whispered, "Goodbye baby brother."
"Oh Lestrade, the moment you are awake you are retiring from the force."
"Delicious as well." John leaned down and gently ran his tongue along Sherlock’s opening lapping up the juices there. Sherlock let out a deep wet moan of pleasure as John delved his tongue into Sherlock’s gaping wet hole. He licked deep enjoying the lubrication that flowed out of his wanting panting omega.
"Please John, I need your knot, please knot me, breed me."
Sherlock jumped to his feet glaring at his brother, “I will fix him. I will fix everything.” Grabbing the knife out of the chair he strode out of the room.
"And just where the hell are we going to put it?"
Once Kylo was able to assure himself that we were truly alone he turned to me, looking down at the bleeding wound. The next thing I knew was a warm voice in my head telling me to sleep and heal. When I awoke later that day in medical, I knew it was Kylo Ren who brought me there, I also knew that it was Kylo Ren who pushed through my promotion and made me and officer.
(See the end of the chapter for
He rolled from underneath me effectively dumping me on the ground. I watched as he stood and used the force to summon both of the rebels to his location. He used his mind control powers to force out the information before spearing both of the rebels, their bodies hitting the ground with a dull thunk. The clearing was dead quiet with the exception of my labored breath as everyone was assessing the situation and scouting out threats.
"Calm down Sherlock. I need to explain something’s to you and silence on your part would be incredibly helpful."
“So what happened? What made him freak out again?”
"Nah he has a crush on me."
"Shut up Yuri, Vlad help me get him up."
"Any last words Doctor?" asked the ring leader.
"Oh yeah that's him. Moran was right; he is too easy to get to." The man on the left spat.
John leaned down and trailed hot open mouth kisses up his long lanky legs, alternating between each leg, slowly making his way up. Sherlock was a quivering mess, desperate for release. John licked a hot stripe up the inside of Sherlock’s thigh, careful to not touch the straining erection before him. Sherlock nudged his hips up towards John silently begging. John smiled, and leaned down and took Sherlock in his hand giving a gentle stroke from base to tip, before slowly taking the head in his hot wet mouth.
“Mrs. Hudson and Ms. Hooper if you will follow me.” I started as they walked out of the elevator before I was interrupted.
He nodded at him deciding to let the doctor finish his work before he broke the worse news possible to Sherlock. The doctor finished and started to clean Sherlock’s chest when Lestrades phone dinged with a new text.
"Mrs. Hudson has claimed first hit rights, and we both know John will get one in."
“FN-2111 why are you hovering? Do you perhaps want a taste of my lightsaber?” Kylo spat out at me. I cringed internally at the pure hatred that was all too clear though the modulation.
Tears started to flow swiftly down his face, getting caught in the stubble of a day old beard.
Pain seared through Sherlock’s heart. He had truly messed up this time.
“Yes.”
I held up my hand, silencing him.
"Sherlock if John wouldn't kill me I would lock you away right now so your stupidity wouldn't cause anymore danger. As it is however my hands are tied."
They lulled into a semi comfortable silence and stared at the clock waiting, waiting for John's arrival, the arrival of Mycroft, waiting for their next move.
“They are almost here, please head to the hospital if you wish to help, I'm going to send for the boys to come downstairs.”
John hollowed his cheeks and brought his hand up to roll Sherlock’s testicals as he sucked. He felt it when Sherlock tensed, heard the warning come from Sherlock but latched on tighter until he felt thick salty ejaculate splash down his throat. He kept sucking for a moment cleaning Sherlock until he became over sensitive and John pulled off looking up at Sherlock’s lust blown eyes, his face and chest flushed.
It turns out that your brother is far cleaver than I gave him credit for, and far cleaver than Lestrade. He managed to find out exactly where I was before I had the chance to die. He saved my life again. He finally freed me from the hospital again. I am being forced to go to therapy each and every day. It’s irritating. I hate this. I just want you back. I want to hear you shooting the walls, playing your violin at three in the morning.
"I agree John. That would be absolute last case scenario."
Dear Sherlock,
"God Sherlock, not gonna last."
Fuck you. -SH
You have to trust me. John will be fine. We can handle him here. -MH
"Thank you Doctor, please."
"Sherlock, you are the most amazing person that I have ever or will ever know. You're a pain in the arse and immature but deeply loyal and brilliant. You are the one person in the world that it would kill me to lose."
Sherlock quickly pulled out his tools and had successfully picked the lock and entered the house before the first car pulled up near the place. He gave a wicked smile as he locked the door in his wake, knowing that Mycrofts goons wouldn't want to break in and alert John to Sherlocks presence. He was safe for the time being, so he pulled the curtains in the little kitchen shut as he flipped off the goons. A wide smile plastered on his face.
"Donavan get me an ambulance now and keep everyone back suspect not in custody." I shot the order into my radio.
Only one problem, my pills were gone, in their place was a folded up slip of paper.
“This is Denton. We're pulling up to the estate now. Eta 10 minutes.”
"It's alright Sherlock. I'll punch you later when you are better."
"I love you John, more than my own life."
Sherlock nodded already feeling the need rising in him again pushed himself back into his presentation, "Please John, I need your huge cock in me."
“Got it. Lock wake up, we need to get downstairs now.” Lestrade gently touched Sherlock's face, rousing him. He looked momentarily confused and slightly panicked before he realized where he was.
The two men stared at one another for a full heated moment before Lestrade nodded his head in ascent.
Sherlock nodded, drinking his tea.
“How often do you have to do this?” Sherlock glanced sideways at his brother, irritation obvious on his gaunt face.
"Anthea, do you think John will be ok?"
Letter after letter each describing Johns days filled out the rest of the pack. He seemed to get better over the next few months based on the letters, but something must have happened last summer. The letters started to get shorter and more pained. Sherlock clutched them to his chest as he sat in John’s chair in their old flat. Most of their old stuff had been removed but Mycroft had seen to it that some things made their way back to Sherlock that evening. Clutching his Union Jack pillow to his chest Sherlock continued clutching the pillow tighter as the letters got more and more worrisome.
"Naturally. We need to have a word anyway we may need him." Sherlock replied draining his tea cup.
"Joh...” Lestrade cleared his throat suddenly tight, "John is on his way here Sherlock. There was an incident earlier. You need to pay attention to me and stay calm."
"Well dumbass there’s a bloody river right there."
"Mr. Holmes," His voice was weak, sad. "I am truly sorry sir."
Sherlock crumpled the letter tight in his hand. How, how could John think that this was a good idea? How could he think that Sherlock would want him to kill himself? “Oh John. I am so sorry.”
"It's alright Sherlock, I will be glad to not be thrown up on, on a regular basis."
“I took him to my estate in the country and let him stay. It took a full medical team over two months to evaluate him and get him back to normal.”
“He wont lay a finger on me.”
“Thank you Emmerson, I think we will be fine tonight.”
Chapter 4: Reunion
The cold water shocked his system, momentarily freezing his brain, his lungs.
"Good ole Mrs. Hudson."
"Wait, what about Anderson?"
“Thank you Mycroft.”
"One day Mycroft were going to have to spar so that we know."
Dear Sherlock,
Taylor Johnson was running hard and fast down the back alleyways, two men were chasing him down, they knew. Knew of all the people that he had killed and they were going to try to take him down. Fuck that, I can't be taken down!
"Anthea, why didn't you tell me it was this bad?" Sherlock rasped out.
"Ah Detective Inspector, good to see you're in good health."
Sherlock froze. Never in a million years did he expect to hear this from his John.
"Hurry John."
I let out a stream of unintelligible grumbles; of course he would be paranoid.
"What the ever loving fuck?"
Sherlock and John go home.
Mycroft let out a deep sigh. “Yes I know, you also know that my offer still stands. Around the clock protection for both of you. I promise that nothing will happen to either of you.”
Even Mary didn't see it coming, the woman who had done the most for John. Kept him alive, and on occasion happy.
“Everything alright Sherlock?” called out John, a look of concern on his face.
"John look!" Sherlock was beaming as he held out his test tubes. John just smiled and crawled off the couch to sit on the floor and examine the gun cleaning kit that was sitting in front of his stocking.
“John?”
"That was partially your fault. You let Moran know you were still alive. And we had already stopped him earlier in the day. He had a bottle of pills from Tesco he was going to take. We removed them from him; he got angry in an ally and ran."
I was entrusted to keep him alive. I will keep him alive even if I have to stop you. -MH
Sherlock sucked in a breath, a quiet sob escaped him, "How?"
Please Sherlock come rescue me.
"Sir! It's a level Ten emergency!"
No John.  -MH
“Christ Sherlock are you ok?” He asked as he reached down to help the omega up from the kneeling position he took up to watch the exchange.
Sherlock smiled at me, "It's ok, and don't worry Lestrade will be fine, but it's time you made all of your intents clear. Ask him. He will say yes."
The air hung silent and thick with tension.
"Fine, but absolutely no bugging of our actual apartment and I will be looking. If I find anything at all we will leave. Do we have a deal?"
"Move please." Sherlock begged. John didn't need to be asked twice as he pulled out to the tip before diving back in setting up a brutal punishing rhythm. "Harder!" Screamed Sherlock. John slammed into him, the room filled with the squishy sound of wet flesh smacking together, pants and moans filled the air.
“You know I used to be so in love with Sherlock, he was so smart, so beautiful, so aloof. I thought he was meant for me and me alone. But then John showed up and I can honestly say I've never seen anyone so perfect for each other. They really do belong together.”
"No, they don't have you. I do."
“Shut up Mycroft. What are you doing here?”
"John, thank you for protecting me."
John smiled as he leaned down and placed his fingers at his opening, gently pushing in meeting little resistance.
“So what happened to make Lestrade want to place him into a mental ward?”
“Arriving, he was followed, they think they shook their tail but we need to get downstairs now.”
Dear Sherlock,
Dear Sherlock,
Mycroft let out a Chuckle. “Named for the one you’re protecting and the one you’re protecting him from huh?”
Sherlock smiled as he took Johns hand and led him up the flight of stairs to their flat. Once in he locked the door, and promptly pushed John against it fingers tugging into his short hair, eyes searching.
"I feel like I should punch you, like I should be so angry with you but I just don't feel it."
In person Kylo Ren was far more intimidating. He immediately confronted all of the new stormtroopers and informed us that he would not accept anything less than perfection and loyalty. To demonstrate his resolve he lit up his unique lightsaber and sliced a computer clean in half.
"My wonderful Omega. All mine." John panted.
Mycroft clutched Lestrades hand all the way up to the awaiting ambulance where the three men were loaded on to stretchers before being placed in the back of a black van.
Spock spoke while pulling Kirk to his chest.
So turns out quarantine is good for writing. The mood hit hard and I have the rest of the fic outlined and partially written. I hope i'll be able to finish this soon. Please be gentle as its been a while since I wrote and i'm getting into the swing of things again.
"When we found him near the Thames, three men had him on the railing; he had been shot in the stomach. When we got there they pushed him over into the water. Mycroft's men dealt with the men, and I went after John. When I pulled him out, he was still alive, but severely injured. I just got a text from Mycroft that he's out of surgery and that he's going to pull through and be just fine. They are bringing him here now. Though I don't know where were going to put a man who needs to be in the ICU."
"Sorry about that."
“Those poor boys have been through so much, things have to start getting better for them, and they better stop picking fights.”
“But you let him be alone again?”
"Oh Mycroft, were always in mortal danger, but you can't take him away from me this time. I won't allow it. He stays with me or I will take you down this time." John looked straight at Mycrofts eyes, a burning heat that frankly scared the older man. John clutched Sherlock tighter to his side, glaring. Sherlock just grinned like the cat caught in the saucer at his brother.
It’s been three days since your death. Three days that feels like an eternity. I don’t think I will be able to continue on. I am so mad at you. Why, why would you leave me like this? Didn’t I mean anything to you? They found his body of course and I can only presume that he was the cause of all of this pain. I hate him, hate him for taking the easy way out, hate him for what you did. I hate you both. Please just do one thing for me; please just stop this, just stop being dead. Please for me.
“I come to visit my little brothers grave every once in a while. Mostly though I come to get John and take him home.”
So I can't really write smut it seems. Though I will keep trying to get it right!
Anderson stopped momentarily at the juncture, questioning which path he should follow, before the overwhelming scent of unbounded, fertile omega in heat pheromones floated past him. He ran to the left, his alpha instincts to bite, mate and breed kicking into overdrive. It didn’t matter to him that it was the freak, or that he was already bonded to Donovan, he could surly tame the freak and another omega would be worth it.
"I hope so. For everyone involved I hope so."
"Merry Christmas boys!" Mrs. Hudsons voice sang out as she climbed the stairs with their breakfast and tea. John and Sherlock jumped up to help her, and hug her.
“A month and a half. He was released to my care under the condition of going to therapy every day and that he have a body guard with him. I gave the orders that every time it looked like he was thinking of you that he was to be distracted. Emerson was quite successful.”
‘I’m going to have to thank him when this is all over’, thought Sherlock. ‘He’s done a fine job of keeping John alive at least.’
Kirk just nodded and leaned back further into his lovers chest, he didn't even flinch when McCoy appeared in front of him tricorder at the ready.
Lestrades devastated scream was the last thing I heard before I slammed into the icy water and my world went black and faded out.
They sat there in peace and quite for a while longer, neither noticing as they drifted off to sleep, nor even when Mrs. Hudson sneaked up at two in the morning to make it look like Santa had visited by laying out two stockings full of toys for the boys. She smiled down at her sleeping boys and just put another blanket on them before sneaking downstairs muttering how it was about time they got their act together.
"Too right you do." He replied as he placed the head of his engorged cock to Sherlock’s entrance, and using great restraint pushed in slowly to the silken tight wet heat, allowing Sherlock time to adjust rembering in the back of his mind that Sherlock was a virgin. John moaned, "So tight for my huge cock. Such an amazing Omega."
"I see you two finally made it official. Lestrade you can come in here I won’t bite."
“Honestly John it’s not like I wanted to be an omega! Having the foolish population constantly trying to get in my pants, it’s downright annoying!”
“Thank you. Go to garage 3, I'll lower you down.” I hung up and stood.
Sherlock sighed out bored already. John shot him a dirty look, imploring him to behave.
2. The Unrequited love poem: How do you feel when you love someone who does not love you back?
“You can’t be serious. He would die!”
The ledge was cold and hard, snow started to fall silently and swiftly. It was snowing the day he died too. I wonder if I will see him again. I wonder.
"That’s fine. I need a word with him anyway." Replied John, Sherlock jerked his head towards his lover, questions flitted through his gaze.
John bristled at the omegas command, all his instincts telling him to go after his omega, to protect him in this sensitive time and not to let him out of his sight, but he knew that there would be hell to pay if he let this murderer get away and Sherlock can take care of himself, so off he ran to the right, Lestrade following close on his heels as Sherlock and his enticing scent went to the left.
"Excellent job. Now let’s get out of here."
"Fine. Stay together but know this you two will never be allowed without the other nor will you be without protection and I am whole heartedly against this." Mycroft sighed, a look of pure disgust thrown at his brother. "John i want to pre-apologize for whatever happens to you due to my idiot brother. Especially if it gets you killed."
Mycroft, opened his phone and punched in some keys snapping off a quick text. "You may both go back, but 221A and 221C will both be staffed by my men. If you leave the premises you are to alert them and take at least one of them with you. If you don't then I will assume that you are being coerced and you will be placed in a bunker in my private estate where you will be locked in. Do I make myself perfectly clear?"
“I knew you would find out soon enough and I felt it would benefit you more to read it.”
"We have ways of getting around that. Anyone can be traced if we want them to be."
"Damn, of all the times he could have locked the door."
"Johhhnn." Shouted Sherlock, as John hit his sensitive prostate, sending pleasure in waves through Sherlock. He leaned down to continue licking at his opening as he rubbed gentle circles over Sherlock’s prostate reducing Sherlock to a whimpering mess below him.
“Keep that in mind while you are doing your job.” His modulated voice spat out.
The hospital was dead quiet when I arrived. But then again at two in the morning not many people were up and around. Getting on the roof was too easy. No one bothered to stop me, check any identification. No one wondered why an army doctor was in the hospital this late. It just goes to show that the only one who ever really cared was gone.
He leaned down and placed a hand gently over Johns mouth and shook his shoulder with the other hand, gently whispering, "John, its ok it's me. You were right."
"So large." muttered Sherlock as he pulled John's trousers and pants down, letting John toe out of his shoes and socks and step out of his clothes. As soon as he was naked Sherlock kneeled down in front of John taking the head of his cock in his mouth giving it a long wet lick, sucking in the tip.
"Don't worry I won’t punch him."
A soft knock at the door, pulled them apart. "Gentlemen we need to talk to you now."
"For right now John were going to wait for him to make another mistake which he will un-doubtly make."
Star Wars (Kylo Ren/You) I can’t poem so here’s some Reader/Kylo Ren feels. Also sorry for all the feels right off the bat.
"Yes John. I've missed you so much. I'm so sorry for hurting you." Tears streamed down both mens faces. John started to shake and it was too much for Sherlock, he pulled John to his chest and held him tight, John held onto Sherlock tighter and just cried.
Sherlock pulled the letter John had written and threw it to his brother, a look of triumph on his face. Mycroft read through the letter, the colour drained from his face. “I didn’t know.”
Mica leaned down close to my mouth which was full of my own blood. "Sherlock.....I...will...see...him...again."
Gregory, I need you to go to Baker Street at three today. -MH
"What are you going on about Lestrade?"
"Anyone we know not gay?"
“The hell there isn’t! Why? Why didn’t you tell me sooner how bad it was?!”
"When you died, John spiraled into deep depression. He wouldn't speak, wouldn't eat, and wouldn’t sleep for the first week. We eventually had to hospitalize him for a while, after he was released he went to therapy for a while but he said it just made it worse. He left Baker Street and went to live with his sister for a while. He eventually returned but he was a walking zombie. Two months after he tried to kill himself."
“Sherlock, listen to me we need to get you home before the rest of London’s alpha population tries to jump you. You smell too good for your own good.”
"You were never broken, just temporarily compromised."
Where would a still grieving John go? Baker Street was empty. So was his work. He had to be somewhere he couldn't have just vanished into the ground.
She looked back down at her phone for a moment, smiled and looked back to me, "From what they have said so far, they were contracted through a consulting criminal last year, they were placed on standby until the order was given to follow up and kill John Watson."
Seventy two people dead all because of him.
Chapter 7: The game is on.
Sherlock I mean it. -MH
We sat in silence as we pulled out of London, Anthea kept at her phone. I always wondered what she found so fascinating with the contraption.
“Of course you are.” John spat out as he dodged a new hail of bullets while silently thanking his lucky stars that Mycroft had essentially placed him and Sherlock on permanent watch.
'Oh my god, I slept with Sherlock bloody Holmes.' began running through Johns mind over and over.
Sherlock walked around the little house closing blinds on every window he could find, noticing that each one had an agent positioned outside of it, guns pointing at him, silently ordering him out. He just smiled wide at each one. When he made it to the bedroom the one and only window had four agents pointing guns at him. Each ordering him to come out silently. Sherlock reached above the window to draw the blackout curtains over their angry faces.
John brought Sherlock’s face down again to kiss him deeply, arousal pooling deep in his belly. Sherlock pulled the two of them together holding tightly, pressing their straining erections together. A deep moan was pulled from both men.
Sherlock just stared into the fire, his thoughts running wild.
"I want to also apologize about Moran getting as close to Baker street as he did without us capturing him. He has managed to ease himself off the radar. He has already sent two people to follow Miss Hooper and D.I. Lestrade. As you know Miss Hooper is on her way to my estate to stay with Anthea, and D.I. Lestrade is being tailed by my men on the force. He will be collected later and brought back to my estate where I would prefer you both to be. However, I am willing to respect your wishes to stay here."
Dear Sherlock,
"Yours. I love you John."
“Thank you Anthea, where will my boys be?”
“Well Sherlock, I know how much this must hurt you. But I think its best that you disappear again.”
“John, are you ok with this arrangement?”
Piss off; he is no longer your concern. -SH
Sherlock continued to watch as John wrote and wrote. His brow creased in frustration. He swore in anger and crumpled the letter up, throwing it into the waistbin and getting himself a drink of scotch. He downed it in one gulp, putting his glass down on the tiny kitchen table, and huffed off into the house.
“I’m shocked Mycroft, you haven’t done your homework. She is in America, visiting friends. She will be gone for a month but I was able to work my connections to get a new lease on the place before she left. She thinks a Mr. Hamish Brooke is living there.”
"Oh yes she's surprising her tonight with Christmas roses."
It had to be cold and rainy John thought as he was laying in the cold wet disease infested street, why couldn’t it be sunny and warm, oh well at least my Sherlock is holding me. Maybe i’ll live and we can move to the beach John thought before he passed out from the pain and shock.
Sherlock laughed. "You're still persisting in the belief that I'm allergic to strawberries?"
John seems riveted, though. He has managed to settle Rosie against his chest, her blond curls tucked up under his chin. He is listening intently, jotting notes.
"Hm?"
Lestrade sighed. "What evidence?"
"Why would a man breaking into a flat be carrying a large kitchen knife?"
"I'll call for takeaway, yeah?" Lestrade said. He patted his pocket, frowned. "And—er—I'll just flush this."
John shifted, groaning a little bit, frowning as his hand pressed up against something sharp. Glass. Broken glass all around, a jagged mosaic surrounding him on the floor, and the ugly red rug seeping out beneath him like a bloodstain.
"You're dead," he said. "I needed you, and you died. So there's no—there's no bloody point to this."
"I wasn't."
It was one thing to know it. It was another to hear it said out loud.
"I want to know what that was, just now." John absently hands Rosie the notebook again. She waves it in the air, the pages fluttering, then begins prodding him in the cheek.
He cannot recall the last time he felt so alone.
"Landlady's on extended holiday. The building should be empty."
He cleared his throat. "Cake."
John thought. At least he wasn't the only one getting annoyed.
He had no idea how close he'd come.
"Perhaps," she agreed, her voice mild. She opened up the bag. Took out a croissant.  Bit into it. John would have cut it, Sherlock would have worried at it with his fingers until it was torn down to greasy, flaky bits.
He weighed his options, the seconds ticking by. Sherlock did not acknowledge his presence, though he surely had noticed him by now.
show up the other dancers. Fed Pete some utter rubbish about how his lessons just clicked all of a sudden. Like magic."
"What are you—"
"Waste of time," Sherlock says. "Knew you'd turn up eventually."
"Are you—all right?"
"All right," John said, frowning. He took Sherlock's arm, guided him out of the way. He leaned against a building, the stone cool through his coat sleeve. "What's going on? What is all of this?"
"About?"
"I’m sorry," Molly said. Her voice was grave, as if someone had died. She looked as if she wanted to cry.
John was not. Not yet, anyway, and Sherlock aimed to keep it that way. He'd not fail again. What was the bloody
"John," Lestrade said, and his voice was urgent. "We lost him. He went haring off after a suspect and—"
She frowned at him for a moment.
happy? If he knows this isn't working, if he's planning to leave?
He'd called Molly at Barts, had turned on the charm and talked her into dropping off a sample. He'd started an experiment, grown bored, put the sample away in the fridge and forgot all about it.
There was a time when he'd known what he wanted. He thought he'd known. But he'd fucked it all up. He'd thrown it away. Again and again and again.
breath puffing gently against Sherlock's ear.
"Right," John said. Whatever fight he'd had left had gone out of him. He pinched the bridge of his nose, turned away. "Forget it. Have a nice life, Sherlock."
"I will admit a certain—surprise—that a child of her age could possess such keen observational skills. Your doing, I presume?"
They stared at each other for what felt like ages. The air inside the car warmed.
"I'll be sure to note that in the blog," John said.
Sherlock hesitated, then went into the room. Crouched down next to Rosie, uncomfortably aware of John's eyes on him.
Janine.
John pressed his lips together, stared at his phone. It had now been six days since he'd last seen or heard from Sherlock. Not that he'd been counting.
"John?" Sherlock asked, still warm and cold and trembling, and suddenly quite certain that he'd done something wrong, somehow he'd poisoned the moment.
He'd drawn his gun on her. He'd almost shot her. He'd been so convinced. He'd thought—he'd let himself think—
"The door. It's locked."
"Yes," Sherlock agreed.
"He's just finishing up with a patient," she said. "Let me go see if he's done. Then we'll give you a tour, buy you some breakfast and have you on your way."
He hoped Sherlock would survive to play again.
This time she answered.
"He—” John said. “He—”
Had that been what he said?
"Clever girl," John murmured.
"Distraction," John said. "Injury. The fact that you might not always be as bloody clever as you'd like to believe you are."
He clicked on the drafts folder. There was one draft message.
"Hello," he said.
John did not much care for fruitcake. He reached for it anyway, cut himself a small slice, stood with his back against the counter and ate it with his fingers, the texture slightly sticky, slightly chewy. He barely tasted it.
"Favourite case. What's yours? I'm guessing not the boring burglary," he smiled, lifted his drink in a vague salute in Sherlock's direction. Took a sip.
John looks away.
They'd got an early start on the day. John had left Rosie in Mrs Hudson's care back at Baker Street, the pair of them sporting matching delighted grins as they'd bid him farewell. Mrs Hudson was terribly fond of her goddaughter, and Rosie was clearly equally enamoured. He couldn't remember the last time he'd been the one to coax a smile that big out of his daughter.
An alternate take on the Mummy-has-a-Facebook-page discovery from the
"I've got work today," he said.
Again, Lestrade's answer came quickly.
"That Rosamund may not share your blood, but she is very much your daughter."
That day in the flat. That last, terrible day. They'd sat across from one another like polite strangers and sipped their tea. Sherlock had been so very subdued. There were bruises on his face, and stitches above his eye. He'd tangled with a serial killer, but John had been the one to mark him. John had been the one to hurt him.
"It can't continue," Sherlock says quietly. He looks down at the ground. There are so many things that he wants. Things he should not want. Things he cannot have. It is best to put an end to this now, before it gets worse. Before he finds himself unable to let go.
Sherlock glared at him for a moment, ruffled and irritated, like a petulant cat. Then he stood up with more grace than should have been possible and stalked off down the hall, his dressing gown flapping.
And then, when that was over and done with—
"Mm," Sherlock shrugged. "Irrelevant."
John ignores them as he has ignored everything else. He pays for his shopping, he goes to work, he makes the requisite small talk with his patients. But beneath it all there is a drumbeat in his chest, a crushing, thundering roar that threatens to rip him apart.
"Pete," John said. He blinked.
Rosie dropped the bottle again. This time it rolled off the edge of the tray and clattered to the floor. She strained to reach it, tugging against the straps that held her in place. She began to cry.
"Nooo, no," John said, and he took another sip of his drink. "You're not turning it back on me. I asked first."
John turned his head to look at him. Sherlock had changed out of his pyjamas into a slim-fitting black suit. The shirt he wore was a light dove grey. His hair was tamed and his eyes were bright.
"Why would it?"
Weird name, John thought. But it fit. Sherlock was a weird man, after all.
They'd only been able to offer locum work, but it was a busy practice and he frequently found shifts to cover. One of the other physicians had a small child, and had recommended a reliable sitter. Rosie seemed to find her agreeable. He'd ignored the small pang of guilt that came from wondering if Rosie was
"You said it yourself."
"No, you're still an idiot," Sherlock said.
"It's not
"Certainly not," Mycroft said, and there was a hint of surprising humour in his tone. "Your very existence seemed superfluous. I had already been assured that I was remarkable. Why, then, would they want another?"
John shivered, his skin pebbling beneath his thin t-shirt. He took a steadying breath, shut the window. Stood in his quiet dark bedroom, rubbing his hands over his chilled arms.
"Brother. Although
Sherlock frowned, looked down at the cigarette burning between his fingers. "Why?"
"It's all right," he said again. "It seems, lately, that everyone I meet wants to tell me that what happened after—after Mary—" he stopped. It was not Mary he thought of, but Sherlock, Sherlock with his bruised face and his beseeching eyes. "That what happened was understandable. Excusable. But it wasn't, was it?"
"Easier to hide compounds in foods with strong flavours."
Sherlock hobbled to the sofa, sat down. Set his crutches aside. His leg throbbed in time with his pounding heart.
"I would turn to speak to you, and find only empty space."
"What, that he had a bit too much to drink, trashed his own flat and wandered off?"
He pushed up from the couch, stomach roiling. The smile was gone from Sherlock's face. John always seemed to be wiping the smile from his face.
"Sherlock," John says. He sits up fully, struggling a little bit against the duvet. "Don't do this—"
He opened his eyes, cotton-mouthed and gasping on the floor. His limbs were leaden, slow to respond.
Sherlock's aunt had hung a copy of their wedding photo—the pair of them bleary-eyed and rumpled and grinning like the drunken fools that they were—over the mantel in her house.
"We can't stay here," Sherlock said. His breath steamed in front of him.
"Knew you'd want to bring corpses into it eventually," John says.
She went out the door without looking back.
The shirtsleeve on his left arm has been cut away, a thick bandage wrapped around his bicep. There is a scrape on his right temple (struck the pavement when he fell). His shirt is damp, his hair rumpled and unkempt. He has lost his coat.
He felt sick. Sick and hollow and wrung out.
Sherlock shut him up by kissing him. His heart kicked helplessly against his ribs. His face had grown hot. There had been signs, he thought, signs all along, and he'd missed them. Somehow he'd missed them.
"Fine," John said through his teeth. "Next entry will have more exclamation points. Any other requests?"
There was no sense in it. He already knew how to stumble his way through a waltz without making a fool of himself. He had no reason whatsoever to return, week after week, to Pete's little studio just to watch Sherlock tread all over Janine's toes and pretend to be rubbish at dancing.
she'd asked, the smile falling away from her face. She'd taken another cautious step along the back of the bench, her arms spread wide.
Average temperature of the Thames was—was—he had data on this, he did, he'd done extensive research—twelve? Twelve degrees? Colder in winter. That meant—
"Was it?"
"You're not in the habit of blurting out the names of murder victims at weddings," Sherlock said. "So whatever it is that you've remembered, it must be important."
He picks up a box of the biscuits Sherlock favours. Hesitates, then adds a second box to the basket.
Whatever for?
"Welcome, family and friends," Wiggins said, his voice flat, clearly reading from the sheet of paper in his hand. "We are gathered here today to celebrate the union of Sherlock and Janine. You have joined us to share in their formal commitment so that Sherlock and Janine may begin their married life together surrounded by the people nearest and dearest to them. Now for the vows, do you Sherlock—"
"On its way. Thanks to you."
"SHERLOCK!" Rosie shrieks, and she whirls away from the window. "Daddy, he's here!"
"Indirectly, yes."
Sherlock looked up from the microscope, blinked. John looked back at him, his face expectant.
"But if Silver Blaze were scratched from the race, the odds would change," John says. "That doesn't explain why he's still missing."
"Never quite worked out why you—" John paused, shook his head. "Well. Did what you did. That whole bit with the beverage cart."
Across the hall, he heard Sarah's door creak open. He wished, suddenly, that he'd closed his own.
"Absolutely not."
John couldn't be saying what it sounded like he was saying. He couldn't be—
"Once Sherlock heartlessly ditches me."
He was gentle. Cautious. Sherlock trembled under his hands.
"Good," John said. He took a swallow of wine, nodded. "Good, yeah. She's good."
John looked at him. His eyes were damp, red-rimmed.
"Yes, you tit," John snapped. He looked away. "I'm not—I
John doesn't mean it when he tells Sherlock to leave.
He did not pester Sherlock to speak, comforted by the sound of his continued indrawn breaths. As long as he was breathing, there was time. There was hope. He could be helped.
"Good morning John," Sarah says. She barely spares him a glance as he comes in. There is no lingering discomfort, no unwelcome concern.
-Brian Fallon, "Watson"
"Well, John Watson," she said. "I believe you came here to deliver a message. Am I correct?"
Those other emotions had been there, of course they had, but above all John had been afraid. John had been afraid, and Sherlock had let him run.
"Not like what?" she asked, brows still raised.
John loosened his hands, then tightened them again, crushing the fine fabric of Sherlock's jacket. "No, you don't get to just say that. You don't get to just
"I don't care about people," Sherlock says.
"You haven't eaten?" he asked.
"I was going to leave you," he said. "I couldn't do it anymore. I couldn't—every time I was with you, I wanted to be somewhere else. With someone else."
"No need to resort to violence," John said. He went into the kitchen, rummaged around for the menus. "Chinese all right?"
"Sorry," the attendant said, as Molly carefully ended her call and slipped her own phone back into her lab coat. "That shouldn't—"
He shifted slightly so he could look past Sherlock into the sitting room, at the morning sunlight filtering in through the windows and slanting across the scuffed floorboards. Thought of Rosie there, comfortable and happy in the best home he'd ever known.
John opened his mouth, shut it. Hesitated. "I care, Sherlock."
It reminded him, sharply, of Irene Adler, her red fingernails, and he pressed his lips together, forced himself not to look away.
"Ah," he said, suddenly wishing he could be anywhere else. He threw a desperate glance down the hall towards the bathroom with its stubbornly closed door.
"Don't much care if it's fake," John said, dropping his voice, putting both hands on Sherlock's shoulders, turning him back towards the crowd. "It's likely to be the only wedding you have—"
Sherlock swallows again. Bounces a bit on the balls of his feet. He is aware, suddenly, that he has stopped walking and he starts again, abrupt. "Fine. He's arranged an empty laboratory for additional coursework
"And how are you doing now?" she asked, lowering her voice a bit, looking from him to Rosie.
, had never really occurred to him.
to him about it.
"What's his name?"
Sherlock had said. And John had believed him. He'd believed him entirely, without hesitation. The idea of Sherlock, brilliant, confident Sherlock, using at all had been incomprehensible.
"That's what we're trying to avoid," John said. He let his hand fall away from Sherlock's neck. "In spite of your best efforts to the contrary."
"Inexcusable."
John went after him.
"Fuck," he said, and put his hands over his eyes, pressed. He wondered if he was losing his mind. Hell, maybe he already had.
"You ought to go apologise to her for that," he said.
"He would have been," Sherlock said. "Almost certainly."
"What's this, then?" John asked, later, as they sat on the sofa beneath the drying handprints, empty takeout containers spread across the coffee table. He held out his phone.
"Not actually my intention, but I'll capitialise on the opportunity," Rosie said. She offered a tentative smile. Reached out her hand.
"Your phone is almost certainly being tapped by now, John."
"Did John leave, um, three minutes and forty-two seconds ago?" she asked quietly.
the John-in-his-head would say, tipping his drink towards him in a kind of salute.
"You know those crumbs don't just disappear when they land on the floor, yeah?" John says. "You'll have to hoover them up. Well.
"It's in all the papers."
"No," he said.
"Should I?"
"Oh," John said. His pulse roared in his ears. He thought he might be smiling. "Well. That's—good."
He'd let Sherlock live with that for a full year. He'd uprooted his own life, he'd dragged his daughter away from the only people she'd ever known, and yet he'd never quite thought about what that might have done to Sherlock. Even after Molly had told him, he still hadn't thought—
He wondered how long she'd been back in Sherlock's life. If she'd rearranged the cabinets again. The scheme they were planning was not the sort of thing that wrapped up over the course of a single weekend. She'd be around a lot. Until it was done.
John huffed out a breath, amused in spite of himself. "You know I didn't actually write anything in that email."
"Waste of time. What could he possibly tell us that would be of any use?"
"This about the spiders again?"
There was a smell in the air: takeaway. Chinese. A few hours cold, now. Empty cartons strewn about on the floor.
And here is also where I remind everyone that the tags do promise a happy ending.
"You had it professionally bound, for Christ's sake!"
"Right," John said. He pursed his lips, looked towards the bar. "Well. Let's catch up, shall we?"
Sherlock shuts his eyes. His heart thunders against his ribs.
The voice—mild, just slightly impatient—startled him. He turned back.
"Should I—um—" Sherlock hesitated, looked around the room. His brain had not come back online and he felt sluggish, helpless.
at this) Christmas had not warranted cheesy photos and saccharine smiles and cheap plastic baubles commending BABY'S FIRST CHRISTMAS.
The man was almost certainly homeless. There was a tension in his posture, a proud set to his shoulders that spoke to a military history. A quick glance at the tanned skin of his hands, fading to pallor at the wrists, confirmed it.
John rolled his eyes. "All right, fine. So what?"
Molly had taken pity and intervened, eventually. After some maneuvering, Lestrade found himself arranged up against the wall with a mug of strong black coffee cradled in his hands.
Mycroft raised his brows. Looked over Sherlock's shoulder at the sound of footsteps on the landing.
"Temporarily," she'd admitted. "I've got a friend moving into a new place in about two weeks. We're planning on sharing."
He gestured helplessly towards Rosie, who had fallen asleep against Sherlock's neck, her face slack and peaceful.
Harry looked at him. Shook her head.
"I don't have a favourite case, John," Sherlock said. He stood up, and the motion might have been smooth, dismissive, if not for the way he stumbled a bit. He caught himself, drink sloshing over the rim of his glass, and went back towards the kitchen.
Moriarty dropped to the ground without fanfare, a neat hole in his forehead, a look of surprise on his face. His head lolled to the side.
He breathed out through his nose, let his hand drop to his side. The gun was heavy and warm against his sweat-slicked skin. His palms had gone damp. His face burned hot. He averted his gaze.
(See the end of the chapter for
When Olivia did not respond, he added:
"Yeah," John says. He is still smiling. His voice is mild, almost teasing. "And you keep human remains in the fridge and throw out all of the, you know, actual food."
And then John had left. He'd not come back.
"You think it means something?"
He smiled. It was a hard smile. "Funny, yeah. You're funny."
John curled in on himself. There was pain in Sherlock's voice, disguised as it was under a tone of flippant indifference. They'd been hurting each other for years. And for what?
"Low tar," Sherlock said, sniffing the air. He made a face.
John jumped, feeling inexplicably guilty. He glanced up. Sherlock had reached the other side of the room, was waiting for him at the doorway.
John sucked in a surprised breath, his mouth opening under the unexpected assault. Sherlock's eyes were squeezed shut, his forehead creased as though in pain. His mouth tasted of salt and vinegar. His lips were soft, clumsy yet insistent. His fingertips pressed hard against John's skull, holding him in place.
John shrugs. "Picture's worth a thousand words, yeah? No further explanation necessary."
They walk.
"Says the man who lives in this scuzz dump—"
He'd stared at his brother, amazed that after all this time, even with good intentions, he'd got it
"He—” John said again. He seemed to have frozen up, his hand still hovering just over the edge of the sheet, his fingers closed over open air.
"Ready," Sherlock sighs. He should have anticipated this.
He reads them. Reads them again. Bursts out laughing, puts his head in his hands.
Thought of Sherlock, sitting alone in the flat on New Year's Eve. Thought of how long his heart must have dangled there, so freely offered up, without acknowledgement. Not just last night. For years.
Looking at it, now, he thought that perhaps the entire affair had been a bit more dramatic than his parents or Mycroft had ever let on.
"She rides. Or rode, I don't know if she does anymore. I don't think I could if—well. Doesn't matter. But there are pictures of her on horseback."
"Oh." Sherlock stepped back, his absence sudden and unwelcome. He put his hands on John's shoulders, shifted him aside.
"No," Sherlock said. "He's been
"I wanted to get out of his car and just—smash the windows. Cave in the bonnet. Kick the doors off of their hinges. I wanted to rip that bloody thing apart with my own two hands."
There had been a frightful row, a smashed mug and thundering stamping footsteps up to her room at the top of the stairs.
He was not going to beg for his life. He'd had more chances than most, and he'd squandered them. Again and again and again.
Sherlock blinked.
"Come here," John said again, voice softer this time. He put his hand on Sherlock's waist. Through the thin fabric of his shirt, his skin was as warm as John remembered.
Sherlock.
John wanted to say. He bit the words back, gripped the phone a little tighter.
them.
"Stop," he said out loud, pressed his fists against his forehead.
He felt worn, old. Exhausted. There was nothing exciting about the stiffness in his neck, the dried blood on Sherlock's hands.
"I didn't think that," he said, too quickly.
Sherlock did not turn around.
"Don't you dare," he says, and his voice is terse, low, hissed through clenched teeth. "Don't you dare
John had held his gaze for a long moment. Sherlock's expression was defiant, his chin slightly jutted.
"Just so I have this right," John said. "You want me to—you want me to ask a severely injured man to leave the place where he's been safely hiding for the last several days. Even though help is on the way."
He shut his eyes, laid his forehead against the cool glass.
Somewhere in the distance, through the fog, someone shouted. There was a sound of breaking glass.
John wanted to kiss him, to taste that smile, to capture his surprised inhale. So he did.
"Seem slow to her," Mycroft finished. His voice had gone quiet.
"You have a point," John conceded.
He resists the urge to scan the nearby buildings. Moriarty favoured snipers, it is only natural to assume that he is being watched.
"Sherlock," Lestrade said. His voice was tinny, distant. There was a burst of noise in the background. Pub, by the sound of it.
Just past midnight.
John blinked down at his phone, not quite believing what he was seeing. "No service. You've got to be—we're in the middle of London.
John reached out with his index finger, touched the pale face through the screen. Handsome bloke, if a bit dour. It was difficult to reconcile the man in the photographs with Lazarus, bedraggled and dirty and cloaked in shadows.
And that was something he very much did not need to be thinking about at the moment.
"If you had—if I—" John presses the back of his hand against his mouth for a moment, steadies himself. "I might have done things differently. I might not have married—I might not have married Mary." Even now, he finds it difficult to say her name. It is a wound that will not quite heal.
"No," she echoed, and looked around for something else to grab.
John shut his eyes, blew out a breath of air through his teeth. "Jesus," he said, and he almost laughed. Almost. His face had gone hot. He opened his eyes, looked back at Sherlock.
"Yes," John agrees. "I know."
tell him. Oh my god. You did." Her face wrinkled up in mock outrage. "Really? The night before my wedding?!"
Lucy smiled at him. It was a sad smile, but not a surprised one. "Yeah, I figured. Have a happy Christmas, Dr Watson."
Evan Bell was dead. He was certain of that too.
Oh, the things Sherlock could have deduced about that lot, he'd thought.
Sherlock seized on the name, the first thing that made any sense in the alarming and inexplicable list. The name was a common one, and his preliminary search results yielded little of interest. Addresses. Business profiles. Social media accounts. Evan Bell was everyone and no one. But who was he to John?
Sherlock looks at him. His fingers tap rhythmically against the arms of his chair. "Perfectly sound assumption. You're right, of course. Worst possible outcome. Dreadful. Wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy."
Sherlock swallowed, said nothing. John watched the pulse jump in his neck.
It could have happened. It might have. He had no evidence to the contrary.
He'd only just got John into his hand when John made a sound like he was dying, crumpled forward into his arms. He was gasping for breath, shaking, and he kept on turning his head, burrowing his damp face into Sherlock's neck and it was over but Sherlock wanted to keep him there forever.
Sherlock caught up just as they reached the tape. He drew himself up to his full height, adjusted his coat collar.
"People don't take kindly to being blackmailed," Sherlock said. The sun was slipping below the horizon, the shadows gathering close and dark. "Sometimes they fight back."
Mycroft had sighed and retreated after some time, but Sherlock had not let up.
A girlfriend might help. Something serious, something stable, something that comes with a sunny flat with a spare bedroom for Rosie. Someone to give John all of the things that Sherlock cannot. (Or, at the very least, all of the things that he does not want from Sherlock.)
"Yeah," John said, tired and defeated and feeling anything but brave. "Me too."
John looked. There was a dark patch on the ceiling, sagging and dripping. The floorboards creaked and groaned in protest beneath Bell's feet. There was a crumbling stone fireplace in the corner, cold and dark and cobwebbed.
"What are you doing here?"
John clenched his fist at his side, pressed it hard against his thigh. Stared at Sherlock's back. His dark hair had dried in unruly tangles. It was quiet outside the car. He could not remember the last time he'd heard the wind.
Sherlock laughs, his face creasing with amusement, looks down. He looks young and oddly bashful, and John loves him.
"On my phone?" John stepped back, tugged his phone out of his pocket. Held it up. "Dead. I didn't have my charger. That's why I didn't—" he stopped again, looked at Sherlock. "Wait. You left me a message. You. Mr
"Jesus," he said, barely speaking aloud at all, the word little more than a puff of breath past his lips.
Sherlock looks past him, his focus caught elsewhere. He hops down, graceful as a cat.
"John." She gripped the bathroom door tightly with her left hand. He could not see her right. "What are you—is that a
He frowned, looked down at himself. "Something wrong with the suit?"
The scene did not play out the way he'd expected.
She cut him off. "I wouldn't trust anyone, Dr Watson. Where there's one leak, there's always another. And if MI6 remains compromised, he'll be found and killed before rescue ever reaches him. You know that's true," she said.
"You egotistical wanker," he muttered, and typed
He considered posting about it, but found he had absolutely no idea what to say.
The London sky was grey and grim. Rain threatened. He kept his head down as he walked.
He bypassed the house, went straight for the woods that stretched behind it. Behind him, John swore and hurried to keep up.
"If you say so," she said.
"If it works, we'll read about it in the papers," he says. "Come on. It's a long drive home."
Had he left behind a family? Friends? A lover?
"Jimmy's father wanted us to get married. He was—extremely vocal about it."
John's mouth went dry. "No. Christ, is that what they do?"
"You?" John made a mock-scoffing sound, pushed the bedroom door open with his foot. Did not bother with the light—the room was startlingly neat, in spite of the creeping clutter that had taken over the rest of their shared space.
"Oh, I think it's terribly relevant," Mycroft said. "Considering how your last attempt to save John Watson turned out."
"What about her?" Sherlock asked, still up on his elbow, his eyes still pale and gleaming in the moonlight.
He stretched out his hand, rapped his knuckles against the door.
John raised his brows. Whether it was due to his statement or due to Sherlock using the correct name, he could not say. "What makes you say that?"
John had turned away, heartsick, the feeling mingling with rage and disgust and horror. He'd gone home. He'd cleaned out the sink. He'd poured himself another drink.
John blew out a breath of air, halfway between a groan and a laugh. "Frankly, yes."
Surely you've heard of us."
"—little dollhouse that opens up like a suitcase," Harry said. She paused. "John?"
John looked at the phone in his hand, the ludicrously expensive little phone that had changed his life. The screen had gone dark.
It was a strangely romantic statement to be delivered in such a flat tone of voice.
Sherlock, watching the door. Looking almost surprised at John's arrival.
"He's—" John said, and stared helplessly at Greg.
"I goaded you into it," Sherlock said. "Every step of the way. I thought you knew that."
Some of the fight went out of him. He felt, at once, very tired. Very old.
"I do not."
He set the key to the Baker Street flat on his kitchen counter, tried not to look at it.
He breathed out, hard, brought his hand up to cover his mouth. Shut his eyes.
Sherlock sighed, shook his head. For a moment he looked heartbreakingly bewildered. "Something." He pursed his lips, looked away. "I don't know. Not important. Is it important?"
"You've put us in a difficult position," Mycroft said finally. His voice had hardened slightly.
Except—
"Fairly typical of big brothers, so I understand." Sherlock looks away, tries not to think of sharks behind glass, of Mary dying on the ground. Flat, lifeless eyes.
"Everyone always wants to tell me what to do," Harry says. She is drunk. It is three-fifteen in the morning and she is still wearing her coat, trailing the chill of the winter night behind her. She seems to have lost one of her shoes.
She'd mentioned a new relationship recently, hadn't she? He'd deduced it only a few months ago. Pity it didn't seem to be working out, though at least now perhaps she'd relax her unnecessarily draconian rules on his presence in the morgue.
"When I said you already knew everything of importance," Sherlock said. He looked steadily at John. "I meant the things I could remember."
No, he decides. Sherlock had not known.
Sherlock had helpfully informed him after he'd begun to grow weary of the pervasive sadness.
"DADDY," Rosie whinges, clearly reaching the end of her patience.
It was Sherlock's favourite place in the flat.
He tucked his gun into the back of his trousers. Just in case.
"You said something about the wall."
There was no lingering discomfort between them. Perhaps that would come later, in the light of day. But for the moment, the game was on and John was by his side.
"Not bad," the man said, nodding at him.
"Thinking," Sherlock said, his lip curling up. "Wouldn’t expect you to understand."
"Well—it—seemed a bit ridiculous at the time. But. Not so ridiculous now, I suppose." He shifted in his seat, looked out at the worn door to 221B, achingly familiar and welcoming.
Sherlock's head broke the surface and he
So he'd gone. Spent a week out at Harry's place with Rosie. He'd surprised himself by having a nice time.
John scrubbed his hands over his face, sat back in his chair. He turned the word
John turned and pressed his lips against Sherlock's temple, breathed him in.
"Nope."
"To your adoring public, you mean," John says. He pinches his brow.
John finally herded him out of the dining room to take their places by the door. He kept a bland smile plastered to his face as he greeted person after person.
"Hm?"
No. He wouldn't allow himself to think the worst. Not yet.
They walked together back onto the main road. John tilted his head down against the rain. He watched out of the corner of his eye as Sherlock flipped up the collar on his tattered jacket, hid his face.
Sherlock had said.
Less than half an hour later, he was on a train to London.
He holds the phone in his hand for a long time before typing out a response.
John took a deep breath, released it. Tried not to feel too pleased about that. "Right. So, Christine Thomas accepted my—well—Alice's friend request."
John sighed again, stiffening up, drawing back into himself. "Have you warmed up?"
They leave the kitchen together. Sherlock watches them go.
The train slowed further, brakes squealing.
"I am in love with you," Sherlock said. His voice was shockingly steady, devoid of inflection. Emotionless. "What more could you possibly need to understand?"
No. Not quite. He shut his eyes, focused.
"He's going to ruin you, Sherlock," Mycroft had said. "It's inevitable, at this point. But he's not going to kill you. We'll take care of that ourselves."
Propped up against one hastily taped box was a painting.
"Haven't heard anything about it," John said. A chill was working its way down his spine.
Mrs Hudson's hand curled around his arm, her palm cool. He turned, startled, to find her looking quite seriously at him, her eyes bright.
It had been a long time since John had been in a car while Sherlock drove. He was a cautious driver, focused. It was the polar opposite of what anyone might have expected from him.
"Were you here?" he asked, his voice low, almost reverent. "When it happened?"
There were texts, all outgoing, nothing incoming. Dinner requests, mostly. Flirty comments.
"Nope," Sherlock said. He popped the 'p' with some degree of vigor.
He reached out a curious hand, brushed it along the wood. Nudged it open. The hinges creaked, rusty with disuse.
"Oh, John, surely you haven't forgotten already," Sherlock narrowed his eyes. He waited a moment, then let out an impatient huff. "The groom. Died from anaphylactic shock at his own wedding, halfway through the ceremony."
"What is it this time? Another war?"
She bit her lip. Nodded. "All right," she said again.
"Not true."
"Don't really know," he says, and he is impressed with how casual he sounds. Almost as if his heart is not battering against his ribs like a frantic animal. "Laptop, I guess. But he never got the chance to explain it."
"Moriarty wants you ruined. He wants you dead."
Sherlock stood at the window and watched the sun set on her second night away.
He thought about the empty waiting room, the tense look on Sarah's face when he'd arrived. The way she'd rushed through their conversation. He felt a sick wave of guilt.
"How was it?" John asked. There was a forced politeness to his tone. John had forgiven a great many people a great many things, but he had never quite warmed to Billy Wiggins.
The rain patters on the roof. John wants to put his arms around Sherlock, and he loathes himself for it.
He was tired, hollowed out from the dream. He'd been doing better with that, he'd thought. He'd been sleeping through the night.
He disappeared back through the door.
Sherlock was sitting at the kitchen table when John emerged. He looked up, uncertainty flickering on his face.
Once, John had lied to himself, had let himself believe that he knew everything there was to know about Sherlock Holmes. He thinks now that he was wrong, that he has always been wrong, that the true nature of Sherlock's thoughts and—feelings—have always been obscured.
In any case, the sofa was not his problem. He could admit that to himself now, alone in his darkened sitting room with the quiet murmur of the telly as his only company.
"Your
"I can't believe you got him to come out to the pub," John mused, in spite of himself.
Mary had gone conspicuously silent.
Sherlock's face. Those haunted, pleading eyes. John had told himself that walking away was better, that he could never live up to whatever it was those eyes were asking of him.
"There are lives that can be saved," Mycroft had said, looking uncomfortable. "Entire wars can be averted."
He turned towards Sherlock, finally, dared to meet his gaze. Sherlock looked struck, eyes wide and damp and fixed on John.
"I'm not
The flat feels cold. He stands, goes into the kitchen to make himself a cup of tea.
He stood up in a rush. His face felt unpleasantly warm, his hands cold. He needed to move and so he paced, turning in a circle, thinking, thinking.
somehow been there that night. If he had—could he duplicate the experience? Could he do it again?
"And?"
But John had made a new home for himself in his absence.
he did not say.
John did not leave doors ajar. John closed them, and locked them. He had a toddler. He was not careless.
"Why have tenants at all, then?" he asks, finally. "I mean—" he huffs out a laugh, shakes his head. "Mrs Hudson. That's a—that's an
He grinned, let his hands play across his shirt, toying with the buttons but not actually undoing them. There was a spot of dried blood stiffening the fabric next to one button, and he tried not to wince as his hand slid over it. "And I'm your birthday present."
Granted, he'd been quite high at the time.
"Where's your gun?" Sherlock asked. There was a flutter of motion at the upstairs window, a figure brushing against the curtains. Mycroft, watching them. Waiting.
"You think you want to kiss me." John's voice was dubious now.
"Terrorist attacks. Knighthood. Right."
He thought about Janine emerging from that bedroom in her little red dress, ready for her hen party. He wondered why he hadn't, in the entire time she'd been living at Baker Street, thought to question the sleeping arrangements.
By then his tea had grown cold. And so he'd carried his mug into the kitchen and set it on the counter. He'd refilled the kettle and turned it on, stood tapping his fingers impatiently against the countertop while it boiled.
Unless he intended it to be permanent.
"Fuck the camera," John had said, and kissed him.
She bent, kissed him on the cheek. He sat quite still, endured it without complaint.
The storm had come on quickly, with a good deal more force than expected. The train had already been traveling at half speed due to unsafe conditions on the tracks. They'd been forced to stop in Swindon and wait for nearly two hours before resuming. There had been another interminable delay in Reading.
"Sloppy, Sherlock," Mycroft said when he picked up the phone. "You've lost focus."
The connection crackled.
"I'll text you the details," Sherlock said.
"Well," Mrs Hudson said, before Sherlock could speak. "I best be off. Lots to do before the wedding. You boys enjoy your tea."
