"If I get arrested, I'll be vulnerable to an attack. I see now; he made it so I would frame myself like that just so that I would be arrested, because he knows I'd be most vulnerable in a cell."
Sherlock shakily managed to sit up. He turned his back to John, revealing his pale skin; it just so happened that he was in fact stark naked under the hospital gown. "They took my clothes and hid them somewhere," He grumbled.
"I know." Sherlock glanced at Magnussen in the other seat. "I was in the room during that conversation..."
Tears filled the good doctor's eyes as he gave Sherlock a betrayed look before collapsing to the ground.
Sherlock belt out a cry before he threw the psychologist aside and clutched his own head. "I can't... I won't...! John, help me...!! You're a coward, Sherlock. It's not too-- SHUT UP!! JOHN!!"
Sherlock pulled back, surprised by the blood that was now on his face until he became aware of his hold on the knife.
Sherlock seemed horrified by the very idea. "The first time, I may have let him do it, yes, to keep you safe from him. But I did not enjoy it. The second time... You saw those pictures, didn't you? The ones Moriarty took? Do you really think I was enjoying myself...?!" He started to cough, pushing himself to yell yet unable to yet.
The Consulting Detective walked far ahead of him, stumbling every few steps, and glancing at his phone. He was likely using a digital map to figure out where he was going if he had deleted his mental map of London from his head.
As did Lestrade. Assuming that Sherlock was done reasoning with Moriarty, it was confusing to see him keep returning to the interrogation room.
Sherlock rolled his eyes at himself. "Oh, to hell with it." He muttered before he kissed John again, harder and more passionately this time.
It was swelling a bit, but it didn't hurt. The ice was helping to prevent it from swelling too much.
"You'd find out if you weren't so stubborn, little brother. Think! What else makes sense? You of all people should know that there are a multitude of ways to fake a gunshot wound to the head."
Moriarty walked closer to Sherlock and held out his hand. "Come on. Leave the side of the angels behind. Clearly you're not fit for it."
Sherlock slammed his hands down onto the table. "You're sick, Moriarty. Don't think you've beaten me."
"JOHN!" Sherlock cried out, before snapping to himself in a different tone, "John can't help you now. He thinks you're crazy! She thinks you're crazier still!"
"I almost expected more theatrics from him by this point. I guess blowing up Magnussen's home was quite showy, but still."
"Hold on. Sherlock is acting rather rude. He's got me at knife point." The fact that he was still texting John at this point was... somehow not surprising, considering Magnussen.
"Yes," exclaimed Mary to the proposal. Then she noticed the stunned look on his face and placed her hand on his forearm in slight concern. "John? Are you all right?" The violin continued.
"I need to delete something-... I need to delete everything-...!" Sherlock gasped, referring to his ability to forget ("delete") anything he deems unimportant in a moment's notice.
"I suppose, but what does your suffering matter to me if I'm dead? I wouldn't be around to witness your despair. It doesn't make sense..."
Sherlock examined him with a puzzled look on his face; he knew something was up with his partner, but he was no longer entirely sure of what.
"Besides, you keep on saying that you're completely straight whenever anyone pokes fun at us. Because of that, it wouldn't work anyway even if I was interested in you in that way, but I consider myself to be married to my work, so..."
Sherlock said nothing for a long moment, simply staring at John. Soon, however, he turned his head and looked at Moriarty. "What's the meaning of this?"
"Well? What are you waiting for, doc? Watch me die like you watched those soldiers die before you got shot. Watch your landlady and Sherlock's brother die the same way. I know you want it."
Sherlock stepped out again, closing the door behind him. He walked over to John so that he didn't have to shout.
"But there's not just her," Moriarty pointed out. Sherlock shot him a look, but the criminal only wryly grinned at him.
"He keeps on saying your name, Doctor Watson. That's all he'll say. We think maybe he wants to see you...?"
Sherlock, sitting to John's left, clasped his hands together in front of his face. He remained silent, as if waiting for John to start a conversation again; despite how unusual he had been acting today, this wasn't one of those unusual actions.
Soon he watched as Sherlock came to the front of the cafe. Parked in front of it was a black limousine, and as he cautiously approached, one of the doors opened, and out stepped a man with a suit and glasses.
." He snapped his head around with a fierce look in his eyes and looked John right in the eyes. "The weapon is still on the crime scene. Go find it." Then, he turned back to the cipher, put on his leather gloves, and started smearing it so that no one else could read it, thereby destroying evidence on the scene, which he was absolutely not allowed to do, and had never intentionally done before.
"That's not my intention, Doctor Watson. I'm simply saying it as it is. It's unfortunate to hear of Mr. Holmes' passing."
"I found out what I needed to know. Let's go." Sherlock panted in response. He started walking, albeit with a limp and with his hand clutching a part of his lower abdomen.
It grumbled more, trying to remind Sherlock that he hadn't eaten for a few days now. Still, he only rolled his eyes at it.
"All the better; we'll have the hospital take care of her." was Sherlock's response before he pulled out his phone. He was about to call Lestrade, but instead, he tossed his phone to John. "Make the call. I need to check something."
"Remember what Sherlock always said; sometimes the impossible is possible. It's the only reason. I never heard a third person on the com link."
The limo pulled to a stop, and with that, Sherlock's smile disappeared. "Well, let's go visit the Queen." He said, insulting his brother.
"So if I go to the subway and bring attention to myself, our killer's accomplice will notice me. Then I can get the information I need out of him."
Moriarty motioned to two of his men, and one of them stepped forward, quickly getting John in a headlock and putting their gun against his head.
"A... suit." Sherlock muttered. "Glasses. Balding hair. Means... what?" It almost sounded like he was trying to deduce something aloud about Magnussen when Magnussen wasn't even present.
Mycroft raised a brow, looking at the pocket-watch. He soon shifted his vision to Sherlock with annoyance clear in his eyes.
Lestrade rushed in. He looked shocked and confused as he mumbled, "Sherlock... He... He escaped! I don't understand; I only left him for a minute and he was handcuffed to the bed, but...!"
But then he thought if he didn't eat or sleep he wouldn't be able to fend off anyone that would harm John.
The detective-inspector sighed solemnly. "I wish I could've stopped him... They took his body away no more than an hour ago..."
"I'm sorry, Sherlock, but you seemed to calm down when I held you. I'll let go now." he said as he let him go.
"I'm more of a target than I thought... I think the killer doesn't want to talk; he wants me either as a hostage or just flat out dead." He grinned a bit, however shakily. "Probably Mycroft's fault. They probably want info from him."
Sherlock shakily raised the knife above his head. He knew what he had to do to keep himself "safe", and yet he found himself hesitating.
"We will try to get him back. Lay low, now, John. Don't get anymore involved than you already are. Keep yourself safe, for Sherlock's sake." With this, Mycroft hung up on him.
The owner returned with a candle and placed it down on the table in the middle of the two, lit it, and hurried off to make John's food.
"Don't trust him, Sherlock! He killed one person already and sent another to the hospital just to mess with your head!"
"If no one's guarding us, they don't care where we go. They're confident that we won't escape them no matter where we go. So perhaps we should just leave here anyway. It's no fun, succumbing to fate."
Sherlock seemed to try to deduce something to help them, but it did him no good. Still, he kept trying. "There has to be a loophole somewhere. Something he can't possibly have checked..."
I'm not too pleased with this formatting anymore, but here's another chapter for anyone who does happen to enjoy our little roleplay.
"It's not that bad..." Sherlock mumbled to himself through grit teeth. "I can just... hide the pain..." Even as he said this, the blood leaked over his slender fingers, coating them in a new, fresh layer of crimson.
"John," Sherlock began in a plea, but then he stopped and slowly began to laugh, quietly at first, and then gradually more hysterically.
"Then I must have known her, even in passing... The killer was trying to gain my attention..." Sherlock suddenly seemed to reach a small epiphany. "And then he got you involved! My God, he
Soon enough, one of the blows caused Moriarty to stumble out into the stairway outside of their door.
Sherlock was still for a moment before he shook his head. "This could be over in a heartbeat, you know? If I just stepped out there..."
"I know. It feels like he's finally playing his trump card, but something about his execution is just... off."
Sherlock averted his eyes. It simply wasn't in his nature to admit when something so "trivial" in his sense was bothering him. "It was... unsavory."
After a ten minute drive, the duo arrived at the subway. Sherlock seemed pleased to see that it was bustling with people, just like any other hour of the day.
"John," Sherlock spoke soothingly as he held John by the shoulders. "Don't say that, it's not over for you. Your chapter with me is over, but your story hasn't ended just yet."
Sherlock didn't flinch this time. His quivering slowly began to cease, and he was starting to look a tad angry.
"I just wish you could have trusted me enough to let me in on your plan, Sherlock. I can't help but feel hurt by your actions."
"Hello?" He said in a hoarse voice. "Yes, I'd like to report an incident. Two men are dead and another is injured. Gunshot wound. The address?" He told them the address. "Please hurry." With that, he hung up and slowly turned his gaze onto Magnussen, who didn't even look away.
"That's classified for your own good. All I can say is that the way we found them..." He seemed to try to think of a way to phrase it gently. "... Magnussen is a strange man, but I never suspected he would be so forward with my little brother on such an intimate action..."
Sherlock did not answer, but he did look like he understood what she was getting at: it was cruel of him to show up alive after letting John grieve.
"Well, because honestly, the only other person to make you snappy like this was Sherlock, wasn't it?"
"The victim in question is..." Sherlock stopped and blinked for a moment. "Never mind. Let's not keep Lestrade waiting for too long when he gets there. Come along." The Consulting Detective turned around and started walking to leave the flat.
He pulled out his phone. "The wonders you can do with a brother who works for the Embassy." He remarked as he sent a text.
"John Watson." Sherlock repeated, as if the name had struck a bell. "John Watson... God, where have I heard that name before?"
"You and I however, haven't. Where are my manners! I'm Jim Moriarty. I've decided to save you from the lies your so-called friend spews at you."
Abruptly, Mrs. Hudson walked in. "What is all this commo-" At this point, she saw the wall. "Sherlock, what are you doing to my wall?!"
He shook his head as he yawned. He couldn't eat or sleep; he was afraid that if he took his eyes off of John for even a second, something bad would happen.
The Consulting Detective simply kept the knife in his grasp and pulled out his cellphone. This time he sent a text, as per norm for him. When he was finished, he slumped to the floor beside John, leaning his head against the doctor's chest.
He silently listened to the person on the other end of the phone, and soon slowly stood up, appearing a bit horrified by whatever he was hearing. "How do you know this? What do you want from me?"
"I'm not..." Sherlock began groaning, no longer paying attention to John but only to the voice. "I'm not going to hurt him... You can't make me..."
He seemed surprisingly... well, unsurprised. "So we would have ended up making out a few times and falling in love?" He said bluntly, not bothering to lower his volume this time.
For only a brief moment, Sherlock revealed the weapon, a jagged and bloody hunting knife. He had it in his coat pocket.
"I went to sleep, and I had a... a really messed up nightmare. When I woke up, I could still hear Moriarty, and I
Magnussen only smirked and turned his back to John. He stepped closer to his limousine without a word.
Sherlock looked away again. "No... No, I mean, of course it doesn't." He decided from this point on to keep his mouth shut about how his hallucinated form of Moriarty wanted him to kill John.
As Moriarty stood, Sherlock's pale eyes looked John over from head to toe, as if inspecting him and trying to deduce things about him. Suddenly, his eyes widened, and he lowered his gun.
John's hopes and heart sank like a stone as he shook his head. "No. He's the reason you can't remember."
"If it weren't for my desire to protect you, I'd be dead right now. I would've let Moriarty kill me when he first got his hands on me if it weren't for you."
"Tsk, tsk, tsk. You're in no position to make demands." A hand appeared from the darkness and stroked itself along Sherlock's cheekbones, to which the consulting detective surprisingly flinched, and continued, "What do you say, Sherly? You wouldn't mind so much if I, maybe..."
." There was a small pause on Mycroft's end before he continued. "If you value your personal information, do
"Please," The man gestured to the inside of the limo. "Grace me with your presence for a while. Let me take you on a drive, perhaps a night on the town."
"I know enough about you to get you fired. I will not hesitate to share what I know. It will destroy the pitiful thing you call a marriage with your unfaithful wife." Magnussen continued, petrifying Lestrade.
"He..." Sherlock groaned and shuddered in disgust, an emotion not common to him. "Never mind. I... I can't talk about it right now."
In shock, Lestrade had to take a couple of seconds to process what John asked. Eventually, he managed to nod.
"YOUR HAT IS FUNNY!", "HOW SHORT COULD A WOMAN BE?!", and insanely happy giggling were among the things that came from his mouth as he staggered around like someone on drugs would.
"Alright! Just try to care for her while an ambulance is on the way, and if you see Sherlock, then be careful!"
"Can you believe the nerve of this guy?" Sherlock asks, referring to the state of the flat. He looks at the floor, at marks and creases on the carpet, and then immediately marches toward the broken window.
"Well, you look like you've been through Hell and back." Moriarty quipped. Sherlock stared daggers at the criminal, but got no response.
Leaning heavily against the wall, Sherlock was able to stand on his own. "Honestly, though... I don't know if I can talk my way out of an arrest from Lestrade, even a temporary one..." He admit.
As he was leaving, he bumped into Detective Inspector Greg Lestrade. "Oh," He muttered, "Sorry. Is Sherlock in?"
Sherlock could still feel the phantom sensations of Magnussen touching him, and to these feelings he clawed at the imaginary hands.
"John!" Sherlock held John back from any further attacks as Moriarty reeled from surprise of the strike and began to laugh.
"It isn't. You're slouching right now because of an obvious back ache." Sherlock announced, showing that he may have purged most things from his mind, but he was still able to quickly deduce things. "Your joints are rigid and you're in discomfort; you can hardly even sleep. If you're so concerned about me, then we can share the b-" Sherlock caught himself with a look of discomfort on his face. "... Sorry, I got caught up in the moment."
"In the worst case scenario, it may even change him completely. He's done that once before. He used to be such a happy little idiot, and then he lost something he cared for and he became who he is now. What I'm trying to say, basically, is that you should prepare yourself for the worst."
"You have stuff to treat this on your person...?" Sherlock asked absent-mindedly with a small smirk.
What if he'd somehow made Sherlock feel even more determined to die than he already presumably had been?
Sherlock, on the other hand, seemed calm as could be. "Interesting. Alright, fine. Here goes. I need some dirt on Moriarty. Something concrete."
Sherlock tossed his cellphone down onto the couch beside John and began walking casually toward Magnussen. "Say..." He began. "Where do you keep the knives around here?"
"Are you only just realizing that? Anyway, the ever-elusive Mr. Holmes is with my partner right now. I can only imagine what they're getting up to. Perhaps I'll check up on them soon and send you pictures. Wouldn't want you to feel left out, would we?"
Sherlock continued the kiss, despite his lips trembling. He was clearly hesitant to do anything more, but seemed to be waiting for John to progress.
"I, unlike the good doctor here, am not afraid to admit that I admire you greatly, Sherlock. I would never lie to you. Not when we are so much alike..." The criminal said maliciously.
"Charles Augustus Magnussen is a madman with enough information to blackmail the entire country. If you think Sherlock and I know a lot, you haven't seen anything yet. My brother is much weaker than I. He's been used as a tool before in a case involving blackmail. We'd best pray that he isn't used again; I'll have no choice but to let the charges fall on him if it does."
"Do tell Sherlock to keep out of the business of the Embassy, John." Mycroft said as he turned to leave.
"Well then what do you mean? You want me to stop trying so hard to protect you? Because if so, just give me that knife back. I'll show you how lucky you are that I'm so hellbent on keeping you safe."
The man looked Sherlock up and down, seemingly checking him out. Sherlock dismissed this gaze as meaning nothing. "I know everything about you emotionally. However, physically... I'm
It was a regular night in London. The subways were running, the city lights were glowing, and Sherlock Holmes was bored out of his goddamned skull.
"Well. Be safe, then, Doctor Watson. Leave Moriarty to the Embassy. I'm sure Mr. Holmes' older brother will have something to say to him."
The Consulting Detective screwed his eyes shut until he heard, as if his ears weren't covered and the source was whispering right into his ear, Magnussen's voice.
"I may be lacking in tact when I say this, but this may impact whatever relationship you have with Sherlock greatly."
Suddenly, the detective froze up. "J-... John..." He was silent for a moment before he lowered his head. "I... I'll do it... Just... Just don't hurt John..." It appeared as though he was stuck in a flashback, reenacting his side as it progressed.
"Good." Sherlock put his fingers together in front of his face and seemed to fall deep into thought.
The Consulting Detective narrowed his eyes a bit, slowly putting his glass down while holding the gaze. He seemed to be catching on to what was making his friend blush.
"Hmm, actually." Moriarty removed the gun and walked over to Sherlock and Magnussen. He stood beside where Sherlock sat, and aimed his gun at John from there. "I want to make sure Sherlock sees the whole thing."
"Yes, for Sherlock's sake..." John hung the phone up and sighed in defeat before letting himself sob.
Mycroft cleared his throat. "The problem is blackmail. Magnussen has stated he will use his knowledge against the British Embacy if we try to take him into custody or take Sherlock away from him."
Without really realizing it, Sherlock stopped pacing around and simply stood by the edge of the bed, looking down at John and watching him sleep.
When he blinked, he suddenly found that the situation before him had changed. They were somewhere else, and the blood was gone. Now, John was still sitting over Sherlock, but with his hands around the man's throat he was now strangling him. Sherlock clawed weakly at his fingers.
"I swear, he just can't stop getting into trouble, can he? I'm taking my men to check on him. I'll report to you on what we find. Call an ambulance, will you?"
As Sherlock used to say, "Once you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, no matter how improbable, must be the truth."
"I guess that would've gone against his plan, but... I mean, he should've shot you. Unless he wanted you alive to see me commit suicide." Sherlock brought his finger to his lip. "Perhaps the goal was to make you suffer, not to kill you. But why focus on you? I'm the one he hates."
He buys a cheap kettle and lives off pre-packed dinners from Marks and Spencer and takeaway. He gets a few emails from Mike Stamford and one from Lydia asking him if he wants to visit them in Brighton. He replies politely to Mike´s inquiries and ignores Lydia´s offer. She´ll only look at him with reprimanding eyes and a terse: I told you so in her thin smiles.
“The door is new,” John blurts, “ten years ago, there’d be a gap of a few inches between the frame and the door.”
“Let me see if I can summarize the case as you believe it : Lee Finkle, in her capacity as a physiatrist, organizes a Support Group for people who have suffered some manner of abuse from Alphas. This Group consists of Lee Finkle, Glen Reese, Edward Blithely and the hereto unknown “nurse” and “marine.” This group conspire to extract revenge on Alphas they believe have wronged them: Andrew Nash, Joseph Braithsworth and Simon Whitewell. You believe they were chosen specifically for their crimes against people in this group, but you do not know who or why. Am I understanding you correctly so far?”
“It’s about the Case,” John says, “with capital C. I’m looking for the death inquiry of Isidora Nash, Andrew Nash’s wife. She committed suicide, ten years ago or so.”
“Sherlock, I need-” he glances up, Moriarty and Jacob are gone, but Sherlock is just…standing there, his brows slightly furrowed, his sightless gaze locked on Mrs. Hudson.
It feels like they are becalmed and waiting for the winds to push them forward. But the days turn into weeks and they remain unable to break this uncomfortable stalemate where neither one is willing to make the first move or suggest a change of course. In the end though, there is an East Wind that forces them into action.
“Cheers mate,” Lestrades replies and digs into his belated lunch. Sherlock grabs the tallest cup of coffee, but ignores the sandwiches.
“Press him on Fenway,” Sherlock encourages unnecessarily. “Make him explain why his name is in Fenway’s files.”
“What was he arrested for?” Sherlock returns his attention to the screen and watches as John sits down on the narrow bench in the cell. He rolls onto his back, lying like that for a moment before he curls up, his back to Adrian Reese’s cell and the camera.
“Ah, sleeping beauty awakes.” There’s a teasing undercurrent to Lestrade’s voice that does little to mask his concern. Sherlock blinks the room into clarity and takes stock of Lestrade’s tense posture, the whatever-o’clock shadow dusting his jaw and the rumpled lapels of his shirt where he has tugged at his tie. A press conference then, one that hadn’t gone well.
“You´re not very observant and you tend to pay far too much attention to superfluous things, like sentiments.  We´ve been flat mates for a while now, and you´ve been totally hopeless in assisting me with the Work. I figured this case would be a good opportunity for me to see how much you have learned. You got a rare talent for asking just the precise sort of stupid questions.”
John looks to Sherlock and tries desperately to communicate with his Alpha. But Sherlock is already walking across the room, dragging streams of cassette tape towards the door, oblivious to John’s anxiousness.
But how could genetics be the cause of this weird throbbing in his heart? Would Sherlock really reject him over something in John’s DNA? Would he simply explain away John’s feeling to John being just an Omega who is reacting to an Alpha? What if he simply decides to dismiss John because he is “a victim to a chemical weakness”? The thought makes his stomach roll with dread and he tries to ignore the first stabs of panic that are making themselves known.  His mouth is dry and he swallows and swallows, his heart pounding in his chest and he has to grab hold of the wall to keep himself suspended upright.  His chest is painfully tight, it’s becoming difficulty to breathe, and the feeling of hysteria is so acute it takes all his willpower to not scramble out of the hallway and flee the scene.
Within days  he was diagnosed with early stage dementia, which worsened throughout its progress.  Parallels can certainly be drawn with Alzheimer’s disease.”  (Unpublished notes of Fenway, G. MD. Date unknown. )
Sherlock huffs, scanning the crowd at the restaurant. He doesn’t want to go over and meet John’s wife. He’ll be able to see all the terrible habits and secrets she’s hiding. He won’t be able to not notice, he won’t be able not to tell John, and John will resent him for being rude and not his wife for having flaws and-
“Alright,” John huffs a laugh, “….so, that’s still…I mean, I imagine you didn’t sign Lestrade’s name when you were…abroad.”  John struggles past the last word and Sherlock keeps his gaze on the computer screen.
And then, somehow effortlessly, another familiar piece slides back into place. They settle down in the sofa with their cuppas, while John listens politely to Mrs. Hudson talking about her holiday, her sister and her nieces and nephews, how helpful Mary has been, but how dull life was without Sherlock and John. John looks away guiltily at that, but Sherlock intercedes with some story from a minor case he solved on the side, involving a fake kidnapping of a valuable poodle while following a lead in Copenhagen. Halfway through Sherlock’s story, John hears Sam’s plaintive murmurs from upstairs and excuses himself to coax his son through the first disorienting moments of waking up.
The pieces fall into place in the  blink of an eye, and for a brief moment he wonders if this is what it's like to be Sherlock, noticing all the little details and nuances, seeing the entire picture so vividly it almost hurts when everybody else sees only vague shapes and shadows.
It’s been such a gradual process, falling in love with Sherlock Holmes, that John doesn’t notice how deep he’s sunk until he realizes that he
Sherlock is bristling with impatience, and he stuffs his hands  in the pocket of his great-coat, to keep them from grabbing Amanda Carson by her shoulders and shaking the information out of her.
“No,” Mary shakes her head, “I’m just a friendly neighbor,” she jabs a thumb at the staircase, “I live on the third floor, apartment C?” She phrases it like a question and John finds himself nodding again. As far as he can remember, apartment C has always been empty though he doesn’t really understand why. Perhaps Sherlock and he didn’t make the easiest neighbors, what with the random gunshots, the nauseating odors from experiments and violin music at all times.
Crawford cocks a brow, and then gestures with the gun for Sherlock to move into the living room. The door closes behind him with a click, the sound of a chain rattling as the safety is pulled in place.
“Inside information? No. These two Alphas led vastly different lives, moved in different circles and had nothing in common and nothing that would suggest that their families had anything in common-”
John curls his hands into fists. He fights the urge to respond that, of course, things would have been better if Sherlock hadn’t decided to fake his suicide with John as his primary witness. Of course, things would have been better if John hadn’t had to spend three years believing he was dead, while living under pseudonyms just in case in Moriarty didn’t believe John’s earnest display of grief.
“But nothing was working, he just…kept on talking about you! But then I met this person online, a guy who called himself Jacob. He said he had the most ingenious way to get even with you and Doctor Fenway, and everybody else, and…all I had to do was exactly as he said, and the plan, it was so brilliant!”
John decides to move the topic away from any potential discussion of Sherlock and him. He can’t talk about it with a total stranger before he’s sorted it out with Sherlock.”Mrs. Hudson is returning soon, then, from her holiday?”
They land on the bed together, in a messy heap, with tangled jeans and trousers and shirts making movement difficult, but it is glorious and messy and passionate and rough as they tear clothes away and mouths keep finding each other.
“It hurts, Doctor Watson,” Glen Reese says, and suddenly his voice is oddly quiet. “When the Bond breaks, it really, really hurts, like… like somebody is squeezing my heart. And I can’t… I can’t breathe, I can’t breathe!”  John can hear his voice, harsh and wretched and rising in pitch as Glen Reese nears the edge of a panic attack.
Sherlock feels John slowly step away from him, and he thinks he can feel the air rush in to fill the vacuum, cold and odorless. He finds himself touching his hand, the hand John touched and where he can still feel the imprint of John’s fingers against his. It’s utterly illogical that John’s absence should manifest in any physical way, and he detests this inane Alpha instinct that makes him want to reach out and grab John’s arm and let nobody take him away from him. It’s the same instinct that made him want to squeeze the life out Dregs just for touching John. The desire is still there, simmering below the surface, hot and possessive.
"My name," he purrs "is Adam Haversaw." His face curls into a fake mockery of his smile and his eyes are like pieces of coal.
There is a cold kettle of tea sitting at John’s table along with a small tray of sandwiches. Mrs. Hudson, obviously. Sherlock thinks that if John was here to bully him to it, he probably would have been able to blackmail John into making a fresh pot. The two of them would have been seated quietly in their separate chairs, John reading the newspaper and Sherlock editing the latest science article. Occasionally their eyes would meet, then part and Sherlock would have been content.
They stop outside 309. The door’s been replaced since John lived here, a slightly larger model that fits the frame better and doesn’t let in the mustard coloured light from the corridor.
There’s a half-wave from Sherlock, who doesn’t even emerge from his book to watch him leave. The only one who seems regretful to watch him go is Toby shuffles back to the door. He paws at John’s shoes and presses his nose hopefully against John’s hand.
“You took care of them.” It wasn’t what he meant to say and before Mycroft can school his appearance, Sherlock sees something akin to an offense in the dip of his brow. It surprises him, while he thought there was so little about Mycroft that could do that.
Jane Hill takes a step into the room and glares at  the puddle of John’s sick on the floor. She wrinkles her nose.
“No reports of any casualties,” Hestia murmurs, “but there are two witnesses who claims they heard several gunshots.”
“Fine,” Lestrade concedes, “but I’ll be talking to her alone, I don’t need a repetition of last time.”
John presses his finger against a microscope slide. Sam sticks his tongue between his teeth as he concentrates on grabbing just a small pinch of powder between his forefinger and thumb and sprinkles it over the whole print. John helps him brush the excess powder gently off and Sam’s shoulders shake with glee as the print becomes visible. With a large piece of tape, John lifts the print off the slide and tapes it on a black backing card.
The streets are unusually busy, with people hurrying to and from, heads hunched in the rain. Two police cars blares past him, a distant siren answering their alarm from somewhere downtown. It takes him a couple of streets before John manages to hail himself a cab, and an hour after Sherlock called he finds himself back in Paradise Gardens, the box tucked safely under his arm.
“He’s got this phase of hating green food,” John explains and the only thing Sherlock can do is nod, because he didn’t know toddlers might go through phases of food phobia. Is this normal? Should he concerned? John doesn’t seem to be. He tries to think about who he knows who has children so they can give him sound advice to fill this gaping void of knowledge (Lestrade might have a child somewhere, and he is fairly certain Stamford has at least three, judging by the abstract homemade art he likes to decorate his walls with. These are (somewhat) dependable sources of information.)
“I…” John starts, his gaze darting to DI Dregs. The detective inspector runs a finger slowly across his mustache, his eyebrows raising to his hairline before he gives John the barest nod of permission and he schools his features again.
“I guess that's all my fault,” Glen Reese says in a voice that somehow suggests that he isn't at all apologetic. “I mean, I shouldn't have shown you that book,” Glen Reese explains, “if I hadn't you wouldn't have gone to see Doctor Fenway, nor been suspected of his murder, nor been kidnapped.”
Doctor Fenway quickly pushes John further behind him until he is fully shielding him with his own body.
There are rigorous protocols to follow: the building is evacuated, the unlucky delivery guy is detained to be questioned for hours, the bomb squad is summoned and are discussing the best way to approach the package, when Sherlock calmly points out that bombs seldom bleed.
Mike and Andrew exchange a look that tells John that they do not quite believe him. John has been the victim to their shared, silent communication that he knows how to expel any attempt wheedle an answer out him.
“But why-” John tries to mask the anguish in his voice, afraid he’s not doing a good job, because the muscles on Sherlock’s back jump and flex under his shirt, while Lestrade cannot look at him. “Why did you… leave?”
John knows the past three years are etched in the line of his skin, the slight graying of his hair at his temple and nine pounds he’s never managed to regain. But Sherlock looks unchanged, as if the past three years didn’t happen to him. Maybe a bit paler, his hair is longer, falling into his eyes. He’s dressed in the same great cloak, collar turned up. His hair is the same cleverly styled mess of curls and his eyes piercing as he regards John. Nothing in Sherlock’s gaze has changed either and John thinks how unfair it is. How Sherlock can look at him and give him that secret smile as if they’ve just returned from solving a case down at the Met and Sherlock has beaten him back home.
The detective refuses to meet his gaze. John dares a glance at Moriarty. His dark orbs are fixed on the private detective, his mouth quirked into a crooked almost smile. John realizes that there’s a second conversation going on, between Sherlock and him. A conversation that John is not privy to- one that Sherlock does not intend to partake in.
Tom Cromwell appears on the screen, a tall, gangly looking youth looking like he’s just been dressed in his Sunday school best by his mom. He clutches the microphone in his hands as though it was his only lifeline in the inferno.
The apartment still holds the faint tinge of another Alpha like charged ions prickling his skin. The traces of the Omega is thick and cloying, like the perfume section at a department store with hundreds of scents trying to attract his attention.
Sherlock slowly tucks the phone away, carefully studying John in his peripheral vision while he pretends to scratch his cast. John looks… Does he look different? Was this something that has weighed heavily on his mind?
Thank you for the overwhelming support I´ve received for part two of this story. I apologise for the expositions, but there´s some gaps to fill and a plot to get moving.
“No. Yes. No. I mean.” John shakes his head a little before dragging his gaze away from the mirror and forcing himself to look at DI Dregs.  “It was about his lack of confidentiality of his patients. He was publishing case studies about his patients without their consent.”
He stares at the copy of the prison transfer request. It’s a standard form, but they are only used in extenuating circumstances, where the has been a deal made with the Courts or good behaviour has allowed the prisoner to transfer from a maximum to minimum risk facility.
This is incredibly stupid. I have no intention of ever letting you read this. Ever. I would rather die, I think.”
I showered, combed my hair, and put on my cologne. I shaved, that part was important. Sherlock was not going to get the opportunity to tease me tonight. I was not going to be nervous. I repeated this over and over as I checked the time, walked out my door, and walked to 221b Baker St. The sun was going down. It was a beautiful sunset. Perfect, clear night. Maybe instead of taking a cab we could walk.
He had left that letter at my grave when I “Died”. He left a few more, but this was the only one I kept hidden enough for Mycroft not to get rid of it when I “Went away”. His words were beautiful. I had never read poetry quite like what he wrote about me. It got me through the tourture. I had every intention of finding him, breaking the news, and then telling him I had no idea how he felt. That I loved him too.
I looked at her, suspicion probably obvious in my features. She rolled her eyes and sighed. That was very unlike her.
John ran to my rescue instead of getting the gun away from the smaller man. I love him, but he can be stupid.
He started to avoid me like I avoid the grocery store. He seemed anxious and hyper aware almost all the time. Then he would be normal. I would think, “Thank the universe that’s over,” but then he would get jumpy and make an excuse to be as far away from me as possible.
“I won’t tell anyone. I do hate you came out to me because you felt you needed to give me a reason. I’m sorry,” she said.
"Oh, that?" John says, aiming for casual and missing it with about a mile. He wipes his sweaty palms against his jeans to hide that they are shaking. "Nothing at all."
“Your thought?” Anderson exclaims as if the mere notion that John should have any thoughts of value is absurd.
“I am Alexander Lee Finkle, Glen Reese’s defense attorney.” Ms. Finkle pulls her hand back and wipes it on a handkerchief. In the corner of his eye John sees DI Lestrade begging for patience from higher powers.
John remembers falling asleep to the dulcet tones of Sherlock’s violin. The cast hadn’t seemed to hinder him and the detective had been playing nonstop since they returned from the Yard, drifting like a rudderless ship around and around in their living room.
“Time, John! A few days from now-“ she pauses and gives John a calculating look, making a show of counting her fingers and doing sums in her head.
There’s two figures on the top of St. Barts. It’s impossible not to recognize Sherlock’s great coat, flapping in the wind as Sherlock balances precariously on the edge, circling the other man as if he’s the prey.
“When we couldn't find any signs of Mr. Reese we decided to consult the video footage. The cameras captured Mr. Reese leaving his room at 6:11 am and walking down the corridor towards the elevators. We have him on camera entering the elevator and riding it to the lowest level of the car park. The camera down there are of an older model, you know how it is,” she fixes her brown eyes on Lestrade. “Funding cuts. Thus, the images are of a poor resolution and only in black and white, I fear. But they show a car leaving at 6:29 am, heading west. Only thing you can really make out is a blurry image of the driver, but we are fairly certain that it´s Mr. Reese. ”
"Yeah. Sensible John," John replies and fixes his gaze on the empty plate in front of him. Lydia ruffles his hair playfully and grabs his plate. John places a hand on his knee to still the restless rhythm his of his foot against the floor and forced another smile at Lydia as she returns the plate, now brimming with pie, pees, carrots, potatoes and brown sauce.
Mycroft hears the sound of approaching footsteps (size 6, high heels, a slippery choice for well polished floors.) The door opens and the scent of Channel no. 5 announces Hestia’s arrival. She’s carrying a tablet under one arm, and flickering away on her Blackberry with both her hands.
Jane Hill shakes her head, “Cobb was the only one who communicated with … I´ve only ever met Moriarty once, to get the police uniforms.”
“Just like that?” John hopes Glen Reese doesn’t recognize the uncertainty in his voice. He can’t really imagine tying himself for the rest of his life to swith somebody he’s just known for a few days. But maybe this is how the Bond really works, this undeniable attraction and connection between and an Alpha and an Omega. The academic literature is always vague when it tries to describe it and the majority of popular media always represents it as a devastating love at first sight, where the Omega clings to the Alpha, unable to function without him. John can’t really picture Sherlock involved in a clingy sort of relationship, or any sort of relationship with anything but his Work and the Game.
“Let’s try to keep him from inheriting your appalling eating habits,” John mutters, “or lack of them.”
The name "David" is written clearly on the front of the book with smears of blood visible on the edges. Anderson gives the bag a little teasing rattle, like John is a kid, and Anderson is holding a goodie bag just out of his reach.
John has gotten used to people seeing 221B Baker Street as the last court of appeal when police investigations had failed to bring a satisfactory conclusion. Or find their missing pet/spouse (or spouses who absconded with a beloved pet). Though a mugging involving a gun is somewhat of a statistical anomaly, most armed robberies involve knives, he somehow doubts that an unidentified shooter and a six-month-old cold case rates high enough to catch Sherlock´s interest.
throat and squeeze the life out of him. No wonder the Alphas died out. It goes against all natural reason to feel this intensely; it’s a distraction- to let your body dictate your life when it should be no more than transport
Lydia appears in the corridor, a green apron around her slim waist and her blonde curls kept away from a round face. She smiles at John and John forces a smile back.
"Look, Mister Watson," Doctor Fenway says, his voice gentle. "I am not going to tell you what you can and cannot do, only offer you some advice, guidance-" he pauses for a moment.
“You’ve already met my other half, the real Jacob.” Moriarty inclines his head towards the man standing in the kitchen doorway. He hasn't done much to change his appearance since he saluted DI Lestrade. His jaw is dusted with stubbles and he’s dressed in gray BDUs and a military green polo shirt, making him look more like his proper age. Mercenary, John thinks. Jacob´s upper lip curls back, revealing a row of gleaming teeth.
Or a web, Sherlock thinks, but how far does your criminal web extend? Who is on the other end of your strings? How do you intend to make me dance? What are you trying to distract me from this time? He feels the familiar thrill of his heart in his chest, the rush of adrenaline- he is confident, yes, but he’s not certain and that, that is what makes this interesting.
The only person John’s bought Christmas presents for had been Sam and buying presents for a toddler was easy. Toys. Books. Puzzles. What on Earth would you get a Detective Inspector?
“David, the Omega who secretly joins the army, becomes a doctor, and has an Alpha flatmate,” John says slowly, enunciating each word.
“Well, it’s true.” The man finally says. “You’ll go into Heat, and those bars won’t do anything to protect you from the Alphas in this station, I mean, they all have the keys and authority.”
Her eyes blink shut. She takes a deep, staggering breath and John calls her name again. She doesn't respond and John knows it’s a bad sign. Respiratory distress, due to pain or flail chest, or damaged lung, or all of them above. Mrs. Hudson has always seems so strong and resilient, but her body’s old and not as tough as her mind.
“What is going on!?” Lestrade’s tone is demanding, and John wonders if it’s because Sherlock is bleeding or because it’s John who has obviously punched him.
Everyone at the Legion would understand. He has surrounded himself with people who are familiar with the pain of loss of a loved one, people who recognize the signs of a sleepless nights but who know better than to comment, who know what it is like to spend their mornings with a cooling cup of tea, listening to the clock eating away time.
“What did Mrs. Braithsworth say when she was confronted with her husband’s spending?” Sherlock’s voice pulls John out of his reverie.
I owe an immense debt to my beta reader, kgratz. She's amazingly insightful, helps me weed out all the stupid mistakes, and aids me with working out the main plot.
He feels Sherlock’s hand curl over the back of his neck as he pulls John closer, until John is pressed so close to his chest there’s not even a breath separating them.He shuts his eyes, without meaning too, against the assault of sensory input the Alphas’s closeness brings. His scent, the warmth of his breath ghosting across his skin. All these things John had thought he’d only ever know by memory.
“I see,” Mycroft says in a tone of voice Sherlock eagerly recognizes as Mycroft’s attempt at hiding his ignorance.
“It’s not exactly a Christmas present,” John says, “but I know that you've been wanting this information and that I’ve not been very forthcoming with answers. Read this, and then I’ll answer any question you might have.”
It's a chilly spring morning and John immediately regrets leaving his scarf at home. Sherlock is already doing that thing where he can make a cab appear within seconds. The backdoor is thrown open and Sherlock folds himself into the backseat and John follows, far less gracefully.
Mary is still smiling at him. John wonders if he’s missed something. Did she ask him a question and is she now waiting for John’s response?
"You mean, I´ll just have to lie to everybody for the rest of my life?" John clutches the green book tightly in his hands.
“He said he wanted an Omegas’ perspective on his work, like David is so…unique. It’s unheard of you, know, an Omega going off to be a solider in a war. We just don’t do that sort of thing. Doctor Fenway wanted me to counteract some of the points ‘David’ argues.  He suggested that I could even write a little foreword. It’s quite an honor; he’s never asked me to help him with anything this important. Do you think they will still publish the book now that Doctor Fenway has been murdered?”
Soon John Watson became the only person with whom he can hold two concurrent conversations, where one of them is completely without words.
Suddenly he’s got this image of a young Sherlock, tall and gangly for his age, examine the world and the way people relate to each other with academic detachment and concluding that their actions were counterintuitive, driven by foolish emotions like hate, and jealousy of lust and love and that they were stupid.
“So, how does this sound as a possible scenario. The victims are drugged and then led into the gym where they are stripped of their clothing. Naked and with bound hands and feet, probably by a strong tape of a sort. They have stood on…a stool or a chair with a noose around their neck. Then the chair has been kicked away. Immediately after death the killer….removed the testicles.»
“Because his wife was always at home? The only other key available was the master key in the hands of the janitor, but those keys aren’t kept on the premises. You have to go to the Council main office and log them out.”
The guy pulls back a little and John gasps for air. The man smiles, almost soft and tentative, and John thinks that this has all been some horrible, terrible joke that is about to end and he pushes against the man to try and break free.
John has to admit that his feelings for doctor Fenway are still conflicted, even knowing how Fenway had betrayed him. He knew about Doctor Fenway’s involvement with dangerous and illegal experiments. He had even encouraged Jacob to use London as his personal laboratory. People had suffered. People had died; all for the sake of Fenway´s search for medical fame. But he had also helped John, Glen Reese, and countless other Alphas and Omegas who struggled with their biological heritage.
“What about the body mutilation, doesn’t that go against the “legitimization” of the execution?” Lestrade gestures to the close up of the incisions in the groins. Despite extensive searches in the schoolyard and in the surrounding areas, they hadn’t recovered the missing body parts.
He walks over to the door and knocks on it, five times in quick succession. The door opens and Jane Hill saunters in with a grin and a gun pointed at John.
He doesn’t know how many days pass or even how they pass, but suddenly he’s hit with the stomach-churning realization that Sherlock is dead. He is dead and he is never coming back.
“Clearly these are two separate yet connected murders,” Sherlock informs him. How does the Yard ever accomplish anything without him?
The man opens his mouth. He closes it. He narrows his eyes and digs his digits harder into John’s arm. He looks a bit stunned; it’s obvious that he’s not expecting this reaction. John yanks his arm free and takes a step back, balling his hands into fists.
John counts twenty men and women, from all walks of life, even young mothers with children clinging to their legs. Some are checking their mobile phones, whispering excitedly to each other.
Of course, the real question, the one he is avoiding, is how he will be able to cope without Sherlock?
“Oh?” He takes a sip of tea to mask the worry that flits through him. It’s probably nothing, he has female patients, and sometimes the wives of his patients will drop by to unburden their concerns.
He fiddles around with John’s phone for a while, his own not having survived the impact with the railway tracks. John’s phone is brand new and Sherlock doesn’t want to deduce the fate of its predecessor. He flicks through the selection of pictures, pausing at each one to take in all the minute details. There’s plenty of pictures of Sam on it, Sam sitting at the kitchen table with the entire color tableau of pencils spread around him. Sam scowling at his puzzles, Sam and Mycroft  with a similar expression of fascination staring at a television program of a sheep with a hat, Sam, and Mrs. Kettle, Sam and John, Sam, Sam-
There was a pause where neither of them said anything, and after it, Sherlock concluded: "Goodbye, John."
Moriarty did in fact stop, and he immediately began laughing. "Oh, you two are so precious. Don't worry, dear doctor, I'm not going to kill him. He's too pathetic to kill. I'm just going to scramble his oh-so-great brain a little. I want to see if he can rebuild from nothing." He leaned closer to Sherlock. "Do you hear that, Sherlock? You're pathetic. You're pathetic, you're boring, you're a burden to everyone, and last but certainly not least, you're
"Sherlock mislead you to buy us time to expose Moriarty. He knew that if you arrested him before that, Moriarty would have him killed."
It was Sherlock's phone that received the call. The person on the other end, a voice John didn't recognize, asked, "Is Mr. Holmes there?"
"In fact, thanks to those men Sherlock is out of the picture. So in a way you didn't fully beat him on your own."
Sherlock stood there awkwardly, his eyes darting around to make sure no further hallucinatory threats were around.
John shut his off as he slumped on his hospital bed. "Why, Sherlock? Why couldn't you listen to me for once...?"
Moriarty shrugged. "If you've made your decision, then it's all covered from here. We're done here."
Suddenly, his face relaxed a bit, though his brow almost seemed to furrow more. "John... No, no, can't... can't delete John..." He murmured absent-mindedly, making a gesture with his hands as if pushing something aside to continue purging his mind.
Sherlock was shaking his head when the somewhat-taller man clamped his hand down on his shoulder and whispered something, his mouth close to Sherlock's ear. Whatever he whispered seemed to scare Sherlock, and next thing John knew, the Consulting Detective was stepping into the limousine, being assisted by the man.
"Oh, I see. He was using it to catch me off guard." he said; seeming a bit hurt but trying to hide it.
There had to be something he was missing. Sherlock rarely acted on sentiment. There had to be some sort of logic in his actions, and he doubted that Sherlock would find suicide to rank very high in "logic". He was missing something... right?
Then again, part of him was in denial. Perhaps it was just some sort of act! Sherlock could find a way to fake suicide... but Moriarty would've seen right through it, wouldn't he?
Sherlock's pale face flushed once more. He'd had the haunting suspicion that was the case, but he had dismissed it as being stupid to think John liked him at all. Now that he knew it wasn't so stupid after all, he was stunned into silent admiration. He simply stared at John with wide eyes, his lips parted slightly, not saying a word.
But that would mean no one will ever hear from Sherlock ever again as well. This brought tears to the doctor's eyes.
Sherlock anxiously chewed on his lower lip as he stared down at him. He could still hear Moriarty's words echoing throughout his head, and it was giving him a bit of a headache, so he got up and headed for the bathroom to see if there was any aspirin in the cabinet behind the mirror.
Sherlock stumbled back, pulling John along, until he was leaning back against a wall, his fingers running through the good doctor's short hair.
Sherlock slipped on his pants and took off the coat to put on his shirt. His back was covered in bruises, bandages, and scars.
"... had one of my men blow out the brains of your crush-" The hand quickly retracted itself back into the darkness, and with a gasp from the hidden culprit, Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut.
"A complicated plan involving some help. I couldn't tell you. I wanted you to move on, and thankfully you did."
His eyes shot open and the color drained from his face, leaving him wide-eyed and pale in horror; this is what Magnussen had whispered to him before he had begun his "experiment" with Sherlock's body.
Again, the taller man's brow furrowed. "But John, I did--... Oh, wait, I had said I had only tried to hurt you..."
Sherlock's brow furrowed. "I told you I can take care of you here, John... They'll take me away from you if we go to the hospital..."
"I need to go. I want you to follow, but lag behind enough to not be caught." Sherlock readjusted his coat and his scarf and started heading for the door, not even bothering to explain anything.
"Oh, nice plan. Make Sherlock go insane. That is a real test of wit," John replied as he rolled his eyes.
"I'm honestly not sure." As he was saying this, he received a text, so he pulled out his cellphone. Looking at the message, he suddenly trailed off and stopped in his tracks.
"Jo...hn..." Sherlock's voice was growing fainter, half because he was losing energy and half due to the blood pooling in the back of his mouth.
Things went exactly the same way as before and the guard that was going to shoot Sherlock grabbed the Consulting Detective, beginning pulling him toward the locked staff-only door. If he disobeyed Sherlock, John might have a chance to change Sherlock's fate.
"What'll it be for you and your date?" The owner asked. Sherlock didn't bother to correct the man, but simply looked at John as if asking him what he wanted to eat.
"Our victim was beaten by someone, and she was cut with a stainless steel kitchen knife. She walked here, but God knows why."
Lestrade was standing in front of the interrogation room, trying to keep himself composed. Moriarty could be heard laughing within.
Adjusting his glasses, the suited man looked over in John's direction as if he knew he was there, and smirked slightly.
When Sherlock got close enough, Moriarty whispered, loud enough to hear, "Someone you know, Sherlock, is about to die."
Sherlock bit his lip through the pain, until eventually he laughed a bit. "You're always worrying what people would think... What would they think if they saw this...? Sherlock Holmes, consulting detective... and his partner, Dr. John Watson... in an alley together, Sherlock making loud noises while his shirt is lifted..." He teased before coughing.
Realizing that trying to fight John on this wasn't going to work, he simply nodded and tried to relax.
Sherlock left his scarf on John's stomach as he collapsed back to the wood floor beneath him. He was bleeding bad, and he wondered how he hadn't noticed this sooner. Even so, he soon forced himself to his feet and kept trying to ignore his own self-inflicted injuries.
Sherlock resumed mentally purging things he'd remembered, as his current line of thought was still being overloaded by them.
Sherlock nodded in understanding. "I'm sorry for leaving you out. But if Moriarty found out that you knew that I was still alive -- or if he ever even caught wind of me still being alive -- then the plan would have failed and you might have wound up hurt. Besides, at least one good thing came out of it for you." He glanced back at Mary.
"Aagh, I just can't believe I made such a big mistake! I think I just got the Old Maid, John. I can't win this game the killer is playing with me now, because I've
"His men will kill her if we try anything of the sort." Sherlock turned his gaze to Moriarty. "Am I right?"
He found Sherlock to be laying down, conscious but in an obvious daze. He was very pale, and was connected to an IV drip.
A tear ran down Sherlock's gaunt face. He leaned down to John and gently kissed him, making Moriarty roll his eyes impatiently.
"Oh, tell that to someone who cares." Moriarty utters, standing up and brushing himself off. "At least now things might get interesting around here. A little bit of head trauma always spices things up in the movies."
John was holding back the urge to throw something at her head as he watched her being pushed out of the room.
For a split-second, he almost seemed to oppose being released, but he quickly (and rather awkwardly) released John to allow himself to be let go.
"I can't really blame him. He's in a difficult situation. I should've been watching him more carefully."
Mycroft narrowed his eyes at his younger brother. "What, you want me to forge some sort of case or incident just so you can do whatever you please?"
Something about the texts wasn't right. Moriarty had to be dead, didn't he? Sherlock had shot him in the bloody head!
"Inspector, I have much to tell you." Watson started before he told the good Inspector everything that had happened.
Donovan's radio was passed to Lestrade, who also didn't know what to do as Sherlock was lift into the ambulance on a stretcher.
It was a dark hickey with some fading bite marks, as if the flesh of the Consulting Detective had been pinched between Magnussen's teeth.
"Your name, for one. Other than that, he kept making... deductions, I guess... but none of them made sense."
Sherlock suddenly heard someone whisper his name. His eyes flung open and he sat up, looking around the hotel room, only to find that no one was in proximity... even so, he heard it again.
"... I've no better idea. Hold on, I'll send a message." Sherlock pulled out his phone and sent a message to Mycroft. "... Alright, he's sending us a ride. Should be here any minute now."
It was Lestrade saying that something had come up and he needed to leave in a rush, but he would contact him asap when they'd booked him someplace to stay.
"Sherlock, you're bleeding badly! You need to go to the hospital!" cried Watson as he tried to get up.
"Moriarty shot me then tried to have Sherlock finish me but he shot Moriarty dead and I passed out before I could see what he did to Magnussen."
Sherlock kissed him as his hand found the knife in John's pocket and carefully wrapped his slender fingers around the hilt.
"He's..." The Inspector sighed. "He's in critical condition. By the time we got there, he'd stabbed himself twice in the gut, and combining that with his other wounds..."
He didn't fight it this time. He let himself wake up to try to live his new life. Starting with getting better after being shot.
As Moriarty struggled to almost comically "untangle" himself without falling down the rest of the stairs, Sherlock stepped closer to John, but didn't say anything.
Sherlock left, as he walked down the halls, he text John the address to a small cafe near Baker Street.
"I suppose it would be in my best interest to do so," Sherlock answered. He seemed somewhat nervous, but ultimately more emotionally stable than he had been since the case began.
Moriarty stood, frowning, and kicked Sherlock once for good measure, making the detective's body twitch.
Sherlock walked to the door and carefully opened it. Poking his head outside, he saw no one. As he was closing the door however, from the down the hall he heard a vaguely Irish voice call in a hushed tone, "
"It's time to move on, John." Even so, Sherlock seemed sort of sad. "Just because my time's over doesn't mean that yours has to be."
Moriarty walked over and took Sherlock's gun. He headed to the phone and called for an ambulance. "Hello? Yes, there's been an accident at 221B Baker Street. One man's hurt bad, and another's
"I can't let Lestrade get him first. The only way to do that..." Sherlock took the knife out of his pocket, removed one of his gloves, and proceeded to get his fingerprints all over the hilt of the blade. He then tossed it in the general direction of the crime scene. "... is to play murderer to buy him some time."
Sherlock gulped, not being completely certain that John wouldn't, at this point, think he was crazy.
Magnussen held this hand up as if it were belonging to a woman of royalty, but proceeded to kiss it deeply with an obvious level of lust.
Sherlock stood there awkwardly. After a few seconds of silence, he mumbled at John. "Uh, thanks. ... For... the help. With this bullet wound, I mean."
"Someone who is interested in meeting the world's only Consulting Detective." was the answer the calm, deep man's voice gave.
"The freak," it seemed as though she wasn't going to stop calling him that, "was running, and I guess he just had the bad luck of running right into some lunatic with a gun we would've had to have taken care of anyway."
"John, he would say whatever it takes to get me all to himself. Please... Please, you can't let him have me, John. We need to--... We... We need to..." Sherlock seemed struck by a wave of distraction, and could no longer entirely focus.
Thinking he was about to wake up, Sherlock gasped and stepped back, hiding the knife behind his back.
"D'aww, it's okay, Sherlock. Soon enough, John Watson will be dead, and you'll never feel anything again. How does that sound?"
Lestrade was halfway across the room, and Sherlock just stood in front of the interrogation room trying to act inconspicuous.
"Don't take it too personally, John." Sherlock said, though he was glaring hard at Mycroft. "My brother can't be bought even with antiques."
As Magnussen said that, John could feel Moriarty press the barrel of a pistol against the back of his head.
" He called, not unlike one would call for their beloved pet dog. "There's a visitor here to see you!"
"If you're not well, you need to let me know. I can't do this alone." The words were rather hypocritical coming from Sherlock, who had spent most of his time thus far keeping John in the dark.
That was all Lestrade needed to hear. As he was hurrying away, he radioed for backup at the hospital.
"Goodbye, Doctor Watson. Good luck with your marriage." He opened the door. Right before he started to step in, past him, in the seat on the other side of the limo, sat a man in a belstaff coat.
The threat of awakening to a destroyed flat was something he would prefer, much to his own surprise.
He clung onto Sherlock's scarf more as he started to cry again. Soon he was back to his big empty home as he went straight to bed.
"Magnussen and Moriarty are dead... I made sure of that. We're safe, John...! We're finally safe...!"
Without removing the knife from the doctor's pocket, Sherlock's hand shifted the knife and quickly stabbed the blade into John's stomach.
"Yes. I think the first assault from Moriarty in the head then the abuse and rape from Magnussen might have made him snap..."
Mary looked a bit concerned still of Magnussen, even as the limousine drove away, but she smiled for John.
Sherlock's face lit up. "Magnussen." He greeted. "It's Sherlock. Listen, I never thought I'd say this, especially not to you, but... I need some help."
It was nothing short of a miracle that Sherlock was still alive, but even so, it seemed that the threat of Magnussen returning was still something to worry about.
"No. Either it isn't a cipher or the killer decided he didn't want it to be seen after he had written it." Everything Sherlock was saying was a blatant lie. It almost seemed like he was trying to lead Lestrade as far away from the killer as possible.
He listened closer, but the whispers seem to be coming from everywhere and nowhere at the same time. They began hushed-ly saying other things, reminding him of his experience with Magnussen for one.
Lestrade nodded in agreement. Perhaps, though, if he could talk to Moriarty... It was a long shot, but maybe he could get the truth from the criminal.
Sherlock walked briskly through the room, opening a brown door that blended in with the walls without even bothering to knock.
"Who do you think?" Sherlock's voice hollered back from the living room. Almost immediately after, he heard the Consulting Detective begin playing the violin.
Moriarty, whether he realized this or not, grabbed Sherlock by the collar of his coat and tugged him up. "Come on, stand up, Sherlock. Here." He handed the Consulting Detective the gun and made him aim at John. "Pull the trigger. Do the honors." Casually, Moriarty then backed up.
A nurse hurried in. Sherlock dug his slender fingers into his curly dark brown hair and groaned loudly.
"Trying to be good has resulted in nothing but me getting mocked all my life and ultimately hurting you."
Sherlock pulled back, shocked but not necessarily denying John's affection. "J-John...?" The dream seemed to be fading away around him.
Sherlock stopped and marched back over to John. He stood so close, looking down at his colleague, that his breath could almost be felt on John's face with every word. "Who do you think killed Molly, John?"
"I would need to do all treatment at a hospital, Sherlock. Please don't tell me those are Mrs. Hudson's injuries..."
"Well, I've got a partner... To keep John safe from him, you're going to have to live by his rules."
He would need a backup plan in that case, but until he knew for certain whether or not Sherlock was still capable of thinking clearly, this idea was probably his best bet.
"Are you still asleep? Geez, sleepy head. Just because I promised Sherlock I wouldn't kill you doesn't mean I can't talk to you, does it?"
Sherlock put on his shirt and blazer before putting his coat back on and pulling out his scarf. "Nobody's entirely free of weaknesses. He must have one that I can prey upon."
"What woman wouldn't? You're a veteran, an army doctor. And though you don't like to show it, you're a very loving, compassionate man, John."
It was difficult to come up with a solution to the problem when both the Scotland Yard and Mycroft feared Magnussen.
Sherlock proceeded to wrap his arms around John, holding him close protectively, close enough for John to feel his heart beating rapidly in his chest and his quick breathing.
"Sherlock, you almost died several times! You're staying in the hospital to recover even if I have to make you! You are listening to me for once!!"
"No!" Sherlock said. "No, I... I do want to go through with it, it's just... I have a bad feeling about this."
"C'mon, Sherlock." He said as he roughly ripped the gag from Sherlock's mouth. "Say it's the truth. Admit your feelings. Else I'll take your silence as him meaning nothing to you, and I'll shoot him."
"Well, I am." said Lestrade. "I need to find out if he remembers anything before he falls unconscious again."
Sherlock's lips were quivering ever so slightly. "... Fine. I'll be there." After a pause, he added with obedience in his voice, "
"Hm...?" replied Sherlock, who kept his eyes hidden in the crook of his palm while his head bobbed against the window from the motion of the limo.
Trying to mentally convince himself that everything would be fine, Sherlock hesitantly laid down beside him.
There was more gunfire from the radio. It sounded as though Donovan was somehow managing to hold her own. "The freak is being held hostage!" She shouted. "I repeat, the freak is being held hostage!" It would seem as though Sherlock was not the one firing at Donovan.
"I know," admitted Sherlock. "I may have stopped Moriarty, but in a way he still won. There was no avoiding the draw."
"I'll... have a squad car ready for you..." Then, stumbling, he left the room, probably to see if his fears were justified.
He could almost feel himself waking up, like he was in a now-lucid dream and kissing Sherlock would signify the end of it.
"You know exactly what I mean." After a moment's pause, Sherlock shook his head and picked his champagne glass back up. "On second thought, don't answer me. I'm married to my work." He said before taking a big gulp of champagne, almost as if he wanted to get drunk.
Unable to hear John over the loud noises, at least not with his ears covered, Sherlock continued shaking his head.
"John? What has my little brother gone and done now?" Mycroft answered with this, predicting correctly the reason why John was calling him.
"Like I'm trying to cope, but I'm doing it by attempting to immerse myself in what I've been dealt. I'm not fixing myself. I'm changing myself. I'm becoming used to this torment. I want this torment."
He downed two pills and put the bottle back, closing the cabinet door. When he looked into the mirror, he saw Moriarty grinning at him instead of his own reflection, and he jumped back in surprise. "You..." He muttered.
Moriarty, for once, did not have a reply. He grit his teeth as if wanting to say something, but then closed his mouth and glared lightly.
"I'll be seeing you, Sherlock. Until then." Moriarty casually left them there, disappearing around the corner and heading for the stairwell.
"He's one of Moriarty's goons. Must've wanted payback for killing his boss. Got himself killed instead."
"He's already killed for you once." Moriarty said with a shrug, revealing he knew more about them than they had given him credit for.
"Because I'm not going to make your death as painless as his. You're going to suffer, just like I have."
"John." Sherlock held him steady by the cheeks and looked him in the eyes. He seemed to know that something terribly tragic was about to occur.
The message on the wall and the comment about the killer knowing the ins and outs of their flat didn't help to ease his mind.
"Oh, yes, Molly... Not that I don't believe you, but why would Sherlock lead us in the wrong direction if that was the case?"
"But you're safe here, Dr. Watson." Moriarty mocked. "I'm not bothering with you. No fun in that anymore. I mean someone else."
"Stop getting in the way... It's hard to control what I delete..." Sherlock made the gesture again; in his shattered Mind Palace, the version of John he had made as a "living" bank to store his memories of John was forcing Sherlock to focus on itself with everything the real John did. If Sherlock wasn't careful, he might accidentally delete this storage of John- related things trying to delete the rest, which would in his own opinion distress him greatly.
"Brutally? So..." Sherlock trailed off, and the smirk on his face turned into a frown. He leaned closer and whispered, "So, you mean, he... He would have coerced me past third base? He'd have went the whole way?"
His pale blue eyes wide with terror, Sherlock slowly shook his head, grinning slightly. "Nothing." He said in a forced but quiet happy tone. "I'm fine. I'm just fine."
"John wouldn't leave you before you stabbed him. That might be different now, though... I'd probably leave after this if I were him."
The message carved onto the wall was eerie and intimidating. Had Sherlock written it, or was it written by someone else? And, for the record, where on Earth had the Consulting Detective even gone?
Moriarty suddenly revealed a gun, aiming it at the good doctor. Seeing this, Sherlock also pulled out a gun.
"Who knows? I sure as hell don't know. Magnussen and Moriarty, maybe they were in cahoots. Maybe they didn't even know of each other. Perhaps I was their--" He laughed more, "Perhaps I was their secret lover, right, John? Perhaps I had spurned them earlier--"
"That can't be all he wants. It doesn't make any sense. There must be something I'm not understanding."
"Say, just a second ago, Anderson found some blood on the wall by there. Looks like it might've been a cipher, but it's all smeared. Could you make it out?"
"I don't know! I came home to the flat and saw it was wrecked so I went to the landlady to check on her and her flat is in ruins as well!"
"You have to make a decision, Sherlock," Moriarty said, ignoring John. "A decision and a sacrifice."
This one showed Sherlock in apparent agony and discomfort with a knife against his pale, marked throat. Though it wasn't entirely made clear in what the photo captured, it was likely that Magnussen was now taking this sexual assault a step further.
Mycroft then slapped Sherlock across the face, hard enough to make him crumple to the floor. "Think, brother. THINK!"
"Oh, I'm not trying anything, Moriarty. Just food for thought." John replied as he rolled himself out of the room.
"No, wait! Please, hold on." Sherlock didn't often say 'please'. "He's our only hope to save the others. He might be my only hope to save you for all I know."
Sherlock exhaled. "Well. Whatever the case, that's over with." He picked up his violin and resumed playing, as if nothing had happened.
Mycroft put his hand to his face, slowly shaking his head. "Sherlock, Sherlock, Sherlock... What on Earth am I going to do with you?"
John had been his friend and companion for a long time. Did he really want to destroy all of that just to protect himself?
For some reason, this is my most bookmarked/subscribed-to fanfiction, so here's another chapter as an expression of thanks for everyone putting up with our weird, informal formatting.
John gasped when he saw Moriarty aim the gun at Sherlock and fire, but he got in the way and took the bullet for him.
"Perhaps he wanted me to fake my own death somehow. Make you think that I'm dead, and force me to watch how you cope with my apparent suicide."
Sherlock's brow furrowed as he realized that he was, and that he should probably be concerned, but found himself unable to be. "I just want to keep you safe. Let me do that."
Hopefully, the Consulting Detective would find a way to strike some sort of deal. In the meantime, it might be in his best interest to try warning Moriarty's targets.
Just barely poking out from under the bed was the knife Sherlock used to keep his letters on the mantelpiece. It had blood on it. Other than that, there was not much different in the room, all things considered.
"You seem to be handling Sherlock's suicide well. What's your secret? Is it because you were in the army?"
"If you're not really here, though, you shouldn't be able to do anything to me..." With this, Sherlock stepped forward, however hesitantly.
"Isn't it? If you had to hurt someone you loved who was going to kill you if you didn't, or hurt someone you hated instead even if it meant your loved one would kill you, who would you choose?"
"Though, it seems you're happy because you're miserable." Despite the contradictory nature of his words, Sherlock continued, "Do I want to know what happened?"
Not quite as quickly as John would have liked, the cabbie stopped the vehicle. "This is William Morris Way."
"You can say that again." With that, Donovan presumably let go of her radio, probably trying to apprehend Sherlock.
"John, don't say things like that. I need you with me. So long as you're safe, I don't care what happens to me; I don't care what happens to anyone, anyone but you. If you're safe, it's worth it."
He had a vaguely wistful look on his face. It suggested that he was tempted to surrender to Moriarty.
There was a gunshot, Donovan cursed, and she fired her gun twice. With that, all was quiet on her end apart from the distant panic of civilians.
"What good would that do? It wouldn't bring Sherlock back. No, I want to make Moriarty suffer for even putting this in motion."
"The way her throat was cut means it was cut with a jagged hunting knife, relatively new. She struggled, and it seems she was brought here in a vehicle. The blood on the walls here seems to be intentional; perhaps it's a cipher of some sort, but I can't make it out unless I really try." For what Sherlock usually said, this was strangely quick and to the point. He wasn't showing off so much, or perhaps he was right about his thoughts being clouded over.
"Oh, I hope I do too... But on the bright side, I'll be taking Sherlock with me when the time comes. I'm not going to Hell alone. Here's another picture~!"
"I really can't. A psychologist wouldn't understand my mind. I can't blame them for it; they're not trained to treat anyone like me. I'd be deemed mentally unwell even without all of this other stuff."
John gritted his teeth and ran over; hitting the guard in the back of the leg and over the head with his cane.
Donovan came back on the radio. "For someone so wounded, he's quick. He got away. I need back up, Inspector!"
"I think boredom will get the best of him at some point. Unless he wants to come after me, Sherlock was his only competition. The pride that comes with saying he beat the world's greatest detective will inevitably pass."
"Where on Earth will you find another like it? Oh, bother, that's not my concern. Now if you'll excuse me, dear brother, John and I need to continue our severely hindered investigation. Good day." He turned and began heading for the door, his hands shoved into the pockets of his flowing black coat.
Sherlock raised a brow, blatant in his disbelief, but he let it slide. "Well, if that's done, then let's get this over with." He turned to enter the subway, not knowing that if he went through with his idea, he'd end up shot.
"Why is he here? Is he a client?" The taller man casually turned his back on John and paced toward the fireplace.
"They're after me, Mycroft. I planted evidence against myself a little too obviously, and now I need to clear my name by finding the real man they should be after."
Sherlock looked in John's general direction and tried to weakly lift his right arm toward him, only to find this arm to be handcuffed to the bedframe.
When the nurse approached with the with sedative, Sherlock suddenly smacked it out of her hand. "NO!" He shouted. "Are you insane?! The last thing you are to do to someone in my condition is give them a sedative! Especially that much! With the amount you put in that needle, you could've put me in a coma!"
"Or I'll..." It was at this point that Sherlock realized he had nothing to continue this threat with, for he knew of exactly zero weaknesses of the man in front of him. "Or I'll... scream..."
Mycroft stopped for a moment, raised his head as if to say something, but decided instead to bite his tongue and leave.
"I know he wouldn't. I just can't convince anyone else of that. I'm just here to keep my job at this point."
', seeing as that was the word that had attracted John to live with him at Baker Street when they first met.
"But you recovered, as I thought you would." He glanced over at John's new wife. "And you married. In time, you'll probably have a family with her."
Sherlock stepped closer, still holding the knife. They had both made the mutual promise to protect each other no matter what, and he didn't want to break that promise, but he had been left terrified of John from his "discussion" with Magnussen.
"Live long, John." The Consulting Detective replied, trying to keep his voice steady. "Find yourself a companion to spend the rest of your life with."
The most he could hope for at this point was that Sherlock would wake up and still remember him. But even in the event of that sort of situation, Sherlock would be arrested and taken away from him regardless.
He hadn't really thought the day would come where he'd miss Sherlock's antics, like how he used to shoot holes in the walls.
"You and those idiots might need one another, but I only need two things." Sherlock mumbled as he turned his head away and looked out the window.
Moriarty raised his hands, which were handcuffed together, in a sort of shrug. "What can I say? I needed a way to talk to you."
Sherlock abruptly began mumbling again. He was, not unlike Lestrade had suggested earlier, making deductions of some sort almost under his breath, but they didn't make sense and almost seemed morbid in nature. By the look in his eyes, he didn't appear to be entirely present, lost in his broken mind palace.
"It isn't. I like it." Sherlock dialed the number, but very quickly after smiled and pulled the phone from his ear, dropping the call. He snickered a bit, bringing his hand to his mouth.
"Fine. I'll succumb to rest, but just this once." It was hard to tell, but it almost seemed like Sherlock was light-heartedly teasing when he said that.
"Oh, Sherlock, you want so dearly to be an idiot so that everyone will accept you... You don't have to be!
Since her return to Sherrinford their conversations had consisted of the plaintive notes of their respective violins.  She was an exceptional musician, able to entrance with the draw of her bow.  They would sit, him on one side of the bullet-proof glass, her facing him on the other, and play for hours, becoming reacquainted with each other.
Her eyes narrowed, as if what she had to say was difficult to understand, or possibly difficult for her to convey.  The resulting music was soft and yearning, romantic.  It was filled with want and need.
Mrs. Hudson, whose hip pain is bad enough that she's worried that she needs a hip replacement.  No stranger to recreational marijuana; it manages her pain quite well, actually.  Keeps her active, helps her attend her many social engagements, she tolerates it exceedingly well. In fact, she’d gone clay shooting in Windermere just two weekends ago. She'd told him that she was using it before he had even thought to deduce it. Unprecedented, that.
Oh, and let's not forget that she was behind everything Moriarty had done and, therefore, Sherlock jumping from the roof of St. Bart's.  Which gave his current state of mental health some sort of twisted symmetry, really.
Sherlock stood and turned his back to her.  Pinched his nose.  Stifled the roaring anger in his head.  Tried to clear the rush of blood that he heard in his ears.  Breathed.  He could feel her stare, her little grin.  Could feel the vicious glee in her triumph.
“I used Sherlock perhaps ten years ago when I was being extorted over some photos – the less said about that the better - but Sherlock found the people behind it and they are still in prison. Mycroft had a bit to do with that, we think," Tinsley explained.
It had happened before. More times than he could count, that exchange of looks, but before there had been a hint of self-loathing or sexual identity crisis or fear. There had been none of that this time. Instead, there had been fondness, and also a bit of an unanswered question. There had been a shift in resolve. It had been quiet and peaceful and like everything was as it should be.
John returned from the kitchen with Sherlock's tea, sitting across from him in his chair. As Sherlock stared at John in thought, John said with sadness in his eyes, “But of course you don't know. We've been here too many times before, haven't we? Best to just let it lie, I suppose.” He looked at the floor, ran his hand over the back of his neck, and looked back at Sherlock. “Still,” John said with unexpected reverence, “I hope that someday you do understand. It would be quite a thing to see a besotted Sherlock Holmes.”
Her smile fell from her lips, her pupils contracting as she watched the tip of John’s tongue skim over his lower lip.  The lovely blush reappeared.
She was smiling by the time she reached their booth. “You’ve got my pint, then,” she observed with her cultured American accent, and then, openly looking John up and down, extended her hand, smiled and said, “I wondered when we’d finally get the chance to talk, Dr. Watson.”
“You understand so much, Sherlock.  You can look at a person and know everything about them with just a glance.  Yet when it comes to your own mind you are completely lost.  You struggle with the most basic emotions.”
“Hospital people?” John huffed a laugh. “And, no, generally, they do not, Sherlock, unless a very important document is routed to another person at a totally different hospital for some unforeseen reason. Which also never happens.”
Something had shifted over the last few months between Sherlock and John.    To all outside observers they had appeared to fall into their old routine,  (with the addition of a beautiful baby).   When they were alone,  however,  quick glances had turned to small,  fond smiles,  which had turned to glancing brushes of fingers and longing looks at Sherlock's,  well,  his Everything,  but John seemed to be especially fond of his lips. John would glance at them and then,  like a Pavlovian response,  would bite his lower lip.   Or the tip of his tongue would peek out.   Or his mouth would fall open.  And then just as quickly,  John would school his features and they would both ignore what had just happened,  maintaining the fragile status quo,  frightened of what awaited on the fringe of it.
He was fascinated with her.  She terrified him.  He was terrified of her power, of her ability to bring so many worlds crashing down on a whim.  He was terrified of what she would do if he left her.
The furthest he’d gotten with her had been a quick exchange of ‘Good Morning’s’ as Sherlock and he had been running out of the morgue during a recent case.  In truth, Dr. Love wasn’t someone that he would normally consider chatting up; Sherlock was right (of course he was) in saying that he had a type – he always leaned toward the curvy, sarcastic blonds, the Tinsley Chesterton’s of the world.
Sherlock had tried to help, but because his grasp on human emotion is tenuous at best, he'd had very little clue of what to do.  He did locate the psychiatrist who would give John the Klonopin, because it was that or a mental hospital. Sherlock was adamant that he not get locked up.  That if Culverton Smith had taught the world anything, it's that hospitals aren't as safe as we'd like to think they are.
“Been over three months now, at least.  Got up the nerve during that case with the produce manager,”
After a moment, John was standing beside him, rocking back and forth on his feet, hands pushed into his trouser pockets, giving him one of his grins.
“I need –,“ he realized that he was whispering and that his whole body was shaking.  He took in a deep breath and modulated his breathing and spoke again, louder and with more authority. “Eurus, I need to know what you are trying to say to me.  I don’t want to guess this time.”
“Mmm.  Good men like him, providers, strong men who do always do the right thing, you can’t find much to criticize them for, can you?  They’re perfect for the Molly Hoopers of the world. But you, Heather, you want a man with a bit more command.  You want someone who will take you to the edge and keep you there until you can’t take it anymore and then hold you when you finally fall off.  Someone who will take command but make sure you’re well taken care of.  Someone, perhaps, who is just a little dark, a little dangerous.”
He looked him in the eyes.  He didn't use any of his Calculated Looks or Patented Vocal Techniques.   He simply answered,  "I said that I love you."
“If you lose him, you will be lost for good.  He is your light, Sherlock.  Your strength.  If you lose him, I lose you."
But John sees it,  of course he does. John's voice is gentle and he says,  "Hey,  don't leave me, Sherlock.   Stay right here with me."  And when Sherlock refocuses,  John says, "I have something to tell you and I need you here with me. "
Sherlock waited for the harsh buzz that signified that he should push open the door to the visitor’s intake at Sherrinford High Security Hospital for the Criminally Insane.  He removed his Belstaff and belt, opened the violin case, removed its contents and placed them in the waiting tray.  Removed his shoes and turned his trouser pockets inside out. Stepped through the metal detector, which would not go off as he was careful to not wear any metal other than the belt buckle, which was currently being scanned by the stern-faced prison matron in the x-ray machine.  Stepped to the side and put his arms out to the horizontally, spread his legs for the wand check.  On randomly chosen days he was subjected to a cavity search; it seemed today he would be spared that indignity as the prison matron signaled that he could pack up his violin case and proceed to check-in.
"You've used your lolly as a bookmark. The great Sherlock Holmes, deleting the appropriate uses of lollies. "
Mycroft put down his teacup on the awaiting saucer and stood, examining the mantle. “Could I offer you a piece of advice?”
“Well, when you started coming to the morgue with Sherlock, after your – you were in mourning.  You were jumpy and angry and not the John Watson that you’d been before.  Then one day it seemed that you’d mellowed out.  You were smiling.  Your back was straighter. And you have connections. Also, Sherlock let something slip about your little green friend when you were walking down the hall.  Doesn’t take a genius.”
Sherlock visited Eurus every other weekend as his case schedule permitted (Mycroft, and sometimes his parents, visited on the alternate weekends).  He was accompanied during his visits by the prison’s psychologist, whose name he had promptly deleted, and a random armed guard.  Eurus never spoke.  He hadn’t heard her voice since she had taken over the prison.  She had spoken openly with him at the estate, had spoken of the anger that she had felt in being usurped by Victor, the loneliness that she was unequipped to handle.  She remained unrepentant for all the deaths that lay in her wake.  She did not seem to understand the importance of them.
“You know, Sherlock, sometimes people just don't mesh. Sometimes, for reasons that we can never figure out, it just doesn't work. That spark isn't there, you know? But it was a step in a good direction. And I want to thank you for that.”
Yes, John and Rosie have moved into the flat.  Yes, John and Sherlock are still totally clueless about their feeling for each other.  Yes, John still insists he isn't gay - he's not ready to admit that he finds both men and women sexually attractive.
And then John says, "And I love you, Sherlock.  I killed a man for you the first day that I met you.  Even then the thought of not having you in my life was unbearable. I'd been so lost and then there you were,  the most mad,  brilliant, beautiful creature I'd ever seen. How could I ever go back to life without you in it?"
At that moment, they both heard Rosie jumping in her cot, making gurgled noises with her tongue on the monitor. John took a deep breath in and schooled his features, stood from his chair, and said, “Sound's like She-who-must-be-obeyed has woken up. I'll pop up after her, yeah?” Sherlock had nodded quickly, feeling slightly stunned, frozen in his spot.
“Perhaps you can explain to me why I shouldn’t be pissed off that Molly disclosed something like this to someone I hadn’t even met yet?” John challenged, the anger rising in his voice.
The wait was intolerable. All waiting was intolerable, but this was especially burdensome, even with Rosie's company and the anatomical figures that he had found to show her. She perhaps was a genius. She was only one, so any measure of intelligence at this point was unreliable, but she was exceedingly bright. She was fascinated with the inner ear, and really, who wasn't. The ear was fascinating, with it's bony architecture and tympanum and cochlear balance system. Rosie definitely understood everything that he was teaching her. She would be an otorhinolaryngology expert by the time she was three. He was certain of it.
He turned looking surprised and said, “Tinsley! Fancy running into you here! John and I, however, are in a bit of a rush -”
I just want you to know that if you re-read a chapter of this story, you might find a few words changed here or there, or a phrase inserted, or something corrected.  As I'm re-reading, I edit.  I try to limit how much editing that I do once published, but it seems to help me polish the story when I make it public.
John sighed and smiled eventually and said, “I have her number, Sherlock. She's quite lovely. I'm going to check my schedule and if all works out we are going to meet for dinner this Saturday. Are you happy?”
And the newspaper - well,  John had to have known that Sherlock would know exactly what was happening under there.  Not a calculated move on John's part,  but not one he was denying,  either.
Sherlock was still in the same position many hours later when John returned from his shift.  John said hello, told Sherlock that he was going feed Rosie and then they were both going down for a nap, that it had been a great shift, but he was worn out, and Sherlock heard none of it.  He was too busy solidifying his plan, lining up a queue of appropriate female acquaintances in the guest section of his mind palace.
He attempted to prop himself up. "J-John..." Trying to dismiss the pain he was in, he shakily took off his scarf and attempted to put pressure on John's wound to stop the bleeding.
"Not much... I hate to bring it up, but isn't Sherlock's brother part of the British Intel? We have a suspicious lack of information on this guy..."
Magnussen's hand again returned to Sherlock's, clamping onto it. The Consulting Detective tried to pull his hand away, but couldn't. "Let go," he ordered.
"It breaks my heart how even now, while he is so vulnerable, you would still keep up the facade." Moriarty said, feigned sadness in his voice. "Who do you trust more, Sherlock?"
"I did no such thing, John! I... I mean, how could I have? I was out looking for Magnussen this whole time!" However, even Sherlock seemed uncertain of himself. The texts had likely violated one of his deduction rules and were causing his mind to presume that he was in fact the true culprit, though he kept insisting that was false.
"Greatly appreciated, Magnussen. Nice doing business with you. Talk soon." Sherlock dropped the call.
"But when you listen to your heart over your brain, you're weak. Sherlock was weaker than I am; he had weaknesses. A lot of them. Most of them linking back to you." It seemed he could give as good as he could get.
Sherlock shrugged. "Surprisingly enough, I can't say those names mean anything to me." Looking back in the direction of the station for a moment, Sherlock paused once more before turning to face John.
"He did say, however, that if Sherlock wanted to leave of his own free will, it would be fair game... but rest assured that Magnussen will stop at nothing to twist Sherlock's mind into believing he is unable to leave. What we need is a way to prevent that from happening. Someone on the outside to keep him... well, alive."
Looking and sounding troubled and stressed, Sherlock replied, "No... No, John, n-... N-nothing's wrong. Go back to sleep."
"Sherlock never listens to anyone." Lestrade thought for a moment. "But, you know, he did inflict his own wounds upon himself, so..." He seemed very concerned now, as though it had occurred to him that perhaps Sherlock was suicidal at this point and had escaped to find a way to end it all.
John carefully took out a handkerchief and gently picked up the knife. "I think I found what caused Mrs. Hudson's wounds, Inspector."
"Are you upset because I didn't arrest Magnussen? Look, I'm not happy about it either, and if I can, I'm going to find a safe way to get him locked up."
On the answering machine, John was able to notice one strange difference; Sherlock referred to himself on it as "
"I wouldn't worry so much about Moriarty, Doctor Watson. His time of reckoning will come soon enough."
He balled his hands into fists, furrowed his brow, grit his teeth, and shut his eyes tightly; he was beginning to purge things from his mind just to make room for normal thinking. The way his brain worked was causing everything he had stored in his Mind Palace to come forward to be "re-sorted", but with nowhere to put any of it, he had no way of repressing any of it; purging all of it was a desperate measure he wouldn't normally take, but he felt he'd go mad if the thoughts didn't stop.
Sherlock thought more a moment. "What are we talking here? Beaten into disability? Into mental handicap? Into mental disorder? Into death?"
"Not a thing." He answered honestly. "But who cares! I just have to meet this cleverness-doppelganger who so desperately wants me." He seemed almost lovestruck by the idea.
Sherlock clutched his head. "This isn't real. It can't be. Get out of my head! The only explanation is that I'm going mad, and I'm
"Just... Just in general. And for the record, I do consider myself married to... Oh, I had a thought going and I suddenly lost it. Anyway, it doesn't matter." Sherlock said, briefly remembering his typical excuse about being married to his work before losing it again. "Let's just keep walking."
Sherlock broke it again. "Of all the things this case would lead to, doing this with you right now was at the very bottom of the list of what I expected." He said breathlessly.
The Consulting Detective stood upright, brushing himself off and adjusting his Belstaff coat nervously.
If he could somehow prove once and for all that Sherlock was the better of them, then maybe he could break something in Moriarty, or at least fluster him into revealing something.
Sherlock takes a shower, allowing the heat and the pounding water against his skin to beat away the tension. (He shuts his eyes and tries to will away the memory of John's fingers against his.) He staggers out of the shower and wipes the mist away from the mirror.  He stares for a moment at his own reflection, blinking water out of his eyelashes and trying to find his equanimity. It takes him a moment, and then the blankness in his face is studied and perfected.
“The fire started around 8.30 pm,” Hestia lectures, even as Mycroft is reading, “it’s not yet possible to be certain, but witnesses claim that they saw smoke on the third floor, by then the fire had already spread. Paradise Gardens is an old apartment complex, no sprinklers, fire cells, smoke detectors or fire extinguishers. The riots impeded the speedy arrival of the fire-teams.Consequently, the fire spread quickly. They are still struggling to control it, though one fireman reports that it is mostly about containing the blaze and stopping it from to the carpark.”
It turns out that there is an actual puzzle, consisting of thirty wooden animal pieces made to fit together in a square. A few animals have already been placed in the corners and Sam settles down on the floor, grabbing an elephant shaped piece. Sherlock isn’t quite certain what his role is meant to be, but standing makes him feel awkward (and tall) in a way he hasn’t felt since his first and only disastrous day at preschool.
“I wasn't more than a couple of blocks from the Union, when this man…I just remember thinking he's very tall and very, very angry.”
“He’s been an absolute lamb,” Mrs. Kettle assures him. “Now have a seat and I’ll make you some tea and a sandwich.”
His throat burns and his chest aches and he’s heaving for breath by the time he yanks open the door to interrogation room 6B.
"This isn´t the end of your life, Mister Watson. And it certainly isn´t the end of your medical career. You are quite likely to excel at it, or any other career you might chose to pursue."
“The… rest of it?” John asks. He’s gone absolutely stock-still against Sherlock, like he’s bracing himself.
“Technically you aren’t suppose to see the evidence,” DI Lestrade starts, but pauses when he sees John examining the bag containing the bottle of vitamin B supplements.
It’s easy (too easy, a voice warns) to spot Crawford’s tall figure as the man cuts across the lawn and makes his way back to main entry. Why is he going back inside? Is there some evidence in his apartment he’s planning on destroying? Is Crawford confident enough to keep incriminating evidences in his flat? (Probably).
Another cheer erupts from the group and John sees a clipboard being passed around. People eagerly sign their names.
Hestia purses her lips. “This is an obvious break in the pattern, which is why it is felt that a relocation is necessary."
Detective inspector Lestrade looks like he’s been conscripted to serve in John’s firing squad, his expression grim and despondent. John knows that he is too late, that they’ve identified his fingerprints at the crime scene, and they’ve talked to the witness who saw him arguing with Doctor Fenway. This is certainly going to complicate his explanation. He scrubs his hand over his face and straightens his posture; he wasn’t going to limp into this.
“I am determined. The government is determined,” the Prime Minister says in what many has termed her “headmistress” voice. “To see an end to these violence.”
“It’s ours, yes and his name is Samuel. And yes, we’re both alright. Now, you said something about an important announcement? Let’s go to your office.” Sherlock easily pries himself free from Lestrade’s grip and strides with confidence across the corridor to the DI’s office.
“I….I should stay?” He doesn’t mean it to be a question, but he doesn’t know what the right response is when your former flat mate, whom you tricked into believing was dead, has just introduced you to your son.
Judging from Ms. Alton’s vicious glare, it is exactly what she is insinuating. She smoothly paves over Donovan’s indignant huff with a list of legal precedents, bylaws and Sections curtailing the police’s right to what is, technically, her client’s property and their lack of a search warrant and how mr. Blithely is an innocent bystander in all this. Even before she reaches the end of her impressive monologue, Lestrade is raising his hands in surrender.
“No more than you,” DI Lestrade huffs, “there are only a few matters we need covered now, the rest can be sorted tomorrow.”
“It all seems in order,” John signs his name and slides the paper across the desk to DI Lestrade who slips it into a folder.
“So, Ann Lewis took her life out of guilt for getting involved with her sister’s boyfriend,” Anderson challenges.
“No. I stood in the door way. The technicians are still walking around in their space suits, like something out of a creepy science fiction horror movie,” Sally lowers her note book, her dark eyes meets Lestrade.
The woman is her early thirties with long unkempt hair and wearing shoes with such high heels, it should be impossible to run in them. Sally frowns. The woman is doing small, odd, jumps as she runs, leaping two steps right and then left, never repeating the pattern.
“Wrong again!” Sherlock cries. “You will test her headband and find a spot of Annabell Lewis’ blood there.”
"Please", John tries feebly. "Let me go." The pounding of his heart is fighting a losing battle with churning his stomach and he wonders how the man will react if John vomits on him. He´s not sure if the situation can get any worse.
“All done,” he tells Crawford whom looks up from the television long enough to give John and Molly the dismissive nod that serves as his gratitude.
“I’ve had the privilege of knowing many Alphas and Omegas, all of them unique individuals in their own way.” Doctor Fenway rises slowly and walks over to the row of filing cabinets. He lingers there, his hands clasped at the small of his back, balancing on the balls of his feet.
-John squeezes his eyes shut without even meaning to, tries to rein in these emotions pouring through him. Chemistry, he thinks desperately. This is neurochemistry, basic biology. Dopamine and oxygen and vasopressin and pheromones and testosterone and love, love love-
"If you sign up" Lydia continues, "and get deployed you´ll likely be sent to a combat zone, hundreds of miles away. How will you fare there? Can you kill somebody?"
John’s eyes grow impossibly large as if Sherlock has said something really unexpected, his fingers curling under Sherlock’s large hand, until they rest with their palm up and Sherlock can slot his fingers against his, tentative but warm.
“Thanks.” He raises the mug to her in a mock salute. He turns and catches the tail end of a newscast on the old television.
“Of course,” Sherlock replies slowly, and watches the slight twitch at the corner of Moriarty’s smile.
In one corner a young woman is sobbing hysterically into a handkerchief.  John places her age somewhere in the last years of her twenties though her ponytail makes her seem a lot younger.  Her shoulders are shaking and her voice is filled with snot and tears as she tries to tell something to the female constable who is idly patting her shoulder, though she looks unfamiliar with the practice of offering consolation. In another, identical, chair sits a pale-faced man with heavy rimmed glasses, his shoulders are slumped and he’s twisting his hands around his orange tie.
Predictably, the car follows him and eventually the door slams open and brings Sherlock to a jarring halt.
Toby and Sam hurry upstairs as quickly as their short legs can carry them. Inside, Sam stops only long enough to pull off his wellies and stuff his coat, scarf, and knitted jacket into John’s hands before hurrying towards his room. John puts his clothes away. He’s just shrugged out of his own jacket when a large, warm, frame has him corralled against the wall. John’s brain short-circuits and it takes it a while to reboot and register that he’s being kissed within an inch of his life.
So despite my nervous energy, I sat still and talked to Mrs. Hudson. She told me the latest gossip from her favorite store and her book club. I wasn't particularly interested, but it got my mind off of everything. For a while, that is. “So where will you boys be going?” she asked.
“I saw you put it on my grave. I’ve had it ever since. I had the others at one point, but Mycroft took them from where I hid them. This is the only one I have left.”
If she hadn’t made my brain short circuit, I would have easily figured that was not her intention. Molly is an intelligent woman that I have worked with for a while. I should have expected her to catch at least a few of my tricks.
“You’re mumbling,” he accused. He was smiling. He had his head down, but that was simply so he didn’t slip on the ice.
“Okay, I will.” I stared him directly in the eyes, getting uncomfortably close to his face. I watched with excitement as the blush started in his cheeks and spread to the rest of him.
“Do you really want to talk about this...now?” John asked, alarmed. He hasn’t come up with a good lie yet. Good. “Yes,” I said. “I do. Now why were you avoiding me?” I asked. He didn’t look at me. He didn’t say anything for a while. “It’s not that simple Sherlock. It’s complicated,” he started.
We made it home and we were faced with a new issue. Stairs. He looked at them and sighed. “I think I will sleep here tonight. I am not going up those stairs,” he sighed. He seemed a little testy with me. I guess one could understand that I had him get his arse kicked. He was also trying to protect me, which made me feel...hell I don’t know! Baby steps!
I decided to put the generic things everyone put in these. A mildly embarrassing story and wishes for them to live long, happy lives together. The words were empty, however. I didn’t want them together at all. I still wanted them to live long and happy, yes, just separate.
I spit it out. “Hot,” I said with a scalded tongue. John laughed hard at my pain. I gave him an evil eye. He tried to stop, but was struggling. “Not funny,” I said.
“No, it’s a promise of love and companionship,” he stated as though he was stating cold, hard facts.
He whipped around quickly. He had on one of my shirts and a pair of pajama pants on. He looked at me like I caught him doing something wrong.
It was my turn. Damn it. I stood up. I felt like I was shaking. Was I shaking? I didn’t know. I could hardly hear myself speak over the sound of my heart in my ears. I gave my speech and avoided the eyes of my audience. I looked out into the eyes of all the people in front of us instead. John and Mary were my audience. No one else mattered here. Not today. Not even me.
We shared a smile, and then I dashed on to the streets of London. I had plans for dinner. I wanted to get into the right mind set.
The first thought that crossed my mind was, ‘To write you a love letter’, but that would mean I would have to admit to myself that I was in love with him. I didn’t think I could handle that right now. I wished I wasn’t still in love with him. He had clearly moved on with his life. I needed to as well.
I looked in the mirror. I decided not to think of her now. I wasn’t going to think of my time away. I am definitely not going to think of Mycroft and his warnings. Tonight I am going to wear a suit. I am going to the place Sherlock made a reservation at. I am going to enjoy this date. And hopefully get a second one.
“Hello,” I said. I stuck my hands in my pockets. He looked great. I had fantasized about this for so long, but now that it was hare, I found myself completely at a loss for words. “We could still go dancing,” Sherlock said. “No, we can’t,” I told him. “Doctor says you have to take it easy.”
“Realize that I was breathing fine and that a man with a gun is more of an issue then a man without one. I would have been fine,” I said, as he studied his suddenly very interesting tea.
John’s version of soon could mean anything, but he was home. It was around the time we would normally get food. He’d more than likely get some before coming here. It was normal for us to “Hang out”, but he was coming here. In the pouring rain. To be with me. Only me. I was stupidly excited. It was embarrassing, but no one knew but me.
I was so happy. I had a great time. Janine was fun to dance with, despite the fact that she is a horrendous dancer. She was fun to talk to and be around. “If only you weren’t, whatever it is you are,” she had said. What was that supposed to mean?
“Molly!” I yelled. She stopped and turned to me. Her makeup made black rivers from her eyes. My heart broke for her.
He looked like he could have died. I reread it three more times, just to memorize it. I handed it back to him. “We can burn it,” I said. “You wrote that when I was gone. We never have to see them again.”
I happily took my rice and my fork to the den. I shivered a little as I entered. I turned up the gas on the fireplace.
“I told her that I did love her, but not in that way.” My heart hammered loudly. I felt my palms grow damp with sweat. Why was I panicking?
John was spread out in his chair. Rosie did not want to nap today. It was her first birthday today. We had a small party, but when she gets excited, she doesn’t want to nap.
That was how we spent our honeymoon. Bickering, loving, and catching a couple of killers. Fun time. I definitely have a space in my mind palace for it. Rosie has her own wing. I remember everything about her. I don’t want to forget a detail.
“Why would I?” I asked. Sometimes, I forget that John unintentionally broke my heart. I forgot that I was still hurt. I remembered now. Tears pricked the corners.
I was so happy for them that I locked myself in the bathroom and submerged myself in water so hot that my skin turned bright red as I ugly cried.
You could have heard a pin drop. I looked at him, wide eyed. He snapped his eyes up to me. “Well? Aren’t you going to say anything?” he said. He looked angry, but I knew better. “How can you look me in the eye and say that you find emotion disgusting then ask me what’s wrong?”
But John has already moved into my mind palace. The walls are covered in framed photos of memories I never want to forget. It was a slow progression that I didn’t understand. It was all consuming. The best way to describe the feeling is that it is like a fire. It slowly grew and if I didn’t keep it under control, it would burn me alive. Leave me in unbearable pain and scars that would never fade,
I licked my lips, straightened up in my chair and nodded. I took in a deep breath, and I told her all about it.
“Yes. Yes. Yes. A million times yes,” she squealed, throwing herself at him. The restaurant cheered. I had to hurry and leave.
I hate you. I am so mad. I still need you though. I will kill you, but to just be able to yell at you. For you to yell at me that you hate me. That I am irrational and that you never want to see me again, would be enough. I don’t need my happy ending of running off into the sunset together. I would be satisfied with you stabbing me in the back and leaving me for dead. Anything to have you back.
He smiled wickedly. “And apparently you like ass,” he said, as I gently elbowed him. “You can’t use that response every time,” I said.
He and Rosie moved in last month. We share a room now. I redecorated his old room for Rosie. Yellow color scheme. Happier. Gender neutral. I am not going to force gender norms on anyone, least especially a baby.
“I think I see it enough to know, John. Molly for example,” I said, not looking at him. I felt a deep blush that I hoped he didn’t notice. I have always blushed way too easily. Easy to flatter and to be made uncomfortable I guess. I was always teased for it growing up. I had thought that I grew out of it, but here I am again, blushing like an idiot. So humiliating.
“Fuck John, if I had bloody words to explain, don’t you think I would have used them by now?” I snapped.
I didn’t respond. I needed a few more moments to prepare. I didn’t want John to think anything was up. I wanted him to act naturally. It was the only way to get definite results.
He stopped. “Nothing, I just. Wow. Okay. Sherlock, is this your way of saying you reciprocate my feelings?” John asked. I nodded, seeing as that was the only thing I was able to do. I brought my knees to my chest and held them there, feeling suddenly self-connsious.
“It cannot be all that complicated. You just don’t want to tell me,” I said. He looked so desperate and guilty. “I am not angry, you must understand,” I said, hoping my voice was soft. “I want to know what I did. I know that I seem not to care, but in all honesty I tend not to notice when I offend someone. If I do something wrong, you have to tell me John, I won’t notice otherwise.”
With the plans set in stone, I suddenly felt a weird feeling in my stomach. I had to go somewhere to get my head together. I decided to go to the lab. I texted Molly and told her I was coming and grabbed my coat.
He gave a small smile and we rode in silence to the restaurant. I was surprised by how nice it was. It was the kind of place Sherlock hated. He was a man of habit, so the change was welcome but surprising, nonetheless. We were seated at a table with lit candles, very normal sort of romantic. I briefly wondered where Sherlock even heard of this place. He looked at me, waiting for something. That was when I realized that I remembered the place. We had stopped a murder from accuring there about a year or so ago.
We both locked eyes and burst into nervous and slightly embarrassed laughter. “We have been acting like teenagers, for no reason?” John laughed.
He looked up at me, and our eyes locked. Neither of us said anything. He opened and closed his mouth. He wanted to say something but couldn’t? If that makes sense, which it doesn’t.
“Well, how do I put this? You’ve been acting like a lost puppy,” she said. “Not only that, your head seems to be elsewhere. You haven’t bothered Lestraude about a case. You clearly are not sleeping,” she went on and on. “You’re snippy and in a bad mood most of the time. Is this all because of John possibly being upset with you?” she asked me.
John was right in his assumption that Sherlock would find the notion of this clandestine meeting both ridiculous and interesting at the same time. During the cab ride to the station, he’s calmly tapping away on his phone, but his knee, the one he’s got pressed against John’s, is thrumming with energy, not unlike Sam’s excited vibration in the zoo.
The world shifts around him, and then several things happen at once. There's the sound of glass breaking and John turns just in time to see somebody throwing a rock through a nearby window. There's a loud whoop, somebody cheers and then stars explode behind his eyes as pain flares across his scalp as something hits him and sends him tumbling forward. He feels a hand gripping his arm, probably to try and keep him on his feet, but ends up gently lowering him to the ground.
“Nothing,”Sherlock hisses, snatching the envelope away before Lestrade can even think about reading it.
“That’s…” He’s not sure how to end that sentence and is grateful that he doesn’t have to because his phone buzzes alive with a message. Phone. Work. He doesn’t have to talk anymore, he can do something he is good at instead.
Afterward he gives him a bath, because Sam has blueberry smeared over his ear, in his hair and somehow, even on his toes, and he knows the warm bath will make him sleepy.
It takes the taxi almost half an hour to reach St. Barts. He’s tried the unknown number, Sherlock’s phone, Lestrade and Mycroft. None of them is answering, and John knows that this kind of silence is a response in itself. An ugly, writhing feeling is blossoming in his chest.
"Let me go" John stammers, and tries to shuffle away, but he´s trapped between the brick wall and the titan trailing his nose into John´s hair.
Andrew rolls his eyes and flips through the channels until he finds an episode of Top Gear. "The way you wax on about the color of her eyes and the way her hair glows in the sun, the way she walks across the schoolyard- and you still didn´t even ask her out."
"I am afraid, Mister Watson that our society is not quite as egalitarian as we would wish it. The majority of Alphas are attracted to the military, to high-risk occupations. I fear that their competitive, dominant personality is drawn to the danger and violence often found with a military career. In fact, the occupation where you will the largest percentage of Alphas is in American mercenary companions who have more….lax view of acceptable levels of brutality." Fenway stops for a moment to polish his glasses.
“What is wrong?” Sherlock demands, crowding in on John. His voice is low and tight, but his eyes are wide and stormy. His scent is curling off him, thick, and heavy, and sweet; and John thinks it might be the most enticing perfume he’s ever smelled. Suddenly it’s difficult to breathe.
John can see some of the tension draining out him. Sherlock’s fingers slowly move across the table, wrapping around his phone, then go still, holding the phone in place.
"I was really scared for a moment. Then, this black shadow bounds out of the alley right in front of me. He crossed the street and ran off."
“Is that so.” Mycroft is using that overbearing tone of voice that suggests that Sherlock is unable to help John out of his current predicament with the Scotland Yard. As if Sherlock can’t…take care of John. Which is preposterous.
It eats away at Sherlock and it has rattled Mycroft to the extent that he basically told John to pack a bug-out-bag and head to the cottage if things became complicated.
Living with Sherlock takes some getting used to. Especially all the body parts in the fridge, the experiments strewn through the apartment and the violin serenades at three in the morning. John considers all this a stark upgrade from the nightly sounds at Paradise Gardens.
John thinks about the way Doctor Fenway was murdered, the bruises, the restraint and the bullets that missed him.
"Hmhm, you´re not even marked. How could anyone let you wander around unchaperoned?" The man drawls, trailing a finger along the exposed expanse of his neck. "You smell delicious." He smacks his lips in pleasure.
“This is ridiculous,” Sherlock scoffs, “the man we need is right there. He’s the key to solving everything. If we don’t bring him in, he’s probably going to end up like the rest of the Support Circle. Dead. And then we’ll have nothing.”
The credit for Christmas tree math goes to the Sheffield University Maths Society: https://www.shef.ac.uk/news/nr/debenhams-christmas-tree-formula-1.227810
It’s not even 3 pm, but there is an unusually large gathering of people hanging around in the courtyard and milling in the parking lot.  The crowd consists mostly of teenagers, clad in worn shoes and thin jacket, ill-suited for the January chill. Some are smoking while others are moving to the beat drumming out from the speakers of a large, red, vehicle.  There’s restlessness to the crowd, John notices, shown in the way they shuffle their feet and check their phones. As if they are waiting for something to happen. In the distance he sees the flickering of blue lights as a police car slowly circles the area, coming to a halt just outside the parking lot.
“Lorry driver says she was already on the ground,” Sally points out, “if you want to take your own life, there are better, more….efficient ways.”
"You´re an Omega. You´re a few days away from your Heat. Shit, I could smell you from a block away."
He drapes himself over Sherlock’s body and weeps into the collar of his jacket, even as he can feel the hands trying to drag him away. But John will not let go, he presses close to the Alpha, trying to transfer some of his heat, some his life- into the slowly cooling body below him.
“I can help you with your situation,” the constable reaches out and wraps his fingers around John’s wrist.
Five weeks ago the home secretary opened a state-of-the-art forensic mortuary in Westminster. Molly had been looking forward to the opening for months, going on about all the new and fantastic equipment that purchased for the mortuary.
John can’t hide his surprise fast enough to keep it from reaching his face and Moriarty catches his gaze and winks. He swivels the gun towards John, “come now, Johnny, be a good lad and take a seat. There´s a cup of tea for you as well.”
John buys himself some time to formulate an answer by picking up the abandoned pieces of Sam’s toast. The child is still distrustful of the singed bits.
“It is 13: 25 and sergeant Donovan is leaving the interview room,” Sally says before pushing her chair back and slipping quietly through the door. They sit in silence until she returns, Lestrade with his hands clasped calmly in his lap, ms. Alton with steepled fingers and a sneer. Edward Blithely has loosened his tie and pushed his chair further away from the table.
Sherlock can admit that John had changed him on levels he was not quite willing to investigate in depth. As for his own influence on John, the evidence had been obvious from the moment John forgot his cane at Angelo’s restaurant.
“There is two of everything in that flat.  Two of every poster, two of every book, two of every DVD, the cups are similar, the bedspreads are similar, even the clothes and shoes are similar.  These two twins grew up doing everything exactly the same, liking the same boy bands and movie stars, dressing the same, eating the same - and recently falling for the same guy.  The only thing that is unique in the flat is the tracksuit Annabell Lewis is wearing. That is new, probably even bought today. The pants, the t-shirt, the jacket, the shoes; they’re all the latest model, everything matching in colors and fashion, even the headband.  Annabell Lewis needed to make both her sister and Toby Henricks believe that she would not be at home that evening to create an alibi.”
