Thank you to all of you beautiful people who are reading this, I appreciate your support and I really hope this brings a smile to your lips in this hard period we are all going through. I totally have that in mind when I am writing this, and I don't mind making our boys a little bit too gooey and hopeful, because that's what this fic is about, a happy, warm place to forget about all the non-hopeful and non-gooey that is going on out there :)
Just like that, the president disappears from the screen as he is not taking any questions, and Tony stares at Bret Baier moving his lips without really hearing his voice. He then turns to Steve, doing his best to keep his mouth from hanging open and spends the next few seconds staring at Steve as he scrolls through the channels, trying to figure out what on earth just happened and why, until Steve plays some 30s playlist on YouTube and finally turns to Tony. He doesn’t look surprised though, Tony thinks, but he seems happy and he is slightly blushing but Tony doesn’t get a chance to wonder why. Steve is looking at him with a sparkle in his eyes and he is smiling with his whole face as he wraps his hands around Tony’s to pull him close, and the next thing Tony knows, he is, well, sitting on Steve’s lap. Casually.
Steve’s neck-deep in the report he has to present in the meeting with Admiral Fury tomorrow. His dinner’s gone cold hours ago on the small table by the door and he’s going through his fifth round of data when a familiar voice breaks the silence of the Captain’s Ready Room.
“I’m such a loser,” Tony says in a small voice, “to call you, a complete stranger I spent a night on his couch - fully clothed - to come save me from my own mess.” And he trails off, pointing around, before going back to playing with his thumbs.
It’s the new normal. It’s how Tony is.
Also, as usual, we are discussing COVID-19 pandemic without mentioning the name, so if you don't want to be exposed to that topic, please take care of yourself and don't read this one.
“I dare you to tolerate my tongue-writing while figuring out the message. Now, lay back, lover.” He pushes lightly, and Tony goes with ease, still confused about the daring aspect of the deal, as if either of those could be the slightest hardship.
Steve then dropped by the kitchen to help Ms. Brown wash the remaining dishes, but did not dare to tell her that he would be leaving any day now. He didn’t need to listen to another ‘just talk to him, dear’ speech from her, as well-meaning as they all were. 'It’s not something a talk can fix, Ms. Brown', he replied in his head as he wiped his hands with a towel and hung it on the back of a chair to dry.
He turns to Captain Rogers, who’s watching Mr. Murdock with wide eyes, one hand frozen in the air with his half-eaten, god-knows-how-manyth granola bar. “So you’re telling me that his best option is not going to court?”
Steve shifts on his feet and rubs the back of his neck. Tony wonders how slowly he should walk toward Steve, not to be threatening or making him uncomfortable.
“Not entirely. The detective tracked his friends and neighbors in Melbourne and let them know that Stark Industries is looking for him. Mr. Barnes returned to Melbourne and caught up with some of those people and finally contacted Ms. Potts in person,” Tony sighed and finally turned to Steve, studying his face as he read the few words on the page. He did not know what he was hoping to see. He did not know what he was hoping would happen.
Unfamiliar voices are worried about him. Someone shouts something about hospitals and someone else shouts back about alpha consent. Overwhelming distressed scents fill his nose trails and he wants to open his eyes and say that he is okay before he goes into complete darkness again but he is just unable to. He can’t hear anything. He can’t feel anything. He is there but he is not at the same time and he wonders if this is it; if this is the end.
To at least try.
But theories can be wrong, right?
“Can’t we up the speed a notch to catch up? I thought we had the most capable engines in the Federation on Avenger.” Commander Barton drags his elbows off his console. “If we can’t reach them, no other ship can either. They are out of luck.”
Steve is not around.
The city is still asleep.
Tony blinks and vague colors turn into Captain Rogers’s big blue eyes, filled with something that Tony can’t remember the name of. The lines of his face detangle and open up into a smile, and the scent of freshly baked bread fills Tony’s nose as the bed becomes solid under him and the world stops rocking back and forth.
(See the end of the chapter for
It’s almost midnight when he finally slams his laptop shut and kicks away the blanket.
“Thank you, Lieutenant.” Steve nods and lays his head back on the pillow. Getting assigned to command
“Tony,” he says and he stretches his hand out. Steve manages to grab the hand and shake it, and mumble something which, thank God, sounds very much like his own name. The guy, Tony, brings his other hand forward, holds on to Steve’s hand with both of his own, and smiles again. “Nice to meet you, Steve,” and Steve’s heart starts to race in his chest.
and I--”
Tony leans in for a kiss, as he clasps his gauntlets behind Steve’s back, his lips burning through Steve’s mask all the way down to his heart and the sensation of having Tony and Iron Man wrapped around him makes Steve’s heart swoon and do a flip in his chest.
He walks the path between his bedroom and Tony’s, and knocks on the open door. His heart beats fast, faster than it ever has maybe, and he forgets to breathe in the few seconds it takes for Tony to get off the phone and turn to Steve.
distracted with a soft sleepy voice echoing in his brain and saying words that are not meant for him and it hurts only a little bit to be jealous of yourself because at least it’s not someone else. It’s okay, it’s cool. It’s just complicated.
” someone said. “
“Did you hear me asking for your suggestion?” the alpha cuts in. “I don’t want you to suggest shit here, just do what you’ve been paid to do.”
“$150k. Yes, I know that but you wouldn't have to spend this much money if it wasn’t for me. This-” Steve sways his finger between them “-this has nothing to do with me. It’s your money and your connections, I just happened to be standing there in the corner.” And he sighs as he goes back to rubbing the back of his neck.
Steve’s the greatest guy in the world, of course, who supposedly loves Tony and Tony knows, in theory, that Steve will be understanding if Tony makes a mess and gracious enough to hold back his angry strokes even if Tony’s whining happens to ruin everything.
like that time in Malibu police station. His fingers still go cold at the thought, his spine prickling in terror, but he can count the small apple pie prints on the mug to calm his nerves and drink a little more of the hot chocolate to warm up his shuddering inside, because he can’t fall apart.
He comes back to the atomic world in Steve’s arms, still sitting on the desk. He is warm and free and-- he stumbles on this one a bit. It might be the remainder of the orgasmic haze or the simple fact that he hasn’t felt perfectly safe like this for so long. Or ever.
It’s too late. Tony’s not anywhere. Not at the bar, not talking to his besties from IT. He’s said goodbye to Nat and Bruce after grabbing his backpack from under their feet and has left.
grabing the drawing, Steve doesn't try to clean up the charcoal and the color pencil dust from his face and hands. What feels right, might end up being the right thing to do. It might also not end up that way, but Steve will never know if he doesn’t walk this path.
He thinks about the Christmas party last year, where he had restrained a horribly drunk department director who wouldn’t stop bothering a couple of omegas from IT, and the general staff meeting a couple of months ago that he had ended up in a shouting match with Colonel Philips in front of 90% of the employees when he had refused to listen to reason about field overtime payments.
Tony nods anyway and manages to put up a smile, or what he hopes looks like one because Steve’s obviously struggling and he doesn’t deserve to be left hanging like this. He deserves the world as far as Tony’s concerned and it’s not like Tony doesn’t want to say something positive or be more optimistic; it’s just that he can’t. He absolutely can’t.
“No, it’s okay, it’s really nothing. I can do this all day, I just—”
He took another deep breath and turned the doorknob. As the rational, sane part of Tony had expected, Steve was
He’s breathtaking.
“Good. I am so happy about that. But please, can you just take one and not give one back? Once?”
This is an ending to something Steve can’t name; the beginning of something Steve can’t even imagine. Like a blank sheet of paper, and the most exquisite idea, blending together to create an eternal masterpiece, the gratifying flood that takes away years worth of debris and wreckage and leaves Steve behind in Tony’s arm, as they become one, the tears that tangle with smiles, as Tony leans in and brings their lips together. Colors explode into rainbows and the words turn into songs as they pant and shake together as they come, holding on to each other so tight, that nothing could break them apart.
knowledge of modern art he has acquired from eye balling the auction catalogues his curators send him.
Steve certainly remembers. Along with every single slide of Dr. Stark’s fingers, in and out, and how stunning it felt although it shouldn’t have, right before the squelch of his fingers pulling out; he remembers that nothing should hurt, that Dr. Stark doesn’t want him to be in pain at all, or something along those lines, so he nods and maybe makes some noises too, but he can’t be quite sure about anything at this stage.
The hair on Steve’s neck stands on end and he breathes in. “The
It was fine. This was the plan, what Steve had wanted from the beginning, to get out of this hell. This was exactly what Tony wanted for Steve; to be free, to be well, to be happy.
“Not if you don’t want to. But why? You don’t have to sweetheart, I don’t want you to push yourself into anything for me.” Tony runs his thumb on the sides of Steve’s face and something presses at his heart when Steve closes his eyes and leans into his touch.
Tony smiles and takes a deep breath, trying to focus on
Dr. Stark is leaning against the wall right before Steve’s eyes, tapping on his tablet, and, well, he’s still absolutely beautiful. He has a nice smile, adorable curious eyes, a lively vibe, a buzzing upbeat feeling about him, and perfect lips that Steve still wants to kiss so much. He is probably writing Mr. Steven Grant’s report, and that’s a horrible fake name, but Steve had come up with it when a quarter of his brain was operational at best, and he could always do worse, like writing his actual full name on the admission papers.
“I couldn’t fall asleep after I woke up. Ironic, I guess, like my body had decided it had slept long enough for the better part of a century and it needed no more. Nothing worked. Nothing helped. Not even a whole bottle of pills crushed in a glass of water could put me to sleep. I was walking in a nightmare, wide awake, day and night, but hey it was okay, right? Because my body can survive without sleep. The serum takes care of everything. Who cares if the serum can’t fix the hollow feeling in my chest? Or the dread that starts to pool in my gut as soon as it starts to get dark when the only thing to do is drowning in the ocean of the images I’m desperate to forget?” Steve rubs his eyes and scratches his head as the lightning hits and the thunder booms. He opens and closes his mouth a few times, to grasp his thoughts, and the image of Steve downing a glass of cloudy water and yet living in one long-winded insomnia feels like a hand pressing Tony’s throat.
Tony hates magic in general. Things science can’t explain, all the supernatural concepts that feed upon people’s fear of the unknown but what he has had with this blushing nervous beefcake these past few days has no scientific explanation as much as Tony has tried to come up with one, and he has to resort to magic here. Dark, black, Voldemort stuff though, because why on earth has it happened if it’s not going to be for real? Why would Tony be so fucking gone for Steve if Steve doesn’t feel the same? If this is all a magical Disney princess movie, they are supposed to fall for each other, right?
Hazy and lightheaded, Tony does his best to cooperate as Nat pulls a shirt over his head and a pair of pants up his thighs. “Blue does look good on you,” she says, fastens the shirt’s lapel button and takes a step back. “It shouldn’t be a surprise, right? People pay millions to buy Steve’s taste in color combination on the canvas, so of course if he says soft blue shirt and navy jeans, that
He opens the top drawer of the desk and stares at a framed piece of sandwich wrapping paper with Steve’s first ‘I love you’ note written on it, right next to the fluffy Iron Man socks that used to keep Steve’s toes warm on cold winter nights. Grabbing a sketchbook from the neat stack in the second drawer, Steve browses through the pages and runs his fingers on the wrinkled lines here and there. Something’s spilled on them, perhaps, like the golden liquid in the half-empty Macallan 18 bottle that Steve had found in the bottom drawer. Or tears. Tony’s tears. Not that Steve deserves a single drop. Not that he doesn’t wish every second of every hour to be able to go back in time and uncry those tears.
And he knows what he needs to do next. He is certain. He is ready.
This is not how Tony had expected Steve to approach ‘doing a scene’. It’s never been like this for Tony with anyone, no matter how experienced they were or how much they presumably were in love. Nothing like Ty, thank God, with everything he did that made Tony promise himself to never even think about a collar.
Tony lifts Steve’s head from his chest and looks into his eyes as he pushes a strand of hair behind Steve’s ear. A jolt of electricity runs through Steve’s body and his heart rattles in his chest. This is not right. Instead of caressing Steve’s cheek, Tony should slap Steve’s face, he should punch Steve’s nose. He was stranded in the dark, out of food, out of air, and yet, he is stronger than Steve who’s crumbling in his arms. He can hold Steve together, literally, and he can even smile, and God, oh God, Tony’s smile is all Steve’s wanted to see every time he’s let himself think about Tony in the past two years. It warms Steve’s skin. It warms Steve’s heart—little by little, slowly but surely.
And the three of them laugh as if the fact that Tony likes blueberries is now an inside joke.
Standing in front of the closet mirror, he puts on the white tie Ty has left out for him and smiles at the fact that he does not hate this cream suit. Well he does, but not as much as the fucking beige one he had to wear at the Art Production Fund Gala two weeks ago. He puts his cufflinks on, shoves the pocket square in his front pocket, and thinks about the navy blue suit hung in the closet in the master bedroom of Malibu house. He thinks about the way he would look wearing the suit, the blue shirt that got ruined in that incident
“No, but you were always a jerk back, with a grand comeback, and we would end up in… you know… the closet. That night though, it was a whole other kind of rage. It wasn’t funny or a turn on, I wanted to fucking kill the guy. He was touching you, and you were smiling at him and you said you’d call him and I lost it.”
He’s not nervous - well, not
on Tumblr, come talk to me :)
” Steve winks too, and Tony’s heart flutters in his chest. He would love to play a round of quirks of quenching with Steve, or a thousand rounds, it is obviously a super cool game if Steve suggests it, but Camelot? Now
“It’s very generous of you, Tony, but I can’t possibly accept it. I'm sure it costs a fortune to stay here for two weeks and I won’t be comfortable knowing that much money’s spent on my accommodation, either way,”
No matter how much he wants to scream with the slow but steady stretch of his rim as Dr. Stark adds a second finger, the unbearable embarrassment of the precome covering his balls and making a pool on the table, Dr. Stark's fingers pushing in and pulling out, the shreds of pleasure stabbing into his core with every stroke, and the red-hot guilt that comes after every shiver, just for a second, before the next blaze of pleasure takes him all over. He doesn't have to do anything. He can just lie back, breathe, glance at the lines on Dr. Stark’s face which make it so easy to trust him, and hold still.
“I think we should get some sleep. You take the row of seats and I’ll crash on the pilot chair. It’s been a long day- well it’s definitely been more than an earth day since we last woke up. Provided you slept at all the night before, which statistically, is unlikely.”
“Yes, Steve, he will be making his way here soon. It’s over. He is coming for you.” Tony tried to sound indifferent, but his voice became a little hoarse at the end. He smiled to cover the roughness as Steve raised his eyes from the paper, but tears had already started pricking Tony’s eyes. It
are Iron Man?”
Steve’s waiting.
“I’m sorry,” Tony says from somewhere, and Steve has to sweep around the living room to find him. “The place is a mess, and I am the biggest mess in human history.”
Steve holds out a slice of pizza and, instead of taking the thing with his hand, Tony takes a bite. Steve’s mouth goes dry all of a sudden, and the wave of satisfaction that runs him over makes his head spin a little. Something peaceful takes the place of Steve’s day-long restlessness, bit by bit, and breathing gets easier slowly, as Tony eats the next two slices of pizza the same way, taking bites instead of taking them with his hand.
“I want to. I haven't done this before but-- I’ll be careful, I promise. I’ll do my best.” And for the love of God, he looks so sincere that it melts Tony’s heart like a roasted marshmallow.
Safe, held tight in Tony’s hands, washed with pleasure and thrumming with anticipation, open, loose, and ready.
Thank you for reading and I hope you enjoyed it.
Tony licks his bottom lip and tilts his head to the side. “To make you mine,” he says, his voice suddenly hoarse and the fire alight in the pit of Steve’s stomach sets his whole body ablaze.
He can’t do this anymore, and wants to continue forever. He wants it to be over right now and yet he wants to hold on to the lightning that’s stirring inside for the whole of eternity.
“You suggested we play a game, sweetheart.” Tony winks at Steve, as he brushes a finger over Steve’s bottom lip, and he can’t tell which is more of a turn-on; the way Steve closes his eyes from the touch, or that his tongue touches the tip of Tony’s finger. “I just need a brain break, Steve, help a friend out here,” he rasps, not as playful as he planned to.
They both laugh this time, and things seem pretty promising for the first hour of their now mutual self-isolation.
am brainless?”
Steve’s body is burning with desire as Tony cups the back of his head to pull him in, and he starts trembling as Tony wraps his other hand around his waist to keep him close. They kiss, lips, tongues, and teeth, and Steve knows that he is being horrible and clumsy, but Tony doesn’t seem to care at all. He tightens his hold on Steve’s nape as soon as he breaks away and pulls Steve back into another wet and sloppy yet more breathtakingly amazing kiss.
It’s fire. It’s rain. It’s an earthquake rattling Steve’s body, a volcano erupting and spilling all over. Tony groans and pauses for a second, and Steve’s grateful and disappointed at the same time. He needs a second - or an eternity - to get used to the storm beating in his chest and roaring in his ears, but he wants more, much more; he wants it all and he wants it right now. He whimpers, cries and screams as Tony starts to move, his words slipping over Steve’s skin, meaningless but comforting. Tony pulls all the way out, until he’s only barely inside, and Steve’s mind goes blank, with the burn and stretch that melt into a pool of pleasure as Tony pushes right back in.
It's just so hard to write this fic and honestly if it wasn't for the asks and comments and all the enthusiasm I got from you lovely people I would have given up on this long long ago.
“I love you,” Steve says before he gets a chance to change his mind. The worst has passed, and they’re both alive, there is still time and even if Tony doesn’t love him back he will at least know the truth. “I love you so fucking much, I love your eyes, and your lips, and your stupid perfect hair that looks good all the time, even right now, or when I’ve just… you know…” and he gestures between them, overcome with something that’s probably shyness so unexpectedly.
That’s it for cool and casual, Tony tells himself as he gets off his chair and does his best to not run, just walk. “It has everything to do with you, Steve,” he whispers as he lays his head on Steve’s chest forgetting why he is holding Steve altogether, for a second at least, because Steve brings up his free hand and presses Tony to himself. “And a househusband without an apron? Pffft. Definitely not.”
And Steve holds on to that shred when they go to Thanos’s garden. He digs his fingers into its invisible tiny threads, refusing to believe that the stones are gone for good, and ties it into little imaginary butterfly knots to keep from bending in half when the splash of Thanos's blood paints a red line on the wall.
“Look at my abundance of happiness and joy. He is exactly what I want. Everything I ever wanted.” Ty reaches for Tony’s hand on the table and kisses it. Tony’s heart is actually racing now; every word making his heart beat a little faster.
He closes his eyes, with his chin brushing against Tony’s hair, as Tony pulls the covers over them and falls into a dreamless deep sleep.
“That video is only two minutes forty-five seconds. I’ve watched it countless times since that day, but back then it took hours and hours for the breathtaking suit to sway across the sky before it disappeared. Something changed, something moved. Something melted in my heart. I started to feel warm again and stopped shaking and my teeth stopped chattering. Just like that, like a magic spell, I wasn’t terrified anymore.”
Steve sits at the coffee table to draw the skyline on the west side of the hotel but he ends up scribbling swirling circles that he just does not want to look at. He looks under the coffee table and grabs a bunch of magazines that are probably very expensive and significant culturally, but skimming through, Steve can’t seem to find anything interesting. He is an inch away from generalizing rich people to be tasteless and boring when he finally gets to a special issue of TIME magazine. He takes one look at the cover and all the uneasiness and boredom melts away like snow in April sunshine.
Tony blinks and watches the way a bit of color returns to Captain Rogers' face as he comes closer to take a look at the device. Fear and pain are blended in his eyes as he looks at Tony and he doesn’t even bother to fake a smile before he looks away.
We are almost there people, almost!! A little bit more to go only, and I am so excited!!! Let's do this!!!!
The bar is filled with music and happy noises. Steve grabs a beer from the bar and ignores Fury’s questioning looks from across the bar and bumps into two dozen drunk colleagues before he finally finds Nat and Bruce giggling at a booth in the corner.
Tony’s lips brush against Steve’s face and his cheeks tingle from the touch. “So you’re saying that was the only time you were a jerk?”
I read S_Hylor's
Please let me know what you think, all comments are highly appreciated.
He will probably be gentle with Tony. He might even try to have a few words with Ty, seeing if he can forgive Tony or be easier on him. He will understand though. He has been there in that dining room with them when Tony has disrespected his alpha
you did not follow my direct orders Stark,” Steve yells right back, “and in case you didn't know,
We are still discussing the pandemic of the COVID-19 (although I have not mentioned the name so far) so please take care of yourself and don't read this fic if you don't want to be exposed to it.
“I’m healthy and I’ve not been experiencing any symptoms. I need to reassure shareholders and the public that everything is under control-- well, as much as possible in the current situation, but I need to reassure you that my self-isolation has no effect on SI, in any capacity.”
“Look, I appreciate your old-fashioned alpha thing going on, but you take a boy on a date this big to propose or something. You don’t start with it, because how are you gonna top this?” he mocks playfully as he stirs his spoon in the bowl of ridiculously expensive soup that Steve had insisted three times that he order before he’d agreed.
“At least the pancakes are good.” Tony winks, and something goes loose in Steve’s belly. “There is always a silver lining, right? I could’ve woken up with ‘Ty’s Bitch’ on my fucking neck, and I tell you this, the guy can’t cook shit if his life depends on it."
tumblr post :)
Bad? Embarrassing? What is he talking about?
It feels like licking an exposed wire.
His work is done.
As always thank you so much to fiftyshadesofstony and JehBeeEh for beta and all the nice words, guys I could not have come this far without youuuuu!!!!!!
Tony turns toward Steve yelling from the top of his lungs, and a comical mix of shock and relief washes over him visibly.
“No, but I want to. He thinks he can bully you like this? I’d gladly wipe the floor with my good coat to prove him wrong. I
But Captain Rogers does not steer the wheel. He still looks furious and smells off but he doesn’t do a U-turn. He doesn’t say a word, doesn’t even look at Tony in the mirror, but he is not driving back to the house. Tony’s heart starts beating,so  fast that his chest almost hurts with it. He has been on this road less than a handful of times and he is not sure if there is a better turning spot just ahead but he can’t see anything. He contemplates asking a fucking question, a smiple
though. He brings the glass up to Tony’s lips and his eyes are still pained and distressed but he is not looking gray anymore.
“I love you,” Tony whispered against Steve’s lips, wishing he could keep his lips there forever. “Unlike you being around and driving me mad with mistreating your body and working too much, you leaving would be a burden I wouldn’t be able to carry.” He cradled the back of Steve’s head and brought their foreheads together. “You’d be taking my heart with you, bleeding all over your hands, and that was before I knew how it feels to kiss your perfect, smart mouth. I’d still let you go though, and die slowly with a hole where my heart once used to be if that was what you wanted.”
“You’re bleeding,” Tony says softly, “does it hurt?”
Steve cries and shudders as Tony pushes his third finger in and loses track of every single thought left in him. There is only Tony, and the thrumming sensation ripping through Steve’s chest as he moves his fingers and opens them wide, the stretch, the burn, the impossible flow of senses wrapping around Steve and breaking him apart.
Tony kisses and licks, moaning as his tongue delves in, tasting Steve’s body, and Steve cries out loud when Tony’s fingers replace his tongue, out of nowhere, replaced by his tongue and back to fingers, before Steve can register either, so many times that he loses count, loses control, and stops trying to hold on altogether.
“I haven't had any health issues since the new meds, which is six years now.” Federations medicine works wonders and since they’ve been rehomed to New Earth no one Steve knows has died from simple things that killed people all the time back in New Brooklyn. No one goes hungry. No one suffocates without oxygen. Life is different; Steve’s grateful. What’s fixable is now fixed. The twenty-five-year-long star storm that had isolated New Brooklyn was no one’s fault. Steve’s Ma dying from an epidemic with no medical help is part of the past.
“But if this works, and it will, I have no doubt, then you’ll be free to work with that team of lawyers that I’ll hire to get you out for good. It’s all I’m trying to do, just give you a fighting chance.”
Thank you to fiftyshadesofstony, and JehBeeEh for beta, guys you make my work readable and I really really appreciate your help <3<3<3
A burning current runs through his core and spills into his ears, as his hands go cold and his toes feel numb. This is not chit-chatting for God’s sake, he thinks to himself as he slams the half-drunk bottle on the table. Nat holds his arm, and Steve hesitates for a second, but the large hands of Ty Stone from Intelligence on Tony’s small shoulders feel like someone pressing on Steve’s throat. He breathes in and out to try and calm down as he walks through the crowd and up the stairs and stops to count to 10, despite the urge to jump right on top of the alpha. Well, count to 6 to be exact, because the plastered smile on Tony’s face is too much to take any longer.
uncomfortable.”
They’re all too dumb, and Ty’s just too arrogant, to acknowledge that there are no elaborate plots going on; to admit that Captain Rogers’s Camaro is the only vehicle that left the house last night and as much as it might hurt Ty’s ego and the company’s image, Tony being here at this kitchen table is the only logical answer to the mystery they’re desperate to solve.
He stands at the foot of the bed and watches Steve for a moment. The anticipation of what’s coming next makes the butterflies fly again in Steve’s stomach and the way Tony seems to be admiring the sweaty flushed mess Steve must be right now, builds more heat low in his belly. He is warm and dizzy and buzzing with want without the tiniest shred of doubt about doing this. He is not even nervous, although he always thought he would be when he finally does it, but now…he feels right. He feels safe.
He looks up, slowly, half hoping that it’s Tony, half hoping that it’s not. It is Tony Stark, though, in flesh, not the one from each and every one of Steve’s dreams, whenever he manages to go to sleep.
This took really long to come but it's double the usual word count, so I hope you enjoy it!
“What are you talking about? We have plenty of water here, and rescue’s gonna be here very soon.” Steve doesn’t sound reassuring, even to himself.
is something to be worried about.”
Tony seems to have no options here, except for believing that Steve actually means what he is saying; that he actually doesn’t want anything back. It’s a gesture, a token, something oddly in context, and so precious. For once he can just have and not worry about anything else.
The last thing he wants in this world is to throw up - and ruin Captain Rogers’s front seat like the back - so he closes his eyes and tries to listen to the blend of emotions in the artist’s voice at least for a few seconds. The concept of freedom, as familiar as it must be for this 200 lbs of alpha perfection, is so distant for Tony - who hates himself for not daring to touch the stupid window crank handle - that he never even allows himself to dream of it. He just can’t think about a shadow of it without getting worked up, and he needs a minute, or a few before he can open his eyes, and his mouth to ask any questions.
Tony turned back slowly, unsure how long Jarvis had been studying him. He sighed and took the teacup from the lined tray and smiled at Jarvis’s tireless efforts to maintain a certain level of luxury in Tony’s life in a three-room head residence on a military base during their extended stay. He took a biscuit from the neat stack and sighed again as Jarvis sat next to him on the edge of the deck.
******End of spoilers*****
is going on this mission?
He is just... happy.
And his front, as he turns to smile at Steve, and walk to the couch to grab Steve’s pants that have started buzzing again. He ruffles Steve’s hair absentmindedly after he drops the pants on Steve’s lap and turns back to the window, making butterflies flutter in Steve’s stomach, as usual. Steve fishes his phone out of his pocket, and his heart drops because he has 22 missed calls, 14 messages, and five voicemails.
Tony takes another step back and then another until his back hits the wall. A couple of people from HR pass by and one of the girls takes a look at both of them but they’re probably too drunk themselves to notice anything.
He takes a deep breath, puts his t-shirt on, and gets back to his list. He has to wait a bit before putting his jeans back on though; no way he can fit his cock behind any type of zipper right now.
The light gets less intense and Tony can swear that he hears a muffled cry, as if it is coming from a covered mouth. He brings his hand down, finally able to see the full moon and a few stars in the night sky. He wants to sit up, get out and run away but he can’t even move to his side. He probably looks pathetic and the idea of being found like
Steve bends awkwardly so he can rest his head on Tony’s chest. “It’s okay, I heal really quickly.” But he doesn’t sound okay, really. “It’s just that because of that, I end up in situations that I get hurt a lot. And although I mostly recover without a scratch, it still fucking hurts,” he sighs, and Tony pulls him in too slowly as if Steve’s physically hurt right now. “And I can’t take pain killers, nothing really works, and for a short period after every mission, it’s just hell.”
Tony wouldn’t have done his best to find Bucky if it was.
Not that Steve would have cared, even if Tony had explained it to him word for word. Not that he cares now, knowing that punching Ty might have been the last strike, indeed, if it meant that he would get to protect the person that means the most to him in the world - whom he’s already failed to protect so miserably.
Steve shivers as he steps on the balcony, as the wind is too chilly for an April night in Houston. He sits back on the chair, staring at the half-dark towers in the skyline and wonders if anyone out there is stuck in a more bizarre situation than he is right now. Breathing in the humid morning air, trying to calm down and think, he realizes that he has no clue, what so ever. He has no idea how he should disclose a national secret - one that people need a Top Secret clearance to access the encrypted files on a thumb drive about - with a guy he has casually fallen in love with. How is he gonna sit Tony down, and explain that the dead guy of Tony’s dreams happens to be him, Steve Rogers, a broken boy who’s not even from Brooklyn anymore, and the longest he has gone without a screaming nightmare or day-time panic attack is the past 5 days that he has spent in Tony’s arms? That he is not amazing or awesome, and definitely not brave, that he is nothing like Tony thinks, that he is in fact just a pair of long legs in a too-tight star-spangled uniform.
Tony drops his spoon in the soup, rather hastily, and his fingers wrap around Steve’s hand. It burns like actual fire, the mix of Tony’s soft touch, his wide, carefree grin, and his scent; sweet caramel and vanilla, finally with no hints of sour for the first time. Steve wants to kiss Tony’s fingers one by one, right this second, even if it ends with them ditching the rest of their already-paid-for meal to go to Steve’s place, which is strategically around the corner, to continue the kissing of places not appropriate to be kissed in public.
Well, fuck, Tony thinks, as he wraps his arms around Steve and he holds on for a moment, for Steve’s shoulders to soften a little.
Tony looks up at him, eyes glassy, cheeks flushed. “What’s happening to me?” Tony asks, voice low, words breaking on the edges. “I’m burning up, like I have a fever, but why would I have a fever?” He trails off with his mouth slightly open, as if he’s searching for words he doesn’t find.
The other part  … is not that stupid. The other part is just a small beaten-up omega, and even smelling the huge angry alpha behind the wheel is enough for him to shut the fuck up.
Tony hates love songs. He hates the fact that they are full of hope and stupid surreal promises. He hates the way they make you feel warm and fuzzy all over and he hates the fact that they are cold outright lies.
to smile at  Dr. Morbius when he spoke  about his grandson and make small conversation about how he is a really strong boy who will present as alpha, just like his father.
What if he doesn’t show up though?
“Are you gonna at least take me out first? I know I’ve already been to your place, but I totally want to fix the wrong impression that I’m an easy omega or something.”
He breathes again, blinks a few more times and then turns back to his other side. An alpha has his hands wrapped around the red-haired omega, so they must be Nat, as Captain Rogers called the girl on the phone and Clive…, no Clint, because he asked the girl, Nat, about this guy before he asked about Bruce and… Sam. Tony looks around the room and, well, another alpha is standing next to Captain Rogers. He whispers something, Captain Roger nods and then this other alpha, Sam, looks down at Tony and smiles.
“Do you mind if I wash you?” Tony whispers into Steve’s ear before biting down on it. Steve nods, slowly, and it might be the crazy joy of all the first times or the way Steve’s blush gets even darker with the nod, but it makes Tony’s heart race in his chest, his head spinning for a few seconds. He takes a deep breath, and then another one, to calm himself down. The last thing he wants to do is pass out right now, or lose control. He has a task, a top priority mission, and he can do it. He could get through washing Steve’s gorgeous, flawless body without coming apart from the insane burning sensation that is running through him by just holding Steve this close.
He can’t say what they really are.
Thank you to fiftyshadesofstony, and JehBeeEh for beta, guys I am so grateful for your help,  <3<3<3
“A living, present alpha has precedence over the government… right?”
This guy,
I know, I am so sorry, It has been over 3 months since the last update. My energy levels and writing juices came crashing down sometime early-July and I've been struggling to write ( as well as doing most of the other things with my brain :)) )
“Now I’m going to insert the retractor. Remember, you have to let me know if it hurts at all, right?”
“I won’t lock anyone anywhere, and everyone’s going to the party tonight.” Steve looks around the room at Clint and Bruce who are finally here and takes his time chewing and swallowing the rest of his donut. “Except for Stark,” he says and walks toward Tony’s desk watching him carefully so he won't miss a single move in Tony’s face as Steve’s words set in. “
(See the end of the chapter for
He is from an old Earth colony, and he’d only gotten accepted into Starfleet Academy to study the Essential Interstellar Affairs as a gesture of goodwill from the Federation to improve their relationship with New Brooklyn. Steve himself wouldn’t even be accepted if the original height and weight eligibility conditions were not found discriminatory a few decades back. But right now, he is a Starfleet captain, on his way to command a groundbreaking flagship so he
Steve holds on to the skirt of the gown. “Since this morning,” he mumbles and lets go of the skirt, unsure what he should do with his hands now.
“May I sit down?”
Tony kisses the side of Steve’s face gently as he pulls him in and holds him close. He caresses Steve’s back and Steve’s nerves settle slowly, small circles of hope trembling under his skin with each smooth slide of Tony's fingers.
He breaks.
“Why did you bring me here, though?” Tony asks as he finally starts to eat again. “You know, why didn’t you call the police for real?”
Large hands slide under his body and strong arms take him out of the trunk slowly and gently. For a second, Tony thinks he might die from the humiliation of being so weak and so exposed. Among all the mortifying moments of his fucked-up life, which are quite a bit, being found curled up in the trunk of a car is probably the worst of the worst. He doesn't want to know what Captain Rogers is thinking as he presses Tony to his chest and walks around the car to put him down on the back seat. Tony tries to sit up straight but his stupid back doesn’t cooperate and he ends up stretching his legs along the seat and leaning against the side window. Captain Rogers kneels by his feet and looks at Tony with that same concerned look. He opens and closes his mouth a few times but doesn’t seem to be able to get any words out. He runs his hands on the back of his neck and his lips twitch in frustration. He then stands up and, well, starts pacing around the car.
Thank you so so so much for reading this fic, and sending so much love my way, I don't really know how to thank you.
Thank you for reading and I hope you enjoyed it.
“We called him last night.” He nods and Tony parts his lips. “And he’s agreed to help,” he adds, lifting the glass just enough to allow a steady stream into Tony’s mouth. The sweetness bursts over his tongue and flows into his veins; the magic of feeding sugar water to a butterfly, like Jarvis used to do when Tony would run into the kitchen with one he’d found around the garden with broken wings. “He’ll be here…” Captain Rogers takes the glass away, sits back on his heels, and flicks his wrist to look at the StarkWatch that was there last night, but is gone now. “Sometime…” he says, and stands up to put the glass back on the nightstand, “...soon. He’ll be here soon.”
two years ago and the light blue tie he never managed to make Ty buy. A twisted rush runs down the back of his neck and his tummy flutters in a dark excitement as he pictures himself dressed in different shades of blue for an event. He stops thinking about it quickly though, because Ty is calling him from the bathroom. Nothing to do with the dull pain that he still feels in his left arm even after two  years.
Steve narrows his eyes and he looks at Tony disapprovingly. Tony makes a mental note, although this is probably the worst time for it; Steve disapproves a lot and looks just as perfect doing it.
Steve had gone through three beers, including the one from the handsy guy. He had ended up kicking the guy's ass but wastage is wastage and there is no need to throw away a good pint of beer.
Steve wakes up in Tony’s arms.
Steve walks in and the color spreads from his cheeks down to his neck. Tony watches his slow steps, part hesitant and part certain, and his heart speeds up steadily with each and every step. He takes a deep breath when Steve finally reaches him, after what seems like an eternity, which might be his last proper breath, at least for a while.
Maybe they can get a puppy together? Steve’s definitely a dog person, and no one can stop Tony from bringing a pet into his own tower. Steve wouldn’t go with buying one though, Tony can hear the argument about breeding crimes like it’s happening before him, so maybe a big dog from a shelter? They can do whatever Steve wants to do. They can buy a dog hotel and adopt the whole shelter.
“Do you like Italian?” Tony asks as he lies down on the bed.
Steve is Captain America and Captain America is Steve. No masks, no secrets, nothing to hide. It’s just pure electrifying, explosive pleasure with Iron Man’s grounding hold and Tony’s mesmerizing kiss, as they come, shaking and panting together. It’s surreal and completely out of this world, and yet it’s the realest Steve has felt in his century-long life.
“Still can’t believe, well, any of this,” Tony says, and he groans as he sits on the stool by the kitchen counter. “Is there anything comfortable in this whole place? The couch broke my back.”
Steve always sits next to Tony when they’re discussing these things -
Tony leans forward and kisses Steve’s cheek before reading the next question. “Sexy maid or sexy doctor?”
Steve breathes out and shuffles to sit next to Tony. “There are more practical means to not only keep omegas in heat alive but also keep the pain and fever at a minimum level. You know that omegas predate suppressants and modern medicine, right?”
“I can think of many, many ways to top this date, Tony.” He swallows the ‘
“Are you okay?”
Tony’s other hand rubs soothing circles on Steve’s stomach, as he pumps his finger in and out. Waves of pleasure flutter through Steve’s core with every slide, and it’s good, God, it’s amazing, Steve could stay like this, splayed out and spread wide, at Tony’s mercy, for the rest of his life.
“I am a big boy and I was NOT distressed,” Tony cuts in, “I can take care of myself and everything was fine.”
Like.
All he needs to do now is to draw.
Tony wrapped his legs around Steve and listened to the rhythm of Steve’s breathing, waiting for it to become even. He was in love with Steve, with his whole heart, and yet his heart was aching for someone else.
Please let me know if you think I missing a tag or something needs to be tagged differently.
Steve stretches his feet tentatively and sits up. He covers his lap with the blanket and pulls it further up to his chest. He waits for the plug to move and stab somewhere deep inside, but he can’t feel anything down there, except for the shadow of Dr. Stark’s fingers that Steve doesn’t want to think about right now.
“He’s gonna die right? He’s not gonna make it. Why would he even listen to me for fuck’s sake, why wouldn’t he just be his stupid rebel ass and send in that drone he used to kick the slime monster’s that time?”
be seen half-naked and covered in bruises. Not both in the same night. Both would be too mortifying.
He wishes he could at least cover his face with one of his hands or slide a bit lower and hide under the light blue blanket that is still covering him under the white woolen throw, but then the thing, the force, the being tugs the inside of his lower belly and a wave of certainty runs up his chest and washes over his heart.
Shame swirls in his chest with the idea of Tony walking in on him in whatever miserable state he must have been in, and for a second he wonders if he can sneak out of Tony’s hold, out of the room and out of this place altogether.
on Tumblr, come talk to me :)
Tony’s touch is soft on Steve’s skin. His words are gentle in Steve’s ears. His mercy, however, hurts more than his disappointment. His tenderness cuts through Steve’s wounds, precise like a sharp blade, and Steve’s bleeding all over himself in tears and useless explanations. That he never meant to hurt Tony. That he never meant to leave Tony behind. That he meant to call, to come back, to keep Tony in his arms and never let go. That he’s made a mistake, a million of them back to back, and he is a failure who doesn’t deserve Tony’s forgiveness, even if it’s the only thing in the world left for him to fight for.
Steve’s asleep in Tony’s arms. Tony is still kissing his hair, long after, and he’s thinking about the number that had passed his mind back in the shower. A thousand sounds like it’s so many touches but come to think of it, it might not be that many. If Tony manages to get his hands on Steve one way or another 2.7 times a day, it would only take a year to reach the one thousand mark. All it takes is a morning sleepy cuddle, a goodbye kiss before he leaves for work and a ‘honey, I'm home’ kiss maybe when he comes back. He doesn’t even need to count all the snuggling in front of the TV and watching whatever nonsense that would be on. Steve seems like someone who would watch fighting movies, but Tony bets he is into rom-coms as well, and who cares really, as long as Tony can wrap his arms around Steve and lay his head on his chest.
; unlike the time he was
Except...
Steve follows the patch of light that’s extending into the hallway from an invisible source, every step heavier to take, every breath harder to let in, a pain to push out. He just keeps going, holding onto the wall with a parched mouth and spinning head and it’s the last bit of his strength—the last bit of his soul—that leads him finally to this room, that makes him take the half-open door as permission to slip inside.
He's nervous but he's ready. He's read all of the personnel files and all the technical documents. He's memorized names, faces, ranks - he even knows who has kids on board and who has kids waiting back at home.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony can technically drive back to Manhattan if he hires a car but being on the road for 21 hours does not really sound like adhering to the self-isolation guidelines. Getting on a plane, even his own jet, is not an option either and less conventional ways of travel may raise some unwanted suspicion. He will have to stay here for the next 14 days, and as Pepper has just mentioned, half friendly and half annoyed, it’s not the worst place one could find themselves stuck.
That’s why they’ve become one in Steve’s mind. That's why he has drawn Tony instead of Iron Man.
“That can’t be.” Steve shakes his head. “That’s… not possible.”
Huge thank you to fifty and Jeh for beta <333
Fifty and Jeh, you guys rock! you held my hand through this all the way and I am really really grateful <3333
The nurse at medical checks his pulse, takes his temperature, and browses through Steve’s medical records. “I’m not too worried about an asthma attack. Or heart arrhythmia. Have you been experiencing any stomach pain?”
He’s learned to do other things by watching YouTube videos before and some have been successful on the first attempt, like that ‘high release backhand’ frisbee throw that had knocked Batroc out on the field. This probably won’t work that well, and it’s a small thing to do anyway, but it’s what he can do, or at least try to do here and now, and he is not going to not try, for fear of messing up.
at all, but he is simply speechless. He is lost in the concepts he can’t name and the code he can’t decipher, and his heart is beating too fast or too slow; it might stop beating either way.
Which means no surprises, so their plan will hopefully work. The black hole extends to eternity before their eyes, half of their view just pitch black with the event horizon horrifyingly near. They're at the edge of danger, literally, but for now, the pull towards it stays minimal.
Tony tells Steve about his mom, and how they always made Carbonara together, how it was Tony’s job to mix the egg and cheese and that’s why he can make this perfection of creamy richness with no milk added. Steve smiles and teases Tony about narcissism, but admits that the pasta is absolutely perfect. Tony smiles and Steve wishes he could just reach over the table and kiss Tony’s perfect laugh lines.
Steve is standing at the door, and well, he is blushing. Tony’s heart melts a little at the sight and he wonders if it’s appropriate to run to him with open arms, to hold him tight, and to kiss him all over that perfect red face.
Steve ends up being the one staying at his desk until it’s dark outside, of course, as Tony’s new set of results, handed in a couple of hours before the end of the day, requires Steve’s report to be completely reorganized.
Steve’s cold when he wakes up.
Tony should be offended right now. He should think that Steve’s trying to mock his lifestyle and suggests he is extravagant, and that should throw Tony off the rails and make him start talking about the obscene amount of money he donates every year, and even touch on the non-monetary good things that he does. On the contrary, though, he feels intrigued. The guy has a point and he seems to be genuinely interested in doing the right thing, rather than teaching Tony a lesson.
Other than the mandatory minimum attention, the rest of his brain is working elsewhere.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Fair warning though, you might miss dinner.” He smiles with his whole face and the adorable wrinkles show up on the corner of his eyes. “Even breakfast.” He winks and Steve wonders if his heart is ever gonna beat with a normal rhythm after that.
“Breathe Steve,” Clint says, rubbing his back as they walks him to a chair and sit him down. “We don’t want you to bleed out on us,” Bruce says and sits next to him. “It will be okay, just breathe.”
Steve’s heart had skipped a beat when Tony came out of his room wearing a charcoal, three-piece suit with a red tie and all Steve’s been thinking about since then is if he would ever get a chance to loosen that tie, undo that first button, and kiss Tony’s throat. The idea hasn’t lost its novelty in the past hour and a half, as Steve’s mind has been bouncing between SI’s share price going down and journalists being mean and insensitive in a politically correct way, but back to the tie and Tony’s Adam’s apple, always.
He wants to stay in this little piece of heaven. As crazy as it sounds, even in his own head, the only thing he knows he wants to do with the rest of his life is cling to Tony. To breathe in his scent, and bask in his ecstatic calm, to feel his constant vibrating and listen to his never-ending chatter, to just try and make sense of the way his brain works. To be amazed for the rest of his life with how a person could be so selfless, so giving and so fucking wonderful.
“Excellent, sweetheart, you’re doing so good. Now let’s step sideways,” Tony whispers, his voice getting muffled by the song. It’s just wondrous, Steve thinks, as he does his best to follow Tony and keep his eyes on him. How Steve’s life had been happening within a rosy hue these past several days, despite all the horrible things that are happening all around, how all it takes for every single word to turn into a love song is for Tony to press Steve to his heart; to hold him close and hold him fast.
Right. Just perfect.
Almost.
Steve’s a little grumpy in the morning and everyone, including Steve himself, knows it. That’s why Clint stays away from him before the coffee run if he can’t beat Nat to do it. Bruce never shows up in the team room before noon, busying himself in the lab, and everyone tries to schedule all possible interrogations before 10 AM.
“Steve,” Tony whispers in his ear, shaky and breathless, “you’re just--” he can’t form any more words as his fingers find Steve’s nipples again and Steve shudders in a flood of sensation. It takes a minute, or an hour, Steve can’t be quite sure, for Tony to rub and pinch and flick Steve’s nipples before Steve can’t hold it together any longer.
“Alright then,” Dr. Stark says, cocking his head and running his fingers through his hair.
He looks up at Tony, who is still standing by the window, tapping on his phone quickly, and for a second gets lost in the way he looks different but exactly the same in the daylight. Tony looks up from his phone as if he can feel Steve’s eyes on himself and his distressed features pull Steve out of the bubbled daze and throws him back into reality.
“I can’t stay here, SHIE--my employer can’t afford this place. They are working on getting alternate accommodation for me right now, so I’ll be out of your hair as soon as possible.”
Steve shakes his head and narrows his eyes. “No. I guess it’s not.”
Tony smiles and moves his fingers, too weak to wave properly. Steve smiles and waves back as Bucky finally wheels him away.
“This might be the earliest I’ve been to Macy’s”, Nat says cheerfully from behind and Captain Rogers turns over his other shoulder to look at her. “And the quickest according to Clint, because he was still waiting in the coffee line when I got out,” she huffs, and the large shopping bags she’s carrying rustle a bit.
sure about this tattoo?”
“We can operate without one full engine?” Lieutenant Lang narrows his eyes.
Steve can’t fall apart.
Life can sometimes be nice for a change, somewhat nice at least, because even if there is a problem regarding an erection, Steve's not the person who had to say it out loud. He gives a quick nod in response though, to avoid any confusion that might lead to more questions.
“Don’t worry, I am not gonna steal your stuff and run away. I was just really hungry,” and he tries to grin wider, hoping he doesn’t look creepy from trying too much.
It’s not Steve who pushes two fingers inside Tony’s slicked hole, moaning around Tony’s flushed cock, it’s not him who slides his cock into Tony's warm and inviting body, fucking him so hard that Tony stops babbling and comes untouched, absolutely quiet.
Tony’s insides shake a little as Captain Rogers pulls over along the kerbside, quite abruptly, and cars probably honk, but Tony is too distracted with the color that’s spreading on Captain Rogers’s cheeks to hear anything.
to put on foundation. With dark bruises blackening his eyes and spreading down his cheeks, he looks more like what’s-his-face in fight club, although a little less masculine and with slightly narrower shoulders. As bruised and broken as he’s been before, Tony has never looked like this.
Countless, his brain provides dutifully and his eyes start to prickle. He’d broken his own heart as many times - and his forearm, once, but that one was entirely his own fault, blurting out the name of an underground omega rights group, and being too unsteady to fall on his hands with just a little push from behind. The shit storm that had followed through weeks of torment and pain, or what he thought was a shit storm at the time, but was just playful banter compared to… well, all of this.
Steve smiles at Tony and shakes his head fondly. “Are you sure these questions are random? Cause I see some patterns there, Mr. Stark.” And he kisses Tony’s cheek back. “The one that wears an apron I guess?” and he laughs, folding his arms over his chest, throwing his head back and Tony is kinda sick of his own sappiness but he feels he is about to burst into a million happy bubbles.
“Are you fucking nuts?”
Chief staff meetings, however, are a whole different story. Tony shows up to all of them like clockwork and Steve’s efforts to sit in the furthest spot from him doesn't do much to help. He goes through bottles of iced water and still burns all over like he’s been set on fire from the inside. He has to pinch himself under the table to stay focused on what anyone says, and if it weren’t for memos and meeting reports, and brilliant communication officers, Steve would have no idea what any of his staff in the meetings had said. When it’s Tony’s turn to talk though, the whole universe disappears and angels start to sing. Steve sweats and shivers at the same time, going back and forth from the need to walk through the room and kiss Tony’s hair to the urge to run out of the bridge and jump out of the starship into the endless space.
The first one Steve’s ever been in the presence of.
Like always we're discussing the COVID-19 pandemic without mentioning the name ( although this chapter has no real reference to it) so if it's something you don't want to be exposed to, please take care of yourself and don't read this on.
Tony smiles as Steve puts the blueberry pancakes on his plate.
The gauntlet fingers trail down Steve’s throat and the metallic cool soothes the burning blaze on Steve’s skin. The fingers slip further down, brushing over Captain America’s
“Why, I am sorry, am I distracting you again?” Tony says, but his words are barely playful this time. He can’t hold it together either, Steve muses, the way his erection is pressed to Steve’s back, and he is as breathless and flustered as Steve, even if Steve can only judge with the quarter of his brain still operational. Steve’s hands get back to work as if of their own accord with the gentle reminder though, and Tony hums happily as he gets back to orchestrating Steve’s perfect pleasure.
, his heart racing in his chest and his breath hitched and short while his mind falls into that painless place he has finally come to found, which is easy and quiet. He listens to Iron Man as he keeps on talking breathlessly, how he has daydreamed about this, having Captain America under him, exposed and vulnerable like this, and Steve wonders if Captain America has enjoyed anything more in his life than this, lying on the dusty sidewalk of a dark empty alley, this vulnerable and this exposed.
There is a pop and a squirt, and it’s fine, it’s not like it’s Steve’s first exam like this.
Tony can see it now.
He can only restrain himself for slightly less than two days before he calls Tony again, and manages to make it seem very random when he asks Tony if he’s been eating at all. It’s not until about a day and 14 hours later, during a heated discussion about setting up Bucky with Tony’s childhood friend - whom he had called earlier today, after five years - that Steve finds the courage to tell Tony to sleep every now and then, and he only asks if Tony’s been doing his annual check-ups, which he has not for very long, as Steve had expected, but promises to schedule one first thing tomorrow.
Steve gets to be Captain America in Iron Man’s arms because Tony is not afraid of putting fantasies into words and doesn’t mind pretending to be the man of Steve’s fantasies even more than he already is. He does blush but keeps talking about how Iron Man and Captain America meet for a battle and kisses Steve’s heated cheeks and parted lips as Steve chokes to say his lines about seducing Iron Man after the battle, the few first times.
And he doesn’t want Tony to touch him in return.
Tony lays Steve’s head on his thin chest. He runs his fingers through Steve’s hair, kisses the back of his neck, and wipes Steve’s tears away, so many times, as Steve apologizes, and apologizes again, and again and again.
“So you’ve never bonded, Steve? You live alone?” Ty’s question is a sign. Tony should not be surprised by any of Ty’s signs, hints and games after being through so many of them over the years but he still is, every fucking time.
on Tumblr, come talk to me :)
imaginary, Tony thought as Steve wrapped his arms around him, while he noticed the streak of pain in Bucky’s eyes, the way he looked away and coughed, his fingers running in his hair as he shifted on his feet.
omega.
Tony shuffles in place and Steve’s heart sinks, for however long that Tony stays quiet.
sounds beautifully different coming out of those slightly parched lips, even before all the nice words sink in. “Thank you, Commander, that’s really nice to hear.”
“It’s been done before. A couple of times, but successfully. Matt’s onboard, he must be at the court now,” Captain Rogers adds, his body turned toward Tony, his cheeks cherry red, and his eyes shining. “I just need you to...”
gesture.
Tony reaches over his desk to grab his coffee and donuts before sitting back. “I’d love to,” he says and takes a bite, his lips pressing down into the donut and coming back all sugary, making Steve want to pull out from behind his desk and lick the sugar off his lips.
“First of all, if you don’t judge me for having a crush on Biff, I will judge you.” Steve says, as he curls his lips and narrows his eyes, “ and besides, WHY on earth would you think that?”
Dr. Stark’s eyes go unbelievably wide, and he opens his mouth to say something, probably, or to try and breathe as Steve just sucked in all the air in the room, or maybe because the plug, the doom of Steve’s being, decides to shift a bit again, sending fireworks all the way up to Steve’s neck, making him dizzy, forcing a low moan out of his lips. “Was it a particularly old plug? Like from the 40s? Or left in corrosive solvents for too long? Because—”
Tony is in a bed in the fucking last row of the beds.
“Excellent work, Steve, thank you so much for holding still for me. Luckily, the plug is lying very low and has an accessible edge, so I should be able to remove it easily.”
so much, he tells himself as he listens to Tony explaining the theory of Carbonara's origin being related to Carboneria, and he repeats it to himself that he
Then again, nothing about this relationship had never happened to him either.
No one yells. Dr. Stark says things, the words sliding over Steve’s skin at first before starting to make sense at some point, soft and gentle and reassuring. “It’s okay, it's perfectly fine. Steve, don’t worry about it. It’s just a reaction, no big deal. I’ll just need you to put your feet back on the stirrups and hold still for me. Do you think you can do that?”
“I’m all good, thank you for asking,” Steve says, coughing again, not sounding very convincing, but his awkward smile grows even wider. What if he brought his own hand up to cover Tony’s? Would it be too inappropriate if he just pressed Tony’s body to the wall right here, and kissed him?
Dr. Stark’s eyes go soft, and his face eases into a soothing smile. “Of course not, Steve, of course not. It’s just a very rare accident, and I have to double-check because I need to know what material I’m dealing with before the physical examination, whether there is a chance of breakage when we’re trying to extract it, you know things like that.”
make me feel good, already, Steve. You don’t have to do anything just because I might be into it.”
Bucky was nothing like Tony had expected.
Tears ran down Tony’s face as he trembled and panted in Steve’s arms. Steve wiped Tony’s tears away, with no questions, holding on to Tony, caressing his hair, whispering all the miraculous words that Tony loved to hear. Tony breathed in Steve’s scent, unable to hold the tears back. He couldn’t lose Steve, even if the place he was taking right now was supposed to belong to someone else.
"Where do you live, Captain Rogers? Manhattan?" Now that’s something safe to ask. Harmless, not showing off but still not boring.
Kudos and comments are greatly appreciated <3
“Thank you,” Tony smiles against Steve’s lips, “for, you know, everything. Violence is not the answer and punching people in a Michelin Star restaurant is not a good idea, but fuck that. Just— thank you.”
I am sorry it is still sad and the abuse is more graphic. I wish I could say I have made this all up an none of this happens in real life but unfortunately, that would not be true :( I promise things will get better slowly and there would definitely be a happy ending.
“What do you want, Steve?” Tony whispers between the kisses, “I’m gonna take care of you. Whatever it is that you want, sweetheart. Just tell me.”
“No, I have not. I wanted to five  years ago … but things got in the way and … well, I just never did really.” Captain Rogers eyes are suddenly sad. He looks at Tony. His eyes follow Ty’s hand and stay on his grip on Tony’s shoulder for a few seconds. Things that get in the way could mean a million different things but that wistful sigh rules most of them out. It probably has  something to do with unspoken words and missed opportunities, as this rich beautiful alpha can bond to any omega he wants with a snap of his fingers.
Tony’s hands shoot up to cup the sides of Steve’s face. His heart slows, his body cools down, and his brain finally catches up with the racing images that have been flooding his brain. “You’re alive? You’re ali-- how? Jesus Christ, how on earth-- you were
“I was just about to— you can’t do that Steve, not again, God, it’s not like you’re my alpha, so you can’t really play the jealousy card here.” Tony finally lets go of Steve’s arm to run both of his hands through his hair. Steve’s hand lingers in the air for a second though, Tony’s words ringing in his ears and making something pound in his head.
They could still see Tony in the distance as he was making his way along the beach to go back to the fort. Tony had walked this same path many times after his usual midday visits that they would spend sitting on this same bench behind quarantine buildings. This would be the last time Steve would watch Tony go for as long as he could before Tony would turn around, to wave at Steve just before disappearing behind the trees that shaded the road. There would be no other time, Steve told himself, and he rubbed his chest to ease the trapped breath that was refusing to come out. Never again. None.
“Steve, please.”
If you liked the fic and wanted to tell others about it feel free to reblog
“Hate bullies,” Tony says as his finger slides over the line of Steve’s jaw and presses lightly on his lips. “I know. I love you.”
Tony can technically let the argument go now. He can order breakfast, through the already-in-place arrangement with the hotel to provide food for the penthouse in a safe manner and get back to his list that’s now officially late arriving in Pepper’s inbox, but he can’t bring himself to do any of that.
Tony takes another sip of his hot chocolate, as his eyes wander between the two alphas, who refuse to look at him at the moment. He is fairly certain of the reason Ty has yet to file a missing omega report - a bunch of Stark Industries legal and PR people huddling around the breakfast table, advising him to keep it quiet for now, while the entire security team combs through every single contact traced to Tony’s small group friends who might have anything to do with his disappearance; people who work for a company that’s Tony’s legal property, paid with his money that he himself cannot access, helping Ty make Tony’s life a little more miserable once again.
“And now,” Steve sighs, and shakes his head slowly as if it hurts to move faster, “now, you’re telling me that you-” he turns to point to the TV, and back to Tony “-
“Just this once,” he says, as he buries his face in the crook of Steve’s neck.
Right before he meets Tony Stark.
at the last minute was a walk in the park. Realizing how his sanity and judgment can deteriorate at Warp-cubed speed, on the other hand, is nerve-racking. He never thought he’d meet an omega, ever, let alone be helpless like this with just downing one lungful of his scent. It suddenly makes sense why a lot of scientific articles subtly imply that ABO extinction is in line with progress and human evolution. It still hurts. But it at least makes sense.
“Of course I am. Still. You’re kinda naked here, if you haven't noticed, and what we just did was crazy hot,” Steve whispers back, moving on to plant small kisses on Tony’s palm.
Tony finally stops twiddling his thumbs and looks up. He looks twice as pale as Steve remembered and Steve kicks himself for not having thought about bringing some kind of food over.
He wobbles through Steve’s foyer after what must be the longest elevator ride of history and wonders if he should just go back. He can catch the elevator before the door closes and go straight to the workshop to lock himself up for an extended period of blackout protocol. Steve will be disappointed, for sure, but not as much, definitely not, when this whole thing comes crashing down.
“Sounds like Steve,” Barnes said, with a soft smile that made something sour churn in Tony's stomach.
almost drop the phone with the rush of dizzying protectiveness that washes him over with Tony’s broken sobs on the other side of the line. If he hangs up too quickly, and runs two blocks north before stopping to catch his breath and realizing, just then, that he has no idea where Tony actually lives, well, that’s nobody’s business.
Tony’s heart drops at Steve’s sudden Captain America tone and he panics a little. It’s not that Tony doesn’t love the authority that’s radiating off Steve right now, because he absolutely does, so much that it’s tingling the base of his spine. It’s just the contrast with how awkward Steve was a minute ago, giggling and stuttering, and God, what if he thinks that Tony’s being cheeky or is mocking him?
“I just acted according to the situation. Assessing on the spot, you know the handbook stuff they teach you at the Academy. I have nothing to be worried about,” Tony says without turning to Clint, his breath blowing warm on Steve’s face.
Steve takes Thor to bed after the 15th beer and sits with Natasha in silence for as long as it takes her to fall asleep, everything already quiet when he steps out of her room. Everyone’s asleep. All of the doors are closed.
Ty squeezes his fingers again, only a touch harder this time, but it’s there and it’s enough for a line of ice to go from his fingers through his heart to his arm, where Ty’s other hand is. Tony stands up too quickly, and he feels almost weightless with no part of Ty’s body touching his.
Nothing.
Nat helps Tony take a shower.
“I have to examine your abdomen now. Is that okay?” Dr. Stark says gently and waits until Steve makes some sort of movement that could be taken as an affirmative, before stepping forward.
because of course, optimizing guns that could kill them was far more profitable.
He looks up at Tony, standing with his back against the window and the image of naked gorgeousness distracts him for a bit.
----------------------
Steve’s heart felt heavy in his chest all afternoon.
Steve scratches the back of his neck and breathes through the unbearable wave of arousal that’s running through his body from the words. “I might have an idea.”
“With Tony’s parents gone, the state of New York will automatically become his legal guardian after the court’s order, and the first matter it will have to resolve is the omega’s living arrangements. Friends and relatives are not even considered when it comes to providing temporary residence.” Mr. Murdock pauses to run his fingers over his Braille reader terminal which seems to be more advanced than what Tony had once designed as part of SI’s initial proposal for developing disability aids for the California Department of Education. The days where Tony would sit at his desk in the corner of R&D department, and had a StarkBook that he thought no one had the password to. It’s a shame they never put the proposal forward, as Obie had convinced Ty that there was no point wasting so many resources on
“Right,” Tony says, watching Steve with narrow eyes for a moment, before his body trembles in a mix of pain and laughter. “So excuse me for my inability to be more delicate with my words, Captain Rogers, but, do you have any leads on where we can find an alpha to knot me before I die from dehydration?”
As a doctor, Steve reminds himself, but it is no use, as his body only cares about the fact that someone’s kneeling before him to look at his dick, not so much about the reason why. A jolt of arousal shoots up Steve’s spine, and he leaks some more into the gown, right where Dr. Stark’s face is right now.
Captain Rogers is as patient on the way back up to the bedroom as he was on the way down earlier in the morning.
The guest is probably a small old bald alpha, like the other ones who come to beg for some SI money for their stupid-agenda charities, who have long sticks up their asses and think they're too precious to look at the omegas in the room, let alone talk to them. Tony hates those alphas the most, even more than the ones with filthy looks, as much as it hurts to see the pleasure in their eyes as they undress him in their crap-filled brain. They at least acknowledge his existence, which in the most horrible way is better than being fully ignored and considered non-existent.
“Sorry Stark, Steve kept sending me these cell phone messages, all complaining about you being late, and I got tired of replying. So I just came here to babysit him.”
“You prepared the food? All of it?” Captain Rogers seems genuinely amazed as he looks at Tony and then at Ty. “The lamb? The cheesecake? Wow, it’s really impressive.” Tony nods with a little smile. His burning cheeks could probably pass as blushing but he can’t help the sheer disappointment in his glare before he ducks his head. Captain Rogers might be clueless about the intent behind Ty’s words but that does not change the fact that he has followed Ty’s lead and repeated those words. Charming accents and minimum levels of care for the human race could be quite misleading. Captain Steve Rogers is probably --
you're telling me that I was staying with the guy who has made the Iron Man armors? Mark I to Mark L? That
Steve opens his legs slowly and squeezes his eyes shut. “I’m so fucking sorry, I have no idea what got into me, it’s just… too sensitive, I… sorry, I’m so so so sorry.”
The fingers brush over Tony’s chin and rest on his throat. Tony tilts his head back, just a little, hoping to show that he
“This doesn’t make sense. A dare for me or for you?”
“This feels so amazing, Steve, you -- you feel so amazing,” Tony says, as he pushes just a tad more, and Steve’s brain comes to a halt, the way Tony’s finger is inside him, barely but still, and Steve wonders if he will pass out, if he will come apart in full and stop existing.
“Commander Stark! Did you just say that you’ll meet me onboard? I don’t think I’d really need a tour, I know my way around rescue shuttles pretty well.”
“Iron Man is just a man in a suit of armor. Take the suit away and what is he? I mean, we don’t know what the guy behind that mask looks like. Even
“You know I love it when you beg, babe,” Ty spits and his words stab at a vague point in Steve’s throat. “Does he know what a little begging bitch you are? Do you beg him like you begged me when I—”
So we are back with another QT chapter folks <3
Sorta.
Not yet.
Tony’s breath hitched and his eyes started to sting as the rain started. What if Steve wanted to stay? Tony could never ask. He would never know.
Steve doesn’t seem to have exaggerated on his skills; the
Steve cries out loud as he comes in Tony’s hand. Tony comes right after as they both go limp and loose, Steve collapsing onto the wall and Tony onto Steve. Tony holds on to Steve with both hands, and Steve holds onto Tony’s hands with both of his. They stay like that until they start to get cold, so Tony turns the water back on before laying his head on Steve’s back again. He is vaguely aware that he is supposed to move and be responsible, like every other second of his life, but right now, he is holding Steve, and Steve is holding him and someone is saying something low and sweet. It might be Tony who’s chanting Steve’s name, or Steve saying Tony’s. Or both, perhaps, low and sweet, and together.
They talk about unimportant stuff, from baseball to world peace. Steve does his best to keep up with the unlimited string of words and funniest jokes in human history, but he fails mostly. He constantly catches himself with an open mouth, holding his fifth and sixth beer halfway in the air and nodding like a stupid goofball. It’s not like he can’t talk about basketball or memes; he finished a 300-page book about Gen Z and meme culture, thank you very much. But this guy… is just impossible. Every single word out of his mouth is pure genius, and the scent he spreads as he moves is just intoxicating.
For a few seconds, Steve feels like he is floating in unknown territory. His brain is not processing at full speed and he is not sure if he is understanding properly. Is he actually supposed to continue washing the dishes while Tony’s hands are on him? He takes another deep breath and looks at Tony’s hands, resting on his abs. It’s a game, he tells himself, a little challenge that Steve would not back down from. It’s also something Tony wants and that makes everything else far less important. Tony never wants anything, not for himself anyway, and the idea of giving something to Tony that he has actually asked for makes Steve’s head spin a little. He lets go of the edge of the sink to take a plate out of the sink and he is grateful for Tony’s arms around him because he doesn’t think he can stand steady anymore.
Tony’s hands roam on Steve’s abs to find his first shirt button. Steve does his best to focus on the dishes as Tony undoes the buttons one by one.
Tony wants to dance.
“It’s okay, Steve, completely normal to be a little sensitive in your situation,” he reassures gently, and Steve breathes out and tries to smile back.
There should be something they can do. With all the knowledge at their disposal, it's ridiculous to accept spaghettification as the fate of a civilian spaceship. He turns to Tony and watches him swiping quickly through what must be schematics of Avenger’s shuttles, fighting the urge to walk up to him and wrap his arms around his waist.
Then Captain Rogers shows up at the door, still blushing, as he ducks his head and hands a pile of neatly folded clothes to Nat without so much as looking at Tony and suddenly the concept of wearing
Tony smiles and frowns at the same time, with the card that comes up and he looks at Steve, wondering if they should stop playing altogether. Steve’s already walking around the coffee table though, and it’s amazing how he looks all happy and bright again, how he is moving effortless and easy, and how focused he is as if nothing matters more than him having to
and Ty is still rolling his eyes as he reaches for the Cognac glass on Helen’s tray. Captain Rogers, however, does not roll his eyes. He doesn’t look at him disapprovingly either. He puts one arm on his chest, throws his head back and laughs so hard that even the chair he is sitting on shakes a little. Tony is now hot, he is probably sweating under his suit jacket. The melody of Captain Rogers’ laughter has made a swirling wave low in his belly and fuck the damn hormones but he is thinking things he should not be thinking and the whole thing is suddenly really really inappropriate.
Captain Rogers runs a hand through his hair and ruffles it. “I figured if the rule was still in place,” he breathes out, “it might be my only chance to get you out of the government house.”
Steve makes a mental note; Tony has a perfect coffee smile.
Tony’s fingers move around Steve’s cock and he tightens his feet around Steve’s ankles. Steve’s fingers move on Tony and he pulls him further in until there is no distance between them and their lips meet into a kiss unexpected and electrifying.
“I just don’t like bullies. Getting in trouble to kick bullies’ asses? I can do that all day.”
Bucky looked at Tony, then at Steve, and back to Tony. “Doesn’t hurt anymore.”
Even Rhodey, who is the sun and the moon has never ever offered to make a peanut butter sandwich for Tony. He can’t be in wonderland though, or outside of the U.S. He is in too much pain and he can’t go to the hospital if he passes out again unless his alpha shows up miraculously.
stupid.”
Tony can’t process that. Any of that.
He coughs, and rubs Steve’s bicep a couple of times, a friendly gesture any other time, but it’s not any other time, and Steve can’t decide if it’s humiliating to death, or a hell of a turn on. The result is the same though; prickling across his skin, burning low in his belly, his head spinning in frustration.
“Why not?” Steve seems confused for a second. He takes a moment to think before he practically pouts. “I mean if you don’t want me to do it, it’s okay, I under-- ” and fuck Tony’s life, Steve looks hurt.
He can’t wait to get away from
“You know, after the Great War, many alphas went MIA and left their omegas in absolute limbo.” He tilts his head to the side. “The omegas were not eligible for government help because they were not technically widowed, and they had no legal guardians to live with. A lot of them ended up in the streets, you know, in horrible situations”
“So what exactly is stuck?” Dr. Stark asks, without looking up as if he’s casually bringing up the most trivial thing to talk about, and Steve wonders if he can try and follow his lead and be as casual about it.
“Alright everyone, let’s get this spaceship out of trouble,” he says with more enthusiasm than he feels, “Lieutenant Lang, please send the communication back to base. Commander Barton, we need the diagram Commander Stark asked for, asap.” He grabs his PADD and shoves his free hand in his pocket. “Commander Romanoff, you have the conn.”
is tasteful enough to admire me?” He kisses Steve’s forehead, trails down slowly, kissing the line of Steve’s nose. “Don’t think I am that lucky to have such an admirer, Steve.”
Steve’s hand snaked around Tony’s waist. “Tell him how the elbow fix has been for your shoulder, Buck.”
“I think you’re in heat,” Steve blurts out and the intensity of the statement makes him panic a bit.
He would not need a nose surgery which is actually good news. A silver lining, some light in the darkest hour of the night.
We are still discussing the pandemic of the COVID-19 (although I have not mentioned the name so far) so please take care of yourself and don't read this fic if you don't want to be exposed to it.
He will just have to breathe though, and swallow around the growing lump in his throat. Because he is not going to cry. He can’t let go now; he just can’t start to crumble.
Steve can tell the music's over because Tony is not counting any steps. He is pressed to Tony’s chest, distracted by the warm breath hovering over his neck and a little lightheaded, with the power of a dream coming true. Dreams, old and new, of happiness and safety, and feeling warm after shivering for so long, coming home finally and being on time, not stuck in the deep dark ocean, not late. Not a rain check; not today. “Just needed the right partner.”
Steve’s beautiful face lights up in a sweet smile and earnest sparkles shine in his eyes. That’s all that matters, Tony tells himself as he swallows around the lump that’s starting to hurt in his throat. The fact that it means something to Steve, that there is a slim chance, far away in the distance, that Tony will end up making him proud, even if it means pain and anxiety in the road to get there; even if the only way is by bearing bruises on his skin and deep wounds upon his soul.
“He is awake. Bruce, he is awake.”
is 1-page business plan used in the Lean Business Model.
want to get away. Never in his life had he felt like this, like being an omega was not a curse, not a sentence to a life of misery, like he had nothing to be ashamed of. Nothing mattered anymore. Nothing existed anymore.
Steve swipes away the holograms and rubs a hand over his eyes. “You want to get off the ship at the next space station? Why?”
And he doesn’t fall apart, as Nat goes through the pictures of the lost ones, when tears fill Tony’s eyes seeing Peter’s face among the rest. He doesn’t lose his composure when Tony reminds him that he
Because ‘it felt right’ can go fuck itself. Not everything that feels right turns out to be alright in the end. Steve is slipping. He is losing control. He is falling for-- he’s not gonna validate what he feels with words. Even in his own brain. No fucking chance.
“It’s a yes, I love Italian food. I am just trying to say I am easy.”
The roaring waves crashed into the shore and the sudden wind muffled Barnes’s words and shook Tony’s hat on his head. Tony swallowed the bile and took his hat off to keep it from the wind, watching as Steve ran down the stairs and jumped into Barnes’s arms. He tried to breathe through the stabbing pain that cut his heart in half when Barnes pressed Steve to his chest and ruffled his hair, and clutched at his tightening chest when Barnes’s fingers brushed over the bite mark on Steve’s neck. A growl echoed in his head,
Unbelievable.
“Usually we’d give the patient a mild sedative that allows the sphincter to relax. Then we use a speculum to view the object so forceps can be used to remove it,” Dr. Stark says, in a sing-song voice, as if he has ‘extracted’ a million plugs from a million unfortunate asses sticking up in the air just like Steve’s. “On rare occasions though, when there are any concerns about the patient's reaction to the drugs, we try the manual opening technique.”
Steve opens his eyes finally and looks at Dr. Stark, sitting on a stool right between Steve’s spread legs. He is definitely a rare occasion, in every aspect that he can think of and Dr. Stark has picked up on that, but Steve’s brain’s too worked up to figure out the reason.
“You’ll be okay?”
Tony holds him down as he comes back to himself, his mouth still around Steve’s cock and it takes so long until Steve stops gasping for air and loosens his hold on Tony’s hair. He doesn’t want it to end though. He wants to stay like that a little longer; with his body under Tony’s hands, his fingers messing up Tony’s hair and his feet rubbing Tony’s back. He wants to stay in Tony’s hold, he wants to stay connected.
Even with the heavy blanket covering him that wasn’t there before, he doesn’t feel like he’s sitting on fire anymore. He’s lying on his side, with his feet curled into his stomach and not up on stirrups. He is not aching, he is not hard, and except for the small holes that shame has probably burnt into his skin, he is not uncomfortable, not even the smallest bit.
Tony watched Steve’s footsteps marking the sand as he walked away, not turning to look back even once. With what Steve had been through since he had set foot on Australian soil, Tony couldn’t blame him for wanting to prepare for his departure without delay. As if losing his mother on the ship and arriving among hundreds of flu patients was not enough pain, he had to go through the trouble with the immigration authorities who found his travel documents invalid as an unbonded omega with no guardians and were about to send him right back to Ireland. Tony could not blame him the slightest bit, but watching him walking toward the quarantine buildings so quickly felt like being stabbed in the chest.
on Tumblr, come talk to me :)
There is probably no limit. Tony would have hit that limit by now, with the horrified looks of the complete strangers around him, as if this, Tony, is the worst thing they have seen in their lives. Like it’s a very uncommon thing to see an omega in that condition, half-dead, weak and…; well Tony won’t cry. He can’t begin to crumble now. It’s fine.
“That… the shot… maybe … not a good idea. I don’t know… I could search and check but… well, probably not.” He keeps his gaze at the back of his hand for a second and then looks up at Bruce who is not looking at Tony’s hand anymore.
Everything clicks into place. Steve comes, shivering and crying and he holds on to Tony as he comes almost instantly after Steve. It takes a second, or an hour, but they hold on to each other all the way through it, every tremor, every whimper, every gasp. Tony kisses Steve’s lips, his eyes, his neck, and his chest and Steve kisses the top of Tony’s head and the back of his neck. He knows that he probably should move, clean up, do or say something, but Tony is holding on to him tight and that’s all he needs in the world right now.
in the world that would try to keep him from holding Steve and kissing his tears away; now or ever. He leans forward and pushes through what feels like a physical force just as Steve leans in too and something shatters, maybe a window in the distance, as thunder rumbles and lightning flashes, and the wind blows, too close as if it’s swirling right between them.
Tony takes a deep breath. “First of all, I had no idea you lead a team and I think you should always start with that, because it’s damn hot.” He smiles as he wiggles an eyebrow and Steve’s face unwrinkles a little as he smiles back with his eyes. “Secondly, you do realize that you’ve donated an exorbitant amount of money to the Maria Stark Foundation special pandemic fund right? Four Seasons is matching dollar for dollar and it already adds up to around--”
Everything freezes for a moment, except for his cock, which is stuck in the magical land of permanent erection, and all of his body becomes numb.
to propose he could take any of the rooms, including the one they slept in last night. He'd vaguely hoped that Steve would suggest they can sleep in the same room but sadly, he doesn’t. It would be crazy anyway and Tony distracts himself with another hour of useless yelling at the board, to discuss the inevitable financial crisis on the horizon, hoping he could reprogram board members to his liking using the BARF technology, one day.
It has been a month right? Sorry for the long wait <33
“May I?” Tony asks, soft and gentle and Steve has to bite down a sob before he can get a hang of himself long enough to tilt his head in what should hopefully form an unsteady nod. “Tell me, Steve, with words please. May I touch you like this?”
“A friend?”
“Oh God,” someone says, alarmed and hoarse, and a solid strength that wraps around his body hurts but keeps him steady on his feet. “Breathe,” the voice commands and air flows into Tony’s lungs as he listens to a presence who inhales deep and exhales long and slow. “You’re okay,” comes a whisper, and the will to live creeps back under Tony’s skin. “It’ll be fine.” The faintest hope flickers in his chest, that the next moment might be better than the one before, the slightest bit, as cold drops of water bring him out of the deep end and ease him into awareness.
Tony smiles back but he wiggles his fingers in Steve’s hand. “Is everything okay?”
“Well, right now she is trying to resolve the issues I’ve created again for everyone by having a fucking life. I am a reckless billionaire no matter what, who goes around and gropes people in elevators during a pandemic not yet declared.” He pinches the bridge of his nose and shakes his head, half-mocking, half actually sad.
No one yells though. No blows come out of nowhere. The swish in the air is not a hand being raised, it’s just a phone being fished out of a pocket, but Tony can’t help but flinch when Captain Rogers holds the phone out to him.
He’s being ridiculous.
Steve’s hand freezes around the tattoo gun. “Is that a yes then?” he asks, struggling to keep his eyes firmly on his work. “To coming over to see them?”
“You trust me?” Tony whispers softly, almost inaudible, and pulls back to look into Steve’s eyes. He holds his hand out slowly, and Steve can see the vein in Tony’s neck pulse, even with the little light in the dim room. Tony is actually wondering, Steve fathoms with disbelief, as if the answer is not completely clear.
As he draws sketches of ‘The Unknown Man behind the Iron Man’ one after the other, he ends up adding details to his usually vague features that he has never used before. The fluffy dark hair, for example, that just ends up on the paper on its own accord or the big eyes that seem very familiar but Steve can’t remember why. He even draws a red tie for one of the sketches, not certain where that one has come from, as no one stepping out of a suit of armor would be wearing a red tie.
Steve pushes the SI evening meeting up to 5 PM and ignores Nat’s fortieth call for the day, hoping there is nothing to add to what they had discussed in so much detail over the previous thirty-nine.
Tony’s eyes start to sting, and he focuses on breathing in and out as Captain Rogers talks about his house, the lightfilled rooms, the buzz of the neighborhood and the ridiculous tax rates.
“I wasn’t in the plane sinking in the ocean anymore. New York was safe, still there, looking more chaotic than it ever was in my time and so was I, still here, alive, despite the crazy joke that the universe had decided to play on me.”
“Nice to meet you,
He takes a deep breath and reaches for Steve’s hands. “Okay. Let’s do this. Let’s face the music.”
“Well someone took all my clothes off,” Steve chimes as Tony sips his coffee and lets out a small moan, “and I’d wear the damn apron if you’d freakin’ buy one for me,
Tony shook his head and turned back to watch the sea. Long waves were washing against the shore and the clouds seemed to be getting darker. Steve might have to stay for tonight, he thought before mentally kicking himself, and he shook his head again to push the thought away.
“Do I have to say the words?” Steve says, blinking a few more times, and swallowing visibly, his Adam's apple bobbing up and down.
Things are swimming around Tony.
This is the
He truly wanted Steve, with the way he was caressing the bitemark, so gently, making Steve whimper, and how he was holding onto Steve so tight that he couldn’t get away even if he wanted to. Steve did
He closes his eyes and clutches the gown in his hands as he tries to calm down, breathe in, or breathe out, apparently unable to perform the supposedly easy tasks, because there are gloved fingers on his cock, and warm breath flowing around it, a reminder of how close Dr. Stark actually is.
A quick reference to a few things:
This is the
, Tony vows as he breathes Steve in. He will be there to fill the silence and melt the ice, to kiss Steve’s tears away, and hold him through the pain, every minute of every night.
stay in Tony’s bed for as long as he wants, he fathoms, as Tony’s finger pulls out slowly, the realization tingling the inside of his chest like tiny bubbles.
“Only a little,” he sends back too quickly. “Now show me the photo,” he adds, in about a minute or so, and stops counting the days, hours, and minutes between his calls after that.
stretches and echoes in his brain, and he wants to say something, everything to be exact, but it’s a blessing, or a curse, that his brain is not creating any speech commands at the moment.
“You were wet before you walked in, right? That’s how much you want this,” Steve pushes the third finger in and shuffles a little to help Tony pull Steve’s pants down.“I bet you were already wet in the briefing room.” Tony’s breath hitches as soon as he touches Steve’s cock, taking Steve’s breath away too, giving Tony the perfect moment to bite down on Steve’s collarbone hard enough that it would definitely leave a mark.
He nods to Bruce. He either needs to have his fingers realigned without any anesthesia or have them realigned… well without anesthesia. It’s not safe to wait anymore and as far as Bruce is concerned, access to a different drug might not be that easy. So he nods, pretending it’s his choice to go through the torture. It’s not like Tony is not familiar with pain anyway; it can’t hurt any more than when they were being dislocated.
Steve was not happy.
“I am sure you have heard of friends with benefits?” Tony asks with narrowed eyes.
And it was fine, Tony repeated to himself, as Bucky winked at Steve and placed his arm on the small of Steve’s back, more than okay, that Steve was happy and was done waking up from his Bucky nightmares, shaking and in tears.
for SI. It's one of the first things Ty says when he wants to get in  Tony's good books. Even Obie has called him the golden goose when SI share prices skyrocketed after the StarkWatch1 release. But the way this  stranger alpha picks up on Tony's disappointment and knows exactly what to say as damage control is just amazing. A part of Tony's brain is screaming at his stupid need for validation but the rest of him doesn't care. He is suddenly extremely happy and he is not cold or nauseated  any more.
Omegas in Tony’s situation can die, like Nebula herself, and have their names slapped onto an act in return, that’s practically unable to change anything, anyway.
” Dr. Stark narrows his eyes, glances back at his tablet, and pauses for a second. Steve braces himself for the terrifying first question every doctor asks in every exam room, ‘what seems to be the problem today’, but it doesn’t come; thank goodness. “I can see that you’ve been experiencing prolonged erection.”
the first time that anyone has appreciated the scars on Tony's chest, ever. There must be something seriously wrong with Steve though, to appreciate something weird like that. It’s a good flaw; Tony notes, ‘he likes imperfections’.
He takes one more step toward Steve, but he doesn’t look that tall or big anymore. He’s a pathetic bully with some illegal shit in his pockets whom Steve doesn’t need to punch right this second. The big blond alpha who supposedly has a black karate belt stares at Steve for a while, hisses, and looks more like a wet ginger cat as he runs for the door.
tattooed on his neck.”
Steve laughs, throwing his head back a little and Tony twitches his fingers in his pockets, using up a lot of his usually low supplies of self-control to not reach over and wrap his arms around Steve.
“It’s okay, I’ve got you, just wait here, okay?”
by Phlotilla and Andrea Wasse. This is this fic's
An old pain squeezes Tony’s throat, and he can’t feel the butterflies that were flying in his chest anymore. He clutches at Steve’s hand with both of his, unsure if he’s finally succeeding at the encouragement act or if he’s fighting to stay grounded, holding onto Steve like a lifeline. He contemplates crawling over the table to be closer to Steve but the whole diner is already looking at him, or that’s at least what his brain is so unhelpfully providing. “You
“So how is it going, folks? No drunken casualties so far?” he yells as they both bring their ears close. “Is everyone here and doing okay?” he adds casually as if he just means ‘everyone’ and not a certain ‘someone’.
believe that he’s got something inside to make him deserve the honor.
Tony was once in love with this song. The idea of someone being in love with him, just the way he was, with all his curves and all his imperfections was once the most exhilarating concept in the world. The time when he still thought life could be easier and someone might actually like him for the dorky shit show he was. The days Ty would show up in Tony’s parents’ living room with a huge rose bouquet, and endless whispers praising  Tony’s face, his body and his mind. The days he believed in love, literally. The days the idea of being loved was not so fucking ridiculous.
“I sure can. I’ll just have to mention 'Four Seasons' at my press conference tomorrow. If they throw in more money, I might even say I’m generally happy with their service. It works in all cases.”
“Spanking - or slapping for that matter - doesn’t have to be about pain,” Tony says as they finally break away and sit back, still facing each other. “I mean it can be, a lot of people get off on pain, but it’s not just that.”
“He was touching you,” Steve says, fighting the volcano that’s suddenly starting to erupt right within his ribs, “he was... touching you.”
“So if you do love Italian food, how about I make some for you?” Tony says, doing his best not to get overwhelmed by the way Steve suddenly seems absolutely startled, “You know, as a thank you, for making sure I don’t die from hunger,” and he searches Steve’s face as if knowing how he feels about what Tony had said would give him a chance to change it in any way, “I’ll get J to organize delivery, and I’ll let you do the dishes.”
“Then I found YouTube, God bless, and the thousands of Iron Man channels,” Steve says and smiles, small and easy to miss, but it’s there and Tony lets his breath out and does his best to smile back.
Tony wishes that he was doing something else right now; something where he could happily take Steve up on his offer to help. And it’s not like he can’t start
And Day 4 is here!
Butterflies flutter in Steve’s tummy and his head spins a little. It’s the light press on Steve’s lips and the fact that Tony knows that Steve’s soul is too large for his body, and that he just used the L-word when Steve’s been dying to tell him the very same thing for so long since... he can’t even remember when. It’s either and all; it’s this amazing human being, pressed firmly to Steve’s side that’s making him dizzy, making him fly.
Steve looks at his reflection in the bathroom mirror and shakes his head.
All he gets right now is a choice; a decision to either live on the streets or be this random alpha’s temporary omega.
Steve finishes his plate, and three more pieces of garlic bread, and is wondering if it would be rude to ask for more when Tony offers to get him more pasta. He doesn’t reach over to grab Steve’s plate though. He walks around, wraps his hands around Steve’s shoulders and kisses him until he can’t breathe anymore.
“Good. Great. You got us worried for a second there, Tony.”
“What is the problem? You said you aren’t allergic to any medication,” Bruce asks with a frown and he sounds a lot like Jarvis calling Tony out for making up bullshit reasons for not having done his homework.
He can just be.
only get to go if you have these redone and on my desk by the afternoon,” he says and throws the papers on top of the pile of scraps on Tony’s desk, “looks like you’ve gotten Dum-E to do these, after all.”
Sometimes you gotta run before you can walk.
Tony stands up, takes a step forward, and brushes a strand of hair off Steve’s forehead. “Saturday is perfect.”
Tony is gonna survive this. Worse things have happened to him and loving someone who doesn't love you back is not that horrible, is it?
Ty draws his hand out and his fingers touch Tony’s chin. His touch is cutting and cold but for a fraction of a second, part of Tony’s omega brain craves to be buried in the familiarity of Ty’s scent. He leans in toward Ty, because the world might stop spinning if he rests his head on Ty’s chest. But right before his cheek reaches the smooth fabric of Ty’s Jacket, Tony feels a sharp stabbing pain deep inside his belly. Something invisible grabs at him and pulls him back inch by inch. He is still light-headed and shaky but he is not uncertain anymore.
Ty is talking about art. He has actually been talking about the artwork in the living room for the past 30 minutes, showcasing the
Captain Rogers levels his head and sits back.
“But you have done this before, right? I am not your --” and Steve’s not sure what he does with his face but Tony’s suddenly kissing him all gentle and fierce again.
Sorry ??? You are more than welcome to yell at me, and I love you guys so much <333
, but he can’t bring himself to say those words, and besides, he can’t really look at the stains on Dr. Stark's scrubs, right over his chest, which Steve can swear were not there when he first came into the room, so he just covers his face with both of his hands.
“Among the people in this room-” Tony looks around the room at Nat, Clint, and then back at Steve, “-who’s wearing a spangly outfit and is of no use?”
The million different tests that Steve puts Tony through over the next months are more appropriate for a top-secret spy job.
Tony smiles. “Look, I am not judging you, it’s perfectly okay to have a crush on…well anybody.” And he turns to his side too, so he can look at Steve’s perfect eyes that are so adorably confused right now.
“Sure,” Tony smiles, and something that Steve did not know existed breaks in his chest. “I’ll call you, alright?”
Well, holy fucking mother of shit.
Steve smiles, in an effort to stop the tears welling up. “Okay. Not too extravagant, though. Say, fifty dollars tops?”
“And I’m damaged goods too. You’re broken? Maybe, okay,” he says, as he brushes his fingers down the sides of Steve’s face, his voice low but confident. “But if you will have me,” he smiles as his own tears finally fall, and Steve’s hands snake around his waist, pressing into his sides pulling him in. “I wanna be broken with you.”
He had a thing for his boyfriend’s best friend, and instead of feeling wrong and ashamed, the realization felt like a hot swirl of want in his belly.
And a huge shout out to people on
I appreciate each and every comment including the emojis, so please tell me what you think :)
Steve’s face stiffens for a second, and Tony gives himself a mental kick. “Ah, I don’t know? I mean I get beaten up quite frequently and there is nothing sexy about broken shoulders and black eyes.”
“You had no idea how to boil an egg when we first met. But look at the feast you threw tonight. It was amazing.” Ty's smile widens into a grin that shows off his beautiful white teeth. Tony’s heart is not racing anymore though. He keeps Ty’s gaze and even manages to keep his soft smile in place, but he can feel the blood draining from his ears and his fingers and toes getting ice cold. He is suddenly very very nauseated  and it won’t be the worst thing in the world if he accidentally throws up right this moment.
, in case you wanted to reblog it!
, as soon as he stepped into Tony’s workshop. It was a different kind of satisfaction to watch Bucky’s eyes go wide when Tony would ramble on about the latest development in jets, or have him listen with a half-open mouth, when Tony had recited his TED talk on how transistors had revolutionized, well, everything. The way his whole face had lit up when Tony showed him the vintage blueprints of SI flying cars and squealed in pure excitement when Tony reassured him that the schematics were for the cars on display at the 1945 Stark Expo. How his cheeks had colored the very last time he was in the workshop, as Tony was working on fixing a quirk of Bucky’s elbow. How he had smiled and ducked his head at the slightest touch of Tony’s fingers on the scars of his shoulder.
Later in the evening, back at the compound, Steve chairs debrief meetings— pointless arguments between the broken superheroes who fight each other instead of an enemy whose whereabouts they have no clue of. He makes sure that everyone has something to eat, some hours of sleep, and a shower every once in a while. He cleans up the bathrooms. He cleans up the kitchen. He clears out the mess of take-out food boxes and ice cream tubs. He then walks up and down the long hallway listening to muffled sounds from behind closed bedroom doors until everything goes quiet and he can’t feel his feet anymore.
“Didn’t matter what the video was. A high definition footage of the Mark XLV flying in Sokovia or the conspiracy theory on how the US government is behind the whole show and Iron Man is a puppet to clean up their messes. I would just watch him fly and the image would expand in my mind, taking over the whole space, and it’d be a couple of minutes before he was all I could think about. He made me warm, and kept me safe, and undid the knots in my chest one by one.
“Clint’s scored a ‘date’ and is already halfway through town to get laid, and Tony is chit-chatting with that hot blond guy from Intelligence,” Nat yells back and points to somewhere behind Steve. She then continues to yell but Steve can’t hear her anymore. He turns over his shoulders to where Natasha had pointed, and it takes him a little bit to get used to the dark before he can find Tony
Ty lets go of Tony’s waist, fucking finally, and comes a little closer. He looks Steve up and down, and he is close enough for Steve to have an excellent shot of punching that smile off that ridiculous face but Tony's delicate fingers seem to have turned into steel around Steve’s arm.
It’s been right there in front of him the whole time. The fieriest eyes he has ever seen, the same burning soul that’s been looking back at Tony through the years whenever he has needed it the most. The power when Tony was at his weakest, the light through the darkest nights. The reason Tony has never lost faith, even at the most trying times, never stopped believing even if it felt like the most unbelievable concept then, that it’s possible to do something good, something meaningful, something right.
Tell me what you think please, your comments, even the shortest ones give me the motivation to keep writing.
“No, we barely have enough water for people who are not in heat. And we have little power to keep us afloat so we can’t synthesize any food. According to Starfleet Secondary Gender handbook, food and water are crucial in suddent heats to keep an omega alive before getting to a medical facility, and we are short on both.”
“It should be very little discomfort now, and I want you to tell me if it starts to hurt even a little bit. You think you can do that for me, Steve?” Dr. Stark smiles back, and God, why does he look more beautiful with every smile?
“I’d say my bed, but that’s a bit inappropriate,” Steve chuckles as he sets two plates stacked with pancakes on the counter, “and also a big fat lie.”
“Is there a chance you might be a little stressed? Your assignment came as a bit of a shock, with Captain Wilson getting assigned to diplomatic duty all of a sudden.” He smiles and pats Steve on the shoulder. “Just lie down for half an hour and I’ll be back to get your vitals again.”
“It’s nothing. I’m… nothing. I’m sorry.” He rubs his hands on his face. “I’ll meet you onboard.”
Tony kisses the tip of his nose and it’s endearing and hot as hell, and he pulls back a little. He grabs Steve’s hand with both of his, lifts his chin, and the way he looks at Steve, awed and soft and yet beaming desire, takes Steve’s breath away.
Gentle strokes clean him up, and soft warmth envelopes his body as Tony pulls the covers over them. “How are you feeling?”
Tony is also happy. Fine. Peachy. He is just
Bucky manages to make Steve sit on the wheelchair to go back to his own room, only after the head nurse promises to put Steve’s omega in the same room as him as soon as he’s out of CCU.
He sits up finally and leans forward to kiss Tony’s hair. He then grabs the coffee mug from the bedside table to hand it to Tony and wonders if the way his eyes light up with the sight of coffee would ever stop being amusing.
“Breathe,” Tony says and Steve does his best, but it’s too hard to do anything - even breathe - with the finger teasing his hole, tracing the rim over and over again. It’s just impossible to focus on pushing the air out or pulling it in, with the want that’s burning through his body, the firm and slow pressure of Tony’s finger that’s pushing in, gentle but insistent, the way Steve’s hole gives to let Tony’s finger slide all the way in, pressing against something deep inside causing sparks to run all over Steve’s skin.
Steve doesn’t hear the rest of that sentence. Watching Tony hunch over himself as if he’s being punched over and over again, he does his best to recite the reasons why he should use his words before his fists, but it’s too late; his brain has stopped functioning already, and his body is burning in rage.
. Literally. And metaphorically.
Tony huffs at the next question. “Gosh, maybe we should skip this one?”
“Easy ha? And you tell me now, while I’ve been trying so fucking hard to get into your pants,” and he leans forward to kiss Steve’s nose, which is starting to flush red again.
“Let go of him,” Steve says, and his voice sounds foreign to his own ears. “Can’t let you take him away like this.”
As Tony’s brain starts to process and understand, he wonders why he’s not reaching for the door and running away. He should be screaming now, or crying in absolute frustration, so why, why, why all he can do is to drown in the heavy bergamot scent and sit still?
Very, very simple.
“It was nothing,” Steve replies nonchalantly, but something bubbles in his heart and spills into his chest. “Punching bullies, and making you happy?” He peppers quick kisses on the corner of Tony’s mouth. “I can do this all day.”
Steve closes his eyes and wonders if he’s relaxing or tensing up as he presses his feet onto the stirrups and balls his fists, hoping to not have ripped any holes into the plastic of the examination table. There is a clicking sound, a deep breath, followed by a hum, and the plug starts to move. It actually starts to move, it's coming out, as Dr. Stark announces cheerfully, and it’s too much, the friction, the fullness, the sparks that are flickering in Steve’s brain, Dr. Stark’s tight grip on Steve’s thigh holding him in place. The pressure that’s been building since the morning, after Dr. Stark stuck a finger inside, all the humiliation and arousal and the fucking overstimulation, finally break through as Dr. Stark pulls the plug out, and the flood bursts through the dam and takes the very last of Steve’s self-restraint along with it.
This is not fair. Tony does not know which one is less fair though; the fact that such a simple question is too overwhelming because no one has made him cookies since Jarvis or the fact that he keeps swallowing around the stupid damn lump in his throat but can’t manage to get any words out. He tries to bring his hand up to run them over his face, but the right hand is no position to be used and the left one is wrapped in little fingers. Tony wonders if Nat’s just holding his hand to keep it in place because of the IV, but the sensation of someone actually holding his hand without pressing his fingers in some sort of stupid code is surreal.
