“Sorry,”   he murmurs inarticulately , in a confused way, ”I’m sorry.  It was a bad idea to come here.” He moves the empty cup and plate , drops a folded banknote near them and stands up, maybe he is weak, but  he is independent and self-sufficient. And the phlegm air is again on his face with some kind of scorn. He doesn’t look at John, stands up and leaved café , disappeared in the twilight, leaving only a pain in the heart., The pain in a silly loving John’s heart.
The shift in the café passes too slow. The text book of anatomy seems to be written in Martian  language and John can’t concentrate and can’t understand a word. Victor isn’t very adequate today, maybe he has taken something, thinks John, observing his hurried breath,  disposition to sweating, very suspicious feverish shining of his eyes, and miotic pupils.
John wants. He is eager to feel  Sherlock’s shoulder nearby, smells his odor,  has his unruffled calm and strength. John  wants  Sherlock to  take the part of  his damned problem as he’s so tired to carry them alone.
“Black, two sugars,” he orders with his  special voice  which makes John shiver.
"Your macchiato, please, " says he to a fat man in the plaid shirt and a west, says the price and gives the change. And he gives his duty smile to  the next client: "Ready for your order."
And with this promise he turns round and comes to the utility room.
John has almost convinced himself that all Sherlock’s visits to the café are random  and didn’t ever demonstrate his interest to John. John thinks about the possibility to find another work just not to be caught with this Sherlock’s attractiveness. But there are a lot of problems to find a part-time job for students connected with the schedule and John clearly imagines  all the difficulties connected with  leaving of the café. The best way is to ignore Sherlock and be sure he doesn’t’ exist at all, to forbid his silly heart to beat faster under the glance of grey (or may be blue?) eyes. John falls asleep at dawn, his cheek on the notebook with chemistry  formulas. In his dream he and Sherlock  are walking  around the park.
But the idea that Sherlock, this unbelievable   and aristocratic Sherlock will get acquainted with Harry who is drunk, is horrible and unbearable.
“Fine,” nods John. “Under other conditions I could recommend you to take a shower but it’s really better to go to bed now as you are devilishly tired. I’ll give you some juice.” John is sure that Mike has a packet of orange juice. “Lie down,” this is a place to take a little pause as John is afraid of Sherlock’s  objection and  intention to leave this place quickly.
John has so many variants to answer: “cause I love you”, “cause you’re handsome and I want you to be my only one”, “because I wake up with your name”, “because all my dreams are about you”, “because  you are what I think about when I masturbate in the shower…”
“Because you have  blacked out several times and I didn’t know where you live, and it was faster than take you to the hospital...” John suggests some harmless half-truth ideas.
“You don’t have  enough time for everything, do you?” Victor asks  in a kind voice. “ What do you do at nights?”
And it is high time for John’s blood to boil: “Stop lying me, Sherlock. You heard that I cried to you. You just ran away. The whole street heard me. The whole damned street knew that it was Clara , Harry’s girl-friend and she was a lesbian. That  I…” and John interrupted himself as he is not able to feel this come-down one more time. He is tired and asks one more time: “I will repeat my question: why were you angry?”
“Unbelievable!” he sighs, “Fantastic!”
"Oh, this  dude. Again, "  says Victor through his teeth, looking  somewhere over John’s shoulder.
Sherlock keeps silence and John makes the first , then hardest step to the door. His heart is breaking into pieces but  the second step is a little bit easier. He will have a possibility to cry later, alone. And the falling snow hides his tears and  cold his flashing cheeks.
“Show me your hands,”  Sherlock orders and his voice doesn’t allow John to say anything against. His sleepiness and tiredness has fallen into the background. John demonstrates his hands and notices his hurt bones and  scratches.  He didn’t notice them when he washed his hands. And now its Sherlock’s turn to pour his scratches, blow on them, spread the necessary ointment and put a plaster on.
“Oh, we will  thank my brother, surely, “ Sherlock assures John,” He is a great asshole  but  sometimes he can be kind.”
For the three days of Harry’s coma John loses his sense of time,   mixes day and night, he doesn’t remember his last meal and how is it to sleep at night. He’d like to do something but he has no money, no relations, and nobody to ask any help. The doctors can’t say anything and their prognoses are different, the nurses visit Harry for a moment to make all necessary  treatment and go to another patients. John can’t demand anything as he understands that   there are a lot of patients like Harry here but he realizes that if the situation doesn’t change  he won’t last long. John feels awful when he decides  to go out. It’s high time. The nurse is getting Harry on a usual grip and promises John to sit some time nearby. John goes to the porch of the hospital and screws up his eyes as the sun shines too bright. It seems to him that all the world has run   far away and it is only he to stay near the broken car. He inhale a full breast of this wet warm London air and sits down the stairs. He feels giddy and his hand are trembling. John closes his eye and tries to imagine that he is very far from hear. And when he opens his eyes he sees Sherlock. Sherlock is standing in front of him giving him a big plastic glass of water and a packet with something that smells like fresh fancy cakes.
They are rude in their caress and movements but a little pain make them feel better. The come  at  the same time just having their cocks rubbed together. And then in   unconscious bliss and comfort they completely take their clothes off and touch each other making careful and close study of each other. The fall asleep on the floor having their hands and legs  interlaced. Sherlock’s head is on John’s shoulder and even in his dream John hugs Sherlock as if trying to protect him. They are close  and happy as they haven’t ever been.
defense is broken and now he is unprotected and opened for Sherlock and his love. John feels that Sherlock needs him a lot and tries to explain that he needs  him too and maybe even more.  He tries to demonstrate it with the language of his body and Sherlock kisses him and whispers as if he is in a fever : “Mine… Mine..  Mine… At last you are mine… Forever…” And John can’t say a word as his tongue doesn’t obey him at all as usual and  lays himself open to Sherlock’s endearments and  bending  to meet his touching. This is their first time together but they don’t control themselves and are in a hurry  as they want to assert their rights to each other marking  their bodies with kisses and love bites.
“ I haven’t broken off, I haven’t lost myself ” says Sherlock quietly as an answer for all John’s troubles unspoken, “no connection with drugs. I’ve just had no meals recently. I was busy.”
“Oh, he came and he was completely  beaten, his face was just one large bruise,” whispers she, “  He has lost some frontal teeth. Have you any ideas who can be blame? I think that there were his drug addicted pals. Do you know that he spread this muck.” John nods when it is necessary but he is too busy thinking if Sherlock comes here today. Surely and unboubtful  that there is not any reason for Sherlock to come here today but his silly heart has a big hope for meeting. Certainly, Sherlock is absent. Moreover, when John returns to his bedroom, he finds  his bed free. There is no food or  the note on the bedside table, the trousers are  put on the table. It seems to John that Sherlock has borrowed his T-shirt as his  clothes can’t be worn now.  And there is not any  other sigh that Sherlock was here. John sighs  bitterly and  gives Mike the juice which was bought instead of taken back. Mike doesn’t understand anything. Johns goes to bed without changing the bed sheet  and pillow slip . Even if is only an illusion that the bed keeps Sherlock’s  smell, John  absolutely doesn’t want to lose it.
“it’s great,’ nods John, “Let’s  have a look on your head. Can you bend forward a little?”
John Stretches his hand to his dirty jacket which is lying in the corner like a ugly pile and feels Sherlock’s hands on his shoulders. They get him to stand still and then turn him round. They faces are  impermissibly close to each other and John gets that Sherlock eyes  have the colour of sea water. Sherlock is looking at John and smiling widely and he looks like mischievous boy.
While he is making Viennese coffee, he hears a  voice behind him saying:"Thank you, John. I was glad to meet you."
"Coretto, " another client wants a cup of coffee and John  unwillingly takes his eyes off. He tries to persuade himself that there is no flirt but it is just a complement from the chef. The history continues under the dirty look of Victor and dreamful look of Molly. Sherlock and John haven’t moved more than one cup of coffee but it seems to John that he’s rushing down the steep slope and he hast lost the moment to stop this race. John has no ideas about Sherlock’s thoughts.
“No, I didn’t.” Sherlock grins,” I don’t like them. I can lip read and I don’t need to hear to get the situation. My deduction came into existence because of my hatred to the aids.”
"Jerk!" John spits it out being ready to have a fight but it is impossible due to another client coming to the bar. John slaps the false grin on  and says:"Can I take your order?"
"Damned, how did you kno…" These are the only sounds  escaped from his lips as a hoarse sigh and  then he just moves with his lips without saying a word and an unbearable fear is swashing in his eyes.
After a little pause the man  says as  if he hadn’t any doubts: “Baker Street, 221 B. Good luck, John!”
“It was broken,” answers Sherlock immediately and turns his eyes aside as if he is guilty.
“I felt your smell,” explains Sherlock and I decided that it was a hallucination as I was thinking about you all along. I even looked around to see  you  but nobody was,  there.  Damn, damn, damn it… Please, forgive me, John!” Sherlock looks upset and John is full of self-reproach.
It doesn’t mean anything though John can’t stop dreaming about Holmes during his lectures, he can’t stop envisaging his face and looking  forward   for meeting  him.  John makes guesses about  Sherlock’s coming during the lecture on  inorganic chemistry , and draws a men in a long coat with a shock of black hair  instead of pediculas humanius during histology. John doesn’t like his drawing and , with a great unpleasure, he returns to the microscope. Mike Stemford has a look into  John’s notebook and nods his head surprisingly. John hardly cuts it fine to finish his task till the end of the  lecture and he runs to his work without saying goodbye. He can’t be late as he need this money badly. He lives  from hand to mouth, his scholarship isn’t worth speaking about and sometimes he has to give some money to Harry as she is in low water . Her jobhunting doesn’t give any results. He doesn’t have enough for himself but it goes without saying that his sister has  priority in this question.. John often dreams to have one more job but it means that he will not be able to study and he can’t allow himself to lose the uni. He is just a boy from an unhappy and disadvantaged family and he can’t lose the only chance to change his future  and achieve something. At work John tries to stop his obsessional  thoughts about Sherlock. He automatically  pours the coffee, and gives Molly his smiles, and successfully  ignores Victor’s grumbling.
Having got up he understands that it will be very uneasy to realize all his night decisions. He spends his Sunday repairing his gaps in chemistry Mike brings him a glass of coffee and a doughnut and that’s the only John’s meal for the whole day. To tell the truth , any food got stuck in his throat, but John’s brain need calories to work and that’s why John chokes the  fancy pastry and caffeine down. The last lab is done at 4 am. John pushes the notebook away and decides to play truant and not visit the morning lectures. He let himself slip to dream. His dreaming is uneasy but deep and he gets up being completely another person, Having a shower he furiously rub himself with a bath sponge as if he tries to tear his poor  and completely unnecessary love off  and let all his thoughts , memories and dreams about Sherlock  to be taken with the soap foam and change the smell of Sherlock’s expensive perfume, which is saved in his memory, for the smell of citrus gel. He wasn’t in love, isn’t in love and he is free from all these silly things, deviant wishes and whim. Tonight John is going to ask Molly Hooper for a date and tomorrow will have its own plans to stop thinking about Sherlock. Never more. It’s a life plan of John Watson, the student of the first year student of the medical faculty before long.   And he is prepares for his work trying to ignore the annoying pain in his heart.
"Amazing, " whispers John and  watches him  adorable. Sherlock keeps silence and doesn’t show any attitudes to the accident.
"It’s clear, "  John understands nothing but he doesn’t want to be named stalker and stops his little research..
"He has told he doesn’t have any allergy," she says in a weak voice.
Yes, everything is returning to normal. Harry is on the way to recovery. They are a pair of shoes with Clara and affairs of the heart are also OK. Harry doesn’t disturb John every moment and it gives him a possibility to catch up his study. His job is also OK and John is busy making Turkish coffee and lungo.  In his first day at work Molly tells him that she supposes Sherlock to solve all the problems with the administration of the café. When she spoke with them, they answered as if all necessary information was given and everything was decided. John asks about Sherlock’s surname and Molly knows the answer: “Holms. Sherlock Holmes.”
The reality can’t be worse. Reached the place, John finds some policemen and Harry’s crashed car. He can’t see Harry but there is a big puddle  of blood, covered with a thin layer of broken glass.
Fais-moi un bon café,
“Hello, John. I was waiting for you to call. Can I help you?”
Sherlock listens to him with a strange air and nods in agreement but his face clearly demonstrates  his doubts as if he asked about other things. Then he just looks another way and clasp the given  clothes to his breast. John wants to stay and help him with changing, to do something more but he goes to the shower instead. After having a cold shower John returns and see Sherlock sleeping dressed in his T-shirt and trousers, with his hands under his cheek and his knees pulled to his chest. Surely John’s trousers are too short for him and the T-shirt has ridden up and John cat see a couple of bruise left by Victor’s fists. John thinks that he will keep awake for all night long guarding Sherlock but his eyes immediately close and he falls asleep without any dreams.
It doesn’t mean John has any practice of his profession but he has a good experience of living in a bad district .
"Black, two sugars, " he says and  he doesn’t look aside and John nods quickly.
"Black with two sugars, "says Molly in answer to his shocked look .
“If you overdose, the psychedelic stimulators can  provoke a disturbance of the psyche with insomnia, anxiety, delirium and hallucinations. If you use them constantly you will have the whole nervous breakdown, depression, mental oppression,”  Sherlock enumerates the symptoms in a  nonchalant, indifferent voice but at the end he adds with a little regret, “ and I haven’t mentioned the addiction. I’m a former bangster, I know what I’m talking about. Though you can’t be “former” when we talk about drug-addiction.” he nods his head and John tries to persuade himself that  he  doesn’t feel the bitter taste of Sherlock’s last words.
you never said it was Mycroft's.”
He should have known that things were going entirely too well to last.
“Then you're gone. Just gone,” Sherlock answers for him agitatedly, sitting up an and burying his fingers in his hair in frustration. “You could have forever.”
He’s ruined this opportunity; showing his hand and making John think he’s just a desperate, needy Omega after all. John catches on immediately, clambering back onto his knees quickly and framing Sherlock’s face soothingly between his palms.
"Black, two sugars," John can barely hear Molly’s words but he nods and takes jezve. He measures some coffee with a spoon, pours water, he moves automatically. John tries to convince himself that it is just one more coffee for a just one more client but suddenly he drops two leaves of mint  before giving Molly the  cup. “It doesn’t really mean anything, it has not any  influence for the taste of the coffee, it is just an expression of his favour,” all these thoughts must assures himself but his heart beating takes a pause when Molly puts the order on the table and leaves Sherlock  quickly. John sees Sherlock turns round surprisingly and his eyes are looking for John and then he takes his cup and  his lips taste the drink. For a moment they stare  each other and then a client comes to John and after his leaving with another cup of conpanno  John watches Sherlock is busy with his smartphone. But at least he didn’t protest or wasn’t offended and didn’t run away far from John’s attention. John feels good and  he sings the Beatles’ song about the walrus till they call it the end..When  Sherlock leaves, the wind rushes into the café one more time to play with the laps of his coat and it adds some infernality to all his image. John looks at Sherlock’s back and smiles. He smiles foolishly and lovingly. But certainly, it doesn’t mean anything.
He doesn’t say a word that Sherlock has become even more thinner than he was last time John saw him. But they don’t need  any words to understand each other. They are sit  and eating the croissants and have the coffee from one plastic glass  in turn. And after they just sit  and keep silence. When Sherlock’s phone vibrates in his pocket, he
“Help?” repeats John. “What   are you going to do to help me? Would you like to fulfill all the tasks?”   John  has a deep and tire sigh. “There will be an exam at the end of the semester and I am backward.”
Victor shows him an indecent gesture in answer under the bar stand and John becomes red. John is angry.
But the only thing he is able to do is to have a shower and goes to bed. He sleeps soundly. Morning meets him with a message from an unknown number: “How is your sister? Sh.”  John things for a moment and writes the answer: “Thanks. Everything is returning to normal.”
“What?” John is amazed and  can’t get the situation.
The next day Sherlock doesn’t come to the café and John is despaired. Sherlock doesn’t appear for three days and it’s enough to John’s world to go hell. He doesn’t sleep well, can’t concentrate during the lectures, losses  his temper with Molly  and answers back to Victor. He is quite ready to fight with patient Mike or gets completely drunk as he understands that Sherlock doesn’t’ come to café because he has lost any interest to John, no matter what kind of interest it was. John is eager to play a role of guinea pig  if only  one curly head can be found somewhere near him. But the miracle happens only on the fourth day , when having lost any hope to see Sherlock John notices the familiar silhouette dressed in swinging  black coat at the doors of the café.
John screws up his eyes as the light  at the landing is a little bit bright for him/ Sherlock helps him but John understands that he has more than two  rib broken. They  go up the  off his high stairs and find themselves in a little loving room with a fireplace. John take off his dirty Jacket and places it in the corner not to  stain anything. He looks around and sees the mess  and desolation in the room as if a tornado played in it. John supposes that  he exactly  knows the name of that tornado.
John comes to his senses and turns to Sherlock: “How are you? Sick? Dizzying?”  The ‘regime of security’ is off and the ‘regime of doctor” is on in a moment. “Do you need my help?”
“Yes,” answers John and he is astonished that there is one person except Sherlock with such great brain, but surely they are six of one and half a dozen of the other  unlike stupid John. “Could you tell me his address?” For all  this time John hasn’t ever visited Sherlock as Sherlock didn’t invite him and John was too timid to ask himself – he thought he was happy as it was.
He is awaken by a  strong blow  in the back which makes him to fall down the porch  and plumps his bottom right into the mud mess. The light from the opened door shows the well known  lanky figure in the coat. John blinks and tries to understand what is happening. It is  far into the night –he has slept for a long time on Sherlock’s porch and now Sherlock , who is completely dressed , is standing at the door  and is looking at  John prostrating in front of the porch.  John groans and summon his strength and Sherlock runs down the stairs and kneels near John, takes his chin, scans with his unbelievable eyes.
"It’s not true," squeals the fatty reviving himself and he is coming back, back, back from the crowd, which is parting to let him out.
“Just have it!” and Sherlock eats obediently as if he were a little kid  and weren’t able to refused the order of his parents.
At the café John is effusively polite with the clients, discuss the weather with Molly and the repertoire of the cinemas. Molly is so surprised with his invitation to the cinema that agreed and now they are making their film selection. John beats the band trying not to look at the entrance. He isn’t waiting for Sherlock but he is obviously nervous. Molly casually tells him that there was no Sherlock there without John. John is trying to demonstrate an indifference , shrugs his shoulders and suggests an art house movie produced by Darren Aronofsky. Before saying yes Molly fixedly and intently stares at John but he just shrugs his shoulders  and  cites an anecdote. Molly turns aside.
Sherlock  twitches as if John pushed him and he keeps silence, glancing at John. The talk is surrealistic as they are still in the street, John is sitting in the pavement  and Sherlock  is in kneeling position on the lowest  step of the porch. They are surrounded with night and something like snow is falling down. John is surprised as he understands that Christmas is near.
The first time of Sherlock’s appearance in the café concurs with the first day of John’s work. According to Molly’s words, he drank his coffee somewhere else if really drank it at all. And John suggests that Sherlock likes him.  And they quickly return to their previous  variant of conversation but they have done a great step forward. And now Sherlock writes  a lot of messages, from the simplest  “Good morning” to “What time will it take from an experienced surgeon to  disbud a kidney at home?” In his turn, John is glad to remind Sherlock to have breakfast , tries not to be shocked  with these strange and doubtful questions  and  he isn’t lazy to look through some books to find  the  necessary information. Sherlock visits the café. Sometimes he is absent for some days due to  his  detective affairs. But  now he always warns John sending him a message. And John is very grateful as he would go mad   if he was left  uncertain about his Sherlock .But they enjoy the  time which they spend together in the café: they  are together and even can touch  each other. Sometimes they  have funny discussions about the clients as Sherlock amuses John by telling the true  things which are open for him. After the end of John’s work they go to the John’s dormitory and Sometimes Sherlock visits him to have a cup of tea. It is really just hot tea which John  makes and brews  in a little Chinese teapot. Due to Sherlock’s intuition he comes only the days when Mike Stamford is on his night duties as he works as a nurse boy in the hospital. Sherlock often tells John about his crime detections and John listens him with astonishment, hanging on every Sherlock’s word. Sometimes they just keep silence sitting nearby on John’s bed and John often drops  off to sleep on Sherlock’s shoulder. In the morning Sherlock is always away but a cup of coffee, hot and tasty, and a bun are near. Sometimes John makes guesses about his role in Sherlock’s life .The answer  about his attitude to Sherlock was decided long ago – John realizes that this is love. It seems to John  that  Sherlock is not indifferent for him as all this care and time spent together demonstrate a deep feeling but  doubts are always present in John’s heart. He is so ordinary and plain, His appearance isn’t  attractive, he isn’t wit, he is just  average John Watson. Then he asks himself about the reasons of Sherlock’s behavior. Why is it so if it is not a sympathy? And answers are  fantastic and wild from a mystic bet with him as a goal to a unknown experiment where he plays a role of a little guinea pig. And he remembers a strange and powerful man with an umbrella and his relation to Sherlock. It is enough to kill John . He feels disturbed and uneasy. But he can’t think bad things about Sherlock. He is not able to think bad about him. And he moves all his doubts and jealousy  away and loses his head near Sherlock. He doesn’t ask anything more. But he can’t stop dreaming about it.
“Can’t recommend you to do it! Besides a short-time improving of your cognitive functions, which can be taken as an improvement of memory and attention, you will have  an asthenia followed by headaches,  tiredness and degradation.”
For a moment John hides in the utility room, takes off his uniform apron takes his things out of his service locker and runs out from the private entrance. Ye doesn’t notice the gangling Sherlock’s figure until he runs into him.
He returns to the café, makes excuses to Clara and send a message to Sherlock: “We must have a talk.” Then he writes the next one: “You‘ve taken everything in a wrong way.” And the third:”This is Clara. She’s Harry’s girlfriend. She is a lesbian.” But the third SMS isn’t received as Sherlock has switched off his phone. John is in despair. But he doesn’t know what to do. Where can he find Sherlock as he doesn’t’ want to be found? He has to wait. Only wait.  He has been waiting for two days and it is too much for him. He forgets about his study and takes additional work in the café in order to catch Sherlock. Bu he is absent. John is wires. He troubles about Sherlock. He is ready to run about the whole city but it is better to begin with Sherlock’s home.  The only tiny problem is that John doesn’t know his address.  And John makes a step he would never do if could think soundly and sensible. He takes the card and phones too the man with an umbrella.
"The twenty you have yelled about was given this morning to a guy named Pete as a part of your debt for something that can easily be found in the breast pocket of your waist.- Sherlock’s aristocratic finger points with disgust to the edge of a cellophane pocket which leans out of the pocket.- I think the police will be interested in    composition of this powder. And before naming somebody a thief it is worth to remember that it is you who  systematically robs your chief. You change the genuine spare parts for the Chinese mass-produced items. It is your business, isn’t it?"
John quickly tells about the medicine and the nurse but doesn’t say about the click. Eventually, the doctors didn’t persist on it.
Having a lot of problems with Harry John is close enough  to be late to his work. There is no Victor behind the counter and  Molly, who is too nervous, says only that he has left this work.
-Oh my God, Sherlock, - the inspector is deeply amazed and so is John, - how did you guess about asthma?
“They. They were unlucky,” John  answers firmly looking straight  in Sherlock’s eyes. “And I’m lucky as I have found you.”
John cries it so loud that only a deaf wouldn’t be able to ignore his words but Sherlock leaves him anyway. He even doesn’t turn his head just disappears in a crowd. Why he didn’t believe John?  Or believed? Maybe, John words scared him? He hasn’t ever told John about his feelings. And John suggests that it was only his illusion: no love, no friendship, no relations. Just two guys who love coffee. Nonsense! Trifle!  John stops his thoughts as he understands that all Sherlock’s deeds demonstrated his feelings rather good without any words. It is the most important and precious in any person for John, isn’t it? Not words but deeds. But why did has he left? John has explained everything, hasn’t he? Why? And John doesn’t have any answer and feels his heart dying in the ocean of desperate.
Victor adds some oil to the fuel:"Oh, our dude comes with his boyfriend. What did I say – he is a bitch! Wagged his behind and found this fucking fop."Victor is emitting with poison and anger."I say, Johnny,  it is no-win situation  for you, poor thing. You’re going to flunk out  against him. It’s no chance for a guy like you."
That’s why his heart changes its pulse and he is often melancholic. It’s high time to stop this comedy but John isn’t able to cut this….how it could be called… maybe , under -relationship.But there is a big chance that there is even nothing to cut and everything was created only with his great imagination.
"If you wish I close the cash desk and count the day’s receipts," John voice sounds awful as he clearly imagine that it will not safe him from the scandal.
" Empty your pockets! Call the police!"
“I… Me…” murmurs John, trying to go him round and he really doesn’t know what to say but Sherlock  doesn’t let him go and needs no words to understand.
“What?” And Sherlock’s arrogance disappears and he looks  lost and vulnerable. “What do you say?” He is nervous as he can’t completely understand John’s reaction.
John smiles and cant’ stand to get closer to Sherlock to have some more hugs and Sherlock  is as  enthusiastic as if he was starving and John were some bread. They fall on each other clutching clothes and trying to  be as close as possible. Insatiable hands  touching their bodies, lips find lips to become one in a kiss and   find themselves on the old and shabby Persian carpet which is full of different chemicals spots. All John’s
" Between us? " John astonishment is sincere and bitter at the same time. – Molly, there can’t be any “us”. It’s a wrong word. There is an interest and  admiration from my side and a cold condescension of  the British queen to her vassals from his side. Nothing more.
“why did you switch away your phone?” asks  John. “Fuck, I’ve sent you a hundred of messages but you just switched your mobile off.” John feels anger and revenge and tries to keep himself under the control.
John turns to look at Molly. He is sad as he understands that this client is a sample of people, who will prove his right with froth at the mouth. They will never excuse even if it is proved that they are wrong.
Two days later Victor is filled with indignant:"He stares at you!"
After this confession John looks down as he doesn’t want  a painful question  to be asked.
"Yeah, " confirms Molly, "he has free schedule or distant education, I don’t know exactly. Sometimes he goes to the university but he doesn’t attends any lectures. He doesn’t need them," she makes a vague  gesture to  demonstrate the superlative level of Sherlock’s knowledge.
And John realizes that he can be searched  immediately and he doesn’t remember his cash. It really  may be a twenty pound banknote somewhere in his pockets."	I…" and he turns pale,  and he feels sick. He is fed up with this cruel farce,
Sherlock’s fingers are thin and nervous but they also are careful and cool. He hardly touches John’s wounds , treating them with disinfection liquid , spreading the ointment and pasting the bandage on. Sometimes he blows on damaged skin to relief the pain and John  feels that he is out of reality. He reminds their first quarrel and that he gave Sherlock the first aid after it. And John loses his head as Sherlock stand too close to him and he breath his  scent and tries to remember it and to control  his heart, asking  it to  stop beating so violently. Sherlock finishes his manipulations and say with a short giggle:”Alright. Unfrozen.”
Victor nods, “Do you need any help?”
“What?” Johns bleed lips stretches in a  light smile.”I t happened  en route to your home. They weren’t lucky…”
"Hey, chap, "the fatty is looking for something in his purse, " you’ve mistaken with my change, haven’t you? I gave you a twenty, and what? Where is my money? What a small change is it!"
John  turns back to give his last glance to Sherlock and  watches him nervously looking around as if he is looking for something. He might have not found all the evidences yet, - thinks John bitterly and he is annoyed. He covers his head with  the hood and runs out of park having his heart bleeding from offense and disappointment.
Certainly, maybe Sherlock’s attempt to get the first-year student involved in the work on crime detection will fail, but John concentrates and tries to remember everything he has learned. It seems to him they  will have a lot of corpses to examine in future. And Sherlock’s shining eyes  just prove his  guess.
"Why is that? " the fatty is surprised. He turned to the voice and now he is looking at Sherlock  who is two heads taller.
John takes him and thinks the possible ways: take Sherlock to the hospital or to the students’ hostel. John’s hostel is closer than the hospital and in decides everything. John chooses his room. At last, he always can call the ambulance. John with his arm round Sherlock’s waist, putting Sherlock’s arm on his shoulder takes him to the university town,. It’s rather good that Mike Stamford is on duty today and he will avoid the unnecessary questioners about this unasked and unwilling visitor.  All his way to the hostel Sherlock keeps silence, but sometimes his kissing through his teeth and groans. John supposes that he has blacked out for some times but there is no time to ask about details. John reminds the content of his first-aid fit and is very glad that he used money when he filled it. They have no problems to enter the dormitory. John takes Sherlock into his room and lays him on his bad as if Sherlock is a doll. Though the situation is really crazy John is  happy to take care of Sherlock.
“Don’t be absurd,” he scolds, biting into a mince pie with a relish John hasn’t seen him in weeks. John stares.
“Sarah, it was
He quietly shadows them through the structure, keeping them in his sights as best as possible, while carefully remaining
just that, he’s undoubtedly one of Mycroft’s.
“That’s… it's complicated.”
At the conclusion of the meal, Sherlock is summarily dismissed, whilst John is near-frogmarched down the hall to the Duke’s private study.
“DNA tests are only as good as the records you keep,” she parries and John responds with a sour scoff.
has nothing to feel ashamed of.
“You, however, are a respectable unbonded alpha doctor; entirely unrelated and easily presented as being in Mycroft’s employ. As I mentioned last night
John's face goes florid, eyebrows flying further upward as his body strains unconsciously against Lestrade’s restraining hand.
“No, but you’re curious, and I… I want to,” Sherlock allows, haltingly. “Tell you, that is. I’d much rather tell you the truth of it all myself anyways. Not have you cobbling something together from scraps delivered by people like Marie Cavendish.
“I just mean… you needn't— “ he huffs in embarrassment, “I realize that I'm growing quite unappealingly rotund. My research indicates that it’s common for sires to feel an instinctual drive to repeatedly copulate with a gravid Omega in an effort to keep them from straying, and to ensure the child carries only their genetic material, but I’m hardly about to seek out another Alpha or Beta, so you needn’t feel obligated to—“
“Why on earth would you want to saddle the poor lad with that?”
Whew! Everytime I attempt to write smut, it’s like mental gymnastics— where are all the limbs? Is everyone staying where they belong or have they magically materialised somewhere they shouldn't have? How’d that hand get there? (Am I the only one who has this bizzare hang up?) If you read this and thought something seemed off about the *cough* mechanics, it might be because of my personal take on Omegaverse. If you’re especially particular, or are interested in that sort of thing, you can read all my ridiculously over-thought worldbuilding
“So that’s it then,” John declares with a deep sigh, laying the knife down with a slightly unsteady hand. “It’s time to tell Mycroft.”
a rather nebulous endeavor. Sherlock attempts to give up tea for all of one day, before the craving sends him on frenetic research binge. Hours of reading brings him to the reassuring conclusion that, so long as he limits his intake to only one cup a day, the effect of the caffeine itself is really no more harmful to the fetus than the effect of his withdrawal from it.
Why on earth would Sherlock have any desire to divulge any of that sordid little personal history if not in an exchange of information? Good god, sometimes the man really
they depart. He has to button his coat up over the bloody mess of his shirt-front, but once it’s done, he has no trouble at all flagging down a cab.
Sherlock keeps his back turned and pretends to continue fiddling with the tuning pegs as he considers the question. How
“That’s not what people usually say.”
“He went out a couple of hours ago.”
“Right, ah-” John laughs self-consciously. “Another experiment then?”
Philip’s charming, gregarious, positively
conform to any of the rules or expectations that the rest of us had to abide by, did you Sherlock?” She focuses in on him scornfully, entirely ignoring everyone else. The room grows quiet, as the majority of the surrounding Yarders less than covertly attempt to listen in on the exchange as they go about their work. “
“You've had relationships though.” John points out, but Sherlock shakes his head and gives a low, negative hum. John’s brow wrinkles in confusion.
John arrives home that evening with the promised takeaway and dishes it out on the coffee table, handing a heaping plate of rice and curry off to Sherlock before fixing one of his own.
“Yes, well. As far as my family's concerned, I can't do anything.” Sherlock posits with no small amount of bitterness.
so, to ensure that neither he nor John can see the keypad. Four soft clicks later, the phone beeps warningly.
Wordlessly, the Beta behind him presses the muzzle of his gun against the base of John’s skull, and cocks it. John cowers instantly, his eyes going blank as he withdraws within himself. Sherlock’s pulse kicks into high gear, the Omega inside of him going wild with unsuppressed rage and terror at the threat against
One that could destroy everything and drive John away once and for all.
genes were destined to fall by the wayside until now. A child with my genetic material is unlikely to have anything below exceptional intelligence and you're not unintelligent yourself.”
Understandable, considering the general unlikelihood of an unbonded Omega being in the company of an
“Please,” Mycroft responds encouragingly with averted eyes.
An idea begins to take root in his mind. Perhaps if he were to… But then again, John
“Oh. So then… this,” John dips his head to press his lips back against the nipple in a featherlight kiss, “is alright?”
He can’t see why it would be
I thought you were looking for the photos now.”
“Really?” Sherlock’s forehead wrinkles in bemusement.
He scrubs it off agitatedly, oddly more discomfited than expected by the claiming mark upon his skin. She may
as required and it made the proceedings far too disagreeable to continue, so I made him stop.”
is real... and
John rubs his palms against the fabric of his chair’s arms and stares down at the hearth as he thinks back on it; remembering the look of panic that had flickered briefly in Sherlock’s eyes before they’d gone carefully blank. The way he’d so suddenly and uncharacteristically
given her proclivities for other Alphas, it’s since grown exceedingly clear that her interest lies distinctly in his
“Yes. In university.”
.” He twitches his hips forward to unsubtly press his erection against the even more sizeable one tenting the front of John’s trousers. “Please,” he begs, “please just take me to bed.”
to keep it? Or would you have just left?”
“Not you. Me.” He says, more than a tad spitefully, allowing himself one small concession to pettiness. “As best I can figure, he’s got his own version of me somewhere in
Beside him, John snuffles closer, instinctively seeking out the curve of Sherlock's neck in his sleep and tucking his face into it. Sherlock flinches away, slipping out from underneath the arm slung over his middle to turn his back toward the Alpha, curling into as tight a ball as the baby allows.
“Then let's lie here,” Sherlock suggests, lightly squeezing John’s hand in his own. John turns back to him, with soft eyes and a warm smile, and squeezes back.
“Why?” The corner of the Alpha’s mouth curls into a condescending sneer. “Are you
jumper,” Sherlock dismissively resumes peering through his microscope. “I binned it.”
“I had all this stuff; never knew what to do with it.” Irene continues, undeterred, rising from her chair to saunter around to the head of the table. “
Certainly, John’s endless, incessant needs are occasionally irritating. But he could never
replies – to everything. He’s Mr Punchline. He will outlive
“Well, I certainly have more experience with the latter than the former.”
Just because
“Oh! That's… ” Her eyes glimmer briefly behind the plastic glare of her autopsy visor before she visibly swallows the pained realization down and squares her shoulders slightly. Beneath his remorse, a small bubble of pride swells in his chest for her. She may seem unassuming and fragile, but she’s far stronger than she looks. She wrings her hands against the front of her surgical gown and she offers them a brittle smile. “Congratulations!”
“What?” Mrs. Hudson’s smile drops slighty, and she sets the teapot down with a thump.
“But as it so happened,” Sherlock continues, “I broke my arm falling from a tree on our estate in the summer months, and developed something of a troublesome fondness for laudanum during my recovery.”
to shag you. I
to him that John might feel that way. Not put off by, or even merely tolerant of his present state, but
“It’s just transport John.”
, but it's just so… amazing.” He shuffles down the bed a ways and wraps one arm about Sherlock’s hip, leaning in to hover his mouth just above the bump. “Hello Baby,” he whispers cheerfully.
motivation for abstaining to himself, the two have maintained a frustrating dedication to their task. In his more reasonable moments he’s endlessly appreciative, but during the peaks of his cravings... well, he’s decidedly
“Shhh, shh, it’s okay." John soothes Sherlock, petting his abdomen gently. “I know what you need.” He sits back on his heels in a smooth motion, and rubs at his nape. “How would you like… um, from behind would be-”
“Mycroft, don’t be
John maneuvers them unerringly to the bed somehow, despite the lack of light to guide him, spilling Sherlock backward onto it with a gentle push. He laughs delightedly as he hits the mattress with a bounce, scrambling backward on the sheets to sprawl lengthwise across the bed. John follows with a cheeky grin, clambering up onto the bed on all fours to crawl over the long lines of Sherlock’s body, smearing kisses over the miles of smooth, pale skin as he goes. He stops at Sherlock’s chest on his way up, running his tongue over one pebbled nipple before sealing his mouth over it and sucking hard. Sherlock jolts, letting out a terribly undignified yelp at the unexpected stab of pain, and John jerks away instantly.
“Shame on you, John Watson,” he cheekily declares with a theatrical scowl.
"Yes."
delay on this one! I went away on much-needed vacation for a few weeks, during which I'd intended to do plenty of writing... and then my phone bit the dust right on the first day. We decided to just enjoy a disconnected trip (I high recommend it- it's surprisingly fun!) rather than replacing it, and I ended up doing my writing the old-fashioned way in a notebook. Of course, once we got home life continued on being the usual hectic tizzy that we'd needed a break from to begin with. It took a little time to settle back into the swing of things and make the time to type up everything I'd written, then cobble together into something I was satisfied with. But now it's finally done (and so is the next chapter, save for editing)! Thanks for all of the lovely comments and kudos thus far and for sticking along for the ride, despite my abysmal time-keeping skills!
I just
, but yes Sherlock, that is exactly what I mean. Now, I know you haven’t deleted that much. The endorphins released when the glands inside the bartholic ridge are compressed ease the discomfort of heat, and help end it as much as a day earlier. So. Is there, um… someone you could call? To, uh, come over?”
genes were destined to fall by the wayside until now. A child with my genetic material is unlikely to have anything below exceptional intelligence and you're not unintelligent yourself.”
to you!”
When he can’t take any more of Sherlock’s silent composing and mournful violin, he makes his escape; only to be snagged at the doorstep by one of Mycroft’s beautiful beta lackey’s, and bundled off to the empty husk of Battersea. Despite himself, he can’t help but be entertained by the latest of their increasingly ridiculous meeting places.
been the one to drug John; he’d merely
“N-no,” Sherlock shakes his head slightly.
It feels oddly satisfactory to slam the bedroom door shut behind him.
sort of rumours.”
what he appears to be planning
“Didn’t even ask for anything,” Irene continues, “I think he just likes to cause trouble. Now
with this once this gets out.”
if you decided
“You know how I feel about such drivel.” Sherlock smiles tightly, folding himself down onto the bench beside John.
“He did
“Shame on you, John Watson,” he rumbles, and John blinks up at him.
“No, Sherlock
“Like a baby,” the alpha declares as he palms his mate’s shoulder and beams down at him with indulgent affection. Clearly the man is well accustomed to his mate’s theatrics.
“I beg your pardon?” John sputters. He attempts to remove Sherlock from his lap, but the omega stubbornly resists, and proves himself to be surprisingly stronger than he appears. “Sherlock, this is most irregular!”
“Your Alpha is a bit bashful, isn’t he, Mr. Holmes.” Irene comments as she wraps his coat more snugly about herself.
And thanks as always to my amazing beta, Miss_Communication, for being an absolute rockstar and magically proofreading this for me overnight, before I even got around to letting her know it was done! She made some wonderful suggestions and I'm so very grateful! <3
“What the hell is
Pregnant.
And away we go!
“For...what?” She inquires, drawing her eyebrows together in confusion; still at a complete loss. A bright smile slowly breaks over his face, sweeping away the grim cloud that’s hung over him for more than a fortnight.
“Oh…” Sherlock gazes back at him, noticing for the first time that John’s eyes aren’t the brown they appeared to be inside, but instead, a deep blue. “So many things,” he breathes.
” John rejoins, entirely unruffled, ”tell him you’re alive.”
Do gonadotropic hormone levels arrest the cardiovascular structures?
it's gotten, holy bananas. I've got the next John POV Interlude started up already and then the next part of the story back in Sherlock's POV sketched out for after that. (I'm also working on a standalone Mycroft off-shoot, but that one will
Sherlock’s hand freezes in midair, clutching his phone tightly. There’s a bleak sort of swooping sensation in the pit of his belly and his face tingles discomfitingly.
“Mmm, you might not be bonded, but you do love him. I’ve never met a more hopelessly
“Dominatrix.” Sherlock echoes thoughtfully, rolling the word and it’s connotations over in both his mouth and mind. Not unbefitting of an Alpha; they do so love dominating others. Though, generally, they also tend to consider any sort of sex-work beneath them; suitable only for their Beta and Omega inferiors.
“He’s good, isn’t he?” Irene praises delightedly. “I should have him on a leash!” She pauses thoughtfully before adding; “In fact, I
"If I were you I wouldn’t insist on it, " the calm and a little bit muffled voice is heard over the crowd.
John didn’t count to have any explanations but having heard them he takes a chocolate doughnut with some chocolate  icing  from the glass case and gives it to Sherlock. Sherlock shakes his head but john feels his  rightness and strength, says strictly:
John just only shrugs his shoulders as he thinks that Victor has a great view of himself.
Sherlock looks down as if he is guilty and then he  jerks up his head and look at John with a strange  challenge: “You’re right, John. I am deaf. I was born deaf. I can speak, I can lip read easily and I don’t like wearing any deaf aids as I have an awful headache after. I don’t need you sorrow. I can manage with my problem. I even can play a violin,” says he proudly. “Have I  satisfied your curiosity?”
But John forgets to say good bye. He put s his phone it the pocket , takes his  jacket and runs.
“Why were you angry?” asks John as he knows what he wants and  he is going to his goal.
tired of looking at him. For a  moment Sherlock stays alone  and stands without any movement under the raised wind. Taken by the wind his curly hair seems to be  alive and having  their own independent life and John  is biting his lips and dreaming let Sherlock’s hair  run through  his fingers and fell its softness and tenderness. It’s not a good idea for John but his legs moves him to Sherlock and he can’t make them behave. John makes a step over the yellow tape and stands in two steps behind from his obsession. He doubles his hands into fists and hides them in the pockets of his windcheater. For a moment John closes his eyes tight as if he’s going to jump off the diving board.
"I doubt whether,"   the stranger grins, " I doubt whether," and he leaves the café  - so elegant, fit and neat,  supernatural.
“it is not a charity,” says Sherlock quietly  and looks at him carefully, “ As everything is paid by British Government. You can’t really imagine the amount of things we can have according to the laws.”
and his shining eyes are looking strict into John:
."You are delirious, "  John purses his lips and takes order for two cups of latte/ macchiato," as he doesn’t even look at me."
“Nonsense,” sighs John. “Only  a deaf man wouldn’t be able to hear me. I was close to brake your door off.”
" Well, the Queen of England allows us to  admire with her, she can even stops and gives a pat on the cheek to a schoolboy who is deeply in love with her but she is always far and inaccessible."
” Sherlock cocks a brow in cool amusement.
“So’s this
“You were sick after eating this morning!’ John argues in return, pressing the edge of the plate insistently against Sherlock’s crossed arms. Alright, so he had been
but you… you
- because what? Because he’d knotted him? That didn’t give him any sort of claim over him.
certainly wouldn’t feel the need to murder anyone in cold blood, especially not at the risk of being separated from my unborn child. So perhaps you’re right. But then I hardly think that
he waspishly attempts to remind it as he watches Mrs. Hudson loudly make a scene with Mr. Chatterjee inside of Speedy's,
with an
John’s eyes snap up to meet Sherlock’s.
Sherlock jolts with surprise when he feels a socked foot brush his ankle, working itself beneath the hem of his trousers. Heat floods his cheeks, and across the table, John smiles innocently over the rim of his glass as he sips his wine.
you shrank my favourite jumper!”
.” John raises his eyebrows and tilts his head as he stresses the last word for emphasis, but Lestrade just shakes his head, offering a tiny grimace of incomprehension. John sighs heavily and pinches the bridge of his nose. “A baby, Greg. We’re
“Hello, you clot,” John whispers with a cheeky grin, reaching down to gently take one long-fingered hand in his own and stroke his thumb over the back of it. He bends down to smooth a hand over the unruly curls and presses a kiss to the placid forehead. “It's good to see you.”
He finds himself reflexively pulling his coat closed over his belly in an anxious flutter. John looks at him askance as he flips the collar up.
as objectively interesting as you happen to be.”
was the furthest thing from my mind! I mean…” he casts an eye about the room, then lowers his voice even further, to a whisper, “we only did it without a condom
“Well, perhaps,” Eddie smiles tightly, clearly growing a bit disconcerted by the lingering focus on his relationship with his brother’s Omega. “But Marie is family. And family, after all, comes first.”
“They say you go mad if you have too much,” she remarks nervously. “That you don't leave your seat. You disassociate body from mind.”
“Oh," he settles back against the cushions at the sight of John, and waves a hand dismissively. "Mrs. Hudson, the landlady, she’s giving me a special deal. Owed me a favour. A few years back, her husband got himself sentenced to death in Florida. I was able to help out”
Just because
John huffs a bitter laugh in response. Then the sudden sound of a familiar sigh echoing out in the corridor startles them both. The dense feeling of guilt settles heavily in his stomach as he listens to the dull clatter of rapidly retreating footsteps.
bedroom now that there’s no need for the pretence of going to the one upstairs. Sherlock shifts on his feet as he watches him go and grimaces when he feels a trickle of fluid creep down his inner thigh. He opens his mouth to announce his own departure to the bath just as his eyes alight on his brother’s face.
Well, he may as well have a bit of fun.
For the very first time in his life, he’s found himself tempted by the small row of blue pills in his suppressant pack. Considering taking them as prescribed, allowing himself to go into a mild heat on schedule, so that John might be convinced to...
Rather than let on to
"You may," they murmur agreeably, slipping their hand through the crook of his offered arm.
“Then stop this,” John informs her curtly, yanking his arm from her grip.
221B Baker Street. Come at once if convenient. SH
Mrs. Hudson takes the news exactly as expected; sniffling soppily into a tissue and repeatedly launching herself forward to ecstatically squeeze each of them in turn.
at him. Whenever John forgets himself and absentmindedly touches Sherlock— despite his obvious efforts to avoid any sort of physical contact since it had happened. Whenever John licks his lips in that habitual manner of his and it sends a bolt of hot lust through Sherlock's belly.
John blusters, “I’m not his
One last jaunt as a twosome, before the baby arrives.
“Alright.”
, the police would likely assume that you'd been targeted by an outside party, possibly for revenge of some kind."
Sherlock comes to again the next morning, bleary-eyed and dry-mouthed, with a distinctly unpleasant feeling of
When he returns home, they’re both gone, the fire is doused on the hearth. A quick glance down the hall finds Sherlock’s bedroom door gaping open, revealing a dark empty room beyond. It isn’t until then that he allows himself to admit exactly what he’d been fearing for a moment.
“That feels…”
did you end up in a- a-” he stumbles on his words, feigning a cough to conceal the fumble, “sexual relationship with this Victor bloke?”
of John fantasizing about stripping him makes his skin tingle.
feeling that he gets in his chest as he and Sherlock make their way to Devon.
“Oh,“ Sherlock looks down at his usual plain shirt and trousers as if surprised to see them.
“Oh, shut it.” John snaps back with a roll of his eyes. “It
“Hm… there are several drugs or toxins that result in those symptoms if administered in high doses. If this was planned in advance, whoever is responsible could have begun gradually dosing her, in order to ensure she was docile and easy to snatch once her husband was dispatched. If
observational skills, paired with
for an unbonded omega to be travelling with an unrelated alpha. While Gary certainly
“What’s The Quagmire?” Sherlock inquires curiously, and John turns to cock his head at him.
“Surgery?” He flounders, struggling to push himself up to sitting. “I’m not going for surgery.”
so acquiescent. He is, of course, far more content overall when his sexual needs are being met.
When there’s no reply forthcoming, he makes his way to the kitchen doorway to check if Sherlock’s still absorbed in the experiment he’d been working on when John had gone up to get ready. Sherlock looks up from his microscope and sweeps his eyes over John in that calculating manner that always makes him squirm awkwardly in his own skin.
They've left it far longer than they should have— here isn't much time left now for what they need to do. He gathers himself together as much as possible, releasing his cock to push himself up from the mattress.
“You can still practice can't you?” He lowers his cup and muses after a few short minutes of silence. “I know you can't perform surgery anymore, but what about the basics; assessment, simple stitches, and all that?”
when you put it that way,” he gives a moue of protest, “but
“Oh.”
I need you to be
to keep it? Or would you have just left?”
“How fortuitous,” Sherlock remarks abruptly, looking up from his phone and turning it about to face John and Lestrade, “considering that the warrant to search it just came through.”
it’s obvious, so he doesn’t come to you with some hideously dangerous case in the meantime that I know you won’t want to say no to.”
” He announces urgently to John as he swings the door open and ducks in one smooth move. From the corner of his eye, he sees John hit the floor safely
“Well, I’m not
“Ah yes.
As he’d exited the bath and returned to his bedroom to dress himself, he’d carefully constructed a simple, forthright statement of reassurance:
He excuses himself abruptly, turning to make his way to his bedroom with it.
“Well, no one knows about even half the shite I get up to,” John shares in turn, hopping up to perch next to him, sitting close enough that their shoulders and thighs brush together. ”With your folks, though, it's from a place of love, right? They worry.”
“Are you jealous?” Irene taunts with a quirk of her lips, interrupting Sherlock’s inner squabble.
"Which bits," John repeats. "You said you see bits and piece the rest together," he elaborates, "which parts did you
In that reality his father would have nothing to point out, because he’d have long been married to some fop from the ‘right’ family; forced to birth the idiot's brats and play the role of proper society spouse. He wouldn't be here at Baker Street, wouldn’t have the Work, wouldn't have
Then John’s words sink in and Sherlock’s pulse kicks into high gear, thoughts whirling in a chaotic, panicked rush.
“I think you’re going to find Irene Adler tonight,” Sherlock announces, without acknowledging Mycroft’s petty wisecrack whatsoever.
A hot blush stains Sherlock’s cheeks pink. “Well that's a rather blunt way of putting it, but…”
He wrestles the remaining buttons of John’s shirt free while John successfully fumbles open the resistant fastener of Sherlock’s trousers. They break apart fleetingly while Sherlock to wriggles out of them and kicks them over the edge of the mattress. In the meantime, John tugs the now crumpled duvet out from beneath them and shoves it off to the floor. Sherlock clambers back up on his knees, and slides his hands beneath the hem of John’s vest as soon as John shrugs free of his shirt. He rucks it upward while tipping his head up to lick into John’s mouth in a blistering kiss. Together they eventually manage to peel it over John’s head, though it takes twice as long as it should.
The DI piles the packets on the side table next to Sherlock with a grin, then shrugs out of his coat and tosses it over one of the dining chairs before venturing off into the kitchen. Sherlock waits until he's well occupied with discussing the latest rugby upset with John before furtively snaking out a hand to snatch one from the heap.
“No,” Sherlock entreats, “please. I want you. So badly. I want everything. But I don’t know how,“ he turns his face into John’s neck and huffs.
“I still can't believe you've got our baby in there. I mean, I
“I'm going to shower,” Sherlock announces abruptly, tossing aside his periodical and vaulting from his seat. His brother smiles snidely as he sweeps past, the gleam of triumph in his eye bright and undisguised
There’s always
,” John adds, eyeing the aubergine dress shirt and neat wool trousers just visible beneath the coat. Sherlock follows his gaze, glancing down at himself with a distressed frown, and John hurries to reassure him. “Don't take that wrong! You look very sharp! It’s just, I mean, look around. People try so hard to look how they
Is John unconcerned because he refuses to be involved or because…
scandal was when he suspended the search for a match for me. If they hadn’t already thought me strange, at that point my Omega classmates quickly came to resent me; as you saw with Marie. Most already had bond-matches arranged for them by then, and were consigned to rules as bountiful and unyielding as my father’s, if not worse.”
it, but even he can agree that the alternative is significantly worse. I’ve also crafted an entirely synthetic generic Beta version, which is especially effective in situations when I want to go unnoticed.”
utterly consuming. His Omega is absolutely
usual, however, rather than making demands and dashing off the to scene- police permission or no- Sherlock simply rattles off a list of necessary
is a Dominatrix!” He beams at John elatedly. “Ooh, this is getting rather fun, isn’t it?”
And with how long you’d been on suppressants for, the odds of us conceiving were downright infinitesimal.”
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Sherlock offers an exaggerated roll of his eyes. “You didn’t make a fuss about him when you were busy
A poorly-timed raid on Beckett and his mother’s home had turned up his little collection of gruesome souvenirs, but the man himself had gone to ground.
“We've got him! The bastard’s been holed up above a mate’s workshop on Fountayne Road, working for him under the table. Picked him up on CCTV at Tottenham Hale and followed him from there. You two, with me!” John hops off the desk eagerly with a push of his hands while Sherlock shrugs into his coat. As he turns around, his eyes catch on the collection of photographs of the victims’ various knife wounds pinned on the wall behind them.
“Why was it broken?” John continues his  examination. He knows that he must clear something to himself even if Sherlock doesn’t want to open his heart. If it is left without any explanation, John will go mad/ Sherlock is good at making John crazy.
Thank you as always to my lovely beta Miss_Communication! Just knowing she’s going to read things has honestly made me work that much harder to write better, and I’m so grateful!
“The texture of the skin is different here, as is the taste.” Sherlock murmurs around the pebbled flesh, making John gasp when the small licks resolve into a gentle nip. One long-fingered hand returns to the light fur in the centre of his chest to stroke at it. “And the texture changes again here.”
“How would you know?” Mycroft quips with a snide smile.
Perhaps it's an entirely
. Of course, once I was clean, I realized that it had far more promising applications for my work. Mycroft positively
Sherlock leans against the doorframe and rolls his eyes dramatically. “He’s the thirty-one year old playboy heir to a massive shipping fortune. Did you expect he’d take conquests home to his mother? Of
In June, he meets a pretty blonde nurse named Mary on the dayshift, and when he asks her if she’d like to go to the pub after work, she accepts with a grin. She laughs at all his jokes, touches his arm playfully, and before he knows it he’s sleeping at her flat more nights than not. When he proposes two months later, the other staff at work tease him playfully about being quick off the mark, but he shrugs it off.
Weeks later, as much as he tries to forget them, Mycroft’s words continue to linger in his mind. He lies awake some nights (John would disapprove— say that he and the baby both need their rest) listening to the soothing susurrus of John's breathing beside him in the dark, feeling the heavy weight of the Alpha’s arm slung low over his middle, and the flutter of movement just beneath his bellybutton (their child is clearly similarly intent upon defying their father).
don’t have to defend yourself.” His hand slips to Sherlock’s thigh, just above his knee, and he gives it a gentle squeeze. “If you want this baby, then we’re going to have this baby, and it’s going to be
Yes. He’ll do just that.
Granted, the exaggerated sexual posturing is more than a bit tedious.
“We need to stop by the chemists as well.”
It takes a few instances for John to notice, given Sherlock’s mercurial nature and absurdly inconsistent attention span. Every so often, (generally following another failed attempt on John’s behalf at addressing the mystery of Irene Adler) the detective turns his eye on John rather intensely before making as if to announce something. John always braces himself for some cutting remark, or wildly offensive diatribe, only to be left entirely flummoxed when Sherlock instead flushes and stammers some obvious last-minute fabrication, instead of whatever it was he’d
He considers Sherlock's flushed cheeks, and unusually rumpled appearance. While Sherlock may lack romantic interest in
Lestrade’s idea for him to consult in a more “traditional” manner — strictly brain-power — on casefiles at the Yard has proven to be an unexpectedly welcome interim arrangement.
,” John cuts him off, the sudden rush of bewildered amazement that breaks over him over him apparently washing his manners away with it. “You actually
“It is,” Sherlock confirms with a dip of his head, and John squints at him in perplexity.
were the one that said it didn’t change things between us. That wasn’t exactly true was it?”
“Who’s on forensics?” Sherlock demands as John stands aside, taking in the rapid exchange like a tennis match. The man looks sheepish as he admits that it’s a bloke by the name of Anderson.
“Pardon me,” he yells, in an effort to be heard over the music, “but have you seen John?”
“No,” he agrees, glancing down at the screen. “Because it’s a duplicate that I had made, into which you’ve just entered the numbers one, oh, five, eight.” He strides across the room to his chair and fishes the real phone out from beneath the cushions. “I assumed you’d choose something more specific than that but, um, thanks anyway.”
“Safest place I know,” Sherlock quips, looking down at Mrs. Hudson, and John could almost swear there’s a playful note in his voice. When she pulls the camera phone from her bra, John can hardly believe it. Though, with the woman’s personal history, he supposes he really shouldn't be all
“Yeah—
“Why, I never!”
“Approximately… six years ago?”
thing that he can imagine.
“Not really.”
Telling Molly on the other hand is, well, entirely unplanned. And he can’t even lay the blame for it at John’s feet.
“This-” he starts, focusing on keeping his voice level. “...This doesn’t
“Let's not limit ourselves,” John tosses back at him over his shoulder, giving Sherlock’s hand a friendly squeeze.
thing he needs is John catching wind of him being unwell, and forcing soup and bedrest upon him.
He takes the tube rather than a cab, allowing himself the extra time to panic. If it wasn’t before, it’s undeniable now; in spite of his best efforts, he’s well and truly
He's always known about the biological reactions of physical intimacy; the fluids, orgasms, the rush of endorphins. But, until now, he’d never realized how
“It's an alpha,” Sherlock announces, throwing down his trump card as he swoops from his chair to collect his violin from its case.
, Sherlock! Please tell me you're joking.”
” John eyes the windscreen avoidantly, a rosy glow creeping into his cheeks as he fidgets. “I mean, I suppose… I’m just used to you smelling like an Om
“I thought you said that everyone would assume I'm just Mycroft’s stud Alpha,” John teases.
Honestly, it’s hardly as if he’ll drop dead if he misses a meal.
Of course, by the time he’d actually managed to force himself out into the kitchen to face John, he’d been struck dumb anew.
to rework them before posting. But here we go- back on track! And the rating may have slipped upward a tad. Whoops!
“It is,” He raises his eyebrows in surprise. Everyone always assumes his gift to be in near-constant use— that he’s perpetually undoing every minor mishap. But it’s far more useful just as she’s described; undoing those little, unassuming errors that unexpectedly morph into much larger ones.
So when he walks back into Irene’s posh parlour and finds her straddling Sherlock’s lap in all her very
the framed photographs
“Alright?” He whispers, trembling with the effort of hold himself still. Sherlock nods and rests his forehead against John’s cheek, then wriggles his hips restlessly.
“You never slept with a man before?” John blurts suddenly in the darkness, turning his head toward Sherlock on the pillow. “That's not a critique-” he quickly elaborates, “I mean, it was brilliant!”
You don’t know
“Absolutely!” Lestrade grins. “Lets see the little terror in the making.”
In the end, he decides it best to keep his secret entirely to himself for the time being.
He releases the breath he didn’t realize he was holding, and lets the the tension drain from him. Wherever they are, whatever they’re doing, at least they’re not here, flaunting their infatuation in front of him like a red flag in front of a bull. He turns to climb the darkened stairway up to his own bedroom.
“Yeah,” Sally snorts at that, “she definitely knows him alright.”
In hindsight, disrobing entirely may have been a poor choice.
Irene may be a worthy adversary, but the only sort of thing he’s interested in engaging with her is cerebral.
And at least within the halls of NSY his safety would be ensured; despite his bevy of other complaints, the Met did in fact enforce
load!
“Well, neither am I,” Irene replies wistfully. “Look at us both.”
“Where is she Mr. Cavendish?” Lestrade questions, his tone brooking no argument. “It’ll go much better for you if you cooperate.” Eddie collapses a little in on himself, slumping against the back of the couch.
It's a week before he sees Sherlock Holmes again. He's just finished his shift, and the moment he exits the staff changing room to head for the tube, he's accosted by a tall, vaguely familiar shadow.
person who’s entirely out of the question.
club- for lack of a better word- on the farthest outskirts of town. It’s grotty and dark, housed in what appears to be a disused power station, and filled to the rafters with people in various states of undress; most of whom are sporting some kind of fetish accouterment or other. A litany of moans and cries, just barely detectable over the thumping bass of music, greet him when he steps inside.
. But look, you see,” he lifts his quivering hand once more, “my body’s betraying me. Interesting, yes?
An impulse strikes him, and he turns it over in his mind. The omega is almost certainly one with whom he could never hope to engage with under normal circumstances… but as he just said himself; this is the entire purpose of masquerades, is it not? Surely there is no harm in allowing himself such a small indulgence.
“He didn’t
, they are well and truly put to bed.
despite the persisting morning sickness
John bellows. “If you still want us to see cases through to arrest, absolutely, yes!” He stops to rub tiredly at his face. “Look Sherlock, none of this is as easy for me as it is for you.”
“Nonsense John. As Mrs. Hudson’s favourite telly programmes seem quite insistent upon; everyone knows posh omegas
“That’s her,” he nods briskly in confirmation, and is surprised to find the weight in his gut grow heavier. Without further comment, he brusquely turns away.
Lovely John, with his warm jumpers and steady solidness. His incredible, completely inexplicable, talent for filling Sherlock’s head with his presence.
enough data off of Mycroft at the moment to determine the answer conclusively, but he files the hypothesis away for later consideration.
tell him... it may come as somewhat more of a shock to him than it would have otherwise.”
And then, one morning, it all changes.
“Just follow my lead! Copy me.” John shouts to be heard over the music, beaming when Sherlock attempts to shuffle his shoulders in time with John. “You got it!”
So, blackmail then.
It’s evening when the distinct pattern of John’s tread on the steps and clatter of the flat door opening rouses him back into full awareness.
“You want my fingers?” He asks, dipping the digits in question inside shallowly, the sound of his breath harsh in the quiet of the bedroom. Sherlock nods feverishly and squirms, not trusting his voice. The arousal is different now than it was during his heat — like the difference between being a bit squiffy and dead sober — but he still
Sharing a heat, entirely unsanctioned, with the Omega dependens of another Alpha wouldn't exactly be considered the wisest of decisions. Much less when that Alpha just so happens to be the British Government. While it may not be technically
I’d quite prefer John not bugger anyone other than myself.”
been dark, after all. It’s hardly as if they’re particularly distinctive.
“What?” Lestrade blinks and sputters. “Sherlock! You can't just
oblivious about John.
to say.
“I see,” Mycroft bites out tersely, carefully setting his tea cup aside before continuing in a clipped and dangerous voice. “And given the apparent
“Oh no,” Sherlock offers a fiendish grin as he snatches one of his newly arrived forensic journals from John’s side table, then settles into his armchair. Dealing with a bit of a sticky mess later is well worth the delight of making Mycroft hideously uncomfortable now. “I’m
John can’t imagine that being the subject of such dedicated scientific study has ever been quite so pleasurable for anyone before.
obvious unless you’re looking for it. And you were purposely trying to hide it from me!” He runs a hand through his hair in agitation.“Even though we...
Sherlock casually rattles off about alphas trying to enhance their authoritative presence with scent enhancers and the tidy loophole they’ve apparently created for him to willfully exploit. He excitedly details how it even provides the cover of an implied bond for his own scent should it be detected somehow, but John’s mind remains caught up on the first bit.
that there's about two left in this before I wrap things up. Here's hoping!
“I'm glad you've seen reason,” John beams, crossing the room to perch on the arm of Sherlock’s chair and press a kiss to the corner of his mouth. Sherlock grunts, but tilts his head slightly into the kiss.
“Well, if you're looking for someone to shag, there's options,” John asserts. “Hang about at the Quagmire again.”
at her,” Sherlock protests, “but yes.”
Sherlock had gone to protect them, yes. But the cost had almost been too much to bear.
“Yes, quite.” Mycroft agrees, shifting uncomfortably in his seat. “And you, Dr. Watson,” Mycroft turns to John expectantly after a few brief, contemplative moments. “You're amenable to go along with this, frankly, preposterous idea?”
“But, well, like I said, he didn’t want Sherlock going in until it was, you know,
When he finally comes, it’s like a revelation; his brain screeches to a halt, all excess sensory input switching off until all he can do is
Sherlock flips back to the first image and taps the timestamp reading twenty-three oh five “
“Sorry, what?” Sherlock asks primly as he thumbs the message open in deliberate provocation, well aware of precisely what John’s referring to.
, Mr. Holmes.
“Y-yes,” Sherlock stammers embarrassingly.
but completely consuming. It dawns on him then; the absolutely glorious realization that he's free to test this hypothesis now, without fear of reproach
“I didn’t say
” He cuts himself off before he can say it; the one secret he’s been so carefully guarding for all these weeks now. Aware of just how near hyperventilation he’s come, he presses his shaking fingers to his temples and focuses on bringing his breathing under control.
He concedes, and his Omega practically
“Well, you’re stuck with me now.”
prat,” she continues. “The copper who brought him was a lovely bloke though; and he wasn’t hard on the eyes either. Now
John hesitates a beat, loathe to cede so much as an inch to her. “I don’t know. Maybe.
” He gapes, utterly aghast as the implication of John’s words filters through. “
social graces; could be incredibly useful.”
“D’you know the big problem with a disguise, Mr Holmes?” She questions him, and he quirks a curious brow in response. “However hard you try, it’s always a self-portrait.”
“Oh, piss off!” John exclaims loudly enough to attract the attention of some of the other guests dining nearby. With a sheepish look, he grasps the arms of his chair and leans in toward Sherlock before continuing on in a lowered voice. “It isn't as if you've got a bloody neon sign floating above your head announcing ‘I’m pregnant’. It’s not
No longer forced to content himself with mere fantasties of John's body, he spends tireless hours reacquainting himself with the warm planes of it, so often hidden away under deceptive grandfatherly jumpers. While John isn’t quite as fit as he’d once been in his army days (there are several substantiating photographs squirrelled away in his mind palace, discovered while casually perusing John’s belongings early in their cohabitation, that have admittedly featured heavily in Sherlock's wanking fantasies) he’s hardly let himself go.
“It’s fine,” he replies, raising the fingers not engaged in holding his glass in a casually dismissive wave.
a normal life. Marriage, children, a cheery flat with a garden for them to play in— maybe a dog.
“Got any crisps?”
The suggestion garners no response, as the Beta merely taps something into her mobile and makes no acknowledgement of John until she directs him toward an open entryway at the end of the catwalk. In the very least, she’s done an admirable job of
be joking.”
Alpha, and confused melancholy over John’s dismissal of any bond between them.
“My Anna will find just the right match for you!” Stamford continues, oblivious to John’s vexation, as he turns to survey the crowd.
Sherlock narrows his eyes intently.
John’s eyes snap to Sherlock’s face as he trails off, watching for any sign of discomfort as he squeezes his eyes shut and pulls that plush lower lip between his teeth.
"Wait.
He'd always thought himself entirely indifferent to romance, but this simple, affectionate intimacy is something else entirely. When the programme ends and they head to their room after switching off the lights, it’s harder than ever to shy way from John's searching hands when the Alpha presses close and nuzzles into his collarbone as they prepare for bed.
“Piss off.”
“I don’t have the code.” Sherlock tries reasoning, forcing as much calm into his speech as possible.
ridiculous suggestion.
“So, I want him to know
“You’d have been good at that,” John acknowledges with a hum. “Suppose you still could do something like it, round here- I mean, most of the full-timers do
John rather wisely chooses not to disagree with that.
, but thinks better of it. The balance of probability suggests that she’ll insist he stay and allow her to fuss over him, and while he’d really quite enjoy a cup of tea and some biscuits, he’d sooner not be subjected to whatever claptrap it is that she's watching.
that of John’s bacon in the mornings.
antiquated. Everyone is well aware that this,” he angles his fork to point toward his abdomen, “is perfectly achievable via clinical means if I weren't receptive to... the more traditional method.” He peers up through his lashes at John as he pushes his food about his plate, hesitating for a moment before shyly adding suggestion. “Though given how well we get on, I expect most will simply presume Mycroft made an effort to procure an alpha I would find agreeable.”
“Yes, of course. How remiss of me,” Sherlock agrees with a roll of his eyes, “I’m certain that Edward’s foremost thought as he was being arrested was
“If you're quite done making a fuss over the idea of an Omega with a career, perhaps we can return to the subject at hand,” he sniffs loftily as he meets Eddie’s gaze directly. “Which is to say the disappearance of your
he’s going to have me killed.”
“No,” Sherlock announces, trusting his gut instinct, and Mycroft stops immediately in his tracks.
“In hindsight it was terribly melodramatic.”
The fact that he'd deliberately worn a vest of John's beneath his shirt, to mimic the scent of a bond whilst travelling in the more conservative countryside certainly doesn't help matters.
While he will admit there’s a certain allure to that, there's always a chance that a worthwhile case will come along, but John will still insist on keeping him confined to the flat. And it isn't even as if he'll get any good drugs out of it. As such, he’s installed himself in his chair with his mobile and the afghan from the sofa, with plans to engage in a thoroughly indulgent sulk as soon as he’s finished sorting through the contents of his inbox.
“Yeah?”
He imagines it for a moment: all the same scents and sounds, but with addition of a small infant's delighted burble. It's surprisingly easy. He doesn’t know why, but he imagines that John will talk to their child, long before they can truly comprehend. Replying to their burbles as if carrying on a very important conversation and, in all likelihood, good-naturedly complaining about some misbehavior or experiment of Sherlock’s. The thought brings a smile to his face.
She picks up the mug from the corner of her desk and sips from it. “Never goes cold.”
When Sherlock peers up at him expectantly, he realizes he’s in no way acknowledged Sherlock’s momentous announcement. With a pained swallow, he licks his lips and mumbles the obvious:
trying to have the last word.“
The excitement is infectious, and John
The reason for his contrition is immediately evident when Sherlock grimaces dramatically with a shake of his head. The two argue briefly over the consulting detective’s need for an assistant before the man pleads earnestly again for Sherlock to come.
Surely John isn’t planning to attempt
Once they’ve gotten their hands — and mouths — on one another, they just can’t seem to stop. Sherlock would be inclined to say that it’s an entirely untenable state of affairs, but… it really couldn’t have come at a better time. With the onset of his second trimester, the less than pleasant effect of morning sickness finally subsides, and in its place he feels increasingly, well…
,” Sherlock pleads, digging his fingers into John’s shoulders. His knee squeaks against the leather of the sofa cushion as he shifts to spread his legs just a fraction wider and take the Alpha even deeper.
“How can you stand it?” Irene’s voice pipes up from behind him.
He perhaps goes a
in frustration, hips jerking upward of their own volition. Finally, John slides even further, settling on his belly between Sherlock’s legs. Sherlock seizes onto the momentary respite from sensation to argue further. “I don't require any sort of
Surrounded by a sea of gaudy nineteen-eighties fashion, his black overcoat is even more curiously conspicuous indoors than it had been outside. Men and women alike turn their heads as he drifts along, drawn by both his unusual attire and his beautifully sculpted face. He pays them no mind, ice blue eyes never lingering on any one person for more than a handful of seconds before moving on.He orders himself a tonic water to occupy his hands, and finally in a booth in a mirrored back corner of the bar he spots what he’s been hunting for.
idea why I just told you that.”
“Ah,” Sherlock hums impassively, then pipes up again after a beat in what John recognizes as his coolly detached ‘scientist voice’. “The sudden introduction of the scent of a potential alpha rival where before there was an Omega dep-”
“Visiting sister-in-law’s bedroom window at
time anyways. The damage is already done
With a sudden surge of
“If only all my commanding officers had been half so enchanting,” John quips with an answering smile in reply and her laugh tinkles out like fine crystal.
“Hm, I may not actually be a mind reader, but I suspect something occurred at that juncture to make the relationship go awry?” Sherlock wagers cynically. John's always had terrible taste in women, as far as he can ascertain.
“Yes, absolutely,” John nods decisively. "Extraordinary. Quite extraordinary!”
In the men’s room, John squeezes his eyes shut as Sherlock departs, turning back toward the mirror miserably. He opens his eyes and stares at his reflection for a moment, taking one long, deep breath before he lashes out and slams a fist into the mirror. As he lowers his hand back down to the countertop, he looks down in wonder at his unblemished knuckles, and by the time he raises his eyes again, the shattered mirror’s righted itself as well. After only an instant’s hesitation, he quickly takes off in the direction that Sherlock had gone.
consortium is just icing on the cake.
“But you were
you.”
,” John asserts roundly, spinning away from the mirror to face Sherlock. “Or it should! And
“I've eaten.”
“Really, it's
“A precautionary measure?” John’s forehead wrinkles in confusion.
“And here you are, the dominatrix who brought a nation to its knees.” There’s a bittersweet note of admiration alongside the resignation in Mycroft’s voice, as he rises from his chair. “Nicely played.”
Of course he never replies to
“In approximately twenty-five weeks,” Sherlock states matter-of-factly as he drops to his knees to begin examining the torso at their feet. “But you do know, as you're always so quick to remind me whenever
This little adventure comes to a close!
, I thought I'd get the O-verse plot bunny out of my system and then be done with it, and now here I am wrapping up a just shy of 40k+ mpreg follow up. Whelp- life will never ceases to be full of surprises!
“Obviously, something went awry with their original plan. They aren’t complete imbeciles
for God's sake; that's just not on. So he finds himself tiptoeing about the flat, giving Sherlock as wide a berth as possible.
a double blow the blow to the notorious Alpha pride. No; once he discovered Marie’s pregnancy, it would have been a simple matter of him to packing her off to some discreet Omega ‘retreat’ abroad.
,” he gestures between the two of them, shaking his head, “This is not
“What? No!” John blinks back at him, startled. He gives his head quick shake and redirects the conversation. “You're passing over tomorrow?
contraceptives were beyond the limited grasp of your apparently adolescent minds?”
“Oh,” John starts, dragging his mind away from thoughts of Sherlock Holmes and forcing himself to focus on her instead. “I am utterly in your debt, my lady.”
“We’ll also need access to Marie’s NHS records to confirm her pregnancy. Between that and the evidence of the affair that we’ll undoubtedly uncover, it should be a simple matter to request and conduct a prenatal paternity test. John can help you write up the medical bits,” He looks to John expectantly for confirmation, and John nods agreeably, pleased as always to be useful.
It feels
“What do
His gun, which he uses almost exclusively as tool for protecting
"You're stopping," Sherlock pants, nails biting at the mean of John's shoulders. "Why are you stopping?"
Like he could just take her out to play with when he wanted to, then leave her to collect dust on the shelf the rest of the time.
like that. How did you think I knew? You were hardly the first person Mycroft attempted to bribe to keep tabs on me John.” Sherlock scoffs. “You just happened to be the first to refuse.”
And so, he finds himself following John about, not unlike a mongrel dog; trailing his steps around the flat, discreetly following him from a distance when he ventures out, and
It’s always best to play one’s cards close to the chest with Mycroft, and he’s already given away too much. And so, Sherlock merely lifts his chin and stares back, deliberately affecting an air of affront. It’s the perfect mask from behind which to carefully analyze his brother’s countenance. Mycroft’s never been able to resist an opportunity to preen like a puffed-up patridge over a successful slight.
It’s quite likely despicable of him to even
Sherlock grins widely and arches coquettishly beneath John’s attentions.
“You suggested Hamish, if I was looking for baby names. Well,” Sherlock waves his hand toward his abdomen, as if exhibiting an important piece of evidence. “It just so happened that I was.”
“So?”
“Sherlock, wait!” John clambers back up onto the bed fully, throwing an arm out over Sherlock to prevent him from rolling away. He looks down, bracing himself over the detective with one hand against the duvet next to Sherlock’s shoulder. “Don’t, I- Yes! Of course I’ll… ” He closes his eyes briefly and inhales deeply through his nose as though steadying himself. “
He hands over the cash for his pint and draws the pair into a bit of affable small talk. They play into his hands flawlessly: cheerfully informing him all about the dangers of Baskerville and the surprisingly fortuitous appearance of the mysterious demonic hound.
