“I have a wired feeling about this” she whispered and stepped out first, followed by Clint who both had their weapons raised. Steve didn’t fully understood where the danger should be, they had permission to land and came with peaceful intentions, but he still kept his right hand hovering above his blazer. Tony, Janet and Fassamau did the same while Bruce seemed to become more uncomfortable with every passing second. The scientist never carried a weapon, he valued live to much to even keep the possibility to end one with him. Steve on the other hand valued the live of his crew to much to not keep one.
“Yeah, we can’t let that happen. Now that the communication is running again the first thing someone does when spotting Ultron is asking for support. No one engages with him on their own. Make sure everyone knows this, Romanoff” Steve ordered and Natasha nodded, already passing along the order. Steve on the other hand got a call from the holodeck.
„Good idea, give me the sharpie“ Peter said and draw a dot on his right upper arm after Harley had drawn one his collarbone.
“Captain” both of them greeted him which made the three adults in the room look up. Tony immediately smiled at him, reducing Steve’s anxieties about Tony ignoring him. The mechanic was the only one sitting, Bruce and Hank Pym stood at each of his side and lent over a table in front of them.
“The united federation of planets is at war with AIM. They tend to fly with war ships into our territory and attack every kind of ship that gets into their reach; it doesn’t matter if it is a war ship, a research ship or a private machine. Our ship is not made to fight, our only chance was to escape” Steve explained and Natasha translated.
“Sure, hopefully they speak a language we understand” Steve said and sar up straight, Tony next to him did the same thing.
“I think I should go back to my room” he then said and left, leaving Steve to star at the empty and cooling down spot of his bed where Tony had laid.
It didn‘t take them long to reach the prison block. Multiple cells filled with their crew were left and right of them. The real Jonny Storm sprung up when he saw his Doppelgänger and spat in their direction.
“And why would that stop us?” If anything, that just makes the situation even more tempting” a sickening sweet voice laughed and the man and woman oppose to Steve stepped aside to make space for a very human looking man. Steve cursed when he saw the AIM symbol on his chest.
“At least let me change into something more appropriated” the Captain said but his second in command crunched his nose.
„This ship belongs now to the Skrull! Surender and we don‘t have to harm you!“ she received as an answered.
„Yeah, but if they would have wanted to kill them, they would have done that. Ergo everyone taken must be imprisoned on the other ship. If we could get their and free everyone we could regain control over our ship“ Harley said.
“Yes they are and I leave with them” she said fiercely. She hadn’t been laying when she said AIM’s consequences were worse.
„One that doesn‘t include bursting in, destroying half of the ship and probably killing a few of us because we have no clue who is who?“ Tony asked with both eyebrows raised.
“Ultron said he killed someone, when he first attacked us. Who did he kill? We didn’t found a body” Steve asked and Tony’s eyes went unseeing.
The Holodeck was mostly used for simulations, taking scans from planets and analyze them from a safe distance without disturbing the planets residents. Right now it looked like a clearing. High trees surrounding the spot of green grass where a blanket laid out. Candles surrounded it and a basket full of food stood in the middle. Over them the stars lightened the night.
„Peter, Harley, are you alright?“ he asked worried and pressed himself against the glass wall that separated them.
„We need to find Mr. Stark! He needs to know whats going on“ Peter exclaimed and run further down the mechanic room Harley close behind him.
They both begged away from the angry robot against a wall. No way to run, Ben and Drex still out cold, Natasha and Thor not to be seen. It wasn’t looking good for them.
“What? There is no other ship on the radar” Rhodey stated confused. Bruce more or less pushed Sam away from the computer to have a better look and countered the attack in his stead.
“He knows what Ultron in planning so you go up there and fucking listen to him. Your emotions shouldn’t stop you from doing what’s best for the crew … Captain” Clint hissed with fake respect.
“I am Captain Steve Grant Rogers of the U.S.S. Avenger. We have no ill intentions but attaking us would equal attacking the federation of planets and believe me you don’t want that” Steve informed their opponents but received just some sinkers as answer instead of the lowered guns he against all odds had hoped for.
“Of course I do” she stated and immediately started to translate Steve’s speech. Shortly after she finished a visual connection was made and the crew could see three humanoid individuals with dark blue skin and from their point of view strange clothes. The three strangers in turn could only see Steve, tony and Natasha, who had stepped behind them. Steve nodded respectful and the man (?) in the middle, obviously the superior, nodded in return. Then he stated to speak, it was short and with harsh notes but that might just be a tick of the language. Steve looked at him as long as he spoke and then turned to Natasha to receive her translation. There was slightly confused look on her face but just for a second before it turned neutral again.
„Look, it‘s fake Groot. If he‘s still here then the fake Mr. Stark must be over there“ Harley laughed while pointing further down the deck.
When he later stepped foot on the mechanic deck he found Thor and Drex talking to each other while Rocket yelled that everyone was standing in his way of fixing shit. His words not Steve’s. Benjamin Grimm smiled at Steve when he saw him enter and walked towards him.
“I am Kilien. Like most members of AIM I dedicated my live to science. I tried to perfect a serum that makes our soldiers and therefore AIM unstoppable and it is so nice of you to volunteer for my experiments” he smiled and through a metal sphere into the group.
„At least it is better than looking at stars. I am going to read Olympe Gouges. I want to hand in a formal complain about the fact that we only have two woman in position of power on this ship which  is inexcusable and who better to quote in it than Olympe De Gouges, founder of modern feminism and that over thousand years ago“, she explained smiling.
“Ultron!” Pym said with a proud smile but Steve’s confusion over the explanation must have been obvious because Tony explained it further.
“If it is that good than how did we escaped in the first place” Janet mocked him and the smile on Killian’s face dimmed slightly.
“Oh, Maya. What are you doing, darling?” Killian laughed not bothered by the gun pointed at his head.  Then, with one swift move he gripped her gun, ripped away from her hands hand with one hand snapped her neck. Her limp body dropped to the floor eyes wide in shock. Killian must have used Extremis on himself.
“How many?” was his next question and Steve remembered what he had said about the blood Ultron spread and how it would be in Tony’s hands. He’ll have to talk to Tony about this later.
He should have informed Carol as soon as Natasha expressed her discomfort. Hopefully they had already realized they were missing and a rescue party was on their way.
“I can’t find any trace of the Extremis serum neither in his blood nor in his brain. Except for the arc reactor there is no physical proof that something’s different. I don’t think it is dangerous for Stark but I can’t know for sure with the research data destroyed” the Doctor explained and Steve nodded. It could be worse.
“We don’t know for sure. Our first priority is getting out of here. It’s just the three of you?” Steve wanted to know. Only three appeared not enough, seeing that they were in an AIM faculty in AIM territory.”Sending an army down here, that we don’t have by the way, would only end in a big fight. Best case scenario would be just losing you guys and one third of the crew. Coming down in a small group appear to be the better call to me” Carol explained on their way out, passing multiple unconscious or dead AIM soldiers and scientist.
„Hell yeah I did. And beat Thor‘s ass all along“ said woman grinned which shifted a bruise on her cheek and Commander Denvers gave her a loving smile.
Only two hours later the two were back on the ship shortly followed by Tony’s group. Both Tony and Bruce carried backs with parts and Thor had some big metal object thrown over his big shoulder.
„No, come and help me drag them into the storage room and tie them together“ he ordered and begun to pull the former Barton with Harley‘s help.
“So the Robot came alive? Can’t we just turn him of again?” Clint wanted to know and both Bruce and Hank looked at Tony. Everyone followed their look and Tony sighted.
“Thank you” Steve said and left but not before he could hear Rocket wiser: “Way to many humans here.”
„Sorry Mr. Stark, but I think we proved today that we are capable of taking care of our self. Harley and I started this on the mechanic deck and I think it would be only fair if we were there to end it as well“ Peter explained their point and Harley next to him crossed his arms in front of his chest.
“What happened to him?” she asked worried and the other two of the rescue team came closer as well with worried looks.
„Attack is probably the wrong word. It was a small animal, it looked a lot like a spider“ Peter explained which ended in Harley laughing.
„Don‘t touch her you green peace of shit“ and then he punched Peter with his free hand. Peter moved his head so that Harleys fist wouldn‘t hit him in the middle of the face but he still let him hit him. Storm immediately came to his support and gripped Harley tide and pushed him against a wall. Harley‘s head hit the metal wall hard and Peter had to hold himself back to not come to his friends help. Even MJ stopped her fake crying and cringed at the sickening sound. Harley blinged trying to orientate himself. He probably had a concussion.
That was kind of morbid but I just had to kill someone with a red shirt. Anyway, I think Tony suffered enough for now so I'll change perspective for the next cheapter. Peter and Harley are going to star.
“I get a signal. Half an hour from here is a class M planet. We could refuel or oxygen supplies” Natasha informed them and Steve nodded.
“Ok, than we know our next destination, Rhodes, Danvers how long until we can make contact?” he asked.
„I took self defense classes back on earth“ Peter laid and Harley piped in: „Also he wasn‘t alone, ok. We are an awesome team.“
„They have this collar things that stops me from connecting myself to their technic. No clue how it works or how they found out about it“ Mr. Stark sighted
“They are on the other site” he mumbled and his still orange eyes moved faster then it could be healthy.
“Steve” she said and nodded towards Tony who was studying Ultron’s reminders. She knew what had to be done and judging by the way Tony looked up at him he knew it as well. Steve sighted and closed his eyes firmly. He had to be the Captain of the U.S.S. Avenger right now and not Steve Rogers.
Tony shook his head in disbelieve over his two apprentice and stepped towards the next screen to video call the bridge as well as Dr. Strange.
“Ok, I’m going to speak to them and I obviously need Romanov for translation. Stark, you and Banner go find some spare parts. Take Odinson with you, just to be sure. The rest stays on the ship” Steve ordered while the ship sank down to land on the surface below.
This time the screams were muffled through the fabric in his mouth but they were no less painful to hear, even more so because this time they were Tony’s. His Tony, who was only here because Steve thought he was being clever. This was his fault. Everything his team was going through was on him.
“Yeah, everything’s fine” the other man said and through a knowing smile at Tony who in return looked as innocent as the night. At least that answered the question if Tony had told someone of their relationship. If Bruce knew than Rhodey and Pepper knew as well.
They hurried out of the ship and onto theirs. When Peter passed the Skrull that had impersonated Commander Danvers it was already nocked out.
„What is wrong small humans?“ the tree asked again and Peter shuddered, the hair on his arms and his neck stood up. Something was happening.
“Do your worst, asshole!” he spit while the soldiers gripped him and dragged him towards the still bloody chair.
“Hard work for weeks, countless sleepless nights and all you have to say is sounds useful? This is revolutionary Steve” he said proud and Steve couldn’t suppress a smile.
“We find another way out” Steve said confident and was already turning around but Tony started to wiggle on his back.
“Come one, he had enough. Just let us go. Our crew is already on their way. If you let us go I promise you you won’t face as harsh consequences as the others” Steve tried to bribe the woman but she just shook her head.
„Mr. Stark“ the fake Peter asked scared and the real one could only look at his Doppelgänger in shock. This one was a lot better in acting than the others.
“NO! Don’t touch me! I’m almost there!” the man screamed and crawled away from away from Steve which made his heart hurt. Tony wasn’t supposed to react that way just because Steve touched him.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“But when something comes up you call me, ok Tony? I don’t care when or about what. Just don’t lock me out, please” Steve begged and after a few seconds without a reaction from Tony he turned to leave. Before the door closed he turned around again and locked eyes with Tony.
“Wait, did you talked to a computer in your head and asked him to open the door?” Clint asked confused before running to freedom.
“Appropriated means uniform and I just can’t tolerate that” Tony replayed and continued to drag Steve past the sleeping quarters.
Wondering why security wasn’t intervening, Tony looked towards the Not-Steve-Lifeguard. The younger guard seemed completely oblivious to what was happening. He was too busy being distracted by the bawling child beside him, who having a tantrum and screaming for her parents.
“He looks at you like he wants to put his mating bite on you. Like he’d launch a thousand ships if another alpha tried to take you away.”
“I, um, should have a heat coming up.” He clutched the coffee mug tighter. Fidgeted. “Would you...hypothetically...want to be my heat partner?”
“I do. I do need to thank you. There aren’t too many alphas who’d treat me the way you do. Trust me, I know.” Tony didn’t talk about Obie. Ever. Not too long ago, the only way someone could’ve gotten him to tell them about his old alpha was by pointing a gun to his head.
“I’m serious, Tony. He was looking at you like you were a ribeye steak and he didn’t care if I knew it. I thought he was going to beat his chest and challenge me to a duel. The last thing you need is another controlling douchebag.”
“Did I say somethin’ wrong?” Her green eyes blinked up at Tony innocently. “I heard you an’ Darcy calling him that.”
Steve hadn’t interrupted. Had only listened; a complicated series of emotions washing over his expression. Tony saw pain, empathy, heart break. Protectiveness. Admiration and respect for what he’d survived. Anger so raw it was living and breathing.
The teen’s scent was everywhere. In his lungs. Filling his head. A mix of aftershave, sunscreen, chlorine, and the unique scent of compatible alpha male. It was better than air. Calming him and yet somehow making him more frenzied all at once.
You guys have no idea how much it means to me that people are actually reading this crazy little fic of mine. <3
It was also probably the hardest the teen had had to work to get laid in his life. If anyone else had been lucky enough to find themselves on a date with Steve, they’d almost certainly be all over him, steaming up the windows to his car like that scene in
“Should be.” As if Tony couldn’t manage something as easy as file recovery. Please. It was child’s play. “Give it a look; see for yourself. I’ll wait.”
“What happened?” he asked calmly but with concern. He had learned the hard way that kids were a sponge for emotions and that if he freaked out, she’d only become more upset (Nat skinning her knee his first week on the job came to mind). Gently taking her arm, he inspected the cut on her elbow. Her skin was red and welling with a tiny amount of blood, but it was thankfully nothing serious.
He imagined Steve’s knot swelling inside him. How incredible it’d feel to have that big, hard cock locking them together, Steve pinning Tony down until he could never get away.
“I do,” Steve said, predictably adamant. That stubborn gleam was back in his eyes and Tony could all but see his resolution to cut off contact with the alpha falling apart. Especially when Steve next admitted, “I almost called you a dozen times this week. I’ve been trying to slow down, give you space. But I...I don’t like staying away. I miss you like crazy, babe.”
All of a sudden, ‘Teenage Dream’ by Katy Perry started blaring out of Tony’s phone, stopping him in his tracks. Darcy, being the annoying friend that she was, had set the song as Steve’s ringtone. Tony hadn’t bothered changing it because he hadn’t thought the teen would actually call him.
Steve was already a lot taller than him, and their height difference was only emphasized further by the fact that Steve was standing while Tony was sitting. The alpha looked positively gigantic. And every bit as tempting as usual.
Okay, wow. He’d actually agreed. Though, suddenly, Tony wasn’t so sure if that was a good thing or not. Was he ready for this much physical nearness with Steve?
“Does it look cloudy to you?” Tony looked anxiously up at the perfectly sunny, clear blue sky. “I smell rain. Do you smell rain? I’m getting a definite sense of impending rain.”
bad idea. There were too many inviting surfaces. The sofa. The kitchen counter. The desk in his workshop. The wall. Any available space they came across found itself christened with a heated kiss or two.
Then, with an intensity that made Tony want to hold his breath, he said, “This isn’t a game, and I’m going to do whatever it takes to prove that to you.” From the look on his face, it was a promise that he had every intention of keeping.
He held his breath, unable to trust that he was out of the woods just yet. Expecting another panic attack to sweep him away like a hurricane at any moment.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry.” Growing dizzy, Tony dug his fingers into his hair, his breath too fast and too shallow. He still couldn’t draw enough air into his lungs. “I w-wear scent blockers, I do, b-but they aren’t working. I d-don’t want this, I don’t.”
Nat stood on her tiptoes to place the aforementioned dish into the sink, and then cradled her unholy doll in her arms before prancing away.
had—his pick of pretty people hanging off his arm. Hell, Tony had already seen Peggy and she was a total knockout.
“Because I always want you. Whether I'm around you or not. Whether I’m exposed to your pheromones or not. Always, Tony. Always.” The teenager was doing it again: being incredibly, annoyingly, ruthlessly sweet. Making Tony feel like he was someone special. Someone desired. “It wouldn’t make any difference if you were an alpha or a beta. I’d have to be dead not to notice you.”
Each kiss seemed to send a bolt of pleasure directly to Tony’s groin. Slick gushed out of him, his pheromones going crazy.
Even so, denying Steve equal skin privileges was beginning to have disastrous consequences on his furniture. Tony’s bed hadn’t survived their latest encounter.
. “No, but I do have a complaint. Sure took you long enough, Rogers. You could’ve done this two dates ago.”
“Uh, yeah. I was under the impression that was what one did on a first date.” Realizing he was fidgeting with his hair, he quickly dropped his hand, embarrassed. “Albeit, now I feel like a bit of a tool because I’m the only one who tried to dress up.”
Obie had detested the sight of Tony’s surgical scar. He’d expected his omega to come to him young, and smooth, and perfect. He’d been angered by the news of Tony’s congenital heart defect, believing it made him bad breeding stock.
Whenever Tony started to think he had Steve Rogers figured out, the teenager would go and surprise him. It kept things interesting, to say the least.
Not only did the woman not seem to care that Tony was disgraced, but she was also under the impression that Steve was Tony’s mate. That Bucky and Natasha were his and Steve’s kids.
The alpha in him would demand retribution. Demand that he eliminate any threat to what he saw as his omega.
After that, Darcy had chucked him on the shoulder with a, “Glad you’re not dead, dude, that would’ve really sucked,” which in Darcy speak was about as close to a heartfelt confession as he was gonna get. And then he’d been loaded into Steve’s SUV and they were off.
“No.” Far from it. He set multiple alarms to make sure he took them on time. “I tried switching brands, too. The last one wasn’t working, either.”
Before Bruce got truly angry. He was already huffing and puffing and turning a dangerous shade of red.
“I understand,” he said solemnly, like the persuasive power of ice cream and sprinkles was simply too much for any one child to resist.
It was still a novelty to be awarded control by an alpha. To be asked for permission instead of told what to do. And the thing of it was, Steve would always ask. That was the kind of person Steve was, Tony was quickly learning.
that? Chivalry hasn’t been a thing since the 1800s!” He scrubbed a hand over his face. “Just…just back off, okay? I can take care of myself. I am not helpless.”
Tony slowly calmed as he allowed himself to be comforted by the alpha’s voice. If Steve was going to come after him, he would have done it by now. Tony was starting to trust that he was safe.
“Sure. Listen, you’re welcome to stay if you want to. Nebula will understand if I have to reschedule.”
“Nothing big. Just, oh, you know, selling me to another alpha. Ain’t she a peach? Mother of the year, that one.”
“I know. But you might’ve found it anyway,” Darcy said, turning contemplative as her usual aloof, sarcastic humor vanished from her tone. She frowned. “God, you should’ve seen him when he pulled you from the water…he went totally berserk … especially when we thought you weren’t going to wake up…That was not the reaction of a friend. I don’t know how you haven’t noticed, but he’s kind of obsessed with you.”
Securing his seatbelt, Tony waited until Steve had climbed behind the wheel before saying, “Just so you know, I meant it when I said we should do things your way. I’m ready to rethink the shallow end. I know today was a big waste of time…but I can do better. I
He didn’t know if it made him feel less perverted that so many older women were also equally affected by the teenager. Mostly, it just made him feel jealous.
Hey guys, sorry for the long wait. Life has been kicking my butt a bit lately. The next chapter should hopefully come sooner.
Jane was a nurse practitioner who specialized in omega healthcare. She was the only person in her field he trusted even mildly enough to reach out to.
“Are you close with your dad?” Tony found himself asking. The teen was exactly the type of son Howard would have preferred.
“Rhodes, I trust him. With my life. And I say that with all the confidence in the world considering he’s actually saved it.”
“You told that lady you’re not family. You are too family! Momma says we get to choose our family, and I choose you.”
“Christ, kid. Don’t. Don’t say that to me.” Talking about it made it too real. Made it more than a harmless crush.
Steve had gone to stand by the counter, leaving a fair bit of distance between them that was still somehow too intimately close. He crossed his arms over his big chest, shifted a bit, then immediately uncrossed them again. His plate remained untouched beside him.
It had started as a way to protect himself. To keep his expectations from getting too high. Life couldn’t hurt as much if he was always prepared for the worst. But somewhere along the way, he’d forgotten how to show himself kindness.
know that?” Darcy arched her brows, like she couldn’t help getting in one last remark. “Because someone should probably tell him that and it’s not going to be me.” Conversation closed, she reached for the remote and returned to channel surfing.
this teenager, and how the hell was he so mature for his age? Tony knew 30-year-olds less emotionally developed than Steve was. In fact, in another few years, he’d be one. “I bet you’ve always had it easy, huh?” Irrationally, the more kindness Steve displayed, the more volatile Tony felt. “Tall, good looking, athletic…with a full ride to university and a mom and a brother that adore you…your life is white-picket-fence perfect.
“No can do, Stank. God knows somebody’s gotta do it. You’re constitutionally incapable of being responsible. The earth would stop rotating on its axis in cosmic shock if you remembered to take proper care of yourself for a whole 24 hours. If I know you, you haven’t even eaten anything today.”
Steve had helped him stagger to the bathroom. Had rubbed his back while he’d been hunched over, praying to the porcelain god. Had kept him from accidentally putting face wash on his toothbrush when he’d insisted on brushing his teeth. Had brought him water and made sure he was hydrated, before tucking him back into bed.
“Don’t—don’t tell him I saw you,” the beta pleaded. Backing away so quickly that he stumbled over the curb of the sidewalk, Brock righted himself and then ran—literally
Computer viruses made up over half of his clientele. The jobs were no-brainers and incredibly repetitive, but he needed the money, especially if he wanted to start paying Steve back for his hospital bills.
They were no longer the two strangers who’d been trying to feel each other out in Steve’s kitchen all that time ago. Back then, Tony couldn’t have imagined how far they’d come. How they’d one day know each other well enough to let their guards down together. In the biblical and non-biblical sense.
Feeling silly for his freak-out, he watched in muted surprise as the alpha began to tend to him, cleaning him of the slick, sticky fluids marking his chest and thighs. The gentleness and care of the teen’s ministrations did awful and terrible things to his still unguarded heart. Mostly because they weren’t terrible and awful at all.
grin. With teeth, even. Tony had to admit it was a good smile. A leading man sort of smile. The kind of smile that made everyone, no matter who they were, fall just a little bit in love with him.
“Okay. You’re right.” Tony threw his hands up. “I’m not fine. I had another anxiety attack—in a lifejacket no less. We should have done things your way. Is that what you want to hear?” He wrenched off the orange vest and threw it to the floor. “This is fudging hopeless.”
The young boy launched a tsunami sized wave at their heads. Shrieking, Nat hurriedly released Tony and retaliated, splashing her friend back.
Tony was about to continue making his case for splitting the bill when he noticed a group of teenagers giving him the stink eye from the next line over. The group consisted of two beta females and one omega male. All three were likely only a few years younger than Steve. Around sixteen or so.
. If today was intended to be a demonstration that we can mix and mingle with each other’s friends, the experiment was a colossal failure. Attempting to fight my best friend isn’t going to win you any points with me. If you want to keep seeing me, you’re going to have to get over your problem with Rhodey. His place in my life is non-negotiable.”
Society, the authorities…they’d all say the same thing. That he’d asked for it. That his pheromones had meant that he’d wanted it.
Steve nodded. “Great. We should exchange numbers. That way, you’ll know how to reach me.” A sly smile crept over the alpha’s face. “And I can ring you if we ever need any more repair work.”
The teenager sounded like he’d been the one brought to his knees, voice hoarse and wrecked. “Tony...that was...you’re amazing.”
The only thing that bothered Tony about Steve was that Steve was too good for him. Not that Tony could say that.
He wasn’t aware he was moving until he found himself in front of his liquor cabinet. His hand going straight for the scotch, he wrenched off the cap, downing it directly from the bottle. Seeking absolution. Obliteration. The total destruction of his thoughts.
It had become normal for them to send each other a play-by-play of their day. If Tony’s phone wasn’t pinging with alerts from Steve, it was for one of two reasons. One being because Steve had to put his phone away for work, and the other being because Steve was already there beside him.
“From what you’ve told me about your past,” Steve stated gutturally, “it doesn’t make you a bad person for not wanting to have that bastard’s baby. You were a victim.
The growling abruptly cut off. “What’s his name and where can I find him?” Steve’s voice was deceptively calm, lethal intent hidden in his tone.
“Remember when you chased Mr. Modok around the school with your hover car and he nearly pissed himself because he thought some secret high-tech branch of the government was after him?” Rhodey chuckled.
He had a sneaking suspicion that Steve Rogers was going to prove to be a very big problem for him in the future.
Christ. Tony could practically feel the hardened shell around his heart cracking. “Right. Sure. That’s nice of you to say and all, but it doesn’t really do me any good.” He squeezed his eyes shut, unsure what possessed him to say what he said next. “
Taking a minute to center himself, Tony brushed off his hands and set the bucket of popcorn on the dashboard. “I can see you’re waiting for me to elaborate, so here goes… When I was born, I had a problem with one of the valves in my heart. They rushed me into neonatal surgery, but the valve was too malformed to be repaired properly. I needed a replacement. Back then, though, that wasn’t something that was done. They didn’t know how to make mechanical valves small enough for newborns or infants. The prognosis was that I wouldn’t live to see my first birthday. I don’t remember any of this, of course. It’s all second-hand information. The way my mom tells it is that she and my father moved heaven and earth to find a solution. They sought out the world’s top cardiothoracic surgeon.”
Tony knew he should say no. Sharing clothes carried a significant weight in their community. It was an intimate act. An additional way of scent marking. A way for alphas and betas to say ‘this person is important’ or ‘this person is taken.’
He’d stared at it in the mirror for longer than he should have. When he’d pressed down on it, he’d gone instantly, painfully erect. His instincts had gone wild. A haze of lust overtook him, and before he knew it, he was coming into his fist, the name
“Maybe,” Tony hedged. “There’s not all that much to look at. I’m a lot less interesting than you think.”
Tony gaped, feeling like he was staring into the sun. Though that may have been because it was also shining directly into his eyes.
It was becoming abundantly clear to Tony that Steve was a foul mouth at heart. The teenager cleaned up his language when they were around everyone else, but when they were alone—particularly when they were watching sports—Steve let loose, cursing with all the colors of the wind.
“Here,” the alpha said, handing Bruce his glasses. “Don’t worry about Jeremy. I’ll have a talk with him. He won’t bother you two again.”
Five minutes later they had decided that Ned and Flash should stay back, Peter would act like a Skrull and Harley and MJ were his prisoners. Harley gave his beloved metal pipe to Ned for safe keeping.
“Barton, find Thor and tell him Ultron targets our oxygen supplies” he ordered and the other man nodded before leaving.
„Of course not, I‘m not stupid. Any way, Ned and I got bored and sneaked of the ship“ Peter continued and rolled his eyes at Harley’s raised eyebrow.
“But the only one to copy when he woke up was you!” Steve said and Tony looked at him with wide eyes.
“Wilson?” he asked the man who started to tip with a for him unknown speed on the computer in front of him, eyebrows knitted together.
“Because he can learn. It is just a matter of time until he finds a way to over ride his programming and we need to stop him before that happens” Tony explained and after that Steve let him work. Suddenly the lights went on, the screens on the walls as well and a soft jolt told them that the ship was moving again.
Before the docking point were to guards, Commander Denvers and Mr. Storm. Both locked up when Peter dragged Harley and MJ towards them.
“Tony please wake up. What happened?” Steve shock Tony’s shoulders soft. They needed to find whoever did this before they could do any damage.
“Ok, I need to know where this comes from and I need Tony here ASAP” Steve ordered and was about to call Tony when Bruce looked up.
“My skin is flawles as ever, thanks for your concern. Gosh, I need a coffee“ Tony answered with a small smile. “I’m really sorry to interrupt you boys, but we are lost in the middle of nowhere with nearly empty fuel tanks, no shield and no warp so how about we concentrate on fixing that” Natasha stated slightly pissed. His xenolinguistic lieutenant was as dangerous as she was beautiful and Steve was glad she was in his side.
“Cap, what ya doing down here?” the raccoon asked and climbed on a table to be more on Steve’s eyelevel, it was far from enough.
Clint was the next to wake up, followed by Tony. The Ensign was the last to open his eyes and there host had obviously watched them because Killian chose that moment to enter through a door Steve could have sworn hadn’t been there before.
“I don’t mess up!” Tony mumbled, his arms around his torso but Steve was to enraged to reassure his lover.
„And there I thought he was warming up to us“ Peter mumbled confused. Rocket might not be the most friendliest of the crew but he at least had some form of respect for other mechanics: „Wired.“
“Ultron, Bruce said he is almost finished. I just need to do the last of his programming” Tony confessed and Steve took a deep breath.
“A minute for what? Tony, what are you planning? Here is no access panel! We can’t open the door from here!” Bruce tried to explain calmly but Tony fanatically shook his head.
„Didn‘t you hear the part where this two took out more then two of us. I don‘t trust them to not do something stupid“ he said and shock MJ hard. The girl started to cry harder while Harley begun to scream at him.
“Did ya see that? This baby works smoothly. The sound was perfect. I think I’m in love” the Racoon said proudly petting his gun.
“What? No! But I tried to make him human. He was supposed to copy human behavior” Tony explained looking everywhere but at Steve.
“What’s wrong?” Strange asked when he saw them. The Doctor was probably here to give a full report on injuries and medical supplies like he tends to do after inconveniences.
“What do you mean we lost control? Out system is unhackable. Mordor himself created it” Killian yelled at his man.
“You are right. I was so busy with how we can save resources that I didn’t thought about the social problems. This is going to be a lot more difficult than I thought” Steve said and he could feel Tony’s shoulders tense up.
“You remember when Ultron couldn’t attack you on our first encounter with him?” Tony asked and Steve nodded, encouraging him to continue.
Again and again he found himself in front of the closed door to Tony’s room. He knew the other one was in there, he hadn’t left in three days, not even to eat and Steve was going to put an end on Tony’s self-destructive behavior. He knocked first and after a minute past without a response he repeated the action. Again nothing.
“More or less. Not enough to repair everything to a satisfying degree but we will probably be able to travel with light speed for a short period of time. If we go that fast for more than a few minutes I fear the core might over head and we would all die from radioactive radiation” Tony explained and Steve raised an eyebrow: “Yeah, let’s not do that.”
Responsible. With great power comes great responsibility. His uncles voice echoed through his head and calmed him down. They could do this. They just needed to find someone who hasn‘t been replaced yet.
„What do you think you are doing. You will go with the others and lay low until this is over“ he ordered but Peter shook his head.
Steve’s first stop was the mechanic deck. He didn’t spent much time between these giant machines whose purpose were a mystery to him but Tony loved this place, loved to be surrounded by machines more than by real people. But Tony wasn’t there. The only living creature Steve found was Rocket and the wired more or less talking tree that followed him everywhere.
When they entered the mechanic room they saw Groot tipping on one of the modules which was even weirder than seeing him without Rocket. The boys weren‘t sure what Groot‘s purpose on the ship was but him touching electronic never ended well.
„We have no way of finding out if there is a spy at the moment but we still can take back our ship. Just stay together!“ Captain Rogers ordered and everyone followed MJ who was guiding them back to wards their home.
“No, I thought that when we are stuck on this ship for ten years, we could as well make our relationship known” Steve said and Tony tensed in his arm then turned around to look at him.
„Damn, he can‘t differentiate between the real and the fake ones. Ok, how many live signals are on the ship?“ Harley tried again.
“Where was I until I was so rudely interrupted? Ahh, yes. I wanted to inform you what I have planned for this party. As I said before I am trying to create some kind of super soldier serum but the causalities of my experiments are kind of high so I am really glad you decided to help out. I have to say I am curious. The Extremis serum works different on every species and I never tried it on a human” Killian explained with a wide smile and then gave someone who Steve couldn’t see a signal. Two of the enhanced soldiers with orange veins entered as well as a few scientists with monitors, weirs and an IV.
They were nearly out where the ship could hopefully beam them up, leaving the smaller ship behind which they had landed with out of politeness didn’t concern them, when they were stopped by Killian and a bunch of his super soldiers as well as Maya.  All of them had guns raised in their direction.
“Ok nice but how?” Janet asked but no one was looking a gifted horse in the mouth. Same for the door that suddenly opened.
He jumped on a metal table and from there onto the alien, slung his legs around his neck and crashed his head onto the table. As soon as it was out cold it turned back into it‘s original form which was large and green with pointy ears.
“Don’t Captain!” Tony argued put the only female scientist pushed something in his mouth to shut him up.
“We lost control over the system” he answered while tipping on a hologram that appeared in front of him.
“The protection unit I told you about. We think the Dire Warth gave us the last parts we need to finish it. Especially now that we are stuck on this ship with next to no protection we need something like Ultron to not only fight our battles but also to fulfill repairs on the outside of the ship. I want it to resemble humans just to make it more acceptable by the crew. Some biological components as well as a human like mind should support that, which is why Bruce and Hank are here. And Peter and Harley help with the robotic part. Last thing to do is for me to actually program it and see if it works” Tony summarized his work of multiple weeks in a way Steve could easily follow.
„Young sirs, is there a reason why the elevator stopped. Is there an emergency?“ Jarvis voice echoed through the small room and Peter jumped down from the ceiling.
“Hello Captain Rogers” a mechanic voice said and Tony’s eyes darken with fear and anger. Steve spun around and stood in front of Ultron The silver body appeared broken but the sinister smile on his face was proud and confident. The robot took a step towards them. Weak legs seemed to barley supporting his weight and he looked like a puppet whose strings have been cut.
“The boss man is not here. He left with the two smaller humans to meet other humans in the lab” Rocket explained and griped a wrench to hit seemingly randomly a pip.
“He wants to know why we were in a fight if we are scientists” Natasha asked for the man who still hasn’t introduced himself.
„I think Ned‘s plan is very exiting“, he started and Ned gave him and appreciating look, then he continued: „ Harley and I are going to spend the weekend with Mr. Stark. This new think where he can connect his brain with computers is so exiting and he asked Harley and me if we want to help find out his limits. Isn‘t that awesome?“
„I am Groot“ his friend said and everyone turned to him. Behind the metal table laid the Skrull Peter had nocked out earlier today.
“I’ll explain later” Tony said and looked expecting to the next corner. Fighting sounds were audible and those of them who were still able to fight fell into a defensive position. But behind the corner weren’t any AIM agents. At least not anymore, Carol, T-Challa and Thor had made sure of that.
Harley and Peter where still mumbling to each other when they exited the elevator but stopped when they saw passing by.
„Good. So, do you remember a few weeks ago, when we landed on that small planet shortly before the Ultron incident?“ he asked and Harley nodded.
“There must have been another way” he started but Steve immediately interrupted him: “There wasn’t!”
“I don’t like that thought at all” Steve said and through a look over his shoulder just to see if someone was around. This was the most open display of affection they ever had and Steve feared that if someone saw them Tony would regret it. His euphoria about Ultron and whatever he had plant for Steve got the better of him.
„Wow, so now you and Mr. Stark have superpowers. Where do I get some. I want some. A lab experiment failed. Thats it, I need Dr. Banner“ Harley exclaimed and clapped his hands together.
„And you wanted to to do science with Dr. Stark“ Ned said to prove the same thing, even thought Peter knew that already, he didn‘t had the feeling that made his hairs stand up.
“I understood it a little bit different but ok, Clint” Tony mumbled and received a friendly punch against the arm from the archer when he passed him. To Steve’s disappointment did Tony a really good job at ignoring him and sat down next to Fassamau. They would have enough time to talk when they were on the planet below. Clint sat down on the pilot seat and immediately the small ship left towards the orange planet they could see through the window. Natasha had informed him of the name but it was impossible for him to pronounce so he hadn’t tried to store the information.
“Hey, what are you doing?” Steve asked and stepped closer to the table to take a look. In front of him laid some kind of robot, the size of an average human with similar anatomy but in silver and red with a scary smile.
“Commandeer Stark; you brought the entire crew in danger. Every harm Ultron does will be your fault. I have to arrest you. Barton, please bring Stark into a cell” Steve announce cold and turned to leave the room. Behind him everyone started to talk at the same time. Through the chaos of voices he could hear protest against the order, mainly from Clint and even Dr. Strange seemed to thought Steve overreacted but he wouldn’t pull back now. He waited outside the lab and watched how Tony walked towards the elevator, Clint’s hand on his back but more for support than anything. Steve tried to avoid Tony’s eyes but they pulled him towards them with the same gravity they always had possessed. The look of heartbreak would hunt Steve in his dreams but right now that wasn’t important. Right now the crew mattered most. The others left one after one to find a way to stop Ultron but Natasha stopped next to Steve.
“That was uncalled for. We both know this is not Tony’s fault. Hopefully you didn’t just ruin everything you two had” she said sad and left. Guilt begun to settle on Steve’s stomach but he couldn’t do something about that now. He also needed to figure out what to tell the crew. He didn’t want to terrify them. The truce could end in a panic but lying wasn’t an option. At the moment he didn’t had a way of communicating with the entire crew any way.
“They couldn’t call for help with the communication down. Clint found them a few minutes ago but we didn’t know where you were” she informed him and he nodded.
When they finally reached the mad bay Doctor Strange hushed all of them out, he hated it when it was crowded, so Steve had to wait in the hall. Natasha stayed with him while the others took much needed rest or ordered the ship to leave this galaxy as fast as possible.
“Maya, stay here. The rest of you is not needed here at the moment” Killian ordered and the female scientist nodded while the rest left.
„Is it over?“ a scared voice asked and now Flash came around the corner as well. He was shaking badly and even thought Peter disliked Flash he felt bad for the other boy.
“No, I thought if something important comes up Jarvis would inform us” Steve said and Tony didn’t really look at him.
„Hey Rocket, where is Groot? I don‘t think I ever saw you two separated“ Harley greeted the Lieutenant who just looked at them distrusting.
“Yeah, that’s what I’m here for. I would like to accompany you on this mission” Fassamau explained and Steve had to hid his disappointment. He wanted this to be a mission with friends but if he refused to take the Ensign he had to explain why he took the people he chose.
„Ok, we are going to Dr. Strange“ Harley answered and turned to activate the elevator but Peter griped is arm to stop him.
„I am full of surprises“ Peter answered with a smile and turned to the next cell where the crew from the bridge waited.
„Sure, we are science bros. Even when for what ever reason you decided that some random reactions between elements are more exciting than physic. Is this your way of coming out as gay?“ Harley smiled.
“Ultron” Bruce whispered shocked. Ultron turned his head towards the scientist and his red eyes focused on him.
„I don‘t think fairness is important right now. This is dangerous. And Harley has a concussion“ Mr. Stark argued angry and pointed in Harley who begun to pout.
„I ain‘t going to look a gifted cow in the mouth“ Rocket exclaimed and gripped one of his modified guns that, much to Tony‘s dislike, laid everywhere.
“Strange is an asshole. I mean, he is a brilliant doctor and I’m glad his here with us but as a person I totally hate that guy” Steve said and kissed Tony’s head.
„What the fuck is this thing, Rocket?“ Harley asked and holt the weapon away from his body with a disgusted look.
When he was used to the light he finally took in the sight in front of him.  Opposite of him was a high wall. Janet was chained to it, arms raised over her head. Unconsciousness still claimed her. Next to her were Clint and Tony chained in a similar fashion. Steve tried to get to the later one but as he was about to figured out he was as well chained to a wall. The ache in his shoulders had been blissfully blocked out until this moment and the pain hit him like a fist.
Harley looked at the to of them and drummed nervously against is collarbone, the exact spot where he had drawn the dot earlier. Peter locked eyes with his friend and, unknown to his Doppelgänger, tipped against his right upper arm and then nodded towards on of Rockets guns. Harley grind and Peter turned to the Skrull to distract him.
„This boy was one of their friends. Was the only way of getting close enough. Haven‘t had the chance to change into something more appropriated“ Peter explained stern and to his luck the skrulls seemed to buy it.
The next morning, Tony woke up early and rebooted JARVIS and hacked into HYDRA database using his private Stark server. After a few minutes of finding he finally found the file that he was looking for. He immediately transferred it to JARVIS's database and burned the laptop a few feet away from his motel. Coming back to his room, he closed the curtain and switched on his server. "J, you up?" "
Reaching down, Peter heard his Pops voice and somebody else's voice. "Is that..Harley?!" Peter exclaimed and Tony laughed and nodded, Peter sprinting towards the kitchen. As he guessed, there sat his Pops and his dear elder brother talking to each other with a plate of mac and cheese in front. "Har!" Peter ran and Harley sat up from his seat and embraced him in a tight embrace. "Pete! How are ya little guy?" Harley greeted him while ruffling his hair, Peter squaked and batted his hands away and pulled a chair beside Harley and started digging into his mac and cheese. Soon enough, the family of four where chatting and exchanging stories with each other. Later, the family when to Natasha and Bucky's baby shower. "Hey, babe...can we stop at Scar's grave?" Tony asked and Steve smiled fondly "Sure". The boys at the back then leaned forward "Who is Scar?" Peter asked "It's auntie Tasha for you and she...she was my best friend, since
“It is not about worthiness.” Erskine broke in, surprising everyone with his sudden presence. “Steve, walk with me.”
“Right.” Steve said in a high voice. He was not a prude, he’d been to public baths before. But laying naked in a field with his friends and the god of Thunder made his cheeks burn more than just a little red.
That got her to immediately turn around in alarm. Her motherly instinct to make sure everything was alright overriding her sense that the call couldn’t be for her. Upon seeing Tony her eyes widened and she let out a surprised gasp.
And as the years went by Tony’s list of responsibilities grew and so his free time shrank. He began to really look forward to Thor’s announcements for his visits because then he had at least some time off.
“Steve, you need to live your life.” Peggy said gently and framed the blonde's face. “I want you to go on adventures, make stories, and fall in love.” Steve closed his eyes and looked as if he was going to say something but Peggy continued on. “I mean it. I’m ordering you to move forward.”
“I did not lie to him!” Thor roared then squeezed the blue god tighter. “And I can’t believe you kept a child in the Underworld!”
Tony ignored him and focused on Steve. “I am fine.” He stressed. “You guys are the ones that are in danger here. So one more time. What are you doing here?”
Eventually the Avengers had to leave New Thebes City to go deal with a hero situation and Tony was glad for the break. The last date he had with Steve, and their tag along Clint. Tony had cut short. He just couldn’t take anymore of the showboating.
Steve shook his head again and groaned. “I refuse to believe that. And you better not let Thor hear you say that or anything like that!” He warned sternly but Tony just rolled his eyes.
“Fenrir?!” Loki exclaimed when the wolf shot past him. “Fenrir come here!” But the wolf was already gone. Loki let out an aggravated growl. “Tony!”
Thor had then flown the two to where the others were. After dropping them off, the god then took off to the harbor to wait for them. It had taken some finagling and a lot of Tony distracting the snake, but eventually Steve had managed to tell everyone the plan.
“Yeah.” Steve chuckled “Yeah but even after that. On the island I came to terms with some things. And I remembered her telling me not to carry anything but her ring. To not carry her death.” He let out another chuckle that held no trace of humor “And I decided to ignore it. I felt like I failed her, and so ignored her.” He glanced at Howard and Sam and shook his head. “I ignored her dying wish because I was too selfish.”
“Only if you’re feeling up to it.” Steve sat up and moved to help Bucky but the man shooed his friend away.
Taking a deep breath Howard looked at Loki with a steely and determined look in his eyes. “How long do I have to bring one of them?”
Steve rolled his eyes then crouched and plucked a flower from the ground. Tony gave him a quizzical look but Steve just handed it off to him.
“The restless shade I presume?” Loki asked examining the human soul that was currently yelling at another underworld minion. The minion that was leading Loki nodded and then went back to their post in directing the weary and accepting souls.
once a month. And even then he’d complain it wasn’t enough. But now, nothing! So he must be sleeping with someone and if it's not you then…” Loki glared harder and Amora let out a chuckle. “He went for mortals before. Remember that one accursed female?” Her tone had hardened in anger at the memory.
“You’re clever but not that clever.” Tony said not even giving Minos words a thought. “You insulted Frigga! Queen of the gods! How do you think her children, you know Thor? Will react when you meet him?” King Minos’s face paled and Tony smirked. “And now your threatening his friends?!” Tony tutted. “Not a great move.”
his mind supplied. Through all the suave and style, Steve was certain that was the shy seven year old brunette he saw on the first day of elementary school.
Ahana slowly succumbs to sleep as she feels Bucky's lips on her head and a whispered "I love you" to her ear and she closes her eyes, sleeping fitfully after a very long time.
That night, Tony and Bucky were at the balcony at the top floor which faced the garden which was build behind the compound. Both their feet dangling in the air, swaying them back and forth. No words were passed between them but the presence of each other comforted the other. Tony took a deep breath and turned to Bucky "You..you're good to her" Bucky huffed a bitter laughter "If you mean good, by leaving her to the monsters.." he shrugged. Tony reached out and placed his hand on top of Bucky's and squeezed it "That makes us two. We both hurt her unintentionally, and.." he shrugged his shoulder. Bucky turned towards Tony and gave him a small smile. Tony returned the smile and turned back to look at the garden. Suddenly, Bucky snorted and Tony turned to him with an amused smile and a raised eyebrow "What?" Bucky turned to him "Thinking that it was trouble enough taking care of Stevie when he was a shrimp, now I have to see him as my brother-in-law" Bucky shuddered at the words and Tony bursted out laughing until he had tears in his eyes. Infected by the laughter, Bucky joined him only to stop at a throat clearing "So, this what happens when my husband and my best friend get together? They make fun of me" Steve said with a mock pout. Tony rolled his eyes fondly but beckoned him towards them. Steve joined them by sitting in between Tony and Bucky. The trio was silent but it was comforting. Tony soon enough laid his head on top of Steve's shoulder and was fast asleep. Steve fondly smiled at him and then turned to Bucky "I'm gonna bring this tiny to bed, you're not gonna crash?" Bucky shook his head but looked at him fondly "Nah...I'm just gonna hang out here and then go to bed, its..its comforting ya know..Tasha is not physically here but knowing that she's here just a floor down, its..comforting" Steve nodded in understanding. Steve carried Tony looked at Bucky "Night, brother-in-law" Steve teased and Bucky rolled his eyes but laughed nonetheless "Night, punk" and looked back at the garden. Bucky looked up at the stars and wished upon it.
As careful as they can be, Ahana let's Bucky carry the wolf through the back door using the maintenance lift and she picks both of them up, the wolf securely at the back of the car. "How was it?" Ahana suddenly asks and Bucky raises an eyebrow at her "The mass, for him" she clarifies and Bucky sighs and takes her hand in his "Yeah, it was nice, everyone was there and most of his employees and his fans except..." "except me. I know, I know how it looks but...but I can't look at the grave or his picture without thinking that I was also a part of it, I can't go and celebrate when I feel like a murderer" she says, her voice cracking and tears stream on her cheeks. Ahana stops the car at the side and cries, her grip on the steering wheel tight. Bucky hugs her and kisses the side of her head, reassuring her, the couple mourning the lost of a family and a friend. The wolf's whines makes Ahana wipe her tears and look back through the rear mirror "I'm fine baby boy, just...I'm fine" she says before starting the engine and drives off to the Avengers compound.
"Tony, ever since we clashed at the Helicarrier, a good seven years before, I never knew what I was signing up for..."
6.Eto to, chto vy mne obeshchali, kogda sbezhali iz uchrezhdeniya i ostavili menya tam. s monstrami, i vy narushili svoye obeshchaniye. - That was what you promised me when you ran away from the facility and left me there. with monsters and you broke your promise.
Tony was peacefully dozing in between the three humans, when a loud alarm starts blaring and he startles awake, the soft arms around him keeping him from bolting. His human is softly whispering and soothing him as the both blond and brunette human start padding outside of the room. "Call me when you leave?" his human whispers to the brunette and the brunette hums before they both kiss and the brunette runs out. His human sighs "Guess it's just me and you, baby boy" she says and hops on the bed, patting her lap for him. Tony immediately leaps on the bed and curls up on top of her, the food and stress taking a huge toll on him.
By the time the recess bell rang, Tony's class had a Bucky, Natasha, Clint, Sam, Peggy, Thor, Jane, Darcy, Loki, Pietro and Wanda. He also got to know his other subject teachers, Mr. Phil Coulson, his language art teacher, Ms. Giovanni, his arts teacher, Mr.Erik, his technology teacher, Mr. Mark, his reading and writing teacher and of course Principal Fury. Tony and Scarlett rushed out of their class as soon as the bell rang and took the front most seat at the cafeteria. They were both munching the lunches their parents packed when a small voice interrupted them "Uhm, excuse me, is this table taken?" and Tony looked up and met Steve's eyes "Yeah, sure and he slid closer to Scarlett and allowed Steve to sit beside him. Then, pretty soon their table was full of their classmates- excluding Loki and the twins -chatting with each other. "So, how you guys met each other?" Darcy asked them once she swallowed her food. "We are neighbors, went to the same nursery and preschool." Tony answered "Exactly like me and Buck!" Steve answered "We were friends since we were in diapers!" Steve laughed as Bucky grumbled into himself. Tony got to know that Natasha and Clint are also childhood friends since they were at the same foster home since birth and Jane admitted that she knows no one from the class and is fairly new, same as Darcy and Bruce. Thor and Loki are step brothers and Pietro and Wanda are twins and the four met at a function during last year's Christmas.
she mouths at him and chuckles at his spluttering, continues walking back to her table and clearing it when she hears a throat clearing at the back of her. Zipping her back, she turns to see the same barista, looking at her with a sheepish smile "I'm so sorry, Mrs Stark-" "It's Mrs. Barnes, actually" Ahana corrects and the barista chuckles awkwardly "I'm so sorry, Mrs. Barnes, I really didn't know that you are married I'm so sorr-" "Kid, it's okay. It happens quite alot, so no harm done" Ahana soothes him before grabbing her working bag and her handbag "I'm already late, but it's nice to meet you..." "Zane" "Zane. It's nice to meet you, bye!" Ahana greets before hurrying her way to her car.
Steve was starting to wallow in his own misery before he was interrupted by a tapping on his desk and he looked up to Bucky with a raised eyebrow, Steve shook his head "What?" Steve asked nonchalantly "Scar and Tony invited us to go for the new movie at the nearby theatre" Bucky said hefting his bag higher on his back "What movie?" Steve asked "How to train your dragon, Scar insisted she wanted to go, ya comin' ?" Bucky asked again and Steve's anxiety spiked up again "Nah, ma asked me to be home early, said she wanted to talk about something, but you guys enjoy" Steve said and hurried away quickly, leaving behind a very confused Bucky.
" Tasha hisses in his comms but Bucky doesn't rely, to stunned to see his ex-partner infront of him.
Steve's inner thought was cut off by a strange beeping sound. He wiped his eyes and reached for the sound. Brushing past a few debris, Steve found an earpiece, with a blinking red light. Steve immediately hooked the earpiece and switched it on with a single tap. Steve breath relieve and slumped against a wall as Tony's smooth voice washed in "
Junior prom came and Steve went with Peggy and Bucky went with Scar. Steve smiled softly as he saw Bucky and Scar slow dancing to a song while also whispering to each other, clearly happy in each others arms. Steve's eyes continued to roam around the ballroom to find where Tony was but in vain, he was nowhere to be found. Once the dance finished, Steve pecked Peggy on her lips before excusing himself to go talk to Bucky. He found his best friend at a nearby lake, idly throwing stones across the lake. "Hey" Steve started and Bucky turned and looked at him with a tired smile "Hey, punk. Why aren't you inside?" Steve shrugged and sat beside him "Wanted to talk to you" he replied and Bucky huffed. Silence blanketed them before Steve broke it "How are you guys?" Bucky huffed again, but now a bitter tone to it "You really wanna know?" Steve nodded "Not good actually, it's like someone cursed us after you left us and bad luck just follows us" Steve winced but looked at him in a funny expression "What do you mean?" Bucky looked at him "After you left, both Scar's and Tony's parent died, then Tony moved out to California to attend a boarding school, and...Scar..she's diagnosed with fourth stage lung cancer.." Bucky trailed off as Steve gasped "Scar..has cancer? H..how long?" "A year maximum" Steve shuddered and turned to look at the lake "Tony is at a boarding school? When did he move?" "After the parents' death and Scar's diagnosis" "You and Scar..." "Were together for 6 months before this thing happened". Silence found it's way again around them and both of them looked at the lake. Finally, Bucky sighed and got up, turning back to look at Steve "At least, you're enjoying your life" huffed a bitter laughter and went inside the building. Steve looked at the path Bucky went and closed his eyes, tears forming at the tips of his eyelids, thinking
. See, she was 3 minutes older to me and always used that card on me when she wanted me to do something usually to put me to bed." Tony said with a light smile. "That sounds like your twin alright" Rhodey teased. Tony mock glared at him but continued "It was annoying, sometimes, but it was a barrier when it came to Howard. She saved me, multiple times. Even though we were twins, physically we were quite different. While I had brown eyes and brown curly hair with light olive skin, she had piercing blue eyes and jet black straight hair and tanned olive skin. She was 2 to 3 inches taller than me and was an exact opposite of kid me. While I was this shy, withdrawn and quiet kid she was the brave, outgoing and fierce type. But Howard didn't like that that she took the trait and not me. She gave zero bullshit to anyone who dared to hurt me, even Howard. She understood English but only spoke in Italian, she said it was easier to flip off Howard like that, since he doesn't understand the language" Tony said with a quiet giggle. His family laughed together with him "Other than that, our interest were the same, Engineering, mechanics and all those shenanigans. She was the first person I came out to when I was twelve. I was so scared that she will find me disgusting that I cried when I told her that I was bisexual, afraid she would hate me. But she immediately gathered me up in her arms and rocked us back and forth shushing me, she said that she was proud of me and she will always support me no matter what and she said and let me quote 'You could be gay, lesbian, bisexual, pansexual, asexual or transgender, heck, you could even be an alien for all I know and I'll love you the exact same, maybe even more' and ruffled my hair and kissed my forehead." Tony said. "Aww, she's sweet." Sam said from behind Bucky. "She was, the sweetest I know..." Tony said.
"We raised them good, didn't we.." Tony said as he watched the boys hug before going in different direction, as he rested his cheeks against Steve's shoulders and sighed. Another pair of arms enveloped both of them and Tony and Steve turned around to look at Scar giving them a kiss to each of their foreheads before dragging them away for their lunch.
"Learning that my brother can shape-shift into a wolf is the coolest thing I've ever seen! And I'm not gonna ruin that for him, the cure is for his speech, and how to make him more human when he's an actual human, something like a therapy maybe" Ahana says with a shrug and Natasha hums, when the door opens and Bucky enters. Natasha gets up and kisses Ahana's cheeck "Kayh
Ahana sits on her bed and let's her tears flow freely, her chest heaving with each inhale and exhale and her wolf nuzzling her arms, whining softly. The bedroom door opens and closes and Bucky pads towards her, sitting beside her silently. "Shouldn't you be with him?" she asks and Bucky just hums "I'm serious, I just used you for my fight and insulted you at the same time, you should hate me" "I don't hate you, never will, never am, never could" "I just-" "I would have said the same thing if I was in your place and you were in mine. And Steve's an idiot, he confesses his undying love and then screams at you, so dumb" Bucky says and Ahana chuckles before the door opening and closing one more time, this time her wolf snarling. "Baby boy, shh, it's okay, I'm fine" she soothes, running her fingers through his fur, the wolf relaxes only slightly. Steve pads slowly to Ahana's other side and gently takes her hand "So...I was an idiot" he says and Ahana doubles over laughing " Yeah, yeah you are but we're both dumb when it comes to that self-sacrafying idiot" he teases and the three of them laugh, her wolf safely nestled in between her feet.
Bucky's heart is pounding against his rib cage as he sprints and skids through the compound hallways, JARVIS's warnings running through his head. When he gets to the vault, he sees atleast four HYDRA goons standing, guarding the door, their weapons held high to aim at the hostages inside. Bucky slowly shadows himself against the walls and skirts through to the vault entrance, the rest of the Avengers signalling him in his comms. A muffled thud and a knife slash is heard and Bucky sees Clint from the vents and Tasha from the other side of the floor, Steve commanding the rest to keep guard outside. Bucky silently reloads his M4A1 rifle and attaches his silencer and waits in the shadow, easily taking down the two nearest goons when he hears a gun cocking right behind him and the muzzle pushing against his temple. Bucky closes his eyes and silently curses "Well, well, well, if it isn't the great Winter Soldier." the thick Russian accent mocks him and the guy pushes Bucky to the room, the gun still at aimed at his head.
Bucky was awake propped up against the headboard of the bed, his Starkpad on his lap, scrolling through it intently. It was still very early morning and the whole compound was peaceful and quiet and Bucky was savoring every ounce of it. The only sounds that filled the rooms was the soft whirring of his tablet and the quiet little mewling noises from Tasha. Bucky was scrolling through the maps to find the nearest jewellery shop, searching for a ring. It was when Tasha and Tony came back from their conference three days ago, when it hit him. This is what he wants. He wants Tasha, for the rest of his life. He wants to share his problems, his insecurities and his vulnerable side to Tasha for the rest of his life. That thought would have scared the life out of him but..it didn't. The thought kinda warmed him, thinking about it Bucky leaned down and planted a kiss on Tasha's forehead, making her stir a little more. Flicking through a few websites, Bucky still haven't found the perfect ring for Tasha, so he decided to ask Tony to help him instead. He shot off a message to Tony before closing all his tab, clearing his history and placing his tablet back on the nightstand beside him. He slid down under the comforter and stared at Tasha. Her soft exhales fanning his face and the rise and fall of her chest soothingly lulling him. He gently raised his index finger from his flesh hand and started tracing Tasha's face. From the crown of her head, the raise of her nose and the dip in between those plump lips. The fingers continued tracing down her smooth neck, the hollow of her collarbone, The trail in between her breasts, the v of her hips, curving slightly at her hipbone, down the sides of her thighs reaching her knees before making back to the top. Tracing up, Bucky let his finger run on the inside of her thighs, slowly stroking the soft skin there in gentle up and down movement. Tasha mewled and huffed and puffed and rolled over on her back, giving more access to Bucky's wandering finger. He slowly uncurled the rest of his fingers and slid his palm in between her closed thighs, pushing them apart slowly, inch by inch. Tasha's breath hitched but made no move to wake up. He then rubbed his palm up and down her inner thighs before his index finger traced again. Bucky then covered himself under the covers and bent Tasha's legs and parted them a little wider, her core proudly showing off to him. His index reaching to the warm and soft skin near her vulva, tracing soft patterns on the skin. The trail continued to the inner labia, tracing it up and down, feeling the smooth velvety texture of the skin, then crooked his finger and caressed the inner side of the labia. He then curled the rest of his fingers except for his middle finger and slowly pushed it into the warm canal. Heat. Velvety heat blanketed his finger and Bucky closed his eyes and leaned in to kiss at the junction where the rest of his middle finger was connected to her core. Bucky knew the exact moment Tasha was already awake when her core poured copious amount of slick, almost entirely covering his palm, then, long and slender fingers carded through his hair and a soft moan was heard from above. Using his other hand, he flung the cover and it fell with a soft thud on the floor. Bucky raised from his position in between Tasha's legs and saw that Tasha's eyes were screwed shut, mouth agape releasing the most sinful noises, back perfectly arched and her heels digging into the flesh of Bucky's ass, giving up on his temptations he leaned up and kissed her, one soft, comforting kiss turning into a passionate war of tongues and teeth, leaving both of them breathless. "Open your eyes, doll.." Bucky whispered into her ears and looked down at the most striking blue eyes he has ever seen, Tasha giving him a soft smile that got cut of by a lengthy moan, made him even more harder.
Reaching the compound, the guard, Stan, opens the gate and gives them a salute before she drives off and parks at her place. Ahana gets off the car and Bucky carries the wolf to their shared room and gently drops the wolf into the bathtub. The wolf shakes his fur and looks at her and Ahana chuckles at him "I know, this is mine and Bucky's room and you're now in the compound, a place where my friends are and it's home" she says as she turns the hand shower on and tests the temperature, a nice hot water. "FRI?" "Yes, Miss Stark? How may I help you?" FRIDAY speaks and the wolf growls and Ahana puts her hand on her head and strokes him "Shh, it's okay. It's just the A.I on the ceiling, don't worry" she soothes and the wolf calms and lays his head on the lip of the tub. "FRI, can you order those organic dog shampoo?" "Any specifics?" "Uhh, something that can disinfect  and also keep his fur soft?" "Noted, the shampoo will be delivered to your room, Miss" "Thanks, babygirl" and Ahana slowly let's the hot water cascade through the wolf's fur, the blood on his fur rinsing off, the fur pearly white.
After the incident, Steve continued to ignore Tony's calls and Scar's invitations. Bucky kept asking him what was the problem but he shook his head and said it was a 'family issue'. He started hanging out with other people in his class, he started talking to Peggy, Sam, Nat and Clint. After a few cajoling, the trio didn't approach him anymore, getting the message clear as crystal. Sometimes, Steve would see those three all but laughing as they walked towards the cafeteria and wished he could be there with them but he always remembered that it was him that created the distance between them. Summer school came and went, and Steve's growth spurt finally hitting him. Growing to a full 6'2 and building up muscles, coming back to school was fun. People started to notice him, wanted to be his friends, all but Tony and Scar. He often see the duo together at the library, deep in their studies and often moved to speak to them but chicken out at the end. Steve missed Tony, missed him like a limb but there wasn't anything he could do since it was all his fault. 'Steggy' was the ship name the whole school used when Peggy and Steve got together. They were like almost the power couple of the school, Peggy being the head of the cheerleader and Steve being the captain of the football team in their school. Whenever Steve would wait for Peggy at their locker, he would sometimes get a glimpse of Tony searching through his locker, snapping his fingers when he found the object he was looking for, shut the door and lock eyes with Steve and immediately walk off without a smile. Steve sighed and hung his head, keeping his sobs to himself. Yes, he loved Peggy, but seeing the way Tony scrambling away from him really stabs a knife into his heart since the genius still has a little place in his heart.
Ya sdelayu eto prostym, yesli ty sdelayesh' eto prostym. - I will make it simple if you make it simple.
" Tony's eyes widened and Steve's eyes narrowed at Bucky "But wait. Something doesn't add up here. Buck, you said that both of you became good friends at the facility and then it was because of us getting you out of there that turned her into this. Was that the truth?" Bucky looked down and shook his head "No. It was a lie." "Why?" "Because I wanted to be selfish! Because I wanted to satisfy myself! Because I wanted to make myself feel good about what I did to her! Yes! We knew each other at the facility! But...we were more than...more than just good friends...we..." "Then why lie?" "If Nat knows this, don't you think she would have found out about Yelena by then? She would. And the jealousy would have fueled her enough to go and hunt Yelena down. So, I lied. We were dating when the shift happened, when I was called back to the lab to get my mind washed she said those words. Those....those words were true...and then the whole Zemo and Zola fiasco and we never saw each other, my mind was wiped and she was on the opposite side, that was the only thing in my mind. So, I was assigned to take her out. And you guys came in when I finally caught her. She pleaded and begged for me to remember her. To remember her when I was pointing a fucking revolver on her forehead and the whole S.H.E.I.L.D was there."
?” JARVIS asked. “Cause she wasn’t in my sister mindset. She was brainwashed by Hydra. And Steve and the other Avengers fought her today and she ran away. Just like that. I need to find her, J” Tony muttered while fiddling with the handbag’s tassle. JARVIS was momentarily silent then “
" "Okay, then...J, scan for nearest motel, rental car service and electronic store. Any later I'm like this, the higher possibility for me to turn into a capsicle. We already have one, don't bother with another." "
Steve stood at the archway of the door that led him into their shared bedroom, eyes red rimmed for the very last time as he looked at the scene in front of him. All their friends were gathered around Tony's thin body surrounded by tubes and wires, giving their final speech. They hushed against each other and slowly one by one exited their room, patting Steve on his shoulder on their way out. Once the last of them went out, Steve entered and sat beside his husband, immediately pulling him to his side. Tony sighed in relieve and rested his cheeks against his shoulder "Don't be sad once I'm gone, don't be angry once I'm gone, look after Peter and Harley for me once I'm gone..." Tony kept talking to him, promising him to do everything that they did, without him and Steve just nodded with tears streaming down his cheeks when Harley and Peter entered the room, their eyes red rimmed too. "Hey, boys...c'mere..." Tony beckoned them with a weak voice and the boys sat near his body "Take care of your Pops for me, will ya?" the boys smiled through their tears and nodded. After a few minutes, Tony started yawning and Steve knew that this is the last of him, he tightened his grip around Tony and Tony snuggled closer.
After a nice bubble bath, Tony put on his silk bathrobe and laid down in his bed. “J, patch me up with Steve.” “
" Tasha kept muttering to herself. Bucky took the chance to slowly move in between Tony and Tasha and gently pushed Tony towards Steve. Steve immediately catched Tony despite Tony struggling in his arms "That's Tasha!It's my Tasha!" Tony kept screaming and that broke Tasha. She looked back up from her daze and staggered back "
The rest of the day goes by with Ahana finishing her tasks with the wolf on her lap and it's the end of the day. Ahana is contemplating on how to transport the wolf when her phone rings and it's her husband. "Hey, babe you done?" Bucky answers and Ahana smiles "Hey, yeah I'm done, but, babe I need your help" "You okay?" "I'm fine, I just need your help, can't say it on the phone, can you drop by o your way here?" "Uhh, I still have a few mission reports but, yeah, sure I'll be there in five?" "Yeah, sounds great, thanks" "I love you" "Love you more" she says and hangs up. Ahana is scrolling through her Instagram when the wolf starts whining and tossing in it's sleep. She immediately puts her phone down and gently places her hand on top of the wolf's head, stroking it's fur "Hey, baby boy, it's okay, your fine, your safe, it's okay" she whispers and after sometime the wolf slowly goes back to sleep. Another five minutes and the door to her office opens and her husband pokes his head into the room. "Hey, babe" he greets before coming near her and freezes at the wolf in her lap "What is that?!" he whisper-shouts, pointing at the wolf "A wolf" Ahana deadpans and Bucky rolls his eyes. "I know, but what's it doing here?" he asks and she beckons him to her side, slowly. Bucky tip toes and gingerly sits beside "I don't know where he came from, cause I found it this morning under my desk, like this." she points at the blood "caked in blood and whining. He's leg was bent so I called Bruce and he came took a look at it and cast it" she says pointing at the cast "and he said that it'll take atleast a week or two for it to heal, and I can't keep it here, so I thought about bringing it to the compound?" she finishes that sentence with a question and looks at her husband. Bucky looks at the wolf and then looks at her "Who's gonna take care of it?" "I'll do it. I found him and he isn't close to anyone else, plus if the pap knows, the next we want is pet control and this big guy in a cage" "Your work?" "I'll just work from home, babe, don't worry, I'll do it, plus" she adds mischievously "I think it'll be a great practice when we have our own kids, hm?" she says and Bucky chuckles and pecks her on the lips "Other's will get a dog, but only you, babe, will get a wolf" he says teasingly and Ahana chuckles "I'm a Stark, what do you expect?", they both laugh.
Yelena abruptly opened her eyes and pounced at the nearest person, pinning them under her, the victim's body falling with a heavy thud and a loud grunt. "Kto ty?! Otvet'te mne!" she barked at the person. Tony lifted his hands in a surrendering motion, signalling the team behind him to not move  muscle. he took a deep breath and stared right back into Yelena's eyes "Tasha, it's me Tony.." he tried but Yelena pressed him further into the ground leaning even more forward against its body. "Ya ne znayu etu Tasha, ya Yelena" "No, you're not Yelena, you are Tasha, Natasha Stark." Yelena violently shook her head "Net net! Ya ne! Kak ty ponimayesh' russkiy yazyk ?!" Yelena's eyes moving back and forth, her heartbeat beating fast, breathing becoming shallower "Your Natasha Stark." Tony said ignoring Yelena's question. Yelena's grip on him quivered and Tony took his chance and rolled them until he was on top of Yelena "You are Natasha Stark!" Tony barked over and over and over again but Yelena shook her head, convulsing below Tony. Yelena kept her eyes closed and refused to open them muttering the same words over and over again muffled with Tony's voice from above. Yelena's eyes blurred again and the small boy she saw years back appeared again, the same brown haired boy. Her eyes widened, memories coming back pieces by pieces but still not enough to put a perfect picture but the boy stood still among the walls covering in bits and pieces, beside the boy was the man, the long haired, metal armed man, staring at her, she opened and closed her mouth, but no words came into her mouth.
” JARVIS asked with an amused voice. Tony looked up with a soft smile “Just like the olden days. And, yes, this is kinda secret, I..I’m finding for my sister, J. I saw her at the graveyard today.” Tony said. “
Tony internally screamed at himself.He closed his eyes and took a deep breath commanding his heart to beat normally and opened it back. " Fri, what's the time ?" Tony asked with a quivering voice. "Time is 8.52 in the morning with a slightly cloudy weather, boss" FRIDAY smoothly chimed from the ceiling.
Steve's eyes slowly blinked open, adjusting to the morning sunshine. He took a deep breath and enjoyed the peace and quiet of the compound. It was still a little to early for the rest of the team to be awake and he enjoyed the scenery from his bedroom. A soft smile bloomed on his face, memories of his dreams flooding in his mind and his grip on his husband tightened. Tony shifted in his arms, grumbling but fell back to deep sleep. That was 10 years ago, since then their marriage faced so much turmoil, that Steve was suprised that they came so far. If all the fights, screaming, and the almost filled divorce lead up to this? Then Steve would gladly go through it again. Steve's eyes widened at an idea. It was almost more than a decade since he and Tony got married and they were always planning to renew their vows and now, now Steve wanted to do it properly, proposal and all. So Steve, made himself comfortable on the bed and started planning for the big thing.
Bucky peppered kisses all over her face while one digit turned into two and then three of his fingers were pumping in and out of her core, slick dripping onto the sheets below. "My baby girls’ needy, isn’t she?.." Bucky all but purred into her ears and Tasha nodded furiously, strangled chokes and moans tumbling out of her lips "I want to fill you up so bad. Fill you up with my come, load you up with my babies-" Tasha mewled loudly and gripped Bucky's hair tightly "Ohh..you like that idea, don't you baby girl? You, pregnant with my babies...god, baby girl, you'd be the most gorgeous pregnant woman anyone will ever see, pregnant with my babies" Bucky growled. "P-please. Bucky-fuck!" Tasha pleaded, tears staining her cheeks :"N-need y-your c-cock!" Tasha pleaded again. Bucky loved how responsive she was with every twist of his fingers in her "I know...shh, shh" Bucky soothed while he brought his metal arm to wipe her tears away "I can hear how wet you are baby girl." Tasha's pant and Bucky's grunt was the only sound that filled the room and the smell of sex permeated through the walls of the room "Shit, doll. You’re so tight. Relax..relax" Bucky rubbed his metal arm up and down her stomach while his other fingers were four digit deep into her, his erection painfully curved against his stomach. After a few minutes, Bucky pulled out his fingers, Tasha whimpering at the lost of his fingers but moaned when the tip of his cock brushed against her core, slowly, Bucky pushed in, the familiar warmth enveloping his cock and Bucky had to try so hard not to cum right that spot. Once he fully bottomed out, he waited until Tasha's fingers tapped a Morse code against his thighs, signalling him to go, he pulled out completely until only his tip was attached and slammed into the heat again. Tasha screamed and arched her back, almost floating off of the bed "Taking me so good, doll. Fuck just listen to you. So wet. Just for me." Tasha moaned and mewled at every hit on her G-spot "That’s right doll. Let me hear you. Wanna know how good you feel." "Fuck! Bucky! I’m coming!" Bucky was also reaching his climax, the familiar heat building at the bottom of his stomach, so he leaned near her ears and whispered "Come for me, doll..let yourself go.." and Tasha tumbled over the edge, her body convulsing with each spurt of her come, Bucky followed a minute later, his cum filling the insides of the wall. He ran both his hands up and down her sides and soothed her through her orgasm. Finally Bucky pulled out, wincing at the discomfort and landed at her side. Tasha then turned to her side, grimacing at the cum dripping down her core. She caressed her hands and kissed him soft and slow, pulling back with a soft smile "Morning, dear" "Morning, baby girl."
" he pleaded and Steve looked at Tony and back at him and nodded. Tony slowly wound his hands around the back of him successfully locking him and her in place. "
"Came here to see your wife? We killed her" the voice mocks and Bucky clenches his right hand, his left tightening around his rifle. "I should have known you would have gone soft. Getting married having a wife, huh!" the voice taunts him and Bucky keeps his mouth shut, confirming that the Avengers are close through his comms. "What do you want?" he asks finally and the voice barks out a bitter laughter "Your wife, if possible, but most importantly the dog with her" the voice sneers "Why?" "That dumb dog escaped our facility!" "Experimenting on animals now? That's low even for you" "Do not taunt me! I'll kill your wife!" "Does it really matter when you said that you already killed my wife?' Bucky asks even as his heart crumbles inside him. The voice laughs and turns Bucky to face him and Bucky gapes "Yelena?" "Why? Thought I was someone else?" she sneers and points her gun right at his forehead. "
The first thing Tony wakes up to is fingers running through his fur and he stiffens immediately. The hand stops but a whisper follows it, soothing and calm, the fingers scratching behind his ears.
Tony thought and continued his path to the kitchen. Entering the kitchen, the scene in front of him warmed his heart even more. Steve and the original six avengers are at the dining table eating breakfast and talking to each other, Pepper is at the coffee machine waiting for her coffee while busily typing on her phone - definitely to her girlfriend, May - with a soft smile, Peter and Harley are at the living room playing the new Avengers Monopoly game, Bucky and Sam are fighting over a video game, Rhodey and Danvers are at the window near the kitchen which faces the ocean talking to each other with a cup of coffee in each of their hands and finally Dodger and Figaro, a Golden Retriever and a Tuxedo cat curled up together near the fireplace.It was sickeningly domestic but Tony wouldn't change it for the world. This is his family. With a soft smile, Tony padded towards the dining table just in time for Steve to lift his face from the conversation and catch Tony's eyes. "Morning, beloved" Tony cooed as he dragged the chair beside Steve, slumped on it and rested his head on Steve's shoulder. Steve turned his head and kissed Tony's head "Morning, sweetheart" he said while gently pushing a cup of coffee to Tony. Tony hummed and used his right hand to drink his coffee and the other hand to lace his fingers with Steve's, their wedding bands clinking. "Did you sleep well?" Steve asked as he continued to skim through his emails in his Starkpad. "I...slept okay...I guess" Tony admitted and Steve gently pushed Tony until they were at eye level "What's that supposed to mean? Another nightmare, honey?" Steve asked and Tony nodded after a few minutes. "Is it about...Afghanistan?" Natasha gently asked from where she was sitting at Steve's right. Tony shook his head "Then tell us Tones, maybe we can help you, you were there for all of us, now let us be there for you..." Pepper came from the coffee machine and sat beside Tony with an arm around Tony. Tony tried his hardest to fight back his tears but it still managed to flow out his eyes. Steve swiped his thumb wiping of the tear and kissed his cheeks in an effort to gently coax Tony to talk. Tony looked around and took a deep breath and told them.
Steve suddenly realized as he was watching Tony present something in front of the class. His olive skin was bathed in the early morning sun ray blinding through the class window. His eyes, those warm chocolate eyes lighting up with wonder and excitement as he gestured wildly to the class, his posture tall but not intimidating and his hair a fluffy mob of brown curls, reaching all the way to the nape of his neck. He was wearing a red band t-shirt, a black leather jacket draped on top of it and a black skin tight jeans which hugged his legs and his ass perfectly. He was trying to grow a goatee as he could see traces of course hair on around his mouth.
" "Then leave the planning to me. Or atleast...inform me" Tony grumbled under his breath. Tony shivered when a gust of cold air hits his face "What's the temperature here? Isn't it to early to be chilly?" "
" but before Tasha fired the gun, Steve rand and cloacked her jaw and Tasha flew an landed several meters away. "NO!" Tony screamed but the Avengers were already assembling and fighting against Tasha. They tossed her and took turns fighting her but she gave them equally. Tony screamed and screamed until he collapsed on the ground breathing heavily. Sound of a trigger being pulled was heard behind Tony's head. "
Opening the door, the whole class was in chaos. There were paper balls flying everywhere, a few children screaming their lungs out for their parents and some were running around the class chasing each other. Tony immediately hid behind Scar's back and her hold on his wrist tightened as she moved forward towards the only empty seats, sandwiched between another small brunette boy with glasses reading a book and a strawberry blond girl. The girl looked up and saw them and gave them a welcoming smile, gesturing them to take the seats with her eyes. Scar smiled back and went forward to the seats. Tony took the seat beside the small brunette boy and Scar sat beside the strawberry blond girl, who immediately turned towards them "Hi! I'm Pepper Potts! What's your name?" the girl asked enthusiastically "I'm Scarlett Maximoff and that's Tony Stark" Pepper beamed at Tony which beamed at her back. The small brunette then turned towards them, pushing his glasses up and giving them a small smile "Hey, guys..I'm Bruce Banner" Banner greeted softly "Tony Stark" Tony pointed at himself and pointed at Scar "Scarlett Maximoff" and then shook his hand. The quad then continued chatting among themselves when the sound of heels tapping against the tiled floor stopped at the entrance of their class.
Bucky shook his head and huffed a soft laughter. He climbed out of bed, made their bed and was on his way to the bathroom, when he heard Tasha's voice flowing through the small crack of the opened door. Bucky smiled and continued his journey to the bathroom. He relieved himself, flushed the toilet, washed his hands, brushed his teeth, washed his hands again, shaved his morning stubble, washed his face and went to the kitchen. Entering the kitchen, he saw Tasha, bustling around the area, going back and forth between the island counter and the fridge, grabbing what it seems to be ingredients for a bowl of cereal. She was talking a mile a minute, was when Bucky noticed the bluetooth earpiece dangling from her right ear. "-by using sound waves and known genetic techniques, we can, for the first time, noninvasively control specific brain regions and cell types as well as the timing of when neurons are switched on or off" Tasha looked up from the various papers scattered around the island counter next to her cereal and saw Bucky. She smiled and held up her index finger in the universal sign for "gimme a minute" but Bucky waved her off and walked towards her, planting a light kiss on top of her head, pushing the cereal away from her elbow to avoid accidents and went to the coffee machine for his dose of caffeine. "While several emerging methods in neuroscience allow researchers to manipulate brain circuits, most require invasive techniques such as stereotaxic surgery, which can damage tissue and initiate a long-lasting immune response, also, conventional pharmacological approaches lack the spatial, temporal and cell-type specificity required to treat the brain, and can lead to deleterious side effects." Bucky sat opposite Tasha and sat down with a cup of black coffee and a plate of eggs and bacon. Sitting down, Tasha immediately coiled her feet around Bucky's ankle with her thumb occasional brushing the skin there. Bucky in returned reached out to her hand and played with her pinky finger. "To get around these issues, the Caltech team first injected microbubbles into mice’s blood vessels, and then zapped the bubbles with ultrasound waves at specific regions in the brain to create temporary, local openings in the blood-brain barrier. The researchers then took advantage of those openings to sneak in a viral vector carrying a gene coding for an engineered type of protein known as designer receptors exclusively activated by designer drugs (DREADDs)—in this case, a receptor that would respond to the synthetic drug clozapine-N-oxide (CNO)." Tasha walked towards the blue file that laid in the hall and returned back, flipping through the pages until she reached the page that was covered in test graphs and results. Bucky just shook his head and started recalling another fond memory, sipping his coffee.
The wolf sniffs her palms and finally buts his head to her palm, nuzzling into it. Ahana chuckles and then slowly slides her hand across the wolf's blood-matted fur. "What on earth happened to you, baby boy?" she whispers and the wolf, suprisingly, whines to her question and Ahana huffs. "And your a smart one, huh?" she teases and the wolf manages an eyeroll and lays his head on her lap, his breathing laboured. She skims her fingertips lightly on his injured hind leg and winces "Took a bad fall, baby boy?" she asks and the wolf huffs and Ahana hums sympathetically, continues to pet the fur, thinking what she should do next. "We need a doctor-" she says when the wolf snaps his head and growls at her, his sharp teeth baring at her. Ahana backs up and her back hits the chair at the back "Okay, okay, sorry, baby boy. But I'm not a doctor and is we don't treat that" she says pointing to its injured leg "It might infect and harm you" she placates and the wolf lowers his head whines. Ahana chuckles and scoots forwardand gently places the wolf's head on her lap. She soothingly strokes his head "I..I have this friend, well he's more my brother's friend but, yeah, he's a doctor-" the wolf snarls warningly but Ahana shushes him :"relax, he isn't those cynical ones, he's actually quite nice. What do you say, I call him up and let him patch you up and we'll send him back right away, just for the leg, nothing more, nothing less" she offers and after a long time the wolf nuzzles her lap and whines.
Tony’s inner thought cut off when his eyes narrowed down on a black handbag near Tasha’s tombstone. Tony waited in the car until the rest of the Avengers went back home in their cars with Steve following Bucky back home.
"Dad! Pops! Where are you?!" Peter bellowed from the hall of their condominium. "J, where are they?" Peter asked their A.I butler "
During recess, Tony was walking to the library when someone crash landed on top of him. "Ooff! Hey wa- Oh hey Steve! Where are you rushing to?" Tony asked as he got up from the floor, Steve giving him a hand to stand up. "I was actually coming to find you" Steve answered as the boys were busy picking up Tony's fallen book "Oh. Anything important?" Tony asked as his books were all in his hands and he dusted himself before looking at Steve with a raised eyebrow "Actually, I wanted your help in Maths, me and Buck actually, if your free that is" Steve asked shyly and Tony bit his lips thinking through "Actually....Scar and I were just talking about that, we wanted to sleepover to finish our work, if it's okay for you and Buck, come join us! The more the merrier!" Tony said and Steve immediately nodded "Great! I'll talk to Buck and I'll tell ya during end period." Steve said and scrambled away as Tony headed to the library to return the books he borrowed.
5.Tebe ne obyazatel'no eto delat', kotenok. Pozvol'te nam zabrat' vas obratno. My pomozhem vam vyzdorovet' ... -You don't have to do this, kitten. Let us take you back. We will help you recover ...
is the third thing that comes to his mind when his muzzle is assaulted by the very delicious scent of bacon and meat. His tongue rolls out and his human chuckles softly before kissing his head "Got hungry, baby boy?" his human asks and he whines- he can't use words anyways -and wakes up and stretches, licks his human, once, and pads out of the bedroom to the kitchen. There, handling the stove, is a blond human, shirtless and is humming softly as he flips the bacon and puts it on the plate next to him. He whines and the blond human startles and turns to him "Hey there big guy, you hungry?" he asks and Tony whines again, making the blond human laugh. The blond human then puts four pieces of bacon and sets the plate on the floor, near the dining table "Bon Appétit, big guy" he says before he goes back cooking.
"When Zemo took over Hydra, Zola was pushed away. He took his liking in Yelena and appointed her as his right hand. We still went for missions but it was very little. Zola wanted revenge and so this one night, when Yelena and I were lounging around, some Hydra agents dragged me back to the Dark Room, Yelena refused to let me go but I promised her that whatever happens, I'll come back for her. Unfortunately, that's not so...easy. Zola mind washed me again but he implanted my next target as Zemo and his allies. When I came back, I saw Yelena with Zemo and automatically went to assassination mood....and that was the last I remember her" the four of them finished eating their breakfasts, asked the waitress to clean up the table and spread out the information they found. The table was soon a clutter mess on files and mission reports.
Ahana is skimming through her file cabinet when she hears faint whimpering. Ahana stops searching and looks around her office, everything is still in it's place. She shrugs abd continues searching when the whimpering sound is followed by a scratching on the carpeted floor. Ahana gives up her searching and walks around her office, her ears keen on the sound. She goes around every nook and cranny and even as far as searching the corridor of her floor. Nothing, not even a single soul. Ahana walks back when her eyes zero on something under her table and her whole body freezes and she closes the door of her office slowly before tip-toeing her way to her desk. She holds her breath as she slowly lowers her upper body to see under her table and she takes a sharp inhale. It's a wolf. A white wolf. A huge white wolf under her table, panting and whimpering, his paws slowly pawing at her shoes. That's when she sees the wolf's hind leg bent painfully and her expression softens. She always had a soft spot for animals and the wolf looks domestic enough and she slides to her knees and slowly reaches the wolf's fur. The wolf snarls weakly and shrinks even further to the back. "It's okay, baby boy. I'm not gonna hurt you" she says and lifts her hands up and then slowly shows her palms to the wolf's muzzle.
"Tasha,  you’ve taught me the importance of family and helped me make amends with mine. I no longer feel like at any second the roller coaster I’m riding is going to plunge to the bottom or that my world is going to fall apart… you are my world. You are my best friend, the one person I can’t imagine living without, the absolute love of my life, in my heart my soul mate and to everyone else my girlfriend."
In the end, Steve and Bucky agreed and the four of them were gathered in Tony's room, finishing their homework. Scar was sitting crossed leg with her Math book on her right thigh jotting down the answers, Steve was to her right sprawled on his front with a pencil gnawed between his teeth and Bucky on her left also crossed leg and listening intently as Tony was going around the group, explaining the mathematical solutions. "So, the cumulative frequency is when you take the top number and move it to the 'C.F' column. Then, take that number and add the number below it in the 'Frequency' column and then repeat it." Tony explained while going through each of them one by one. "So, how about the conclusion? What do we do?" Steve asked "The cumulative frequency is the number of occurrence of the frequency that we jotted down, that's what we write at the conclusion column" and within two hours, the quad finished all their homework and were now spread out near the LCD in Tony's room "So, what are we watching?" Tony asked crawling towards the basket which had the DVDs in it. "Inception is a good movie" Bucky said while munching the bowl of popcorns on his lap and the others nodded "So, Inception it is!"
Bucky slowly awake to the morning sun shining on top of his eyelids, he blinked a couple of times, yawned and rolled over to see his bed empty, the side cold indicating the occupant has long awaken. If it was four months ago, Bucky would have been worried, shooting out of the bed searching for the person in question but that was in the past. Bucky slowly dragged his eyes to the photo frame on the nightstand on his left side. It was a picture, a picture that consists of him and Tasha, beaming at each other while his family were celebrating in the background. It was taken during one of the regular Thursday movie night and Bucky's lips turned into a soft smile at the memory.
Tony came back to school after 3 weeks and sat down at his place, the ever bubbly Tony replaced by someone quiet and withdrawn. He never talked much but always hung out with Scar and Bucky. The trio rarely have sleepovers and often like staying alone and doing their works alone. Scar and Tony became very withdrawn in class until the teachers allowed them to leave school early, since both of them always looked like they never slept last night. Steve's heart shattered to see two of the most smartest and talkative people in his class so quiet and always like to blend at the background rather than being in center stage. Tony came back and saw a piece of paper weighed down under his bottle, he took it out, saw the sender and turned back and glared at Steve before crumpling the paper and throwing it into the dustbin. Steve broke a soft sob as he saw what Tony did and rested his face on top of the desk, bringing his arms around his face and cried again. It was a note that said 'Don't worry, everything will be alright', now crumpled and waiting in the dustbin to be disposed.
“Right.” Tony scratched the back of his neck with his free hand, his wet shirt balled up in the other. “Well, this is awkward.” He couldn’t quite look the alpha in the eye and found himself staring off to the side of Steve’s shoulder and throat instead. “How about we agree to forget what an embarrassing mess I just made of myself, and never speak of it again?”
Steve surprised Tony by playing along. “I never met a mermaid before. I should’ve guessed when I saw the red hair. You look like Ariel.”
A tiny ember of something that Tony refused to name niggled at him but he suffocated it until it promptly died. His mind rejected her words like he had a built-in firewall. He couldn’t let them mean anything to him – not even for a nanosecond. Not even for
“Good.” Darcy relaxed. “‘Cause I know I’m no match for him, but I’m not above asking my sister’s boyfriend to take out his kneecaps. I don’t care how pretty he is.”
“See?” Tony said when they resurfaced and were standing waist deep and unharmed in the water. “Witness me in the pool. And I’m okay.”
. She needed me.” What if she’d felt the lack of love all those months and had decided not to fight to live? “It was my fault. She must have known. Felt it. Felt that she was unwanted. If I’d been different...accepted her sooner...if I’d—...maybe she’d still...”
Tony sprinkled a light dusting of brown sugar over a bowl of oatmeal and berries and set it down in front of Natasha.
The damn things were so Steve whipped, he’d already stumbled across the room and was opening the door before his sluggish, inebriated brain could caution him against what a stupid move it was.
It was the kind of voice that was easily distinguishable as belonging to an alpha. And even though there was no actual alpha command in it, it still made something prickle along Tony’s spine. He lifted his head and blanched, suddenly feeling like he’d been punched in the gut, or, since they were at the pool and swimming metaphors were more appropriate, like he was plummeting into the deep end and all the air had left his lungs.
Something made him move. Made him slide his hand into Steve’s, entangling their fingers together. Inhaling sharply, Steve tightened his fingers around Tony’s, his blue eyes widening like Tony had just given him something special. Like Tony had just given him the moon.
He blamed the atmosphere for causing him to fall into the trap of PDA and holding Steve’s hand. The two of them had strolled along the water like one of those obnoxiously content mated pairs Tony sometimes saw on the boardwalk.
The football shenanigans ended when Thor—who was genuinely delighted by Steve’s skill with the ball—started balancing stacked plastic cups on his head for the teen to knock off. Jane confiscated the ball before his idea could reach fruition.
He wanted to warn her not to feed that thing after midnight. He was afraid it would morph into its next evolutionary stage like a gremlin and wreak havoc everywhere.
Desire speared through Tony, making his stomach clench low with want. Okay, he needed to stop ogling before he suffered a total system error. A popup with the words ‘file not found’ had already replaced 90 percent of his mental processing.
His begging seemed to obliterate whatever was left of Steve’s restraint. A shudder moved through the teenager and his lips crashed back down onto Tony’s with a growl.
As the kids were hugging and saying their goodbyes, Steve stuffed his hands into his pockets and peered at Tony from under his baseball cap. “Can I call you tonight?” he asked, coming off more boyishly bashful than someone his size should be capable of.
But could it technically count as forgetting when Steve hadn’t informed him of the date in the first place?
Not wanting to be left out, Bucky climbed down from his mint truck and snuggled under his brother’s arm.
“You watch Disney movies?” Tony blurted out. He wouldn’t have guessed that with the teen’s tough alpha jock image. Then again, at his age, he probably still watched Nickelodeon.
“Easy,” Steve said with a wicked gleam in his eyes that turned the warmth in Tony’s body thermonuclear. “You dancing for me.”
His tears lasted until he physically didn’t have the energy to cry anymore. When they finally petered out, it was late into the night, his eyes swollen, red, and as dry as sandpaper.
Tony winced down at the overcooked, unappetizing glob of macaroni he’d all but massacred in the pot. He’d been trying to make lunch for Natasha and himself, but there was no way the two of them were eating that.
But the moan turned into an embarrassing whimper when Steve did the unthinkable and tore his mouth away.
Did this heightened, all-consuming attraction only exist because they were highly compatible? Would they still be like this together if they were two alphas?
Honestly, what else had Tony expected? That Steve had seen something special in him? That he’d fallen for Tony’s incredibly flawed and not-so-sparkling personality? That he’d choose Tony over every other omega in the world to be his mate? Not a chance.
The word seemed to echo in Tony’s head. Hunching his shoulders, he resisted the pathetic impulse to bolt.
“Nanny Tony,” Natasha tugged on his hand eagerly, pulling him onto the pool deck. “Will you swim with me?”
They were whispering and snickering and making no secret of the fact that Tony was their topic of choice. He couldn’t hear most of what they were saying, but he was able to catch the words “his neck” and “loser”.
, Tony’s instincts screamed. He was so wet and primed he was in agony. “Um, yeah, but you can’t...I’m not comfortable doing anything else tonight. That’s as far as I go.”
Her designer handbag clacked against the table as she lowered herself into the chair, the very picture of untouchable poise.
“The movies always make summer look so magical,” Darcy complained, “but in reality, it’s a sweaty, lazy, boring, sticky, overrated mess filled with sunburns and melty ice cream. I want the magic I was promised. I want sun, sand, and starry nights that stretch into eternity. I want peace, love, and pineapples. I demand to feel young and free.”
He mentally swatted it away like he was swatting a fly. He didn’t need Darcy’s overeager imagination getting into his head right now.
He barely paid attention to the rest of the movie. He was too busy staving off the temptation to crawl onto Steve’s lap. To nuzzle his neck; lick the strong collum of his throat. To pick up where they’d left off at the pool.
They were wrong for each other on every level…but maybe that was part of the appeal for Steve. Maybe the alpha was tired of all the squeaky clean, perfect betas and omegas practically handing themselves to him on a platter. Maybe he liked the idea of ‘slumming it’ with an older, disgraced omega.
“No.” Sighing, Rhodey looked at him in his familiar what-am-I-going-to-do-with-you way. “I think you deserve the right to run your own company, you know that. I just wish I’d been given some warning. It’s safer if I’m in on this.”
can draw better than you!”) Though Tony did now have Nat’s new artistic rendering of him to show for it. The redhead had drawn a rather interesting picture of him as a merman. In it, he was holding a trident, had a green aquatic tail, and long flowing brown hair. On the top of it she’d written: ‘
“I’m sure you don’t, buddy,” Tony shrugged nonchalantly. He was currently meeting with a customer in the parking lot of a shopping mall. The sunlight beating down on the asphalt must’ve been getting to him, because he was finding the summer heat way more irritating than he should’ve been. “Look, I don’t need an explanation. We have a don’t ask, don’t tell policy here at Rhodey’s Repair Shop.”
Tony walked until he reached the large tree with the tire swing. He took a long breath before confronting his friend. “Rhodey, man, you know I love you, but I'm gonna need you to dial it down a notch.”
As ready as he was ever going to be. Meaning, not very. But if there was anyone worth putting himself out there for, it was Steve.
If someone had told Tony a month ago that he’d be willingly sitting across from an alpha—and a younger one, at that—wishing for said alpha to put the moves on him, he would’ve bet Dum-E’s memory chip that they were wrong. And laughed. A lot.
“What? No. No hospitals.” Tony hated doctors. Hated being poked and prodded. And it wasn’t like he could afford health care. One checkup would set him back for months. “I told you, I feel fine.”
The fact that he’d get to spend the rest of his life with the intimate knowledge of what Steve looked like when he came both thrilled and tormented him. He’d never see anything hotter. This was it. He’d peaked.
Right, like the authorities would slap handcuffs on an alpha. “I’m not some little ‘mega you can control. Give it back and get out.”
He quickly hopped up and went over to help. “How does this thing keep getting so tangled?” He untwisted it and put it back into place. “We really need to get you a new pair.”
And just like that, Tony hit the limit on his emotional capacity. It was like his brain was failing to compute everything that had happened to him and so it just…didn’t. He shifted into autopilot, reverting to his tried-and-true defense mechanism of using wise-cracks as a weapon.
The teenager’s insatiable appetite for him was a powerful aphrodisiac. He was always up for it. Always in the mood. Tony only had to look at Steve sideways and the alpha’s heavy cock would already be thickening in his athletic shorts, standing at attention.
The voice telling him that he didn’t deserve to feel good still hadn't shut off. It was holding him back even here, keeping him from tumbling over the precipice.
He lifted his gaze to Steve’s. “You’re not a creep,” he confessed quietly, barely able to hear himself over the pounding of his heart. God, was he really going to do this? It would change everything.
He’d forgotten about the blasted sunset. That the beach was one of the most overtly romanticized places in cinematic history. How it practically weaved a dreamy sentimentality upon its visitors.
“You look at him funny. Like you gots a crush on him. And Stacy from school says that omegas and alphas always get mated.”
A chill climbed up his spine. He rubbed his hands up and down his arms, trying to stave off his goosebumps. His shirt was still wet and clinging to him and he was suddenly incredibly cold.
“Keep them closed,” Tony insisted, leading Steve by the hand as he steered the alpha towards his workshop. “No peeking.”
“Why would I be on the side of a snot-nosed punk?” Steve taunted, though his voice was fond and clearly teasing.
Instead, a weird, almost possessive thrill moved through him as he watched Steve walk around his home—
He knew that the Instinctive Drowning Response stopped people from voluntarily controlling their arm movements or for calling for help. That their heads were almost never above the water long enough to exhale, inhale, and still have time to call out.
hiring and firing power? Tony supposed it didn’t matter. When a high-level alpha like Steve Rogers gave you an order, you listened.
“What do we say to the god of burnt mac and cheese?” Tony asked Natasha as he used a spoon to scrape his noodle faux pas into the kitchen garbage.
“Ooooh,” Bucky exclaimed in an exaggerated lilt. He and Nat simultaneously burst into a bunch of accompanying kissy-face noises.
Okay, Tony couldn’t deny that one. He’d had to pile on an obscene amount of scent blocker in order to hide the smell of a very specific teenage alpha. Steve’s damn alpha musk kept overpowering the spray’s effectiveness.
Nat blinked the water out of her eyes, staring at him as if it was too good to be true. Then she catapulted at him and wound her skinny arms around his neck in a borderline strangling hug.
“He picked me up and carried me to our pool,” he said, voice devoid of emotion. He had to stay detached or he’d fall apart. “He knew I couldn’t swim, but he threw me into the water anyway.” Howard had gotten physical with him before, but he’d never once thought his dad was capable of killing him. The betrayal had shattered his six-year-old heart in a way he hadn’t been ready for. “He told me to save myself. That if I really wanted to live, I’d find a way.” Tony had sobbed and pleaded, begging his father to save him. He’d kicked and thrashed and had been lost beneath the water’s surface again and again. Howard had stared back at him, unflinching, his eyes colder than the water could ever be.
As in: seeing each other outside of his swimming lessons? In a darkened theatre, alone? Without the safety net of the kids being there as mini chaperones?
!...Then I figured it out….” Amora grit her teeth in anger. “And so I didn’t mind putting up with your abuse and bullshit. Because I felt bad for you!”
Just as Loki had imagined, once the 5 mortals freed all Amora’s duplicates the crowd of people, who followed the heroes, clapped and showed their appreciation. Though to a lesser degree than Loki had originally imagined but it was no matter.
“Words are fanciful, but mortals often lie.” Loki said a neutral tone, which did nothing to curb the Avengers or Thor’s anger at the blue god. “Would you swear that?” He asked and Steve raised an eyebrow. “Would you swear on your very soul that you will not bind Anthony to you?”
“Technically he’s a wolf and he’s not mine.” Tony hedged weakly. “He’s Loki’s pet….one of his favorites.”
Steve lied. Steve didn’t love him. He was an idiot! He fell for the “i’d never hurt you” cliche. He fell for all the cliches. He fell in love with Steve and thus never asked the right questions. No wonder Rhodey and Loki and everyone thought he could be manipulated so easily. Because it was true.
“He’s just trying to be honest about his feelings. Granted,” Bucky gestured. “his timing’s shit but he’s trying to follow his feelings.”
2. The Avengers all pranking each other is canon! And so I had to make sure it's known that even in this AU they all give each other shit :3
“I will do one better.” She rose and in a shimmer of magic her fancy and frivolous royal dress was replaced with her gleaming battle armor.
Loki gave everyone a very heated and angry glare. When his red eyes passed over Pepper, the shade gave him a helpless shrug, to which Loki barely batted an eye.
“They gain a bit of immortality.”  Erksine answered with a wry smile. “I am not fully immortal but my lifespan is,” He let out a small chuckle “much much longer than the average mortal.”
They had gone a few more rounds, all the while Loki had remained blue and red eyed. Proving his point of still being angry at the blonde. However when Thor woke the next morning, Loki’s skin was pale and his eyes green.
“No need to apologize. Your right.” Steve looked forward again and recalled Erskine in his mind “Knowledge is power.”
Sam gave Erskine a smile “Thank you.” He then looked at Bucky and gave the outraged man a wink which instantly flustered the brunette.
“And yet you still call me Mr. Stark.” Howard shook his head ruefully at Steve’s bashful smile. “I know I’m old son,” He gestured to his full head of white hair. “But I don't want to be made to feel older.”
Steve blinked owlishly. Traveling to the realm of the dead was impossible, to even consider it was beyond his imagination.
Tony felt around the scar, it wasn’t painful to touch but it wasn’t pretty to look at. He glanced at Steve but the blonde was just radiating happiness at Tony being alive again.
Everything went a lot smoother after that. Tony had formally met Betty and they both needled Bruce about taking so long to leave the Monster Bog. At the mention of the Monster Bog, Steve gave Bucky and Natasha a meaningful look and so the two apologized.
“Have any of you seen Tony Jarvis this week? He’s the human that whistles and wears red usually.” Bruce asked and Thor repeated it to make sure the question carried.
“If you say ‘I’m fine’ or any variation of that, I will throw you over my shoulder and carry you to your place.” He deadpanned and Tony barked a laugh.
“I failed again.” Steve whispered, glancing up at the sea. He then went back and clung to Tony. “I’m so sorry Tony.”
“He does my Lord. And I will also do anything I can to help get Peggy’s soul back.” The friends shared a smile then turned back to the god of the Dead.
Thebes City had lost it’s defending centaur during the war. Many believe the enemy snuck in and killed the great protector, but it was never confirmed. Either way it made the city an easier target for the enemy during the war. They hadn’t been able to destroy the entire city but it did take a heavy hit. However, with the help of Stark Company and the citizens of Thebes, the city was reborn and dubbed New Thebes City. However crime rate and problems never seemed to be in short supply. Therefore it was a perfect spot for them to build their hero reputation.
“If you ever need to talk about this stuff again Steve, I’m here for you.” Sam assured quietly. “If you ever need to vent or help figuring things out, just let me know.” Steve smiled and clapped the dark skinned man on the back.
Tony had walked around Hel with Loki, talking and catching up on things. It wasn’t the first time Loki and Tony had spoken and it wouldn’t be the last. Sometimes Tony would wake up to Loki in his kitchen, stealing his food for no other reason than to annoy him. Other times the Avengers would walk in on Thor and Loki going at it in one of the rooms.
However the Jotunn’s, the base-line beings they were, merely embraced their new Queen and King. They encouraged her conquest of the world and used their ties to the elements to ravage the Earth for her. Odin was alone. But he wasn’t for long, for a great warrior goddess came along, Frigga. Together they forged an army and waged war on Bestla and the Jotunn’s. The Jotunn’s fought to the death to defend their tyrannical queen and would not see reason nor accept the wiser Asgardian way. So, sorrowful as it may seem, they had to cut all the Jotunn’s down till none were left alive. After Odin had defeated Bestla he had taken his throne as King of the gods and Frigga became his queen.
“I am done.” He said with finality, his tone not as furious as it was to Thor but more damning. “Do what you want now. Live your short lives. Eventually, you will all die. And then you will be mine.” A cruel smile slowly cracked it’s way onto the blue god’s face. “And when you die, I will have the most amazing time ripping your souls asunder. You will not know rest and will beg for something as sweet as pain.”
Loki was now completely blue and his eyes red. His body jerked again and he growled. “I am being beseeched!”
That night everyone went out for drinks to celebrate Jan’s success and engagement. During a highpoint in the night, Tony approached Steve and gave him a wrapped box. In the box was a brand new pair of running shoes. Steve kissed him and Tony kissed him back and they left the party and went to Tony’s place.
“It’s one me and Rhodey came up with.” Tony broke in, making sure to catch and hold Steve’s eyes. “I’d explain it but I don’t know if I actually can. It’s weird.”
“Steve you live in a mini-palace.” Tony reminded with a smile, but thoroughly enjoyed the look of awe on the blonde’s face.
The shade was a man, perhaps in his late thirties but Loki was a terrible judge of mortal ages. His hair looked like it once had a fine sheen to it, before the man died, and he had a nicely trimmed mustache. He was wearing a Greek linothorax, and some light hide greaves on his legs. With some traditional Greek sandals adorning his feet.
Loki thought viciously. He then sat up straighter on his throne, “You will have three days.” Loki waved his hand and a scroll appeared in his hand, he floated it over to Howard who grabbed it. “That is a map that will show you how to meanuever in the underworld and where you can find the underworld entrances. They are hidden all over in the land of the living.”
Everyone nodded and began to move. Sam helped Bucky up. Natasha went to Clint with Phil’s assistance. Betty helped and let Bruce lean heavily on her. Tony made an aborted gesture to go to Steve but held himself back.
