"...and I know you don't want to talk to me and I deserve that..."
Dean takes a ragged breath, staring into the pool instead. "You know, if you'd just offered to make landscapes like this for me in the beginning I might have let you keep Sam and Adam."
"I can't take you with me," he says, and Impala huffs through his nostrils. "I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'll run into out there. I won't put you in danger." He puts up a hand, asking to say goodbye, and after a few beats Impala relents and shoves his nose into Dean's palm. "Farewell, friends."
“I’m not sure,” Cas says, resting a hand on his chest, to assure himself of his human heart. “It’s as though a huge a part of me is missing, yet at the same time I feel strangely...whole.”
Dean pauses with a slice halfway to his mouth, his eyes dark with conviction. “Time spent with you is never wasted, Cas.”
At first there’s no answer, and he can sense the hesitation in the air as he begins to discern the faint outline of a figure. He reaches out slowly, thinking his imagination is playing tricks on him, and he’ll grab an apron hung on a peg or some other innocuous item. Just as his fingers are about grasp the thing in front of him, the figure moves away and he gasps aloud.
"Then why are we avoiding her?" Cas whispers back, and Dean can feel hot breath on his ear.
“Okay, okay,” Dean says, turning a corner to see a familiar sight  through an opening in the next corridor: four soldiers, guarding two doors from behind their red and blue shields. “Great. Talking to these guys went so well the last time.” He cringes at the thought, the thing that still haunts his nightmares.
She tilts her head, looking thoughtful. “It could, I suppose, but...no. He loved her, and she died, and that’s a terrible thing for so many reasons. It doesn’t make sense for me to be jealous of someone I’ve never known and will never get to. If anything it shows me how deeply John feels things, even when he pretends he doesn’t: love and grief and guilt, deep wells of them beneath a still surface.”
"Thank you, my dear. You can do better than these two, you know."
He feels very tired, and he knows that it's going to bite him in the ass tonight during the stakeout, but he can't bring himself to go back to the motel. He pulls off somewhere that looks secluded and opens his phone, ignoring the five waiting text messages to set an alarm, and then stretches out on the bench seat to take a nap until he has to show up in the parking lot. It feels like he's just closed his eyes when the alarm goes off, and he groans as he fumbles to turn it off. He sighs, rubbing his eyes, and the when the phone dings with a sixth text message he finally reads them.
"Nope, because I'm sure he never loved you, either."
“Alright. You can sleep here again, but you mustn’t try to get back into the castle proper. Remember what Bobby said. There’s lots of crumbling stones, and no one wants you to get hurt. Do you want me to stay until you fall asleep?”
"But even
The goblin king considers them each in turn, than smirks. "As you wish." He raises a hand, twirling a finger in the direction of the clock, and the hands on it start to spin counter-clockwise. "You have thirteen hours in which to solve my labyrinth." His form starts to soften at the edges, as though blending into the landscape behind him. "After that, your baby brother becomes one of us." His form turns translucent, and he glances at Sam before turning the full force of his gaze on Dean. "Forever." His eyes glitter as he finally fades away, and Dean blinks in astonishment.
“Are you real?” he whispers, and Castiel reaches up to cover Dean’s hand with his own.
"Thank you. I felt it was important to convey my utter derision of the term."
"Why would I be doing him?"
"Of course. Why do you think they all act so childish?"
"No," Dean says quickly, his hand twitching to do just that. "Why are you here? What do you want?"
, he reasons,
"Only because a chair covers more surface area than a lead pipe."
“He told me the goblin realm was created for all the human children, when they became too many for the fae to deal with.”
"I don't just mean that, Cas. I mean, yes, obviously
"Celeste!"
As for people who are 'in the life,’ well, it’s possible that there’s a candidate for that, though there's no way in hell he's letting anyone else in on that information. Charlie and Sam would both  needle him about it endlessly, well-meaning meddlers that they are, and he just wants to keep it to himself for a while. Enjoy the limbo that may or may not be mutual attraction until the inevitable happens.
"What do you..."
His eyes rove over the crowd, most of the faces familiar from seeing them in the same hallway day after day even if he can't attach a name to them, the anonymous students that make up the crowd scene of any high school party. Suddenly he catches sight of a group he
"Another time, then," Darkwing says huskily, and then he's propelling himself into the air with a pair of giant black wings that have appeared out of nowhere, leaving Dean to stare after him as he disappears into the night sky.
Problem the third: he feels an inexplicable desire to go back to the room right now, and watch over the guy until he wakes up. Point: he'd feel more assured if he could talk to him. Counterpoint: in reality he'd probably feel less assured if he could talk to him.
Dick just smooths his hair, straightens his lapel, and shoves past Cas without another backward glance. He presses the heels of his hands into his eyes, taking deep breaths, trying to let the tension ease out of his body.
"Yeah," Dean says breathlessly. "Yeah, okay. Whatever you want."
“My home,” the man says, looking out towards the balcony. “No one is supposed to come into the castle.”
Sam lingers in the bedroom as his brother goes into the hall, but when he hears the click of the door he moves to the crib, staring down at the tiny sleeping form within it.
Dean pulls him closer, tangling their legs together, pressing the word “Yes” into a thousand places on his skin.
"Intermissions with emissions?"
"Let me carry you, it'll be quicker."
. He won't know it's you, and I'll keep watch for the others in the hall."
"He insists on giving me a lift to the restaurant, since I took the train in today.”
“Hey!”
Dean is well into his second cup of coffee on an idle Tuesday morning when Sam wanders into the kitchen, laptop balanced on the palm of one large hand.
"Where's the catalogue? Do they have ‘Piece of Me’?"
"What the hell," Dean says, leaning closer. "Shit. I never realized but yeah, it does seem like we've been seeing a lot of fires in the past year. I didn't really think about it because most of them were in..."
"Right," he mutters even as he cringes internally, wondering just how he must have looked to Cas all those years ago.
"What is it?" Dean asks, lightly tracing the slow smile on Castiel's lips with the tip of his finger before he shakes his head, and Dean doesn't press. "Lie back on the pillows, get comfortable."
"I am not brooding."
He presses a kiss into the hollow of Dean's throat, can feel him swallow in anticipation, then moves languorously down his torso. He stops to lave at Dean's nipples, bringing them to hard peaks before blowing on them softly, one after the other. He presses wet, open-mouthed kisses all along Dean's ribs, the saliva shining wetly on his skin like markers along a trail.  Most of the time they spend together Castiel is happy to let Dean take charge, but Dean's reaction to his news makes him feel powerful, bold. He grasps the waistband of Dean's boxers just above each hip, as he nuzzles the fine trail of hair that disappears beneath them, then mouths at the damp cotton covering Dean's erection.
a goat."
"Dean," he says, extending a hand. "Dean Winchester."
"You should ask your own kind," he replies, "given how many of them have done just that."
"That's because you take the circuitous route to my office whenever you deign to visit now, and that one time you saw him coming up the hall you hid in the stairwell!"
"I'd like to." He tilts his head, regarding Dean. "For a while."
"Conquest." The word is heavy on his tongue, preventing any argument he might have made, because why shouldn't Cas believe that's what's happening here? It's all he's ever known from Dean, a life of carefully crafted detachment surrounded by a smokescreen of boozy bars and casual hookups, all of it meant to disguise something he can't bring himself to show.
“What then?”
“Sam…”
couple? Should he count from the day they met? No, it should probably be from their first date, although they were still really casual back then, and he can’t remember if they ever had a conversation where they confirmed they were boyfriend/girlfriend, do people even
Hot air bathes his face as the dragon snorts, and he hears its talons clicking against the stone, can feel the heat of its body leave as it moves away. He opens his eyes again to see it across the room, turning to glance back at him before its powerful wings stretch to their full length and launch it into the air.
“It seems so.” She glances towards the den again. “It’s what I want for your dad, and Sam, too.”
"Yeah," Sam says slowly, glancing at Cas wholly absorbed with his food, then moving his eyes to Dean. "That was very nice of you." He raises his eyebrows, the question mark that his inflection lacked, and Dean pointedly ignores him, focusing on burger consumption as if it were a competitive sport. Instead he waits until the waitress is out of earshot and starts telling Jack in hushed tones about all the chupacabra hunts they've been on before, relishing the wide-eyed wonder on his face as he listens raptly.
Balthazar raises an eyebrow before he exits the way he came, and Castiel stares at the doorway long after he's gone, leaning on his knees and wondering what he's gotten himself into.
"Yeah, um. A story told with pictures that move. They can be really fantastic, like this place is, far removed from the real world. Or they can be stylized versions of the lives we want to lead, a kind of wish fulfillment."
“Why’s that?” He expects Bobby to shrug and change the subject, but he looks pensive, staring at the bottle for a few minutes. “You never said anything.”
“Of course, Charlie. Amara found her in the twisted wreckage of a coach at the bottom of a ravine, pinned inside amongst the bodies of the dead, but trapped in such a way that she couldn’t get out.”
And he does.
"What? I mean, you still want me to after..." He gestures to the worktable where he nearly sawed his hand off twenty minutes ago.
"I was, at first. I'm not now. I understand that you were frustrated."
"That's great." Taking the folder brings with it a rush of relief, as though most of the things he thought were falling apart have suddenly dropped into place in a new and better arrangement. "I'll have a definite answer for you by the end of the week." He already knows he's going to say yes, but not because he has to. He wants this job, he wants to get out on his own, even if he doesn't like the way it's happening. "Thanks, Mr. Singer."
He sighs, shoulders sagging, hands deep in the ice, letting the cold cut through him like a punishment for an old transgression. "I was so stupid."
“Will you be over your existential crisis in ten minutes? I need a ride to the pool. You won’t have to pick me up, I swear, Amy’s mom will get us later.”
"No!"
He’s beginning to doze back off when he feels a shift in the blankets, and a hand comes up to cover his beneath them.
“I’m so sorry, Dean. I wish I’d been here.”
Even now, with the heady scent of Dean's lust filling his nostrils, he can't believe this is actually happening. That the object of all his awakened desire is beneath his hands, at the mercy of his tongue, Castiel's own idol of flesh to worship. He carefully pulls the boxer briefs over Dean's hardness, sliding them over the swell of his ass as he lifts it off the bed, then debates whether to take them off or leave them at mid-thigh. He likes the idea of restraining Dean even so minimally, but the desire to see him relaxed and able to give himself over completely makes Castiel remove them instead.
Dean sits up on his knees, letting Castiel's cock fall from his lips to slap against his own stomach, wet and glistening and red.
“How do you know his name?”
"Sure. Let me get you something from the truck."
“No doubt you worked just as hard for it as he did,” she teases. “How do you think your dad will take it when he leaves?”
“Are you the manager or not?”
Dean clears his throat, gesturing to the TV with the remote. "Don't you think it's time we find out?"
"What do you have in mind?" He tilts his head, genuinely curious. Dean shuffles his feet, the self-sure confidence he usually exhibits momentarily absent.
Once again he finds himself in his own bed with no memory of how he got there, blinking sleepily at the familiar walls of his small room. He flops back onto his back and stares at the ceiling until it begins to blur, and then he turns his face into the pillow.
Dean groans as he slings one arm over Cas's torso. "We have a lot to talk about when we get home." Cas runs his fingers through Dean's hair but doesn't answer, and Dean opens his eyes. "Unless you're thinking about how to tell me that we made a mistake?"
Dean hums, “Yeah. Same here.”
Dean is pacing the length of Castiel’s office, his face a mask of fury and disgust.
Dean follows, as best as he can – again, climbing up to the clinic every day really helps – until they reach Admin.
She has a son, then. Good. For a minute there, Castiel was well about to explode in the middle of the store. He wonders why Dean looks flustered, though. Another one of those thing Castiel will never understand about Dean. Sometimes he just gets shy over small things, depending on how ‘girly’ or unmanly they appear to him. He has a sort of complex about that. About appearing like a good old American male, virile and proud. He doesn’t want them holding hands in the streets, for example. “I’m not a fag, Cas,” he just says, when Castiel tries.
With an impatience he didn’t think he could feel without having Cas’s scent in his nose, he hooks up a leg around Cas’s hips, pushing up a little so Cas’s cock with line up perfectly with his hole.
Dean is going to throw up again. He’s so fucking scared.
Cas closes the gap between them, lips soft and dry moving against his own. “I missed you,” he whispers. Another kiss. Dean is paralyzed. “So much.”
“No. No, no, it’s fine,” Dean stammers. “I’m, I’m glad you’re feeling better, man.”
“Right,” Aaron snorts. “Personal like Graham discovering he’s being weird with his employees?”
“Then what?” Aaron asks, raising a skeptical eyebrow at him. “You’re already seeing someone? Are you married?” He jokes.
The silence that settles between them as they stare at each other is very telling. They’re not friends, and neither of them believes that. They’re well past that.
.” There, he said it. “And I can’t… I can’t do that to your wife.”
“I wanna do it to Michael this time,” Gabriel finally says. There’s a glint of defiance in his eyes. “Why’s it always him doin’ it to me?”
“Don’t sweat it, Sammy, I know what you’ve been doing on your phone all this time.”
His fingers slide in Cas’s ass again, and this time he moves them around a little, drawing small circles with them. “Jesus Christ,” he says, almost in awe, “You’re hot!”
This is a dilemma Dean wishes Cas hadn’t sprouted on him.
“Jesus Christ, Cas, how long are we gonna stay here and pretend everything’s good,” Dean whispers urgently at him after this whole nightmare of a dinner is done and they’re standing outside on the balcony, waiting for Michael to bring some cigars. “Can’t we just go, already?”
And anyway, he’s not here to reminisce, he’s here to work.
The only thing that prevents him from dozing off and enjoy the moment is the small, growling noise Cas is making, one continuous sound so faint that Dean didn’t hear it until that moment.
It’s all nice and good, Dean thinks, but he doesn’t really believe it. “Then why hasn’t he said anything?”
“I’m fine.”
He sighs, and goes back to watching Andrea and Benny as the machines start beeping faster. Andrea is still plateau-ing, but Benny is close to orgasm.
And he comes.
Dean stares at her for a little while, wondering what he’s supposed to even think.
He takes Cas’s hand, letting out a shaky breath.
“So, um, linens. That’s good” he says, sliding the pillowcase he’s holding onto a pillow.
“I don’t know,” Cas shrugs. “We had a dinner date this weekend, the wife is a friend of Amelia’s, so it was more of a relaxed meeting, to get to know each other. I wanted to see if he was serious.”
Not like he can steer his own thoughts away from the points of contact between them, anyway.
“I wasn’t talking about nipples, no.”
“Wh—what?”
Martha is still here, and she’s still a disaster. He resorted to not asking anything of her anymore, but it means it greatly inflated his workload. He doesn’t know how, but Martha still appears as busy as ever.
There’s not much time to think of anything else, anyway, since the Doc’s focused on writing his report for the Board. They haven’t done anything else together. Novak decided that the knotting incident was enough of a revolutionary concept that it wouldn’t need a repeat. It’s enough for the report, he said, so Dean went with it.
Sam, who was just starting to drink, chokes on it.
He suspected this was a date, but he didn’t expect them to be so open to each other about it. Even
He brings his hands together and stares, the same creepy smile on his face that he’s been wearing every time he’s been talking to Dean.
Somehow, they find each other’s eyes, and the laughter dies, little by little.
It’s too big for a ring, that’s for sure. But Cas went to a jewelry store, and bought something,
“It’s hard to small talk with you,” he sighs.
“Are you okay?” he asks instead.
“Yeah,” he finally breathes out. “Yeah, Cas. O’course.”
“Dean?” Cas frowns.
“I—I don’t know w—what to do…”
“Dean. Dean, I—”
He told Dean he wouldn’t tolerate any lateness, dammit! What should he do, now? What is he going to do if he has to fire Dean?
“But you didn’t,” Dean barks, twisting his head around, “so it’s fine. We can look for bonded couples and try to recreate the conditions. Study the phenomenon, like scientists, not back off at the first signs of danger!”
“Yeah, no kidding,” Dean huffs.
He lets out another small burp that turns into a groan. So Dean pats his shoulder, and pushes a strand of hair away from his forehead.
Dean shakes his head, and a small smile appears on his lips.
“No,” Novak says, stopping him. “Schedule us.”
Naomi is quick to bounce back from the shock, however. “I did not raise you like this! We’ll see what Amelia thinks of—”
His hips buck without his consent, the beating of his heart going up at a crazy rate. “Sorry.”
Dean gives him his most impressive grin, and waits for the curiosity to appear on Adler’s face.
And he believes this, so much so that Dean believes it in turn. Sam’s not sad. Sam’s been running every morning, and he kept making breakfast for Dean, and kept looking through the bunker for a spell or something that could get them into the Empty. He’s been energized ever since Chuck has been defeated.
Amelia hums, thoughtful. “I guessed it was something like that. Well,” she shrugs, and turns to the fridge to look inside. “I’m sorry, too. I was a bit… miffed.” She take a big pot out of the fridge and, with a little grunt of effort, deposit it gently on the stove next to it. “I, uh, I didn’t want to talk to you.”
“So…” he tries as he picks up the big spoon next to his place, “what does she wants?”
“Uh, I don’t know… nice?”
Cas lifts their entwined hands and gives them a kiss. “We’re excited to see how it goes.”
It seems to take a lifetime. When he’s done, he wipes his mouth with the back of his hand and notices he’s shaking. He looks at his trembling hands, and suddenly he’s dizzy. His heart seems to have trouble beating in a constant rhythm. Heat seems to burst from his lower belly and up to his face, and he has to sit back against the sink and hold on to its edge with everything he has because
“We’re already in trouble with the Provost,” Cas answers. He looks back at the girls, pushing his glasses up his nose with an adorable –
“Thank you.”
Dean smiles.
It’s an order. A thrill goes through Dean, and he obeys.
But here they are, stuck together by their genitals, in the most intimate way possible. Dean can’t believe how quick they were to argue once the long awaited orgasm was out of their system.
Dean just huffs a laugh, “So you wanna, what? Stage our videos?”
This sends Aaron into another laughing fit. “That doesn’t make any sense.”
“I’m think I’m gonna go home,” he says.
,” she answers through the glass.
“What happened?”
Castiel won’t look up to see the expression that goes with the tone of disappointment he can detect in Dean’s voice. He needs Dean to leave, but unfortunately for him, Dean is being himself and he won’t quit without a fight.
“But it’s staged,” Dean insists. “That’s not me.”
The world starts to spin. This is it, then.
Cas tries to give Dean a subtle side-eye, but it’s clear by the way Naomi purses her lips that she saw.
“You’re in good company, then.”
“Dean…” the Doc starts. But he doesn’t say it’s not a good idea. He doesn’t protest, in fact. Just licks his lips. “If you lie down it’ll be easier for you,” he simply adds.
“How do you know?”
“If that’s what you call ‘handling friends’, no, I can’t say I’d be good at it,” Novak says with his usual poker face.
Dean huffs, “You can’t shut up when we’re getting down to business and now you don’t wanna talk about it?”
“Fine with me,” Aaron says, a triumphant smile on his lips.
“Yeah, yeah, I felt that too. Like nothing mattered except the points of contact between us.”
It’s so good, in fact, that they lose themselves in each other. Now that Dean can feel how enthusiastic Cas is about physical contact, he has no qualm pushing their bodies together and holding on to Cas as tight as he can.
-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-
“Thanks,” he says, relaxing a little.
“My, uh,” she rolls her eyes, “climax? I faked it.”
“What?”
Good. He never liked her, anyway.
Dean has no idea if he’s talking only to him or to his audience, but it sends a shiver down his spine anyway. It’s thrilling, to follow the order. Trail his finger lightly along Cas’s ribs, index fingers circling his nipples in a playful way. Not touching, not pinching. Not yet.
“Wouldn’t that be a problem if we decide you were to participate in our study?” Dean asks, more aggressively than he intended.
Against all odds, Dean listens to him, and his breathing settles down. The noise outside is deafening. The cops are about to come in. They don’t have much time left.
“Yeah. I mean, don’t get me wrong, I’m gonna be honest here even though I’m sure I’ll regret it but… I’ve been wanting us to do this for a while…”
Stretching his leg a bit further, the one with the knee on the bench, Cas directs Dean’s hand to his ass. “Time to get to work,” he says, dropping a kiss on the top of Dean’s head.
“About what?”
Dean bites his lips.
He spent more time there than anywhere else. And now he’s expected to find another hospital and go on as if nothing was wrong?
Dean bends down to nibble at his lower lip, just to tease until Cas growls, kisses the corner of Cas’s mouth, his jaw, his neck.
“Cas thinks so, yeah.”
But he’s here to save his job. If he doesn’t have the Study, he doesn’t have anything to help Sam. And then what does that make him, huh? The last thing he wants is to become useless to Sam. Because he’d be useless, period.
Dean half-shrugs. “You know how he is.”
“Come on,” Dean scolds him lightly. “Don’t drag it out, just tell me.”
“No. No way, she looks too shy.”
He doesn’t have to walk far to reach Cas and his audience. Fortunately, the Doc has his back to Dean.
Dean shakes his head. “Okay, so what does that mean?”
Of course he doesn’t know that Benny’s Partner is Dean. He doesn’t, Dean knows that rationally, but he still feels weirdly good about the way Cas said that. Like he was defending Dean’s honor, somehow.
Their relationship gets better.
“Shut up,” Dean lets out.
“Oh, fuck!” he yelps, pushing back on the tongue and staying there. The Doc’s face is almost entirely smooched into his ass, but he doesn’t give a shit. “Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!” he mumbles, with each clenching of his inner muscles, each rope of ejaculate bursting out of him. “God. Fucking. Motherfuuu—”
that you’re not really a spoilsport.”
Letting out the pent up tension that’s been building inside him in a breath, he pushes his two first knuckles in. Stars seem to burst behind his eyelids.
Yes! Let him take charge. Dean trusts him to know what he needs and to give it to him.
She winks at him.
“So what,” he snaps back, “I’m not allowed to be fucking exhausted? I work for three doctors. At once. I think I’m entitled to feel a bit tired.”
“Yes,” Dean lets out in a wet laugh. “Yeah, I’m… I’m so happy, Cas. You have no idea.”
“I don’t know how you would be,” Balthazar insists. The spark in his eyes is back, it seems, and it’s glinting more dangerously than before. “I mean… with that piece of candy,” he points to the door. He means
“I am too,” Cas huffs out in a small laugh. “Very glad.”
He puts his hands in his pants’ pockets, and smiles. Cas will have to eat alone, then.
“Why would you think about that?”
“If you weren’t there,” Naomi goes on, “Cassie would get home earlier. I suspect he would still sleep with his wife. He wouldn’t enjoy it, but he would do it, as is his duty as a husband. I would probably have a grand-child by now. He would have given up his pointless endeavor with this useless study of his, and he would still be working in a place that is up to his standards. Without you, his life would be perf—”
What the good Doc didn’t say was that it’s all they used because it’s all they had.
Cas shrugs. “Because he’s not the one making the decision. The Board is. And even if they don’t like the Study, they like me. They know my value, and they respect me as a medical professional.”
Oh, boy, here we go.
look like they’re in love.
Dean swallows. He licks his lips. This, he likes. Can he allow himself this, just for one night? Even if Cas won’t remember anything come morning? He’s so tired, and disappointed by the events of the evening that he thinks,
“No. We’re studying penetration.”
They keep holding hands whenever they can, and Dean is giddy with the feeling of being in love and enjoying the object of his affection fully. In public.
“Harder,” Dean grunts.
As if in slow motion, Cas’s gaze lazily travels from Dean’s eyes, to his nose, his mouth, and back to his eyes. There’s a frown creasing his brow, as if he doesn’t quite understand what Dean wants, before his eyebrows relax curving up, almost pleading.
, he repeats to himself for the hundredth time.
“Cas… you can’t—”
He expects Cas to yell louder, tell him how royally he fucked up, that he’s fired and he never wants to see him again.
“And in the meantime,” Dean goes on, “we’ll make a list of events, and we’ll find some money. I have a few of your former patients’ details, we’ll make it work.”
For an eternity, you’re nothing. Then you are brought into this world, and things happen. And when things have happened, one day, you’re not here anymore.
In a matter of seconds, Dean’s on his bed again.
“Done already?”
“Of course… I, huh, I don’t know.” He eyes Sam, then Dean in turn. “I could tell you something only I would know?”
It’s easy to forget, with the blockers, and the way the Doc doesn’t seem affected by
“Talk to me,” Cas breaks the silence.
What the hell was he thinking? Cas is the love of his life. He has to touch him, to have him in his arms. He has to worship him to the best of his ability or else he thinks he might die.
“And you barge in, with your… your charm and your pseudo-science talk and your infuriatingly perfect smile and it took you ten minutes. Ten minutes, Dean.”
He might be a bit uncomfortable, but Castiel is hoping it’s going to pass as soon as their little soirée gets going.
-_-_-_-_-_-
It keeps going this way for what feels like hours. The Doc keeps playing with the flesh around his left nipple, slowly getting closer and closer to the nub of flesh, until, finally, he presses it between two fingers. Dean can’t hold the twitch in his legs this time.
After a couple of minutes of this, Novak seems to notice as well.
“My treat, then.”
“I’m okay, as long as it’s fast. I’ll be fine, I’ll jack off at home, and I’ll be here tomorrow bright and early, alright?”
Dean doesn’t want to be cruel. He has to get to work.
Besides, what would he tell Cas? They don’t have the kind of relationship where they can just drop by each other’s house for a chat. If they can’t talk about science, they can’t talk at all.
Jesus, he’s about to fuck Cas.
“All right. Good.”
“Great idea, Dear,” Grace finally lets out, voice small.
Dean tries to look away, and Sam’s voice hardens, “You’ve never reacted like this to anything. Something happened.”
Cas huffs before going back to work, “Eloquent.”
She comes back to the table, handing him his own, and sits across from him with hers.
“How come he
“You’re welcome.”
Anyway, he’s not gonna quit in the middle of the school year, so he has time to think about it some more.
Adler glares at him.
And so, the kid is gone, and Dean and Sam are left alone with their actual feelings, sans dog this time, because Dean is not about to steal a good boy from his family. It’s been tough. Tougher than the Dream, for sure.
Giving it to himself is not that easy, though.
“How?”
Dean knows her name is Dorothy, that she’s a kindergarten teacher a few miles away from the hospital, and that she’s only doing it for the money, because she just bought a small house and her loan is causing her some trouble.
. Dean has to bite on his lips to hold on from moaning outright. From up close, the spicy and fresh scent of the Doc is still here, but there’s something different about it, something like the smell of wet ground after a storm, earthy and powerful.
What surprises him even more is that he actually considers it.
“This is worse than I feared,” Castiel mumbles. He pushes Dean on his back again, takes on his widest alpha stance, and grabs Dean by the hair so he’ll have to look him in the eye. “Dean. I said no!”
So this couple, a rich couple, apparently wants children. And it might help Cas with the Study, provided he performs a miracle and gets them pregnant, but there’s no guarantee. Even if Amelia trusts this Clarice to know how to convince her husband, he would need to be sure.
-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-
Dean shoots Cas a warning look. If they keep going he’s going to say or do something he’ll regret and Christmas will be ruined for everybody.
Dean’s about to say his thanks and leave, since he can’t get anything out of her, but the sound of footsteps coming his way stops him. When he turns to look, Graham is walking toward him, a creepy, satisfied smile on his face.
“Then. Suck. My. Cock. Do it, Dean.”
“Huh. Doc? It’s Dean. Can I come in?”
Looking at her, it’s only risking that she’ll see he has no idea what he’s doing with their marriage, and he can’t have that either.
With a too enthusiastic nod, she starts typing on her keyboard, so Dean turns to Cas. “I hope we won’t have to pay for the minibar,” he winks at him.
-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-
“Please, fuck me,” Dean begs.
“Good, cause that’s not what I’m offering. I’m being selfish,” he insists with a small smile when Dean shakes his head. “I want to party. And I want to see you drunk. You’re always so proper—”
Cas huffs but does as Dean asks. He doesn’t shy away from looking at what he’s doing. He wastes no time on it, discarding the bottle of blockers before crawling on the bed.
It’s as if Cas is stuck in that primal state, and Dean doesn’t know what to do about it. Should he wait a little, see if, as Cas’s knot goes down, Cas will come back to himself? Or should he try to snap him out of it?
“—you know? I don’t want you going through some, some weird, mafia sex shenanigans because we were too chicken shit to help—”
That’s a depressing thought.
“Okay, great.”
. Because Dean really needs to feel guilty, to top it all off. “I had sex with him!”
Sam is staring between them both, a concerned frown on his face. “Cas,” he says, tone serious, “you know Dean can be insensitive sometimes. But it doesn’t mean he’s doing it on purpose.”
“Talk me through your thought process,” Cas says, interrupting his musings.
Cas hums, thoughtful, and looks back at the screen. His double is crawling toward the camera suggestively. Video-Dean smacks his ass, and Video-Cas gives him his best impersonation of Sam’s bitchface before turning the camera off.
With a sigh and a nod, Dean tries to move, but his broken leg makes itself known again, and he almost falls. Sam manages to catch him with his good arm, and on they go, limping together towards Jack.
, Castiel thinks. But it’s not like he cares about his brother’s personal comfort in this moment.
So, really, he doesn’t think he can sink any lower. Things can only go up from there, he thinks as he enters his house after another grueling day of work.
Instead of answering, Cas just rolls his eyes, and abandons Dean in favor of setting up the lab. Laughing to himself, Dean shakes his head.
“ ‘M fine,” Gabriel answers weakly.
The way he’s saying that, all casual, not even looking up from his notes to address Dean is seriously starting to piss Dean off.
“She’ll come around,” he offers.
“Understandable,” he says gravely.
Dean lets out a small laugh as he stares into the blue of Cas’s eyes.
“Oh, fuck! Oh, fuck, fuck, oh fuck!”
Cas doesn’t look surprised. Maybe he gets it. After all, now that Sam knows Dean’s okay, he might be mad at Cas too.
He doesn’t really understand how what this random woman thinks of her could affect her, but Dean taught him that agreeing to small things can help communication.
The Old Guy laughs, but Dean barely hears it over the ringing in his ears. He doesn’t know why, or how, but Naomi has a way to defeat him so completely that he ends up feeling like his soul is leaving his body, only to be replaced with pure, hot anger. It happened the rare few times he spent time with her, but this time it reached a boiling point.
Until, that is, Cas lets go of his hand, and decides to squeeze his thigh instead.
“Are you ready?”
And he clicks the ‘stop’ button on the screen.
He stays on the patio, staring at the door for what feels like ages. Naomi knows, and the fact keeps turning in his head, over and over. She knows. She knows, and if she knows, if it was that obvious to her, then what of Amelia? She spends all of her days with Cas… with the scent bond between them both, if she has a delicate nose, then…
I also want to reiterate (because i've been asked several times) that, yes, this is a Destiel story, so Destiel is endgame, and if it wasn't going to be a happy ending, it would be tagged, so don't worry! Things will work out, you just have to trust the process (and the writer :p)
“Cas was defending me because Graham is the one asshole who—” his voice cracks and he cuts himself.
“Do you think Dean would like Martha’s job?”
He literally passes out. He’s not here for a long moment, or maybe a second, because time loses all meaning. He’s not Dean, he’s not a body, he is pure pleasure.
“You’re one to talk,” Dean says with a groan, because Cas just found a particularly vicious kink in his neck.
“Please…”
“Please forgive me,” he finally says, still frozen in place. “I—I wasn’t expecting that. I need to gather my thoughts.”
“I need a new secretary,” Castiel says, letting himself fall into the cafeteria chair in front of Balthazar, who stops chewing and raises an eyebrow at him.
After that, Castiel reads the papers, she sips her tea, and they don’t talk until he has to leave. Only then do they say goodbye to each other, with a perfunctory kiss on the cheek, and he’s out the door.
He’s being silly because he wants something to happen. He has Cas right here, it’s the perfect opportunity, and Dean is weak. He wants him.
“So, tell me,” Cas says as they wait for their burgers, folding his fingers under his chin, “what is your favorite class so far?”
It takes a lot out of Dean to keep the smile plastered on his face. The sudden joy from the banter and the good meal has all but evaporated, because he knows, and Benny probably knows as well, that none of that is true.
“Thank you,” Meg sighs in relief. “I mean it.”
“To college.”
“Why do we always need an occasion? We’re just having a drink!”
“Don’t cry,” Michael tells him. “You like this game. You told me you did.”
But it’s hard to reach a state of emptiness and relaxation when there’s someone trying to speak through a ball gag right next to you.
Cas looks disappointed. Really, really disappointed.
Cas’s life is probably flashing in front of his eyes.
Castiel raises a hand to stop him from rambling, which, he noticed, Dean has a tendency to do when he’s embarrassed. “Who was it?”
Dean wonders if this is what it feels like to have a nightmare come true in front of his eyes.
It’s already better than what they had before. Which was nada.
“She just stood there, like she just saw a ghost. Dad didn’t say anything, he just looked at her. And she turned around, and she left, like nothing happened. And she never talked about it.”
. There’s like a giant ball of anxiety and sadness forming in Dean’s throat, so he can’t protest. He can’t even leave to avoid hearing what Cas is about to say. He’s glued to his chair, as if someone tied him there, and all he can do is wait for the Pain Train to come and run him over.
Dean hums, “So you’ve never had a genuine Vegas Vacation before.”
“It has to do with what I do for a living,” Cas goes on, ignoring the way Dean’s eyebrows are trying to fly off his face.
Cas just tilts his head on the side and frowns harder.
“Dean, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to upset you.”
“Hunter and I haven’t been together for long,” Cas keeps talking. “And we wanted to take things slow, but we thought it’d be interesting to document our sex life. And once it’s recorded,” he smiles, “we figured it would only be logical to share with all of you.”
He’s not ready for this. Nothing prepared him for this situation. He just wants to run in their room and hide in his bed and maybe cry for a bit because this is all too much.
They’re still linked together, and Dean doesn’t feel like fuckin again, which probably means it mustn’t be that long since his earth-shattering orgasm (orgasms? He’s not even sure).
Right on cue it seems, Cas pulls Dean’s head back by his hair, crashes their lips together again and turns them around.
The food is great, but the conversation is strenuous, at best. And Dean is running out of things to blab about. There’s one thing he wants to know, though, but he waits for a while, until it becomes easier to smile and joke around. Until Benny looks like his usual relaxed self, and not the nervous Alpha Dean’s had in front of him for half of the meal, just in case this is a sensitive topic.
“About last night…” he starts after they’ve been silent for an entire episode of the Simpsons.
The boy blinks at him, and it takes him a second before he finally sits. He’s not wearing any kind of blockers, and, Christ, he smells
Dean hesitates at that. But this is as much a part of Cas’s life as it is Dean’s. He probably wants to make sure Sam isn’t going to blab to Amelia.
Dean bristles. He can’t hold back the rage building up inside him.
Dean lets out a decisive breath, “Okay.”
Dean nods.
“Please,” Cas says. “Don’t tease. We’re way beyond that.”
“Please, stop,” he snaps when he can’t take it anymore.
“Yeah.”
He spits it out like it’s a total disgrace. Dean’s anxiety slowly gets replaced with amusement.
If he’s going to see Benny, he has to get ready. And letting Sam stew in his own juices for now seems like the right thing to do.
Dean laughs quietly. Castiel wishes he could see him. “
Be home tonight @11
“I’m gonna come in your mouth, Dean.”
His involuntary responses to arousal are broadcasted so loudly that even a first year pre-med student just discovering the Study would be able to read them.
Cas’s eyes find his, and it’s like he doesn’t understand the request.
the point? Are you going to forbid us to do it because you don’t like it? I expected better of you, Sam…”
“Hi, Doctor Novak.”
He does, just a little, something spicy and fresh that he can’t pinpoint, but it sure doesn’t smell like arousal. At all. Uh.
Dean nods. “Okay. Come here.”
He said he wouldn’t cave in, but oh! How he wants to! Sammy is an obstacle, of course, but as the days pass, and as he thinks about it, it doesn’t seem as terrible as it felt the first time Dean heard the idea.
Another question from Beasty_Boy_69 pops up. That guy seems to be Cas’s number one fan.
Not that Cas is lying or anything, Dean knows he really believes what he said, but Dean is thinking that, maybe, losing his wife and his house while settling in a new work place would be too big of a change. He thinks Cas is just scared, and so he lies to himself, because it’s easier than taking a leap and see where he’ll land.
Dean manages to jump a little before Cas tackles him, and it’s lucky he did, or else he’s not sure they’d have landed on the bed.
Dean feels his breath graze his ear, and a shiver of want runs through him. He closes his eyes, and just breathes.
They quickly reach Dean’s floor and, too soon, they’re standing in front of his door. It would be rude to say goodbye now, right? He has to invite Cas in. For just one drink, or a coffee or something, but that’s it.
Fuck, what does he want? Dean stands away from his desk in a sigh, but he knows better than to make Novak wait by now. Especially since today is a moody day.
It’s hard to wrap his mind around it, and to believe it, because Dean’s used to carrying every single thing that happens in his life on his shoulders, and this one feels like it’s all on him. But he trusts Cas. Cas never lies, not even when it’d be convenient. Well, except for that one time where he kind of went off the rails and started working with Crowley, but it’s in the past. Now, Cas knows better.
“No. It’s fine, Dean, I get it.”
“Do that again!”
“Oookay,” Sam says.
God, what a gorgeous sight he would make.
Surprisingly, Cas laughs at that. It’s a bit hysterical, a bit tired too, but he seems genuinely relieved.
“We can talk,” he breathes, “it can be fun. Just, not about science.”
Dean licks up a stripe from his balls to the head of his cock, tasting the skin. Castiel hisses.
“I’m just pulling your strings, I actually like it,” Dean says. “It’s just so funny that you thought sound didn’t carry from your office to the lobby when your door is open.”
“Well,” he lets out, clearly angry, although Castiel can’t say if it’s at him, at Martha, or at the world in general. “I can’t let her go without a replacement. You’ll have to compose with her for now.”
Someone in the class gasps. Dean doesn’t stop to look and see who it is, he just turns his heels on the whole classroom, and leaves as quick as he can, rage fueling his pace.
So Castiel endures it, as long as it lasts. He endures Dean’s flirting with girls. He even let him kiss them, touch them. Because, as Dean said, he’s not gay. And there’s no need for everybody to know that Castiel and Dean spend their nights jerking each other off.
“Doctor,” Dean says, nodding politely. “I was just looking for doctor Novak.”
Cas seems to be thinking the same thing. Soon, after pretending to work for a while, they both actually get absorbed by what they have to do, and kind of forget about the awkwardness.
Dean complies, taking position. He lays his head down, of course.
“Ah,” Cas smiles, “I see you’re all against me.” Breathing out a dramatic sigh, he leans back against Dean again. “If I read you correctly, I’m the one who should be punished,” he muses.
Dean shrugs. “We should… take a sample of sweat and… maybe semen? Secretions? Tonight, and later at home, when we’re alone. See if there’s a difference in the chemical balance of our bodies.”
“Yes, Sir?” Meg asked innocently, a smirk playing on her face. “Are you here for a meeting?”
Sam’s eyes lit up. He hadn’t even said anything yet, and it appeared that today, Dean was close to admitting defeat; Sam could work with this.
“Any requests?” Cas asked as he left the room.
Sam let them have their moment. He couldn’t believe that Dean had thought that he was going to lose Sam just because he loved a man. Sam wasn’t going to let something like that affect their brotherly relationship – who cares who Dean loved? As long as Dean was happy, then it didn’t affect Sam; and then who was he to judge? After all, you can’t help who you fall in love with, and it was so clear to see how in love the Dean and Cas both were.
Even if Dean had wanted to reply to that, he didn’t get the chance. The ringing of gun shots surrounded them, and everyone ducked in an attempt to dodge the bullets.
“The thought scares me,” Cas explained, in a bored tone. Dean just smirked at him again and leant forward to press a kiss to his husband’s lips. Cas moaned into the kiss, wrapping one arm around Dean’s shoulders to keep him pressed close and his other reaching down to pinch the man’s perk ass.
“Maybe we should give Dad a call,” Sam repeated. “See what he makes of it all.”
Castiel nodded, to show that he
Castiel carried on, almost as if he had not heard Dean speak.
~FORBIDDEN~
“How’s Jimmy?”
Sam laughed.
Dean had laughed, again unable to find the words to reply back with something just as witty. He stood their stupidly, opening and closing his mouth like a fish and blushed furiously when he had realised, he’s probably just blown it between them. But then Cas had asked him if he wanted to grab a burger or something with him, and Dean had grabbed the chance while he could.
Sam lugged another box out of the backseat of the impala, grunting with the weight of it. He briefly spared a thought to what was packed away inside but let the thought pass quickly, using his hip to shut the car door.
Castiel shuffled down the stairs, his pyjama trousers one-size too big, his feet bare and his dressing gown flowing behind him. He yawned, big and loud as he turned and entered the kitchen, shivering from the cold that spread through him once he set foot on the laminate flooring.
Dean chuckled at the man’s response, whining in pain and clutching at his ribs a second later.
“So, to begin with, can I take your name please,” Dean started, getting ready to start typing his interviewees answers. He had a notebook and a pen handy too, to take any additional notes, should he need to.
“I did not!” Sam cried. “I just said, it’s not what I meant when I told you to make a list!”
“Okay,” Dean stated, pausing to type some more for a minute. Cas desperately wanted to see what it was that Dean had written on his interview form. He doubted it was very professional sounding. “Shall we start the interview?”
The officer approached quickly, while Cas was still rummaging around in all the junk for the correct paperwork. He made Cas jump to high heaven when he rapped his knuckle on the window.
“It’s late Cas,” He tried to reason.
. He knew though that Cas wouldn’t even entertain the idea of such roleplay right now, his tone demanding an answer.
“Brilliant,” Meg praised, off-handily, once Cas had placed the pen back down. He accepted the visitor badge she held out to him. She then motioned to the seats to the right. “If you take a seat, I’ll let Mr Winchester know you’re here.”
“Please baby,” Dean tried, sounding desperate now. “Just come back to bed and snuggle.”
!” Cas spat, cutting across him. “I spent nearly two hours with Benny as he dug the bullet out of me and stitched me up!” Cas fumed.
“And you really are in love?” Charlie questioned, almost worriedly. “Like, he’s not forcing you or anything, Dean? Right?”
Dean squirmed, suddenly glad that he couldn’t just pop a boner. That was a bonus, if he was being honest. It was getting harder and harder to hide them, and around Cas – mini Dean decided to pop up like a hormonal teenager.
Castiel’s chest was heaving where his heart rate had spiked. He was breathing deeply and obviously trying desperately to get it back under control.
Dean was going to hold him to that – but first, he himself had to get through the rest of college and his own graduation before he thought about planning something as big as a wedding. (Well… the generously packed wedding file on his laptop was currently well hidden. There was no need for Cas to know, just yet, that that very night he had poured over countless wedding blogs and had saved everything that looked and sounded amazing!)
“Oh,” Dean exclaimed, half way through the movie. Cas looked up from the newspaper he had been reading to see Dean’s eyes on him, rather than the TV. “I love you.”
“Oh!” She cried, clearly shocked. Her cheeks turned even redder and she ducked her head shyly. “Gosh, I’m so sorry!”
Gabriel raised his eyebrows in disbelief; disbelief at his own brother.
“Sam!” Dean grumbled, waving madly at the bed, while still clutching his abdomen and scrunching his face in pain. “I am covered in
Sam let his laptop case slide off his shoulder and onto his mattress.
Cas laughed, shaking his head as he walked over to the seating he had been instructed to. As he sat down, he attached the visitors badge to his blue suit jacket. He should have expected Meg’s behaviour, to be honest; after all, she took every available opportunity to wind her best friend up. Cas was starting to regret applying here; the winds ups would never stop!
Sam furrowed his eyebrows in confusion and whipped his head round to look at his brother.
It wasn’t long before Dean and Cas came face-to-face. They didn’t often get to clash together like this when they were both at work; they tried to actively avoid each other if at all possible, not wanting to mix home life and work life. But sometimes, things just didn’t work out.
“What?” Sam shrugged his shoulder. “Both you and I know angels and demons take on both male and female vessels. Why does Cas having once used a female vessel shock you?”
“Maybe I just like the company?” Dean shrugged, accepting the white mug filled with the black goodness from his brother’s outstretched hand. “And who said they were all girls, hmm?”
Castiel stepped back slightly, a little shocked.
Despite everything the man had been through; despite the hurt and the pain, he always had a smile for Castiel each time the man entered the room.
Gabriel nodded, to show he was listening, finally they were getting somewhere. Castiel continued to shake his head.
Castiel looked up at his older brother through his fingers. He gulped.
“Daddy!” She explained again, voice hard as she clutched him.
Being at work all day, Monday to Friday, meant that he missed out on a lot of family time, so it was really nice to take out that one day a week and dedicate it completely to the ones he loved the most.
“Dean!”
“You know I’ll do anything for you, Cas,” Dean promised, scooting closer to the man until they were sat hip-to-hip. Castiel seemed to relax once he was this close and Cas slung his good arm around Dean’s shoulders.
“Just, maybe…” Sam paused, and Dean raised his eyebrows as he took a couple sips at the hot coffee. “Well, we’re pretty settled at the bunker know, this is our home. You could perhaps think about finding one partner – rather than bringing a different home every night?”
“Morning guys,” He greeted as they approached. “Sorry, I went ahead and ordered.”
“By whom are you taken, Princess?” Cas pressed, wanting to hear him say it.
“Widowed,” Cas repeated. “It’s the crime I’m going to commit later, when my husband gets home.”
“No, no…. I knew…” Sam muttered, looking from Benny’s amused smile to the almost black coffee in his hands. “I just... thought it was with a… a girl.”
“We need a fresh pair of eyes!” Dean declared, throwing his arms in the air as he collapsed on his bed.
,” Cas spat, uncrossing his arms and letting them drop to his side. He had cut across Dean, but he didn’t have time to listen to him ramble on; there was a project needing his dire attention at work right now!
“I’m insulted,” Dean gasped, the hand that wasn’t supporting Claire placed against his heart. “I just wanted to tell you I loved you!”
“Dean?” He called again. “I got you some stuff.”
Castiel choked, having to stop what he was doing.
“I’m currently considering one right now,” Cas stated confidently, crossing his arms.
“Good morning, Dean,” Castiel greeted the man as he entered.
Cas smirked, and although he could hear him he prompted again.
“Is this him?” Sam grinned, looking Castiel over properly.
The knocking continued. Dean tried to push Cas away, but got a warning growl in response.
Sam stopped. He had to re-read the list a few times before he could speak again.
“No one’s ever called me cute before,” Castiel commented once they were alone. He pulled a pulse reader out and attached it to the forefinger that Dean held out without being prompted.
Instead, a notebook, with a boxed pen on top was slid across the table towards him.
Dean looked ready to pass out. Sam didn’t know whether it was because of the pain he was clearly in, the shock, or the blood. And there was a lot of blood, over the bedsheet, and Sam had no doubt that Dean’s legs were covered in the red sticky stuff too.
And Cas really did love it. Ever since he was small he’d dreamed of a tall, handsome man getting down on one knee for him and proclaiming his love for him. It was all he’d ever wanted!
“Whatever, dude,” Sam sighed, sitting back down at the table. It had never been a secret that Dean had liked both sexes, Sam had been the one to point that out to Dean before Dean really knew himself.
“Bloody hell Cas,” Dean exclaimed. “Way to break our relationship to my brother!”
Dean hummed, before waving over a waitress so he could order his breakfast.
to shoot you Cas!” Dean exclaimed, voice rising to meet the volume of his husbands. “You kind of left me no choice!”
Castiel nodded frantically, glancing round at the small crowd that had gathered.
“G’morning sleepy head,” A light-hearted voice called from the kitchen island.
Castiel gulped and took a moment to compose himself. He knew for a fact that his face was red with embarrassment and he desperately wanted the floor to swallow him whole.
the Walls.
” Naomi nods in approval. “
“Probably got sent out by a certain someone,” Benny mutters, annoyed. “I can go with you on the business, get him to maybe run after us?”
Dean glances at the clock, Benny chuckling as he says, “It’s a few minutes, but it’s enough to worry. You do also look...well, different.”
“Ok, enough you two,” Dean says, moving to help them out, “stop calling my brother an amuser.”
“I’m sure we’ll get along well enough, respect each way,” Dean finally says, offering a smile as Sir Adler comes in, saying, “Ah, they...they’re all…”
Dean Winchester’s day is very laid back, compared to how his days had once been. He wakes up around the same time each day, though that’s more a habit he hasn’t quite broken just yet. He makes coffee, or if a child is up, something simple for them to drink while he comforts them about their nightmare or a bad dream. When Sonny gets up a bit later, he helps with breakfast for the rest of the kids that come in. From there, Dean either goes to work with the post office or goes to check for any other stuff that Sonny or the boys might need, or simply relax.
“Oh?” Castiel moves closer to him, reaching over to pull on some of Dean’s dark shirt. “You seem proud of yourself for that.”
“Cas,” Dean warned, voice quiet, weak-sounding, and pleading. “Stop.”
With that the man spun on his heel and all but ran through the house.
Sam couldn’t help the smirk this time.
“I might not be able to tune a car to your satisfaction, but I can cook eggs Dean Winchester,” Cas scolded, raising one eyebrow, but still leaning in to place a kiss to his lips, and one to Claire’s temple.
“Dean?” Cas exclaimed again, although this time in utter confusion. “What happened… why are you…?”
Sam chuckled and shook his head.
“You’re so cute,” Dean gushed, laughing again at his husband’s behaviour. He wasn’t a morning person, that much was obvious.
It was supposed to be an easy hunt; quick in and out. A demon casting spells on innocents and watching as the havoc unfolded. Dean and Sam had quickly hunted down the demon, and had happened to interrupt her just before she cast a spell on her next unsuspecting victims. Before they could gank her, she had turned the spell on them. They were both blasted with a bright pink light that knocked them off their feet. Sam was up again before Dean, and as Dean struggled to get his breath back, his brother drove the demon knife into the bitch’s heart.
When the waitress came back over a little while later, to ask them if their breakfast had been okay, Dean had turned his womanizer act back on, inviting her to call him ‘Dean’, and had accepted the folded piece of paper she had offered him; Sam
“I’m waiting,” Dean explained, calmly, but firmly, not taking his eyes off the laptop screen, his fingers poised over the keypad, ready to start typing.
“Shit,” Dean cursed to himself, as he started at the door Cas had left through wanting to run after him. “I’m never going to hear the end of this.”
“And?” Gabriel dragged the word out; as if to say, ‘what’s the problem?’
But as the weeks flew by, Dean hadn’t even passed the guy in the corridor or even across campus. He started to resign himself to having to let the beautiful angel go.
“Door,” Dean tried to explain, not being able to find the words through the heavy fog that clouded his mind.
Once breakfast was finished, Claire crawled into Dean’s arms. She sat herself down, resting her back against Dean’s chest; he brought his arm up to curl round her, in support.
“I am not calling Cas… he’s got enough on his hands at the moment with heaven!” Dean snapped, frowning.
She looked up at him, with a fond expression.
“I bet there’s something about whatever we’re hunting in Dad’s journal,” Dean grunted, picking up his last slice of bacon and taking a savage bite out of it.
He was so careful, keeping his touch light and professional, but Dean still gasped at the graceful touch. Maybe he was hurting down here, and that was why Dean was asking about his testicles? Although, looking at them, they appeared fine.
Dean whined in want as Cas continued to suckle and bite at his skin. The man, despite his arm still begin in a sling, was an expert when it came to Dean’s body. He probably knew the cop’s body better than the cop knew it himself. Dean wasn’t sure how long he had been under Castiel’s spell tonight; how long Cas had been driving him insane with just his mouth in every nook and cranny of his body, sending him through a wave of pure pleasure.
“I know,” Cas shushed. “But, I think you’ve got a lot of making up to do over the next few months, you know.”
“A period,” Dean whispered, in complete horror. He shook his head in disbelief. “No! What does that mean?!”
Meg screamed and fell to the floor, clutching at her left calf. It took Dean a moment to realise just what had just happened. Oh shit. This was not good.
“Interviewee displays signs of sarcasm. Might be a red flag.”
“Shut your cake-hole!” Dean snapped. “I’d like to see you go through this! It’s not pretty!”
“Princess?” Cas asked, voice quiet as he shredded his famous trench coat.
Dean cringed back at the yell. He wanted to apologise, needed to apologise, but Castiel wasn’t letting him get a word in edgeways.
“Gabe, what…?”
in fancy script and knocked a few times, before entering.
“Gabriel…”
"What?!" Dean cried, shooting up off the bed and dropping the cell in the process. "Shit! NO! Fuck!"
“WOAH! What the hell is going on?!” Dean cried, lifting his head off the bed. His hair was dishevelled, and eyes were crusty with sleep. He blinked quickly in Sam’s direction, but Sam wasn’t sure whether his brother was seeing him properly just yet.
“Dean, look,” Sam cut across him. “I don’t think that a sanitary towel is going to sit exactly right in a pair of briefs that are too big for you anyway. Wear the panties for now or get blood everywhere.”
Cas grunted and tried again, before toppling over and taking the police officer with him.
Castiel stopped, turning back round to face the patient that was propped up in the bed.
“My Daddy,” She told Cas firmly, patting Dean’s hand with her free one with a very possessive look in her eyes.
“Round two tonight,” Dean nodded, speaking as if this was a dumb question. “Where the fuck’s my jacket?!”
Cas reassured him.
Cas and Sam talked about the hunt some more, and agreed to get started together, properly tomorrow morning. All the while they were talking and glancing over evidence, sharing thoughts, Dean stayed curled up in on himself, watching them from over his arm.
Sam looked up from where he was scrolling through
Dean was suddenly beaming from ear-to-ear. He placed his hand over Castiel’s when the trainee-nurse went to take off the pulse reader. Castiel looked up at him innocently.
“Dean,” Sam exclaimed, almost in disbelief. “I believed you were in a long-term relationship with some girl named Cassie and then I find you in bed with a guy… excuse me if I was a bit surprised.”
“Charlie!” Dean breathed when he saw the familiar red-head. “What the hell are you doing at my house!”
Cas pursed his lips, looking at Dean and watching as the man squirmed under his scrutiny.
Sam glanced round the diner, making sure no one had heard his brother’s harsh words. Sam read the newspaper article with a deep frown before folding the paper and placing it on the table.
“Dean!” Cas exclaimed, almost jumping out of his seat, to snatch the laptop away from his meddling husband. Why had be even agreed to apply here? Could he really deal with working alongside his husband?
“Yeah, why?” Dean asked, sounding defensive. “We’re a family company, right?”
Dean’s head lifted slightly, eyes wide and innocent looking, as he sought out Sam. Sam could swear he had never seen such a look on his brother, and it was like looking at him in a whole knew light. He had let go – even during those few minutes of communicating with Cas… with his Daddy… he had relaxed some, despite the clearly humiliating situation he had currently found himself in.
“I’m fine, Sammy,” Dean huffed, glancing around the hall of students, almost disgruntled to see his precious comics all over the place. He was quite relieved and thankful to see there were a few people (mainly other older students in those disgusting yellow shirts) gathering his fallen comics. “My comics Sammy,” Dean prompted his brother, and was pleased when his brother started gathering the nearby comics.
John Winchester cut him off.
' of Siri activating.
“Now,” Dean started, already using his work-voice again. “Have you committed any crimes?”
“Pie?” Claire asked, eyes wide and pleading at Dean. Dean’s insides went gooey and he curled himself closer to the babe.
Castiel snapped out of it, shaking his head and gathering the items he needed to actually check the man’s vitals, like he had been sent here to do.
“It feels like forever since we last saw each other properly,” Dean complained, voice sad as they broke apart. He let his forehead rest against Cas’ and just breathed in his scent.
“John!” Mrs Winchester cried as well.
Castiel could have slapped his brother.
Charlie really did smile now.
Cas stood too, already forgotten his own meal. He too, seemed to have noticed the panties.
“You.”
Cas hummed, nodding once.
“Yeah, man,” Dean nodded. “It’s me.”
Cas’ gang was firing at them again in earnest; but Dean could not bring himself to pull the trigger again, on anyone. He knew that Cas was going to be okay; knew he had medical help on hand, always did. But he still hated himself for it.
“Seriously?” He asked. “I know Cas has been a dick, but I wouldn’t do that to him.”
Cas nodded, standing up again. He straightened his suit before heading towards the elevator, to make his way to Mr Winchester’s office; he didn’t need directions.
Castiel had finished college now though and was a fully-fledged elementary teacher, currently teaching his first class of 4
“That’s great Dean!” Sam exclaimed, excitedly. All this nagging was finally starting to pay off! He picked the book up to give the list a read; maybe he could help his brother achieve some of the goals he’d set himself. “I’m really glad you’re starting to…”
~TAKE YOUR TIME~
“Yeah,” Dean gasped at that voice. He was currently hard in his slacks, getting off on
Dean shook his head slowly. He swallowed before taking a few shaky breaths. Castiel watched, clearly understanding that the man was in pain right now. He hurried to the end of the bed and took Dean’s notes into his hand. He flicked through the pages to find the most recent.
“What do you want for tea?” Dean asked, as he dodged Cas’ punch with his forearm.
“Of course,” Dean smirked. “Have you got a problem with that?”
Castiel kept a poker face and reeled off Gabriel’s name and position on instinct. He even directed him to where Gabriel was mainly positioned today.
“Dean…” Cas gasped, all feelings of annoyance and frustration gone. All thoughts of work, and being late dwindled down the drain and the only thing he could focus on was his boyfriend and the box he was holding. He couldn’t quite wrap his head around it. “…What?”
Cas beamed at the pair.
The journey home had not been as pleasant as it usually was.
~SIRI(OUSLY)~
Despite his dislike for ‘chick-flick’ moments, Dean had tried talking with Sam about it the other day, but Sam someone had a counterpoint to everything Dean said.
“It is rather amazing,” Cas informed Sam casually, as if they were talking about the weather.
“All of them?” He asked apprehensively, almost scared of the answer.
Sam slapped his hand over his mouth and ran from the room, slamming the door in the process. He stayed there for a moment, catching his breath and could hear the stranger asking what the hell was going on and Dean explaining that their intruder had been
“Good morning to you too, Meg,” Dean mumbled, reaching towards the file and dragging it closer. He sighed at Meg’s knowing hum, but he continued to pretend that he wasn’t 10 minutes late. He knew why she was a little sour this morning, and that was because he had roasted her for being late just last week. But as it was, he was her boss, not the other way around.
This is what Sunday’s were truly about.
“You are not laying a single finger on her!” Dean ordered harshly. “Now calm down or I will send you out of the room so I can finish this conversation alone!”
Sam constantly had his nose in a book or was on his laptop, scrolling through the lore and his eyes were starting to feel tired from trying to decipher it all.
“I don’t think so, Dean,” Sam shook his head lightly, trying not to smirk at his brother’s reaction to all this.
A moment later, he looked up at Sam, smirking his signature Dean smirk.
Castiel felt his eyes draw wide, and his cheeks heat slightly.
“He of little faith,” Dean laughed, grabbing the file and turning to leave.
“I got you some stuff,” Sam mumbled awkwardly. He gulped and held out the box of tampons and sanitary towels. “I, um… there’s, uh, instructions on the box. And, here.”
“Good luck today,” Dean called again, pulling the front door open. “Love you!”
And then he had left the room. Dean listened as he unlocked the front door and pulled it open. He suddenly found himself not caring that Cas had a gun in his back pocket; he just wanted him back. He just wanted him to continue teasing him with his tongue and teeth. He already felt cold without him.
“Dude,” Sam sighed, letting all the tension leave his body. “I thought you’d been attacked or something!”
Cas had joked as he’d handed Dean back the last of his fallen comics.
“Sam’y,” Dean gurgled from behind his oxygen mask. “Go get a coffee or summit.”
He hadn’t arrived terribly early, but when he’d knocked on his brother’s door he’d been surprised when Benny, Dean’s roommate for the second year running now, answered. The guy looked worse for wear and was very clearly nursing a nasty hangover.
“Oh god,” Dean pushed his bowl of mac and cheese away, his appetite well and truly gone. He stood up abruptly. “I’ll be in my room.”
“Wake up sleepy head!”
“I keep it private for a reason, Charlie!” Dean spat, pushing past his husband.
“Uh,” Sam blinked at the outstretched hand before he took it in his own. “Hi.”
?” Castiel seethed. “You weren’t supposed to shoot me!”
“I guess it’s just going to take some getting used to,” Sam grimaced.
Every time he said something to her, she would smile and giggle up at him.
Dean came almost barrelling excitedly out of the building Sammy was walking towards, his hands now empty after carrying 3 boxes stacked on top of each other up to his new dorm room.
Subject: (RE) I quit
Right now, Dean doesn’t know what it means, but he’s pretty sure it’s positive. At least he hopes so.
But of course, Cas is nothing like John Winchester. First, Dean has never wanted to fuck his dad – and he doesn’t know why this weird thought just crossed his mind but he tries to forget it as soon as it does – and second, well. Cas actually appreciate Dean’s efforts. He doesn’t say it, but it’s there. Dean feels it. He relinquishes the feeling.
“Even worse, then.”
He’s tired.
On the last day, Friday, as Dean is toward the tail end of his heat, Cas lets Dean suck him off.
Sam frowns, “What kind of viable data can you get from that?”
“I was so under the delusion that, that humans were primitive,” he scoffs, not listening to Dean, so caught up in his feelings it’s like he can’t stop talking. “That I truly believed being one would be easy.”
“Wait,” Dean pushes out. “Sammy. I’m sorry, okay? I’m sorry I work so much, and I’m sorry I left you alone all this time. But this has nothing to do with Cas and I, okay? You have to believe me. It didn’t started because of Cas. I really—”
Uh, okay. He didn’t mean to be this angry about it as well, but here he is. Guess it struck a chord with him too. Maybe he’s just scared. If Cas’s lies are unravelling, what else will Amelia find out?
“You could say that,” he drawls.
The whisper leaves his lips, almost involuntarily, but he doesn’t want to startle Dean.
And goes to town. His fist flies around his cock, fingers plunging furiously inside himself. He can’t really reach his prostate like this, but it’s not a problem. He’s alright like this, everything is good, he feels hot all over, brows drawing in a frown of pleasure.
So, she’s the good cop. He nods, stepping back to let them in. He has no other choice anyway. They found Lisa, he’s sure of it.
“Do you think they’ll say something?” he asks, whispering as he bumps into Dean.
“Cas?”
“We’ll find a solution,” Cas offers.
Fuck, yes, this is it, right there, this is what he needs. His hand slides easily on his cock, helped by the previous sessions and the sweat covering his body. Dean knows he can come again, he knows, but somehow his body is fighting against him.
As a recompense, Dean supposes, he kisses his way down Dean’s body.
Okay. Okay. Saved for that last part, if Cas’s enjoying himself, then maybe Dean can hold on a little longer. He wants Cas to enjoy the view so much that he’ll have no choice but to break first and fuck Dean until Dean passes out from pleasure.
He stares at Castiel, clearly anxious to see what he’s going to say.
one of them gasps.
“Sammy,” Dean croaks. His throat is dry and it’s getting hard to breath. “You can’t understand, okay? Nobody can understand—“
If this was just part of the experiment, they could’ve let Amelia know, maybe. He understands Cas not wanting to involve his wife into the Study, but if it was really in the interest of their research then maybe… just maybe, Cas would have brought up the idea with Amelia before he asked anything of Dean.
Dean smiles, letting go of his hand.
Castiel only nods. When she steps back inside, he turns to Dean. “Your mom is very pretty,” he says.
Dean slams his whole body into the booth, laughing so hard his abs are hurting. He’s sweating like a pig from dancing for so long, the music is loud and he can barely hear himself, but he hasn’t felt this good in what feels like months.
“How are you, Dean?”
A framed picture of him and Sam, all his pencils, just to fuck with Adler, the nice ink pen he got from Amelia for his birthday, that he keeps in its box, in one of his drawer.
Dean doesn’t have a penny to his name, he’s not educated, and Castiel’s mother hates him. If Castiel was to leave Amelia for Dean, he would lose his mother, his friends, his reputation… probably his house as well.
“Dean,” Cas pants, interrupting his thoughts again, “Dean.”
“See to it, will you?”
Dean wants to savor it. He pictures himself pushing his fingers inside Cas, and his stomach seems to do a cartwheel inside his belly.
Sam throws him a smug look, “It’s two against one.”
The kiss is coming. Any second, now.
“Dean?”
He peppers Dean’s skin with small kisses. First, his lips, then the corner of his mouth, his cheek, his jaw, his neck. Dean hums with each one, closing his eyes to savor the sensations. Goose bumps rise on his skin, running along his neck, and Cas follows their path with his mouth. Slowly, he pushes Dean’s shirt off his shoulders, pulling it away, fingers grazing the bare skin of Dean’s arms. Dean shivers, and seeks Cas’s mouth again, blindly.
“I’m… I’m so sorry, Dean, I—”
. A wall of text appears on screen, and he tries to focus. But Cas is clearing his throat, and Dean’s eyes drift to him. He’s about to talk. Might be important.
“Yes. Yes, I did!”
“Hey,” Cas calls.
“Good. It’s working then.”
Dean finally finds it in himself to look Aaron in the face. He braces himself, takes a breath.
Cas stares, like he’s suddenly thinking about something.
When he comes to, he’s lying on his side, Cas’s very naked warm body draped possessively around his back.
, is on the tip of Dean’s tongue, but Cas’s words come back to him, or rather the feeling he got when the angel told him he was loving and kind. A fresh wave of tears slip down his cheeks. He opens his mouth to talk but he can’t, not yet, and he closes it, and waits until the tears stop.
Dean grunts, rolling his eyes. “That’s why I didn’t want to tell you in the first place. That’s not what it is and you know it. Just… I need to think about it, okay?”
It feels so good. He thought it would never happen again.
Nodding, Cas folds his legs under himself, facing Dean. He hesitates for a second, before reaching for the beer, bringing it to his lips with a sort of fiery resignation. He finishes it, one long gulp after the other. Dean’s impressed, and tries to smile at him, to make a joke. Nothing comes to mind.
No, something must have happened.
“Get up! We’re leaving!”
Just before they started cutting into the dog with actual knives that Dean took from his kitchen, Castiel felt the same way. The exact same way. He thought he’d never feel that ever again. He was wrong.
He’s at peace, senses turning on one at a time, until he realizes he’s now lying on his side, head on his bicep.
When they finally quit for the day the gale is still going strong, and the first thing Dean does when they get back to the ground floor is build a fire while Cas goes to shower. Dean sends a silent prayer of thanks that the bathroom has its own heater, and he hears it kick on before the door closes. It's like an icebox in the living room, but by the time Cas returns with his damp hair curling around his neck, Dean has a roaring fire going. He takes his own turn in the shower before cooking dinner, and though the TV is on while they eat, they can barely hear it over the continuing cacophony of the storm. Dean looks at the graphics during the weather report and grimaces at the projection.
“Hell, no, ain’t nobody ever gonna replace my gal.”
“I’m perfectly capable of taking a cab. In case you’ve forgotten, we’re no longer a couple.”
“Shut up. Not all of us know what we are out of the womb, you know.”
Dean huffs in begrudging agreement, foot kicking idly at the thick rubber mat on the floor behind the bar. “You know, I was terrified you were gonna burn the house down for the whole first month after I left for college.”
"It has to be them. Nothing else makes sense."
-- will be asleep on the cot in the corner, but he finds nothing there but a neatly folded blanket and relaxes. He sticks one end of a long piece of straw into the banked coals of the fire until it burns, then holds it as a candle while he searches for food in the larder, tucking a loaf under his arm and grabbing a bit of hard cheese and an apple in his free hand.
” he says, and she blinks at the venom in his voice. “Tell me what you understand about it.”
“Yeah,” Dean says hoarsely, pulling away with a cough. “Me, too.”
“Who are you?”
"Well," Dean says sheepishly, rubbing the back of his neck. "It's more accurate to say I stayed up all night, and it took until morning for me to make up my mind, but yeah. Okay. Point taken."
By the time they finish their food -- and even Sam can't restrain a smile at Dean's glee about having the top of his burger branded with a cowboy boot -- it seems obvious to all of them that this is just a normal case, nothing paranormal, supernatural, or otherwise.
"Acceptance is the first step to recovery, Winchester."
"I didn't ask him to!"
"This will never be me," he says to himself, just as a loud shriek echoes across the sky, and he realizes he’s lost the advantage he planned to have. He turns from the gravestones and dashes for the treeline several feet away, crashing into the foliage without heed.
“With all the respect I have for your Dad,” Dean cuts him off, “he doesn’t know shit.”
“His balls, yeah,” Pam answers. She’s chewing on her usual extra mint gum, to ward off the smell. “And his peen. Sloppy job, at that. I bet it was Dean.”
Dean snorts, an ugly sound that somehow resembles a laugh even though all he wants to do is bawl his eyes out. “Right. Great. Well, what do you want me to say? It’s done, right? It’s fucking great.”
If he sleeps, he doesn’t think, he doesn’t feel anything. He’ll deal with this whole mess tomorrow.
Sam looks around. Dean can’t say if he’s impressed or not. Kid’s been grumpy all day. He’s been grumpy for a while, especially when Dean talks about Cas.
“Alright,” Dean bends over him again, “Just making sure. I’m well on my way to Plateau and we haven’t even gotten to the good part, yet.”
“I just…” he trails off.
Speechless, Castiel stays frozen where he is, unable to move for a couple of seconds. Watching Michael destroy Gabriel’s self-esteem to the point where Gabriel actually believes he can’t live without him? It’s just impossible. Castiel has to do something. He has to.
He’s still smiling, on the verge of tears. He grabs his beer again, suddenly, holding on to it like it’s the only thing keeping him anchored in the present.
Sam steps closer to them, “You wanna take a break?”
Cas finally turns to him, his doctor-face on. Dean lets him look, and turn his head left and right, and look again.
“How do you want me,” Cas asks, all serene like Dean’s not about to explode.
Amelia finally managed to convince Cas to host a small party, so that she could meet Dean and Sam in person. Doc Adler is invited too, of course, and Novak’s mother will be there.
Dean very clearly exhales at this, which raises all sorts of alarm bells inside Castiel’s head.
He has lube on his right, there’s a couple of towels under Cas, he has everything he needs. Now he just has to make it less awkward.
“I’m pretty sure this is a conversation that shouldn’t have ended with you disappearing into the void,” Sam answers, and Cas hums.
Dean hums. Cas has a point.
“Nothing,” Amelia sighs. She brings her now full plate closer to her. “I just wanted us to spend a bit of quality time together. We don’t chat anymore. I miss it. “A beat, where she hesitates, then, “I miss you.”
He likes Aaron. In another life, he could see them building a life together. If only he could love Aaron as much as he loves Cas. If only it were that easy.
“You want to take a break?”
Dean hasn’t talked to him ever since Castiel picked him up from the train station, but it’s all for the best. Castiel would rather he keeps his wits for Michael, to prevent him from harming Gabriel even more than he already does.
He can’t touch Cas anymore.
“Shall we get down to business,” Cas asks, before kissing along Dean’s jaw.
“He can see everything except for what’s under his nose. You know that.”
“Well,” Sam hazards, “maybe you could… get a degree? Now that you know what to study.”
Christ. Will his cheeks stop heating up already? He’s like an open book when it comes to shame. Oh, but he can picture it. Every single one of these positions he can see, clear as day in his mind, with him in place of a partner. Novak pounding his ass from behind, leaving bruises on his hips, while Dean drools into the cushions.
Is this what a heat is supposed to feel like?
He tells him about the Clinic and the endless calls with the bank to keep it afloat.
“Yes. This is an exceptional case.” He finally looks up at Dean. He looks tired. “There’s nothing I can do for this woman. The damage to her ovaries is too important. If she was an Omega maybe I could…” he trails off, eyes unfocused. Dean waits, patiently, until the Doc gets out of his own mind. “It’s not important,” Cas says, coming back to Dean. “I can’t do anything. And you’re better with people than I am. If you’re the one calling her then maybe she’ll take it better.”
Castiel sits back against his chair, trying to take this all in.
He can’t even find it in himself to be mad about it. For once, he’s actually glad Sammy got involved. It got him right where he needed to be. In Cas’s arms.
“A little help,” Dean says.
“Hum…” Dean hesitates. “I wouldn’t call that a problem, per say…”
. “Oh.”
“But you didn’t have the same reaction.”
He methodically cleans the whole living room. It’s soothing, in a way, and when he’s done he feels suddenly empty. So, he thinks, maybe he can clean Gabriel’s room as well. And the bathroom. If he still feels like it afterwards. Yes.
“Oh, and Dean?”
So here there are. And Sam is not happy about it.
Well that’s what Dean’s trying to do anyway. He pours everything into the touch, and savors every move Cas makes in return.
She looks so lost.
Cas’s breathing is slow, relaxed. He lets Dean kiss him, only following his lead. Dean can feel his heart beating against his own chest. It’s almost like his own settles to Cas’s, their rhythm aligning with each other until Dean doesn’t know if it’s his own heart he can feel or if it’s Cas’s.
He puts his glasses back on. This should be her clue that he wants her to leave.
At that, Cas shakes his head, fond and amazed all at once.
“I heard,” Dean sighs. He’s sitting down, now, a spare chair the only improvement Castiel allowed to their after-hour office. He’s glad he is, or else he wouldn’t be able to hide the half-boner he’s sporting right now. “Careful of what?”
“Why,” Cas frowns. “Does it bother you?”
“How much would they give you?”
“I just—this is unusual. Coming from you.”
Somehow it emboldens him. He’s not going to kid himself, he knows he’s red as a cherry, but now the shame recedes, almost vanishing at the sight of the Doc. If it’s not awkward only for Dean, then it’s almost not awkward at all.
And Cas does something that takes Dean by surprise. He stops writing, right in the middle of his sentence, straightens up, and looks Benny dead in the eye. “I can’t say that I do. I enjoy it very much. But each to their own, as they say,” he adds with a fake smile, before going back to writing.
“I told you,” Dean answers, vexed anyway, “it’s just different.”
It takes a while before they nod. Reluctantly, but they do.
,” Cas had said, vexed, which at the time had made Dean laugh.
A full-bellied laugh escapes Dean. He hasn’t laugh that hard in a few weeks. “I don’t know if you were sheltered when you were young, Doc, but I can assure you, people can come from a good number of places.”
He’s aware of Sam being there again, and, before he takes off his pants, he has to take a second to convince himself that, yes, it’ll be worth it. And, anyway, he’s pretty good at this gay sex thing. He made Cas come on his dirty talk alone,
“Oh shit,” he whispers, and hides his face behind his hands.
And promptly hides his face in his pillow. “Sorry.”
Castiel smiles back, stretching languidly, neck arching like a beautiful cat. He presses a kiss to Dean’s chest. “I love you,” he breathes.
,’” he intones in his best impression of Cas, and Cas, as anticipated, looks properly offended, “
Dean nods, stepping away. “You’re sleeping on the couch.”
A beautiful watch, with a dark brown leather bracelet, a silver ring surrounding the watch in itself, and delicate looking silver hands.
His smile threatens to slip, but he catches himself quickly.
So that’s what it’s all about. Dean feels his shoulders relax a little. He wasn’t even aware he’s been tense. “Honestly, Cas, I’m fine,” he laughs. “You can keep it. I don’t mind.”
He’s slightly dizzy, but not in a bad way. His heart is beating fast in his chest, and he can almost feel it between his legs, too. He feels so hot down there, suddenly. Like Dean’s hand is on fire. But it’s good.
“Just drop it, okay? I just want to finish my homework.”
Cas has been opening bottles for them all afternoon, sharing every single one of them. He
“I’m not—” he starts, but he’s surprised by the sudden need to cry that comes out of nowhere. “I’m not mad, Cas,” he manages. “I’m not mad.” Cas looks up, somewhat hopeful. Dean lowers his gun, eyes filling up with tears again. “I’m not mad. But don’t ever die on me like this ever again, okay?”
“Do I have to be here,” Dean asks, uncomfortably, as they’re sitting on Cas’s bed.
He pulls Cas back, and they exchange a shy kiss. Sam’s mind is blown. His thoughts are running around in all directions, and he’s so caught up trying to figure this out, find clues as to
Seven thirty comes around and Dean’s sitting in the dark at his desk, heart hammering against his ribcage and nausea slowly but surely rising up his throat.
She purses her lips. “Why am I always the last person he talks to?”
Again, he was wrong.
Okay. It’s not hard to do the math here. Either the Doc masturbates every single night, or has sex with his wife –
Michael steps back, still holding onto Cas’s tie, and looks behind him. Dean is there, in the doorway, looking furious and ready to kill somebody. Gabriel is following, stealing glances in the direction of the living room to be sure Anna and their mother aren’t going to see what’s happening.
“It’s fine,” Cas finally says, turning to the two old guys. “Gentlemen, this is Dean Winchester, my research assistant.”
Of course, Dean’s not here for that. He needs to focus on his classes, because it’s only been a month of trying to reconcile classes and work, and he’s so, so tired. But he’s never felt more free in his life. It’s really strange. He’s… not happy, per se, but contented.
The party drags on for what feels like forever, but finally the other kids leave, and Castiel is alone with Dean again. Mrs. Winchester makes dinner, they eat some left-overs cake, and put on their pajamas. Once their teeth are brushed, they settle into bed. Mrs. Winchester makes a bed for Castiel, next to Dean’s, but Castiel always climbs in with his friend when she turns off the light. Tonight is no exception.
“It can wait a few weeks if you’re anxious,” Cas murmurs, kissing his collarbone. “I’ve waited for you since the moment I was created. I can wait a few more days.”
Dean is too dumbstruck to laugh. All he can do is stammer, “Your… your what now?”
And then they had a couple of days together, when it almost felt like things were finally getting back to normal between them. Dean has to hand it to Sam, he made an effort. They went out to dinner together one last time, and he let Dean fuss over him as they were packing.
“It’s okay,” Dean says, trying to keep his tone neutral as he quickly slides his head and arms through the holes of his shirt. “That’s why I wanted to ask before we did anything.” He finds his boxer shorts sticking out from under the bed and stands to put them on. “I’m glad I did.”
Cas snaps his hips against Dean’s ass as an answer. Dean barely holds back a moan.
“So… I… I don’t have any blockers on me,” Dean realizes.
Dean stares up at him, cock forgotten in front of him, “Okay?”
But most importantly, they have Dean’s notebook, going back more than a year, with patients’ names, some of their contact info, or some useful information on what they were seeing Cas for.
Alright. Okay. Dean’s going to do this. He’s going to masturbate in front of his boss. For science. Nothing bad to it, right? That’s what they do regularly, watch people jerk off, so why would it be different this time?
“You work too much,” Aaron says as he walks away.
They’ve been on the road for a couple of hours. He hasn’t spoken a word since they left the motel. “You won’t,” Dean says. “We won’t. Fuck, if we have to move to Australia we will! No way they’ll get us!”
“Not like I’m the settling-down type, anyway,” he adds. Because fuck him and his need to get the last word. Always.
With a curt nod, Dean closes his eyes. When he opens them again, there’s something calculating in the way he’s looking back at Castiel. And, God, Castiel wants him.
This has Castiel stop again.
This is very intimate, after all.
“That’s me.”
“Fuck, Cas! Fuck, fuck! I love you so much! Oh God!”
“Working with Cas, on the Study, it’s… you know about Freud, right?”
“What if I hurt you?”
Hopefully, a few days on their own should help Dean and Cas sort things out. Or Sam hopes so, at least.
Closing his eyes for a few seconds to show his contentment, Dean snuggles closer, if that’s even possible. When he opens his eyes again, they’re so close he has to go cross-eyed a little.
“I do,” Cas answers, almost reluctantly. “But as you can guess I’ve been fairly busy these last couple of weeks. So if you don’t mind, it will have to wait.”
The tour doesn’t last long. There’s only the lab to show off, after all, and Sam stays silent through all of Dean’s explanations.
And he disappears, sauntering off to whatever he does these days.
There’s an incredulous huff on the other end of the line, and Dean pictures Sam rolling his eyes at him. It makes him smile.
Their erections are bumping into each other, so Dean smashes them together by pulling on Cas’s ass.
He didn’t even think about that. When he woke up at noon, his heart skipped a bit when he realized he was late for work, but he didn’t think people would worry.
Ash pushes himself up, and closes the distance between him and Dean before Dean can say anything. The kiss is small, almost chaste, if not for Ash’s tongue poking at Dean’s mouth. Dean hums in the kiss, trying to show Adler he’s enjoying it. First he need to relax enough to be able to enjoy it, knowing that Novak is watching them.
There’s one unspoken thing on his mind. One unspoken person. Dean. Of course. Everything comes down to him, these days, and Castiel is a bit floored at how easily the omega insinuated himself into his life.
“Hm.” Cas pushes against Dean’s ass. Just a little tease. “What about with a partner?”
“Beside me, yeah,” Dean chuckles. “I mean, I could still join you sometimes. If you want.”
, does Dean come hard! The tight coil of pleasure inside him snaps, cutting all of his air, ecstasy pulsing through him, following the rhythm of his cock. And Dean being the sappy fucker that he is, can’t help bending over for one last kiss, releasing the filthiest moan that ever came out of his mouth between Cas’s lips.
Dean shakes his head, bowing his head to hide his laughter.
He wasn’t expecting his emotions to go all over the place just talking about it and the tears to be so quick to well up in his eyes.
And Dean can feel the verbal diarrhea trying to spew out of his mouth. “I was planning on giving you a heartfelt speech and everything,” he simply says. He can’t look away from Cas, scrutinizing his face for every little clue he can find. “But I guess, that’s all I need to say. I, huh. I love you, Cas.”
Dean shakes his head, “No.”
Dean huffs, “I’m not a child, Cas.”
When Dean understands the implications of Cas’s gesture, his stomach seems to coil under the sudden tension. But he doesn’t say anything, doesn’t move, because things are quiet and despite the small discomfort of guessing that Cas maybe has a breeding fetish, it feels rather nice.
“Please, sit.”
It takes Castiel a second, because his mouth is suddenly dry, but he manages a hurried, “Yes,” too eager for Dean to go on.
“Alright. Alright, Cas. I’m right here. Just… no bite, okay? Bad Cas, you understand?”
Slowly, he pushes the door open. The shower’s on, and the room is empty. Discreetly, he pads to the little balcony, puts his tray down on the plastic table, and arranges everything so that it’ll look more or less fancy.
“Hold on to me,” he growls.
Dean sniffs the air. Oh yeah, smells like him, alright. It’s so potent he could almost blush at how aroused he smells. But there’s nothing coming from Cas. Not at this distance at least.
“That’s very nice of you to say, Dear,” Naomi tells her.
The old guy looks properly outraged, now. “You have a child? Out of wedlock?”
He can’t believe he has to force Cas to shut up when they’re both naked and very clearly ready to go. He’s half-convinced Cas’s hard-on is due to all the science talk, not Dean.
He stays where he is, looking at his feet, and he paints a picture so pathetic, yet so cute at the same time that Dean absolutely cannot resist it.
“No offense, Doc, but I don’t kiss and tell.”
Dean nods. He follows Cas.
. Castiel sees red.
“See you soon?”
Speaking of Naomi, she stays blissfully silent for a little while. But, as Dean suspected, it wasn’t going to last long.
“I’ll admit, I sometimes forget it’s open. Or even that you’re here. You can be very discreet when you want to be.”
Fuck, Dean’s so incredibly nervous.
She raises her perfect eyebrows in surprise and turns to the others. They both shake their heads, so she turns to Dean again.
The Doc doesn’t answer this time. He just shakes his head, like he’s mad for understanding what Dean means, and almost stomps to the sink.
What if something happens, what if it doesn’t work, what then? Could they go back to the way things were?
They both go harder, making the bed shake so badly that, for a few seconds, Dean is scared that the headboard is going to punch a hole in the wall.
But he can’t, he remembers.
Sam’s eyes narrow. He nods.
“Yup,” She pops the ‘p’, “And little Castiel is nowhere to be seen. Neither is his boy toy.”
“It’s fine,” Dean frowns at him.
to work here to be allowed in.”
“Yeah,” Dean answers, voice a raw murmur. “I… yeah.”
“Cas,” he whispers, in awe.
-_-_-_-_-_-
He wonders if Dean took him seriously, or dismissed it as one of Castiel’s stupid idea, like he usually does. Maybe, if Castiel doesn’t mention it ever again, Dean will think it was a particularly lame joke.
“This is nice,” he says out loud, like an idiot.
Dean’s answer is an annoyed sigh.
“Don’t judge me, okay?”
Huffing, Dean shrugs Castiel’s hand off his shoulder. Henriksen sees it. “I… we… she’s…
To say that the next couple of days are bad would be an understatement.
“You don’t have to read them aloud if it’s just adverts,” Cas says in a weary sigh.
“I’m fine.”
“Sorry?”
But it’s done. They’ve done it. They made their own porno.
“I came to see you,” she answers, looking around.
“Don’t fucking start, Aaron, I swear—”
“Sorry, what?”
“Let me finish. The Study part of our work would usually happen at the end of the day. So, you know, we watch people have sex, we get horny. In our own little corner, alright?” He says precipitately. “Nothing untoward happened between us. But… blockers tend to fail after a long day. So we couldn’t help smelling each other. Sometimes.”
Dean stops breathing, a small, contented smile still on his lips. Cas’s vision blurs. His chest seems to rip itself open from the inside, and his face crumbles without his consent.
He almost has a heart attack when the video has loaded and Cas’s face pops up on screen.
Shaking his head, he looks down.
“So I think that the best way to avoid any more of that, and to ensure that we, ourselves, don’t transfer our desires onto our participants, that it would be best for us to participate in the study.” He looks up, his eyes finding Dean’s. “Together.”
Of course he’s not going to say that out loud, because if he did Cas would keep complimenting him with empty phrases, and Dean doesn’t want to hear it.
Dean huffs. “It’s okay, man. I get it.”
Dean almost gets distracted by Cas’s erection pushing further into his butt as Cas moves a little.
This show of vulnerability is so unexpected that Dean is struck dumb for a second, before he settles on, “Well, that’s what I’m here for.”
Castiel eyes his brothers, gauging their reactions. They look properly terrified, now. “I don’t see what that has to do with anything,” he says, looking back at Dean.
She grins. “But you’ll love me if we find something!”
A video
He’s scared.
“All we need is one couple, really. Just keep the research going, establish a basis, like I said, steps for the official part of the research. To keep the data alive.”
“I don’t know,” she answers, her voice small.
-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-
“Be still,” he growls.
“Please. I want to
With one strong move, he pulls Dean’s sweatpants off him like it’s no sweat. Dean’s body reacts with a shudder, and a tiny leak of slick.
“Hm… Dean. I…” Cas trails off.
“No, I understand,” he says. “If you had the opportunity, it’s good that you took it.” Of course, he doesn’t say that he’s disappointed, that he somehow assumed Dean would wait for him. But why would he? “What are you studying, then?”
Where Dean is concerned, it’s only because it feels strange and forbidden, and he needs a minute or two to wrap his head around what they were just doing.
“Yeah, yeah,” Rufus waves a hand at them. “Now get out of here!”
. And on that day Cas saw how scared I was and he coaxed it out of me and I guess… he just reacted on instinct.”
He shifts on his feet, and decides to lean against the wall. This could take some time. He knows something is bothering Dean, and it’s bothering him in turn.
-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-
“How come you know more about him than I do? We’ve been married for six years. Almost seven!”
“Two,” she answers, wriggling her fingers for emphasis, “Gabriel and Michael Milton. Name rings a bell?”
“Well, we could,” Castiel lets out. He keeps calm, and focuses on their participants behind the glass, as if he wasn’t about to give into his deepest desires, knowing full well he shouldn’t. “If we take care of this bond problem.”
Castiel takes a second to digest this, because he was very much earnestly trying to reassure Dean, and this makes no sense.
Somehow, the hour he took to empty his SD cards and set up his cameras again put him in a good mood.
She turns him around, pushing him toward the corridor. “Bedroom’s the last door right in front of you. Thank you!”
“Okay,” Cas nods.
“Stop it,” he snaps, realizing too late he’s echoing Michael’s words in the video.
Dean removes his vest, dumping it on the back of a chair, and starts unbuttoning his shirt. “About why you’re suddenly being a pissy teenager when you know we don’t have a lot of time left together.”
A lab. In a shopping mall. Great. Why the hell not?
“Wait,” Dean breathes, “lie down.”
Dean is so unsettled by this conversation that he almost forgot his manners.
Cas hums. He keeps caressing Dean’s hole, and Dean’s pretty sure he doesn’t do that to the rest of his patients.
And they go at it again, lips meeting in a melting hot kiss as they try to rid each other of their shirts. Dean feels like a kid.
“What do you mean ‘he doesn’t want you to do it’?!” Dean almost yells, incredulous.
“N—no. I, uh…” God, he’s parched. He wants to fuck himself on Cas’s finger. He wants to come. “I’m just having trouble staying still. Are you done?”
“Dean…”
“My boyfriend,” Castiel corrects. “He’s sleeping.”
Fuck! Dean doesn’t want to reach Friday. He wants to stay here, and work on the study and not be bothered by anyone.
He regrets it instantly. He’s not awake enough for the level of excitement radiating from Sam.
“That what?” Zachariah finally looks up at him, a sneer on his face. “That you’d spend, what was it?” He looks down at the report, “Fifty percent of your research time on Omegas climaxing? And for what? You think the medical community is interested in knowing that Omegas have sex differently? You think this is useful? This isn’t what you promised. You said this would help your fertility research. I don’t see it. All I see is smut.”
Cas shrugs. There’s a small smile on his lips. “I miss working with you as well. But you’re preparing for your future. This is worth a lot more than a simple job.”
There’s a long moment of silence, before he says, louder, “Dean?”
Cas shakes his head. “I know you. If you spoke up, there probably was a good reason. Friend or not, your employer should’ve seen that.”
Cas tilts his head on the side.
Never let it be said that Castiel Novak is not a passionate man.
Dean’s still scared. He glances at the clock.
Dean huffed and propped himself on his side so he’d be able to look at Cas properly.
“Can I do that again?” Dean asks.
“Tell me when you switch to different phases,” he just answers.
“I always forget how patient you are,” Cas deadpans, glaring at him.
All he can do is breathe in and out of his mouth like he’s about to give birth. He doesn’t know how long he sits there on his bathroom floor, but when the weird nausea stuck in his throat and the waves of heat finally disappear, he’s wide awake.
They’re both into it, very much into it, so there’s nothing left to do for Cas than to piston into Dean with renewed enthusiasm.
Castiel simply nods at that, relief coursing through him at the words.
“I wanna talk to Mom,” Dean sighs.
“Alright. Sooo… medical history.”
“You know, I’ve read the files. None of your secretaries lasted more than three months. You need me, Doc, so don’t try to scare me.”
Castiel avoids his eyes, for a couple of seconds. This, all of this, he’s thought about already. He’s turned the situation over and over in every direction possible and nothing seemed right. Except one thing. One small thing, that could keep the study afloat while he finds an official solution.
“I…” Dean starts, blinking at him. “I mean, I trust you, man, but… I don’t know.” He huffs. Briefly, his eyes catch Video-Dean and Cas making out, Cas melting into his arms like a giant, satisfied cat, while Dean slowly keeps stroking his soft dick. They
He rushes to the top floor, up to the Admin side of the building, and, secretly, he’s glad they bought the clinic, because the hospital has too many stairs, and the elevator is all but useless with all the times it’s out of order. The clinic at least did wonders for his cardio.
“Of course not,” Cas exclaims, straightening up suddenly. “I didn’t let her. Do you have any idea the amount of power it would give her? She’d think she’d have a right to tell us how to work, what to do… we can’t have that!”
Cause, yeah, there’s no way Dean is touching Adler in any way.
What is this?
. Holy shit, here he goes and Dean’s not ready for this.
Slowly, Castiel turns to him, pushing himself up. “And you’re an arsonist,” he answers, cold. His heart is beating hard against his ribcage. It hurts. “What does it have to do with anything?”
Aaron shakes his head and looks away again. “There’s rumors that he blackmailed his secretaries in exchange for sex,” he lets out through gritted teeth.
“I can assure you, it was just as efficient as a long speech. If not more.”
Dean eyes the chat, to see if he’s doing things right.
“I didn’t—”
“Am not.”
“Please,” Gabriel moans.
“You look like crap.”
So they choose their meal – and of course Dean is unsettled by the fact that he can’t see how much anything costs – and settle with a glass of champagne and some hors d’oeuvres as they wait for their entrée.
“Wait!” Chuck tries, but his voice gets weaker as he speaks. “Don’t leave me! Guys! Don’t leave me here! Dean! Sam!”
“Okay.”
Dean feels hot and cold all at once, like a great wave of unreality suddenly flushing him out of his own body. He doesn’t move.
It feels fake. But, really,
Yeah, he’s not pissed at them. He’s pissed at himself because of the fact that once the dream is not a dream anymore but a possibility, he’d rather stay safe in the little bubble of the things he knows than try something new.
“This is useless!” She slumps on herself, her glass of wine forgotten on the table next to her. “Talking to you, it won’t help me. Not with Cassie.”
Today is not one of those days. The only reason he’s held on for as long as he did is because his inner omega wants to make Cas happy.
“Right,” he breathes out. “I’m in.”
Dean is silent for a long minute. After a while, Castiel thinks he won’t answer. But, finally, he opens his mouth. “I convinced you to kill Gabriel,” he whispers, voice emotionless. “Now, we’re even.”
“But then how would I prove them wrong if it’s just the two of us?”
Castiel instantaneously feels better, and he hates himself for it.
Cas blinks at him, head tilting to the side, “I’m merely explaining the process—”
Dean wants it all day, every day.
“Cut the crap, Kiddo,” Gabriel sneers. His expression his hard, shoulders set in a hard line, arms crossed against his chest, “watch it, don’t watch it. I don’t care.” He takes a step back, letting his arms fall at his sides. “Have fun,” he whispers, leaving the room.
That’s all it takes for Cas to look down. He blushes, which Dean finds all kinds of cute, but would die rather than admit, and pulls his shorts up.
He’s getting hot under the collar, heat crashing up his face in waves. His stomach seems to be rejecting all the alcohol he’s drunk tonight. Holding it in is proving more and more difficult.
“I know it’s selfish of me to ask but… can I… can I kiss you?”
Maybe it’s just that Cas is realizing how dull their relationship is when they’re not working.
“Right,” Sam snorts. “Is that what you tell yourself so you can sleep at night?”
Cas gives him the stinkiest stink-eye look Dean’s ever seen on his face. “I want wha’ I do,” he snaps, before frowning at his own words.
“Calm down,” Cas admonishes.
He’s teasing now. He knows very well what Cas has in mind.
,” a lady reporter is saying, standing in front of Dean’s childhood home. “
And, okay, Dean would pay good money to hear this whole story, but he has an inkling, now that he’s faced with the bad version of the Look of Doom, that it’s not the time. Besides, he’s pretty sure if he waits a bit, he’ll hear about it very soon, seeing as how quickly Cas is downing his shake.
“How are you feeling?”
He lets out a guffaw of surprise. “That’s one way to put it,” he agrees.
“Yeah.”
Cas watches them leave. The look of concern doesn’t leave his face.
“Ah, Dean,” he sighs as he closes it. “I’m afraid this is hospital property.”
When Dean came into the room a few minutes later, Sam was pleased to see that his brother was now completely dressed, looking rather casual in his denim trousers and Metallica shirt. He also wore the hardest frown and look of contemplation that Sam had even seen his brother wear. He didn’t know of the internal battle that was going on in Dean’s mind, trying to figure out a way for him to still be with Cas and for his family to approve of him, despite their dislike for same-sex couples. He wasn’t sure that there was a way.
“Daddy,” Claire cooed, sweetly. She placed her hand right over Dean’s heart and yawned. Dean replied with a simple kiss on her head and a large hand cupping her back.
Dean had had a field day, the day he had found out Cas had once had a female vessel. Cas had to sit through endless puns and little digs for weeks afterwards. He didn’t mind, but the repetition was getting old fast, and Cas was worried that, although it was meant in good fun, some woman would overhear and take great offence.
“You know,” He exclaimed to her, conversationally. “I keep telling him that!”
“Always,” Cas chuckled, using his finger to tilt Dean’s chin up towards him before sealing this promise with another kiss.
“Well, I had a free afternoon once the kids had left and managed to leave work a little earlier than usual. I thought I should come and pay my favourite boy a visit.”
“I guess it’s time I introduce you to the iron, and how it works!”
late to work!” Cas cried, the panic from before only just returning.
“Get me all the information you have on the tip-off, and get the team together,” He ordered his highest ranking police captain. Meg gave a mock sault and stalked away to do his bidding.
“What?” Sam prompted again, feeling the worry starting to bubble inside him too. “Dean, tell me!”
This had to be the worst thing to happen to him.
Dean’s eyes flickered over to Sam, cheeks burning still. Cas used his fingers to gently guide Dean’s chin.
Cas threw the car door open, when Dean took a step back to allow him room. Other drivers were slowing down to some extent to get a better look at what was going on, and Cas wanted to glare at every single one of them; yet not as much as he wanted to glare at his boyfriend. Dean was going to be lucky if he wasn’t 6-foot under by this evening!
“Who is your boss?” He demanded to know.
“Uh, because it’s Cas!” Dean explained, but he didn’t get anywhere. Sam just went back to his dinner.
“A period?” Sam asked, unbelievably. Surely his brother knew what a period was? “The menstrual cycle? A girl’s time of the month?”
Dean had no option at all, unless he wanted to blow his cover.
“She served us yesterday,” Sam supplied. “Her and Dean got on
“I too will be in Dean’s room,” Cas explained, no shame in his words as he followed after his boyfriend.
“Yep,” Gabriel nodded, seriously. “You can go and check his vitals and take him breakfast!”
“Welcome to Campbell Enterprises. As I’m sure you’re aware, my name is Dean Winchester, and I am the CEO of Campbell Enterprises, alongside my brother Samuel Winchester, who can’t be here today, because I haven’t even told him about this interview, because he will accuse me of favouritism.”
“Pie?” Dean asked, eyes lighting up at the sound of that.
, Gabriel always found a reason to send his little brother in to see the cute, helpless patient, who was always asking for him.
“You’re due some more morphine soon,” Cas explained to him softly, hoping that this would help soothe the man.
Dean’s head snapped up.
“Excuse me?” Castiel asked, voice caught in his throat. He looked at Dean and realised that the man was dead serious.
“The good news is, I’ll have the rest of the day off. Fancy a late brunch?” He asked.
Castiel growled and flew to his feet.
The man sat behind the desk, stood up when he walked in, refastening his open jacket. He looked smart with his tight, tailor made suit that hugged his every muscle perfectly (and didn’t leave much to the imagination). He wore a blood-red tie, that was a sharp contrast to the very white shirt that he was wearing underneath. Even though Cas had seen him this morning, before he had left for work, he couldn’t remember Dean looking
“Who was that?” Cas asked as they took their seats.
“Great idea,” Dean puffed, raising his fist up high. Cas caught it in his own hand as Dean brought it down again. “I’ll order it when I get home.”
“Dean!” Charlie perked up when she saw him behind the mob boss. She didn’t fail to notice the covering of hickeys that Dean was sporting. She raised her eyebrows and smirked knowingly.
“Stop,” He ordered, but it was obvious that there was no real threat behind the tone. He glanced over Cas’ shoulder and his eyes clapped onto the wall clock. “Shit! I’ve gotta go!”
“No, I wasn’t,” Dean smirked. “But damn Cas; I think you broke my dick!”
“Hmm,” Cas stopped massaging Dean’s shoulders and leant down to mutter lowly in his ear. “Do you really want to have this discussion over my knee?”
Cas rounded on the window, and when he realised exactly who was standing on the other side, he relaxed. But merely a second later, his frustration started growing.
“I just want to cuddle,” Dean pouted, grudgingly picking up his pen.
“Yeah,” Sam blushed, tilting his head forward slightly and letting his hair fall into his face to try and hide his pink cheeks. “Thanks for that Cas. I did not need to know that!”
“I’m going to start with a few simple questions, if you could answer them to the best of your abilities and then we’ll get started on the interview, if that’s okay.”
“Okay?” Sam asked, looking up briefly as his brother entered the kitchen. He wanted to ask whether he’d managed everything okay; whether the panties were the right size… but he also didn’t want to embarrass his brother.
that her number was written on the inside, and watched carefully as his brother pocketed it with a huge smirk.
“Mmhmm,” Cas hummed, clicking his tongue against the top of his mouth. “What have you done; really?”
“Dean, I swear, I really am
“Sorry,” Charlie rolled her eyes dramatically, cocking her gun higher as they moved around the corner. “Shoot a girl for being curious. It’s just, I’ve never seen the guy! In the five whole years you’ve been married to him!”
No one was allowed to make plans on a Sunday, unless it was under exceptional circumstances.
“I promise Cas, I won’t let you down,” Dean promised a few minutes later as he slipped the ring onto his beloved.
This hunt was driving them both crazy. They were getting nowhere, running in circles, over and over again.
“Cas, Sam found my to-do list,” Dean declared, before Cas even started making his way down the stairs. “He say’s that’s not how to-do lists work!”
Dean groaned, and now placed his head flat on the table.
Sam looked up when Dean threw a file onto his desk.
“Good morning, welcome to Campbell Enterprises,” The cheery woman greeted. She was good looking, pretty and held a huge smile. She appeared to be easy to talk to, easy to approach and had a friendly face. “Sorry to keep you waiting, how can I help you?”
“I am an angel of the lord,” Cas explained, without missing a beat. He didn’t have a specified gender in regards to his true form.
The family of three tucked in to the breakfast, Claire climbing back across the bed to sit between her two Daddies.
“Girls are a lot stronger than we give them credit for,” Sam explained casually, standing up and heading towards his own bed. “Stronger than anyone gives them credit for.”
“Who are you?” Cas asked, hand subtly reaching round himself until he had a good hold on the gun tucked hidden away.
“I should be your only boy,” Dean grunted, possessively but teasingly.
“I’m sorry for the shock Charlie,” Dean started eventually, after the awkward silence had enveloped them for too long. “But you won’t be changing my mind about who I love.”
Dean couldn’t help the small smile that graced his lips at the sight of his boyfriend, dressed only in his boxers and asleep on the bed. He was atop of the comforter, tiny-almost-silent snores leaving his nose. It was a sight that Dean wished he could wake up to every morning and go to sleep to every night.
“Dean!”
“I love him Charlie, and he love’s me.”
~COMIC BOOK LOVERS~
Or at least… tried to take Dean’s hand.
“Miss you too, Jerk,” Sam laughed.
“Nothing… it was…” Dean stammered, and didn’t know what to say. Sam cut across him.
“It’s true,” Sam defended himself. “If you had just organised your time better on our last hunt, we both wouldn’t have been so close to death!”
“Good morning Mr Winchester, Sir. Your 10.30 is here.”
He began pottering around the kitchen, thinking about what he himself needed to accomplish at work today, when his mobile rang. He scanned the called ID with a frustrated sigh. Whenever his employee Kevin called, it wasn’t good news.
voice and the humiliation of it all. “I mean… no. Yeah. Kinda.”
Cas replied by taking Dean’s face in his hands and pressing a long, breath-taking kiss to his lips.
Shit.
“That’s fine Sam,” Cas soothed in his gravelly voice. “But to answer the question; between my legs? On a good day,” He paused. Cas pointed towards the older Winchester. “Him.”
Dean moaned at the promise, and threw his head back, giving Cas access to the bare skin there. Cas quickly got to work, peppering kisses to every available inch of skin he could find.
Looking at the wall clock, Cas worked out that he had a few hours to get ready before his job interview.
“What did I steal?!”
“Good morning, my sweet girl,” Cas greeted back, reaching over to take her as Dean climbed back into bed himself. “Did you sleep well?”
“Thank you darlin’,” Dean smirked with a wink as he took the black coffee from her hands.
As she left the booth, Cas approached it. Dean rushed to his feet to greet his husband.
Dean groaned from somewhere underneath his husband, at the recognition of that noise.
“Comics.”
“Yes. Yes, I think so,” His voice was deep and strong, and rolled over Dean with confidence. Dean had never heard anything like it, and he instantly loved it, craving more. And then the older student clapped eyes with Dean. “Are you?”
“Dean, honey,” Cas sighed playfully. “I’ve got some errands to run this morning for work, okay?”
“Yes,” Dean whispered after a moment.
The shower switched off a second later, and Sam could hear Dean moving about.
The door above them cranked open, and both brothers stood on guard, relaxing as soon as they saw it was only Castiel.
“Woah, hey,” Dean looked up. It was a very beautiful woman, who must have only been a year or so younger than him. She was stunning. “Sorry Miss, that seat’s taken.”
“Good morning gentlemen,” She paused when she spotted just who she was serving. She immediately thrust her chest out. “Dean!” She gasped, excitedly. “Hi!”
“My name is Castiel Novak,” He informed the man politely, introducing himself. “I’m a trainee nurse, and I’ve worked very closely with…”
” Dean cried. “Cas! That’s overdoing it a bit, isn’t it?”
“Well, I’m just wondering… are you actually a man… or a woman?” The question was actually asked really innocently.
Across from them, in the abandoned warehouse, was the Novak Gang.
“You.”
“You Daddy,” Dean gasped out, speaking loud enough that Sam could clearly pick up what he was saying. “I belong to you, Daddy.”
“Excuse me?” Dean cried, dropping his fork and letting it clatter against the bowl.
Dean shivered at the voice. Cas’ teacher voice was so hot, and it made Dean desperate to roleplay. He’d so be the naughty school kid who got tipped over the teachers lap for being disrespectful and using the excuse
“I wasn’t expecting to see you today,” Dean mumbled quietly into Cas’ neck. “Not that I’m complaining.”
“Sam!” Dean exclaimed, squawking with embarrassment. Sam just continued.
Dean couldn’t hold back his laugher anymore, but both Sam and Cas completely ignored him.
