Whatever, John thought, slumping back into his seat and looking out the window moodily. A part of him missed the Highlands, anyways. Maybe a bit of sea air would do him good.
“Oh good it looks like he’s wakin up. That’ll be perfect for the photo.” John could just barely hear one of the stooges say. He didn’t know which it was. It sounded like Steve. Maybe. Was that even his name?
In the brief window of running around the block to the opposite side of the alley, Finn had gained the upper hand once more. He was holding John up by his shirt collar and beating the shit out of his face. The doctor looked exhausted. He wasn’t putting up any fight as the animal holding him socked him in the jaw, the cheekbone, the temple, the nose. John was making a noise each time a new hit was landed on top of him. It sounded kind of like a grunt, but as the ringing died down in Sherlock’s ears he could recognize it as a moan. John whimpered, his body being thrashed to either side as Finn brutalized him. The attacker’s knuckles were glazed red. John’s previously tan jumper stained an ugly mix of orange and red.
Sherlock focused on the second brother when they reached a stop sign. They stopped longer than usual to argue with one another. The smaller brother had three scratches on his cheek. They looked like nails.
Sherlock shook his head. “You have to stay awake with me, John.”
“Dorn’t call me a boy, Hamish.” John said through grit teeth. “Aam nae a feckin bairn anymair.”
“Could..” John was shaking his head. “Save ‘im. A-Ad-” Sherlock lifted his head slightly, looking at John and down at his lips. “I... I could’ve..” The doctor was trembling. Sherlock made the connection with more effort than he would have admitted.
John laughed. “What? I thought it was smooth.”
John’s face fell. He let go of Hamish instantly and let him lay limp on the rocks. John looked shocked, the anger had fell out of his bones so suddenly it left him numb and lifeless. He could see himself without needing a reflection. The anger boiling out of him, bent over someone weaker than him ready to strike. John was horrified with himself. He leaned back.
Finn currently had his hand on John’s face and was pushing against it in some kind of attempt to wrench John off him. John huffed in reply.
“No, John!” Lestrade yelled. The doctor hadn’t thought which way to run. He had acted immediately and was coming back where he came. He shouldn’t be running on the ice. “He shouldn’t be running on the ice!” Lestrade said, panicked.
John swallowed and pursed his lips. His hand came up and covered where Sherlock was holding his jaw still.
John blinked and made a slight noise. He needed to know what he looked like. The doctor went to speak, to even just move his lips, and found they weren’t listening to him. They felt numb and heavy too. It was strange. It felt like his lip was being pulled up by an invisible hook.
John’s cheeks were more than dusted after that. He blinked and turned his head away a bit. “Christ, Sherlock,” he murmured. “You know, when you give a compliment-“
The biggest and scariest stooge had wailed on John so hard the doctor forgot his name. He felt a sharp rock dig into his cheekbone. He felt his body being jerked this way and that as a new part of his face was ripped open by a silver band and a 10k diamond studded knuckle.
“Greg! Fucking let me figure it out or tell me where to go. I know you found him. I know it’s bad. I saw the fucking pictures too! Now tell me where those imbeciles kept him.”
Right now though, Sherlock was regretting inviting both of them.
Finn was stunned as John struggled to turn him over. John clearly had the power in this position, though. He straddled the larger man’s back and pressed his head into the concrete as he went to grab his cuffs he had stuffed in his trousers.
It was dark in the bathroom. The only light that came in was from under the crack in the door but even that looked obscured somehow.
“John-“
“I dunno, Sherlock.” Lestrade pitched in.
Distantly he could hear sirens.
The trans man named Adam they had been meeting with during the course of the case. John had grown attached to him. He even admitted feeling responsible for him at one point after Adam told Sherlock and John his first encounter with Finn Thompson. Adam had been scared for his life and called Sherlock and John out here. Sherlock and John had immediately started the search for Finn on the streets, hoping to run into him before Finn caught up with Adam. Finn had gotten to him first.
Very funny. GL
Let me sink, he thought, I’m tired of treading.
John made a noise.
John cleared his throat. Sherlock nodded again and waved his hand. It was his turn to think for a moment.
“Practice I suppose.” He answered finally, his breath airy and quiet.
When he could see a tiny bit better (his reality still a little blurry with red around the corners of his vision) he was met with Bobby’s sweaty, concentrating face.
“Used to go skiing around here.” Greg said after ten minutes of silence. Sherlock groaned at the small talk. John shot him a look that neither man saw.
John blinked. He hadn’t said anything.
Except when he wasn’t.
Sherlock kissed John’s collarbone and nodded again. He slipped out of bed and returned to it to find John sitting up fully and rubbing a hand through his hair. He was looking down at his phone but closing his eyes sharply. Sherlock crawled onto the bed and John opened them again. He grabbed the glass and pill and made a noise in his throat.
John sighed loudly and shook his head. He turned back to their dishes. Their dishes, mind you. Not just John’s. Fact it was mostly Sherlock’s...
John had a broken cheekbone, a fractured rib, a concussion caused by blunt force trauma, severe bruising to his face both external and internal, a broken nose, a chipped tooth, and many stitches across his left cheek going up to his cheekbone. Remarkably, he was alive.
“I said I’m leaving.” He grabbed his coat and dropped a few pounds on the table. He turned around and went to go out the way the old man had before he stopped, made a sharp turn, and left through the exit on the other side of the cafe.
“Isn’t that blood? I saw it when they passed a light.”
John had started trembling without knowing it. Wordlessly Sherlock sat up. He lowered John’s head gently and took his hand away. Sherlock then called for someone and the same man from before entered the room. Greg. It was Greg. Right.
“Then again, I dunno if it’s a good thing or not to be a mystery.” John said quietly, suddenly feeling like he needed to whisper.
John fell into blackness a few moments after.
“That bad?” John had murmured.
It happened really quickly. One moment the guy was still. The next he was whipping his fingers up to his bloody mouth. A piercing whistle shot through the air. It was loud even for the men on the other side. Sherlock furrowed his eyebrows. What the hell was-
“So what, we’re just gonna walk across the bloody lake?” The detective inspector hissed.
John’s confident persona faltered. He turned his wicked grin into a soft smile and kissed Sherlock gently. He practically melted into the man under him as they kissed. It was all soft touches and warm bodies as Sherlock settled John backwards into an opposite position than before. He pressed himself down over John and kissed right below his ear. John shivered a little.
“Yeah? an' aw ah see is th' sam hateful man ah left behin,” John shook his head. He turned around. Sherlock could almost hear the screeching noise it emitted to wrench himself from the situation.”Main en,” John said, apparently to Sherlock, “we’re leavin.”
“Aye...”
“Wait! Let him handle this. They haven’t seen us.”
John slowly became aware of a burning sensation right where Bobby was focusing his attention. The more the tugging, burning, feeling went on the more John became aware of his situation.
“John-“ Sherlock tried to warn. He was pressed against the fence. “Stop it.”
“Now... I know you didn’t…” he said darkly to Sherlock. His voice was deep and a different tone than anything Sherlock had heard out of him before.
“M not mad at you.” John murmured, quieter than last.
John sniffed and regained some of himself. They could hear sirens and the voices of a familiar and frustrated detective inspector.
Sherlock was silent a long while, fiddling with a dirty mug that John ended up taking from him and replacing it once it was clean. The silence seemed to comfort John a bit. Perhaps he thought he won. Sherlock regarded his partner: The doctor had come home about an hour ago. It was freezing outside but John had walked his commute home because he was an idiot that thought fresh air was good for him. He entered a sweaty mess and was currently in just his tank top and pajama pants. His hair was still a bit wet from the shower and Sherlock made a note of the colors his hair was at each stage of drying.
“Can I say something?” Sherlock said as John brought the glass to his lips. John grunted his affirmation and took a sip. Sherlock watched his throat swallow before he spoke. “Your accent is sexy.”
It was silent. Sherlock shifted around on the bench. The breeze ran across their faces and Sherlock watched as it brushed away John’s hair. He rarely ever saw John like this: He was anxious and jittery. His leg twitched up and down rapidly as if he were ready to take off into a sprint if anyone said anything wrong or if all hell broke loose. But it was a calm day. The sea barely spoke. There weren’t gulls yelling and the fishermen were sitting lazily in their boats. Nothing to bite. Sherlock knew different though. It was about to be a horrible day for his partner and it had taken him this long to figure it out. God he could be so stupid. He really should listen to John more. Sherlock rubbed his hands together and turned swiftly and fully towards John. He opened his mouth to speak.
“No. Rubbish.” Greg chuckled. “I wanted to snowboard because it was cool, y’know.” He looked at John who grinned back. “My brother could so I wanted to.”
There was a noise coming from his lap. Sherlock dropped his phone once the messages were sent and gently brushed his hand against John’s forehead. John was stirring slightly. His body wriggled on the ground, both legs curling up as if they were trying to push against the stone. John’s lip was swollen on one side as well. When it trembled open to let a soft moan escape, blood trickled down the corner of his mouth.
“John, you’ve been obsessing over your face for the past two weeks.” He pressed his nose into John’s hair. “You need to let yourself heal.” He tried to tug John backwards in an attempt to lead him back into the warmth of their bed. It took some coaxing and a promise of a back rub, but Sherlock slipped under the covers with John and pulled him back against his chest.
When it was all over Sherlock decided he’d come home with John too. It had already been a much more eventful trip than planned, and they were en route to catch a murderer. He told Lestrade he was off the case. He did not say why.
John was suddenly breathing hard. He stopped walking next to Sherlock and turned to face his father that had turned himself towards the sea. John’s chest rose and fell sharply and he was making a harsh noise with his nose every time he breathed inward.
“What has it been? Ten years, Johnny?” The older man said, laughed and scratching at the stubble growing around his neck.
What a bloody nightmare, the doctor panted to himself.
Down, down, down.
“John, John, John.” Sherlock was repeating. The detective was pulling John closer, rubbing at him all over and wiping the hair off of his forehead. John’s stubble was already frozen over with a sheen of ice. His hair was hard and brittle. Lestrade was on the phone with the police but came over and dropped his hat onto the two men. Sherlock put it on John instantly. John presses his head against Sherlock. His body curled up onto him as he shook.
And what about his drinking? Or his patience? He had a lot of it, sure, but when it ran out... Boy, when it ran out.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m… I'm sorry. I should’ve… listened to you.” Sherlock was stumbling over himself and he knew it. He looked down at John and found him grinning. “What?”
“Not if you scowling at your tea is what you consider peace.”
“Know where it is.” John cut in.
He blinked slowly and groggily at the tile below him. His clothes were filthy and covered in dried blood. For some reason John couldn’t get himself to lift his head. It felt heavy and rigid. Before he could even get a chance to try someone put their hand in his hair and yanked him upwards.
“-Ye better be ready tae swim efter ‘at, loon,” Hamish said angrily.
“Because I read.” Hamish rolled his eyes. “You don’t think I'd let a news article all about my son and his…” he looked at Sherlock a moment, “friend go unnoticed eh? Knew you’d always be a writer.” He tried to wink at John but must have thought better of it.
“Only gets better,” the detective continued, “average build. White. Late sixties to seventies. The only witness to the first murder was killed two days after he reported the crime.”
John was on top of Sherlock instantly. He was kissing at his cheeks and down his neck while his partner practically squirmed and giggled under him. When John was satisfied he brought his face up and pressed his nose against Sherlock’s.
So i’ve been working on this one for quite a bit. I kept putting it off because one it’s a selfish fic tbh and two i didn’t know if it was interesting enough to post. I decided i’d finish it tho because well... I like it. Hope you do too.
“John, John, shh it’s alright.” Sherlock cupped his face with his hand. “Calm down. Breath with me.” Sherlock grabbed onto his hands now and pressed them to his chest. “I got you. Okay?”
“No, not all of us. Somebody smaller perhaps”
“Usually this silent?” Lestrade asked. There was a crinkling noise of Greg looking at the both of them for a moment. They were all bundled up tightly. Any movement sounded like ten pieces of velcro rubbing against one another.
He was barely conscious. His entire face was coated red. Sherlock dropped to his knees next to his partner and gingerly scooped up his mangled head. He placed John on his lap gently and undid his scarf.
“Yeah? I was askin Greg.” John sucked in a part of his lower lip. Sherlock’s head moved slightly. John couldn’t see he was echoing what he said silently like a child would. Greg raised his eyebrows a bit.
He stopped dead at what he was met with.
“You’re in the middle of London.” Sherlock supplied. “Behind a housing complex.”
“I fucking hate snow.” John muttered.
John looked back at Sherlock. “You’re joking.”
His doctor brain told him he had lost a lot of blood and suffered a lot of blunt force trauma. He was bound to be groggy and barely there right now. He didn’t know what kind of damage had been done to his face, but he knew it wasn’t helping. Any kind of infection could be affecting him now.
“Yeah?”
John suddenly spat blood and saliva up at Finn. Finn cursed and leaned back to wipe it out of his eye. Sherlock made a high pitched whistling noise that made the attacker look up sharply in the detectives direction. John seized his chance and used all of his strength left to throw Finn off of him. He yelled, throwing himself back at the larger man.
“Sher-“
John was staring at himself in the mirror. In addition to the bruises that had still not healed all over his face, he had three new scars to join his gallery of a body. One that was a jagged line from brow to eyelid. One that curved from cheekbone to cheek, and one that curled over the corner of his jaw.
There was a muffled but hard thump. Sherlock cursed and was thrown off balance. He turned and smacked John back on the leg.
“...’m not scowling.” John pushed his plate away a bit and looked out to the ocean. “What’s our bloke look like anyway?”
There he was protecting Sherlock when a gun was pointed at him.
John blinked at him in confusion. His hand was still resting on the brick wall. He had been punching for so long and so hard his knuckles were bleeding and leaving a mark on the already red brick. Sherlock deduced something that frightened him and kept it to himself for once. He had deduced very early on in their friendship that John self harmed at one point in his life. He had never connected exactly how he had. Sherlock again wished he could keep his eyes from seeing.
“See the beautiful thing is,” he reached out and cupped John’s jaw. John tried to shake him away but couldn’t pull far enough.
“Is it?”
“-I mean it.” Sherlock finished for him. John was looking at Sherlock’s lips. They were much closer now and Sherlock was looking down from  just that bit higher with him being on the counter.
“At least one of us. We have to make sure no ones in that house besides the brothers.” Sherlock crouched and trained his binoculars on the car parked in the driveway.
“John please. Now isn’t... I can’t...” Sherlock looked panicked.
“You fucking faggots.” Finn spat, his own bloody nose making a mess of the ground. “I’ll kill you just like I killed that fucking tranny.” John stilled.
John’s lower lip was trembling. His hand in Sherlock’s flexed, digging into the other man’s hand.
“Yes. If he goes too quickly he might disturb the-“
“Sherlock.” John groaned, knowing he was just teasing.
“Jesus, Frank, we forgot he was a doctor!” Stooge number three shouted. Frank was sitting on the lip of a decrepit looking bathtub inspecting his fingernails. He shrugged in reply.
“John.” Sherlock repeated. He lifted the scarf carefully to John’s face and wiped a section of his forehead off. Blood and sweat were matting his hair and the detective did his best to push as much of it as he could away from his face.
Sherlock shook his head. “I’m not.”
Cobalt blue eyes stared at Sherlock for a few moments. Sherlock could feel his throat closing. He’s seen those eyes before. Hamish didn’t seem to see anything other than a stranger staring at him funny. He sniffed, the corner of his mustache moving upwards, and turned to leave. His hold on the thermos had moved and Sherlock could see what was written on the piece of tape now:
They were sitting in a cute little cafe that looked out to Mòrag Harbor. That’s how a group of little girls had described it to John and Sherlock when they asked where it was, so that was how they were to describe it from now on. John ran his finger on the edge of his cup of tea. He was watching the milk inside swirl and was caught up in his own thoughts. Distractingly so, according to Sherlock.
“Oi Donna! D’ya mind if I steal this chair away from ya for a ‘mo.” A commanding voice suddenly erupted in the room. Sherlock huffed and John shook his head, smiling a little and turning towards the source. The man shouting had an old sounding voice. Like he had just finished a large cigar and stumbled in out of thin air.
“Oh,” Hamish huffed, cocking his hand to the side and lowering it, “come now, captain. It’s been a long time. I know-”
John’s vision swam against the tile floor and he closed his eyes. He heard thumping and the sound of heavy things being lifted and moved.
“It’s okay.” John whispered.
“Hey, shut up!“ the first stooge, Steve, had re-entered the bathroom. “Bobby you finish stitchin him up. If he aint out when your done you knock him out.”
“Are you alright to stand?” Sherlock offered. “I’d like to go home and make us some tea.” He whispered into John’s hair.
When the morning came and they were pressed close once again, Sherlock whispered in John’s ear.
“You ever gonna let me think in peace?”
“Well, here I am.” John continued to bounce his knee.
“Everything on their social media pointed to them coming back to their cabin tonight.”
Lestrade chuckled. Sherlock rolled his eyes. “When the case calls for it.” Replied Sherlock, seriously.
Hamish made a noise in the back of his throat. “That what you’re calling it?”
“Really. We could call you scar face.” Sherlock smiled against his neck.
“The fuck is up with you lately, huh?” John crossed his arms. “What are you so cross for? You’ve been a child this entire trip.”
“Where, Lestrade?”
Sherlock was in shock. How so much havoc and pain could be inflicted in the span of two minutes was horrifying. The gears in his head started to turn again as John was wrenched to the side. Finn hit him against the cheekbone and John fell fully on the stone under him. The monster picked him back up by his now loose shirt and hit again.
“Why not call him lassie while you’re at it?” Hamish smiled and took a sip from his thermos. Sherlock immediately looked at John. John who was shaking holding himself back from throttling the old man in front of him. When the general was finished with his drink John grabbed his thermos, reeled back, and chucked it into the ocean.
What felt like a thousand years ended with John quietly slumping fully on the ground. His muscles had had enough of being balled up for so long that they had given up on him. John grunted slightly upon impact. Sherlock touched his shoulder softly and John didn’t react. Sherlock hooked his hands under John’s armpits and lifted him gently off the ground. He pulled him against his chest and didn’t say anything as he cupped his nape. John breathed in the crook of Sherlock’s neck and sighed. He slumped forward, pressing his face there and reaching until he found purchase against Sherlock. Sherlock held him back.
“No. Does he?” Lestrade was following the car with his head. John didn’t have any binoculars on.
He rounded the corner to find John fighting with the suspect. Sherlock ran forward and collided with a chain link fence he hadn’t even registered was there. He was too focused on the blood on the ground and pin pointing who it belonged too.
Sherlock banged against the fence in frustration. He tried to reach in his pocket but Finn pressed down harder, wrapping his fingers around John’s throat. John gasped without meaning too. He grit his teeth and tried to pull his head away. Finn scowled and lifted John’s head by his hair with his other hand and slammed him back into the ground. John made a noise that could barely be heard over Sherlock’s shout of anger. The doctor’s eyes fluttered slightly.
John kicked him in the face. His foot connected solidly right in the middle and the guy fell backwards like a ton of bricks. Sherlock flinched at the sudden cracking noise, turning to see John standing over a middle aged man moaning and rolling around with a bloody nose. His eyebrows rose.
John choked on his next sip. He sputtered and hacked until he was laughing. He shoved Sherlock backwards playfully and leaned to set down the glass.
John cracked an eye open and peered up at Sherlock. He closed it. John thought for a few moments.
“Fuck,” Frank breathed, “we’re never gonna get paid now. Look at this idiots face. It’s fucking fallin off.”
Sherlock closed his laptop. He placed it on the arm chair across from their bed and scooted back under the covers. He kept himself upright and rested his back on the headboard. Sherlock’s leg was pressed close to John’s body. He looked down at John, who’s eyes were closed and brows pressed slightly together, and pressed the side of his thumb against John’s forehead. John’s eyebrows pushed together even more and Sherlock huffed softly. He could feel John try and relax under him.
“If it’s so safe, you do it.”
He tapped on the phone again and chuckled to himself. Frank rolled his eyes and Bobby sat himself on the lip of the bathtub. He looked anxious and his eyes were looking anywhere but at John.
The ginger kept wriggling out of John’s reach each time he seemed to knock him down. The two men were practically wrestling on the ground now. John had been able to use his weight to pin the other on his front. Sherlock raised his eyebrows as he watched John grab the others hair, lift his head up, and slam it down onto the ice. There was an echo of a crack and the body under John stilled slightly.
John chuckled a little. “You gonna be making tea regularly now?” His voice was sore and wobbly.
“M... wait. Wait,” John rasped. It was hard to speak. His tongue felt heavy as panic and pain poured through him like some sort of thick honey. “...’m a- a-am a doctor.” John slurred. “Let me. Please.”
But John was getting better, wasn’t he? He was still seeing his therapist. He was slowly picking himself back up. Things were good. Sherlock and he had finally expressed their feelings for one another and opened a dam of loose emotion and white hot feeling that almost blinded the man. But he wasn’t blind yet. He was squinting in the light that was Sherlock and he felt warm. He was getting better.
“You’re lucky he’s so patient.” Lestrade said quietly. John was about half way across the ice. He was moving slower the farther he got out.
He found John sitting on a bench bouncing his left leg. He was leaning forwards, his arms resting on his legs and hands clasped together as John stared unblinking at the water laid out before him. John had sat himself on the edge of the coast away from the small town. Sherlock watched the left side of his partner bounce up and down as his leg ran.
“What do you mean you’re Scottish?”
“Where?” Sherlock practically demanded. He shoved John over slightly to get a better look.
John’s right eye fluttered slightly. It opened as much as it could and John’s body heaved. Sherlock struggled to hold onto him as his partner convulsed.
The world sped back up. There was an extremely gentle hand pushing the bottom of his chin upwards. It was helping him do what he was trying to do in the first place. John was able to look up at Sherlock.
“You always put too much milk in mine.” John rubbed his face with Sherlock’s scarf. Sherlock ran his hand down John’s arm and hooked his own around him. They started walking.
“Ta.” The noise came out.
“Yea Steve we hear ya...”
“Will you two cut it out? Bloody children.” Lestrade grumbled next to them.
“Will you two shut the fuck up? Jesus. I’m trying to think... Bobby go get your sewing kit.”
John laughed, but it was nervous.
“Mm, yes.” Sherlock nodded. He turned his head back to look at the town. People were milling about doing their own business or chatting with neighbors, friends and acquaintances. It was all so picturesque. It was off putting, really. Too much like a post card. The town had just gone through two cases of murder, however. Perhaps they were trying to cling to whatever normalcy their community had. There were only about five hundred people that lived on the harbor. The detective watched each of them. He could tell they were weary. No one had committed a crime here for at least ten years. It was a decent community and a quiet part of the country. Nothing was perfect though.
John clears his throat. "Well that's a long drive all the way here every week. Don't you think?"
"I think...well, I think I'm rather finished with detective work," Sherlock admits. He grips his teacup with both hands.
Sherlock reaches forward to shake the other man's hand. John Watson is a short, stocky man. His hair is blonde and short. He's only a little older than Sherlock, but he has a maturity that shows through his face. He wears an old brown t shirt and blue jeans and a pair of working boots. He only has a duffel bag with him. "How do you do?" Sherlock greets.
"Yes," Sherlock says, his voice a little hoarse. They stare each other down for a moment, not saying anything. Then, Sherlock decides its time to go. He moves to stand up. "I'd better get going."
"Tell me more!" she sends Sherlock. "Did you fight bad guys?"
"So you've seen most of this already?" John asks.
"You're much skinnier," John says, sadly. "We'll have to change that. You--you're tan...I didn't even know that was possible. Your hair is a lot shorter but...I can see white in it! You're going grey!"
"Um...really? Where--what?" Sherlock stutters. He flushes, embarrassed.
Sherlock turns his phone off and smiles. Things are working out in his favour.
"I'm fine, Mae," he tells her, tersely. "Go back to sleep, it's much to early."
John closed his eyes, considering it. Then, miraculously he opened the door and stepped aside for Sherlock to come in. Sherlock stepped in and surveyed the house. It was a standard suburban home, only slightly smaller. The sitting room was to the left and the kitchen was to the right. There was a door at the back which lead to a bathroom and a flight of stairs which led to the bedrooms. The colour palette of it was neutral and there wasn't much decorating. Some kids drawings were displayed on the fridge and there were a few toys strewn about on the floor. On the kitchen counter, a small fish tank sat with a beta swimming around happily. There was also a plate with a sandwich sitting on it.
"That's very unlike you," John says. "You must be bored. You're really not going back into detective work?"
"You can--you can sleep on the couch here, if that's okay...I don't think--" he clears his throat, awkwardly. This conversation has taken an uncomfortable turn. Sherlock quirks an eyebrow at him. "Is that okay? I have some spare blankets and a pillow."
"Sherlock," John snaps. He looks away. "It's fine. I don't want to talk about that."
John shakes his head. "I'm not--I'm not asking what you think. But there's--there's a B&B near the edge of town. Maybe you can stay there? I know it's probably not as nice as your place now but...I don't know," he trails off, unsure of himself.
The man, Holmes -- Sherlock Holmes -- brushes his curly hair out of his eyes and continues working. His nose is scrunched up in concentration as he makes sure the honey doesn't drip down the side of the jar. Suddenly, there's a loud, shrill ringing that cuts through the air. Sherlock jumps and the honey spills a little. He sighs, setting the honey down and walking over to the phone, which hangs on the wall in the kitchen. He picks it up and holds it to his ear.
"I don't remember," Sherlock lies. He remembers every detail. Its burned into his memory.
"I was just going to eat lunch," John said. He sniffled and tried to wipe the tears from his eyes. "Um, you can sit down." Sherlock moved further into the house and sat down stiffly on the sofa. John sat next to him. "Explain yourself, then."
"Oh I dont know, Sherlock. I haven't seen them in years," John groans, shaking his head.
"Yes. Her name is Mae. Her mother um, she left, two days after she was born," John tells him, grimly.
Mae's face fast, sadly. "That's terrible. I hate nightmares. I have ones about drowning or sometimes...I have ones about other kids bullying me," she admits, almost shyly. "What was yours about?"
"Yes," he answers. "It was very scary."
John chuckles and shakes his head. "I didn't know you cared so much about detectives."
"Really? You can't be. That's your life."
Sherlock quirks an eyebrow. He doesn't know where John is going with this. "Its only twenty minutes, John."
Sherlock shoots him a glare. "I'm not."
"No," John started, holding up a hand. "There's nothing to explain. Go away."
"I will," Sherlock assures, softly. "I've been...avoiding it. I don't want the public to know."
Okay. Like what? -SH
"A detective!" Mae declares. "Dad, you never told me about that!"
"Really? Not even a visit?"
"That's good. Um, I went to see everyone."
At first, the car is quiet. Sherlock knows this isn't usually how car rides go with the pair. Mae would be telling John all about her day, going on about third grade drama. Sherlock's presence seems to be putting a dent in that. He glances back at the girl through the rear view mirror. She's looking out the window, her hands curled in her lap. Then, she turns her head and meets Sherlock's eyes through the mirror. He looks away and turns to John instead. He's focused on driving, a cool expression on his face. He glances at Sherlock and smiles. Sherlock feels warm inside.
"Oh, well Charlie was crying and Ms. Teller finally listened and said sorry," Mae explains, shrugging.
Sherlock laughs. "I am not. You ARE grey," he shoots back and John chuckles a little, himself. It feels good. It feels easy.
John laughs, a short, bright laugh. "You're so formal." Sherlock turns away, facing the bees again. He's not sure what to say. "Um," John starts again. "Are you hungry? I was just about to go inside and make some lunch."
Good. Maybe we can do something tomorrow. -JW
Sherlock turns to look at John. "They won't sting you. You needn't be afraid."
"I heard you screaming," Mae says, pointedly. She walks closer to him and stands in front of him. "Are you okay?"
John's eyes move downward, away from Sherlock's. His hand shakes violently and he tightens it into a fist. "You should tell them. They deserve to know."
Sherlock picks the clothes up. It's a pair of John's pajama bottoms. They're red plaid and Sherlock remembers a time when John used to wear these. The shirt is one of John's army green t shirts with the letters 'RAMC' on the front. They smell of John even from where Sherlock holds them.
Sherlock's heart pangs and John's word sting. He looks out across the park where Mae has moved onto the play structure. She laughs, going down the slide and races back up to do it again. This is John's daughter. This is his life. Maybe coming here was a bad idea...
"Of course," Sherlock says, relieved. "I just want you to give me a chance. There's no pressure."
"You should still be wearing some sort of protection, though. Don't you have any?"
"I guess so. We chased down a few criminals in our day. Caught a few thieves, murderers," Sherlock tells her.
After waiting for a 10 minutes, John finally arrived back at home, his daughter no longer with him. It was his day off. Sherlock watched as he disappeared through the door, waited a few minutes, then crossed the street towards the house. He slowly walked up the steps of the house and stood in front of the door. He sucked in a breath, his gloved fist poised in the air, ready to knock. He had never been more nervous for anything in his life. He had also never been more excited. Without thinking too much about it, Sherlock knocked.
"Holmes' Honey," he speaks. "Oh, hello Stamford." He goes quiet for a moment, listening to the voice on the other line. His eyebrows raise suddenly, with surprise. "Really? You've found someone? Yes, yes! Um...you can bring him over as soon as possible. Thank you!" He hangs the phone up and a smile spreads across his face. He brings a hand up and wipes it across his face. Then, without another moment, he turns back to his honey.
Mae knows better, though. "Why were you screaming? Did you have a nightmare?"
"Yes. I always do, Dad." Sherlock doesn't have to look to be able to tell that the girl rolled her eyes. He chuckles.
"Can I come visit your bees?"
"John, what are you asking me?"
It begins as nothing too scary. At first, it's just the image of Sherlock walking through a desert by himself. It's calm. The sun lies high in the sky which is crystal clear blue. He walks for a while until a jeep rolls up to him. The people inside speak a foreign language and shout at Sherlock. When he asks what they're saying, they yell John Watson's full name. Sherlock jumps in. From there, the men in the jeep take him to a scary looking building. Its dark and when they get inside, they lead him through dank hallways. When they finally get to their destination, Sherlock is pushed inside. He's in a jail cell and the men lock it behind him, closing him in. In the jail cell with him, is John. He's curled up in a corner, only wearing pants. His hair has clumps missing and his face is bruised and bloody, as if he's been beaten. He's dirty and he has wounds all over his body, some healed over but some open and oozing blood. Sherlock rushes over and tries to help. John lifts his head and stares at him.
"You tell me," John chuckles. "Look, all I'm saying is that you don't need go be scared. She's very friendly and she loves meeting new people. Kids aren't as hard to talk to as you think. They're easily impressed."
It goes silent between them again for a moment. They gaze at each other and the corner of John's mouth turns up a little. He looks at Sherlock, almost fondly. "You look different," he says.
"Yes well, I'm sure he'll be a good fit here," Sherlock says, then to John, "Why don't you grab the rest of your luggage?"
"Thank you," Sherlock says.
Things slowly start to work out and Sherlock plans for his future.
Mae looks up and frowns. "I'm not tired," she lies. "I want to stay up with you guys."
After a few moments the door opens and John stands there. Sherlock picks up on his anxiousness right away. John rubs his sweaty hands on his thighs and motions for Sherlock to come in.
"No thank you."
"Hey! What's wrong with my clothes? Are you saying I dress like a dad?"
John smiles even wider, glancing at him through the corner of his eyes. "I can tell you are. Your leg is shaking, you haven't spoken more than a few words to me this whole drive and you keep looking around really nervously. Plus, you even told me yourself that you're not great with kids."
The house is very large, almost castle-like. Its several hundred years old and sits on a plot of flat land with a small forest in the back. The property goes on for acres and acres and the lane way leads to a dirt road without another house for miles. To the side of the house, a large greenhouse sits and past that, there's an impressively sized apiary. The house is quiet and lonely inside. There's a large sitting room and an impressive kitchen. The dining room consists of a long, wooden table and an intricate chandelier. There's one large master bedroom and several guest bedrooms. The house is old, the wooden floor creaks and the doors groan.
"Oh," she shrugs, turning away to walk into the kitchen. "You were yelling my dad's name."
John closed his eyes and rested his head against the door. "Its not you," he cried. "I won't believe it. Do you know--do you know how hard it was? I grieved you, I mourned you. Everyday I think to myself what I would do if you came back. I kept believing that one day you'll show up here and now here you are... It was so hard and--and now you're here...please just go away. I don't want to see you."
Finally, a week later Sherlock's mobile buzzes. He's sitting on the hotel bed, browsing through the channels on the TV and when his phone buzzes beside him, he immediately picks it up. It's a text from John.
He could also think about his future. About staying at the B&B in John's town. About eventually buying land and starting his beekeeping career. If it was even going to be a career. Mae had mentioned selling honey. Sure, that could help him pick up some extra cash but Sherlock doesn't really care about the money. He has enough to live comfortably and he mostly just wants to start it so he has something to do. Something to distract him from detective work. It wouldn't be hard. He had always been interested in bees as a child and now is his chance to put it into action.
Sherlock nods. "Okay." John smiles at him. It's less real than the others they've shared that day and Sherlock can see the emotion behind it but he returns it anyways.
Sherlock's eyes widen. John can't be serious. "What?"
"Oh," John starts, looking a bit embarrassed. He hold up his duffel bag. "This is all I have, actually."
Sherlock wonders if he could even fall asleep. It wasn't likely. Even with the quiet atmosphere and the comfort of his friend in the same building, he was still an insomniac, nonetheless. He didn't have sleeping pills with him either so he figured he would be lying on the sofa until sunrise. It wasn't a bad thing. Lying in John's home, listening to the sounds of nature and watching the moonlight crawl across the room was a nice change to hearing people yell and dogs bark or walking around London in the rain at midnight. The night would go by quickly if he wanted it to.
Sherlock shakes his head. "No. Only you," he whispers.
Nothing. Just going to walk around London again. -SH
"Oh," John says. "That doesn't seem fair. What happened?"
"John, that's ridiculous. I was away for twelve years and I could do it. You can, too. You know they asked me about you. They were all worried about you," Sherlock says, frowning. "They told me you just left one day without a word. They said you--you weren't well, that you lost weight and--"
"It is me," Sherlock whispered. He snaked his fingers towards John and rested his fingertips lightly on John's knee. "It's me."
Stamford grins. "You as well. See you're keeping the property maintained," he says, glancing around. "Anyways, this is John Watson. He's a friend, looking for a place to stay. John, this is Sherlock Holmes."
"Hm. I'd never expected that." John chuckles. "So you're going to come live out here? Really?"
"You want to walk around a bit? I'll show you around the town, like I mentioned," John suggests when he's finished.
John scoffs. "Oh, right."
"John has just come back from the war," Stamford tells Sherlock. "He's a good friend and a good man. I think you two will get along well. I would have put him up but you know," he gives a hearty chuckle. "The wife and kids."
Eventually, Sherlock decides to get a glass of water to help soothe his throat. Just so he stand up, a voice rings out through the room.
John falters, looking down at his shoes. "Um...You could stay here?"
Sherlock spends the first half of the day in his office, composing music. He works on a sonata that he started weeks ago, adding the finishing touches and testing it out on his violin. By the time noon rolls around, he decides its time to check on his bees. He heads out to the apiary, with only gloves on and no other coverings. He tuts around, making sure everything is in order and collecting honey combs and honey. He sits back and watches the bees do their jobs, watching them buzz around. It's his favourite thing to do. To simply relax and observe the bees being themselves.
With that, Sherlock sets off, leaving John to his own devices. It feels strange having another person in the hour, even though he can't see him. The feeling of being alone is comfortable for Sherlock and now its changed. Sherlock used to have a gardener who was often around the property and a chef, who made his meals but he fired them on account of wanting to be alone. He didn't cafe if his garden looked beautiful and he didn't always eat most meals, anyways.
"Oh," John sighs, his eyes slipping shut. "I've missed this."
"I know but--" John looks down at his hands, then back at Sherlock. "Well don't you think you should be a little closer to us? Then we can see you everyday."
"Nice deduction, John," Sherlock snaps. "She's only a child, what is so scary about that?"
Sherlock's heart beats wildly. He IS nervous and he can't understand why. It's just a little girl and John's one at that. She is nothing to be afraid of in this world. The two come closer and closer until finally, they're standing in front of the detective.
John laughs. "I know this is weird but...she's really great. She's a bit shy, I think. Maybe...just try and talk to her. Show her you're not a threat," he suggests.
After a few minutes, John reappears holding two big blankets, a pillow and a pair of pajamas. He dumps them all onto the sofa and points at the clothes. "Those are for you," he says, sheepishly. "I'm not sure if they'll fit--after all, you're much taller than me--but I'm sure it'll work."
Sherlock nods. He toes his shoes off. He stuffs his gloves in his jacket pocket, then slips it off and hands it to John who hangs it up next to his own. The sight of their coats hanging next to each other almost makes Sherlock stop in his tracks but he soldiers on.
"That's alright. Are you sure?" Sherlock asks, unsure. This doesn't seem like John at all.
"All the way to London, in the middle of the night? No. It'll cost a fortune," John says.
"Are you okay?" Its Mae. Her voice is tiny and sleepy at this hour. Sherlock turns around to find her standing at the foot of the stairs, a fuzzy robe wrapped around her and her brown hair flying in all directions. He freezes. She heard him screaming.
"Mae," John says. "This is my friend Sherlock."
"I'm only looking out for you."
"Goodnight, John."
Sherlock smiles. "So, your daughter then. She's eight?"
"That's weird. God, she must be getting older," John says. "I haven't seen them in years."
"It wasn't her fault!" the girl declares. "She didn't do her homework for the week and Ms. Teller got really mad. Charlie tried to explain to her that she was visiting family all week but Ms. Teller didn't listen and sent her to the hall."
"Hey," John says, pointing a finger at her. "I was there too. I'm cool, too."
John almost chuckles at Sherlock's words. "I see. Um, does anyone else know you're back?"
Sherlock stands, leaning against John's car. He watches as John walks around to the front of the school and waits for his daughter to come out. It only takes a minute or two before a flood of students rushes out the front doors. A second later, the same brown haired girl from two weeks ago runs into John's arms, a huge smiling gracing her lips. They hug and Sherlock watches as he bends down in front of her, likely explaining to her that she's about to meet one of her father's friends. John doesn't know what story he's going with for her. Hes obviously not going to explain to her that he faked his own death and put her father through years of pain. Sherlock watches the exchange between father and daughter. He thinks back to all the times he watched John picking his daughter up here in secrecy. Now he's somehow apart of it. The girl doesn't seem scared as her eyes drift over in Sherlock's direction. Then, the two start walking over to him.
"Yeah," the girl says from the back. "Charlie got sent to the hall today."
The two put their shoes and coats on and set off into the town. John takes him through his neighbourhood, pointing out the houses of the neighbours he hates. Then they walk further into the town. John shows him all the little local shops downtown. There's a small movie theatre that Sherlock never noticed. John convinces Sherlock to stop for ice cream with him and they eat as they walk through the town. John shows him the cafe he does work at and the pizza place he orders from every Friday. They walk by the hospital, which Sherlock has seen before from watching John clock in and out of work sometimes.
"Your father and I went on many adventures together," Sherlock chimes in.
Sherlock and John talk everything out. Things start to move in a good direction.
"No but I might buy some farm land so I can have bees," Sherlock explains.
"Yes," Sherlock says. He turns back around to watch the bees. Behind him, John shuffles awkwardly on his feet. He walks forward and comes to stand beside the other man.
Sherlock watched carefully. John's daughter raced up to him and they embraced, happily. John took his daughter's backpack and swung it on one shoulder as they began walking towards the parking lot. John's daughter looked strikingly like him. She had his smile and his nose and as far as Sherlock could tell for an eight year old girl, she would have his height too. Sherlock couldn't really tell from afar but he swore she also had his bright, warm eyes, too. The only thing that wasn't from John was her long, dark brown hair. Sherlock watched the pair as they moved further and further from his sight, continuing on towards the car that was parked. They smiled at one another and John laughed at whatever story she was telling him. Sherlock closed his eyes and began to walk away. He couldn't bear to watch for much longer. He needed to do something. He needed to hear John's voice, to see his face up close. So, he decided he would reveal himself the very next day.
Sherlock's eyes widened. He took a step closer and John took one back. He pushed the door between them. "Go away," he snarled, through gritted teeth. "I don't want to see you ever again."
What time? -SH
John sighs heavily. He turns away from the other man and stretches his legs onto the coffee table in front of him. "I can't believe its really you," he breathes. Sherlock thinks he might cry again, but no tears come and his voice stays steady. He only rests his head against his hand and stares straight ahead. "I thought you were dead," he states, solemnly. "I mean, I watched you die in front of me. I saw it. And now, twelve years later you're sitting on my sofa, drinking tea with me."
"God, Sherlock," John sniffs. "This really is terrible. We--we shouldn't even be talking about this now. This is supposed to be a fun day. We're both here now and let's just focus on that, okay?"
At 9am, Stamford's car comes down the long laneway. Sherlock stands on the large, front porch, watching as Stamford steps out and another man steps out of the passenger side. He comes down the steps and greets them.
They shake hands and Stamford retreats into the car. Within a few seconds, he's gone, leaving Sherlock and John standing alone together. Sherlock turns towards the other man.
Also, I know I completely switched tenses in this chapter. I'm really bad with that but I'm going to try and stick with present tense for the rest of the story. Sorry if that's annoying. Present tense just seemed to fit the story better.
Sherlock breaks out into a grin. John told him he would text him whenever he wanted to see him again. Sherlock expected it to be weeks before John ever contacted him. He typed a reply quickly.
the thought of gently sturdy hands undressing him made his nerves light up, made something in his belly stir and quiver. He tried to calm it, pressed his flat hand on the spot just below his navel under which the turmoil only flourished even more …
When he had already given up hope and had settled in his doomed spectator-from-the-sidelines-role, the last tendril Miss Pirate chose to stroll about was the one pointing in his direction. As if she had been aware of his location in the room all along she immediately locked eyes with him the moment she turned his way. His groupie-daydreams fulfilled, John’s breath got caught in his throat and his face heated up. He tried to reboot his brain because Miss Pirate was watching him with an intense stare he wasn’t quite able to interpret. Was she trying to communicate something? Was she giving him any hints?
He was reading it for the hundredth time when the friendly hand on his shoulder made John jump. He slammed his laptop shut with much more force than necessary.
Holding John’s gaze, a private amused gleam in her eyes, Miss Pirate dropped forward in one fluid wavelike motion and started… oh really, must she?... crawling over the narrow catwalk. She might have taken that term a bit too literally as she, all feline like, slowly smoothly placed one hand before the other, swaying her hips while shifting her legs forward. She lowered her chin, playing coy, completely contradicted by the sultry look she gave from under her lashes. She really was a tease extraordinaire.
He huffed a small laugh. Glanced at the screen, seeking for Sherlock’s eyes, not finding them.
Once, London had been his refuge, his one place on earth he felt safe. He only had to breathe it in, feel every quiver of its beating heart to feel home. The main reason was that it also was the home of a certain army doctor. Now though, the same fact turned the once sacred place into hell - it was pure torture. John would be within reach, but out of reach for Sherlock at the same time. How could he escape this impasse? Not by leaving London, as staying in town was the only way left to stay in any way close to John. Not by staying either, because there were memories of John at each corner, which would defeat him in the end. And he had already ruled out the very tempting option of escaping this life altogether. How could this happen? Sherlock Holmes left with no way to escape? No clever solution? No clever thoughts? What about the brain without a heart? He had been right all the time, sentiment was a chemical defect found on the losing side. And that's where he found himself now - the losing side. And above all, even his heart was gone, burned, nothing left.
It wasn’t completely unexpected, then, that the morning conversation with John was irritating and frosty. Sherlock had to admit that he wasn’t entirely blameless. Anyway, it didn’t matter anymore. But he also couldn’t deny that it left a heavy weight on his chest, something that made it difficult to breathe. Even more so, when he made use of the opportunity of John showering to pick his coat and leave the flat.
“Well, I didn’t exactly pay attention. Was a bit distracted by other thoughts, you know…,” John tilted his head. “I make us a fresh one each, yeah?”
John knew his place by now though—seaking out conversations, making contact. He was so fucking tired of it. He wished this case would end; rather sooner than later. In the meantime though, he couldn’t deny that he was looking forward to Miss Pirate’s show tonight—finally her delicious body slung around a dancing pole again; he had hoped for this to happen since the very first night they had set foot into a nightclub again. He deserved a bit of a reward for enduring all the teasing of Miss Pirate’s masterful seduction skills, but never being on the receiving end lately. Didn’t he? If only the rest of the audience didn’t get more of a “show” than John was comfortable to share with them.
songs for the chapter can be found here:
“Oh God… fuck…” John exhaled and a full body shudder took hold of him. He was on the brink of coming from this insanely erotical display alone, when the hand on his cock suddenly squeezed him tightly at the base and Sherlock’s eyes snapped open and locked with John’s. Sherlock retreated his fingers, shifted forward and positioned himself to brush the precome-oozing slit of John’s erection against his own slick and loosened hole.
"Oh, don't bother with Hudders past, it's not relevant to…" Sherlock cut John off, sounding a bit… evasive? Whatever, not what John wanted anyway, he'd interrogate Sherlock about Mrs Hudson's involvement at some later point.
"Not the point, Sherlock.” John insisted.
There were two yellow post-it notes stuck on first the plate and second the kettle - the same notes he used to plaster his deduction walls with. They read “
60 seconds.
“Yeah… guess I am.” John huffed, out of breath, and smiled warmly. God, he had really lost his mind, hadn’t he? Well, never mind, if losing one’s mind was this much fun, he’d sign up for it in an instant.
“Sherlock, slow down, will you?” John seemed slightly irritated now. “What are you
However, now there was no longer the need to hold on to this farce. There was no-one else whose reaction he had any interest in. Greg would be relieved though to be finally called by his real name. Although, it didn't matter because he'd never know because it would never be necessary again to call him anything.
John looked lost though. Sherlock felt his insides churn.
“Earlier today. In my thoughts. Didn’t you hear?” John smirked.
"And who'd that be?" Sherlock mumbled, wholly absorbed in John's caresses.
Outside he was greeted by a cold night breeze. He turned the corner of the club to stand just out of the wind and lean against the wall a bit to look up. The sky was clear and a thousand stars were reflecting their light towards earth. It had always fascinated him; astrology. Even more so after the beautiful skies of the Afghanan dessert, which were so different from all he knew. “
"Is that any better, John? Any more honourable? Why?" Sherlock tilted his head and studied John, seemingly sincerely curious now. "The majority of those persons, those sex workers you're apparently looking down on, are earning their money by working hard, mostly under terrible conditions. They aren't hurting anyone!" He now stated very emphatically without being accusatory. "There is no evil intent behind their work! If anything, they're helping society by occupying individuals who would seek their pleasure in other much less desirable ways. So... John," he watched John, puzzled and apparently honestly interested, "tell me, why is their work any less worthy of your respect? Why do you think you're entitled to put yourself above them? And for the record—I've never been a sex worker. And I've already told you that!” Sherlock looked expectantly at him.
Sherlock startled himself with the cursing.
Only… he couldn’t say it. Of course not. Sherlock had made it clear that John wasn’t the person he wanted. He wanted distance. John could give him that. His mission now was, rescuing the last remaining shreds of their friendship so that he wouldn’t have to live a life without Sherlock. Hopefully, ever again. They had to find new grounds, find a new balance. They had tried to go back and that hadn’t worked out well, so forward was the only direction to go now. Better get used to it.
"Your explanatory skills are magnificent, John." Sherlock said dead serious, but John could see the smile on his lips.
"Can you kindly refrain from making your chest wobble? There are people here who want to sleep." he whined, voice still rough, not fully awake yet.
“Case, this time. Obviously.” The man kept standing close.
His head rested limply on the soft cushion his neck was forming, eyes closed, curls tickling  his nape where it was merging into his upper back, bouncing to the rhythm he held by.
John desired nothing of it. This would be a long, long night.
He was almost sure he hadn't imagined the hitch in Miss Pirate's breath. He opened the door that led to the heart of the club and just before they entered the room to be engulfed by the other people Miss Pirate gave him a look that was a heady mix of excitement, adoration, trust, heat and love.
"You!" John spoke again, cupping Sherlock's face with both hands; holding him; steadying him. "I choose you, Sherlock. You're the One. You are my One! And I've never been happier."
John said in his own defense.
"What's it all for?" John glanced at Sherlock from the corner of his eye.
"Yes, I know! I know. That's not what I wanted to say." he turned his hand around so that he was free to run his fingers over Sherlock's skin. "All this time though, I tried to tell you a lot of things. That I'd want us to be closer again, that I'd give you space, that I'd have your back, that I won't leave, that I'd fight for you… for us, that I love you…," he intently looked into Sherlock's eyes saying that; he had the suspicion that the message still wasn't fully received. "But I never thought that this is what you needed to hear. It has always been obvious to me. You saved me Sherlock. Many times and in many ways!"
Sherlock could feel the breeze sneaking through the gap of the half closed window drying the sweat on his damp skin. He was exhausted.
He scrolled through the search results and not long into it he stopped dead. Oh, what a fitting choice of words, he thought. He opened the link
To escape this hell as fast as possible Sherlock directly retreated back into the halls of the one place he was completely in charge of. This was his sanctum, his refuge, his well organised chaos. He always immediately ended up entering the room he had created to store his John memories. He threw open the wing doors, looking around desperately to find anything that would hold the answer to all these new questions, when the paper snippets started whirling in front of him again.
“What is this? An interrogation or what?” John hated the way his war-battered body slowed him down and turned something like getting to his flat into an entire journey; which made him to the same extent irritated and grateful for Scott’s unrelenting way of asking for attention. This man was intense in every single mood John had witnessed him in. John wondered if that applied for the yet undiscovered aspects of the man’s life as well. Wait… Yet? John had to stop these fanciful illusions he’d play any part in Scott’s life beyond… this. Whatever ‘this’ was…
Dear readers,
"Obviously." John answered flatly, even though it hadn't even been a question. He was aware of the sarcastic undertone caused by the exhaustion of mind and soul, but Greg didn't seem to bother.
And he knew immediately - this had been a terrible idea.
He heard a silent chuckle from the man beneath him and gave him an additional shove in the back. Sherlock looked at him for a fleeting moment with an unreadable expression before he turned and walked over to where Lestrade gave instructions to some of his officers.
John thought. They didn't talk. They
kind of prick he'd definitely like to awaken… His own was more than awake already. Hyperactive, so to speak.
Suddenly he jumped to his feet, rushed over to where he had thrown the disc to and scrabbled between the bags until he held it in his hands again.
After that, everything had happened in a bit of a blur. John informing Mycroft while jumping in a cab and rushing after Sherlock. He could hardly remember getting to the hospital, his mind fogged with fear and regret. Imagining the worst case scenario, he had felt a lump in his throat at the thought of never speaking to Sherlock again, never being able to tell him that he made his choice, that he would stay, that Mary was gone for good.
Suddenly, Sherlock felt jittery.
"You don't know, do you?" honest surprise? He sounded truly baffled. "You really don't know… Mycroft didn't…?" a little huff. A relieved huff? Why would he be relieved? "Sherlock… there've been no drugs."
"I did though," he croaked, his mouth dry. "Text him, I mean." Molly looked surprised. "Well, to be honest, he called me first. Wanted to talk, told me that…” he trailed off, blushed and had to turn his face away in embarrassment.
Halfway circling the table the lyrics started and he hummed along, matching his slightly bouncing steps to the rhythm, trailing his finger delicately over the backrest of the kitchen chair.
Dear readers,
“What?” Sherlock screamed in horror.
"I… I'm not sure… if that'd be wise, John. What would we have to say to each other anyway? Bouncing pleasantries back and forth? Blaming each other for occurrences in a far gone past one can't change anymore anyway? Don't you think it'd be better to spare us both from that? I'm tired of  it."
John nodded in agreement, closed his eyes and let the dancing shadows behind his eyelids lull him into a state of contentment. At some point he heard Greg getting up, picking up their, by now, empty bottles and climbing down the stairs, only to come back up and set a full bottle of beer on the floor next to John with a thud.
Seeing John there, in the flesh, when just moments before he had imagined all possible ways to lay his heart and himself bare to the very man… it had been too much. Being able to look into those ocean blue eyes in which he had imagined drowning mere moments ago, hovering above him, piercing his soul and seeing everything he desired without the need to voice it, washing wave after wave of pleasure through his body. Those hands reaching for him, which he still felt caressing his body as if they had been real. Those hands setting him on fire, stroking along his sensible flesh, were now nervously kneading the enticing soft tissue right above John's hips. Those hips that had only just done unspeakable things, in his imagination. Why must John have the habit to shift his stance when being agitated? It had only highlighted every single tempting remarkable bit hidden underneath those very unremarkable clothes. Not that the clothes had made any appearance on his mind's stage.
Arriving at the Diogenes Club Sherlock directly made his way to Mycroft’s office, rushing down the stairs two steps at a time in such a hurry that it earned him many distasteful looks from the muted gentlemen populating the posh building.
I hope you'll enjoy as well!
!” He tugged on Sherlock’s chin for emphasis.
“If you want,” Scott sounded bored, but John saw right through it — he was insecure.  Mr Know-it-All was actually anxious.
This was the moment Sherlock's phone chose to announce a new incoming text by playing John's violin theme. Sherlock shut his eyes in defeat. He had worked so hard. He had closed all doors. He had stored everything away. Safely. Why would there have to be a twelfth text message. He would have to rearrange. He would have to reevaluate. After 5700 seconds of silence.
"Didn't say anything about virility,
John, was back. At Baker Street. Back to living with Sherlock Holmes, as the man's flatmate and as the best friend of the brilliant, charming, annoying, absolutely mad and most human human being he has ever known. Because as far as John was concerned, the… arrangement… with Sherlock was definitely permanent. Separation or no.
"She… called you… what was it? Elle?" John asked hesitantly, avoiding Sherlock's eyes. That's why he didn't see the small smile lifting the corners of Sherlock's mouth.
Furthermore I discovered that my betas aren't human, because what they're doing for me and my writing isn't humanly possible!! So, watch out for my two otherworldly betas Jobooksandcoffee and Littleweedwrites!! Check out their works, too!!!
He fought with himself about looking at the last remaining piece of paper that floated in the air. He tried very hard not to care anymore, but he had never been one for unfinished business.
He kept his head held high and his gaze defensive even if on the inside he didn't feel as confident at all. He felt dissatisfied and defeated, but under no circumstances he'd reveal this to Mycroft! Proudly he continued his path.
He had no idea why, but it calmed him, grounded him. John kept an eye on him.
Sherlock nodded silently and John knelt at his feet and pulled one of them forwards to rest on his thigh. Without another word, John carefully crumpled the unbelievably thin fabric in his hands to then gently push it over Sherlock's toes and tenderly slide it up the flawless and smooth skinned and endlessly long legs, until his hands came to a halt high on Sherlock's thigh. He flattened the seam and after one last stroke over the edge where flesh and fabric met he sat back and marveled at the masterpiece in front of him.
Frozen in place, not able to wrap his head around the fact that Sherlock was here, in person… still trying to convince himself that he wasn't just a product of his own muddled mind, John couldn't do anything but watch.
"I should have known. I… I shouldn't have called."
Sherlock snorted resigned. “As if…” he muttered under his breath and hoped that it would stay unrecognised.
“Time to apply your own technique.” Scott said after a moment, almost business-like.
Well, that was not exactly what John would call 'fine'. Anything but actually...
"I told you. I'm not 'people'." John grinned.
"I love you." he whispered again. "I have ever since the first time I laid eyes on The Posh Purple Pirate and I will keep doing so even if there'll never be a Purple Pirate again." His throat tightened and he had difficulties to swallow.
"But then, there's still your love for risky cases and there's the regular pint with Lestrade. And probably also sexual intercourse." Sherlock contemplated.
“Ohhhhh,
He had to understand. But he didn’t have to know.
He flipped the lid of his laptop open, closing the tab of his empty blog, debating with himself for a fleeting moment, but in the end he entered “phone sex London” into the search bar.
“You keep saying the most ridiculous things,” Scott delivered with a contemplative huff.
After the third time he had to watch Sherlock being handled onto a stretcher, and the third time he had thought he would lose him, he hadn’t been able to bring himself to go back to Mary. Not the moment that he had realised she was actually a stranger to him! Not with the awareness that it had all been her fault, when he had just learned that
been someone who had gotten to Sherlock through John; someone who had gotten under Sherlock's skin - quite literally.
John hummed, cherishing the feeling of being able to elicit such light-hearted joy in his aloof and sometimes detached partner. Although, right now, he couldn't really be called detached the way the man clung to him.
"Right. Yeah…," John cleared his throat. Of course John had to misunderstand him. Sherlock had wanted to say… well, what had he wanted to say? He didn't know. He just didn't want to end the call. However, this was exactly what happened. Sherlock grimaced and could have kicked himself.
“I understand this isn’t a courtesy call. That would be beyond you.” Mycroft said with a sarcastic smirk. “You’re here with a request then! So which favour do you expect me to accomplish for you this time? You are aware that you are running out of courtesies?” he continued, looking at Sherlock from under raised eyebrows.
"Was it?" Greg asked incredulously. He stretched his back, yawning himself. "However, I'm off to bed now. You?"
"Yes, that might be advisable," Sherlock mumbled. "Get up, old man, and we can go for it."
His eyes fixed on the mp3 player again, the evidence of John having been there with him, something else made its way to his awareness.
"Sh'lock… uhm… hi." John slurred.
John, always the soldier, always the warrior, never turning his back to the danger, always facing the door, always prepared for the enemy to enter - most of all in his… sleep?
"Yes, John."
When he peeled himself out of bed not much later, he wondered how he would be able to even survive this day without falling asleep on his feet. When he then padded to the bathroom his back and neck and all joints actually reminded him painfully that he wasn't the youngest of all 'confirmed bachelors' anymore. The mirror above the sink confirmed this cruelly, showing him pillow creases on his cheeks, the ever growing bags under his eyes, the rings accentuating them tinted in an even darker shade of blue-ish grey than usual, although the rest of his face was pale in a way that he could compete with Sherlock and win. To make it all worse he hadn't been to the hairdresser the last couple of weeks as his mind was occupied with more urgent topics. Now he had to pay for it; his hair didn't want to be tamed, he looked like a scarecrow.
Only a couple of obstacles left to circle but the man rose from his chair.
“No — uhm, it’s… it’s fine. But now hurry to get off this train otherwise your route will get much more complicated.”
He regretted it. All of it. He regretted all the things he had done. And all the things he hadn’t. He regretted making the disc, only to be afraid that Sherlock would never see it. He regretted what he had said, and everything he hadn’t said. What if he never got a chance again?
"John." Sherlock cried. "
Enduring the dial menu like a pro, pressing option #2 without hesitation, waiting impatiently to be put through and… Shit! … how could he even be sure it would be Scott on the line? Maybe it was his day off? Or there were loads of operators at the same time, like those customer services. What then? Could he ask for Scott? No, probably not. Just hang up and dial again? But there was this access charge each time… How often would he have to try? Should he even try again? What if…
"No, I called you bright."
"Greg's?" Sherlock asked, curious now.
Sherlock slowly started to shake his head.
Of course he did; Sherlock saw the exact moment the realisation that his efforts didn't fall on deaf ears so to speak encouraged John and sparked even more daring moves. So it didn't come as a surprise but was nonetheless electrifying when one of John's hands travelled lower and cupped one of his arse cheeks. The light pressure it caused pressed their groins together, their legs moved between each other's; the now undeniable friction almost made Sherlock gasp. He felt heat rise to his face, settle on his throat, his lips, high on his cheeks.
The moment the lyrics started he felt his arms rising, his hands gripping his head, his fingers resting  in his curls. He pressed his fingertips firmer into his scalp to register the touch and to feel more grounded, to be aware of the present and to prevent himself from floating and soaring and losing himself as he was so often afraid of.
me, Mycroft. You gave me your
"Are we… okay?" he asked hesitantly.
lyrics for you to sing along. "
But it was good. He felt good. They would be good.
"Not to me."
The rumbling laughter bubbling up in his throat got stuck when John let his hands slide down Sherlock's arms until he reached the hands steadily settled on his hips.
"Hey, that's my part…" John laughed despite the lump forming in his throat and the tears welling up. "Come up with your own sappy lines…"
"Now you're talking nonsense."
He sent.
Mycroft stayed silent for quite a while and Sherlock didn’t dare look at him.
“Wait — No, not in a kinky way...” The words tumbled out when the implication of what he had said dawned on him. Quietly groaning to himself he wondered why he was embarrassed towards an employee of a kinky phone sex hotline. Why would he even care?
“Done?” John asked quietly after a short moment. This was confirmed by a very satisfied hum. “Good. Now, rub your wet fingertips over your nipples, imagine it’s my tongue. Flick them…” John instructed, accompanied by a beautiful background melodie of panted breaths and grunts. “Are you doing it?” John knew he was, but he wanted to hear it.
John was a bit proud of himself. After his fruitless night he had concluded, that there was no use in trying to sort things with Sherlock when there was nothing sorted within himself. He’d only end up stammering and getting twisted in his words again. Sherlock would misunderstand, John would be unable to explain, Sherlock would close up, … well, the usual. They’d end up where they’d begun, again, or
And that was now.
“You still have mine, don’t you?” Sherlock asked, a bit insecure.
“The man it is attached to.” He laughed and got punished for it with a foot rubbing over his groin. Only barely holding back a groan, he grabbed the leg by its ankle, tight, and growled, “Hold. Still.”
. It would mean
Another twist of Sherlock’s arm, his head thrown back, his eyes closed, a deep moan leaving his parted lips—John knew Sherlock had breached the tight ring of muscles, had pushed maybe one, more likely two fingers inside to finger himself open. Sherlock’s chest was heaving rapidly, the flush on his skin deepened and short-cut moans made his throat contract and his Adam’s apple bob in a pulsing movement when he started to pump his hand back and forth, rock up and down on his quivering thighs to fuck himself on his own fingers.
“Yeah, I…” John’s voice was a bit muffled through the half opened door, but Sherlock could still sense the short hesitation, the moment realisation dawned on him.
"Scott?" he said in a rush. "It's me."
"Mycroft." Sherlock resolutely cut him short. "You know me. You always have. You know how I am. I can't do things by halves. For me it's black or white. All or nothing. To endure things anywhere in between is killing me. And others. So it's one or the other. And because in this case I can't have all, I had to choose for nothing. And because you also know that I'm easily tempted, this is the best option. Hell knows I'd prefer an altogether different solution! But that would not be acceptable. It would hurt John."
"At ease, Captain," a warm and sultry voice purred into his ear. He blew out a breath of relief. "Enjoyed the show?" The smirk on the lips forming the words was clearly conveyed in the slight quiver of the deep voice.
"Okay," Sherlock nodded, contemplating, then inhaled deeply and fixed John with his gaze. "No, it's not drag in particular what I'm doing there, even though that's where my roots are." He stopped John when he wanted to interrupt. "That's where I started, back in the days when I wasn't in the best of places. When I didn't have a John yet…" he added softly, pressing a quick kiss on John's lips. "I was bored, I was trying to remain occupied  while staying out of prison, hospital or rehab. I had a strong bond with my uncle Rudy back then, who was a cross-dresser. I loved him dearly; he was the only one who didn't ask questions or had any expectations of me. With him I could just be… myself," Sherlock shrugged one shoulder and John took his hand, running his thumb over Sherlock's knuckles. "That's how I came in contact with those costumes, fabrics, make-up and so on. When he passed…" Sherlock swallowed, "the drag scene was the first thing I thought of to seek comfort. However, quickly I realised that it wasn't what I wanted. You have to know, John, drag is not only about the dresses and the appearance… it's a lot of drama, competition, humour—the witty kind, although sometimes pretty rude—and most of all about showing off."
“Yes, I am.” John admitted with a warm smile, which Sherlock, after a few seconds, returned.
“I'm fine.” Sherlock clarified. He looked at her intently until she put up the stirrups. He stood and took off his trousers, refused the cloth as he thought it ridiculously ineffective, and removed his pants as well before laying back down and placing his legs.
“Yeah? Can't you feel your wife through yours?”
“Yeah, you aren't exactly modest yourself, you know?”
“Never worked for me, to be honest. Uni was still plenty stress.”
John frowned deeply. “Why is that?” he asked, moving his arm around Sherlock and letting it run up and down the man's spine.
Sherlock leaned forward, crawling into John's lap like a cat, cupping his face and tilting it up to kiss him. “Had anyone ever told me I would once be addicted to kissing someone, I'd have declared them mad..”
“Oh, I don't know, John,” Sherlock teased, grabbing at John's sides, where love handles had formed already in the early days of his pregnancy, “seems to me like you do get your fair share..”
John's hands were gripping the bed sheets violently now, his hips faltering in their pace, stuttering and moving more brutally, his breath coming sharp and he had to pull away from Sherlock in order to keep his oxygen level adequate, his eyes clenched shut and Sherlock thought he looked like he was trying madly to hold back from just knotting him, bringing them both to the inevitable high.
Sherlock frowned in thought. He was actually
John.
“Ah, well. I might not look it, but I am also rather perfectly matched. I know the intensity when I feel it. People with no or ordinary relationships don't notice it, but we few, we are so sensitive to it, we can feel it on others. Once the bond really takes, we just know how couples really feel towards each other. You two are giving me reason to worry right now..” she concluded. She directed an inquiring look between the both of them until John spoke up.
Another tremor ran through his back, followed by a little groan he couldn't hold back. His heart clenched and he gasped out John's name. He felt incredibly ill within mere seconds and a surge of exhaustion pulled him right into a restless sleep.
“Because I don't know if trust you right now. You're keeping secrets.”
“I don't know, Sherlock, I just.. avoided offers at some point..” John stammered, averting his gaze.
Dr. Field laughed softly. “I understand this is your completing three months week?” Sherlock nodded. “Well, thanks to the number and size of your pups, according to your last ultrasound, it is logical for you to be more advanced than a usual three-month-mark looks like, but, believe me, Mr. Holmes, this is nothing compared to what awaits you in about a month.”
Just how much had he gone through? Judging by the state he was in, it must have been too much. Sherlock didn't break easily, John was sure, and right now, the Omega wasn't even in his right mind. Reduced to a begging, whimpering pile of skin and bones. How lonely must he have been. Without anything to occupy his mind and body. Anyone would go mad. What if he won't recover?, if he ends up empty, chased by fears?, if he becomes afraid of John?, changes forever?
Sherlock couldn't stop his hips thrusting forward slightly and the moan escaping his throat. He couldn't help the rapid increase in his arousal, his head falling backwards, his hands grabbing the kitchen counter behind him to keep himself steady as John took him deep into his mouth, rubbing circles into his thighs as he signalled him to make more space. Never in his life had he dreamed of the sensation brought by sexual desire, never had he thought of the sensation of them being sated, much less of anyone wanting to sate them, being capable of liking him in any way. Alphas could take what they wanted, Omegas were desired goods, even Betas got their share as they were capable of taking either part. No one wanted a genderless partner – they were useless, even as sex toys because they had no desires in that field. Luckily, there were very, very few of them, they were the rarest group in society. Fewer, than even Deltas and they were practically unheard of. Genderless scared people – they didn't smell, had almost no emotional reactions and were considered psychopaths for their lack of moral standards and empathy. Ridiculous, really, what they meant was sociopathy, which was a mental disability and which, as luck had it, was a part of Sherlock. He was lucky, really to have presented at last, even though John had liked him as a scentless, emotionless individual, regardless of not knowing he had been without gender. John had liked him, apparently even loved him. John loved him now. He loved his character and worshipped his body and Sherlock could not have hoped for someone better. Having presented as an Omega, although he would've preferred to be something considered more worthy, only made things easier, but wasn't a necessity at all, it seemed.
Sherlock sighed, rolled his eyes and let his shoulders hang in absolute exasperation. “Does he look in any way bonded or controlled by me?”
“I'm not saying you would. Point I'm trying to make: You don't make decisions without thinking them through. You have thought about this long and hard. I have your back.”
“I just want to fuck you so badly..” John stated and he apparently knew how he sounded because there was a hateful note in the way he said it. He was losing control. John didn't like to lose control.
“So, how are you feeling, Mr. Holmes?” His doctor asked, friendly smile on her lips as she shook first his then John's hand before sitting down at her desk again.
He felt both sides.
“They're self-made. I figured you might prefer unsweetened, small portions.”
“It's uh.. Look at this.” she instructed, pointing with her finger at a tiny bundle of light grey. “This is the embryo, but the dot is too big for just three weeks... Unfortunately it doesn't seem I can tell for sure what this means until we can get a more detailed picture. Sorry..”
Eventually, he was trying to push back by pressing his hands against the wall in front of him, but John was stronger and Sherlock's arms felt like jelly. His body was on fire and John might as well have ripped his flesh off his bones with his hands clawing to his hips and his mouth biting along his back. He could feel his Alpha cock force it's way in and out between the tight muscle ring, could feel it along his inner walls, hitting his prostate, making him scream. Half leaning against the wall now, Sherlock bit his own arm to muffle his noises. John pulled his head back by his hair. “Don't you dare keep those sounds to yourself!”
“We have to check every side street on the boy's way. See if we can find any clues.” Sherlock replied, pulling his phone out to text the members of his homeless network. He had a couple of them in this area, they might have seen something.
It was Sherlock's turn to smile unkindly. “First of all, a choice. Secondly, a cock. I don't like women, I have told you many times.”
The Omega frowned again. “Yes, I believe I said that.” he said with a huff of annoyance at having to repeat himself
“Sherlock. It'll be fine.”
I'm sorry, it's busy 'round here and I was distracted for most of their heat, so it's probably totally un-hot.. cold.
“Hm?” came the tired reply from the Alpha and he resumed his long forgotten caresses on Sherlock's back.
Then, like a snap, the Alpha's eyes were void of any such expression and he turned back to the kitchen with a smirk.
Hope you enjoy the laziness of a 2am me after close to no sleep anyway :D I really needed to finish two chapters tonight! ^^'
“And stop saying you're sorry!” Sherlock further demanded. John didn't know where all that suddenly came from but he stood down, arms wrapping around his belly protectively. The floor was practically buzzing with energy that seemed to flow out of Sherlock like an endless supply. Were John any other, he'd likely be scared of the Alpha. “There should have been a mobile phone in the bag. Did you find it?” Sherlock said, suddenly a lot more gentle, but still noticeably agitated by something John didn't know.
“I bought it for you, actually. I thought it would complement your eyes.”
“It's nothing, I was just surprised by their rapid development. They aren't more than 6 months old. That's a bit fast for human offspring.”
That's also what John found so erotic about Sherlock eating: it wasn't that he wanted to see him soft and fat, not that there was anything wrong with that – everyone has their kinks and who was he to judge, as long as no one was actually
“I will, if I have to!”
Greg came to visit him the next day, when John had finished another event-less shift. He entered the living room with a knock to the door that stood lightly ajar to find an absent-minded John just staring at Sherlock's chair, hot cup of coffee gone cold in his hands. “Hey, mate, how are you?” he asked pulling over the small wooden chair from their desk as he knew John wouldn't like anyone sitting and possibly covering the scent in Sherlock's chair.
“Good boy.” the blond growled back. “Now, give me your phone, I need to make arrangements.” he demanded further, holding his hand out expectantly.
safe!”
Sherlock groaned as he lifted his head to look at the clock. “Half an hour. Doctor should be here soon, though. Did you speak to Dr. Field yet?”
He ran down the stairs, throwing his jacket on as he dashed onto the street and got into someone else's taxi. He phoned the police on his chase after the phone, telling them where the tracker stopped. When he himself arrived there, he had to choose between two buildings. He took the one the cab was parked closest to and entered, searching from the bottom floor, looking into rooms, trying to find Sherlock. Trying to find out what was going on. His gun was a comforting, grounding weight in the back of his waistband. The open air had washed away any hint of Sherlock's already very subtle scent. He didn't know if he was running around the right halls, looking inside the correct rooms. The stench of other people, weighed down by chlorine and other cleaning agents confused John's sensitive nose more than anything. His eyes started to burn where they acted so aggressively against senses.
“What about practices? There are groups or private classes, for experienced Omegas, we give the opportunity to take pamphlets and do the practising on their own, but that stage you haven't reached yet, have you, first pregnancy and all.” It wasn't a question, just information. “Of course, you can go without practises, again, nobody can force you, but I would strongly advice you do.”
were crumbling under all this weight and they knew, and that was that. And Sherlock seemed to keep acting as if it wasn't there, as if the cause didn't exist. The Alpha was surprised, honestly, that he'd held on for this long.
“Everything I try to force down, I throw back up instantly.. A small breakfast, I can take. Everything beyond that only makes it worse..” John said in resignation, sitting down by Sherlock's side as the Omega had just taken his pills for the night. “I'm sorry. I know I'm not a good support at the moment.”
His smile grew. “I could always do with the money.” It wasn't a lie, after all, money was the reason he'd started looking for a job in the first place. The fact that he'd have to be satisfied with being a substitute, however, was more due to other potential employers checking his background or being dissatisfied with the 2 years blank between the military and now. He'd tried telling them it was for familial reasons, but, if anything, that only made it worse. No one wanted to employ an Omega who could quit or take a break at any moment to care for their family. It was too 'unreliable'.
The next time he woke, it was to John's voice, waking him softly.
As soon as Angelo turned around where he was chatting with costumers at another table, he excused himself and hurried toward them. “Sherlock! John! How nice to have you here again! It has been very lo-oh! I see you finally cracked the man, doctor Watson? Congratulations!” He shook both their hands as he, presumably, picked up on the scent of pregnant, bonded Omega, not even mentioning the fact of omega scent on Sherlock at all as he showed them to their usual booth. “Let us celebrate! In honour of the occasion, everything on the menu for free, for both of you! I cook it myself! I will get a candle and a very special bottle of wine. Be right back!” he chirped and John, again, was equal parts fascinated and irritated by the seemingly constant cheeriness, especially about their relationship.
“Why do you always let me eat this much?!” Sherlock accused as he had a wretch-free moment over the toilet.
Well, there was no use in sulking about this now; he was hungry, he had to eat! John, ever the charming man, had left something in the fridge to simply re-heat. The greasy bacon Sherlock had discovered he loved among it.
“What about your sex addiction?” as if on cue, the Omega began moving his hips, bumping his growing erection into John's.
“So, Mr John Watson. The OP..” the man across from him said aloud, like sharing his thoughts.
Sherlock frowned deeply, leaning forward. “What about your parents? Where were they?”
Sherlock looked at John, who was staring at the kettle. He recognised that he may be stepping into some personal business that wasn't his to know about. He realised he was being unfair to the Omega and not giving him the respect he'd praised himself for before. The Alpha had to admit his pride had ridden the worry-wave hard just then, which didn't mean his concerns were unfounded. “Is she dangerous?”
They were dismissed for the night and took a taxi home. Aside from a knowing glance, they said nothing to each other. Not until they were back in their flat, doors, for once, locked.
“Obviously.. So, hang on, what are we doing here?”
Sherlock tried to make John see he didn't blame him, but the Alpha seemed adamant. Maybe he needed some time.
“Something happened to Sherlock.” John simply stated, turning around, trying to make his way out of the room on wobbly legs.
“Okay, so, here we have three healthy little babies,” with these words, their hearts sank simultaneously and Sherlock drenched of what little colour he had gained from recent nutrition. “They are just a tiny bit less than average, but it looks to me like that will balance within the next week or two. Now this one,” she dragged the stick over to where their worry lay within Sherlock's pelvis, “I can already tell you is not going to do just as well.” her face looked a professional shade of empathetic. “Do you see how the other three move about already? This one doesn't. It's slightly underdeveloped and while the body might catch up, I'm afraid it will be at least mildly mentally disabled.”
John nodded in understanding. “Yeah.. I'm not really a favourite patient to anyone. I'm just glad I got them before my cycle started up again. Don't really fancy a heat right now.” He smiled a little. Sherlock's lip twitched in response.
“You're kidding, right? 'Course I'd.. like to. Between the kids and my job, I'd have to.. of course, but.. yeah.” he concluded and paused. “Yeah, I'd like that.”
Sherlock waved his hand sideways. “If that's what you wish to do.”
“Hey, I know you said I could stay here, but I'll do my best to get out as quickly as possible, yeah? You don't have to pretend.”
“Calm down!”
John smirked a little and went to sit down by his mate's side. The doctor chuckled kindly. “I am afraid we aren't that far yet. But I will say you are making extraordinary progress! I've seen a couple of Omegas in similar injuries and states, but only very few have showed natural healing processes
“No, no, sorry. Of course not... You do seem a little... sensitive, though. You ok?”
You may also notice that I'm changing the formatting to make the chapters look nicer and easier to read. There may still occur hiccups, but I'm working to fix everything from chapter 1 onward. If anyone feels qualified to Beta things for me (which also entails getting to read chapters early and potentially discuss story elements and give immediate feedback to me), please hit me up via email (kinkmerighthererightnow@gmail.com) or on tumblr (http://kinkmerighthererightnow.tumblr.com/), where I don't check regularly, but I'll still see it in time :) I do have the conditions that you be mature and have good English skills - otherwise I could just beta myself, which I'm simply too lazy to do.
She nodded, her face still scrunched up, but she was putting up a visible effort to kill the tears.
Carefully, hands laid down on his shoulders, asking for permission, before Sherlock started gently rubbing them. John was glad they were on one of the few streets in this part of London, where traffic wasn't too thick and their potential audience reasonably small. “I believe you, John.” Sherlock assured him and the Omega could see the Alpha's theories on the case dying away, replaced by the one solution proposed by his flatmate.
A grumble at the cashiers overly friendly tone and he was headed home, having had quite enough reminders gathered that confirmed he was to look like a pregnant horse in a short bit.
trying, Sherlock!” John retorted, head snapping up then ducking it again, palming his forehead as the image of Sherlock disappointed and alarmed face burned it's way into his mind. He didn't mean to sound so harsh.
They got a picture of the, unusually big, bundle of cells with them to be able to see developments over time and to compare the picture of this current state with the ones that were yet to come.
, take it a bit.. easier?”
“Understand that I am trying to help you, Sherlock!”
“Listen-”
a visit and it wasn't
“You want to know anything specific?” the Omega butted in. At Sherlock's confused look, John elaborated. “I thought you asked because you were interested in something. You're not usually very concerned for my... nature.”
“Oh, you think
Now he was looking at John's pups and whenever he did so, he felt odd; scared to touch them in case they would break, but somehow so in awe at how much they looked like their Omega. He'd never realised how much babies imitate their parents. Their facial expressions were so unmistakeably John, that it almost hurt his heart with adorableness. And loss and envy. The flat full of five little Johns and not one of them any more his than the man himself. It shouldn't make him feel so hollow, but for the first time in his life, he felt like he was missing something. This. He felt like he was missing this.
“Already am.” John replied, scraping the bell pepper from his cutting board into a bowl.
“I'm fine.” Sherlock replied, too quickly. “Just.. you know.. I never..”
“Yes,” he said with a lot of patience that John admired. He'd put that sock on five times already and judging by the rebellious grin on the girl's face, this wouldn't be the last time that night. “You go and... have sex.” There was some slight irritation both in Sherlock's voice and expression as he put the pup back on her feet.
“We know about him, but as for now, our hands are bound. He cannot be found.”
“It's not though, is it? I'm going to lose it. It is already dead, isn't it?” John was kissing his temple, brushing sweaty locks from his forehead and tears from his cheeks. Stupid omega nature. It would be easier to not care right now.
He was definitely, definitely pregnant. And this was all going to fast for him. Three weeks ago, he had never thought he'd develop an interest in sex, even
There's... "art"...
“Can be very complicated to handle.”
Slowly, the Omega sat up, kissed John while he rotated them upon his own axis and gently laid him down on the mattress, stretching out above him. He curled up a little to wrap John's legs around his waist and then crawled back up to kiss John again, ending on a thrust with his hips as he caged the Alpha's head with his forearms.
Finally, Mycroft opened up, just a little bit, and his reply was evenly voiced and entirely serious. “Because I worry about him. Constantly.”
“Oh, I see you have made a decision, then?” came the kind voice of Dr. Field and they broke apart, John smiling at her shyly. The John-kind of shy, that wasn't really shy, but rather John.
“What? No! No, I uh. No partner. Single Omega.”
“No, no. Just checking.” John answered giving a small smile that was returned before leaning down for a quick peck that ended in a deep kiss.
“We're going to have a disabled child.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“John,”
“Mh, yes, very good! And why would I want that?”
“You won't eat the soup, though.” John decided as he broke away briefly.
John sighed at being denied his children for longer, but had to agree. He excused himself, saying he'd get them as soon as he was done and made his way upstairs, where Sherlock had just put on the kettle and was taking off his coat. He enjoyed the warm spray more than he'd planned and caught himself nearly falling over in fatigue twice. After the second time, he decided to go safe and sat down in the tub, scrubbing idly at his skin to get off the horrendous stench of the young Alpha's pathetic shot at masculinity. By the time he emerged from the bathroom, he could hardly keep his eyes open any more.
Sherlock was sound asleep, so he touched his shoulder and shook it lightly. “Sherlock.” A low grumble sounded after a bit. “Lestrade's here, he wants to talk about the case.”
“I've only just realised how big your cock is.” the Omega said monotonously, like in shock.
“Never.”
Sherlock hummed around his mouthful in agreement. “Not to mention the paranoia.”
“One last question. How often do you copulate on a daily basis?”
“I love you.”
matter?”
Sherlock undressed immediately, inspecting his body in the mirror briefly. In the last two days, he had been able to observe a clear change in his belly's shape – it had started to get firmer and push outward instead of pooling around his hips like the jiggly fat that was slowly retreating.
John, eyes always averted, nodded. They took the last necessary steps to get ready and were on their way to Sherlock's specialist within a few, silent, minutes.
“I'm guessing you aren't supposed to have it any more, then?”
“Can you walk?” he asked weakly as he tried to keep his mind on getting Sherlock to a hospital and not ravaging him then and there to claim him.
“H-how do you know he's a Purist?”
With a start he finally jerked awake properly, out of his trance and he apologised to Sherlock for his absent-mindedness. “That's alright, you've been very busy. I just wanted you to get off the floor. It's not the most healthy place to sleep.”
There was a voice in his ear and a hand between his thighs. There were no real words and the voice was distorted, but it was comforting, it made him feel safe in the embrace of the Alpha. Warmth spread through his chest. He felt loved and appreciated for the first time in decades. The humming in his ear turned into a high pitch, whining, crying. He was conscious with a snap. The fingers nudging at his hole were his own and the cry was one of his babies. A brief pang of guilt was quickly pushed aside by grabbing a tissue and hand sanitiser and tending to his child. Soft fleece was a weird whisper against his fingertips as he bounced Rosie on his hip, shushing her softly. The bit of contact seemed enough to calm her down, but she remained restless, so John decided to take her downstairs. He didn't want the others awake as well yet. He set her down on the floor by his armchair, where Sherlock could have an eye on her while he used the loo. He didn't ask, he knew the Alpha would ignore him at best and tell him off at worst when engrossed in an experiment. Sherlock looked out for them on his own accord and without really noticing it, but John knew instinctual behaviour better and he certainly knew concern when he saw it, however cautious it may be.
“All due respect, I don't think this is your house and therefore I doubt you have the authority to kick me out.” Her smug voice spoke of a history of establishing hierarchy.
“One or two..” he dismissed as he sat up and started checking things on his phone.
“Freedom? No offence, Dr Watson, but you don't strike me as an Alpha to treat their Omega with an exceptional amount of love.”
He looked at John in his red armchair. This was the harshness, the strength that he needed; craved. Mycroft wouldn't understand. He was fluff, if anything in his pants was working at all. He didn't understand the beauty of a real dom.
Sherlock was just stirring his tea when Mrs Hudson opened the front door. He threw his teabag in the bin and turned to go upstairs. In the past week Sherlock had quickly learned that John preferred him not around when he was seeing patients, though mainly because he felt distracted whenever Sherlock was in his close proximity. He just turned the corner when John stuck out his foot making Sherlock trip and run right into John's patient, emptying half of his mug over the neat shirt collar. Sherlock straightened himself, looking back at the exasperated, and likely pained, Beta with a passive expression. He didn't much care. Only when he heard John stand up from his chair rather hastily, did a shiver run down his back.
He laid down on the bed, positioning himself on his side as to not hinder the movement to his rear. He was so actively focussed on his breathing, he barely heard the front door open over the noises in his room. There was a churning, then his own suppressed moan, then Sherlock's voice. “JOHN?” the Alpha called out to him, he could faintly hear Mrs Hudson adding a “smells like labour, dear.”
“You are everything I expected, Sherlock.” John said, a flirtatious, sexy tone to his voice. He was looking Sherlock up an down. Even from across the room could the Omega see how dilated John's pupils were, his eyes dark with lust. “Very precisely.” he nearly whispered.
I've been debating whether or not I wanted to share all of this with you or keep it to myself, but as I'm fearing the next wave of disappointment because John isn't a fuckboy and Sherlock not a brainless toy, I figured I would.
The men looked at one another at last, John taking and holding Sherlock's hand firmly.
John had forgotten Sherlock wasn't good with sentiments, especially in his favour. “And... I like them. I hope that doesn't make me sound like a paedophile.” They narrowed their eyes at each other after that statement.
There's requests and then there's blatant arrogance, and I do not play well with the latter.
“I don't live far away. I told my parents I was going to a friend's house, since we have the day off school.”
John looked back up at him. Sherlock was already looking like a glowing pregnancy again and John was just 'looking better'. He'd gained a few pounds, yes and was out of the danger zone, but only just so. If and when the Alpha let his body out of its grip again, John would still not be well. They were all just numbers applied to the general public, not a specific body. “Honestly, Sherlock, right now I'm just... terrified.”
. Tell me it's my fault. It
Moments later, the woman in question entered the room, closing the door behind her immediately. “Mr Holmes, Doctor Watson! It's good to see you again- are you alright?” Doctor Field stopped in her tracks as she felt the thick air in the room. She quickly opened her files, reports from the hospital had been sent over and added to them. “Is your bond okay? I've read about your special relationship and that you took a strong blow.” she said concernedly. “Ah, yes, here. Are you two okay?”
I had this chapter sitting almost finished for a couple weeks, but, having worked on it bit by bit and feeling unsatisfied by it, I changed some bits and especially then ending.
“Hmm, that's a nice fucking mental picture, love. Can you make that a promise?”
The man clicked his tongue, sighing, like this was an old game. “I do not intend to take it from you, I am merely offering forces beyond your abilities.”
“Oh, please! John, you are precisely 1.26 times my size, don't be so dramatic! You'd do all those things just fine! And anyway, you have stronger legs, you struggle less than I do!”
blue...”
He was just taking off his wet trousers as another contraction grabbed him right by the spine. He pressed a hand to his sagging belly, felt one of his pups stretch an elbow out to him.
And then it happened. Of course, it had to happen. It was more of his luck it hadn't happened for over a year.
“Yes. Of course.. Thank you.” And just like that, the conversation was shut down again. John still wasn't quite sure what he'd gotten himself into this time, but at least the conditions seemed an awful lot better than with any of the other Alphas. Sherlock wasn't hitting him for speaking without a direct order and he had yet to touch John in any way other than giving him his coat. Plus, he had his own room, which was plenty of space and the most he's ever had just to himself. He'd have to wait and see how it goes.
John made a noise that sounded like a vague answer if any. “I just don't think-,” he made a pause and pursed his lips. “I'll get back to you on this, okay?”
They got chatting. The landlady especially focused on complimenting him for his pups. He had to keep reminding her that he was a Purist and that their lack of noise and activity in this stage was normal. Her comments on his own development were much the same in terms of answering: Yes, it was usual for OPs to not be flabby after 'small' litters like this, their skin was very elastic. However, she seemed to like what he was getting most self-conscious about; his weight.
With a bad feeling, he made his way back downstairs.
“Neither am I.”
He ruffled his hair up, knowing how his unruly curls drove the Alpha mad and faced the door, kneeling on his bed, back straight and head hanging between his shoulders a bit.
He pushed himself off the bed, falling straight to kissing the floor, cursing his sleeping muscles and crawled over to the other side of the room. When he couldn't move any further, he stretched his body until he could reach the outermost curve of the plate, pulling it closer bit by bit.
“Blood, cloth, anything that could indicate a crime has taken place.” he said, turning towards them. “We should part ways for that, I suppose, might be faster. I have got some of my network on the case as well though, so we will likely have some information in no time.”
“Well.. you just bought me.” John repeated, dumbfounded.
“They said they will
It was nice, hearing that delightful sound ring through his chest, seeing the positive and open look in his eyes, feeling the memory settle into his mind palace. He leaned forward in his new position on his side, facing John, to kiss his mate fondly.
Sherlock frowned, narrowing his eyes. “My Alpha? John doesn't have anything to give to you.”
“Yeah, but it's still not the same position you're in, opposed to me. I mean, an omega prick would be no big deal, but yours is about beta size, which, in comparison, is a bloody big deal!.... Christ, you're just so big!”
Sherlock seemed to bloom with that question. “Appreciation! Applause! At long last the spotlight! That's the frailty of genius, John; it needs an audience.”
“We don't have to worry about money, I can work at home and am generally a rather energetic person, although I realise that the last weeks might not have been the best of examples for that...” he mused, both hands unconsciously coming to lay on his middle, shielding it, protecting the hint of life inside. “I didn't want to lose one pup. This doesn't change just because there is more of them now. I want us to try, John.” he decided, looking into John's eyes demandingly.
John, always the expectation-defying man, approached him again and gently forced his arms around Sherlock's body. “John, what are you doing?! No, don't, please, don't! Just go upstairs and I'll see a way to get to my room, just please, do not strain your back to carry me and risk losing control.
“Our current society is no less intelligent than hundreds of years ago.”
He turned back to watch himself from the side again. If only he wasn't pregnant, he'd simply stop eating, ignore the hunger, but, no! there was a pup to feed. He looked disgusting! This wasn't 'healthy weight' anymore, this was being overweight!
“You forget how quickly I fell for that man. Took me less than a day.”
“Well, how could I not with you constantly begging for either sex or food? It's good for my stamina, though.”
“Sherlock..” John whispered, unsure of what to think about this.
“Yeah, we appreciate that.” John said for both of them as Sherlock, again, didn't answer.
“He was my second partner's. But she loves him like her own.”
Jacob was just getting his breakfast stuck in his mouth when Lestrade arrived at the top of the stairs. John hadn't heard Mrs Hudson open the front door nor the heavy feet on the steps, but their doors were open and the DI wandered straight in. John had overslept that morning. He hadn't realised the day before, how drained all of it had left him. He put on a big smile that was only ¾ fake and greeted Greg.
Interesting. Usually, an Alpha would be proud to have an oversized cock, but apparently John was rather ashamed of it, although he had never been shy about sex before.
“Yes, you both know each other's habits very well after spending your childhoods together. A very good sibling bond. Can we move on now?” John interrupted again.
“I know, I just.. It
“Did you just decide about what will happen to my body?”
When Sherlock woke, he could faintly make out the frame of his brother's form by the windows.
“Well, then we're
He was joking, she didn't seem the kind, but her face fell. Then she leaned in closely. “I could have sworn they were green!” John chuckled and turned his face to the light for her to see better. “Damn, they
“Yes.” he agreed on the spot.
, but he had just been too careless, too ignorant, too sure of the wrong truth. And that's what it had gotten him into now.
John.
Reality made him snap out of his trance and John was there, looking concerned and asking if something was wrong, checking Kat for anything that might give Sherlock reason to space out.
After a while, Sherlock straightened and fled the embrace, clearing his throat in embarrassment as much as in apology for his behaviour. John let a hand glide down his arm to tell him it was okay.
“Good.” The Alpha answered, collecting himself, apparently. “That's that then.”
John empathetically stroked his back. “Sherlock, I think it hardly matters how much you eat –
“Fucking like crazy rabbits?” John supplied as rest of the question, now rather amused. “A good six days last time I checked and let me tell you I'm so-”
“What for?”
that. “How can you still trust me? After all the things you know about me, experienced yourself and haven't yet heard, how can still believe I am actually suited to bring up your children?“
. A mere year ago, he had never anticipated experiencing the punishing throb love left in his heart. He wouldn't believe himself an Omega had it not been proofed first hand.
“How could I ever..”
“Of course you are.” John's voice sounded lovingly delighted and a small kiss was pressed to the top of his head in greeting and he threw his head back to request more of the affection, but on his lips. It was granted. “You're still in you pyjamas! We wanted to go for a walk, Sherlock!”
“John's out.
Confusing because the sedatives he was on detached his mind so far from his body, he felt like a third presence in the room.
contact me if it was something serious?”
Not so John. John, when confronted, had been disbelieving, incredulous, he didn't take Sherlock for such a person because he had stepped into his life when things were going well, considering. He let Sherlock smoke, he was concerned and if he ever found him drugged, he would likely be angry, feel betrayed, but John would not hurt him for it because to John, Sherlock was a grown man, someone to take seriously, who made their own life-choices. Of course, in times like these John would probably hit him and hold him under quarantine if he ever shot up, but he simply wouldn't do that because John was there. John didn't fool him, didn't mock him. John saw him as a man. A man with a story to be told and kept secret. A man with priorities and quirks. A man with a life of his own, with privacy and drama because no one had ever listened to him. John would. That was all he needed – the knowledge that someone who mattered
“What did you expect?”
John felt like he was tied to the spot and white noise filled his ears. He was rigid beside Sherlock until the Alpha nudged him and suggested they leave. John had no idea how much of the conversation he'd missed. Once they'd left the street, Sherlock turned concerned eyes on him. “John, what happened?”
“You want to come, huh?” John huffed into his ear. “You want to spill against this wood, have it dribble down to the pillows? You want to clench around my cock? Make me shove it deep inside you so that my cum can fill you up, bloat your belly only to rush out as soon as I unplug myself from your arse?”
John eventually broke their silence by kissing Sherlock and then speaking. “Had I ever known what prostate stimulation really feels like, I would have done this ages ago.” he chuckled.
Oh, yes: new tag - TW: depressions
Anyway, I hope this very short chapter sort of makes up for it. Or maybe Sherlock and John make up (for it). You tell me - I've grown kinda numb to this story.
John lay his hand against Sherlock's neck, covering his most sensitive and intimate gland to comfort him. “I know. It's okay, the police will take care of her now.” he whispered back and Sherlock positively slumped against him in sudden relief.
He collapsed on top of Sherlock an the brunet softly rolled him over to lay beside him. There was still a look of concern adorning John's otherwise screwed up in pleasure face. The other Omega caressed his cheek. “It's okay, John. I'm inside you, that's my knot.” he murmured to the creature of instinct in front of him. Kissing him again. “You are going to have my pups.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“The worst.” John replied cheekily, stealing another kiss from his mate.
Sometimes, words would slip John's tongue, such as “good Omega, so obedient, so pregnant, carrying my child,” but neither would make a mention of it afterwards.
Sherlock pushed a hand under John's t-shirt, savouring the feeling of his softer middle, giving a soft sigh as he attempted to rub his crotch against John, but ended up pressing his belly against him instead, eliciting a small moan from John.
“I would advise you to stay away from him, but I can see from your left hand that's not going to happen.” He shouldn't. He shouldn't turn around. He should keep walking and not let Mycroft do this to him.
“Yeah, you still have that bloody smell on you, though!”
As if on cue, the droning sound of an ambulance approaching echoed through the settlement. The car had barely stopped, the men hardly gotten out when John was already on them, ordering them to get Sherlock on a stretcher immediately. Naturally, the Omega picked up a fight again as John tried to get him off his arms, but he silenced his pleas by giving him the most longing kisses of his life. He was quiet only temporarily, but distracted enough for John to make him let go.
“Everything!” Sherlock exclaimed with an annoyed huff of breath. He loathed the fact that he couldn't get enough food these days when usually he rarely even felt hungry. He was going to look like his brother when all this was over, he was sure.
“When I wake up from a nap and you're not here, you haven't gone for a quick run by Baker Street, have you? You just go there to collect an alibi.”
Nevertheless, Mycroft's words remained present in the back of his mind. Danger was still lingering possibly anywhere.
“You'll talk to my brother.”
“Through our bond.” John replied as if it was the most obvious thing in the world.
John had been hooked right from the beginning. Sherlock had tested the grounds and got surprised.
John reached out with his free hand, palming his cheek and wiping at the tear that forced its way out.
“Mmh, yes, I do..” Sherlock grinned back, diving in for a new round of kisses.
“Oh, yes, mock me all you will, Mycroft, no one can blame you for your ignorance on what it means to be an Omega. How would you? You already live the difficult struggle of being an Alpha!” Sherlock agreed in mock indignation.
Sitting in the showcases, being fucked and ignored; it showed him who he was and what he was for. He knew the worst things that would be done to him.
In the morning, John was gone early, had only briefly woken Sherlock to tell him he was off, there was breakfast in the fridge to re-heat in the microwave and a not-so-chaste morning and good-bye kiss.
This shows in my depiction of each of the characters involved, for example Mycroft. I love Mycroft, he's probably my favourite character on the show and it's just very hard to correctly translate him into fanfiction. Not, that it isn't with Sherlock and John themselves, since they are both absolutely complecated characters as well, but of them we see a lot more than of Mycroft, leaving us with more material on behaviour, language and reaction. Mycroft is a character yet to fully develope to our eyes..
“I see.. Mr. Holmes, how strong were the cramps, would you say, on a scale from 1 to 10?” the young woman asked, directing her gaze entirely to Sherlock now.
John laid his arms around him lazily, tilting his head to the side to give Sherlock unhindered access.
“Don't worry. You seemed like the day was finally catching up to you and there are more pleasant sights than you falling on the stairs and potentially squishing your babies.” The flat way in which Sherlock said that made John swallow hard. It really wasn't a nice image in his mind. Sherlock offered him a cup of tea, but didn't let John take it. Instead he motioned for John to take a seat in his armchair in the living room and set the mug down on the small round table beside him. John took a sip and was happy to find that the drink was at just the right temperature now. Reclining in his chair, he rubbed a hand over his eyes.
in such a position! I hope you're proud of your daughter because
When he was done, he lay down between them, arms like walls around them so they couldn't fall off the bed.
“Would you shut up for a second.” Sherlock asked him and John fell silent immediately, looking at his mate for some sort of feedback. When Sherlock did finally turn to him, there was something akin to an apology engraved in his features. “I didn't-”
“Well, I hope you already informed them about your precise plans then?”
sane. There were times you were struggling with raising your share of the rent and working cases with me. That's when you worked nine hours at maximum a day. How can you begin to think to feed six, work more than half of the day and work with me to keep me in my right mind? It's humanly impossible, John!” Sherlock almost pleaded for John to understand, to shed free from his pride and accept some help for the sanity of both of them. It was odd, Sherlock being the reasonable one out of the two of them. It needed to change soon.
When Sherlock eventually opened his eyes, recovering from his orgasm, a flood of relief rushing from him into John, the Alpha looked wrecked, spent and utterly in awe. Sherlock reached out and caressed his cheek, wiped the cum off his chin.
“I never thought of these crimes as something that could happen in my own life. Then again, I never thought I'd make friends with somebody, let alone find a mate or have children.” Sherlock admitted after a while. “Do you really think we will be able to keep them safe from these things?” he asked honestly, looking down at where his hands roamed his shirt-clad belly.
“Why bother?” he gasped as a response, attacking John's mouth again as he struggled to get him all the way in. He moaned at the delicious pain when he realised he wouldn't manage right away and instead moved up again, starting to very slowly ride John and taking in a little more each time he slid down. There was a moment he clawed to John's shoulders wincing as the Alpha's cock nudged against his prostate. “How did I never realise how big you are?”
John took a quick, deep breath, avoiding eye-contact. “I took it a bit too personally. I got too involved.” He briefly caught Sherlock's eye with that last sentence.
“What does?” Greg continued t ask gently.
“Jesus, John, you alright?!” Greg asked with audible worry as he helped his friend back up.
John took a very short time to think about that. He knew that was true, but, surely, times didn't change this quickly. People were just teaching their children these new things. Their generation was still raised by the old standards, equality having been nothing more than a dream no one dared to utter in public.“Why are you being so kind to me?”
“Because” John drew out the word at least twice as much as he needed to, but this conversation was annoying him already. Again. “dear heart, I am about 5 times the size of you and the time I need to even get up, let alone waddle to the kitchen and try reaching the counter only to waddle back without spilling any of the hot chocolate on the floor – which I couldn't even dream of cleaning up – you could have been making six cups without the slightest difficulties.”
“I'm just saying that 'home' can be anywhere you call it. My home is 221B; without my brother, without a mate, without children.”
was John's perfect mate.
The next two and a half minutes were indescribable, heavenly, soft animalistic moans resonating in his mouth, John's voice ringing through his entire body, his long and wide girth stretching him in the best way possible. It was driving him insane, the infinite pleasure and yet not reaching the peak, lingering right there on the verge of what seemed promising to be the most amazing sensation of his life, John teasing him, keeping him there even as he could feel the light swell of John's knot right there, pushing against the rim, but never in.
“We pway hide an seek!” piped Rosie happily.
John, having followed him, sat down in one of the chairs around the table. “So, um.. About my pups..” the Omega began tentatively. Now was as good a time as any. He'd hoped Sherlock would pick up on his intentions, but he didn't answer yet. “I mean, I get you don't want me as your mate, but if you're buying me stuff, you seem to want me to stay at least. The other Alphas never let me keep the pups I had conceived from my previous owner and I'm kind of confused right now.. Do you want me to give them away? They aren't yours, but you don't want me to have yours either, right?”
If you have, aside the destruction and pure fire, any kind words like prompts for topics of future chapters, let me know! I've got a lot of chapters to write and will no doubt run out of plot eventually ^^'
John remained calm. “You're not ready yet.” he replied, beginning to make their coffee as usual. He then turned around, throwing Sherlock a smile, but his expression was entirely even, muted. “You're not ready for the real deal.”
“Yeah, okay. If you say you're ready, we'll practise. But you need support, Sherlock. If you fall, in your condition, you might hurt the pups. Let me help you and we'll take it one step at a time. Literally.”
“Angelo.” John specified, inclining his head in the general direction in which the owner of the restaurant had gone. “He seemed very... keen.”
Sherlock's counter-argument was simple, but heavy. “Not every Alpha in our society is a sexist, John. Times are changing.”
John nodded tensely before turning back around and re-entering the flat. “Sherlock,” he said softly as he approached his mate, still unsettled in his chair, outwardly noticeable by the clenched jaw and densely fixed eyes. “Hey, love.. It's ok. For now, everything's fine.” Somehow the fact that John was present was enough to ease his mind somewhat. His mate was there. His Alpha wasn't leaving him. John wasn't angry. John gave him a chance to save their pup.
Panic gripped him. His hands lashed out at John, hitting his sides. “HONEYBEE!” he cried out his safe word. “HONEYBEE!”
“Do you feel like you have to?” Again he shook his head.
Sherlock threw him an arrogant smirk. “Don't you know? The most intelligent tend to be the most unhappy.”
As soon as he was spent, the Alpha pulled out of him, zipped his trousers and wordlessly left the room. Sherlock threw up as he felt the foreign semen spurt out of him, drenching the mattress. He coughed heavily, choking on the bitter, thick fluid and hung his upper body lifelessly over the side of the bed as it contracted and expelled more of his stomachs few contents.
“I'm not stupid, John, I know we are.” he snapped back. He didn't mean to snap! There was a pang of hurt in his chest and he knew it wasn't his own, but a second later, it was gone and he was only half-complete again. The hand left, the warmth left and there was only the clattering of porcelain. Sherlock rolled over to face the back of the funiture.
It felt weird, intrusive, but also exciting and promising and as confusing as that was, he enjoyed it just the tiniest bit. He moved up the lanky body a bit so that Sherlock could reach more easily, but they could keep kissing.
“Christ, you're just so big?”
“Yes. So don't go to your mind palace now.”
“I delivered as requested. The hospital staff will not ask questions. But, if I may, brother dear, this might not be the method that will help your mate.”
There he was, musing about the discomfort in his abdomen that didn't fit the feeling of any sickness he knew.
“Let's hope it doesn't get my social skills.” he went on, raising an eyebrow.
“John. It's just a carpet.”
“Well,
“That's not your mocking face. What's wrong, love, what have you been thinking about?” the other asked, placing the items back down on the coffee table, then rounding it to kneel in front of his mate.
“Of course, yes. Enough for a lifetime, far too much.” John replied quietly, like in remembrance of his fallen mates.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sherlock. Stop. Please. You'll regret it later.” John was trying to get him off of himself. Why did he so desperately want to get rid of him?! Was he not an adequate mating partner? Had he done something wrong? Disobey any rules? Why did John, his beautiful John, not want him? Was he not good enough? If so, how could he become good enough to please John?
To test that, the Omega threw a fast and unexpected punch at John, which was blocked quite skilfully. “Well.. m-maybe..” Sherlock admitted, a bit stunned at John's sudden reaction when he had remained so passive before, taking hits and blows just to not hurt his mate. “Why-?”
“But-”
“John, you think I have Asperger's. That's a form of autism. You love me. Why would you not love your own child?”
“Beats me.” John replied simply.
“Greg.”
you, John, but I'm an individual. I agreed to set down work for the last couple of months and to not pursue the dangerous ones. That does
“You're sure?”
“Kate, right? We're searching for a young Omega. A boy. He came here frequently with an Alpha. These are their pictures. Do you recognise either of them?”
“Oh, well..” she started, clearly taken by surprise herself. “In that case, Mr. Holmes, chances are rather high, depending on the exact amount and kind you have been doing.. But so far your body seems reasonably healthy, which could be a side-effect of your secondary gender having washed through you, cleaned up this and that. Omegas tend to have a good self-resolving system. You won't go without long term effects, that's for sure, but you might be lucky and fairly well reconstructed.” she explained, lastly switching on the machine and turning it away from their eyes, clearly wanting to prevent unprepared shock and drama.
The Omega himself, however, was less than pleased. In his impatience, his annoyance that his plan wasn't working, he got demanding. “How am I not what you expected, John?!”
“I fear we'll have to eventually. I have a suspicion she might plan to return eventually.”
Greg, too, scrunched up his face pretty hard. “What do
“There's no stopping you, is there? And the Yard's storage of cold cases is limited after all.” John replied with a grin.
This was their secret, shared with no one but the life growing inside his womb, the product of their eternal bond.
Lestrade chuckled lightly, then turned to take his leave. “Oh, and, uh, Sherlock? You're looking good for a change. Couple of extra pounds suit you well. You look healthy.”
John nodded. “Is that why you made tea?” he asked, looking at Sherlock. His own smirk was answered by an unamused look.
To think these four little dreams could ruin it all... he inhaled sharply, pulling out of his little blues and concentrating on the task at hand: finding clothes for the foreseeable future. After picking and trying on a number of outfits that looked the most descent this shop got (dark blue, green and purple t-shirts) he selected ten of the shirts (green ones with buttons down the collar in a short row or just plain, blue and purple ones following the same 'style') and ten black and dark blue trousers with elastic bands out of the mid-sixth-months section. He'd wear belts a long as necessary and could go from there!
So, yeah.. I'm not completely happy with this, but I've come to accept that I'm simply just a bad writer ^^ I shouldn't use that smiley - it's a dark chapter
John growled appreciatively sliding onto the bed to let his hand join Sherlock's. “Careful. It's very tender at the moment.. the stretching hurts a little.”
normal? Do you want that?”
bad.”
Sherlock hesitated a moment, then almost smiled. “Wanna see some more?”
“John, people aren't perfect. Stop thinking you could be. Yes, you will make mistakes. I will make mistakes, too. That is how we learn to do it right.”
month belly as they stumbled into the bedroom. They reversed their routine to get down on the bed, stabilising each other to prevent falling.
Having had quite enough of suppressing his urges to comfort the stressed Omega over the last few weeks and being shut out by him continuously, Sherlock turned to him, back straightened to his full height. “Stop doing that. I don't know what you think we are to each other, but I deserve a little more than this, John. I have done nothing but treat you as an equal, which is not an invitation for you to treat me like anything less. God knows I don't care about all the Alphas you've fucked, but when they come into our home and start harassing you, and me, it becomes my business. Who was that woman?”
He jerked his head to get those memories off his mind. Finding himself back inside a safe room, big and, incredibly, his own, calmed him, to say the least. He looked down at his swollen belly, gave it a few loving caresses. Say what you want, but John could never not love any of the pups he was carrying, even though they had never been conceived willingly on his part. After a moment, he paused, looking straight ahead, contemplating. May as well try, he figured, pushing himself up with a grunt. The risk was no greater than usual: he was either kept or brought back.
