'Alone?' John asked, an ache twisting in his chest only to ease when Sherlock gave his head a single, quick shake. 'Right.' He wet his lips, throwing off the quilt and scrambling to his feet. 'Right.'
For a few, tense seconds, he wondered if this was where it all went wrong. If this was where these people turned around and told him that someone else had already picked Rosie up and driven off with her. A moment later they returned, carrying Rosie and her bag before surrendering them both to him with a smile and a cheerful "See you tomorrow!"
Before he could look closer, Sherlock stepped back. His fingers trailed the wing of John's collar before he tilted his head towards the door. 'Come on. Let's see what we can find to support your theory.'
'Don't try anything like that again.'
'Threw a spanner in the works?' Greg suggested.
'Did we win?' John asked, his voice hitching over the radio channel. 'Is it over?'
Then, there was Mary. She had not been lying when she claimed an ordinary life was something she craved. Unlike John, she did not merely say so to conform to some societal expectation. A marriage, a home and a family had been her goal, and she had achieved it. John just so happened to be the most convenient foundation on which to build her future: an easy target.
'What about me? What do you want me to do?' John gestured around the kitchen, which looked more like an explosion in a library than a place to prepare food. There were pages and photographs everywhere, some organised in haphazard timelines while others had been pushed aside in disgust.
'I don't need to,' Sherlock replied, scanning the room before speaking again. 'These are his trusted, most competent fighters. I can see four in bouts currently who reflect that level of aptitude, which suggests one is either awaiting their turn or has chosen not to attend practice tonight. Possible, but unlikely. To get this good at fencing you have to be ambitious and competitive. Few who achieve a high level would voluntarily miss a practice.'
“Not much room here,” he remarked plainly. “Bed.”
"I think you're being too hard on yourself, Sherlock. You didn't choose this. No one would think less of you just because... because you have an illness."
"Why do I feel a "but" coming on...?" Mary asked, her previously jovial face clouded with worry. John hated himself for letting his insecurities affect their relationship negatively, but he also knew that there was no hope for them unless he was honest; or as honest as he could bring himself to be, anyway.
Was a person required to have been missing for twenty-four hours before the police would officially file a missing persons report? If Sherlock's suspicions turned out true, Mary did not have twenty-four hours. In fact, she might not even be alive anymore.
"Uhh... I guess..."
She gave a high-pitched giggle and continued to fondle him. "Sweetheart, there's no one here. We can do whatever we want."
"Let's see what else we can find," the detective ordered.
Suspiciously squinting with eyes that were unusual in both shape and colour, William peered up at the older boy as if he was expecting Mycroft to purposely trick him.
"My bloody girlfriend, that's what's going on!" John hissed, and shame over what he had done washed over him like a huge black wave of crude oil. What had he been thinking? And more importantly, what could he do to make things right?
John paused outside the front entrance, listening intently, but all he could hear besides his own pounding heart was the faint rustling of leaves nearby. As silently as possible, he pulled the creaking door open and entered.
Mary tilted her head, now upright and treading water. She gazed up at him with slight confusion. "Aren't you getting in?" she asked.
Pouring the pills into his palm, he took a closer look, and his brow knit at their features. Some of the engravings were from the usual painkillers, but others required that John search through his own personal memories as a doctor. He could not be positive, but his suspicions of the pills’ identity were worrying nonetheless.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes irritably. “One would think that you were suffering from dehydration instead of me. It’s obviously…” he paused when he turned the camera back to himself and saw the screen for himself. It was blank. With a hint of desperation in his eyes, he repeatedly pressed the power button, and then finally cursed in resignation.
The question mentally stopped John in his tracks. He frowned at the notion and stared at Mycroft's unreadable expression.
“Well, soon I won’t have to worry about him at all,” John concluded. “It’ll be just you and me.”
Peeking inside, Mary grasped John’s hand. “All to ourselves,” she announced gleefully. “Let’s go!”
The doctor scowled, unable to read Mycroft's opinion on the matter from the politician's face.
They had not replaced the gag on Sherlock, so supposedly the younger man had realized words were a lost cause and accepted the virtue of silence.
John's eyes bulged when the door handle suddenly turned, and he spun around, ready to throw himself at the door to keep it from opening, but it was too late. Mary stood in the doorway, her silhouette dark against the ambient lighting of dusk.
"No!" William cried with continued defiance. "It burns, Mycroft! I don't want it!"
Though the lack of movement beneath his eyelids indicated Sherlock did not presently dream, his brother had to wonder what was unfolding in his brain when he did. Was the flurry of images stifled by his sedation, or did they still lurk unnoticed by the outside world? Either way, his little brother had always been a victim of disruptive sleep. If Mycroft were to nod off, he half expected Sherlock to wake him with some problem. It had happened so often when they were young...
Sherlock gagged for a moment from the mere taste and smell of the vehicle antifreeze which had been forced down his throat, but he did not vomit. He was especially relieved that he managed to keep himself from swallowing. Of course, the intent behind the wiry bastard's actions was not unreadable. Even an idiot could have deciphered what had nearly happened.
Although Sherlock was presently allowing his hand to be held…
Sherlock gave her a supercilious smile. "We won't need a map, when we've got something much better," he said.
Of course, he reminded himself. It could never be so easy. The soldier in him dared not take anything for granted.
"Can ya gimme yer name? What's yer name, son?"
Browsing through the images, John saw nothing amiss for the most part. Sarah had photographed herself in various self-indulgent poses as though she were being photographed for the shoot of an adult magazine. She had positioned herself in front of various trees and foliage. A naturist in nature, as it were. One of the last photos depicted not Sarah but the forest in general. The trees seemed to go on forever, the skies a deep blue with very few clouds.
"Will?"
"Oh yes... I see. You want to know about the extent of his injuries."
Anthea stood waiting for him just outside, the essentials she had provided for him under one arm.
"Sir?" Anthea's voice took on a decidedly guarded tone. "He's Sherlock's partner, surely you agree he deserves to be informed--"
What was she supposed to do now? Leave the car and walk? At least it offered a modicum of shade and protection from the elements. The sun was relentlessly and mercilessly baking the landscape with afternoon heat. If she couldn't find help, she might get even more lost and possibly die from heatstroke, like Sherlock had been close to doing the previous day.
It took him less than half an hour to shower, shave and dress himself in a new, fresh set of clothing. He decided to forego his usual grooming session, which included plucking his unruly eyebrows into a more conservative shape and applying concealer to his face to cover up his abundant freckles. Mycroft was accustomed to getting ready on short notice and saw no point in dallying.
Still, Mycroft felt another breath, weak but still not imagined. He placed a hand against his brother's throat and felt an equally fragile pulse.
Due to the large amount of flames sent to us recently, my co-author and I have decided we need to make something infinitely clear.
"If you let me finish, I'll let you!" Sherlock growled back. "First, the giant. Well over two metres tall, judging by the size of his boots and the length of his stride. Now, if you look at the prints."
John gave a derisive snort. "Yeah, very likely in a place like this!"
The receptionist, now looking like she had caught onto Sherlock’s jab, was no longer smiling. At least it meant her teeth were no longer showing. She handed him some keys, their number engraved into the metal.
One of the mountain men belched. Sherlock swore he could detect the foul smell from across the room.
Obviously, Mycroft thought.
John smiled, squeezed out a tiny bit more aloe, and reached over to Sherlock’s face, applying it to his friend’s nose.
Huge, hairy hands closed vice-like around his shoulders and he found himself crying out. The brute lifted him off the ground, foul breath beating against his face as the monstrous thing scrutinized him with misaligned eyes. His heart lurched as he made the connection: this had to be the owner of those giant footprints.
TBC...
However… He would not mind at all if the scrawny whore happened to die. Considering Sawtooth had decided he wanted to keep the whore, there was nothing Three-finger could do without drawing attention to himself and thus earning a hefty punishment. Unless… the Outsider died by itself.
John swallowed, fighting against the hurt that suffused the cavern of his ribs. The shattered glass fragments of his life had taken another blow, sharp edges jostling to cut at his flesh even as he struggled to get the words out. His lips felt numb around them, and his heart weighed heavy with the solid, brutal truth of it.
She was a little thankful that they needed to restock on groceries. It hurt a little too much to stay in the lodge at the moment, and going out for a couple of hours might be a fitting distraction. With a rueful sigh, she surmised that she must have still loved John for it to still hurt like it did.
He was never so happy to see Sherlock's face. Sherlock allowed himself a smile, and though his expression was marred by discomfort and pain, his smile was genuine.
Sherlock proceeded to slam his cast-covered forearm hard against the side bars of his hospital bed, pulling Mycroft from his thoughts. A sickening crack of something breaking could be heard, and the elder Holmes dearly hoped it was the cast and not the ulna Dr. Nasim had spent hours piecing together in the operating theatre. He hated the thought of Sherlock losing another limb due to his own stupidity.
“No, no!” the woman blurted, loudly enough to bring the attention of several others around them. “If my suspicions are correct, we shouldn’t go into the woods.”
The Outsider took in a mouthful of the foul liquid, but he refused to swallow. Three-finger was not surprised. A clever whore like this had figured out his plan very quickly. Once it swallowed, it would vomit. Three-finger would replace the tape when that happened, and if it was not enough, he had another roll to reinforce the barrier. The bitch would choke and drown in his own sick, and with a little luck, the chemical would not be detected by the time Sawtooth discovered the death of his plaything.
"If we stay here any longer, we'll end up like that poor Russian guy Tom Hanks played!"
Things are about to get ugly now, folks! Sensitive readers, be warned.
“There are seats in the shower stalls,” he said, putting his arms under Sherlock’s. “Uuup we go! “
What IS a mind palace? Oh, that's right...
Crouched down behind a moss-covered boulder, John decided to hazard a glance in the direction of the childish laughter and was able to observe his attacker properly for the first time.
John picked up on the way the civil servant said 'friendship'. The warnings from the past rang clear in his memories.
He closed the door, much to the relief of his assistant, and moved on. John spied a nearby dresser-drawer and, taking some initiative, opened one of the drawers. Sarah’s clothes were still folded inside. Sherlock joined John’s side and patted the attire, feeling something solid within the folds. He removed a framed photograph of Sarah in a wedding gown, a suited man at her side. The image looked to be at least 20 years old, based on the level of fading color and image quality.
“What is that?” he asked, looking for the zoom option on the device. Finding it, he zoomed in on the sky. Fortunately, the scene had been photographed in high resolution, and the detail was still in clear quality. An area of the sky was slightly darker, stretching upward and dissipating.
Sherlock's head snapped up. "Is that right?" he said bitterly. "Weren't you just now wondering if you've been dealing with a crazy person? Would you even have wanted to move in with me if you'd known?"
The blast of a shotgun tore through the air moments later, and John felt a sudden and intense pain in his right shoulder. The greater part of the leaden shots fired at him had missed their target and entered the coursing waters beneath him, but a few embedded themselves in his body with enough force to throw him back several feet. John landed heavily on his back, momentarily stunned, and could now discern the massive alpha standing on the rocky ledge above him. But more importantly, he saw the giant loading a new pair of cartridges into the double-barreled shotgun.
Sherlock merely grinned. "Maybe now is your chance. It's what you want, isn't it?"
He fished Sarah Cavanaugh's digital camera out of his jacket pocket with deft fingers and snapped a few pictures, flash off so as not to alert anyone outside of the activities. He was fairly sure that if the family were home, he would have heard from them by now.
With a shout of triumph, the giant threw Sherlock down onto his bed. The detective's head banged hard against the metallic headboard, and John almost wished his friend would lose consciousness and thus be spared the experience awaiting him.
Oh, that was an instruction John did not require at present. He was prepared to stay put for days on end if it meant being there for Mary's return. However, Sherlock's most recent research had left him with a sinking sense of dread, and in a corner of his heart he had begun to doubt he would ever see Mary again.
Mycroft slowly took a seat on the edge of Sherlock's bed, careful not to disrupt his brother's injured body in any way. The fingers of Sherlock's left hand twitched, and Mycroft could also observe a flutter of rapid eye movements behind Sherlock's closed eyelids. The area around his left eye was still swollen and horribly discoloured, but at least he should be able to open it… to a degree, anyway. Mycroft tried to mentally prepare for the sight of Sherlock peering at him with blood-coloured eye-whites. Sherlock had, perhaps due to his mental illness, always been exceptionally sensitive to signs of rejection or contempt - real or imagined - on other people's faces, and Mycroft knew that his best efforts side, Sherlock would be able to tell if his sibling experienced disgust in response to his appearance.
Sherlock looked to be ignoring the brute as well, and the distant look in his blue eyes read of more than just an attempt to mentally escape the situation. Sherlock was trying to think of a way out of this. He was scanning the place for something to help them escape.
"Right."
Speaking of choking…
"What?" The detective looked from his friend to the woman, wondering why they both seemed so cross with his proposal. It made perfect sense, didn't it? "I was only suggesting a way for dear Mary to be of some use while we investigate. Now how about that map?"
"Pretty far from where the other survivor is stationed..." the worker continued.
The SWAT team members scattered and offered their British escort a free pass to the newly unearthed grave. There, packaged up in a dirty old suitcase, most likely snatched from a previous victim, lay the long, narrow body of Sherlock Holmes, the world's only consulting detective. Despite the roominess of the case's storage area, Sherlock's body had been folded almost in half to fit, forced into a position a human - with the rare exception of certain Yoga champions - could not maintain for more than a few minutes without severe pain. Sherlock was naked, and his normally smooth, pale was skin scraped and bruised in more places than it was unmarked as well as caked with dirt, dried blood, and various other bodily fluids.
"Vaguely," John said, trying not to bristle. He did remember, as well as Sherlock insinuating that Mary likely wanted to come here to visit deformed relatives.
No. John angrily resisted. No, he would not play their game. He squeezed his eyes shut, refusing to look. They could force him in this direction all they bloody wanted, but he would not look.
"So..." John suggested, "small stride, small person?"
John tried to inch forward, pushing with legs already trembling from exhaustion, but he could move very little. Or not at all, in fact.
Sherlock fought not to swallow too much of his own blood, as his empty stomach was bound to have a bad reaction to it. He did not want to find out what these monsters would do to him if he threw up, and on top of everything, he had to try to hang on to his liquids.
John smiled. “You’re right. It probably explains why he was so angelic when we left.”
“I think I have some aloe salve in my bag,” Mary said, searching through the luggage.
"Yes, tea would be lovely," John replied with a wan smile. As soon as Mary was out of sight, he opened his tightly closed fist to examine the mysterious pill closer. Round, approximately one centimeter in diameter, groove in the middle to make for easier splitting. The letters CPN were engraved above the groove, and the number below it said 100. 100 milligrams, then.
Blood continued to seep from the perforated vein on the back of Sherlock's hand, onto the bed sheets and Sherlock's own naked skin. Mycroft could feel the raw, feverish heat radiating off of his brother's struggling body even through the several layers of cloth between them. The smell of sweat, terror, and hospital disinfectants made for one heady mixture in the small space, and Mycroft felt momentarily nauseated. At least the urinary catheter prevented any potential humiliating accidents involving bladder control from occurring.
During one fleeting moment of total clarity, John wondered who was going to pay for his care. He knew that no hospital could turn down a patient in need of emergency medical treatment regardless of legal status or citizenship in the US, where public health insurance did not exist. He had, however, actively chosen not to sign up for travel insurance that covered medical expenses, as such an expense would have put an increased strain on his meager budget.
The absence of a window in the small office-turned-resting space made it impossible for him to estimate the time he'd been asleep, but if his internal clock was anything to go by, he'd guess no more than two hours… but the jetlag might also have impacted his sense of time. There was no way to be sure.
The nurse left without further ado. John hoped he had not scared her badly enough to have her call security on him, but it would not be a surprise at this point. Nothing would. Nothing mattered, either. Except Sherlock.
"Just a second!" Near-frantic, John folded his arms across his chest to keep his robe closed while trying his best to obliterate any proof of having slept in Sherlock's bed. Yanking out a pillow that had his head print on it, John failed to notice that Sherlock's head rested between that and another similar one. A clanking noise could be heard from the detective's skull hitting the headboard.
Almost immediately John looked away. He could not bear to see his friend treated in such an abhorrent way. Sherlock was so very, very proud, and to watch his honour be taken from him by a clan of inbred degenerates was truly breaking John's heart.
The consideration of the other man's present state granted John a slight bit of patience, and he wrote down another comment, underlining it:
"Does Sherlock know you've discovered his medication?" Mycroft asked, faintly switching gears.
Mary pursed her lips, wanting so badly to believe every word John Watson was saying, to forgive him, to pretend he had not just shagged another man during her brief absence. Her pride and common sense, however, strongly advised against it. One did not simply forgive infidelity without at least thinking it through first.
"Your assistant... You mean your blogger?"
“Alright, I get it. I’m fucked up,” John huffed, separating from Sherlock and rolling on his side, turning his back to the younger man. Sherlock was about to return to his analogy, but he could tell John was annoyed now, even with his inability to read others’ emotions. He turned his head and watched the steady rise and fall of John's side with each breath, garnering a certain amount of amusement from the soft, doughy nature of the doctor’s flesh.
"No."
A few more seconds of wet, open-mouthed kissing and frantic grinding against each other, and  John's pleasure finally erupted in a long-awaited climax. He thrust up into Sherlock until his spent cock flagged enough to make continued penetration difficult, and then fell back against the pillows, chest heaving and limbs simultaneously both lax and tingly from the intensity of the orgasm.
Mycroft was also well-aware of the fact that he was personally to blame for at least one of these events, and Sherlock had never really forgiven him for it. It was a disheartening thought that now he might never get a chance to earn his brother's forgiveness. Mycroft, of course, had never expected Sherlock to live a full lifespan, not with the way he chose to live on the edge practically on a daily basis, but he had somehow always hoped for more time. Mycroft Holmes, who was famous not only for his rapier wits and unprecedented powers of observation, but his equally sharp management and organizational skills, was at a loss when it came to managing Sherlock.
Not that he was angry with Sherlock, not really; rather this was a case of redirected aggression with Sherlock as the only available outlet for John's indescribable rage, and under normal circumstances John would have realized this and instantly apologized to his best friend for the harsh and unfair string of accuses. This was, however, as far from 'normal circumstances' as one could get, and at that moment it felt good to hurt Sherlock, to make him experience just a fraction of the pain Mary had been made to endure in her final moments before death.
"Let him through," the team leader ordered, his words accompanied by a weary sigh. Mycroft guessed he was close to retirement. "It's his brother."
He wished he could believe himself.
John very nearly said the word again, but he managed to hold himself back at the last moment. He looked down and gave a deep breath. Sherlock had not made a sound since the reveal. John was personally grateful about his partner’s absence, as part of his mind that was not working on an apology had the deepest urge to punch him in his pleasurable little mouth.
The doctor eyed through the chart attached to the footboard of Sherlock's bed - likely his sedation and anesthesia journal - and quickly turned his attention back to Mycroft.
John could only imagine the man's response to such inquiries, and what his mind conjured up was not even remotely positive. With any luck, they would have time to get off the man's property before he returned with a shotgun.
"Western Maryland Health System is relatively close to us, and its supplies are more up to date," a medivac worker shouted out in suggestion as they all gathered inside the thunderously loud aircraft.
“Oh, there’s more to it than just how people’s breasts hang and the size of a man’s penis,” the receptionist chattered on, leaving John all the more surprised. The woman did not seem to realize she had been outright insulted.
Mycroft briefly debated with himself over whether to mention that Sherlock had a history of opiate abuse and thus should not be given morphine for a multitude of reasons, but he did not voice his concern. Partly because he knew his brother would be in a lot of pain no matter what, and there was no substance that was quite as effective as morphine, and also because he presently could not be bothered to care whether Sherlock developed an addiction. That he was alive was a miracle in itself.
“Right, then,” Sherlock announced quietly. “Now we…” he trailed off as he turned to address John, realizing the doctor was no longer by his side. In fact, John was already walking down the main road.
"Oh... okay." Nasim pulled out a chair of his own and sat down, seemingly repeating a well-practiced sentence in his own head before speaking out loud. "The surgery was completed without any undue complications. Your brother is at the PACU, and if things go well, he should come out of the anesthesia and be able to breathe on his own no later than tonight."
The sudden proximity of Mycroft's left hand caused him to act on pure impulse, and he bit into the limb, catching his brother completely off guard. For a brief moment he thought he could taste blood and was instantly assaulted by an assorted flash of recent memories, most of which involved the deformed faces of his inhuman captors leering down at him and trying to make him eat.
"Well it would certainly be easy for this fellow to abduct his victims, based on his size alone," he observed.
John was presently muttering out every expletive he could think of. He had reached the river quite quickly, but the current was immeasurably strong. John thought himself a decent swimmer, but this surge would unquestionably wash him downstream. The doctor considered running along the shore until he could find a more manageable area to swim across... but what if he was followed? What if the water there was shallow enough for his attackers to wade through?
The cabin was an old-fashioned timber cottage with very little space, although it did have - thank the lord - two separate bedrooms. Sherlock was quick to simply dump his luggage on the floor and immediately occupy the bathroom. John and Mary could soon hear the sound of running water. While John was pleased that his flatmate had decided to wash himself, he couldn't help but worry that there would be no hot water left for the rest of them.
"Focus, John. Breathe. Mind over body, remember? Don't panic." Though slightly winded from the exertion, Sherlock sounded remarkably composed.
Bobbi frowned at the statement.
“I didn’t know when he might wake,” she said, referring to the sleeping man, "but I thought I should make him some anyway.”
Three-finger seethed at the order, although he knew well enough to keep his impudent response to himself. Scouting was something the family took turns doing - or rather two of them did, as One-Eye easily got lost on his own. It was important to keep Outsiders from intruding on their home, but the skinny hunter knew the reason behind the command easily.
“Everyone else is out doing their thing,” Bobbi said. “Using the pool, the Nudsino…”
Chapter 6
John looked a little taken aback. "So, added with this other set of prints, that's... three possible abductors?"
Sherlock chuckled, returning to the bed and straddling his assistant. “You’re just as bratty as Mycroft makes me out to be.”
"Think about it, John," Sherlock said. "Our giant fellow with the curved spine would be a most memorable figure, were he known in these parts, hardly someone who could hide in plain sight. The only way for him to stay unnoticed is to live like a hermit in these woods."
"They may be feral psychopaths, but I doubt they're at the level of Ted Kaczynski," the Englishman snapped at them. Bening looked ready to give some venomous retort at the challenge, but the McArthur lookalike once again stepped in.
Despite their vigorous and sometimes downright aggressive sexual romps, Sherlock shied away from every attempt by John to initiate emotional intimacy. He rarely touched John out of bed and did not appreciate being spontaneously touched. On the rare occasions that he did allow it, his body was stiff and coiled as tightly as a bedspring. Sherlock also preferred to sleep alone, claiming that he could not relax properly with another body beside him, and thus always withdrew to the sanctuary of his own bedroom after a session between the sheets.
Oh God, how was he expected to do this without Sherlock? What was happening to his best friend this very moment? Had the savages found him yet? Had they killed him on the spot? If not, what were they going to do with him?
"It doesn't have to be all bad just because we had a rocky start," Mary replied. "We can still have an enjoyable time. This is my first ever trip to America." She gave a slightly embarrassed laugh at her own confession. "I didn't get to travel a whole lot when I was a girl."
John had brought a pair, but his original intention for bringing them had been romantic outdoor activities in the American wilderness with his new girlfriend rather than clue-hunting with Sherlock.
He bent the whore's head backward, exposing the long, pale throat and preparing to slit it. Before he could do the deed, however, Three-finger grasped his forearm, his misaligned eyes glinting from behind a heavy brow. The smaller of the two needn't even speak out his request. He wanted to be the one to finish off the scrawny whore.
He heard a shuffling at his side and did not even have to open his eyes to identify his visitor. The breathing at the mattress edge (someone eager to get a close look at him) as well as the weight of the figure leaning there (not the skinny one) was enough for an identification.
She cowered at the floor by the pedals for another few seconds, which seemed to stretch on forever in her fear-riddled mind. She even asked herself the - mostly rhetorical - question: what would Sherlock Holmes have done? Rhetorical because she was not Sherlock Holmes.
John's attempt at offering comfort turns into something else entirely...
The civil servant was suddenly overcome with a pang of dizziness and felt momentarily lightheaded. He had not slept for almost forty-eight hours and eaten less than twenty-four hours ago, not counting the energy drinks Anthea kept passing him at regular intervals to keep him alert and functional. The sense of vertigo only lasted for a few seconds and Mycroft was fairly sure he had not outwardly showed anything, apart from perhaps the tiniest flicker of giddiness in his features, unnoticeable except to those that knew him exceedingly well, like his PA, or…
John glared at him. “Do you want to help me with Mary or are you really just trying to drive us apart?”
"Oh, only sometimes," Sherlock replied, replacing his hand on the shoulder and giving a small smile when John took the hand in his own, squeezing back. "You handled me quite well when I collapsed in the sauna, after all. We'll have some tea, wait a little longer, and then take a look around, alright?"
Shocked at not only the ferocity but also the surprising strength and agility shown by the deformed mountain man, Sherlock realized with a sinking feel of dread that for all his mental prowess, this was a fight where he was very likely to be outmatched.
The first tangible thought which occurred to Sherlock was muck. He felt as though he were moving about in muck. As he trudged through towards awareness, he found himself asking questions: where was he? What was this dull ache throughout him? Why did he hurt?
"Our car, with Mary probably still in it, was towed by a second vehicle," Sherlock explained, unusually patient with John's lack of understanding. "You can see the presence of a second vehicle, and judging from what I can see here, it's a pickup truck that has not had a tire-change in at least twenty years. The imprints in the rubber have almost completely worn off."
A single tear formed in the  corner of the detective's left eye and slowly trickled down his cheek, leaving a clear trail of clean, visible skin in its wake. Sherlock himself was unaware of the tear. He watched the John of his memories, busy doing all kinds of domestic chores abhorred by Sherlock himself; filling the kettle, heating the kettle, pouring tea into a pair of mugs, one for Sherlock and one for himself, then adding milk and a teaspoon of honey to Sherlock's tea and two bits of sugar to his own.
“Sherlock has a hold on you,” she remarked matter-of-factly. “I’ve know that since I met you. I understand that he’s beyond difficult, and that you’re one of the few people he’ll willingly interact with. You may not have much of a choice tomorrow.”
Anthea had already arranged a flight for immediate travel over the Atlantic Ocean. Ever reliable, she had made all the arrangements; not that Mycroft was incapable of making them himself, even in situations worse than this, but having a trustworthy PA certainly made things easier.
"People at the resort are being questioned," he replied. "Discretion is difficult due to the locale and structure of the place, much to my annoyance. It escapes me that any institution could be so poorly organized, but perhaps that says something of this country... my point being that we are continuing to search for clues as to where you've been. Perhaps something can be shaken from your brain...?"
The pain of both fractured bone and metal-ravaged flesh had Sherlock feeling the pull of sleep, and though he fought it, he feared he would fall unconscious and not even be aware of the slitting of his throat before he finally died.
Hoping but still in doubt, John placed his fingers through the gap in the boards again. He began to think Sherlock would not do the same, either too weak or too dejected to bother, but the doctor felt thin fingers against his own.
The redhead scowled very slightly, and for someone very attuned to the feelings of others, a momentary slip in his near-unnatural self-control - not more than a slight hitch in the flow of breath - might have been noticeable.
"I need you with me, John. I cannot do this without you," the detective tried, his voice an octave higher than normal, and he shook his assistant, first very gently and then harder, in his attempts to reach through to him.
“Considering it was her suggestion, I’m not surprised she chose the destination… based on key distinguishing characteristics.”
“Dirtier?” John offered, again more amused than irritated.
"Which is true. It runs in the family, I'm afraid."
"Clozapine," Mycroft replied. "100 milligrams a day, if he's following the instructions. He's been taking them since age 21 for bi-polar disorder."
He was not looking at Mary, so when she leaned in and kissed his cheek, he was a little surprised.  When he looked at her, she was smiling. Perhaps the heat was getting to him, but he was almost sure he was looking at a genuine smile, not some pitying forced one.
John moved as stealthily as he could along the outer wall of the shed, craning his neck (and wishing, not for the first time, that he were taller) in his attempts to see past the junk and foliage. Sweat was practically flowing down his spine, causing his skin to itch terribly and his clothes to stick to his body like a damp second skin.
Mycroft finishes telling John about Sherlock's history with Sebastian Moran.
The family left the shed with Three-finger leading the way in his usual twitchy, manic gait. Sawtooth, carrying the body, lumbered on in a pace he found more comfortable, with One-Eye trailing closely behind. The youngest of the clan was eager to start chopping up the dead whore; one of few tasks One-Eye could be expected to perform expertly.
Waiting for her to acquire a pen and paper, he gave her the information:
The first entry involved antipsychotics.
The sight, he knew, would be stuck on his retina for a very long time, perhaps the rest of his life. Mary, or what had once been Mary, was hanging from the ceiling by her feet, naked and livid with a large pool of blood on the dirt floor beneath her, still seeping from her wounds in a slow trickle. The woman's throat had been cut with a blunt object, the jagged edges gaping lewdly as if spread open in a morbid invitation.
John remembered once telling Sherlock that he would lose his head were it not screwed on tight enough, only to have Sherlock assure John that heads were not attached to bodies this way.
Mary - his Mary - had been butchered and hung from the ceiling like a slab of meat in a slaughterhouse.
"If we give him about ten minutes, he should come around by then," Nasim informed the elder Holmes brother as he injected the new chemical into Sherlock's IV.
The unseen figure jumped once in excitement on the roof, and with a horrible crash, it slammed its weapon against the windshield, sending a spider web of cracks into the glass. Shielding her face instinctively behind her hands, she doubted she would be able to break loose from the car and reach the woods in time. Whatever the thing from above was wielding, it would likely stop her. Already she could imagine her skull cracking the same way the windshield had.
Anthea was not finished with her tablet; she would likely only be finished with it when she was dead, and some probably doubted she would stop even then.
John had managed to arrange his sheet, blanket, and pillow on the sofa as an improvised bedspread when Sherlock exited from his bedroom. The doctor tried to give a small smile, but his expression went largely unnoticed. The detective did not even look in his direction, shuffling off to the kitchenette, his face a blank slate. Utterly silent, he filled the kettle and set it on the stove to make some tea, wordlessly wishing he had brought his own from London. He was not terribly surprised that American tea was rather shit in comparison. But at present time, shit tea was still tea.
The younger man's head snapped back, narrowly missing Mycroft's nose. For a moment fresh panic shone in his swollen, blood-shot eyes, and despite the gross state of Sherlock's delicate features, Mycroft would have recognized it instantly, anywhere in time. His brother only ever had look in his eyes when Father was near. Not one since Mr. Holmes the elder's premature death by drowning had anyone managed to goad a similar look of abject terror from the consulting detective.
"Bye, Doctor. Sherlock." Mycroft gave them a small, tight smile before closing down the link, and as soon as his face was gone from the screen, a frustrated groan could he heard from Sherlock. John expected him to dart back to his bedroom or launch a string of curses upon John, angry and hurt that his only friend had betrayed his trust by contacting Mycroft behind his back, but Sherlock proved once again what an unpredictable man he could be. Staying silent, he sat down next to his partner on the couch, his face unreadable.
"The two nearest hotels are relatively close to each other," she informed him. "Although one is overlooking a river while the other is right next to a railroad track."
"Perhaps you could explain it to him, Sherlock?"
Again John wanted to be able to speak, to tell Sherlock that things would be alright. He felt like an idiot for it, but he still wanted to say it, despite the situation. But he could not, so he convinced himself that providing comfort was useless.
“Yes!” the younger man tilted his head back, bouncing on John’s swollen prick and feeling as though it plunged deeper into him than ever before.
"Oh, believe me, John, I try not to," Sherlock said with a snort. "But not even the violin can drown out the noises you sometimes make."
Without consciously registering his actions, Mycroft sunk to his knees, his hand moving of its own accord toward the slack, lifeless, mangled face of his brother. Sherlock had never liked to be touched, particularly not by him, and Mycroft would honour his wish, even in death, but he just wanted - no, needed - to feel him, only one last time…
"S'alright…" the scruffy-looking man murmured, and he, much like John himself, seemed at a loss for words. Probably these kind of situations were not part of his usual daily routine. The doctor, however, appreciated when the local removed his denim jacket, filthy though it was, and used it to cover his naked charge.
The idiot was leaned over him, its one functioning eye intently focused on his face. Sherlock doubted the simple creature could understand much if any of the pain they inflicted upon their victims, but as always, the mid-sized cannibal studied him with practically childlike inquisitiveness.
Mycroft's grip, initially intended to provide comfort, shifted into an attempt to restrain his brother. While Mycroft was relieved to discover no obvious deficits in the younger Holmes' motor control, Sherlock's injuries demanded that he remain relatively still for the time being.
Mycroft interrogates a severely injured John at the hospital.
"No," Mycroft said, omitting to mention the numerous incidents that had once earned Sherlock a week in solitary confinement while in rehab, as well as the nickname "the hitter, spitter and shitter". That was a long time ago, and Mycroft hoped such behavior was indeed in the past, but given how his brother had regressed to the level of a disgruntled toddler, he couldn't be sure.
A sound of edged metal flicking against leather reached his ears as the mountain man removed a knife from a tattered belt. The curved blade - bowie, Sherlock thought - gleamed dully in the sunlight as the man above him teased at bare skin, like some sick mockery of intimacy.
Bobbi offered no audible reply to that. Sherlock glanced at the towel slung over his shoulder for a moment, as if contemplating where to put it, and then decided to wrap it around his hips.
//NO//
Then the fiend bit him.
The family had gone through several employees in the same fashion, and Sherlock had barely ever put any thought into the reason why. Even when he had, he decided it was the fault of the incompetent hired help, and never his own for being so difficult, Mycroft's opinion be damned.
John grimaced as something plastic settled in his ear, but he was too tired to bat it away. Such a minor discomfort: more than a fair price for Sherlock’s company once more. Peripherally, he felt pressure cinch his finger, but his eyelashes were already fluttering closed, dragged down by some inexplicable exhaustion.
'Sherlock?' he called. 'Come up here and eat something!'
Sherlock raised an eyebrow, but wisely held his silence.
'That doesn't explain why you're here.' John's voice cracked on the last word, wounded, though he wished he could hide it. Sherlock made him feel too raw and volatile, torn between tears and punches. His throat closed, making his next breath stutter between his lips, and he clenched his jaw to stifle the grimace that ripped at his mouth.
No, what they shared was earth-shattering and had begun years before they became lovers. She still remembered it, that first day, both bright-eyed and a little wild, staring at each other like they had finally found the only person in the world who actually understood.
John shook his head; He couldn’t remember the others. Winter and summer. Hot and cold. They were the ones that stuck in the social memory. Failed crops and forest fires tended to do that to a society, even centuries later. There had to be others, though. Ones who meddled with other absolutes.
At the first, timorous cry of John's voice, Sherlock jolted, sparked into action as if touched by a live wire. His heart surged in his throat, its beat frantic as he strode across the floor to his own bedroom door, easing it aside and taking in the man on the bed.
'You don't even know what I was going to say.'
'Ajay.' She pursed her lips, jerking her head in a quick, spiteful gesture. 'He knew more about me than he let on, I suppose.'
'I'll know it when I find it.' In truth, there was nothing that sprung to mind that would prove Mary's death one way or the other, but he rather hoped that the fragments would come together to form a comprehensive whole.
'Of course not. I intend to keep decoding this file, or at least key parts of it. A handful of snapshots promptly discovered will be far more useful to us than twiddling our thumbs until Mycroft's unravelled the lot.'
Gently, he clasped his hand over the top of Sherlock’s. It was tempting to cling. John would be lying if he said Sherlock’s behaviour wasn’t shaking him down to his core, but his feelings did not take priority right now. He was here to help Sherlock back from the brink of whatever tricks his mind played on him.
‘Show him!’ Moriarty snarled, his voice dropping to an obscene purr. ‘Show me.’
Slowly, they inched towards the middle of the airfield. Only when Mycroft held up a hand did they fall still, and John saw what had caught his attention. Up ahead, one of the cameras was moving in a sweeping search pattern: automated, rather than under manual control.
Work helped. The structure gave him something to hang his day around: one patient after the other, prescriptions and paperwork. It was monotonous, but it distracted him from everything going on inside his own head. It would have been perfect, if not for the quiet, pained sympathy of his colleagues and the way they looked at him like he might break into pieces before their very eyes.
God, he was such a fucking mess.
‘That’s – that’s disgusting.’
‘I don’t care who started it,’ Mummy said, trying to keep her voice threatening without much luck. The lines at her eyes were making an appearance: a smile that she wouldn’t let on her lips. ‘I’m finishing it. Come on, there’s jobs to do.’
'Not for the first time,' Sherlock grumbled. 'A through-and-through flesh wound, nothing more significant.'
John knew as soon as they walked into that office that he hated Sebastian. That smarmy smile that bordered on a sneer. Those smooth hands that had never done a day’s hard work. That suit that probably cost more than his yearly rent.
Sherlock dropped his hand from his face with a scowl, turning his temper on Lestrade without a hint of remorse. ‘Do you have something for me, or are you just wasting my time?’
He felt... odd. Invigorated yet enervated. The closest parallel he could bring to mind was that of jet lag, where everything took on an odd, crystal clarity. His brain was exhausted, yet awake, his body weary yet energised: a distasteful contradiction, but one he could not deny. Yet it was not merely that which left him light-headed. No, that was more emotional – a giddy, swooping uncertainty-cum-hope that had its root in more than mere relief.
'You sure about that? Why would she leave the EMP behind?'
'But if it goes wrong, it's not just Mary in the firing line.'
He wanted to throw himself whole-heartedly into the existence they had come to share: to claim and be claimed in turn. He
Silver touched the hair at his temples these days: the inevitable creep of age. At least he still had hair. Mycroft had almost lost that battle now. He didn’t dye it. Pointless. Such grooming rituals were mostly about self-deception, and that was a futile endeavour. He would always know the truth of it, so what was the point?
'So did I.' Sherlock pursed his lips, unwilling to say anything against Mary when John was like this: coiled tight and brittle. 'As I said, I only have theories.'
The air lay thick and heavy between them with all that remained unsaid as they made their way through the corridors of King’s. He kept expecting Sherlock to say something, but silence reigned supreme, tightening like a violin string with each passing moment.
'It is, for ninety seconds.' She sat in the seat opposite his desk, tucking one foot behind the other ankle: perfectly demure. 'Mister Holmes – Mister
'And where will you be?'
'And did she ever stop?' John raised his chin in challenge. 'Was it all in her past, like she claimed?'
The chair scraped over the linoleum floor as he got to his feet, striding towards the door and clattering down the stairs. He grabbed his Belstaff off of the hook, slinging it around his shoulders and pulling the wool across himself like armour. Stepping out into the street, he hailed a taxi, giving the driver instructions to John's flat before his courage failed him.
‘Obviously,' Sherlock snapped, jabbing a finger across the room towards where Townsend lay. 'Your killer. The coach. Millie Russell was his shining star and he did not like that she was leaving the sport. Seems to have some deep-rooted issues with those with skill who throw their talent away. He confessed, or near enough. Search his home; you should find plenty of evidence there. He said Millie did not deserve her blade. He probably took it when he killed her.’
The door slammed open beneath the impact of his shoulder. The wood crashed and splintered. He ignored it as he dashed through the threshold and stepped to the right, his back to the wall and his Sig pointed unerringly at the figure in the centre of the room.
'I do not yet have proof,' Sherlock pointed out, feeling it imperative to make that known. Perhaps it would have been better if he had clung to his earlier determination to wait for solid evidence, but this was something he could not hide from John. Not for a moment longer, because if he was right, then John and Rosie may be in more danger than either of them had imagined. 'I have been wrong before.'
John set mugs of tea down on the coffee table, handing Sherlock his next dose of painkillers before perching on the arm of Sherlock's chair, close enough to feel the warmth of him through the coarse weave of his jumper. 'Thank you,' he murmured, nudging Sherlock with his elbow to include him in his gratitude. 'It means a lot to me that you're willing to have us. If – if it doesn't work out –'
'No, I'm fine.' John grimaced at his own lie, but he had more pressing concerns than his injuries. 'She wanted me here. She wanted me out of the way.'
He had no trouble compartmentalising. When you were in the army, you had to, or you'd spend your whole time deployed catatonic with fear. Still, at least then you could keep busy – distract yourself. This? He barely had the strength to lift his arms, let alone get to his feet. His mind was a helpless, anxious prisoner in a body fit for fuck all.
‘All right, you lot. Pack it up.’ He got to his feet, gesturing for Anderson and Donovan to finish their futile little “drug raid”. Sherlock was right; they’d never find anything. Besides, he’d got what he came for. ‘Let’s get on with solving this mess, eh?’ He jerked his thumb towards the pink case, still sitting in pride of place in the middle of Baker Street. ‘We found Rachel…’
‘Because of your deductions.’
They were all meant to be dead or exiled, cast out of the mortal world centuries ago, or lost to their own horrific wars. There shouldn’t be any left, not anymore. The Fae were gone; only echoes of them remained, slowly fading back towards the mundane. Or so John thought.
Afghanistan or Iraq?
'You've done plenty. Thanks.' John let his smile bleed into his voice, softening his tone.
'And optimism is not something of which I have ever been accused.' Mycroft raised an eyebrow. 'I am simply urging you not to rule Sherlock out of the complicated equation of whatever awaits us. He will not be content to remain a bystander to whatever happens: it makes the situation all the more volatile.'
‘Technically, I was wearing a very nice suit from Saville Row.’
Blood welled and stained his jeans with its damning ink, and he tried to settle the thrum of his heart. It was not, of course, the first time he had been shot. Though Mary had the dubious honour of being the gunman whenever he suffered such a wound.
'Who is it?' John demanded as he bustled back to the kitchen, taking in Sherlock's stance. He stood bolt upright, one hand clenched into a fist at his side as the other held his mobile. His eyes, the green-grey of sea-foam, met John’s gaze, and that full mouth pinched tight at its corners.
‘A codename?’ John’s lips twitched, his eyes sparkling. ‘You gave my wedding to Mary a codename?’
She pursed her lips. That's why she'd left Sherlock a message: one he couldn't ignore. John would never let anyone help him. It wasn't his way. He had to feel like he was helping others, and if that meant manipulating him out of his grief, then so be it.
(See the end of the chapter for
'Almost any.' Mycroft’s murky eyes grew unfocussed as he considered his question. 'Mary Morstan will reach out to us to negotiate before too long. At the same time, my men are working on gathering as much data as possible to help predict her next move. In addition, a secondary team has been keeping an eye on the splinter group of Harmattan. If they take the safe path, they will sit back and wait for the dust to settle: let Mary dig her way out of the trouble she has found herself in, or dig her own grave.
‘It looked like blood,’ John muttered. ‘I’m a doctor. I should know.' It was a weak excuse, but he intended to stick with it.
A "crack" rang out over the racket of the helicopter rotors; the first shot fired. Sherlock held back a flinch, tensing his shoulders as he swivelled the guns off to the left, his gaze raking the buildings and the spaces between. A heartbeat later the gunfire thickened, and Sherlock sucked in a breath as he realised that Mycroft's men must have done just as he hoped and broken free from their stalemate.
'I'll email over what I can.'
The quilt whispered its promises as he slipped into bed, rigid at John's side. It felt odd, having another right there, within arm’s reach. Though there had been some lovers in his past, sleeping had rarely been part of the relationship.
‘You’ve got three months left on this place,’ she had said in farewell, a hint of a smirk toying on her lips. ‘I bet you’re back in Baker Street before they’re up.’
'I'm sorry.' She pursed her lips, looking at the carpet rather than meeting anyone's eyes. 'It wasn't supposed to turn out like this.'
'Mr Holmes, Doctor Watson, please come in.' She waved them into her office: well-appointed and comfortable. John looked around with some surprise. He'd been expecting the kind of thing Mycroft preferred, like austere, uncomfortable armchairs and subtle silverware. Instead. the Dean's office was both tasteful and comfortable.
‘Remarkable.’ Sherlock tilted the cast, apparently oblivious to the fact that everyone was staring at him. ‘You’re looking for a person of five-and-a-half feet with a pair of knock-off Gucci’s from this year’s men’s collection.’ He picked up the cast of the other foot. ‘There’s a knee brace on their left leg, and judging from…’
"No."
"His leg needs to be amputated," Mycroft stated. Based on the way Nasim looked at him, the assessment was correct.
Sawtooth lifted the subject by his arse, thereby taking some of the weight off his straining wrists. He knew he was causing pain by digging his fingers into the soft, pliant flesh, even though his quarry was fighting hard not to let it show. More muffled protests sounded from the pudgy one, and Three-finger playfully pinched his upturned nose, as if disciplining a wayward child.
Though it was fairly obvious that Sherlock had not been in the pool, his hair was soaking wet, his normally voluminous curls sticking to a forehead practically dripping with sweat. The glistening sheen which covered his entire form, added to the bright red color of his face, neck and shoulders, indicated that Sherlock had exerted himself to the point of exhaustion. He also seemed to have completely forgotten about sun block.
It was impossible for John to miss the not-so-subtle stab delivered through her choice of words. Blushing, the doctor averted his eyes, while the detective gave a melodramatic sigh to demonstrate his opinion on the matter.
"Don't move," he heard, but he ignored it. He was wasting time just lying here in the mud. For all he knew, Sherlock was dead now. It did not matter; he would not leave him to rot away in the cabin of the repulsive monsters who were once men. He turned over and came face to face with the man who knelt at his side. Several teeth were missing on a scruffy unwashed visage. His breath smelled of far too many beers drunk each night. For a moment John felt as though he was back in the hellish cabin. His vision blurred, then became clear again.
"This man, whether he was involved in her disappearance or not, would have been one of the last people to see her alive. Thus we'll need to find him, and find out what he knows."
The whore had not moved from its spot in the short time taken to run outside, retrieve the suitcase, and return. Haphazardly tossing aside whatever contents lay within, he took up the bitch in his arms, ignoring its weak protests, and stuffed it inside. Zipping the flap closed, he took little care in hauling the case onto its wheels, pulling out the handle and trotting outside, giggling as he hauled the prisoner toward the desired destination.
"We will stop these bastards from ever doing this to another person ever again," Sherlock said, his voice and resolve firm and steady. "They will be brought to justice... but only if we keep a clear head and push on."
“Hi, welcome to Avalon!” she said. “Checking in?”
"Three!" The detective's bloodied face twisted into an ugly grimace of despair. To John it was a surprise every time to see the beautiful man's features make such a sudden and drastic transformation.
"We placed him under sedation, we thought it best since he was upset and you weren't there."
"Wanted to come on you? Yes. I figured you'd notice and ask questions." Sherlock quietly passed the pack of tissues to his partner, and John removed the used condom before starting the task of cleaning himself up.
TBC...
The blonde whore still hung upside down by her feet in the shed, and she was collecting flies now, even though she had only been dead for a little more than a day. This warm weather caused meat to spoil much quicker than usual, and unless the clan wanted their food to rot away and go to waste, it was time to have it prepared.
William, barefoot and naked except for his diaper, stopped dead in his track and tugged imploringly on his brother's sleeve. "Pick me up, Mycroft," he demanded.
Of course, John figured. The man had probably not even caught on to the fact that 'Sherlock' was a name, as it was not something people would commonly name their male children in this area. Not that that was true for any part of the world, considering…
He watched as his son tormented the short, pudgy man, making him scream. That one was meat, pure and simple. They still had the whore from earlier to chop up, and Sawtooth was positive his little clan would feed off of her for at least a week. All they had to do was keep this one confined until it was his turn to be butchered.
"What's the matter, Mr. Holmes? Can't take the heat?" Mycroft slowly turned his head to regard the SWAT team member taunting him. The man was short with thinning black hair and olive skin, a bit on the stocky side, and judging from his accent - which he'd worked hard to shed - a second generation immigrant from a Latin American country. The civil servant made several more deductions concerning the law enforcement officer's origins and family situation and concluded that much of the animosity projected toward the outside world in general and him in particular was in fact poorly concealed concern over a sick family member, most likely an elderly mother or grandmother.
At the moment it didn't feel like it would have mattered if he fainted and fell into the recently exhumed grave Sherlock's assailants had dug for the tortured young genius, and nobody bothered to pick him up. Fuck the Americans. Fuck the British government. And fuck John Watson.
Mary drove for several minutes, delving ever deeper into woods and finding no other separate paths, and she was worried. Suddenly being lost in somewhere like Sussex seemed like a breeze compared to this. Presently the pavement had come to an end and she was now driving on dirt. Coming to a complete stop, she considered making a three-point-turn in the middle of the road, but the thought of someone familiar with the path coincidentally careening through at that very moment made her nervous. Even now, remaining immobile was a potential hazard, and going back in reverse would be worse.
These three, however, could not be predicted to behave even like the most capricious human. Sherlock had no idea what their motives were, apart from the obvious desire to fill their stomachs.
Mary gave a sly smile as she unscrewed the lid. “Do you suppose I should apply it while he’s asleep?” To her, the idea of smearing something onto a conscious Sherlock was like trying to give a rabid dog a flea bath.
Will pouted. "But it'll take ages before I'm that old."
"Do you think…" She swallowed, and her eyes suddenly brimmed with tears. "Do you think there's any chance Sarah might still be alive?"
Had John not been so weak and unable to even form words, he would have shouted at Mycroft to stop being such a condescending windbag and instead use his not-inconsiderable power to find Sherlock and bring him back to them, hopefully alive and still in one piece.
"That won't be necessary. My assistant can hear anything you have to say, Doctor."
Never before had he wanted so badly to die. Trapped with these monsters with his one chance at rescue thwarted and the person he cared most for possibly gone for good, the detective saw no point in living on, especially if it meant only more agony and torment.
He was grateful for the short reprieve he was granted when all three clan members left the cabin for a few minutes, obviously to check on something outside. Had they caught another victim in one of their insidious traps? Or perhaps slain one earlier when he was left in the "care" of the idiot and woke up inside a wooden crate after biting the dull creature?
"So..." John said, his throat suddenly dry, "how long was he..." he hesitated, not at all liking the idea of Sherlock so monstrously treated, "... in hospital?"
"How exactly did you escape such a fate?" he asked, his voice sharp and biting. "Moreover, why did you, if you were so inclined to protect a man with whom you share such a close bond?"
"I believe we can have him ruled out as our culprit," Sherlock stated calmly and returned the photograph to its original place.
John did not know how it was possible for a human body to be sweating and freezing at the same time, but it was happening to him in this very moment. Sour-smelling pearls of perspiration were trickling down his torso in a slow drizzle, but at the same time his extremities, first and foremost the hands holding the axe, felt like ice.
“The what?” John asked.
He also thought of Mary Morstan and whether she was still hanging upside down in the shed, naked, with her throat slit and glassy eyes, now clouded over, staring into vast nothingness. What had been the last thing Mary had seen? How long had she been alive after having her throat slit with a blunt, serrated knife? Sherlock knew that Mary had been alive when she was strung up and bled out like a pig slaughtered according to Kosher dietary laws, but he had purposely omitted sharing that information with his friend.
"Fine," he simply said.
John grimaced. “I am not taking my clothes off!”
"Where was that?" John asked, getting a closer look at the article. Sherlock opened a separate window for a map of West Virginia and its surrounding locales. The college students had vanished in a different location... but still within driving distance of the area.
"You look ten years younger," John assured his girlfriend, thinking that in reality it was just three or four. Sherlock, who was coincidentally also going to be thirty-four in December, looked much younger.
, he chanted in his brain. They would not and they could not. They could not make him eat the meat. The stink of the prepared flesh was undeniably human, and from now on, Sherlock would always face the chance that whatever meat served to him would not be from a deer or other mindless beast. No, this monstrous clan's preferred livestock was of the bipedal variety. 'Two-legged mutton' as some old cultures jokingly dubbed it.
"It's possible, of course, but I cannot make a decision on my own. I'd have to consult my superiors."
John could imagine how such an episode had played out, but only a little. Considering how both Holmes brothers behaved, their childhood had to have been far from ordinary, even without mental illness.
John and Mary ate their flattened sandwiches in silence, while Sherlock took out his laptop, placing it in his naked lap and giving a triumphant howl at the functioning WI-FI connection. The sound of the detective's spiderlike fingers flying over the keyboard was the only sound for a long while after that.
The detective dropped his head, and a melodramatic sigh exited his lips. He was visibly displeased about the interruption. "Yes, I brought them," he murmured.
John quenched the painful thought and tried to banish it from his mind, but it kept returning like a stubborn fly drawn to a sugary substance. If their motive for abducting Mary was truly what he feared, John saw no reason why they would keep her alive for any period at all, as opposed to slaying her on sight.
Mary felt a sudden tightening in her throat and before she even knew it, she was fighting back tears. She knew that driving in her current condition was not a safe option and hazarded a stop by the roadside, as far out on the shoulder as possible, just in case.
John hesitated for a moment. His emotional entanglement with Sherlock surely hadn't hampered his professional eye. He could still recognize depression when he saw it.
John felt himself blushing furiously and was sorely tempted to simply slam the laptop shut. Maybe he would have done exactly that if Mycroft hadn't spoken up again.
- and silently thanked the fates when the younger man slipped back into oblivion, showing no further signs of recognition or awareness. A fleeting thought also wormed itself into the mind of the government official, banned by his higher brain functions before it could take conscious form: perhaps it would be better if Sherlock died.
“Any better?” he asked.
John cleared his throat. "I wanted to ask you about this... since you've known him longer than I. Or anyone, really."
"Jumping in bed, I know!" the little boy said with scowl. "You always tell me not to do things." William crossed his eyes and adopted a purposely goofy expression as he lowered his childishly high voice to imitate the darker, nasal timbre of his elder brother, "You mustn't do this, or that, or anything, because it's all bad, and I'm never allowed to have any fun, because I'm boring as hell!" The actual result did not sound much like Mycroft at all, and he would have been loath to admit that a four-year-old had managed to wind him up, so Mycroft bit back his retort and decided not to scold William for his cussing and apparent disrespect. He was sixteen, and his brother was only four. One of them had to be the bigger man, and it wasn't going to be little William.
“I know,” John replied, taking one hand away and simply rubbing at the bridge of his nose. “I just… I figured I would be over it by now.”
How foolish he'd been to think he could entrust John Watson with Sherlock's safety. Mycroft tried to quench the feeling of guilt which suddenly threatened to overcome him. He'd spent all his life wishing his younger sibling had never been born, for various reasons. Sherlock had always been a problem to be managed, to be contained; a break shoe holding Mycroft back in all areas, mentally and emotionally if not physically. Yet despite the secret, ever-present wish for a life devoid of Sherlock, Mycroft loved his brother more than anything in the world.
Mycroft was glad he gave his little brother that toy in the first place. He had actually made the plush whilst at school and named it himself. Bee had been short for Busby, chosen as such for the obvious similarity to the words "buzz" and "bee". William, of course, preferred the nickname over his brother's choice, which he had outright said was stupid. Still, he scooped up the toy in his arms near immediately upon being presented with it for the first time, so Mycroft's gesture was not a total loss.
"Yes, it's enough," he said after another moment of internal deliberation. John did not want to waste any time digging unnecessarily, not when their captors could catch them red-handed any moment. So far he hadn't heard any sounds indicating the monstrous trio of mountain men were awake, but it was all prone to change in a heartbeat. He also still needed to remove the boards separating him from Sherlock.
"Yes, Mr. Holmes, hello," Nasim greeted him.
He was alive.
“Look… at what exactly?”
If only he could return to that sweet oblivion where he lay just minutes before.
John’s face developed that familiar wrinkle at the center of his brow. But he was not simply angry.
“Nothing.”
Her arms wrapped around her folded legs. John glanced at her and watched a rivulet of perspiration travel lazily down her neck and in between her breasts.
"Sad, isn't it, John, when your woman is more sensible than you," Sherlock said with a snort. "What did you expect? We're out on the sticks. You won't find a Michelin star restaurant around here."
"How can you possibly tell that from a photo taken some twenty years ago?"
Mycroft nodded, a curt gesture to express he was done with the man, and the doctor nodded back, turning on his heel and disappearing around the corner. Mycroft and Anthea stood there in silence, save for the tapping of a finely manicured nail on a tablet screen.
The cruel little voice from earlier returned, suggesting that looking for clues was not all the detective and the good doctor were up to in the woods. Mary had a sudden and most unwanted mental image of Sherlock deep-throating John against a massive tree and almost swerved into a ditch.
"Anyone you'd like us to call?"
Sherlock's head drooped as he wondered how long it would take him to fall back into sleep. He preferred being there as opposed to hellish consciousness. In fact, the waking world was beginning to feel more dreamlike than the realm of sleep, and the notion frightened him. Had he not known better, he would have thought the huge man who carried him from the bed had been Sebastian Moran.
The simple-minded man was ordered to pull him up into a more seated position, likely to prevent him from choking. Sherlock glanced at the meal on the tray table, knowing it was meant for him. An idiot such as the one lifting him up could have figured this out.
As of present, Sherlock had no trouble sleeping, not when he had some persuading from the medical staff and their drugs. Mycroft gave a quiet sigh. How useful sedatives would have been when they were younger, although back in his earliest years back he would have likely gotten wise to drugged food and drink. Perhaps a tranquilizer gun would have been useful...
“But we still need batteries,” John said, grip on the bag tightening. He could feel the cord beneath the water-resistant material.
The scrawny whore needed to die. He would sneak in whilst Father and One-Eye were still sleeping and slit the troublesome Outsider's throat. Bleed him out like a pig.
The doctor proceeded to pick up the small, white tablet from the table in front of them. "Then you should take it now. Or your withdrawal symptoms will get worse."
The following minute consisted of intense and very humiliating scrutiny in the shape of poking, prodding and more squeezing, as if John were not even a person but a Christmas hog about to be taken to slaughter. To these men he supposed that's all he was. Not a sound escaped Sherlock while his friend was examined, but his erratic breathing and unwillingness to watch were clear indicators of his true emotions.
Looking up proved impossible at first from the cramped space of his tiny cell, but he managed to gain enough wiggling room to right himself. He tried to ignore the stains on the walls around him, despite the close proximity, and he did not have to think very hard to realize they were from the blood of countless victims from the past. Instinct told him to curl up into himself, but he resisted. He heard the rustling of Sherlock getting his bearings in the adjacent cell and turned on his side to address him.
"Whatever are you talking about?" Bobbi asked, her eyes and mouth wide open with confusion.
"I'm getting something to eat," he announced. He needed to get out of the flat for a while, be away from Sherlock and his incessant noise-making. "Can I get you anything?"
This prey had been chosen by his father. It was his property and no one else's. When he and Three-finger returned home, they would both know the killing was One-Eye's fault. If he was lucky, he might only be throttled without the additional punishment of being locked in the woodshed all night. The spasmodic grip he had on the motionless form beneath him released, leaving a red outline of blood from his bite wounds.
"John…" The detective's tone was exasperated, but in his eyes were a silent plea. Sherlock might have outwardly kept his composure, but inside he was just as shaken up and terrified as his partner. "I know you're going to hate me for saying this, but now is not the time for sentiment. We can't lug around on a body. There will be a time to grieve for Mary later."
Thinking himself an unwavering stone of a man, he hardly wanted to admit that he was beginning to find the place - in fact the entire area of Avalon and that surrounding it - incredibly unnerving. A location which could have been comforting and beautiful in its unending nature and lack of the stressful 'real world' was now alien and foreboding in its disconnect from the help which civilization might provide. Even now, the trees were feeling more like prison bars and hovels where any threat could be hiding. Sherlock found himself trying to remember how many venomous animals lived in this particular tri-state area.
"That's right," Jed encouraged. "Jest lie there. Stay put and relax, and ya'll be in a hospital in no time."
The door to the cabin was predictably unlocked. The stench inside was even worse than in the shed, a multitude of foul odors mixing together to create an almost tangible atmosphere. Sherlock felt bile rising in his throat and had to bury his face in the crook of his arm until he managed to procure a napkin through which he could breathe in order to filter out the worst of the stink.
"Yes, I understand fully," Mycroft interjected. Clearly the doctor had become quite used to having to defend the choices of the medical staff and reason with family members who expected too much. The civil servant held back a sigh when he thought about how Sherlock might react to finally waking with half of his leg missing, but nothing could be done about that.
“Well,” Mary interjected, trying to diffuse the already volatile situation, “think of it this way: if we were at the original hotel, we likely would have had to eat from quite a few restaurants. Preparing our own groceries might be less expensive in the long run. And we’d know exactly what was going into our meals.”
"Oh, I feel so much better knowing it was accidental," Mary retorted, her rage having lost none of its potency. "Tell me, John... do you even like girls?"
Then it occurred to him.
"But, you…"
John glanced at him, then back at their surroundings, but could not find himself in agreement. Even though he had attempted to memorize small details like his friend had, the trees still all looked the same to him.
"We should go back out," he said. John faintly nodded, but he did not seem to leave his reverie until a long pale hand touched his shoulder. He winced, but finally looked Sherlock straight in the eye.
Mycroft thought disparagingly. Clearly this was a well-rehearsed greeting she had asked countless patients.
The color gradually drained from Sherlock's face, except for two bright red spots on his cheeks. Breath hitched in his throat, and for a few seconds, he looked strangely absent, as if he was having trouble staying oriented.
Latched to one another, they journeyed the rest of the brief way back to the boy's room, retrieved "Bee" and a new set of pyjamas, and returned to the redheaded young man's bed.
"What?"
Sawtooth was first through the door and Three-finger nearly bumped into him, not expecting the leader to stop mid-entrance. One-Eye sat on an otherwise empty bed, looking all the more suspicious in his attempts to appear innocent. The whore was nowhere to be seen.
And kill those filthy degenerates.
Fortunately the man-child only seemed interested in getting a closer look, lifting a leg here, inhaling the scent of the neck there, and looking to be deeply fascinated with the detective's head of thick curls. The other two ignored him, which presently suited both partners just fine.
“How are you faring?” Mary asked, shaking John from his thoughts. He gave a mock pout and showed her his screen.
"You said you were sure, John!"
John noticed a fault in the boards of the wall, uneven and badly nailed together, possibly from an attempted escape by a previous victim. A very small gap allowed him to glimpse movement in the other cell. The doctor considered muscling the board away, but he knew the attempt would be heard by their jailers. Instead, he pressed his cheek against the wood, wishing he could have been able to hold his friend. Even if Sherlock denied him the chance, John would have held on and his arms would have required the jaws of life to let go.
Curiosity burning like Sherlock's sun-baked skin, John clicked the sign-in button. The contact list was scant, to say the least. However, there was one name present which left John torn between surprised at its presence and not surprised whatsoever.
“You’ll come with me tomorrow.” Sherlock’s words were less a question and more a command.
Sherlock was convinced his attempt at escape would have been successful if he had not stepped into that ill-fated bear trap. Why hadn't he noticed it was there? He should have noticed. He really should have. He had made a mistake, and now John was dead because of it. John had depended on him to survive, and Sherlock had let him down.
Three-finger would waste no more time dallying. He grabbed the whore's hair and tried his hardest to keep its head still as he thrust the mouth of the bottle into the mouth of the whore. Then he tilted the bottle.
At one point during Sherlock's transport to the medical facility, the detective's blood pressure dropped dramatically, as signaled by the monitoring equipment, and a few seconds later he subsequently went into cardiac arrest. Mycroft watched with seeming dispassion as the medical crew bustled around the badly injured body of the young Brit, trying furiously to resuscitate him. After less than one minute and a sizable injection of epinephrine straight into the heart muscle, Sherlock's pulse beeped back into existence, and a relieved murmur passed through the aircraft. The younger Holmes's condition had been stabilized. For now.
Pressed against the tree trunk like a squirrel, he crept around its circumference until he could see the cabin and its grounds. Though his eyes had adjusted to the darkness, the nightfall had not brought moonlight with its arrival, and looking for anyone creeping about on the property proved difficult. In addition, the flickering lamplight brought moving shadows that deceived his vision. Despite the difficulty, he heard no footsteps, and he considered this a good sign.
"Enough of that," John said, feeling as though he were reprimanding a child. The feeling was one he was quite used to. "Maybe we should wait a little longer..."
Already having experienced one near-death event, John knew that what they said about your whole life flashing by in a flurry of images was not true, at least not as far as he was concerned. All he saw was darkness, penetrated only by the occasional glimpse of light when he managed to break the surface of what was very likely to be his watery tomb.
Back against a tall pine tree, the ex-army surgeon contemplated his options. Damn it, he was supposed to be better at this. He was a soldier, after all; however not a strategist. Making a plan of attack had never been his forte.
“If you want me to stay in this half-hearted little apology,” she grumbled, “you had better stop saying ‘sorry,’ right this instant.”
Finally a barked order from the giant followed immediately by a harsh shove to the shoulder got the man-child moving, his brother skipping ahead of him toward the kitchen area. The giant remained by the bed, his beady, misaligned eyes, one of which deviated outward, fixed intently on his prisoner. Clearly the leader had requested some time alone with Sherlock.
"Excellent. Bring the mosquito spray as well, the air is thick with them."
Approaching the pool’s edge, he grinned as she finally noticed him and swam over. “Come in,” she urged him. “It’s lovely. And as you can see, barely anyone else around.”
"And so I'm trying my damnedest to win her back, convince her that it was all a mistake, that it wouldn't happen again. And of course she's not buying it, and..."
A loud voice behind them caused Three-finger to instinctively jolt, pulling away from the whore, who promptly spat out the noxious fluid over the side of the bed, coughing but otherwise unharmed. Bristling, Three-finger calmed at the sight of One-Eye, but only slightly.
They proceeded to swim together, back and forth. They both swam at a relatively similar pace, though Mary was just a little faster.
John had planned to simply assault the dry, brittle plywood until it broke and allowed him to break the boards free, but before he could get started, Sherlock's fingers shot out through the crack to grasp at his hand.
Sherlock made a face that feigned surprise. "Oh! But I thought you fancied outdoor activities! Wasn't it you who said he wanted to get away from "stuffy old London" for a while? I specifically remember your expressing it that way, using those exact words--"
"Yes, let me find you the proper means to do so..." Mycroft slowly, cautiously released his grip, knowing that at any moment Sherlock could again attempt something rash. Careful to listen to his brother's movements as he searched for a pen and paper, he found a large notepad amongst the magazines just outside the door. Yes, this would work.
Lovely. This bloody country and its mountains...! Sherlock nearly threw his mobile phone as he had John's pillow, but he hardly wanted the phone itself to break.
"Anything else?" he asked with a slight scowl.
John ponders his fate as he lies afflicted with pneumonia.
Not a complete stranger to hand-to-hand combat, he countered with a strike of his own: a side-kick aimed at the attacker's shin. The attempt at disabling his attacker would have sent anyone else to their knees, he was certain of it. What surprised Sherlock was that the wiry beast continued to move as though the kick had not even been delivered, save for the sheer force moving his foe's entire leg back. Otherwise, the inhuman thing showed no sign of pain whatsoever, and Sherlock hardly had time to marvel over the strange lack of a reaction.
"John, I've been looking all over for you! I've made a huge breakthrough in our case. You'll have to come with me at once to review the evidence."
“I’m not really sure,” he answered, his voice low. “It just sounds strange.”
Sherlock endures further abuse at the hands of his inhuman captors. Added to that, it's dinner time for the deformed residents of Bear Mountain.
"You're lucky to have a brother like him," the doctor said, surprised to realize he really meant it.
John wanted to sputter out an angry explanation, a demand that the pompous hog's prick would hurry out to rescue Sherlock, but of course he was struck dumb by his breathing apparatus, so all he could do was scowl. Damn, he wished he had taken courses in sign language.
Peering in the lamplight, he scanned the entire room for both signs of hidden attackers and Sherlock himself before creeping towards a closed door. Unlocked, the door gave way easily, and John's grip on his weapon tensed, though in vain. The room, though it smelled irrevocably foul, held no one. What surprised John was the presence of a toilet and bathtub within, though clearly neither had been used in a very long time. Both were clogged to the brim with unknown fluids; fluids that John did not identify, mostly because he did not want to.
The slamming of the front door jarred him out of his daydream, and he looked up to see Sawtooth trudging along with a large bundle - short-range weapons by the looks of its shape.
"Why would you have to? I have you to tend to me," Sherlock replied acerbically. "Doctor Watson."
"We have a trauma unit working to repair the damage done to your brother. The best of the best. I want you to know that he's being given the best possible care--"
Defiance and cleverness were a dangerous combination. Three-finger did not care about wasting meat, or depriving Sawtooth of his new pretty little plaything. This was for the good of the family. He grabbed an ancient set of shears on his way to the holding pen. He was going to kill that little bitch.
The young woman did not respond, only glaring. Sherlock only sniffed at her in exchange. What John saw in her, he had no idea.
Almost immediately after he had ended the game of Wordfeud, his phone beeped, announcing the arrival of a text message. John dutifully checked it, not prepared to dismiss it as unimportant, and what he read almost made him drop his phone out of pure shock.
After thirty-three years of existence, Sherlock had become an irritating but valuable constant in the elder Holmes' life, and the idea of a world without Sherlock was not only daunting, but terrifying to Mycroft. Since the age of twelve, his sole purpose in life had been keeping Sherlock safe; or as safe as possible considering Sherlock's habits. If Sherlock was to die…
Realizing that he was holding his breath, John let it out with a sigh. It was no use pretending anymore. He had been wanting to lose some extra pounds before taking their relationship to the next level. Take up a gym membership, start eating more actual food and less greasy takeaway, walk rather than hail a cab...
With the combined effort from both Mycroft and the second nurse, Sherlock, despite his raging and flailing, was turned onto his side as the first nurse prepared a syringe. After their patient's bare backside was exposed, the first nurse drove the needle into one of the soft, pale cheeks.
"Doesn't it look shorter because it has no head?"
Sherlock tried not to listen, desperate to concentrate on the sound of Mycroft's breath only inches away from his face. He wanted to hide further, somehow disappear from the scene altogether, but even slobbering drunk, Father would eventually find them, think to look in closets.
John also swore he could hear a very distinct, deep voice laughing, but once he glanced in Sherlock's direction, the detective was visibly busy stuffing his own luggage away.
Sherlock stood leaning against the wall, motionless as he stared at both man and laptop. He tried to maintain a blank expression, but his blanched blue eyes betrayed him. John suddenly had the strong urge to hurry forward and embrace him, but he had a feeling he might get pushed away or hit. He expected Sherlock to remained silent and possibly even walk away from the situation, but the younger man stayed put.
“If she did, Sherlock can find out easily, and without my help.”
What if they were listening now?
The scrabbling stopped very suddenly, causing John to hesitate, but only for the briefest moment. He concentrated, trying to ignore the frenzied voice that returned on the other side. A click, and then another, and the knob turned.
“And I’m sorry for that, I truly am,” John continued. Mary squeezed her eyes shut, angrier than ever.
It was almost unfathomable that Mary was willing to wait on Sherlock despite all the problems he had caused. He did not, however, want her to be present during the talk they were bound to have once the detective woke up. It would be a big enough challenge to get Sherlock to open up to him. Mary's presence would only exacerbate things.
He tried to objectively consider his chances of being rescued now that John was gone. The only person with knowledge of his whereabouts besides John was Mycroft, and his brother was worlds away. At least another thirty hours could be expected to pass before Mycroft would start making inquiries, and despite being accused of omniscience by some, Sherlock doubted even the elder Holmes could anticipate this.
Her wording made Mycroft glance at her. He hardly wanted to think that far into the future, but he did nonetheless, out of necessity and practicality.
They weren't able to understand much of the man's intermittent ravings during the periods of time he was actually conscious, although Mabel, Jed's wife, remarked at some point that he spoke what sounded like "English" English. Jed himself was doubtful. What would an Englishman be doing in these parts of West Virginia?
“Oh, ignore those,” Sherlock said with a dismissive wave, lying back along the length of the back seats. “You wouldn’t have a chance of deciphering it anyway. Wake me when we arrive; those flights were exhausting.”
However, all he could do was give the other man a glare which hopefully conveyed his message pretty well.
"Well, to put it mildly: your brother was banged up pretty bad. The amputation itself went without additional complications, but you should know there is a considerable risk of infection, which, I assure you, we will do our best to contain. Mr. Holmes is currently receiving two different kinds of intravenous antibiotics. The surgical wounds are one thing, but at present the biggest concern is the dirt your brother has inhaled into his lungs, as it poses a risk of pneumonia."
John ran to catch up with her and promptly stood to block her path. His every pore exuded desperation. Mary turned her face away from him, determined not to let those pleading eyes break her resolve.
A re-telling of an event that helped shape Sherlock Holmes.
"I can't leave Mary in there," he said hoarsely, shaking his head.
John took a deep breath and closed his eyes for five solid seconds before he looked at Sherlock.
“Chew the furniture,” she explained, and John laughed so suddenly that he feared he had awoken the subject of their conversation.
"Yes, Sherlock, and I already told you why." John knew he had to choose his words well, since this confrontation was going every bit as badly as he'd feared. "Normally, I wouldn't think this was any of my business." He gestured at the pill. "But I think it just might be. We're friends, right? Partners? Aren't we supposed to trust each other?"
Mycroft's first conscious desire following was to stab Bening in the neck with his pen, but it was quickly overshadowed by pure shock when he felt the gust of a weak exhale against his wrist.
Where the hell was Sherlock? John thought he had heard Sherlock cry out, but there had been no subsequent calls for help. Then again, since when did that insufferable man ever call for help? The lack of a voice from Sherlock - as well as his complete physical absence -  indicated that he had likely been apprehended. Unless he was already dead.
"I need to place a meeting." A pause as he listened, then gave a response. "As soon as possible. It's a matter of haste."
"Yes, he's alive. His current condition requires privacy."
How appropriate that this clan resemble rabid dogs, John considered.
William stayed blissfully quiet throughout the procedure of getting cleaned until his older brother reached into the cabinet to take out a fresh diaper for him to wear. The little boy's previously placid face scrunched up at the sight of the hated object and morphed into an expression of pure disgust, and before Mycroft could react, William lashed out, knocking the folded piece of plastic and stuffing from his hands.
Breath deep and heavy, John tried to say yes, but he could barely make any intelligible words. Instead he only moaned and nodded, eyes closed to fully feel the blissful sensation of the hand closed around him. Sherlock smiled and kissed John’s stomach – just below the navel – out of playful affection, and then left the bed to rummage through his solitary luggage bag.
Sherlock’s seat was nearby, though thankfully to the couple, not within five feet of them. Thus, he parted, but not before giving his reply.“You know I have my ways.”
John remembered the blissful fogginess brought by the painkillers he'd been on after being shot, and how tempting it had been to keep taking them even after the pain abated. Other than that, John had never experienced substance addiction, even though he did his best to empathize.
the coffee, John!"
"John!" the younger man called out, causing John to flinch. He hurried over to where his partner stood and his blood ran cold at the sight.
“Of-of course I do,” John sputtered. “I know I should have told you earlier. I should have told you about this, about me… I’m sorry that I didn’t say it, that I’m not just attracted to women.”
Retarded mountain man One-Eye displays an interest in Sherlock that has consequences for himself and the detective.
"Sherlock," John began, fighting to keep his calm, to not start shouting in the middle of a crowded airport terminal... "One week. That is all I asked for. One week..."
"Tell me about her disappearance," Sherlock urged. "Why do you think there's foul play involved?"
The patriarch's eyes narrowed, growling out a question as to the location of their captive, and immediately his dim-witted son looked up at him from a lowered head. Three-finger darted forward for a quick search. One-Eye hadn't somehow lost the half-conscious, broken little whore within the short time of being left alone, had he?
"I can't leave her, not even now," he said, his voice flat and without emotion.
"Mary is gone!" John snapped, clenching his hands and standing from his seat. "Yes, she's taken the car, yes, we are without food, YES, our phones are not functioning. And I have no idea what my relationship with her is presently, but I still care about her and she is GONE."
Mycroft's upturned senses registered every flicker of the second hand on the large, impersonal wall-clock situated above Sherlock's hospital bed as he waited for signs of increased consciousness in his sibling. He also observed Nasim; the doctor was displaying a variety of nervous tics, including but not limited to fingering almost obsessively on his stethoscope every few seconds and moving his pen in and out of his breast pocket. Having him in his constant field of vision was driving the already highly strung civil servant crazy.
"I know what a hedgehog is," she said, annoyed. "We don't have them. We have porcupines."
Sherlock's full lips parted slightly as he witnessed the display. The giant spun the awl between his two monstrously large, scarred, hairy hands, as if contemplating the most efficient - or entertaining - way to use it. Meanwhile the smallest of the three had chosen a knife for himself. Sherlock recognized it as the same one being used to combat him, the blade rusty and covered in filth. It had nicked him in the face; just scratches, really, but he might still need to have his tetanus vaccination renewed. Assuming, of course, that he got out of their clutches before they turned both him and John into their own twisted version of beef jerky.
"Shotgun wound in the right shoulder, some smaller puncture wounds on his lower torso. Found on the riverbank, so he's likely been in the river. He's hypothermic and appears to have respiratory problems, no foreign objects lodged in his airways. Possible infection, appears lucid at times, but is unresponsive to speech. Pupils react normally to light, so there's no present suspicion of brain damage."
Sherlock's typical response was increasing obstinacy, and had been so since he learned to speak, but there were a few rare occasions when the younger man was thrown off enough to actually listen and take heed. Mycroft hoped this would be one of those times.
“Maybe.” John was silent otherwise.
"I swear it was nothing I did to him," John insisted, flustered yet trying to keep his voice down. " I wasn't even planning on shagging him! He wasn't even supposed to come with us. And then suddenly he's initiating sex between us the moment Mary's gone."
"The same day Sarah went missing..." the doctor murmured, wondering if that too could be a coincidence. "It's still just circumstantial, Sherlock. We don't know if--"
Sherlock looked at his flatmate as if John had suddenly grown a second head - or lost his mind.
"He was only awake for a minute, maybe less," Nasim explained, obviously backtracking.
It was different from last time. His conscious mind had blocked much of what happened when he was shot as a coping mechanism, but certain bits remained accessible in his dreams; not as coherent, structured memories but fragmental pieces from here and there. The blazing sun, the blue sky, the baking hot desert sand against his face, and what was perhaps the most pungent memory of all: the smattering noise of machine gun fire coming from a variety of directions.
Because of the shock, his doctors said. Deleting memories that were potentially harmful and might prevent recovery was a coping mechanism for the human mind. Not that Sherlock had much in common with most of humanity, and yet… Thank God for small favours.
Mycroft dispassionately scribbled his signature onto the documents and thrust them brusquely back into Anthea's hands.
One-Eye glanced at his bitten fingers. Three-finger could have a look at it, perhaps fix the damage done... if he was in a forgiving enough mood.
"Fucking rednecks..." she muttered, pressing down once more on the gas pedal only to get the same disappointing results. She realized she would likely burn the engine by trying and instead turned it off, half-expecting to see smoke billow from under the hood.
Instead, the lunatic stood up, lifting its prey as it did so. John thought he could smell rotting meat on the thing's breath as it laughed.
Finally he managed to open his eyes...
"No, they were still in the cabin. That's what clued people in. They heard the dogs whining and barking inside. Neither Phyllis or Chris would've have just left their dogs unattended like that."
According to the detective's calculations, it would take forty-eight hours of silence on his part before Mycroft began making inquiries, perhaps sixty, depending on his brother's schedule. If they could manage to stay alive that long…
John held back a frustrated sigh and instead placed his hand on one of his partner's own. "Please?"
Sherlock was able to move through the rooms of his memory palace with preternatural speed, and his next destination was John's bedroom one story up. There, in the doctor's modest wooden-frame bed, he saw himself and the doctor having sex for the first time.
The helicopter was about to land.
Stretches of time were lost to his brain thanks to the bouts of unconsciousness. The last time he was conscious on the local's porch, he could hear a familiar sound... the repetitive cacophony that he just couldn't place in the fog of his delirium... until he actually saw the maker of the sound hovering over the house.
"Perhaps more..." The detective looked back at John. "But that's not definite unless we find more tracks. Or the group itself. But either way, the giant could be outrun or avoided on foot, short of him having a weapon. This little one here, no such limp. Man or woman, it would be more of a problem in a chase. Given any of them are in decent health..."
Mycroft tilted his head in a condescending look. There was the Mycroft Holmes that John Watson knew.
Pursing his lips, Sherlock folded his arms. “You can have it. I’ve changed my mind.”
The few times John had been lucid enough to understand the voices around him, he heard someone mention that paramedics were on their way. How would they get here again? Where the hell was he? Where was Sherlock? Was he even alive?
“It’s only a straight drive from here,” John announced as they drove down winding roads framed by trees and the occasional empty field. “Keep an eye out for… what was it? Owl Hollow?”
None of the three cannibals were currently watching him, and Sherlock exhaled in relief. Practically every part of his body was aching, he was thirsty and needed to relieve himself, but at least he didn't have to return to a session of torture inflicted upon his person. Very carefully, he tested the strength of his bonds. Raw pain immediately shot through his fractured right arm, but he bit back the consequent cry which formed in his lungs.
"In your first email to me, you hinted at something. I dismissed it then, didn't figure it had any relevance. Now I believe it might have."
"Around 4:45. He was understandably in distress because of his unfamiliar surr"--
Before leaving, he glanced back at his brother's motionless form one final time. Anyone else might have spoken a farewell or reassurance to their own sibling were they in Mycroft's situation, perhaps held his hand, but the civil servant did not. Sherlock was unconscious; what good would it do?
Sherlock bristled. “Touched in the head was term they used,” he snapped. “Not that they have any sort of mental capacity themselves.”
I'm stronger than that, he said to himself. If only he could believe the words. He had to be strong. He was certain that if Sherlock was still alive, he would be strong, despite the agony dealt against him.
"Oh stop it!" John said, quite sick of his partner's behavior. He sighed and took a seat on the bed where Mary had slept. "It's unnecessary that you prattle on and on about nothing but yourself at the moment."
His drowsiness must have been taking over now, because Missy seemed to vanish within the blink of an eye. Stifling a yawn, despite having no audience, Mycroft first removed the damnable Kevlar vest he had been wearing for hours now, though it felt more like days. The coolness which reached his sweat-soaked shirt and skin placed a mental note in him to get a shower after he awoke. Still taking the time to smooth out his suit before settling himself, he lay staring at the ceiling for a half minute until he closed his eyes. He found the racing thoughts inside his brain slowing much sooner than expected, and within minutes he was asleep.
"Easy there, Mr. Holmes," the team leader said, offering a strong hand to keep him steady. He turned to bark some orders to his crew. "Hurry up on that medivac!"
It did not take Sherlock long to understand the psychopath's attempts at making the head fellate him, and he desperately tried to ignore the sensation of a slack jaw, moist with putrefaction, against his cock.
"Use it, as always," his friend said. "Think of it as the same scenario as all others. Mary won't be found without us."
Dr. Nasim still seemed a little surprised at how well the elder Holmes was taking the situation, but he did not waste time asking if his was certain. Still, his well-practiced ritual of a proper bedside manner persisted one last time.
He glanced upward at the large pot boiling on the stove, watching how Sawtooth occasionally tended to it, and even One-Eye would glance inside, either to look at the bubbles or to inform their leader if the contents might be in danger of boiling over. Supper would be ready soon, and like it or not, the "guest" would have to be fed as well, or else he would starve, much to the anticipation of Three-finger and disappointment of Sawtooth. Three-finger huffed at the predicament, sniffing and snorting and wondering if the family had any green potatoes lying around. After all, those were bad...
The hare-lipped giant moved his massive bulk off the bed and stood up, clearly pleased with his accomplishment. Sherlock remained where he was, at least until he was picked up and thrown over the mountain man's shoulder once more. This time there was no squirming or writhing on the detective's part. It was as though he had already given up hope, and John found the idea incredibly sad and also disconcerting. Without Sherlock's wits and drive their chances of escaping this hellhole decreased exponentially.
The room was dark when John entered, but as his eyes adjusted, he saw that Mary was still awake. Lying under a sheet, she calmly looked up at him as he awkwardly removed his trousers and shirt. She turned over, expecting the dipping sensation of a body joining her in the bed, but instead she heard the shuffling of his feet against the carpet. Then John bumped into a drawer and she heard him whisper out a curse.
John gritted his teeth before answering. “I am on vacation, Sherlock! This was supposed to be just Mary and I, if you’ve conveniently forgotten.”
Sherlock nodded gravely; he agreed wholeheartedly that their time was scarce. If Mary was still alive, she would not be for much longer.
When the red sticky mess coated his hands and much of his face, he moved on, savoring the feeling and not minding the flies which now buzzed around his gore-soaked visage. The rabbit was not quite the same as his ideal target, but for the moment he was satisfied. Imagination was enough for now while he scouted.
Even in the blur of the laptop screen, John could see Mycroft pursing his lips at the remark. He was getting suspicious of this conversation.
"So we're good, then?" he asked hopefully, giving Sherlock a playful nudge with his shoulder. "Still friends?"
One-Eye got off the bed, twitching from agitation much like his older sibling did at times. The pale whore continued to simply lie there, showing no signs of waking up. The youngest of the small clan scratched his scalp, trying desperately to think of a way to solve the problem.
Sherlock does some online research and has another talk with his client, Bobbi Ferguson.
His last conscious thought was that he was tired and felt like sleeping. So he did.
Sherlock's current torment triggers some unwanted memories from his past, while his captors fight an internal battle.
Talking would do no good, despite Mycroft's immediate reflex to reason with him. Still, the more Sherlock struggled, the worse he made the situation; technology monitoring his life signs continued to break loose.
On the inside, the trailer was messy, with clothing haphazardly thrown about, as well as lots of stacked boxes. John was relieved not to see any obvious filth or dirt, but he would not have wanted to sit down on her couch with nothing between his skin and the fabric of the cushions. At least Sherlock had thought to bring his own towel.
“I wish you would please just listen. Mary and I – not Mary, YOU, and I, understand – had plans, and we had an agreement, that YOU were staying here, and…” The strength in John’s voice faded as he took a moment to think over his partner’s words. He glanced at Mary, who looked as though she had heard it quite clearly as well.
“Well, the train doesn’t go into this town where the resort is,” John said, searching the Amtrak site on his phone.
Curling up in a foetal position with a pillow - the one John had used - pressed tightly to his chest, Sherlock buried his face in the soft cotton fabric and tried desperately to quench the sobs threatening to break out of his throat. Moisture seeped from his eyes, gathering in his lashes and making them stand out in spikes. He was experiencing a gamut of emotions, ranging from despair to rage.
It did not take them long to reach a decision. This side of Bear Mountain was no longer safe for their little group of three.
Anthea. Thank God for Anthea.
"Yes... Yes, of course." Knowing that he could not enter the pool wearing the robe, he finally discarded it, but not without a certain amount of hesitation. Mary had never seen him naked before, and his insecurities regarding his recent weight-gain weighed heavily on his mind, more than figuratively speaking.
She began to descend instantly back into her seat, but she paused when she heard a noise. Looking at her surroundings, a little twinge of fear returned. She did not hear the sound perfectly, but she could have sworn it was a footstep, and not from a deer or a fox. For a moment she almost called out a hello, but she had been properly spooked. After all, John and Sherlock were investigating a disappearance, which very well could have been an abduction.
“I have… issues,” John finally said, his voice feeling weak from the dry throat. He felt a hand touch his bare knee, and when Mary spoke again, her voice was quiet, but even.
Less than a second later he remembered the following in succession: there was no school. He was too old for that. He was an adult. He was Sherlock Holmes. He was Sherlock Holmes regaining consciousness. The last time he had been awake...
"Ah'll be damned…" "Pa" muttered and crouched down next to the prone man covered in mud but otherwise as naked as the day he was born. He stuck out a hand and held it in front of John's face to check if he was breathing, and once he had positive affirmation, he turned back to his son.
, goddamn it - was too busy worshipping the ground he walked on?
It was far from typical behaviour from Sherlock. The detective was not known to give up that easily, and John feared that he would come up with some way to ruin their vacation yet.
The doctor left with a sigh, making sure that his phone was in his pocket before exiting the apartment. Maybe he could call Greg Lestrade, ask if he wanted to go out for a beer or two. He was, after all, one of very few people besides John himself who had even limited understanding of how Sherlock's mind worked. And what a pain in the arse he could be.
"What do you want…?" he muttered, opening his eyes to the ugly visage glaring at him.
"Would you like some company?" he asked Mary. "An extra hand in carrying bags?"
could have made it to the store and back within forty minutes, and so would anyone with half a brain, but he managed to restrain himself, realizing that John likely wanted to hear words of reassurance rather than stone cold facts.
The Baker Street boys head back into the woods fort further investigation...
He briefly observed the practically scarlet mark which the boiling water had left on Sherlock's right hand - a second degree burn this time - and reached for the limb to examine it further. It would no doubt blister and become even more painful if left untreated. Sherlock pulled his hand away before John could grasp it.
John was lucky enough that his friend was being so open with him now, so he decided not to press the matter. Instead, he scooted his body closer and carefully caressed Sherlock’s side with the back of his hand. Sherlock tensed under the contact.
"We should have gone to New York..." John muttered sourly. "This is no way to "experience" America."
Ah. After the outburst last night, the doctor was hesitant to bring on a repeat, which was far from unlikely. Mycroft only hoped that they would not be trapped in a stupid cycle of Sherlock waking, panicking, and being sedated all over again. He had to rely on the shaky, but still possible chance of his own presence being able to prevent it.
Bobbi was starting to look uncomfortable. "I'm not sure we should be doing this..." she murmured, nervously wringing her bejeweled hands.
The small contact between them was broken, causing a slight lurch in John's stomach, but Sherlock's hand returned, this time holding a very small object. As the doctor instinctively took the object, he cringed at the slick surface. In the darkness, the fluid looked black.
"A little more discretion, a little less impertinence," he muttered. Certainly he always approached any and all scenarios with caution, but those he met did not have to know this. After all, this was the inspection of a potential therapist, not the interrogation of a criminal.
“He seems perfectly at ease going naked,” Mary answered with a small laugh. “Not that I blame him. He’s not terrible looking, body-wise. And such a cute little bum for someone so thin.”
That settled it. Saw-tooth grabbed a frying pan from the nearby stove and stomped toward his son and the scrawny whore. He swung the object at the smaller clan member, but fortunately for Three-finger, he had developed the reflexes of a cougar and managed to dodge the blow. The frying pan made a loud clattering noise against the old iron pipe, and although it missed its target, the move had at least attracted Three-finger's attention.
Anthea usually never intruded with personal opinions; she understood how her employer operated and Mycroft - being Mycroft - understood how she operated in kind. He knew his personal assistant had to have a reason for giving her view on the matter, but to hell with that trivial matter. Even without the resentful factor of John Watson being found first, Mycroft hardly wanted the doctor present in a time such as this.
"Open it," Mycroft found himself saying automatically.
“No, I don’t suppose so. He’s a little too egomaniacal to subject himself to that.”
"Good afternoon, Mycroft," John returned.
The detective did have a point. They could be wasting valuable time. Wordless in their decision, they continued onward.
"I... I didn't mean it like that," John tried, but everything he could think of to use for his defense suddenly seemed hollow, if not downright ludicrous. Instead he had to fight back the urge not to simply scream
Mycroft wiped a thin layer of sweat from his brow with a custom-made handkerchief which carried his initials, MH, written in stylish copperplate in one corner. The irritating buzz of a mosquito circled about his ear and he batted at it, sourly remembering bits and bobs from his childhood, and why he had loathed country life.
The detective managed to dodge but was not fast enough. The knife's edge grazed his left cheek, slitting up a wound dangerously close to his eye. He could feel the warm trickle of blood on his face, even though a surge of adrenalin momentarily blocked out the sensation of pain.
"Umm..." John said, somewhat desperate to break the silence that at this point was thick in the air like a rainy mist. Sherlock remained silent, not uttering a noise of confirmation, but not responding negatively either, so the older man continued.
“Yes, yes…” John replied, rubbing his temples. “And I’m sure it will be an engaging case indeed, but for now, it’s getting late and we haven’t had any proper sleep since before we were on a plane. I think Mary and I might turn in for the night.”
Eager to taste the lifeless meat hauled on the patriarch's shoulder, One-Eye plucked at the open wounds, sucking the gore from his fingertips. He could barely contain his excitement; not only had they found three Outsiders to chase, but the clan had caught two of them, one to be used as a shiny new toy and the other as a meal. He did not know if Sawtooth would eventually grow tired of his plaything, or if the Outsider would stay until he could no longer scream or move, to then become a meal, but he hoped for the latter. He liked their current guest and wanted it to stay as long as possible.
"I really like you too, Mary," he said instead, placing a clumsy arm around her sweaty, naked back. They briefly rested their foreheads together, and John felt somewhat at ease for the first time during the trip. He was glad not to have been faced with immediate rejection, but he still worried about her response to finding out the true nature about his relationship with Sherlock.
"You'll alert me should his condition change."
John was at a loss for words. He could picture Sherlock so clearly, sitting on the cold floor of his closet, knees drawn up to his chest, eyes staring blankly into the surrounding darkness with only the sound of his own blood coursing in his ears... Sherlock, all alone, with no one to confide in. John felt his chest constrict painfully.
TBC...
At first Sawtooth was reticent in making a choice, despite the serious matter at hand. Neither of his sons had been born when the clan split and took residence in separate territories. The parting that sent himself and their mother miles upon miles away had left bad memories for him, especially towards his family. If they had not separated, perhaps they could have had more help.
The detective rolled his eyes as though he was talking to a simpleton. He pointed at his own head. "This."
"The worst of the smell is back here," he noted. He turned back and saw John reaching toward the latch, hesitating. "Careful."
"What?" John asked. As far as he had seen, Sherlock had been unable to do little else but struggle in vain and take the abuse given to him. Still, he remembered the look in Sherlock's eyes when the giant had gotten close enough to John.
As if on cue, the dark-haired man stirred in his sleep, his features crunched up from the pain caused by the movement. John could see the rapid fluttering behind Sherlock's eyelids: he was in REM mode and would undoubtedly soon wake up.
He was in a body bag, he was sure of it. He was dying, possibly dead already...
Mary’s excitement had been reserved for much of the time leading up to the day of departure, but two days beforehand, she was downright giddy.
John felt a small sting when the catheter punctured his skin and a cold sensation when the fluid resuscitation, lactated Ringer's solution, most likely, entered his venous system. A moment later everything faded to black.
John glanced back at Sherlock, making sure the other man was still asleep. Then again, if Sherlock were truly awake, he would have been talking.
"John, the pictures...!"
That's easy for you to say, John thought. You're not stuck and probably looking like some grotesque version of Winnie the Pooh clumsily grappling for a pot of honey.
The paramedics had obviously decided to quit trying to get any information out of him, because the next thing John noticed was being lifted and placed on a stretcher - one could probably not even work a gurney on ground such as this - and carried toward the helicopter. The deafening sound of the rotors slicing through the air filled his ears, and for a moment John imagined the paramedics throwing him against the rotor blades and laughing as parts of his dismembered corpse were strewn about.
The younger Holmes' hands lay placidly on top of the bedspread, clearly having been arranged that way by the hospital staff after his brief return to consciousness and subsequent meltdown. Amongst the numerous hoses and monitoring equipment surrounding his brother, Mycroft spotted a translucent plastic bag containing a yellowish liquid attached to one side of the hospital bed. His gaze followed - not without a certain amount of disgust - the flexible silicone tube leading away from the drainage bag and disappearing under the sheet.
Giving the stop sign one more quick glance, she sat down, closed the door, and turned the rental car around, driving the opposite way.
Bobbi  Ferguson meanwhile, was waiting for the detective and the doctor at the outdoor pool. As the weather was now warm enough, the pool outside was being used by substantially more people. Not to John’s surprise, most of them did not have particularly healthy body types. Not that John had ever thought of himself as especially prudish in the past, nor had he thought poorly of individuals who were overweight, as he hardly had the right to complain around some people, but suddenly seeing everyone so… exposed… It made him wary. Suddenly the thought of no clothes to separate him from others made him very nervous.
"You heard the lady," Sherlock interjected from his seat at the couch. "This takes precedence."
"Let's proceed then," the older Holmes quietly advised, lightly jostling the small hand in his own in a playful manner to try and lighten the somber, tense mood. Only when William jostled back did Mycroft let go and turn the tap on, waiting for the water to reach the right temperature: hot, but not too hot, as his sibling had instructed in the past.
He thrust his phone in under John's nose, proudly presenting whatever that was on the screen. At this distance, John could not read it.
"Mycroft, I had an accident…" William began, his voice small and weak, perhaps hoping it would pass by unnoticed by his brother.
The shaking of John's legs increased by each step he took toward the nightmarish lodge. He had found a rusty old metal rod in the woods near the backyard which he now carried with him. Still he heard no sounds from the cabin. John stubbornly refused to admit the possibility that the silence meant there was nothing left for him to save.
Were they out preying on a new victim? Mary had only been dead a few hours; they would not be needing more meat for at least a week, unless they had a habit of 'stocking up' during the summer months to last through the harsh Appalachian winter.
"Not yet."
"He's scatterbrained," John explained. "If he deems something unimportant at the time, he deletes it. I have a feeling he did that quite a bit during his childhood."
John rested his head for a moment against the plywood, fighting the feelings of defeat that doggedly returned every so often.
Bobbi nodded. “Yes, she does. So why would she want to—”
"Next year."
"This..." John said, "...is not at all what I had in mind for us..."
“And second of all,” John continued, his tone sharper, “I was under the assumption that we trusted each other. I’ve trusted you with my life, you know.”
“That could be anywhere,” Mary said matter-of-factly. John was about to nod when something caught his eye.
Sawtooth sniffed the air and could swear he smelled the presence of their game. They were close and would soon be much closer. He nearly had them moments before, but they had slipped away. These sweet little morsels were clever, but not clever enough. Like so many others before them, their disadvantage was that the woods were not their home. The plump one would become food like past prey, and the pretty one would be theirs until his death... which might not be far off if he continued to defy them.
At times such as these, Sawtooth wondered if parting from the rest of their family had been a poor decision. Several mountains over, more of their kind lived in similar circumstances... or at least he thought they still lived. For all he knew, they had already been found by Outsiders, too many to be controlled or killed. Sawtooth hoped not, though. He and his mother may have separated from the clan to set out for their own years upon years ago, and bad blood might still exist between them despite the long time apart, but they were family.
Mycroft pursed his lips at the message and visualized a hedgehog on its back and angrily squealing, even more so when Watson's voice was still strained from the use of a ventilator. The temper tantrums of a useless minder for his brother was not what he needed to deal with at present. Well... not completely useless, but Mycroft could care less about that minute detail.
“As if they’ll know…” Sherlock said. “This country isn’t exactly known for superior education.”
"We seem to have no food," Mary stated.
Looking back down at his brother, his eyes scanned over every injury. A battle strategy diagram of wounds. Sherlock seemed well enough to be awoken... if he were any normal human being. But the tragic reality was that he was not normal, and his very probable frenzied reaction was going to prove disastrous when he had so many things attached to him. Mycroft glanced at the surgical drain leading away from his brother's scalp and wondered if the same would have to be done to the stump which was once a leg.
"How can you tell?"
John briefly wondered if this would be taken out of their lodging pay.
“Who is this person you’re supposed to meet up with, by the way?” John asked, changing the subject. He was not about to scamper about naked outside. Or inside either, for that matter.
"You'd understand the words, but not the concepts. I'll let you read it yourself when you're seven."
He had expected the creature to come at him, but somehow the beastly little thing still managed to catch him by surprise. A sudden weight collided with him and dislodged him from his stance. Four thin but incredibly strong limbs, all long, wiry sinews and muscle, coiled around him with the lethal strength of a large constrictor. The deformed little psychopath had jumped onto his back and caught his head in a chokehold.
“I wouldn’t say angelic,” Mary added slyly as they entered the domestic flights terminal at the JFK airport, to wait for their second and final flight. “He stared me down through the taxi window like an owl before we drove off.”
“I assure you, that’s not the case,” John said, desperate to simply leave and hope they would not have to sleep in the car due to Sherlock getting them kicked out.
"I'm not in the mood to talk," Sherlock said, his tone unreadable. John was uncertain whether his partner was busy thinking of more ways to escape their dilemma, or if he was truly worse off than he seemed.
"The man nearly killed you. You're telling me you're not even the tiniest bit afraid he might try again?"
"I'm alright, Anthea," Mycroft sniped, a bit too defensive to be viewed as truthful.
have been John!
//Kidnapped// he wrote, and offered the pad back to Mycroft.
"From one of the photographs?" he tried. Sherlock looked at him with a tiny, triumphant smile and turned on the camera. At least they had thought to bring that with them... And charged it.
"And knowing what an utter shit I've been to both of you, she likely left for good and got a plane ticket back home." John rubbed his face with his hands and sank back onto the bed, feeling hopeless. "What the hell is wrong with me, Sherlock..."
Sherlock gathered himself up from the bed and lit the ceiling lamp. The shade was a ghastly, soiled thing, probably white once upon a time, but now a faded yellow. Nevertheless, it did its job providing the room with illumination, bleary though it was, and Sherlock shuffled over to the small mirror hanging on one of the walls. The glass was scratched and held a few suspicious stains, but he could see himself just fine. He was a horrid sight. Giving a shaky sigh, the detective brushed his tangled hair back from his forehead and let his eyes slide shut. Then he inhaled deeply a few times and counted to ten. It helped slightly, but he still felt - and looked - a sodding mess.
"How do you manage to stay so calm?" the doctor said, walking into the kitchenette and preparing a kettle for tea. Sherlock leaned against the door frame of the bedroom, reminding John of how Mary stood that very morning.
John's head was feeling several sizes too big when he blurrily came to. He could feel himself being carried, and not at all with consideration or gentility. Whomever was lugging him about did so as though he were a sack of grain. He did not reach full consciousness until he felt rough hands lifting him by the arms and tying him to something from above, thus leaving him hanging rather painfully by his wrists. Like his partner, his mouth was bound with duct tape, and he could only make muffled noises of protest.
“I’m fine, don’t touch me!” he snapped venomously as he reclined spread-eagle on the furniture. He looked nearly ready to snarl as John approached him with a penlight for further inspection.
"John…" Sherlock took a step forward. To do what? Reason with him again? Pull him up and force him to come along? The younger man had not yet decided.
Three-finger was still laughing at the little creature's torment as he found a thick thread to stitch One-Eye's wounds shut. Leaving his youngest sibling in charge of the Outsider, even for a short while, had been a poor idea. Still, he was happy that One-Eye's injuries had been seen to and that reprisal had been served. He had not trusted having this new plaything in the cabin, but perhaps if punishments continued this way, the clan had nothing in the department of fighting back to worry about.
Mycroft recognized the voice of the woman who approached him. Missy looked a little less on her guard as she walked over to him, and the look in her eyes suggested things were going well. Either that or she had been in the profession long enough to have a stunning poker face, which he doubted could have tricked even him.
The smell hit against them like a physical wall when the shed door was opened and revealed the macabre contents. Mycroft had seen - and smelled - his fare share of corpses in various stages of decomposition, but nothing could have prepared him for the sight dangling from the ceiling.
The younger man snorted at the suggestion. "Well now you're just being silly. What are we trespassing, their favorite bush for doing a wee in?"
"God, no!" Sherlock made a noise that could only be interpreted as a groan of despair. "He mustn't know, John! He'd never let me near another crime scene if he did."
"He became frustrated," he said, not waiting for any questions, accusatory or otherwise. He expected the usual subsequent questions. The inquiries of just how often Sherlock gets "frustrated", the demand to know what his older brother had done to provoke him. Instead, the women acted upon the matter at hand, recognizing that calming Sherlock was their major priority. Mycroft surmised that perhaps the nurse staff had been made aware of their patient's earlier outburst. Either that, or they were quite used to patient tantrums in this area of the state, likely from use of methamphetamines.
Knowing that sleep would be hard-earned, Mycroft went to his medicine cabinet before bed to get a sleeping pill. At the moment he was too dejected to heed the obvious warning not to take the pills combined with alcohol.
He shook his head in a negative gesture, although the purpose of the response remained vague.
He hung up before the doctor could get another word in and instead speed-dialed Anthea, ordering her to get him a taxi. Mycroft loathed having to wait for menial things like transport with nothing to do in the meantime. With a small amount of luck, his leased car along with its own chauffeur would be readily accessible by midday.
Sherlock was nearly always like this when he initiated sex, but somehow it still surprised John every time. He wanted to return the tenacity, but he still had to mind his partner’s skin, no matter how eager Sherlock was.
“I’m not a child,” Sherlock snapped drowsily. His voice sounded resentful, and John wondered if in his ill state he was remembering something from the past. “Of course I can stand. Walking…”
Sherlock drifted in and out of awareness as he was carried back to the cabin. His first moment of consciousness brought the odd sensation of bits of his hair being tugged on, and the deep-throated chuckles of the inbred madmen caused him to realize that he was being teased and played with by the mid-sized cannibal, who had become very fond of his dark curls. Sherlock passed out once more.
Glancing back at the giant, John's blood became ice water when he saw the man staring in his direction. Yet the brute turned away, much to the doctor's relief. John was resolute to keep his breath even and remain as calm as physically possible, given the circumstances. He could not afford to give away his position now.
In addition, she was not certain if the missing person case had gotten to her, but she could not help wondering if the abductor was one of the guests. Was he – She? They? – out on another little hunt now? Mary was not sure. But she did know she felt as though she was being watched by some unseen presence. Suddenly the warmth in the air of the summer evening was gone, and she shivered as she hurried, somewhat unsteadily, toward the lodge which was now in sight.
Back arched, the detective came as well, squirting his release over his own stomach. Despite the haze clouding his brain, John could not help but notice that the amount of ejaculate - consisting of only two small pearlescent stains - did not match the apparent force of Sherlock's climax.
She briefly considered dropping everything and heading for the nearest airport to purchase a one-way ticket back home. She had everything of importance in her purse; passport, phone, credit card and enough cash to get by. Never mind that most of her luggage was left at the cabin, or that she was wearing a sleeveless top and denim shorts.
"What about your friend?" Mary said hoarsely, emphasis on the word "friend".
“You dolt!” she said. “Of course I won’t back out. I didn’t come all the way out here just for sex, you know. I actually like you!”
“Don’t tell me you don’t see what’s so blatantly obvious on those images.”
“First of all,” he said, “I have never thought of you as crazy. Never. I’ve only ever thought of you as yourself.”
"Someone get a shovel!" he exclaimed, grasping for composure even as his heart began to hammer in his chest. When the team only stared at him, he explained, resisting the urge to call them idiots. "There's a tube leading under the soil! Hurry!"
Sherlock thankfully did not remember his dreams, but he was still in a dreamlike haze when he awoke to the feeling of something jabbing into his side. He barely had his eyes open before he could recognize the sensation was coming from someone's finger. The detective found himself whining, as though he were a child again, being awoken to get ready for school. But a snarl entered his ear from mere inches away, and he quickly remembered where he was, feeling the vice-like grip of despair reclaim him.
The officer who had unzipped the suitcase and was consecutively the first to behold the contents promptly ran over to set of bushes to throw up. The sound of his (rather loud) retching could be heard by his colleagues as well as Mycroft, and they all, elite tactical team training aside, seemed hesitant to look into the suitcase again.
"One thing, sir. I've received a number of voicemail messages from John Watson. He's asking about your brother. What would you like me to tell him?"
Had it been like this when he was shot for the first time in the Afghan desert? He could remember the raw pain, the blazing sun, the crisp desert sand against his face, the deafening, smattering noises of bullets fired in all directions, and human voices shouting in a mixture of languages, some friendly, others not.
A guttural, half-choked cry left John's throat, slowly turning into a wail as his legs gave way from underneath him, and he would have collapsed had Sherlock not caught him in his arms and held him firmly against his own chest, supporting nearly all of his weight.
John glanced down at the stone still in his hand and dropped it to the dirt. If he was about to set things right again, he would need more than rocks. If he might have a chance to rescue the one person he had left in this awful godforsaken place, he would have to focus, and keep his head clear.
"Christ, I couldn't believe it," John softly exclaimed. "Suddenly Mary's back in the lodge and here I am, stinking of sex musk with Mary knowing exactly what's happened."
"No wallet," he noted aloud. John stood and joined his side, looking with a blank expression at the evidence.
Thus far, nothing set off his suspicion. No strange smells in the air, no sounds save for the wildlife, a breeze, and a nearby air vehicle chopping away in the sky. However, as he continued to walk, he perked up as the last noise increased in volume. Three-finger looked upward, searching for any sign of the machine. Normally when they flew overhead, they passed by without fuss. This one was getting louder. It was getting closer.
He could remember the two pathetic attempts at sex with his previous girlfriend, Dana. The first time he had managed to become erect, but came prematurely after less than a minute, and the second time he had stayed as flaccid as a snake with a broken neck despite repeated oral and manual attempts at stimulation from Dana. She had broken it off with him two days after that fiasco, her explanation the usual: she liked him a lot, but they were too different and not right for each other, and would be better off as friends. She did not state his performance issues as a cause for the break up, but when John looked into her eyes, he saw pity, as clear as day in them. Not that he could blame her. Pity was not a basis for a relationship.
While two team members automatically obeyed the order, the Latino officer - of course - vocalized his doubt.
"You should have told me," he managed to say. "I could have... helped you. Supported you."
When Sherlock heard no thunderous bang, he thought perhaps he had died instantly, but he quickly caught on to what had happened. A look of confusion, then anger spread over the pointed features of the mountain man's ugly face.
“Turn around then,” he said, folding his legs and facing the detective. Sherlock did as asked and slumped forward as he relished the cool sensation on his red skin.
"They'll be there for later. Now please keep your head still and try not to blink." Despite the request, Sherlock blinked furiously when John checked his eyes, but fortunately his pupils seemed to respond as they should to light.
"That cabin won't discover itself, John," he reminded his assistant.
Sherlock looked confused and, John realized, a smidgen hurt. Immediately John regretted his harsh words, even though it still puzzled him sometimes how profoundly ignorant Sherlock was of normal human emotions. Subtlety and hints were wasted on him.
Suddenly the little room in his memories was no longer such a reassuring place to be.
He brushed a hand through his thick curls and John was briefly reminded of the mental image of his partner's partially shaved head.
"Sherlock!" the doctor objected, noticing with despair how Mary's features closed up entirely once more.
"No!" it sputtered, tugging on the bonds despite the pain it must have inflicted on the broken arm.
He wanted to find these monsters. He wanted to kill them.
He suddenly realized that he should have secured photographic evidence of Mary Morstan's remains the moment he discovered them. John probably had no desire to re-enter the shed, but Sherlock knew that emotional distress could make people do the most foolish of things without any thought of the consequences. In this case, he suspected John might very well mess with the crime scene, perhaps by attempting to cut Mary down from the beam.
Was that what was happening to him this very minute?
"Do you need more money?" John asked and wanted to punch himself in the mouth the following moment.
"I don't, remember?" Sherlock said with a smirk. "I drive myself into fainting spells and fry my skin with the sunlight." He joined his assistant next to the counter as they waited for the water to reach the proper temperature. "And you do better than you think. All of that military training had to do with it, I imagine."
And then, remembering the photos, John scribbled some more:
"John? Are you with me?" the detective asked, having noticed his assistant was zoning out once more. "Are you up to this? Tell me the truth."
At this point, Sherlock was tempted to knock himself out.
"It's still a missing person case," she said. "It can't be ignored. You should keep working."
"Let me in, Sherlock! I have to see it!" he yelled, now practically frenzied in his attempts to dislodge the taller man. John was the heavier of the two, but Sherlock, despite his willowy frame, possessed a wiry strength that was difficult for John to counter.
"Sherlock," John replied. "Are you..." He stopped, knowing the question would be idiotic. His partner answered nonetheless.
TBC...
He could not go. Whether the difficulty be from medication withdrawal, the wearing down from torture, or both, he could not hide inside his mind. He felt everything.
"Look at the date, John." Sherlock zoomed back out until the little yellow digits in the lower right corner became visible.
“Lovely,” John said.  “Interviewing Mr. Ferguson in public about these very sensitive disappearances…”
John nodded. "Clozapine. He told me he has bipolar disorder."
he had taken the sedative he'd been seconds from ingesting when the fateful news of Sherlock's overseas interment reached him. At least then he would have had an excuse not to take immediate action.
No, that role goes to my brother,
"Do you have tea?" Sherlock asked.
Coupled with the slight embarrassment was also a strong sense of relief. He could evidently still get excited without thoughts of Sherlock... Oh drat.
"He'll be right over," a deeply tanned young female nurse informed him and his PA, speaking of Nasim.
“Hmmn?” Sherlock sighed as he awoke. He stared drowsily at John’s mad dash for composure. “What’s going on?”
Mycroft, for all his savvy, did not have all the answers. This was John's mess, and thus also his to sort out.
"But you can come take a look at him."
Shouts from one SWAT team member to another announced that they had cleared the area. Mycroft was shoved aside none-too-gently and the decision to open the shed door was taken from him by one of the heavily armoured Americans whose name tag identified him as J. Bening.
John shook his head, wishing there was some way to talk Sherlock out of pursuing this trail. Not only was it illogical and against all common sense, but completely absurd. Even if they could locate the man in the photo, what would they ask him? If he had abducted any women recently? If he enjoyed hiding in the undergrowth to spy on naked hikers? If he was an inbred lunatic?
Again Sherlock found himself trudging through what felt to him like a very tactile fog. As his awareness slowly, uncomfortably returned to him, he only found himself not wanting to move from where he had been for the past few hours.
John wiped his tears away. "Yeah."
The pair made their way into Sherlock's bedroom without any further talk, and the detective quickly maneuvered his doctor partner onto his back in the unmade bed, straddling him. John let Sherlock take control, knowing that the younger man would take responsibility for his own pleasure and not hesitate to take it. Sherlock's assertiveness was perhaps why things had always worked so well between them as far as sex was concerned. It made John feel at ease.
Trying in vain to stifle his sobs, Sherlock edged away from the swinging object of torment, whimpering when he came near to straining his broken arm against the restraints. Chortling at the response, the mountain man shoved his deformed fingers into the younger man's mouth as an improvised gag, and with a sickening smile, placed the severed head in his victim's lap.
Mycroft remained silent, raising one eyebrow superciliously as he waited for the Indian to speak.
Sherlock blinked, his realization instantaneous. John reached into his pocket and removed the pill, placing it on the table.
"No," Sherlock said, already sounding like he was thinking ahead on another clue. "Too many prints for this one as well, as haphazard as they are. It's a companion."
“He wanted to go find the missing woman’s car. I said no. After all, I had you waiting for me. And I’d rather be spending time with you as our vacation dictated instead of going on wild goose chases with someone who tagged along just to make me miserable.”
"Sher..."
Bobbi looked troubled. "I think I've only got Lipton..."
"Almost there," he whispered, though he spoke not only for Sherlock but also himself. The last two nails had been the deepest, and he began to struggle with maintaining some level of patience. He could feel from the carving that the tool had dulled against the grain, but he persisted. Finally the last nails could be wrenched loose, and he carefully pried the boards away.
He tried very hard to think of something he could write down that would summarize their entire horrible experience with the deformed cannibals in the most informative, concise manner possible. Mycroft at present did not need to know that his brother had been raped by a disfigured giant, even though that memory was forever going to be etched to John's retinas.
"What about the picture?" Sherlock insisted. "He was spying on Sarah Cavanaugh, exactly where we're standing now!"
TBC...
The giant patriarch finally stepped in, calmly shoving his agitated son aside. Sherlock instinctively recoiled from the abominable man that had already raped him twice and probably would not hesitate to do so again. The giant was not nearly as impetuous as the skinny fiend, which also - unfortunately for Sherlock - meant it was more calculating.
“I’m going to see if I can spot anything else in these,” Mary said, indicating the computer screen.
The constricting sensation in his chest was starting to impede his ability to breathe. Sherlock knew what was happening from a purely clinical viewpoint: he was close to having an anxiety attack. His earlier episode with John confronting him about the pills had already been a powerful trigger. One could only hold back the most basic emotional responses for a limited time, and Sherlock, who did not bend, tended to break when the pressure accumulated and finally overcame his ability to cope.
"Do you remember our little chat back at home about this part of the country?"
Mary's anger grew as she considered the possibility. Was this the 'southern hospitality' - or considerable lack of it - these areas were famous for?
He understood the hint, of course; he was not that dense. Despite having dated for the past two months, John had not yet taken his relationship with Mary to the next phase, even though he'd had plenty of opportunities to do so. Something just made him hesitate. Would Mary find him lacking or inadequate in the size-department? Would she find the expanse of his waistline a turn-off? Would he be able to please her? Would he even be able to... perform?
Plywood could give easily. His grip on the gauge tightened.
Thankfully, a distraction arose. Turning their heads at the sound of laughter, the pair saw the two men exiting the sauna. Mary grinned and swam back to the pool steps.
"That's hardly conclusive, Sherlock," the doctor objected. "In fact, it's a ridiculous theory, and unworthy of you. Just because someone appears to be taller than average and has a limp doesn't mean they belong to a family of inbred killer rednecks. Come on, this isn't 'Deliverance'!"
“We’re nearly there,” John muttered, trying to turn his attention back on the destination.
"Sherlock and I have to talk," the doctor stated, and suddenly the pill in his robe pocket felt as though it physically burned his skin through the fabric. "It's... personal. We need a moment. Please, Mary."
"The... facilities are well-maintained," John offered in a feeble attempt to add to the cheerful atmosphere. He could sadly not say that he was very comfortable being seen without clothes. It would have been a blatant lie. The only aspect of coming here that pleased him was the fact that the bill was going to Sherlock.
He was unable to deduce further, however, because the hand which pulled away from his teeth formed into a fist and slammed down on his head, sending him into oblivion.
TBC...
"Do you remember what happened to you?"
Mycroft slept until morning, though whether or not he rested was another matter entirely.
"Then why go on holiday to an area that's prominently forest?" Sherlock asked, noting some peculiarly placed undergrowth.
Sherlock had been found, and he was alive, but that was the extent of the information Mycroft was willing to share. Did Mycroft blame John for what had happened? Was he justified in doing so? The questions were plentiful, and it seemed the elder Holmes was not willing to provide any answers. It meant John had to take matters into his own hands. He would start by asking for a list of hospitals within a hundred mile radius and then call up every single one of them and ask questions until he was given something - anything - to work with. He would get to it as soon as he'd regained enough energy to devote his full attention to the very daunting task.
His whiskey gone, Mycroft shut his computer with a small "click". It was past midnight, and he needed to get some sleep. First thing tomorrow morning, he would arrange for someone to call the nudist colony - Avalon, was it? - and have them ask question regarding their British guests.
"Mary, we're back!" John hollered jovially as he entered and then quickly removed his hiking boots, which had gotten pretty muddy during their little excursion. Sherlock followed his example, too low on energy and frankly too hungry to take the argument which was sure to follow if he made a mess of the cabin.
More than forty-eight hours had passed since Sherlock and he were abducted, and roughly thirty-six since he managed to escape. Alone. John quenched a sob threatening to break out, partly because he feared how crying would affect his respiration, but also because he did not want to cry in front of the Ice-man.
Let me starve, he thought resolutely. Let me wither into skin and bones. I will not eat this.
"All things considered, the operation went very well. The estimated blood loss was not as great as anticipated. His recovery from here on depends on many different factors. We could be facing postoperative complications of varying severity, but it's too early to tell at this point."
Back on Baker Street, Mrs. Hudson could be counted on to keep a clean house, equipped with the patience of a saint and used to the bohemian ways of her young detective tenant, despite continuous claims that she was not his housekeeper.
Sighing, Mycroft lifted a hand, a clear gesture that he be handed the phone. Anthea complied and he listened over the past few messages. The earlier voicemail entries were the usual demands to know what was going on, the whereabouts and condition of Sherlock, and so on, but the most recent was not only the longest but most specific.
"Why not? I can promise you that the facilities are much more modern and better maintained than your choice for a resort. Seriously, John; 'Slumberland Motel'? If you were trying to impress your lady friend, you would have failed miserably. Did you really believe that Mary would fancy the sound of cockroaches scurrying about in the dark when she tries to sleep?"
“Mary, wait!” John followed her, but she hurried into their bedroom. As John entered, he saw that she was hurrying to get dressed.
"Oh look! I won against Charlotte!" Mary proudly presented her screen to him, so that he could see that she indeed won the round against her adversary. He had no idea who Charlotte was, but then again, he did not know much about Mary's social life.
The frantic screaming began and quickly increased in magnitude before Sawtooth had reached his target, and when Three-finger's excited cry of triumph followed, the clan leader realized that his eldest son had already reached their fallen prey. The notion angered him for some strange, primitive reason. He had not given his son permission to play with the scrawny whore, and Three-finger had been taking far too many liberties lately. Perhaps it was time for Sawtooth to assert his dominance, lest the insolent pup forget who was making the decisions.
"If you'd like to talk someplace more private...?" the physician began, glancing toward Anthea seated two chairs away from the civil servant, but Mycroft silenced him with a raised hand.
“Not when it’s a fact,” Sherlock replied.
She tried to remember the turns she had taken and felt her frustration increase when realizing that she couldn't. Left, right, right again, left... It was practically hopeless. She did not have Sherlock Holmes' photographic - no, eidetic - memory to help her along.
“Oh, poor thing,” she gave him a peck on the nose for his less than stellar score. “Looks like ‘Shocker Ellshom’ is giving you quite a fight.”
“We’re good for each other as partners,” John said. “And friends. But that’s all.”
"Do we have a map?" Mary asked hesitantly. "What if we get lost trying to find our way? I hear that area can be difficult to navigate."
"You're still a girl," John said with a cheeky grin.
"At least you were alive to complain about it," John tried, but it was a lame attempt at combining comfort and humor.
The clues were clear that Mary had lost her way when trying to find the main road leading to the dollar store. In some paths of the road, she had doubled back and driven through multiple times, suggesting she had not noticed in some moment of lost nerve. John looked around at the trees, noting they all started looking the same after a while. Someone would have to pay very close attention to details to keep track of where they were.
Thankfully the lumbering young brute only sniffed at him for a moment and went away again. For much of the time that the dismantling of the dead meat took place, Sherlock was ignored. This suited him just fine, but suspicion lingered as to why. Had the family planned something for him? A mental image formed of them stuffing him inside an animal carcass like some hellish version of a Mongolian nomad's dinner.
There were many "what ifs" and John suspected that if he stayed around to analyse them all, his chances of getting out of these woods alive decreased by each second. After all, he was not…
The slightly sarcastic delivery of the line suggested that Sherlock was, despite everything, still his old self. Only the slight tremor in his voice revealed that something was amiss in the first place.
"Of course I will."
They both looked in the direction of Sherlock's finger, but not even the slightest trail of smoke could be seen. The angle was right, and even John had to admit he recognized the environment from the photograph; it all matched up. Only the smoke was absent.
One of the men lingering around him gave a disproving grunt. A slender hand grabbed him by the jaw and jerked his head forward again, toward the horrible sight.
"I will be investigating the cabin," he said. "Stay safe, alright?"
The man was tall but by no means a giant; perhaps six-four with a large build, although he also seemed to be lugging around on a few excess pounds. He wore a checkered shirt, which had probably once been red but was now more a ruddy brown, but at least it made him stand out amongst the many shades of forest green. The man's skull was lumpy and his face misaligned with a notable scar running across his left eye.
Mary raised her eyebrows for a moment, but went back to unpacking and putting away clothes in the bedroom, secretly wondering if she and John should hide their own towels. John simply looked up at Sherlock, stealing a glance downwards for a split second. Sherlock of course noticed the look and rested his hands on his hips. Whatever the opinion of his personality, his body indeed was an object of attraction for John in the past. The detective had picked up various bad habits throughout his life, but his flatmate had to admit, at least he had held onto an alright figure for this long.
Locating a suitable spot to land turned out to be rather easy, but Mycroft had another concern: the sounds generated by the helicopter might alert the twisted group of locals to their arrival. The same group that presumably held Sherlock captive. The same group that could barely even be considered human, if John Watson's statement was true. Doctor Watson was delirious and had suffered extensive head trauma, which made him a less than reliable witness, but he had definitely not been lying. Ninety-nine times out of a hundred, Mycroft could tell when someone was lying, and this was not one of those times. John had believed every word he said… well, wrote, given that the ventilator didn't allow him to make any sounds other than wheezing.
Part of him wanted to stuff the pills back into the bottle and replace it without further thought, but the more he thought about it, the less likely, he realized, it seemed that he would simply be able to forget. He trusted Sherlock with his life; could he really do that if he didn't know what his partner was on? Was there even a chance Sherlock had gone back to drugs? Did he keep illegal substances in an Aspirin bottle to avoid detection?
Two shadows, one large and one small, wordlessly watched from behind a grove of trees. Both were desperate to move or make a sound, but they had to be patient. Otherwise, their prey would be spooked and the hunt might end badly. The smaller figure was already salivating at the thought of sinking its teeth into the woman’s quivering flesh.
Indeed a ventilator was now breathing for Sherlock, and a memory of his brother's previous time  hooked to one of those machines flitted through Mycroft's memory. The staff had not kept a close enough eye on Sherlock, and it ended with the younger Holmes removing his endotracheal tube without the hospital staff present, or even knowing their patient had literally taken things into his own hands before the deed was already done. Sherlock was prone to making drama happen and also detested waiting.
"I gave you very precise instructions, Dr. Nasim, and you failed to follow them," Mycroft told the attending surgeon in no uncertain terms. He'd spent a considerable amount of time bandying words with medical staff over the years, practically always regarding Sherlock's care, and doling out reprimands came almost as naturally to him as breathing. There was one vital difference, however. This was America, not Great Britain. His authority did not extend nearly as far on American soil and if he attempted to call in favours just to spite certain people, it might put a crick in international relations.
Until he starved to death.
Pushing back the blanket which covered him (blanket? he could not remember there being a blanket when he lay down to rest) he swung his legs over the edge of the bed and promptly realized that whomever had tucked him in with a blanket had also removed his shoes. And not only that, but the (presumably) same individual had laid out a new clean set of clothing for him (nothing fancy or tailor-made, but nonetheless something that looked like it would fit him) as well as a bag of toiletries which would help him make himself somewhat presentable when it was time to rejoin the world. On top of it all, they had left a tray of bread and cold cuts (again, nothing fancy, but certainly not the stuff hospitals served to patients) along with a small plastic cup containing two water-soluble Aspirin tablets.
John stretched out on the sofa, being for once thankful for his short stature, as it allowed him to sleep without having to keep his legs perpetually bent, or his feet hanging off the end. He'd had breakfast: milk and cereal, and two cups of coffee to kickstart the day. Yet there was absolutely nothing to do, and John felt he might as well fall asleep again out of boredom. Was this how Sherlock felt most of the time?
"It's superficial," the elder Holmes ground out, body taut in his attempts to bodily restrain his brother and prevent further damage to the other's already badly mauled body. Now hyperventilating, Sherlock wrapped the long digits of his uninjured left hand around Mycroft's wrist and squeezed to the point of pain; whether it was a desperate attempt to break free or a silent plea for comfort was impossible to tell.
"Sherlock..." John said and gave the man above him a slight shove to get his attention.
John pursed his lips. “Touché.”
A tear escaped the doctor's eye, and he lifted his gaze for just a second, perhaps to make sure his friend was still among the living. Sherlock had given up his struggles and lay more or less limp under his rapist, and his defiant screams had been reduced into a pitiful, constant whimpering.
"I take it he'll always be there. And you clearly still have feelings for him. Where does that put us?"
Giving William an outright bath at this time of night may cause a little too much noise, Mycroft reasoned. Flannels and a sink would have to do for now; the bath itself would have to wait until morning.
John's throat was getting uncomfortably dry, and he suspected that the heat of the sauna was not the only reason. Though he knew it was silly, he couldn't help but believe that Mary found his physique lacking in many respects. At 5'6'' with a compact build, John had never been what most people considered classically handsome, but during his army days, he had prided himself on being naturally muscular and deceptively strong for his size. Now a layer of fat covered his previously well-defined body. Sherlock never missed an opportunity to poke fun at him for his expanding waistline, the verbal jabs sometimes accompanied by physical ones. To the detective, picking at other people was just as natural as it was for normal people to pick their teeth.
"As you saw with the body, it's blatantly clear these criminals are not above torturing their victims. They've buried something here and settled the dirt around a tube." Mycroft's jaw clenched as he stretched out his last little iota of patience. "Put the pieces together, if you would be so kind."
"The police say she left voluntarily," Bobbi said, slightly stunned by Sherlock's brusque approach. "But I don't believe that. Rich - that's Sarah's husband - is kind of a dick. He's cheated on her in the past, he drinks, and he has a temper. I don't believe he's ever hit her, but once she told me he pushed her to the floor..." Bobbi caught herself rambling again and cleared her throat.
A moment of silence followed. John wondered if he had successfully managed to convey his message to the simple but seemingly kind-hearted local, until the man spoke again.
"You'll have to get dressed again," he said.
“The agreement,” Sherlock corrected him, looking quite cross as he advanced, “was that you help me today on investigation.”
Why had she agreed to make this stupid trip to the dollar store in the first place? Because Sherlock Holmes was too high and mighty to get his own groceries? And because John Watson - who was supposed to be her
TBC...
“Our next stop is her lodging,” Sherlock concluded. “Another trailer like yours?”
"My assistant can take care of that," he interjected, never keeping Sherlock out of his sight just a few feet down the hallway.
The older of the two nurses suspiciously glanced at the blood-stained sheets and then proceeded to view the spray of blood on Mycroft's shirt.
This time John did not argue. Every penny he could save up would be welcome.
This mountain man was, John realized, most likely retarded.
"I am not hungry for food," Sherlock cut in, emphasizing his statement with another kick to the long-suffering wall.
Following a horrible violation, Sherlock and John are left to organize a plan of escape.
In pausing to ascertain the state of his friend, John thought he might have heard the rumbling of an empty stomach. As though in agreement, his own stomach gurgled as well. He was a little surprised they had not felt the sensation sooner. As far as he could recall, neither he nor Sherlock had eaten since the previous morning, hours before they had decided to search for clues. And Mary.
His expectations were exceeded when he received a text not ten minutes later from Anthea, reporting the taxi's arrival. Sighing, he checked himself in the mirror - grimacing - one more time before leaving his room, joining with his assistant, and exiting the Hampton Inn. He noted a wrinkle of Anthea's nose and knew that at least he was not the only one perturbed by the river.
Mycroft looked past John pointedly, clearly seeing something beyond the doctor's shoulder.
More soft tapping of Anthea's fingernails against the surface of the tablet. "What about Doctor Watson?" she asked then.
"Can you hear me, sir?"
After a few tries, the skinny hunter's playfulness turned into aggravation, and in its frustration at Sherlock's unwillingness to cooperate, it poked the detective's lip hard enough to puncture the skin and draw blood. And yet Sherlock would not open his mouth.
Opening his eyes, he realized the reason behind the surreal pain and numbness of his limb. In his daze he thought his leg was all but dead from the knee down. No, this was much worse.
The very sound caused Sherlock to wince, and in an instant his mind once again plunged into the icy abyss of his memories. He was no longer handcuffed to a filthy floor but held in the tight grip of his brother; white, freckled arms wrapped around him in the dark confines of a closet. Something made of glass had hit the hardwood floor outside - not a vase, Sherlock deduced, but something smaller, perhaps a tumbler. A voice filled with rage and slurred by drink demanded both boys show themselves, venomously spitting out hurtful words.
Three-finger thought about the two Outsiders they currently held captive. The plump one wasn't anything to worry about, but Three-finger had an uneasy feeling about the scrawny one. Why had Father insisted on keeping him alive? They rarely came across such willful and unruly prey. The wiry hunter could smell trouble a mile away, and his instincts had so far played a large part in the family's continued survival. Letting one's guard down was a fatal mistake which could cost the clan their home, or in worst case scenario, their lives, or at least their way of life.
“I don’t think she has any role in Ms. Cavanaugh’s disappearance. There’s nothing to allude to that just yet, anyway…”
The doctor felt like slapping himself for having such thoughts. Really; a clan of cannibalistic mountain men living off of unsuspecting townsfolk and tourists? The rational part of his brain refused to acknowledge that such a notion could even be possible in a civilized country in the 21st century. Although, he then thought, anything resembling 'civilization' seemed even more remote in these parts than the idea of murderous hillbillies.
Curling up back into his original position, he tried to retreat into his little mind palace within, but he found it difficult. Instead he listened for the sounds of crickets outside. In the distant trees he thought he could also hear an owl.
Relief was the first emotion to flood Sherlock's open and very aware eyes when the door was opened and revealed John. Immediately he sputtered muffled words into his gag, and his long, thin body renewed its struggles against the bonds. John hurried to kneel by his friend's side, setting the axe down beside him as he pulled away the piece of duct tape covering the detective's mouth. Sherlock winced from the obvious pain it caused, but at least he had the sense not to berate his assistant. John could not wait to free him, but he would need something sharp to cut through the many layers of duct tape.
The yard was littered with junk the clan members had likely gathered from multiple victims over the years, as well as skeletons of various cars, rusty and faded.
Mary gave a small smile and shrugged. “Not your fault.”
The giant alpha soon bellowed the idiot back, obviously displeased with the younger one for shirking his chores. Cowed, the one-eyed man-child went back to stirring the pot roast simmering on the stove in an ancient copper casserole.
William truly detested wearing the diaper, but he also cherished the times when he was allowed to sleep with his big brother. It had gone from being a frequent occurrence to an increasingly rare one, because their parents - particularly Father - did not agree with it. Father would say allowing such behaviour was infantilizing William and was totally inappropriate for a four-year-old. Mycroft would agree on principle, but he would have liked to point out that Father never had had to deal with the consequences of his decision, as William never went to him for comfort. He never even noticed William except when the boy did something to displease him, and was for all intents and purposes not much of a father at all.
Sherlock shook his head. "No..." he whispered. "Only Mycroft. Why do you think he's got me under surveillance?"
“But to America?” Sherlock asked, incredulous. “What could possibly possess you to spend your vacation there?”
His heart took a tiny leap when his ears suddenly picked up the very distinct sound of creaking hinges. The front door opened, and a man stepped out onto the primitive porch. Not the axe-wielding mentally deficient lunatic John had encountered, but a man even bigger and, John quickly realized, also uglier. Standing at least 7 foot tall, the giant sported a cleft palate and upper lip offering John a good view of the sharp, pointy teeth not concealed by anything. Like his close relative, this mountain man had only patches of hair scattered across his skull, but unlike the axe-wielder, he wore a long, matted beard, which somehow made his grossly deformed features look even more inhuman.
Sherlock gestured at John to be quiet and follow him, and together they hurried along the edges of the field, the detective clearly intent on showing something to his partner. Though Sherlock's stony mask of a face did not reveal anything, his near-spasmodic grip on John's wrist suggested he had made an unpleasant discovery.
Sherlock inhaled sharply, and immediately John withdrew his hands, afraid to have hurt the other. "I'm sorry, Sherlock."
Wondering briefly if Mycroft's Skype account had been created exclusively for Sherlock, John selected the contact and skimmed through the previous conversation, although it involved little else but infrequent small talk, perhaps the occasional question of what Sherlock's daily schedule was like. John couldn't help but wonder if the words were codes for something else.
When they finally reached the resort, they parked first at the reception office. As they got out of the rental car, two middle-aged men strolled by, completely naked, and waved at them, smiling. Mary tried to be polite and waved back, but Sherlock ignored them, heading inside. John, feeling vaguely uncomfortable, followed suit.
The house was dark, silent and still when two shapes, one large and one small, holding hands, emerged in the dimly lit doorway and began to make their way toward the bathroom. William's keen eyes nervously darted around their darkened surroundings, searching for signs of their father's presence.
"Fancy a shag, John?" Sherlock asked, and his hold on John's penis tightened further, thumb rubbing over the tip.
John had stopped counting the minutes long before the abominable man - after what seemed like an eternity - released himself into his victim. Vision hazy from the harsh treatment of his eyes and the near-unbearable emotional stress he was experiencing, the doctor was still able to witness the mountain man pulling out of Sherlock, his vile member covered in specks of blood. Sherlock's blood.
"Are y'alright?" the man next to him asked, likely out of instinct. John had a feeling he did not look 'alright' at all. In fact he felt like he should rightly be dead.
While navigating the mud, Mary tried to keep an eye out for the sign. And by the time she realized what the car was approaching, the tires were sinking. She felt the downward lurch and though a crash did not follow, the vehicle still came to a full stop.
Sherlock shook his head, angry. Their bond had been strained in the past few days, but would the events of the week have been enough to allow John to escape with no further thoughts of his once partner, friend, and lover? No, not possible. Sherlock knew John much better than that. John was a soldier, loyal to the end.
The whore screamed. The tooth seemed to be a healthy one. It thus proved stubborn to remove, but Sawtooth twisted the pliers, not bothering with any amount of gentility. The body beneath him was hard as iron, rigid in agony. Finally the tooth came loose, and blood sprayed in a red mist from the Outsider's mouth as he continued to scream.
What would it be now, he silently asked. Would he be eaten like the others? It hardly made sense, as the group already had plenty of meat on hand, but then again, no one said that these brutes were capable of rational thinking. He considered possibility that they might keep him as a slave of sorts, for their own perverse indulgences, and though he hoped not, he could not deny the very real possibility of it. If not, he seriously doubted the chances of being held for ransom. Obviously these men (did they even qualify as men?) had no use for money, and even if they might, they likely would not understand the concept of ransom.
John tried to search the other man's face for clues to this sudden aversion toward him, but as always, Sherlock guarded his emotions well. What reason did
The exchange which followed between father and son was brief yet to the point. Sawtooth and Three-finger often disagreed on things, but they were on the same page concerning the safety of the clan, which always had to remain their number one priority.
Mycroft rubbed his forehead, wishing he could stop his brain from wanting to structure, organize, improve, strategize... every second of the day. He followed Anthea out to the hospital parking lot, where his taxi was waiting, trying not to visualize the multitude  of unsavory characters that had sat in the seats before him. He gripped his scented handkerchief, just in case the stench inside the vehicle was overwhelming.
