“Oh, yeah,” Dean says. “He’s at work right now, but--” he checks the time on his phone-- “he’ll be home in an hour or so. Speaking of which, I should probably give him a heads up. You mind?”
He comes across a potential case a couple hours later, what looks like a werewolf snacking on people’s organs a little north of LA. When Dean pitches it to Sam, though, he gets a frown in response.
“Yeah, you gotta be careful with that,” Dean says. “Spend too much time watching that shit and you’ll start wondering if maybe we’re living in the darkest timeline.”
They make idle conversation throughout most of their meal, Dean wolfing down his meatloaf and mashed potatoes, watching as Cas eats his chicken fried steak, pokes at his green beans. As they’re finishing the last of their food, Dean asks, “Hey man, you okay?”
“Unfortunately,” Dean says. “Chuck wrote these things that were supposed to be the Winchester Gospels or whatever, but really, they just read like crap because, get this, it turns out God was kind of a crap writer.”
Sam has been pooling their knowledge, connecting up with other hunters, putting them into the program. He’s been making phone calls and typing nonstop into his phone, only taking breaks to eat when Dean sets food in front of him and sleep when Eileen forces him to go to bed.
when he pauses to ask Cas how his book is going. When Cas doesn’t respond, he looks over to find that he’s fallen asleep, book lying open on his chest, gently rising and falling as he breathes.
He doesn’t wait for a response. Instead, he puts his phone back in his pocket, takes a deep breath, then shifts into drive and heads out onto the road.
Dean is surprised to wake and find Cas already gone, up early for what surely must be the first time in his life. He throws on some clothes and goes immediately to the roof, and sure enough, there Cas is, tending his plants. Dean shivers a little in the morning air, shocked not so much at the cold but by the fact that summer has shifted into fall without him noticing.
By the time Dean and Sam are starting their game of rock paper scissors to see who has to take the couch, he’s drifting.
“Hey, sit up,” Dean says. Cas grumbles something incoherent in response, so Dean adds, “C’mon, eating’ll make you feel better. I promise.”
“So are you saying you won’t do it?” For a moment, Dean feels that old familiar fear before he remembers: this is new, this is different, Jack is different. He can feel good, now. He can feel hope. He can trust in those things.
Dean sighs, breath tickling the hairs at the back of Cas’ neck. “Yeah, yeah,” he says, pressing one last kiss to Cas’ jaw as he pulls away. “C’mon, I’ll make us breakfast.”
“Uh,” Dean says. “Okay.” He takes another sip of his coffee, considering Cas’ form where he’s curled up on the couch. After another moment, he gets up and heads back into the kitchen.
Krissy shrugs. “Trying to find human connection when technology is destroying the world and making us all stupid, I guess? Seems popular with the ‘boo hiss technology’ crowd.”
Dean is about to ask Cas what he means when he realizes what’s happening. He has his hands clenched around Cas’ biceps, fingers digging into Cas’ skin hard enough that it’d bruise if he were anyone else. He loosens his grip, mumbling an apology.
“What?” Dean asks, his own smile finally fading, too. He shakes his head, brow furrowed. “No. There’s no case, I just told you--”
Cas leans back down, presses kisses along Dean’s jaw as Dean pushes up against him. After a minute, Cas says, breathlessly, “Do you know what I’m feeling?”
Cas rolls his eyes, but he’s smiling, which takes some of the edge off it. “It’s nice to be outside,” he says. “While I have the chance. I imagine being up there will be a lot less pleasant as quarantine drags on.”
The thing is, the free will? It’s the real deal. You can’t conjure someone into existence just by wishing for it. If you want them there with you, you have to ask.
Dean took him back to his pay-by-the-hour motel room. They undressed one another in the space between the door and the bed, so fast it felt like magic. Dean spread the angel out on his bed, pressed against him and into him. He squinted in the lamplight, reached out tentatively to run his hand through the space where the angel’s wings sparked in the air, gasping in surprise as static electricity tingled against his palm.
Cas reaches up, wedges his arms between them and takes Dean’s face in his hands, looks from one of his eyes to the other, frowning. “Because I wanted to see what you did. You could have done nothing, and you would have suffocated in minutes. You would have been right back where you fought so hard to stay. I wanted to see if you would fight for something different.”
“Drive back, then dinner?” Dean says. “I’ll make you something better than anything you can find on Yelp, and then we can crash.” He drums his fingers on the steering wheel. “Your room’s still set up for you, y’know.”
Cas finishes his breakfast and showers at Dean’s insistence. It’s only after he’s cleaned and they’re sitting on the couch, Cas leaning with his head on Dean’s shoulder, something on for background noise, that Dean says, “You wanna talk about whatever’s going on?”
“Yeah, no problem,” he says, scratching a hand along the back of his neck, turning to return to the eggs.
“Nah, there’s nothing wrong with that,” Dean says, grinning. “Just means you’re gonna be even better at D&D than I am.”
Something in Dean’s stomach twists, but he keeps a smile plastered on his face as he says, “Well, we just saw a movie, and now we’re having drinks.”
Cas squeezes Dean’s hand before letting go and moving to take his usual seat at the table. “I believe we just hit level five,” he says, “and Celeste has just made a deal with the Wizard of Oz to split herself in two--”
He waits until they get through dinner, until Sam and Jack have cleared their plates and wandered off to turn in for the night. He moves to stand and Cas starts to open his mouth, probably to say something about how he’ll let Dean go, he must be tired.
They make it all the way through stripping down to their boxers, getting ready for bed, crawling under the covers, before Cas remembers he’s dreaming.
He’s so caught up in his planning that he doesn’t even realize what’s happened until he sees the blood pooling on the cutting board.
“You’re being dramatic,” Dean says, making his way to his cubicle. “You know me, I wouldn’t pass up the opportunity to be yelled at for eight hours a day.”
Dean scrolls Yelp as the credits roll, grimacing when he sees that none of the bars in town manage to break four stars. Still, he turns to Cas and says, “You up for some dinner? This place is decently rated and the burgers look pretty good. It’s not even five minutes from here.”
Dean opens his eyes to find Cas looking at him, brow furrowed in thought even as he continues to jerk Dean off. Eventually, he says, “We saved the world. More than once.”
“Okay, okay, enough,” Dean says, rolling his eyes as he walks into the room. “First of all, I’m glad to see you’ve recovered so quickly from your brush with death. And second, Cas isn’t here to perform morbid parlor tricks for you.”
Castiel nods, satisfied, and pulls his hand away as he moves to get into the passenger seat. Dean settles behind the wheel, turning on the car and cranking the A/C.
He holds Cas close later that night, presses up against his back with his arm draped across his waist, fingers held carefully away from old wounds.
“Why would it be awkward?” Dean asks. He sounds casual enough, but when Cas looks up, there’s a flush spreading across his cheeks.
He sets his laptop down in front of Sam, pointing at the screen. “Got a case,” he says. “And I didn’t even need a fancy program to find it.”
“I mean, nothing extravagant,” Charlie says. “But if you wanna argue for stuff a college kid would reasonably have, go for it.”
Something tugs at Dean’s chest. “Uh. Yeah,” Dean says, letting go of Cas’ hand. “G’night, Cas.” He turns to go into his room.
There’s something dragging gently along his arm, almost ticklish. Dean twitches in response, still in the space between waking and sleeping.
Sam nods and dutifully returns to the couch, continuing his conversation with Cas until Dean announces he’s just about done cooking. Sam returns to sits at the table while Cas excuses himself to get washed up, and as Dean cuts the quesadillas into manageable slices, Sam asks, casually, “So, how long have you and Cas been together?”
“Afraid I can’t do that,” Asmodeus says. He tightens his hand into a fist, and as he does so, Dean feels his throat close off. “You see,” he says, grinning as he steps closer, “this was the whole point of keeping you here. Worked like a charm.”
An invisible force knocks them off their feet and pulls them through the door, which slams shut behind them with an ominous clang.
By the time they’re on their second episode, Cas has started periodically leaning over into Dean’s space to press kisses against his cheek, his jaw, behind his ear. Dean responds in kind until finally Cas tugs Dean towards him, wrapping his arms around Dean’s back, holding him close as he kisses him.
“I was lying before,” Cas says, taking another bite of his food. “I actually do want a vacation. And I’ve saved enough for us to take a short one.”
Cas leans over, frowning at first until he gets a glimpse of the screen. He stifles a laugh as he looks at the picture of Oliver -- Sam and Jessica’s pit bull. “He’s very handsome,” Cas says seriously.
Fifteen minutes later, they’re sitting at a corner table with drinks in hand, both of them passing on dinner and blaming the popcorn.
“You changed me, too,” Dean says. “You know that, right? What you did, everything you said—not just at the eleventh hour, but ever since I first knew you—it changed me. You know, at the end, I told Sam I loved him for the first time in...Christ, I don’t even know how long. I got to tell Chuck that I wasn’t just the ultimate killer he wrote me to be. For the first time in my life, I really believed that. You gave me that.”
Cas had texted him when he arrived, just like he promised, and has been texting him every now and then to let Dean know he’s okay. Finally, Dean’s phone rings.
“That’s awesome,” Sam says, grinning. “A couple of friends of mine tried to get a campaign up and running in college, but it never quite got off the ground.”
Cas is lying on the couch in his pajamas reading a book. He barely even looks up to greet him as he asks, “What’s the plan for dinner?”
“I understand,” Castiel interrupts, and when Dean looks up, Castiel is staring down at his bowl, setting it carefully on the coffee table. He takes a deep breath, starting to stand, and says, “I didn’t mean to overstay my welcome. I’ll--”
Unfortunately, when the actual day rolls around, he gets home from work to find a wrapped present sitting on the coffee table in front of Cas.
“That’s great and all, but I, uh,” Dean says. He pushes his food around with his fork. “I haven’t been saving. I don’t-- I don’t have anything to spare.”
“Hey,” he says, softly. “Cas, hey.” He reaches up and pulls gently at Cas’ wrists, feels his pulse beating wildly beneath his fingertips. Cas lets him move his arms away from his head, but he keeps his face turned away, won’t meet his eyes. Dean steps closer to him anyway, wraps him up in a hug that he doesn’t return.
He can see Cas frowning out of the corner of his eye, but his voice is gentle as he asks, “Dean, what has all this been about?”
Dean lets Cas sleep while he makes him breakfast -- eggs and sausage, toast and hashbrowns. Once he’s done, he piles everything onto a tray and carries it into the bedroom.
Dean wakes with something weighing him down, a heaviness that can’t be explained solely by Cas’ arm slung across his chest.
Cas continues staring at him, the silence stretching out long enough that finally Dean says, “Listen, I’m not a mindreader, so. What’re you thinking.”
Dean nods. He sits down at the table, silently running his fingers across the wood grain as Cas gets up to make him breakfast.
“So,” Sam says, hands steady on the wheel as they make their way back to the bunker in the dark. He isn’t even mad about playing chauffeur just this once, given the freshness of this latest miracle. “Jack brought you back all the way powered up? Couldn’t you just poof out of here instead?”
Cas offered to drive and said, when Dean protested, “It’s all right. My grace is keeping me up today, anyway.”
“It was just spicy enough that I got a few blissful minutes of being able to breathe through my nose,” Cas says.
. They find a spot nearby instead, sitting in the shade with their backs against the tree as they look around. There are patches of wildflowers blooming all across the park, and nearby, a toddler lies in the middle of a swathe of purple, giggling up at her mother. In the distance, a group of college-age kids is engaged in a match of ultimate frisbee.
“You don’t remember, do you?” Cas asks, and he looks so fucking sad, so disappointed, that it makes Dean nervous, makes his heart beat faster, his palms sweat. “Last night. I asked you what this is.” He gestures between them. “Do you know what you said?”
They both manage to coordinate a few days off, and a couple weeks later, they pack up their bags and hop in the car.
A lot of things in his life have been manufactured by an asshole God, current apocalypse included, and now he’s gonna manufacture a little scenario of his own.
“I suppose we don’t have to rest, here, if we don’t want to,” Dean says, running his fingers idly along Cas’ shoulder, down the curve of his bicep.
For a second Dean just stands there, frozen. A hysterical laugh bubbles up out of him. “Holy shit,” he breathes, finally hugging Sam back.
Sam stops mid-chew to give them a quizzical look. “No,” he says, “it’s set up in the bunker. I thought I explained…?”
Castiel stares after Dean pulls the cover off the Impala. Dean smiles to himself, warmth spreading through his chest.
But before you become a hunter, when you’re just a hunter’s kid, you’re acutely, painfully aware of the days that are different, of each and every holiday and birthday and anniversary you aren’t celebrating.
Cas readjusts as he squeezes some lube into his hand, settles between Dean’s legs and works one finger into him after another, curling and stroking them in a way that leaves Dean gasping, knowing Dean will want the preparation but rushing through it as quickly as he can get away with.
“Are you…” Cas starts. He stops, closes his eyes, runs a hand down over his face before settling it back on his lap. He opens his eyes again, but he doesn’t look at Dean as he asks, “Are you angry with me?”
“Oh?” Cas says, as though only politely interested, as though the quiet, intent way he looks at Dean hasn’t always given him away.
Victor leans back in his chair and groans. He rubs his hands over his face before leaning forward again. “Okay, fine,” he says. “I’m going. But only so these idiots--” he points a stern finger around the table-- “don’t get themselves killed.”
Dean shifts in his seat, taps his fingers on the armrests as he steels himself. Nodding once to himself, he grabs his chair, stands halfway so he can scoot closer to Cas. His chair makes a horrible grinding sound as he drags it across the floor.
Dean freezes. “You know,” he says, “if you’re too busy--” he stands up-- “if you’ve got somewhere better to be-- just go, don’t hang around for my sake.” Cas is already saying his name in that placating way he has, but Dean ignores it. He strides down the hallway and into his room, closing and locking the door behind him. He puts on his headphones and ignores the knocks he can hear even through his music.
“All those people, and we’ve just accepted it. It’s become normal. We’ve become so desensitized we don’t even think about it. That’s going to happen with COVID, too—hell, it’s already happening.” He bucks against Cas’ hand, digs his fingertips into his chest. “Deaths from monsters, against all that? The people we save on our usual hunts, they barely amount to anything. We’ve helped, what, hundreds of people? Maybe thousands, now that we’re pushing four decades?”
When he finally drags himself out of bed, he finds Castiel already up, sitting at the kitchen table and rubbing at his eyes as he eats his breakfast.
Dean worked up the courage to pick up an angel for the first time when he was twenty-two. He doesn’t even remember what state he was in, had spent so much time crisscrossing the country by that point that all the bars blurred together.
Dean stands with his mouth agape, shuts it with an audible click. “You know what,” he says, “fine. I give up. Excuse me for giving a shit, I’ll try to do better next time.”
Dean gets it, all of a sudden. Tries to replay the last few months, mind racing, retracing the lines with something bolder. Cas isn’t angry. He’s fucking heartbroken.
“Jesus, Castiel, you nearly gave me a heart attack,” Dean says. He turns towards him, meaning to say, “I can see that, thanks,” but instead he freezes with his mouth half open. Castiel is standing just outside the kitchen, towel held loosely around his waist, hair still damp from the shower.
i’m still in grad school hell but i’m gonna be done soon and i promise after that it won’t take me a million years to respond to emails!!!!!
Sam nods. “We’ll take what we can use and throw out the rest,” he says. “I mean, our system was never perfect, and this won’t be, either. With the size of the U.S. alone...I think we’re always going to have to do things like we have been.”
Dean shrugs. “Maybe when I was real little, but I don’t remember it. After mom died, we never really celebrated holidays, y’know? We moved around a lot and never really had, uh--” He stops, clears his throat. “I mean, it just wouldn’t have felt right, anyway, I guess.”
Instead, Cas grabs Dean’s left shoulder with one hand and uses the other to cup Dean’s neck, brushing his thumb against Dean’s hair. Dean ignores the way his face flushes and picks up his pace, and a few moments later, Cas comes, fingers tightening against Dean’s shoulder.
Castiel’s blanket is carefully folded where it sits on the coffee table, and his shoes have disappeared from their usual spot by the couch. The TV is off, his apartment eerily quiet without the background noise.
Cas has two days off in a row and spends them in the exact same spot on the couch and the exact same state of unwashed, unshaven, and un-changed-out-of-pajamas. He doesn’t get up when Dean says good morning, and, more surprisingly, he also doesn’t get up even when Dean announces the coffee is ready.
Sam and Cas may just be humoring him with the games, pretending to have fun as Cas eviscerates them at
“You make your way down the stairs, which open up into a larger room,” Charlie says. “It’s dark enough that it’s hard to make out much besides the vague shapes of a table and ancient-looking machinery. The only light is from Victor’s flashlight, and…”
Sam does laugh, this time. “Well, I’m glad and all, but also pretty damn glad Dean doesn’t get to see it just yet.”
Dean kicks at Cas’ foot. “Hey, it’s not that I’m not self aware, all right? It’s just that self awareness is freaking uncomfortable.”
For a moment, Dean freezes. He realizes, suddenly, how stupid he’s been. Of course it’s obvious -- here they are, living together in this one room apartment, and the way Cas had talked about him when Sam asked how they met--
“Nah, I’ve got it,” Dean says. “But if you wanna hang out here, I won’t complain.” He gestures to the island. “If you sit here, you can be my taste tester.”
“Yeah, okay, I guess you’ve got a point,” Dean says. “And to be fair, some people do think they’re real.”
Cas hesitates for only a moment before rolling onto his side and into Dean’s space. Dean reaches out and pulls Cas’ arm over his waist, tucks Cas’ head under his chin, tangles their legs together.
Dean looks Cas over, considers the side of his face. The circles under his eyes have faded, but he’s still frowning as he looks down at his hands. “Yeah?”
Gently, Dean reaches up to brush the backs of his fingers against the side of Cas’ cheek, watches as he goes completely still, focuses entirely on Dean, holding his breath.
“Oh, wow,” Sam says, a smile spreading across his face as he steps closer, touches his fingertips to her hood. “Cas wasn’t kidding. She’s immaculate.”
“That what?” Cas snaps. “I’d stop caring entirely? That once I started staying here, I’d never leave, even temporarily?”
anything, either. It still surprises him, sometimes, how expressive Cas has become. For the most part, it passes by unnoticed, just like so many changes that happen to people to spend so much time with—they occur little by little, day after day, so slowly that in the process you forget where things began. But Dean hasn’t forgotten how Cas used to be, will always remember the way it felt to be in a room with him, like he could see you—really
Dean pulls Cas’ pants back up for him afterwards, pressing kisses to the insides of Cas’ thighs through his pajamas as his breathing gradually slows. When Cas recovers, he tugs at Dean’s shoulder, urging him back up onto the couch.
Cas nods. He folds down the corner of his page, sets the book on the coffee table. “You asked me, before,” he says. “About heaven.”
“Dean,” Cas says, closing his eyes, leaning with his elbows on the table, his head in his hands. “Can we please just-- I know you’re upset, and it’s just making it harder to-- to--”
Dean doesn’t have to wait long for his answer. Behind him, the passenger door creaks open, and Cas steps out, looking more than a little bewildered.
Cas just shrugs, smiling, and points out the tiny trees growing in one corner. “Those will bear lemons and limes, eventually.”
as they stare him down from the doorway. The guess-which-holiday pop quiz catches him off guard, makes him feel like an embarrassed little kid again, leaves him stammering, not knowing how to respond.
“Relax. I’m kidding, man.” Dean pulls back to look him up and down, says, “Jesus, how the hell are you?”
In an instant, Dean’s expression shifts from confused to frustrated. “We’ve been over this, Cas, it doesn’t work like that, okay?” He drags his hand down over his face. “We’ve got bills to pay, we can’t just skip out whenever we feel like it.”
“You know you don’t just have to accept scraps from me, right?” he says, as Cas turns to face him. “You deserve better than that, man. You can ask me for things. Or tell me things, whatever. Just don’t tell me and then run off. Give me a chance. You gotta give me a little more credit than that. It might take me a minute to sort my shit out, but you’re not going to scare me off. You know that, right?”
He wakes up early, lying unmoving in his bed until he hears Cas get up, get ready for work, head out and close the door behind him. It’s only then that he gets up. He doesn’t bother showering, just throws on some jeans and a t-shirt and heads out the door.
Castiel shrugs. “I was a soldier,” he says. “A commander, for a time. A brilliant strategist, by some accounts. For millennia, I watched only from a distance. And then I left heaven for the first time, and it was...a bit of a shock.”
They part ways with Eileen after wrapping up the case, retreat to their separate motels. Dean wakes late the next morning to Sam prodding him impatiently, telling him to get ready, Eileen invited them to lunch.
Sam appears in the doorway at almost the exact instant they finish arranging the chairs on either side of the couch. “Hey,” he says, “a couple hunts popped up while you guys were gone. Max and Alicia are headed off to take care of one, you guys mind taking the other?”
To Dean’s surprise, Jessica laughs. “I won’t lie,” she says. “It can be. It can also be hugely rewarding, but some days are...Well, ‘hard’ would be an understatement.”
Cas hesitates, looks at the towel still pressed against Dean’s face and then back up. As he meets Dean’s gaze, he says, “I can show you?”
“I know that shirt,” Dean says, stepping towards Cas to take a closer look. “Hell, I wish I could forget that shirt.” At Cas’ smug look, Dean rolls his eyes. “When did you get that monstrosity?”
“Anyway, I figure we can have a belated celebration now,” Dean says. “Up for some popcorn and a movie?”
Cas stares down at his plate, eyes stinging, as Dean throws on his jacket,grabs his keys and wallet, and slams the door closed behind himself as he leaves.
Every room feels warm and lived in and like it’s all falling apart just a little, and Cas can’t help but think it’s as if the entire apartment is gritting its teeth and saying, “I’m fine.”
“All the more reason to just jump right in,” Charlie says. “So! I want you all to pretend you’re college kids.”
“Smoke, mostly. Swirling under their skin. Pretty trippy thing to catch out of the corner of your eye when you’re not expecting it.” He gestures to the top of his head. “And horns, sometimes.”
s in a way that sounds a lot like a disagreement. Dean holds him a little tighter. He says, quietly, “I mean it.”
Dean dreams of purgatory, gets it in bits and pieces -- waking up on the ground in the dark, eyes staring at him from the shadows. Walking through the woods alone, weapon in hand. Running and fighting and searching with Benny, heart racing, muscles straining, every inch of him hurting. Praying to Cas night after night after night until his ears ring with the words, and--
When Dean’s brain catches up, he realizes that last part was about the bread and almost laughs at the relief of it. He stops his peeling to take a closer look—it’s coming together, it’s just not quite there yet. He supposes if he was trying to convince someone he loved them, he might not be a hundred percent focused on kneading, either.
“Mornin’,” Dean says. He gestures to the table. “Go sit, I’ll get some coffee started and make us some breakfast.”
Dean showers first and cooks dinner while everyone else gets cleaned up, makes meatloaf and mashed potatoes and roasted brussels sprouts. He’s waiting for the loaf to finish in the oven, leaning against the counter fiddling with his phone, when he hears footsteps and looks up.
and a couple other of Vonnegut’s works next, then grabs a few comics from the sale shelf, Batman and Spiderman and Captain America.
“There we go!” Charlie says. “As you point your flashlight around, something on the ground glints in the light.”
He leans in to get a closer look, startling and backing away from the screen at the sound of approaching footsteps.
It isn’t too late to fix the damage he’s done, Dean tells himself. They finish working a case outside of Chicago and Dean picks up some last-minute tickets to
“Heard he did some shady shit,” Max says, and Alicia hisses his name, elbows him in the side. “What?” Max says. “You’ve heard the stories.”
“Whatever,” Cas says, rolling his eyes. “You see my point.” He shifts to sit with one of his legs folded up on the seat, faces Dean more fully. “Dean. I know you grew up in a world that devalued you and the things you love. I would undo that if I could, but I can’t. All I can hope to do is to somehow convince you that you have value. I know what the other options are, and I want you to know that I’m not settling on you. I’m choosing you intentionally.”
“Anyway,” Dean says loudly, ignoring the way Victor has started shaking as he tries not to laugh. “Where were we in the story again? It’s been forever.”
but Dean will take what he can get. He absorbs Sam and Cas’ compliments like it’s anything even close to enough human interaction, like it’s the same as someone thanking him for saving them from the clutches of a ghost or ghoul or vamp. They’re not saving any lives, but a few more hours are spoken for, which is something.
Dean immediately drops Cas’ hand and steps back, staring at the floor as he feels his face flush. He runs his hand through his hair, clears his throat. As he retreats towards his room, he mumbles, “Sorry, I should have-- I mean, I shouldn’t have assumed--”
Here’s the thing: When you have an eternity, it matters more than ever what you’re willing to spend your time on. What you’re still willing to put effort into.
“Well,” Dean says, picking at the label of his beer bottle, “a lot of people like to quote that one line about loving whoever is around to be loved, but even that always seemed pretty cynical to me. It’s still about the lack of free will, about just taking whatever life throws in your path and making the best of it. But I think that kind of misses the mark. And you know, it’s really frustrating, actually, because you’d think you could just search for it. You’d think you could Google ‘
He can’t help but follow that thought to its logical conclusion. He thinks of what it would be like, leaving Cas on his own. Pictures him in the mornings, circles under his eyes, hair a mess, fighting with the coffeemaker, never quite able to figure it out without Dean’s help.
“So, I’ve been thinking,” Dean says, setting up the folding chairs, settling the little cooler between them, “that it could be fun to start planning meals around whatever herbs and veggies you’ve got ready.”
Max finishes his food, sets his fork down with a flourish, and says, “Wow. We definitely made the right choice taking you up on that offer.”
Jack shrugs. “Most prayers are. But that’s not necessarily a bad thing. There’s nothing wrong with wanting things. Or with asking for them. And...I’ve heard there’s some value just in the saying.”
“You know he was wrong, right?” Dean says, looking up at Cas, meeting his eyes. “There’ll always be a place for you here.”
“Appreciated,” Cas says, grabbing his phone and wallet as he heads for the door. “Come on. We don’t want to be late.”
Cas shifts in his seat and turns on the radio with the volume low. He spends a few frustrating minutes fiddling with the dial, trying to find something that will come in clear. Finally, he just gives up and leaves it on static, snippets from different stations fading in and out as the car picks up the signals from out beyond the blackness -- rapid Spanish from one, fire and brimstone evangelism from another, some scattered notes from what he thinks might be “Over the Hills and Far Away.”
They find a coffee table on Craigslist, and a couple side tables, too, so everyone will have a place to put their drinks. They have to drive a few hours for it, but they even manage to get a decent TV. They pile everything into Cas’ truck and haul it back to the bunker.
It feels like an impossible choice, even with an eternity of possibility ahead of them, but eventually, Dean chews at his lip and says, “Can I try?”
He greets the receptionist cheerfully but gets barely a glance in response. “Oh,” she says, “your partner is already back there. Head on in.”
Cas’ entire demeanor changes, everything about it growing lighter and brighter as he returns Dean’s smile. “Yeah?”
“Nothing worse than good old vanilla mortals do,” Dean says. “I mean, the patrons probably caused more problems than Ruby ever did.”
As Cas lifts himself back up, sets up a steady rhythm, Dean brushes his hair back from his sweaty forehead, takes another good, long look at him.
Dean rubs his hands on his jeans. “Yeah,” he says. “It just kind of uh. Happened.” Cas picks up another fry, doesn’t say anything, so Dean continues, “It’s nice to be able to give them a home, you know? Things got kinda screwed up for them when their mom died. And it only makes sense with Sam’s grand plan, right? Gotta have some people at the center so they can go where they’re needed.”
The hunt turns out to be a simple salt and burn, nothing they haven’t handled a hundred times with just the two of them. They meet up with Eileen that night, and by the next, it’s over and done.
“No kidding,” Sam says. He drums his fingers against the table. “He goes to get intel from another angel, and somehow that turns into stopping by a demon-infested bar before disappearing for a week?”
He doesn’t know how to tell his successful lawyer brother that all he has to show for himself is a shitty call-center job and a shittier apartment that he’s only managed to keep because a literal angel fell into his life, so instead, he says, “Oh, you know, uh. Moved around a lot, wound up here not too long ago. Guess being so far from home didn’t feel right to me either, y’know?” Sam makes a noise of agreement, and Dean adds, “Not that I’m complaining, but how’d you find me, anyway?”
“Yes,” Cas says, easily. “I don’t know how else to convince you I love you, Dean.” The pause that follows is heavy, his words hanging in the air, until eventually he sighs and adds, “I don’t think this is working—”
“Okay,” Dean says, but when he resumes, he moves more slowly than before, handles Cas even more gently.
Dean thinks, because if Sam’s judgment was all that was stopping him, they would have been doing this a long time ago. “He’s been down in the archives since breakfast,” Dean says, sliding Cas’ jeans down over his hips. “He’s not gonna trek all the way to this specific bathroom if he needs to take a piss.”
Krissy shakes her head. “Maybe you lucked out on missing all those years of family meals if this is what you would have been subjected to.”
They sit in silence for a few moments, watching cars pass. Finally, Cas says, “It was true when I told you that I didn’t need to sleep, but it...it comes and goes, not always predictably. I’m not human, but…” he sighs. “Still too human to be wholly angel, I suppose. Anyway. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you sooner. I didn’t want you to worry.”
Eventually, Cas shifts in his seat. “I found some chairs that I think might match the couch,” he says. He pulls one of the other chairs back from the table, slides it closer to himself, looks up at Dean expectantly.
Dean curses under his breath as he grabs a towel and presses it to his face. He takes a seat on one of the benches lining the wall and prays for the bleeding to stop.
Dean stops what he’s doing to raise an eyebrow at her. “Did you really just call Krissy while in the same house as her?” he asks.
Dean quizzes him on what he has, taking mental notes as Cas points out one plant after another, making plans—there’s rosemary for roast potatoes and dill for potato salad, basil for pesto, cilantro for tacos. He examines them one by one, breathing in the smells, feeling the various leaves, enjoying the different textures, everything from smooth and waxy to so soft and delicate he’s surprised he can even feel anything through his callouses. He’s smiling down at the oregano, growing wild beyond the edges of its pot, living its best life despite the culling Cas had done for the sake of saving Dean’s recipe, when Cas appears next to him and presses a quick kiss to the edge of his jaw.
Max pulls back his hand, laughing as Dean starts making his way over to the cupboards to find something to eat. “If you want him to perform tricks just for you, you’re gonna have to actually make a move,” Max says, “and if you don’t, maybe I will.”
Sam is still in his same spot when Dean gets back, bags hanging off both arms in an effort to get everything in one trip. “No, don’t get up, I’ve got it,” Dean says, earning him a quick glance and a “Sorry” as he makes it to the bottom of the stairs. He rolls his eyes as he moves down the hallway, sets everything on the counters and puts it away. By the time he’s done, though, he doesn’t feel like cooking anything, so he pours himself a bowl of cereal and heads to the library.
So it kind of floors Dean that Cas—Castiel, literal celestial being who has lived for millennia, has seen civilizations rise and fall, has experienced more unprecedented, once-in-existence events than Dean can even imagine—is being weird and cagey because the one thing that he’s deemed worthy, the one date he’s ever expressed an interest in memorializing, is the day he pulled Dean Winchester’s sorry ass out of hell.
There’s dirt under their fingernails, on the knees of their jeans, smeared in a streak along Cas’ forehead. Dean teases him about it as they make their way to the bathroom together, makes a show of licking his thumb and trying to rub at it, laughing as Cas dodges away from him.
Sam just laughs, clapping Dean on the shoulder as he leaves. He says, “I have faith that you’ll figure it out eventually.”
It doesn’t even take a snap of your fingers or a wave of your hand, unless you have a flair for the dramatic. With nothing more than a thought, you can have a change of scenery, a new car, food on your table, an entirely different roof over your head. It’s easy, instant.
Sam huffs as he turns the laptop towards himself. “It isn’t done yet,” he says as he starts scanning the article. “But when it is, it’ll pick up on this kind of thing, see--” he points at the screen-- “because it mentions the victim died in a locked home with no apparent signs of forced entry, and even that a member of the previous family living in the house died there, too, and it’ll automatically compile any information about the property itself and deaths in the surrounding area and look for anything else that could be related and come up with a best guess, and flag this as a possible ghost or poltergeist--”
“The hospital,” Cas says. “A nurse will be in soon to explain everything.” He smiles at her and adds, “Your wife and children will be very happy to see you.”
“I thought the Mark was going to kill you, too. And after Amara, I thought you were gone for good.” He looks down at the table, rubs the tips of his fingers against the grain. “It scares me, too. The thought of you dying. Of the things I’d do to keep that from happening again. I get it.”
“Spending all this money on me,” Dean says. “My hand, the stuff for the kitchen, the TV...it’s too much.”
Dean sets down his keys, slides the pizza onto the counter, closes the door. He runs a hand over the back of his head and says, “Look, I’m sorry.” Before Cas can add anything, he continues, “I’m not mad. I just worry, you know? I’m not used to this-- this--” he gestures at the apartment-- “to all of this. To having a steady job and bills to pay and somebody to come home to every day that’s not my brother.” He laughs nervously.
Cas nods and picks up the pace. Dean lets go of the back of the couch and moves to brace himself against Cas instead, forearms on his shoulders and hands tangled in his hair.
He reaches up carefully, grazes his fingers along the side of Cas’ face, strokes a thumb over his cheek. As Cas presses his face against Dean’s hand, he leans in and kisses him, sweet and slow.
All of the tables in Centennial Park are taken, filled with families picnicking and, in one case, playing an intense game of
The pipes rattle in the walls as Dean showers. The sound keeps Cas company as he gets up, pads softly around the apartment.
“Hey,” he says, loud enough Cas will be able to hear him if he’s awake but quiet enough it won’t wake him if he isn’t. “You up?”
He manages to finish the Snickers as Dean is drying himself off. As soon as he’s done chewing, Sam takes the empty wrapper, says, “Here,” and hands him a bottle of water, already uncapped. He takes a long drink as Dean wets a washcloth, rubs some soap into it.
“Well, my dad was one of ‘em. Got it into his head that what happened to my mom couldn’t have been an accident. That it must have been something else. He was convinced it was a demon at first, then, when they ruled that out, that it was some other kinda creature.” He scoffs. “Like that’s easier to believe than a stove fire. Guess it was easier to accept than the fact he was the last one to use the kitchen, though.”
“Hey, uh--” he sets his can on the counter and glances down at the angel’s cheap plastic name tag-- “Hannah.” He pulls out his card, shaking it in front of his face as they scan the barcode. “I promise it’ll work this time.”
Dean returns to the chairs, opting to take a seat and stay out of Cas’ way, alternating between watching Cas work and fiddling around on his phone until Cas is ready to join him.
Sam built his own desktop computer and has it hooked up to the rest of his system in the war room. There are phones set up like Bobby used to have, meticulously labeled, and they’ve modified the table, turned it into a touch screen map of the U.S. that’s actually really freaking cool. They’ve got a semblance of a system up and running, and Dean is excited about it in his own right, but not as excited as he is to see Sam so excited about it.
Ghosts and ghouls and vamps don’t give a fuck what day of the year it is, so Dean doesn’t get to care about it, either. There’s a job that needs doing, so he does it.
“I knew what would happen if I asked for more.” He gestures between them, encompassing the whole shitty situation, like it’s an explanation.
“Well, you don’t have to worry,” Mary says, patting Dean on the arm. “I’m not interested in reading them. Ever.”
Working on Christmas Day isn’t actually as bad as it could have been. Victor shows up at Dean’s cubicle midmorning and hands him a plain white box.
Dean makes Cas a batch of corn soup before he heads to work. He leaves it in the fridge, sticking a post-it on Cas’ phone directing him to eat when he wakes up.
Cas is sitting cross-legged on the couch, the player’s handbook Charlie loaned them laying open in his lap. He looks up at Dean and then back down again, brow furrowed as he chews the inside of his lip.
He never gets tired of making Cas breakfast, of sitting next to him in comfortable silence, of doing something as simple as sitting around and catching up on all the TV they never got to watch, all the new shows and movies that have come out since they were on Earth.
Castiel follows him into the main room, takes in Dean’s setup -- the secondhand couch and coffee table, the ancient TV, the threadbare carpet. “It’s a one-bedroom,” Dean adds, hooking his thumb towards the closed door to his room, “so you’ve got the couch. Oh, by the way, the couple nextdoor have a toddler. She can scream bloody murder when she gets in a mood, so there’s earplugs in the bathroom drawer if you need them.”
“None of it was fair,” Dean says. “To either of us. But hey, you turned out all right, huh?” He forces himself to look up at Sam and smile. “That’s what counts.”
“Hey,” Dean says quietly as he finally starts to doze. Cas makes a sleepy noise of assent from behind him. “Love you, too.”
“Did it occur to you,” Cas says, “that maybe I have better things to do than cater to your insecurities?”
“Sort of,” Cas says. He shifts. “Anyway, have you met many other angels besides Uriel? Didn’t they tell you anything about it?”
“Oh,” Dean manages, trying his best to internalize it as Cas kisses him again, more deeply this time, as he runs gentle fingers through the hair at the back of Dean’s neck. By the time Cas pulls away, Dean feels almost normal. Whatever ‘normal’ is for him, anyway. “Okay,” he says. “I’m okay.”
“Well, well, well,” he says, throwing Dean and Sam back with a flick of his wrist, pinning them against the wall. “Looks like we’ve got ourselves a little rescue mission.”
“Y’know,” Dean says, “I guess Kansas isn’t so bad sometimes.” Dean can feel Cas’ eyes on the side of his face as he
“You are,” Dean says, he’s sure of it. He ticks the evidence off on his fingers. “You actually got out of bed before me this morning. You haven’t had a single cup of coffee. You’re honestly kind of starting to drive me nuts with the way you keep bouncing your leg under the table. And you’ve been giving me these looks all day, like...I dunno. Like you’re waiting for me to say or do something and I don’t know what it is.”
Cas looks at him, glancing from one of his eyes to another, brow furrowed.“You really don’t get it, do you?” He brushes past Dean, heading to the sink.
“Hey, uh, sorry for the short notice,” Dean says, “but something came up and I’m not gonna be able to make it in today.”
Cas raises an eyebrow at Dean’s announcement that they’ll be leaving Sam at the motel to spend a night at the theater, but he obediently puts on his fed suit, lets Dean drive him downtown, ignores Dean’s swearing as he tries to find a good place to park. Dean thinks the whole thing is going pretty well right up until the point where Cas falls asleep with his head on Dean’s shoulder before they even hit intermission.
“At least make yourself decent first,” Dean says, pulling the hand towel from where it hangs on the oven and tossing it at Castiel’s face.
Cas huffs a laugh against the back of Dean’s neck. “Everyone is biased,” he says. “But surely that doesn’t mean they can’t ever be right.”
Cas has lost track of the number of gas stations he’s been in, but this one is a bit different. Here, there’s an angel behind the counter.
Dean pours Cas a mug, takes it to the living room and sets it on the coffee table. He nudges at Cas and says, “C’mon. Coffee.”
Sam had given him a thumbs up, and that had been it -- no breaking and entering required. Just a matter of driving far enough away that they could burn the bear in peace, and that was that.
“Aw, c’mon,” Krissy says, laughing, “she hasn’t been that bad lately. Only keeps me up one night a week, tops.”
“I get in the car,” Victor says hesitantly, “but only after I grab a backpack and toss in a flashlight, an external charger for my phone, and some pepper spray.”
and Cas undoes Dean’s belt with deft fingers, works open his jeans, has them down around his ankles before he realizes he’s forgotten about Dean’s boots. He huffs such a familiar, impatient sigh that Dean can’t help but laugh.
Muted gray light filters in through the bedroom window, washing the color out of the room. Their neighbors finally managed to make it out the door, sudden silence replacing the sound of their muffled voices filtering through the wall.
As he leads Castiel to his front door, Dean is acutely aware of exactly how shady his apartment building must look to anyone not used to seeing it every day. You could slap a neon sign on the side offering low weekly rates at the
Sam rolls his eyes. “No, but actually, I think Eileen is up that way. I’ll see if she can meet us there?”
As they both start eating their breakfast, Dean gives Castiel a proper once-over, looks beyond his tired expression and bedhead to his rumpled suit. He frowns and says, mouth half full of bacon, “Dude, did you sleep in those clothes?”
When all is said and done, the people who were giving them skeptical looks were right. They manage to find the site of the attack, look at the traces of blood and fur, the pawprints on the outskirts of the campsite. Cougars aren’t common here, Dean knows, but they’re also not unheard of.
The kids do a piss poor job suppressing their laughter, and as Dean tries to ignore the flush creeping up his neck, he runs into the edge of the island with his hip, stubs his foot on the corner. He tries to catch himself and only partially succeeds, stumbling forward and smashing his face into the counter.
Dean just laughs. As he shifts the covers out from under Cas and pulls them back up over him, Cas mumbles his thanks.
Cas considers the assortment of borrowed dice laying in front of him before plucking out the twenty-sided die. He shakes it in his hand and tosses it on the table, leaning closer to look at the result. “Six,” he says grimly.
Dean can feel Sam’s eyes on him as Alicia and Max get up from their seats, say their goodbyes. As soon as they’re out the door, Dean turns so Eileen can see him speaking and says, “Look, I didn’t want to offer without running it by you, but are you guys cool with--”
Dean tries to stay awake until Cas gets back. He downs a few cups of coffee and lies in bed, rereading
Dean feels his face flush. “Yeah, yeah,” he says, rolling his eyes as he unlocks the door. “Get in, we don’t have all day.”
“You know,” Cas says, a little breathy as Dean presses a kiss to his throat, loosens his tie, “I could just—”
“No, I--” Cas says. Something in his expression softens until he’s smiling slightly. “I’d like that.”
“It’s not terribly exciting,” Cas says, shrugging. “Everyone gets their own personal heaven, a replica of a place that holds some special meaning to them. If people are soul mates, they share.”
Cas hesitates, looks away, down at his glass. He runs a finger along the rim. “I was,” he says miserably.
The next morning, Dean checks the news over breakfast. By the time he’s done, he hasn’t seen any sign of Sam and Eileen, so he washes his dishes and wanders down the hallway and into the war room. When he looks through to the library, there they are, Sam half sitting on the table with Eileen nestled between his legs. Sam has his giant hands cupping Eileen’s face, and even from here, Dean can see the way they’re both smiling into the kiss.
“Okay,” Sam says, stepping aside, letting Cas take Dean into his arms. “Okay. Holy shit, Cas, it’s good to see you.”
“Yeah, it is,” Sam says. He hesitates as Dean grabs a bag of chips from the cabinet. “And, um. I got married.”
Dean hesitates in front of Cas’ closed door, wondering what it means, if maybe he’s already asleep. He had cycled through his usual go-tos, tried reading and listening to music and lying down to sleep, late as it is, until he found himself here, hand hovering in the air, poised to knock as he chews at his bottom lip. He’d had this idea that maybe Cas would still be up, and they could sit together in bed and watch a movie until he passed out with his head against Cas’ shoulder, and at that point it would be silly for him to go back to his own room, so Cas would shut his laptop and set it aside, press a kiss to Dean’s forehead as he urged him under the covers and they settled into sleep, and—he taps his knuckles against the door.
“I know,” Sam interrupts, his tone somewhere between confused and bemused. “You think I’m not sick of reading and going on runs and what the fuck else?”
He stops mid-apology as he looks over at Cas. He laughs at himself as their eyes meet, settling into the couch with his leg pressed against Cas’.
“I’ll just grab something to take with me,” Cas says, setting his can in the sink and turning on the water as he goes to rummage in the fridge, considering the many containers and plastic bags that Dean has filled with all manner of baked goods.
“What?” she says. “I’m being serious. If I can work from home, I can make ‘home’ anywhere I want. Why not here?”
He can pick out a few things he recognizes, but mostly his eyes catch on all the colors—there are flowers in the reds and yellows and purples he always loved seeing when they managed to drive through the Texas hill country at just the right time of year, others in a shade of orange so bright he wouldn’t have thought it possible, more with delicate little white-pink splashes of blossoms. It’s amazing, really, all this life sprung up out of nothing but time and Cas’ care.
Dean slowly changes into his pajamas, nearly tripping over his own pants as he pauses to yawn. He considers going back on the plans he made with Cas right up until the kid next door lets out a mournful wail that he swears makes the adjoining wall tremble.
He brings his other hand up to frame Cas’ face, kisses him deeply before sliding his arms down around Cas’ back and pulling him into a hug, burying his face against his hair.
Sam and Cas are talking animatedly at the table, leaning towards one another as they look at something on Cas’ phone. Dean smiles, seeing them like that, and for a moment he thinks maybe this can be his morning—maybe they can sit and eat breakfast together, laughing and joking, maybe he can nudge Cas’ foot under the table.
“I knew it was fake, Dean,” Cas says. “I knew it from the moment I woke up with you next to me. So I gave myself just one day, just to feel what it was like. But it never occurred to me to stay there. Even if-- even if we never wind up being anything...more, here. I’d choose this every time.”
Dean nods, leading Castiel back out into the hallway. “Kitchen’s here,” he says, gesturing towards the open doorway, “and living room’s this way.”
They settle into a routine. They go on hunts as needed, they hang out around the bunker, they learn how to exist in the same space from day to day. Just as Dean feels like maybe he’s getting the hang of the new turn his life has taken, Cas gets a call.
“Christ,” Dean says. He runs his hand down over his face, leans his head back, blinks up at the ceiling.
“Easier said than done,” Victor says. “I mean, Jesus, what is that? Eighteen to twenty-two-ish? That feels like it was a million years ago.”
Dean glances over at Cas. “Um,” he says, fighting a smile in spite of the fact that his face is burning. “I guess you could say that.”
Afterwards, once Sam has put his dirty dishes in the sink and wandered off, Dean clears his throat. “Hey, you know,” he says, “if you wanna talk about it, uh. I know those dreams can fuck you up, you know? Mine gave me lots of stuff I wanted, made it hard to leave.” He shrugs. “Was yours something like that?”
“Hey,” Dean says. “So, uh, I’m not actually buying anything. But if your lunch break is coming up soon, I was thinking I could show you where the park is?”
The second door on the left contains a corpse whose torso is a mess of open wounds and, staring pensively down at it, Castiel.
Dean types to Cas that night, once they’re back in the bunker. After a moment’s hesitation, he adds,
Cas rolls his neck as he gets out of the car and makes his way towards the vending machines tucked into an alcove between the bathrooms. Dean follows alongside him, hands in his pockets.
Cas deserves better than this, Dean thinks, as he turns on the car, grips the wheel to steady himself. Cas deserves better food, better dates. He deserves someone who can show him all life has to offer, someone who isn’t too scared to get on a goddamn plane, who would take him to see the seven wonders of the world instead of pulling off the highway to see stupid shit like the country’s largest rubber band ball. He deserves to be tired not from running from one hunt to another but from doing things that are actually fucking fun, to lay down at night next to someone who can sleep for more than a few restless hours at a clip. Cas deserves someone who didn’t learn everything he knows about making other men feel good in truck stop bathrooms or against the sides of 18 wheelers, someone who doesn’t occasionally still freak out in the middle of sex and need to be gently coaxed out of the past and back into the present. He deserves someone who knows how to take care of him, who doesn’t ask for so much while giving so little back.
and it’d look just like the seedy places you can find on the edge of town, the type he’s desensitized to after spending so much of his life living out of them.
Cas wakes with his face stuck to a page with drool. He jerks upright, a blanket slipping from his shoulders as he drags the back of his hand across his face.
When Dean looks up, Castiel is leaning back in his chair, smiling smugly. Dean rolls his eyes as he gets up from the table to pull the beef out of the fridge. “Can’t take the strategy out of the strategist, huh?”
“To put it mildly,” Cas says. “But.” He pauses, frowning, and then adds, “I need you to understand that the reason I left -- part of the reason I’m here now -- it isn’t just because of things the other angels did. It’s also because of things I did.”
He reappears a few minutes later, stops when he’s standing right next to Dean. Dean looks up to find Cas carrying two sandwiches, holding one plate out to him. Dean reaches up and takes it, and Cas nods, takes a seat on the couch. They sit next to one another, watching TV and eating their dinner in silence.
Cas busies himself with sipping at his drink as Dean cleans the wounds on his neck. He looks away from Dean, watches instead as Sam gathers his clothes into a pile in the corner, as he prepares another washcloth and hands it to Dean in exchange for the now blood- and dirt-stained one. Sam tosses the ruined washcloth onto the pile as Dean rubs at the raw skin around Cas’ wrists and ankles.
Cas doesn’t respond right away. Dean can feel the weight of his gaze in the silence, but he can’t seem to make himself turn around. Finally, he hears Cas shift, slide off his seat and walk over to stand next to him.
Dean opens his mouth to respond, tries to conjure up an answer—and realizes he can’t actually say for sure. “I guess not.”
Dean stares at him for a long moment, something hot and ugly spreading through his chest, up his throat. “Okay,” he manages, eventually.
“Everything is going to be fine,” Cas tells Dean for the millionth time as he pulls on a pair of slacks.
In other words, not well. Nothing seems to be going well, if the amount of time he spends refreshing the CDC map is any indication. It’s like he can’t remember how the fuck he spent his time before. The days are one big blur, one long awful haze that he has to navigate his way through step by sluggish step.
you, all of you—before he’d even looked your way. He feels just as exposed before Cas as always, but at least now Cas has to look him in the eye.
“You know,” Dean says as he grabs a couple beers from the fridge, “back during the first apocalypse, when Chuck was still pretending he was just a prophet and not the literal actual God, I had this conversation with him, right?” Cas shifts in his seat, sits a little straighter, while Dean opens the bottles and slides one over to him. “I don’t remember all of it, but the part that matters is he said how the latest stuff he wrote about us got weird, like, Vonnegut weird. And I asked him,
His nose is still stubbornly refusing to cooperate by the time Cas appears a few minutes later. He frowns at Dean as he strides over, reaching out and saying, “Dean, let me.”
Dean is slow to get up, waking late and lying in bed, fiddling around on his phone. He checks his bank balance, stomach twisting at the double digits, before closing the app and opening his email. He smiles when he sees he has a new message from Charlie.
“No, listen. Please,” he says, catching Cas’ eye and holding it. “C’mon, you got your speech. Lemme have mine.”
He pulls over on an empty stretch of road a few miles outside of town, stepping out of the Impala to lean against the hood. He closes his eyes, adjusts his footing, folds his hands in his lap.
“I know,” Cas says. He looks down at his book, tries to read the same sentence three times. He says, quietly, “We were together.”
Something in Dean unclenches in turn. “Yeah,” he says, pushing himself to standing, pressing a reassuring kiss to the corner of Cas’ mouth. “What did you have in mind?”
Dean hasn’t even gotten through “Hello” when Charlie interrupts him. “Dude,” she says, “I’m finally done with school. For good. I’m
“Hello?” Cas says, and at whatever answer he gets, he frowns. “How did you get this number? ...Why? ...I’ll think about it and be in touch.” He sets his phone on the table after he hangs up and stares at it, brow furrowed.
“I don’t understand why I keep reaching for this,” Cas says. “I’m not hungry. And pieces keep getting stuck in my teeth.”
Dean’s smile fades. “Honestly? There’s not much more to tell. It was kind of stupid. I beat the literal God and then got taken out a couple weeks later by a bunch of vamps with a clown fetish.” He huffs a humorless laugh. “You know, for the first time in a long time, I didn’t want to die? I had all these ideas about the life I was gonna live, the things I was gonna do, and then…” He shrugs. “Just like that, it was over.”
Cas is watching him, still, but something in his face has softened, now. Quietly, he asks, “Do you know what I want?”
“It’s been a while,” Hannah says, “but I recall a number of my classmates making no shortage of terrible decisions. I go investigate.”
His pleasant little fantasy is dispelled before he even takes a seat. He hasn’t even finished pouring himself a cup of coffee before the conversation becomes more subdued, and by the time he sits down next to Sam, they’ve fallen quiet.
In response, she looks him up and down, brow furrowed, and says, “What exactly are you now, Castiel?”
Cas lifts his free hand to Dean’s face and leans in, stopping with his mouth just shy of Dean’s, breath ghosting over his lips. When Dean looks up and meets Cas’ gaze, he grins.
Dean gives him a few breaths and then prompts, gently, “When you came here? To Kansas? Or to Earth?”
Cas falls silent again. After a while he inhales loudly like he’s about to say something, but then he lets out a sighing breath and keeps quiet. Dean waits patiently until, a few minutes later, Cas says, “I don’t know how to explain.”
“Wow. Look at you, all adult-like. They grow up so fast,” Dean says, wiping at a fake tear. He laughs when Charlie playfully punches at his shoulder. “So, tell me about grad school.”
It’s as though that gives Cas some kind of permission; he groans, squeezing his eyes shut and thrusting into Dean harder, faster. Dean is still coming down from his own high, but he sighs into it, tightens his thighs against the backs of Cas’ legs, urging him on, wanting, in some small way, to repay Cas for everything he’s done for him over the years, all he’s sacrificed. Cas pants against Dean’s neck, comes with Dean stroking his hands through his hair, whispering, “I got you,” against his ear.
Cas makes a sound of agreement, and then he reaches his hand out and places it on Joanna’s forehead. A moment later, the gentle glow of his grace washes over Joanna’s face, shifts the light in the room. When he pulls his arm back he sways a little on his feet, and Dean reaches out automatically, heart racing, and steadies him with a hand on his elbow.
“Hey,” Victor says, leaning to look past his computer screens as Dean clocks in. “Had me worried for a minute there.”
Dean shifts uncomfortably. “Why not? I mean, it sounded like you had it pretty good there, man.” He lifts his hand, drops it back down onto the table with a thunk. “And I know from experience how easy it is to just slide into it. To tell yourself it’s real.”
“Dean, wait,” Cas says, stepping forward and reaching for Dean’s hand. “It’s all right. You just--” Dean looks up as Cas pauses and finds him smiling-- “you just caught me by surprise, that’s all.”
Dean has seen a lot of angels by the time he returns to Lawrence nearly three decades later. Sometimes he realizes what they are when he catches glimpses of their wings in his peripheral vision, sees the light from their halos glimmering in their hair. Sometimes he figures it out when they greet him by a name he hasn’t told them, when they call up details about him that they shouldn’t have known. He knows what to look for, but sometimes they still manage to catch him by surprise.
Dean reaches between them and takes his dick in his hand, strokes himself slowly as he watches Cas. It’s easy, unhurried—he doesn’t have to worry about whether anyone is going to walk in, whether this is going to be the only chance he gets to do this, whether he’s fucking it up. He gets to be wholly in the moment, gets to experience everything in perfect, miraculous clarity. He gets to watch every expression that flickers across Cas’ face, gets to run his free hand along the taut muscles in his arms, his chest, gets to hear every catch in his breath as he buries himself inside of Dean.
“I mean, yeah. Kinda?” Dean says, brow furrowed. “But it feels like it’s supposed to be all about tradition, and I don’t have anything to base it off of. No family recipes to use, nothing like that.”
Dean turns, grinning as he holds out the teacup -- pristinely clean other than a smudge on one side of the rim, a red lipstick stain he couldn’t quite wash off.
So Dean takes it upon himself to be a better teacher, because it’s not just the food, it’s...everything. It’s the way Cas dresses in torn jeans and faded t-shirts and secondhand flannels, it’s the way he’ll spend an entire day binge-watching Catfish: The TV Show, it’s the way he’ll read whatever dime novel Dean puts in his hands but can never find time for Emerson or Thoreau or Kant.
Dean leans on the table, taps his fingers on the surface. “You think we can do it?” he asks. “Build off their system without, you know. Taking after those assholes?”
“That isn’t what this is about,” Dean says, heat creeping up his neck, uncomfortable even in the coolness of fall.
For a second, Cas just stands there, looking down at Dean, both of them half hard. The way Cas is looking at him, his smile lopsided, his expression still a little stunned, like he’s still working on accepting that this is really happening— before, Dean would have been embarrassed. Now, it just winds its way through him warm and pleasant, has him saying, “C’mere already.”
It’s a gentler reminder than the ever-growing numbers on the CDC map, the reality that exists outside the bunker walls, the mounting failure for which Dean can’t possibly take credit but for which he still somehow feels responsible.
“This is another thing I didn’t know,” Dean says. “You kinda blindsided me, before. There at the end. The way you looked at me…” Even with the distracting heat of Cas’ body pressing against and into him, the joy and the pleasure of it—he can picture it perfectly, will remember it forever, all of Cas’ raw emotion, his love written on his face so plainly that he knew it for truth even before the terms of Cas’ deal proved it. “You’re usually so stoic, I thought it was a sudden shift. But I had it backwards. That was just the face you put on. This, here”—he traces his fingers over one of Cas’ eyebrows, down the side of his face—“the way you’re looking at me now, like you’ve never wanted anything more. This is the real you. You were holding out on me.”
Dean shrugs, looks down at his glass, turns it round and round with one hand. “Yeah, that’s all true. He helped us save the world.”
Dean’s just about done cooking the chicken when he picks up on a shift in the conversation. He isn’t sure how the subject of cars came up, but he catches Sam saying, “Oh, man, our dad used to have this ‘67 Impala. We basically lived out of that car for years.”
It’s only as they’re in the middle of eating, the three of them sitting around the table talking and laughing, that Cas’ reply comes, his last of the night:
Dean drags a hand over his face before moving to sit next to Cas on the couch. He grabs the present off the table, pulls it into his lap, and unwraps it carefully. It’s a non-stick pan -- a decent one, by the looks of it, which is great given that the ones Dean currently has are unbelievably shitty. They’re so thin that the heat distribution is terrible and so poorly made that the teflon flakes off into their food when he cooks.
“You should know,” Jack starts, sobering a little, “he’s at peace. He isn’t suffering. His fight is over.”
It would be a whole ordeal to get it now. Even if the food weren’t already half cooked, he’d have to drive all the way to the store, and even then, he can’t do curbside pickup unless he hits the thirty dollar threshold. Problem is, he just did his weekly run yesterday and he doesn’t want to buy stuff for the sake of buying it, feels exhausted by the prospect of going to the effort of picking out that many things they don’t really need. He feels what he knows is an irrational despair over something so small, and then he has an idea.
The cheerfulness with which Sam says it throws him, makes his head spin. There’s a part of him that wants to protest, that wants to tell Sam he’s really misunderstanding what’s going on here, that his expression is completely inappropriate for the situation. Sam should be looking at him with disapproval or disgust, not with whatever this is—this fond, teasing glee.
Cas takes Dean’s hands in his own as he kisses up over his hip bone, his stomach, as he blankets Dean’s body with his own. He slides their arms up over Dean’s head, lacing their fingers together, pressing the backs of Dean’s hands into the mattress. He kisses the side of Dean’s neck, finally kisses him on the mouth, runs his tongue along Dean’s bottom lip and licks into his mouth when Dean opens to him, presses their hips together in a way that leaves Dean gasping.
Dean turns from his cooking to find Cas hovering in the doorway. “Hey,” he says, grinning. “You say hi to everyone already?”
They get ready for bed at the same time, making it all the way through going to the bathroom, brushing their teeth, washing their faces. As they reach the door to Dean’s bedroom, Cas grabs Dean by the hand, turns him around, and kisses him right there in the hallway. Dean smiles into it, kisses him back.
Other holidays, though, can get annoying. Thanksgiving is trickier, the warning signs blending in with all the generic fall decorations that start popping up the second the leaves start to turn. Fall has a way of making Dean’s days blur together until one time he tries showing up at a witness’ house and gets an annoyed
Cas pushes himself up on one elbow. He brushes Dean’s hair away from his face and leans over to kiss him, a gentle press of his lips to his forehead. And then he gets up out of Dean’s bed and walks out of his room and doesn’t come back.
Dean sighs. “Yeah, okay, I get it,” he says, looking down at his knees. “I don’t trust them, but I get it. And--” he looks up at Cas-- “I trust you. So. If you say you gotta go, and that it’s gonna be fine, I believe that.”
Dean scuffs his boot against the ground. “Sure, why not?” he says. “We’ve got the room, and we’re here at the center of the country, so, you know, with your whole master plan, if she’s not already tethered somewhere. It only makes sense, right?”
Dean hogs the entire couch while Cas is at work. He balances a bowl of popcorn on his stomach, chewing idly as he watches
Sam spreads out in the booth once she’s gone, leans against the wall with his legs lying across the seat.
With a few notable exceptions, Dean doesn’t remember specific dates. But that doesn’t mean that he doesn’t remember other things, that there isn’t anything he holds close to his heart.
In the light from his lamp, Dean notices Cas has tan lines from his time on the roof. He traces a finger along the edge of darker skin that ends just below Cas’ neck, examines the borders the sun has burned onto him, this small proof that time is still passing, that things are still changing.
Eileen doesn’t respond, opting instead to simply look at him and smile with one eyebrow raised. “Oh, right,” he says. He chews and swallows his mouthful of food. “This place is incredible. How’d you find it?”
“Take good care of each other, Dean,” Jack says, flashing him one more smile—and then, just like that, he’s gone.
“I think,” Cas says slowly, “maybe I just don’t ‘get’ art. But I appreciated the experience, anyway.”
Their next stop is Goodwill. Dean wanders along behind as Castiel browses the shirts. “So, yeah,” he says, stuffing his hands in his pockets. “The men’s sections at these places are always kinda sad, so there’s, um. I think a few other places around town we can check out, y’know, if we need to.”
Dean and Sam pause in the middle of a conversation about the merits of the movie adaptations of Tolkien’s works as Cas shuts the front door and makes his way to the dining room.
Castiel looks down at himself, then back up at Dean. “Yes?” he says. “These are the only clothes I have.”
Dean shifts back, sticks his thumbs into his pockets. “Dude, okay, seriously,” he says, “what gives?”
“That can’t be right,” he says to himself, but another quick search confirms that it is—if anything, it’s a conservative estimate, and it’s only going to keep going up.
Xi has just started his journey when there’s a knock at the door. Dean hits pause and gets up to open it, and as soon as it swings open, his breath catches.
“Gee, thanks,” Dean says, chuckling. “But listen. If you don’t wanna play, it’s cool. You don’t have to--”
“I know how this started,” he says. “But I want you to know that this wasn’t just something I wanted to do during quarantine and stop as soon as it’s over. I want this all the time. I want to have an actual life. With you.”
Dean huffs a laugh that turns into a breathy moan as Cas fucks into him. “Well,” Dean says, “for what it’s worth, I’m glad it wasn’t actually the end.”
When they finally pull apart to breathe, Cas rests with his lips pressed against Dean’s skin where his neck meets his shoulder.
As Dean runs off to take a piss in the bushes, Cas stretches his legs, wanders over towards the sign on the edge of the lot. He rolls his head from side to side as he looks around. They’re surrounded on all sides by pale reddish-brown soil dotted with sad little gray-green shrubs in various shapes and sizes. In the distance, down the road past the sign, a cluster of squat brown buildings struggle to distinguish themselves from the dirt.
“Any time,” Dean says, warmth spreading through his chest. “And anyway, for what it’s worth, I think you’ve got a pretty good claim on Earth.”
“Dean,” Cas interrupts, sighing. When Dean looks up, Cas takes his face in his hands and kisses him again. He steps forward, forcing Dean to move backwards, step after step, until they’re both inside Dean’s room. Cas kicks the door closed behind them.
“You gonna be okay while I go to work?” Dean asks. Cas mumbles a “Yes” into his pillow, so Dean presses a kiss to his hair and gets out of bed.
The peeler slips in Dean’s hand, nearly nicking his thumb. Okay, so maybe it’s not the bread Cas has been frowning at.
felt like vacation at first, had even felt like fun. He had seen it as a mandated break from hunting, a few weeks off where he could catch up on all the things he never seemed to have time for. He had spent day after day reading, watching TV, puttering around checking things off his list at a leisurely pace.
As peaceful as the village appears on the surface, there’s more going on than meets the eye. “Let’s just say business is booming,” a gruff blacksmith tells them, directing them to the town center.
Naturally, they’re both there, in the goddamn kitchen. Sam is sitting at the table sipping a cup of tea and Cas is at the counter, pouring himself a cup of coffee.
Cas smiles, raising one eyebrow. “You have no problem accepting the existence of angels and demons, but you scoff at the idea of monsters?”
And the way Cas is looking at him? Dean thinks, with no small amount of smugness, that he’s never seen him happier.
“It’s just...it’s gonna be a slow process of finding out where everyone is, relying on self reporting, that kind of thing,” Sam explains. “It’s going to involve a lot of trial and error. A lot of voluntary participation, too. I don’t want to be Big Brother--” Dean scoffs and Sam rolls his eyes. “You know what I mean. Anyway, I’m still going to set it up to do GPS tracking, but it’s not foolproof, since you can turn the GPS off or since phones can run out of battery or be broken--”
“Jesus, Cas,” Dean says. “Can’t you just let me suffer in peace.” Cas falls silent, and Dean sits there, breathing in and out, focusing on trying not to throw up.
Sam nods as he finally unfolds himself from the kitchen chair and moves towards Cas. “Hey, don’t sweat it. You must be Castiel,” he says, holding out his hand. “It’s nice to meet you, I’m--”
Cas reaches up, grazes his fingers along the side of Dean’s face, frowning. “I wanted that, too.” He cups Dean’s face in his hand, runs his thumb along his cheek. After a moment’s hesitation, he says, “Close your eyes.”
Their excitement carries Dean through unpacking his bag, showering, rummaging through the cabinets to put together a meal. He thinks back on the breakfast he’d shared with Cas, sighs to himself as he starts gathering ingredients to make his own hash like he’d seen on the menu, complete with eggs and grilled tomatoes on the side.
“Hey man, it’s cool,” Victor says. “You don’t need to explain. I know you wouldn’t ask if it wasn’t important. It’s slow here, anyway.”
“This one’s different,” Dean says. “Last one had more trees and was farther back from the road. Less benches, too.”
He slips his phone into his pocket and packs up his charger. He slings his bag over his shoulder and heads to the garage.
“Nah, we’re just about done,” Dean says, shoveling down his last few bites of omelet as Sam and Cas exchange their good mornings.
Cas sighs, but he takes the pills, puts them in his mouth and chugs the water. When he’s done, he holds the empty glass out to Dean and repeats, “Coffee?”
Victor halfheartedly rolls his first die. “Nine,” he says, then picks it up and rolls again. He perks up a little as he says, “Seventeen.”
Dean stands, tense and silent, and Cas wonders if he’ll bother to respond at all. Back turned, Dean exhales slowly. He says, quietly, “I’ve watched you die, all right? More than once. And I can’t do that again, Cas. I just can’t. I can’t worry about that all the time, it would be paralyzing.”
Dean flushes. “No, of course not,” he says. “I just. I don’t trust those assholes, man. You at least gotta let me come with you--”
“Hey,” Dean says, scooting closer to him, “I’m not trying to catch you out or anything. I just wanna know what’s going on.”
They’re in the middle of debating which obscure local cryptid they think Donna may be dealing with when Dean returns to the table and, with a flourish, sets two plates of omelettes down in front of them.
In spite of his protestations, Cas wastes no time in kneeling on the floor in front of him. Dean pushes himself up on his elbows to watch Cas untie his boots, pull them off one after the other, followed by his socks and his jeans. He lifts his hips so Cas can slide his boxers down and off, keeps watching as Cas reaches up and curls his fingers around the backs of Dean’s legs. Cas presses a kiss to the inside of his knee, just the barest brush of his lips, before working his way up the inside of Dean’s thigh, setting his skin tingling, heat gathering low in his stomach. He resists the urge to hurry him along, to break the rules he isn’t quite sure why he set.
Dean shifts from one foot to another. There’s only the one chair—he isn’t stupid enough to have dragged in another—so he’s forced to stand, squaring his shoulders against Cas’ weary, accusing gaze. “Doing what?”
Cas looks tired, too, keeps coughing into his elbow, clearing his throat. He’s exceedingly patient, anyway, keeps saying things like “You never know” to Dean and “We’re simply covering our bases” to the people giving them skeptical looks.
“Yeah, well,” Dean says. “Don’t get used to--” He’s distracted by his phone vibrating where it sits on the table. He glances down at it, looks back up, realizes he’s forgotten what he was saying. “Uh--”
Dean laughs, sharp and humorless. “Yeah, about that,” he says. “Let me fill you in: We found him with his teeth in you. You didn’t have days, Cas, you didn’t even have hours. You would have been dead in minutes. We had to--” he takes a deep breath, scrubs a hand over his face-- “we had to fucking pull him off you, Cas. And then you wouldn’t wake up, and I thought-- Christ, I dunno.”
“I love you,” he murmurs, different from before—quieter, more reverent, like he’s dropping an offering into Dean’s open hand.
anything, huh? Sure, that’s part of it, but it’s not all of it. It’s—it’s—it’s everything, all right? Everything that’s happened since we’ve known each other. Always sticking by each other, always working things out, no matter how hard it got. And everything that’s happened during this weird fucking pandemic. So yeah, the sex, but also going to bed next you to and waking up next to you, making you breakfast, helping you with your plants, just—I don’t know—just sitting around together, telling you all my stupid awful depressing thoughts and not having you freak out and run off or whatever. All that shit I said. I’ve never said that to anybody, all right? This is the closest I’ve ever been to feeling like I had a fucking life, okay, like maybe this is something that could last, and I fucked it up before I even realized that’s what was happening.
Dean watches him move from pot to pot, takes in the tender, careful way he runs his fingers along the leaves—the same fingers that had once curled inside him, had gripped his sweat-slick skin, had brushed his hair back from his forehead. He stands there, chest aching, and watches the steady, searching way Cas examines every flower, that same look that Dean had so frequently turned away from.
