“Cas?” he swallows around the lump in his throat. He can’t say anything else. He thinks
He takes a few deep breaths. Grabs the blanket and tucks himself into bed. Punches the lumps out of his pillows. He rolls over on his side and stares at Cas' chair. He’s left a book on the seat.
He sees Dean’s soul begin to lift from his body and he reaches out. Grabs it tight with both hands and guides it back down. The soul doesn’t fight him this time as he shepherds it back into Dean’s body. Dean is alive but he will need healing later. Cas needs to finish this.
Across the room, Cas is half reclined on the sofa reading. He has his ankles crossed. He's wearing a pair of socks that he bought himself once they moved. They're cream colored with thin yellow stripes. A thread sticks out on the toe of the top sock. Dean stares at it until it goes out of focus. His stomach finally settles and he lets out a long sigh.
"At lunchtime I bought a huge orange. The size of it made us all laugh. I peeled it and shared it with Robert and Dave. They got quarters and I had a half."
“Considering we’re both here, I would say not very good. I need to find Death so they can reap God when I kill him.”
As the water cools he saves his place in the book. He lets everything drain while he towels off. His skin and hair is soft everywhere the swirling glitter has touched. He pulls on the soft sleep clothes, a pair of Dean’s old pajama pants and thin sweater with holes in both sleeves. He gently blows out the candle and sets the little cover on it. He uses a plastic drink cup from the movie theater to wash the purple out of the bottom of the tub. Tucks the book back into the little basket on the counter for reading materials. Once everything is tidy again he heads down the hall to the living room. Dean has heard the tub draining and set out a mug full of fresh coffee on the table, he's also snatched up the blanket and moved over to the couch. Cas crawls under the blanket and sets himself between Dean’s legs with his back against his chest.
"If you would like to. You know I always enjoy our talks." He crosses his legs, ankle over knee.
Cas is often so earnest. Dean always wondered if he was aware of it. He gives him a weak smile.
“Hey, Cas! You coming?” He’s got one of his long legs in the truck already and is midway through hoisting himself in.
Her blonde hair is piled on her head with a pair of sunglasses sticking out, streaks of white in places. The Kansas weather is crawling toward fall but she still wears a high waisted pair of jeans shorts. She pulls Jody, still cramming a handful of items in her purse, behind her.
Dean turns his head away.
"Squash...things? Just threw some stuff together. Set the table will ya, Sammy."
Dean rolls over on his stomach. He puts his head on his folded arms and stares at Cas' shoelaces.
“No. But Jack is.”
They wander again as the Israelites had wandered in Egypt. Cas wonders how much time they have left. He wills himself into feeling sure that nothing has been messed up on the other end. That the delay is only caused by differences in spatial reality. As they go, more angels and demons break off to follow. Either out of curiosity or because they’re ready to spar.
"Sam has been doing important work at the bunker. He has friends and allies. He's built a relationship with Eileen. They’re building a life together, but you'll never stop being in it."
Cas has been lying on the couch at night since they moved in, listening to Dean's subconscious crying out for him, but not feeling he had permission to do anything. With only an occasional sleep deprived Sam for company. The implication was too much.
There goes the element of surprise.
“Hey! You came to me with this. So are you gonna tell him you love him or not?”
“Jack, I’m so sorry. I thought you were safe."
“We can’t just give up.” Jack tells him.
He stops multitasking and finishes texting Eileen.
"Yes. The spell…"
Cas rolls his eyes at her. She comes second only to Dean in humans that make him roll his eyes.
"Would you read me one?"
He feels Cas press his leg up against him. It’s comforting and grounding. He turns his attention back to whatever they’re talking about.
“Who are you?” They ask in wonder and just a little lick of fear.
"Dean. I am a literal mind reader, but I do still need you to tell me what you’re thinking sometimes."
“If this plan doesn’t shake out, thanks for one last ride.”
“What about you Cas? Whose side are you on?” Sam knows that answer without asking. Dean every time.
"Sounds good to me. I'm just gonna get dressed."
Cas stops thinking about maybe and enjoys the moment.
“Sorry I’m late. I got the pizza.” Sam signs pizza by finger spelling.
supposed to end like this.”
Cas won’t let him do this.
He doesn’t say anything else for another three hours. Sam tries to draw a conversation out, ask more about what happened. He can feel Dean slipping from the faking being fine stage to wanting to be alone in his private grief. But they’re stuck in the car together so he’s doing it in his own mind. Sam rolls a water bottle across the bench seat to him. Dean grabs it automatically and drains it. Sam knows his brother well enough to know he won’t crash but he also won’t be joining any conversations for some time.
Billie will find and kill the Shadow. They will ascend to heaven, or shift depending on your view of metaphysical spaces. All the angels and demons will go with them, leaving the Empty just that. Once there, it’s easy to cause a distraction so Billie can slip to Earth unnoticed. Cas will take care of the actual killing, he just needs Death to be there in time.
"Dean! Don't make handjob jokes about my girlfriend!"
“Dean...Campbell. This is Sam, and Cas.” Dean had to remember they were Campbells in Lebanon.
As Sam walks off to change and shower his phone continues playing, forgotten in his hand.
"Chuck did this? Not Billie?"
And Dean? Dean is a mess. The idea of Cas riding shotgun in his body and looking at his thoughts? No. He clamps down hard on that. The idea that, if their plan fails, he could be stuck in an endless body sharing episode until he dies and Cas wears his husk around? Hard pass. Time for plan Z.
He thinks all of them are good. That's why he wrote them down. Half of them are ones that Cas has read to him so he’s already heard those. He flips through the pages, shaking his head. He stops. This one is perfect. He can do it. He can read this and finally say the thing that needs to be said. He smooths his hand over the page and begins.
Jack and Sam have to get dressed yet. They peel off in their different directions leaving Dean in the library. He’s fine in his grey flannel shirt. There’s sleep drool on the underside of one cuff, the black tshirt beneath is wrinkled, and he’s way too old to be sleeping in jeans, but it's fine. He pulls himself up. Nudges a bottle with the toe of his boot. Then sends it sailing into a bookshelf with a well placed kick. Looks at the bottles on the table, the laptop, Sam’s empty coffee cup. Swipes his arm over it all. Crashes it to the floor. Stomps on the shards. Tosses an unbroken bottle against the opposite wall, and watches the shattering glass explode over the stupid map table he never wants to see again. There’s beer and a thin line of blood to go with the drool and sweat on his shirt now. But he’s just fine.
Cas has been asked to tag along. Apparently he has a calming presence. He thinks it has more to do with not being bothered by blood. Having even in control vampires handling it would be a mistake, possibly a fatal one if the vamp was young. There’s a nonzero number of human hunters that got squeamish about blood that came without doing any killing.
“Mmm. Okay, I’m ready.” He rises and shivers slightly at the cool of the room around him.
Well Dean had said:
“I wasn’t going that fast! It was only ten over.” Jody pours more wine into the glass.
Dean licks his lips. "Say it again."
“I dunno, I just did.” Sam leans back in his chair. “I knew I liked her tiny orange car, I liked the way she smiled at me. I liked that her name sign for me is just the letter S signed really high and how that made me notice it doesn’t bother me when she teases me for being tall.”
“This can’t be happening.” Sam shakes his head, hair coming untucked from behind his ear.
They make their way outside and pick their way through the lawn. Cas has convinced Dean not to mow as much, for the bugs, and the yard has gotten shaggy. Dean settles in his chair and let's his toes sink into the dew caught in the grass.
Dean sits quietly for a moment. Clenches and unclenches his hands. Continues looking in a way that another human might find uncomfortable. Cas doesn’t.
"Dude, you gotta shower first." Dean wrinkles his nose. "You stink!"
"Dean. Please."
They have sold their individual cabins and Donna's place in Hibbing, keeping the house in Sioux Falls. A transfer was easy enough for Donna. She knows the sheriff after all. After Kaia came back and the world unended they have spent less time hunting and more time with the girls. They even drop in to visit from time to time, even though the drive is nearly six hours long.
Sam throws himself into changing things at the bunker. Claire and Kaia start spending more time there, they’re intrigued by his plans to do some monster rehabbing. He rekindles his relationship with Eileen. He’s afraid, but he also wants to make things work. If she’s willing to forgive him for getting her killed. What they have may be the real thing, now they can find out.
“If we hadn’t tried to rewrite the ending, this never would have happened.” Sam continues.
Dean’s breath hitches in a few places. Cas slows as he trips toward the end.
"Goodnight, you two." Sam says as if it means something. Maybe it does.
A week goes by in the same way. The nightmares don't stop but the screaming does. The reliable presence of Cas in his chair with his book, and the blanket thrown over his pajama'd legs becomes familiar and welcome.
“Hmm.” Dean sits up and takes a huge slurp of coffee. “Not yet.”
“I’ve been praying to you. I think Sam has too. Can you hear us when I’m not here?”
“I think if we work together and concentrate we may be able to break up the Shadow that’s keeping us here. Once that’s gone it should be an easy matter to get everyone into heaven.” Cas attempts a commanding look and hopes it covers how desperate this plan actually is.
She sighs. "You used to be fun." She turns to the Shadow, and cups her hands around her mouth. "Stop copying me, you big gooey bitch!"
"Mhm. Glad I could help facilitate that, but I'm late for my date." Sam gets up and pulls on a pair of deep brown boots from the shoe rack.
He points toward the other room.
Destruction of the godhead sends out a wave of energy, felling trees and splitting rocks for a square mile. Cas uses everything he has to fly Dean’s prone body to Sam and Jack’s location seconds before the tranquil lake becomes a crater. He holds Dean close to him as he feels himself pass out.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam looks confused. "I thought you said there was no body?"
In the distance gravel crunches, startling the bird away. No sounds of the truck so it has to be Cas coming back from hanging out with Eileen. It was nice that they were friends but it did sometimes feel like the three of them were ganging up on him about moving.
When Sam sets a dish in the sink too loudly, Dean jumps, clapping his hands over his ears. His heart is banging fit to burst. He feels a wave of anger at Sam, at the noise, at his own brain. He moves quickly across the kitchen floor and into the living room, dumping himself into an armchair. Sam leaves through the backdoor to do something else. Not even noticing something has happened.
Later Cas sips coffee as Eileen eats potato pancakes and matzo ball soup at a late night deli. Eileen tells him about her plans to run an ASL class for beginners at the library with Sam. Cas tells her about the epic highs and lows of drip irrigation, and what the neighbor’s goats are up to. Their friendship is easy and honest.
"Okay, okay. But you should invite her. She's cool."
Sam slowly pulls his phone out of the pocket of his pajama bottoms. He swipes the screen and taps a few times, increasing the volume as the music starts.
“Luckily we had an old shirt somewhere, and a blanket in the back seat in case of blizzards. Jodio put on the shirt and you couldn’t tell if it was covering a pair of shorts or not, and I threw the blanket over me even though it must have been ninety that day.” Donna smiles at Jody and sips the wine.
Jack flickers in and out. Cas listens to the sound of Dean talking to Sam filtering through faintly like the static of the radio. He can’t help, can’t stop their mourning, and at the same time can’t stop knowing about it. He’s supposed to be asleep. He’s supposed to be done and instead he aches. His son is fading out again. He takes his hand for a few seconds before it's gone.
“You realize this sounds fake as hell.” She smiles brightly. “But we’re reanimated bones so we might as well roll with it.” She says, finally standing nearby.
Eileen laughs. “
“He absorbed all of the power when Chuck was killed.” He feels an odd thrill of satisfaction. “When I killed him. We released everyone from the Empty so Billie could reap him.”
It's a very short poem, a few lines. Almost over before it's begun. Cas closes the book and sets it back on the stack. Looks at Dean looking at him.
“We’re taking you back to the bunker. We’re turning ourselves in.” Dean turns the key in the ignition and speaks without looking at anyone.
(See the end of the chapter for
. With you.”
Dean has about five seconds for a rejoinder but squanders it. Behind him black ichor oozes from a hole in the wall, the shadow coming for Cas like he said. Dean looks back to Cas, his heart skipping as the door bursts open and Billie stands lurking on the other side. Rock meet hard place.
“It's a date. Um.” Well that was stupid.
Dean’s propped on his right side, using his elbow to keep himself up while he chats about plans to finish clearing out the cellar. Maybe storing some firewood down there if it's dry enough.
"What're you lookin’ at?" Dean turns, the dawning light now setting fire to the ginger in his beard.
“It’s okay, Dean.” Jack squeezes him back, pats his back, lets Dean rock him a little bit before he lets go.
“I don’t know what that deputy thought when he saw us, but she let us go and never said anything about it when I saw her on Monday.”
” Cas shrugs, taking another onion ring from Sam.
She's getting choked up. She takes a drink of juice so she can continue on. "I was twelve. But I loved him, and I missed him because he was my dad. I never even got to know him though. For all I know he could have been terrible.” She wipes her face with her sleeve. “You're not my father, like you told me then. And I didn't get it at first, but you do give a shit about me for some reason. Enough to help me, enough to give me a gift on my birthday. I want to know you."
"-getting breakfast?" He finishes awkwardly.
"And you."
Sam is so tired he can feel weariness covering his skin like the clinging smell of smoke. “Yeah, maybe that’s the point.” He swipes a hand over his face. “No one left to help.” Maybe not even the people in this car.
Dean pointedly ignores the feeling of his face heating. "Feels weird not to."
“No. I can’t go back to heaven. I have a one way ticket now, like you.”
Cas’ hand leaves a bloody handprint on his shoulder, the mirror of the handprint he left on Dean’s arm when he pulled him from hell. Dragging him back kicking, and gouging, and brawling to get free.
Dean takes it. "Oh. I wrote a bunch of poems in here. Some of the ones you read me. Ones I really liked." He feels lame telling Cas about it but he goes on. "Sometimes I reread them to relax. When...if you're not here." His face feels like the surface of the sun.
“There’s lots of old trails between the house, the big hill, and the pond up the way.” Loren’s voice drifted through a dutch door that led from the kitchen to what appeared to be a laundry or mud room.
, I’m hilarious.” he wiggles his eyebrows.
As he does, a breeze rushes through like the opening of a million windows. The smell of lake wafts lightly through the air, and it's the best thing any of them have ever smelled. The air carries bird song and the essence of spring. Low in the sweet distance, a train whistle filters in. They’ve done it. Jack has done it. So what if the sky was a little bluer, the trees a little greener, and the world a little kinder? Cas figured it was a little bit allowed after everything.
Once he’s alone, Jack tries to hone in on Cas’ grace. If he really concentrates, he can almost feel the comfortable and familiar presence. One he had known even before he was born. It might be there, or it's just in his mind. He’s openly crying now, tears falling in little bunches on his white shirt.
Sam has loaded a handful of books in the Impala, some half-assed sandwiches, wound care kit, extra clothes. He doesn’t know where they’re going or how long they’ll be gone. Jack is settled in the back seat. He has his fully charged phone in his pocket even though there’s no one to answer if he calls. He focuses on the beacon of a living being’s presence.
The pages whisper over one another, blankets get adjusted, Cas clears his throat even though there’s no need to.
Behind her Death stands flanked by the horde of collected angels and demons. The Shadow drops Crowley’s visage with a panicked look, reverting to tendrils of black ooze and taking off. Billie follows in close pursuit. Meg grabs Cas’ arm.
She lets her hands drop as if to say he could come to his own conclusions about that.
Maybe Meg looks shocked for a second but she moves on quickly, always ready to roll with the next new thing. “So God is around? I think I lost a bet somewhere. What’s he up to?”
“You found a dog?”
Jack stands a few paces away. His hand is up in his signature wave. “Goodbye.” He flashes out of earthly existence.
Cas thinks maybe in another life they may have been friends. He’s somewhat sad to think she might not make it out of being dead alive. Before her, Anna stands waiting. She takes one last second to slap Cas’ ass before leaving.
Content warning for canon typical alcohol consumption.
Claire throws an arm around her shoulder and kisses her cheek. “No she doesn’t.”
She pitches her voice low and mimics him. "Hello, Claire." Goes back to her normal voice. "Would it kill you to just say hi?"
“Over and over announcing your place in the family of things.” his voice dips soft and low as he finishes.
"This is just to say. I have eaten the plums-" he slips pauses in between the words “-that were in the icebox.” breathes the beats “and which you were probably saving for breakfast.” puts emotions in the absence between words “Forgive me. They were delicious. So sweet, and so cold.”
Death reaches up and takes a handful of light from Cas’ halo. They hold it curiously in their hand, then blow on it, sending the light scattering like stars until it fills up the space with warm twinkling light. Cas watches for a moment before cautiously starting.
They continue walking. Meg is filling in Anna while holding her by the hand, then Anna to Balthazar, and on like a chain of monkeys and game of undead telephone in one.
He turns to a page midway through the book. Cas has underlined something here in blue pen. He runs his hand down the page to straighten out the spine and begins to read.
"Dean?" A whole question, a fondness, and an exasperation all at once. "Are you okay?"
"You don't have to stay here. Not here here-” He indicates the house. “-like the couch.” He pauses. “You don't have to stay here either." Frustrated, he rubs his face. "You know what I mean."
"What are you reading?"
Any other year, the geese would be returning home. The dial up modem song of red wing black birds would encircle the marsh. Above all, high and fine, the eternal chorus of the spring peeper and leopard frogs.
“Okay. Interesting pick.” Dean bumps his shoulder against Cas’. “I don’t usually go for musicals but Barbra Streisand is weirdly hot in this movie.”
Cas recalls the genesis. When God had separated from the darkness over the waters of what would become the earth. Castiel was watching with his siblings then, what would the other angels think if they could see their rebellious brother now? How many of them are here, and how many has Cas put there himself? Many have been here, long dead, before he fell on earth. Dead in holy wars. Almost all of them are dead now. All angels could be dead for all he knows. He can’t sense anything in heaven. Demons came here too, after their human souls were fractured and corrupted. Angels and demons lying down together. In peace.
“Anna?” He reaches out to her.
"Don't you dare fucking
He raises his arm. The next blow does not connect.
He had loved Lisa too, at least a little bit. At least for a while. She had represented safety and normalcy. A wife and son in a cookie cutter neighborhood that Sam wanted him to have. What the story called for. There was Cassie as well. Cassie had been amazing, made him feel safe, and didn’t think he was totally crazy for the whole hunter thing. But Dean was too committed to the life to consider giving up hunting even for her.
“Jack, you need to get out of here. You need to run!”
“Over the prairies and the deep trees, the mountains and the rivers. Meanwhile the wild geese, high in the clean blue air, are heading home again."
Below them the lake boils and hisses. They begin their steep and spiraling descent back to the earth. Dead trees rise up to meet them like jagged teeth. Cas brings Chuck’s body down on one like a great and terrible winged shrike.
“That I changed him, and he cared because of me, that he was happy just loving me.”
They had been at the county fair. Dean was carrying a huge stuffed bear that Cas had won on a test of strength. He didn’t even have to cheat, just dropped the hammer down and watched the bell clang at the top.
Every Tuesday, without fail, he leaves in the truck at four in the afternoon. He drives to the next big town over, sits in a tiny chair in the waiting room, and finally unburdens himself to a soft spoken man that owns a frankly alarming number of frumpy sweaters. Like so many. He makes a note of it every time and makes a graph.
He immediately texts Eileen.
Cas watches Dean stretch his limbs out. The first crop of white hairs on his head catch the sunlight. Dean's growing a beard and it's coming in red, brown, and black. It's trimmed and neat right now, just something he's trying. Cas is enjoying the different sensations of the beard vs just stubble. Dean would always be the brightest star in Cas' galaxy. But he shone a little brighter when allowed to revel in his own light.
Dean looks incredulous. “What?”
He isn't as practiced at reading aloud as Cas is. But he's feeling the poem. He carries on.
Dean got it. Or got it for about the hundredth time. “Yeah, okay. I love him. So what? I'm supposed to take him out on milkshake dates?"
In the mornings they lay together for a while. Neither one wants to be first to break apart and end the moment. But Dean is human and humans have to eat, and shower, and the glass of water that Cas has started carrying up the stairs at bed time has to go somewhere.
“Wait. I’m feeling something.” Jack says before flickering out and leaving Cas alone again.
"I hear you, but I don't look at your thoughts. And I never go to you, even when you scream. I don't want to make you uncomfortable."
“Hello, Sam.” Cas greets him, plucking the mug from Dean’s hand and carrying it to his coffee corner for a fill.
He shucks his light jacket and shoes in the utility room, putting everything in its spot. He quietly opens the dutch door to the kitchen. He can see that Sam and Dean are both asleep on the couch with their legs on the coffee table. He tucks a little styrofoam container with a pastrami sandwich and some cherry kugel into the fridge. Dean would be disappointed if he went out without bringing something home.
. He thinks
He must have absorbed all the power of the explosion. Had he been absorbing power this whole time? That had to be why he was able to get into the Empty, why he could beam prayers through to Cas.
“Goodbye, Dean.” Cas pushes him out of the way.
Dean washes dishes and Cas dries. He can tell Dean is thinking through something, as he often is. When Dean goes upstairs he follows. The heat of the day dissolves, as they sit in comfortable silence. The sound of crickets comes through the open window behind Dean’s bed. Dean starts laughing at something on his phone.
Cas watches this bittersweet thing come to an end. Watches from somewhere outside his body as Sam and Dean say their goodbyes, feels tears slip down his face unbidden. Jack puts his hand on Cas’ jacket sleeve and everything comes back into focus. Cas holds him, resting his chin on the top of his head.
Monster rehab is Sam's thing. Dean is supportive. It didn't seem right that they could work with angels, and demons, and vamps, and wolves, and not let them get a chance. They all went to the same place now anyway.
"So you were saying something about a dragon?"
Sam takes stock and assembles enough cups, plates, bowls, and utensils to cover a handful of people. Dean scrubs out the refrigerator. Then the cupboards and closets. Then all the wood floors. Cas finds some old floral sheets in the linen closet and tosses them over the curtain rods as makeshift curtains. At the thrift store they find a solid looking entertainment center for the TV from the Deancave, and a big pillowy soft fold out that is covered in royal blue flowers. It weighs so much even Cas complains. They have to take the front door off to get it inside. They finish by selecting two new chairs from La-Z-Boy that have a massage setting.
She signs and says stupid but she's beaming fondness from every pore.
Although Claire has seemed to forgive him, Cas knows it will take many more meals and talks to be on decent footing. He enjoys the time she allows them to spend together. He also enjoys her hustling Dean at cards if he is being honest with himself. It will take time. All they have now is time.
Across and beyond there’s a shed for storing road salt, an old railroad switch shack, some locked dumpsters. It's an empty place within an empty city. They’ve stopped here because Dean’s legs feel twitchy and he needs to move. He would have called on God right outside the bunker if he thought it was safe enough.
The brothers have decided it. In Jack they have found one last person to save. They pull into the bunker just to drop him off. There’s no reason to eat or change, they’ll go to their death in these clothes. At least they both get out of the car to see him off. Dean hugs him. Pats his back. One, two, three, release. Then Sam, a beat longer, the back pats softer.
Her voice shows she's becoming emotional. Like Dean she's hesitant to show it. She wipes quickly at the edge of her eye, catching a tear before it falls. Cas had been right to lump them both in together.
Later Dean carries an old shaker style wooden chair from the porch up to his bedroom for Cas. The lofted room has space for a bed, a night stand, lamps, and a long low bookshelf. He has a little table that slides over his bed to put his laptop on and watch movies. That leaves plenty of room for him to walk around. The chair goes into an empty corner. Dean drags an ancient TV tray next to it as well as a standing lamp, making a spot for Cas to read. As a finishing touch he sets a spare quilt on the chair.
“Yeah. Was it like a tunnel or-”
"Hiya, Cas." She lets him go. "Long time, no see. No Dean today?"
He stops multitasking and finishes texting Eileen.
“We have-” Jesus, Cas. He thinks looking at a six pack, a pitcher of lemonade, a pitcher of iced tea, a bottle of wine, some kind of craft soda, and carbonated water that Dean thinks is the nastiest thing he’s ever put in his mouth.
Cas comes in next. It is still slightly bizarre, even after several months, to see him standing there in a pink floyd hoodie, jeans, and rainbow socks. The outfit different but the essence of Cas the same.
Combing through Craigslist they find an ad way way back with a listing of an old farm house for rent. They drive past the outskirts of tiny Lebanon to find a small white house just on this side of habitable. The stand alone garage is circled by crab apple trees in full pink and white bloom and behind the house a scrubby prairie extends to the horizon with only a handful of ancient oaks visible. It sits on a parcel connected to a goat farm by a skinny dirt road. The rent is very cheap as the home has not seen care or updates for a long time. The owners meet them on the dilapidated wrap around porch. Some long ago farm wife had planted lilacs to one side of it but they haven’t yet come to season.
Always the right feeling, never the right time. Dean should know there was never going to be a right time anyway. At some point he thought they would tie up these last loose ends and be done. He was waiting for a moment when the world wasn’t ending and nobody was dying. That was their whole thing. Maybe, maybe, almost, just missed. Not yet, not yet, too late.
“This is my fault.” Sam blames himself since nobody else bothers to call it first. “We could have just given Chuck what he wanted. You know, his grand finale.” He spreads his arms wide, then drops them.
“See you around kid. Be good.” A teary Dean points at him like the child he could have been.
After Sam turns in for the night, Cas follows Dean upstairs to bed. They take turns awkwardly putting on pajamas and brushing their teeth in the half bathroom at the top of the stairs. Dean clicks on the lamp and settles in against the headboard humming with a low level of anticipatory anxiety. Cas is still standing near the foot of the bed.
"Come on, Jodio! We're gonna miss the party!" Donna's strong Minnesota accent precedes her through the door.
"You'll be okay. You can drive to Jody’s. We can leave a message, and when she gets back she'll help you. You can live a normal life, Jack." Says Dean ‘apple pie life is only for people who aren’t me’ Winchester. “We have to do this. We need one win.” A quick turn to look, his eyes flashing in the night.
He has said happiness is just in the being, and he means it. He knows he had been happiest just in that moment of telling Dean he loves him one last time.The Empty has taken him at his happiest moment. Cas has been in love for a very long time. He wonders why he’s awake again.
It was hot for June. All four of them are wearing shorts and have peeled back the layers to just t-shirts. Eileen and Cas walk in the front, having an animated conversation about whatever silly things their partners have done lately. Cas had just said ‘kissed...something something' and then 'too much’.
"You win. We're done. We'll do the prize fight." Dean takes a step closer. "But you gotta bring everyone back. All the people, all the birds, Cas.” he pauses for half a second. “You gotta bring him back."
“I’ll be around. I’ll be in every drop of falling rain, every speck of dust that the wind blows, in the sand, in the rocks, and in the sea.”
He found a spot not too far from the stage and stood with Sam.
“Cas, are you God?”
"I love you. I’m glad I exist."
He returns it in any way he can. A cup of coffee upon waking, strategy and knowledge borne of millions of years, a small touch to heal, fall from heaven and totally change his life. Act like the big things are small, and the smallest show of affection a big deal. Do the dance, perform the part, say just what he can get away with. Until he can’t. He never intends to be around to see any consequences. He deserves to be selfish sometimes too.
” He points. “Cas, hold my bear!”
Cas has never brought him water before. He usually just gets water from the bathroom sink if he wakes up thirsty or hot. He feels hot now. He drinks half of it in two big gulps to cool off. He indicates the vacant side of the bed.
Cas grabs two mugs for coffee. Dean’s says ‘bear hug in a mug’ and Cas’ has a big sunflower on it. It says ‘hello sunshine’ in a funky font. The cups nestle together in their dwelling place on the counter. The coffee gives off aromatic steam. Cas uses the slightest holy effort to send the smell upstairs to Dean. He takes his coffee black most days, while Cas likes to experiment with syrups, flavored beans, and other fun additives. He grabs his concoction in one hand and Dean’s cup in the other before ascending the stairs.
“You created me but you never made me." Cas tightens his grip on Chuck. "I did."
High above, three voices float through a night time breeze, calling.
Everyone starts laughing again. They stay late into the night until they feel safe to drive back to the bunker. Cas offers the fold out, but they want to get back so they can have breakfast with the girls in the morning. Cas wonders if all humans hug as much as the ones he knows. He hopes so.
Cas hasn’t thought about it this way, but that was in essence what he’s doing. For Sam, and Jack, and everyone else too, but he does have a bias. “Yes.”
Eileen does come for dinner. Unfortunately she beats Sam to the little house by a significant margin. When she knocks, Dean’s the only one home to answer the door. Dean has been practicing his ASL double time with Cas to prepare. He’s getting better, but learning a whole language takes time.
Her smile is broad and genuine when she turns it on him. "Yeah but it's more Kaia's dragon." She looks around and finds Kaia standing in another part of the room. "Hey, Special K! Come tell Cas about the dragon!"
"Maybe. Not everything I want to do. I'm enjoying the choice." To punctuate he takes Dean's hand. "I'm enjoying this."
Jack has squared up, his eyes glowing aggressively gold. Light and energy is seeping out of him and coursing from his hands. He's inching closer to Chuck. Preparing to grab him.
“I’m an angel, I have over ten thousand siblings.”
"G'night, angel."
Sam is calling Garth now. Hits voicemail. They walk three abreast down the road while Sam dials everyone in his contacts list. Nothing but recordings haunted by the voices of those they care about. Jack stops walking after a few blocks and stands in front of a building with a giant milkshake.
"We need blood. From whoever will be Cas' vessel."
Cas really looks at him. He’s in a matching pajama set with beige merino wool socks that Sam had bought him on their last trip to the Tractor Supply. The hair on the back of his head is slightly mussed. He looks so warmly and comfortingly himself after the long darkness. The Shadow wants to sleep, would it bother staying awake to torment him?
Donna sets down her wine glass a little over eagerly. “Except Sheriff lead foot forgot about her own speed trap and got us pulled over.”
Jack continues. “I’m not really leaving. I’ll always be as close as this.” he taps his chest with two fingers.”
“Okay. Would you - do you want a hug?”
"There wasn't. But...I have some of Cas' blood on my jacket." Dean doesn't know why he suddenly feels protective of it. "He uh, he drew a sigil and some of the blood got on me."
They look confused, then relieved.
“They tried. Their lives for the whole world. Chuck wouldn’t take the deal.”
God gasps and more tendrils of white light slip out of his body.
Sam sighs.
"Besides, I already forgave you. And I gave up mourning that future a long time ago. I like what I do. I have my sisters, my family, and a relationship I want to see grow. Jody isn't my mom either, but she takes care of me. That means something." She finishes.
For @wildwomanbluess on tumblr who inspired Cas enjoying a bubble bath.
“Come on in. If you like fixing things, I think you’ll like it.” The man winks. “There’s a loft upstairs and bedroom down here.” He indicates a short hallway off the living room. “Water’s from the well, good well. Got the septic done this year, no problems with the power even if the wiring is a little old…” his flat midwestern voice goes on in the background as the three look around.
He gives Jack a strong shove into Sam and Dean who grab him and pull him away. Cas tries to hold God back so they can escape. They stagger off into the distance. As they scurry out of sight, Cas focuses on Chuck.
“Is that me? Meg has disentangled herself from her angel companions. “Cas, I know we’re busy, but can we take a moment to psychoanalyze why this thing looks like me directly after we had our one and only make out session?”
That makes her laugh. Cas rolls his eyes even harder.
“Cassie.” Their small grouping gathers closer together, pressed in by the hum of other bodies in the dark.
"I said, I don't want to talk about it!" Loud but not yelling. Not yet.
“Dean, we’ll figure something out. We always do.”
In the next second Sam is there too, wrapping his arms around them both, followed by Jack. They stand there for a moment just breathing with each other.
At least therapy on Tuesday would be interesting.
"What will you do when they’re gone?"
“The chance of precipitation is only 10% for tomorrow.”
Cas reads a lot. Novels and biographies and snatches of poems. He likes the poems, likes the swirl of emotions he’s free to feel now. Fear of loss can become the exhilaration of finding. Revulsion turns to lust, despair to joy.
Cas has no idea what that means. When Meg realizes that she moves on.
Heaven is big enough, it's eternal enough. All the souls will just have to work out their conflicts in time. Jack will be busy, but he seems to take well to his new role. Maybe the paradise Cas saw before his birth was this.
He goes to the kitchen and rifles through the fridge. Not really hungry, but there's some chicken salad that needs to be finished. He uses the back of a spoon to smash it on a few slices of bread. He can hear the washer kick to life, the water filling it and then the sound of the spin cycle. The washer starts banging. He jumps. He forgot that it was out of balance and he meant to fix it. He can feel the panic and nausea bubbling up inside of him.
"Hello, Dean."
He sits in his straight backed chair, a book open on the bed, turning pages with his free hand. Letting the colors and emotions wash over him. He can feel Dean's mind reaching out for him and finding him, reaching out and finding, reaching out and finding. It was soothing for both of them and Cas finds himself drifting as well into his own version of sleep. Dreaming until the colors match.
“Sam!” Dean bellows from the front of the store.
Dean lets go. He looks sad. He glances from Jack to Sam to Cas. Puts his guard up and speaks indifferently. “You leaving too Cas?”
"Come on. Sack up Winchester! You tell that nerdy little angel that you're in love with him!" He tells his reflection before marching out of the bathroom.
“Why is Death here?”
“Yeah, yeah I’m fine.” Dean schools his face into reading as neutral. Bares his teeth in the simulation of a smile. “Let’s roll.”
He's asleep before Cas can ask. He doesn't take his hand away or shift in sleep as he normally would. Through their point of connection Cas can feel emotions and see them like the shifting colors of a kaleidoscope. This dream must be a good one, or as good as they get for Dean's mind. He is very careful not to push into the flow of Dean's thoughts. But for all the repression of Dean's waking mind, in sleep Castiel could read him from outside the house.
Dean’s sitting there now, gazing off in the middle distance. His leg bounces under the table displaying his anxious mood. Not having the constant threat of dying has made all of his thoughts pile up and threaten to hit him at once.
She smiles at his joke, setting down the juice and leaning down to give him a quick hug.
Deflection accepted.
"Could have fooled me."
It’s strange yet pleasant to see a familiar face here, after all this time. Things around them are starting to get heated. You can’t reanimate mortal enemies without some tension. They carry on laughing, and crying, and fighting in the background.
Dean laughs. “Okay man, I guess we’ll take it.”
“Simp.”
Dry, dry bones. Wandering through them Cas thinks of Ezekiel in the valley. Ezekiel speaks and a spirit enters the bones and brings them back to life. They become a great army and are led to the promised land. Certainly an angel can raise some old bones. He hopes he has enough time.
“I thought we had a deal.”
Sam rolls his eyes. “I’ll go get Jack. And some water for the dog.” He flips the license plate back over the closed gas cap with practiced fluidity and stalks off.
The atmosphere crackles and spits with electricity. High in the air, it lights the scene an unsettling blue. Strike after strike of lightning catching Cas’ body. Illuminating incorporeal wings. He can feel the blood still flowing from his face. He smells the sweet odor of flesh sizzling. His or Gods, he cannot tell.
He spends the rest of the afternoon enrapt in their conversation. They really have been busy. Claire is right, Kaia is smart, and thoughtful with questions, and kind. In the early evening he excuses himself to leave so he can help prepare for company later. Claire wraps him up in a big hug and Kaia does too. They look good together. He looks forward to seeing them again.
"He knows he shouldn't eat the plums, but he does it anyway." He smiles at Dean. "It's a very human thing."
"I don't want you to watch me sleep, man. But maybe you could just...keep me company. Bring your book and hang out." He leans forward and taps his finger on the cover of the book Cas put down.
She tells him, forcing her brows down to give him a look.
He’s brought a candle and he uses some long kitchen matches to light it. He sets it safely on the counter next to his mug of chamomile tea. He tosses a fluffy towel down on the floor in front of the tub. Settles a book, Dean’s copy of Sirens of Titan, on top of it. He stacks some soft sleep clothes on the counter opposite the candle. When everything is in place he finally sinks into the darkly hued water. He lets it ease aching gardening muscles, sticks his toes under the running tap, wiggles his body down under the water and lets out a deep sigh.
"He better." Dean kicks at one of the tires.
Short chapter. Content warning for mild gore and character death.
Cas is crying now too. He finds the more time he spends with humans, the more emotions just happen. Even without his bidding. His tears fall hot and wet into the collar of his shirt.
Whatever the Shadow is trying to go for, it doesn’t work. “Is that supposed to scare me? That meatsuit is old news.” Meg cracks a huge grin. “I’d like to introduce you to my new besties.”
Apparently that was the line to cross but Sam persists. “I don’t care if it is. Look around you man!”
When he gets selfish and greedy with looks or touches it's easy to walk it back or shrug it off. Put up that wall. Cas doesn’t get the reference, doesn’t get that staring that long means something, probably hugs Sam just as long. Telling himself Cas can't really love him back is a neat doublethink that helps him get to sleep at night. Something to hold, and know, and carry around but never fully acknowledge so he can put it down. Then he had to go and ruin it by naming it. By admitting he knew what Dean was doing.
“Yeah.” Dean finally manages to get out.
Sam nods and Dean is perfectly okay with getting away from those too wet eyes before the waterworks start. He makes his way across the paper cup and wrapper laden sidewalk to a bar.
"I'm good. Just thinking about breakfast. Anything tickling your fancy?"
She gives him a huge beaming smile, showing off her teeth.
“Jack! What is it?”
He does. All the time. The food in front of him at this moment means nothing. Sam hands him an onion ring and he eats it.
“Thanks. I’ll ask her to stop by sometime. Did I hear Donna and Jody are coming tonight?”
"I don't know how you angels do it. Jammed into another body is no way to live."
Dean steps into the garage with his green jacket over the shirts he slept in. The keys jingle in his hand as he starts the car. He says nothing.
Dean is already in the kitchen, digging through the cupboards and creating a grocery list. He sees the pizza box when Sam gets in and motions to it with a ‘gimme’ gesture. Sam rolls his eyes.
Purgatory is a bit of an old fashioned concept. Leviathans are one thing, but humans become monsters for a multitude of reasons. Same for demon deals. How do we atone for sins we don't know we’re committing?
"Hello, Claire."
“I’m going to kill God.”
He indicates the field that lay wide and wild behind the house.
"Hey."
Cas has found a few bookmarks by now, and slides one between the pages. "Poems. I find them very illuminating. Would you like me to read you one?"
“Bring back the people? What people?” Cas moves a step closer.
"No. You're not." Cas shuts the book. "I can tell your mind is preoccupied. Is this about the dreams?" He puts the book on the coffee table and faces forward.
"So...should we talk?" Dean plugs his phone in and sets it on his nightstand.
They walk off towards the Impala. They’re all healed but they constantly brush their shoulders and hands against one another as they walk. Subtly seeking the reassuring contact of the others as they guide each other over the rock and branch strewn ground.
Dean rolls to face him “Is this okay?”
Jack is buzzing with power from somewhere. With sudden clarity he can hear all of them praying now from the touch. Sam steady, a plea for any help that can be given. Jack a jumble of needing guidance and seeking answers. Cas feels the number and intensity of Dean’s prayers. Each one an arrow, piercing him until he is shot through with them like Saint Sebastian.
"Hmm. I need to return-" he lifts a slim volume from the stack. "-this book to the library. Afterward I'd be happy to join you."
"If it's okay, I'd really like you and Kaia to come to dinner."
A turn of phrase. Cas doesn’t even react. Dean moves on.
Being surrounded by earth with no windows no longer feels safe. It feels like being buried. And holy shit, how did they live underground for so long? How did they miss out on sunlight and breezes and the sound of other things, other people living and existing all around them?
“How do you know-” He sighs. “Nevermind.” he crosses to the armchair next to Sam and sits down. Takes a steadying breath. “I’m not sure I know how to do that. I never really got the opportunity, it was never the time.” he puts his head in his hands. Tries a different line of questioning. “How did you know you loved Eileen?”
"Yeah. I think so."
She asks.
"Did you want-” Dean clears his throat. “Did you want to say anything?" Dean feels his heart sink a bit. He tucks the notebook back under his pillow.
He’s in a conference room, then a cabin with a dirt floor, then the interior of flashing neon beer sign, then an outdoor amphitheater. It's Heaven. Heaven is nothing but a trunk of costumes to take on and off.
They need light, and air, and a chance to look at something that isn’t tile and concrete if they want to. They could just walk away and bury the key. They could do anything. They toss it into the glovebox of the Impala and decide to deal with it later. Sam intends to spend plenty of time there eventually. Cataloging, maintaining research, and “moving from monster hunting to monster healing”.
A handshake deal is made. They agree to the rent and plan to pay it with legit cash and not fake credit card money. Fuck the utilities though, fake is good enough for them. The Olson’s say it’s fine to use whatever furniture is left around the place as well as dishware and any towels the moths haven’t gotten to. Dean offers to play rock, paper, scissors for the loft but Sam lets him have it since the ceiling is so low.
He is an angel after all, and now he looks the part with his makeshift halo. The light hurts his eyes after so long in blackness. He pushes on anyway, expanding the light and taking his first look around.
“So what do you think, Cas?” Dean looks up from where Owen is showing him something on his phone.
Anna stares at them. “Is that a demon?”
"Cas told me he's in love with me."
Dean let's him go. No more tears. He’s made his choice.
“Yeah. I guess Chuck didn’t get everything.” Dean continues to the car, holding Miracle close to his body. “Maybe there’s people he missed, you know?” He can’t help but let some hope slip into his voice. “Either way, this guy’s coming home with us.”
At the end of the movie everyone is paired up, and there’s a big wedding of the red haired woman to the grumpy store owner who has become only slightly less grumpy over the course of the film. Their hands have slid more into Cas’ lap and Dean is dozing with his head on Cas’ shoulder. Cas shuts the laptop off and clicks it closed.
On that Cas agrees. This place is wrong. It was meant to be restful, not oppressive. The whole thing was a narrative mess, the Shadow a cheap imitation of the creator god.
“Stop!”
Cas feels a sudden burst of extra affection for Jack, settling down on his bed. The plan hasn’t worked. Cas hesitates at the edge. Would the spell be broken if he reaches out to Jack? Can he touch his hair, his face, try to sit beside him and pull him close?
"I love you, Cas."
“Meg, this is my sister, Anna.”
Sam rolls his eyes.
He takes up a spot near Anna. “Been a minute hasn’t it Anna?” He bumps her shoulder.
“They figured Jody would take care of me.” He shrugs again.
Cas gives him a look that says 'I smote God and could easily destroy you too'.
Sam smiles more. He and Cas have not always had the best relationship. That was an oversimplification but it was also the truth. Things had improved somewhat over the years. He really did mean it when he told Dean he had come to care about Sam. Plus Eileen had taken to him instantly. Possibly because he was easy for her to speak to being fluent in all human languages, but it went beyond that as well. It was nice to like and be liked just because. Not because she’s an ally to them or that she matters to someone he cares about. Those things are true as well, but she’s really just an organic friend.
Dean gives an annoyed half shrug but doesn't say anything else.
Dean feels stupid when his face heats. Cas is an angel at full power, he’s kinda stuck on earth right now, but he can fly anywhere. Dean thinks of volcanoes, the bottom of the ocean, the moon. Cas is powerful enough to check out any of those places whenever he wants to.
Cas does that too. Dean lays an arm across Cas’ body, curling under his arm and resting a hand on his shoulder blade. He lays his arm across Dean’s waist and rests his hand at the small of his back where his shirt had rolled up.
give up.”
“I have no idea what you want me to do with this information. You’re literally a demon.” Cas replies blankly.
Cas had seen Dean's soul in hell and wanted. Maybe not the way he wanted him now, but with a kind of longing to follow that soul and know it. Now he had the time. They had been through so much together. Stopped the apocalypse, more than once. Through heaven, purgatory, and hell. Their adoptive son was the spawn of Satan and literally God now. They lived together, hunted together, were closer than anyone Cas had ever known.
“We’ll miss you. I’ll miss you.” Cas already misses him so much, the potential of him.
As he brings his hands into fists, he gives a small shrug.
He tries music. He tries watching Tombstone or Die Hard on his laptop. He cracks open his porn collection and tries to distract himself. It doesn't work. He pulls his hand out of his pants and tosses the magazine back in its box. He takes a shower instead. Puts on soft sleeping shorts and shirt. Texts Sam just to check in, and gets a thumbs up reply.
“Cas?” Dean reaches out, but Cas is already gone. “Cas!”
Last he stops in Sam's room. From the doorway it was neat enough. Stepping inside reveals papers all over the desk, an overflowing trash can, dirty jogging clothes flung in the direction of where they should go. Dean picks them up between his finger and thumb and sets them into the nearly full basket pressed into his hip. He carries it down the hall, through the kitchen, and into the back room that doubles as laundry space and storage for shoes and outdoor gear. He shakes everything into the ancient washer and throws a scoop of the fancy earth friendly ‘free and clear’ soap that Sam buys on top.
Meanwhile the matchmaker is setting up the grumpy man's niece with her lover. Then his store clerks run off to the city because they’ve never been kissed. The whole thing seems like a mess to Castiel, but Dean’s watching and even laughing in some places.
Dean has turned back. Like Lot’s wife and Orpheus, and every beautiful human that has done the same before him. Cas would be overwhelmingly fond if he wasn’t being so reckless. He's running towards Cas but stops short, his body jolting before collapse.
Every evening, at five on the dot, Cas carries two drinks to the garage. Dean is inevitably working on the truck, or a tractor from next door, or a random lawnmower somebody was just going to throw away.
Cas nods. "I can relate." He thinks about Jack. "They've all turned out well." He thinks about Claire.
Sam rolls his eyes and walks off. He can't wait to move.
“Good. Would you uh,-” he motions for Cas to lay facing him.
They're nightmares. Dean knows he's having nightmares.  When he wakes up sweaty, his ears ringing, and his heart pounding, he knows it's not real. They're terrifying anyway.
"Do you think Jack will be alright?" Sam has gotten out and is sitting on the hood of the Impala.
Sam sits in one of the arm chairs while Dean paces the living room.
"You need my blood too. Nick used my blood." Jack uses a knife to prick his finger, and blots the blood onto Dean’s jacket. “It hurt.” His finger throbbed when he had cut it, but that’s not what he meant. “When the blood was burned, it hurt.”
Dean has been hypervigilant all day. He feels like a broken tooth with all his sore spots revealed. The county has a crew out filling potholes. It feels like an invasion of privacy. It was one of the last warm days at the beginning of September. The heat shimmering over the pavement, and the repetitive but unpatterned noise of the machines, combines into a perfect storm to make Dean feel like an itchy and irritated mess. A couple guys on an asphalt truck are not a threat. They even waved at him as he went out to get his tool box from the garage. It didn't make the tense feeling go away.
“Yes." Cas shrugs. "I killed you.”
“Dry bones, hear my word.” And for good measure, “Please, please help me.”
“Of course, wet jeans are the worst.” Jody is trying to hold in a laugh as she speaks. “And it’s an old neglected boat launch right outside of town. So we decided to just strip down to our skivvies and drive home on back roads.”
Sam is crying. He reaches his long arms out and wraps Jack in a huge hug. “Bye, Jack.” He releases him so Dean can step up and give him the same treatment.
“I don’t know what that deputy thought when he saw us, but she let us go and never said anything about it when I saw her on Monday.”
This is goodbye.
"It does smell very good, Dean."
“I feel terrific.” Dean replies, rolling away from his brother’s feet. They are blue and ivory.
"Claire. I'm so sorry. Taking your father as my vessel is still the biggest regret of my life. But-"
In response Cas lets his grace shine through his eyes and displays his wings. As whole as when he was made. “Not quite.”
"Just Sam being Sam. Don't worry about it."
When they get home, Dean is in the kitchen wearing his apron and slicing fresh bread. The sight is warm and inviting. The transubstantiation of yeast, flour, and water into bread is Cas’ favorite kind of magic.
Thankfully that’s when Cas wings in and distracts them from continuing this conversation. He lands somewhere in the laundry room and Dean can hear him kicking his shoes off.
“Hey. Are you alright?” He looks into Jack’s eyes and softens his face.
Yes, I listen to and love the farm report on my local radio station. Shout out to Pam Jahnke, keep up the good work.
Eileen makes a sign like she’s squeezing someone in a shoulder massage.
“It’s perfect.”
Dean is standing at the bar with an untouched glass in his hand. Half eaten food is scattered all around them. Tipped over bottles have dripped beer on the carpet and the whole place reeks of it. A football game doesn’t play on the TV.
"Tell me about despair, yours, and I will tell you mine. Meanwhile the world goes on. Meanwhile the sun and the clear pebbles of the rain are moving across the landscapes.”
It’s a start.
“Holy shit. I uh...okay. Gonna go change."
Then there’s Cas. Pull his soul out of hell, fall from heaven (fall for him), kill his kith and kin for the Winchesters, Cas. So he’s in love. So what? What’s he supposed to do, tell him? That would be stupid. It would be reckless, and show way too much weakness. Admitting the reality of what enemies have always teased. Putting Cas in the same category as any of his other found family keeps him close but safe. After all that, what is love? A liability mostly. It's better to call him buddy, and his best friend, and give him just enough affection to keep him around.
Dean licks his lips. Nods once. Nods a few more times.
“No. Coffee.” Cas lies. “Is it working?”
In that thought there is the seed of a plan still. If Chuck is forcing their hand then they can play along this time. They can make it right. Sam catches Dean’s eye. Says it again, watching realization cross his brother’s face. Dean puts the beer down, fights the urge to throw a few bills down on the bar top. Nobody’s there to take them anyway. Jack seems disturbed but follows when they head back to the Impala.
They chatter nervously. There is so much they want to talk through but they have to finish this quest first. Sam and Dean stand on the strip of sandy beach with their backs to the Impala, staring out over the jade water. Jack sits in the back seat with Cas.
Dean stops the movement of his hand. He’s not only twitchy, but irritated.
He disentangles himself from Dean, rolling the table away and pulling the blankets over Dean’s prone body. He takes his place in the chair but allows himself to lean forward and put his folded arms on the bed. Then his head on top of them. He is technically watching Dean sleep but he’d never know about it.
Dean excuses himself to the bathroom to pee, and splash water on his face. What was he doing? Cas loves him. He loves Cas. Everyone was cool, things were safe. They had literally cuddled at night for a month. He was pretty sure the world wouldn't end if he finally said it out loud. He stared at himself in the mirror.
"You were saying?"
He does.
The darkness shifts and Cas sits up. In the time it takes to move his body, water slowly drips from the ceiling of a cave somewhere to form a stalagmite as thick as a #2 pencil. The next millenia he stands up. Time is strange here, but time has been strange for him since he spent more of it with humans. Once he could sit and watch the same thing for eons without even thinking of doing something else.
Rowena releases human souls from hell. She releases the demons too without much fuss. Telling them she just can't say no to Jack’s face. She puts down the crown of hell, her search for power never as fruitful as she thought it would be. Maybe she’ll make up with Crowley.
“You will never hurt me again.”
Jack retreats inside, locks the doors, seals up all the rooms but his own. Nobody will eat the food in the kitchen or sleep in the beds anymore. If their plan works, everything here will stay as they left it. He straightens up the library and clears the tables. He turns off the lights in the bunker. He puts on his pajamas. He thinks of his fathers.
Dean has a hard time with it. He goes on long drives to nowhere in the impala, laying out on the hood to watch the stars. Practices guitar on the front porch for hours. Playing until his fingers are sore and cramped. He takes his pistols to the gun range in the bunker once but it doesn't feel right.
He tries buying all of Sam’s favorite snacks and stashing them in the cupboard. Makes him fancy brussels sprouts from an internet recipe. Lets him pick the movies they watch together. Says Eileen can come over whenever she wants. Tries to be the good brother. He knows it won’t convince Sam to stay in the little house but he tries anyway.
They sit silently. There’s three of them left in the whole world. Jack is a nephil. Who knows if he can
In the twilight, figures pass by, close enough to brush his body. In front of Cas, a golden seam comes open. Through the slimmest crack he can see something beyond. He reaches his hand through it and another hand pulls him from the other side, closing the rift.
"I was going to take the old stove to the recycling center next town over tomorrow. D'you wanna come?" Dean was hoping he would at least help him load the thing in the truck. It seemed to weigh a million pounds.
Sam makes it around the corner first, followed by Jack sprinting after. Their feet slide in the gravel of the parking lot. Dean is leaning full bodied against the open door of the Impala. His hands are clasped on the roof and he’s looking over an empty field with nothing but an ‘Eat plants!’ billboard for the farm stand next door in it. The dog is missing.
"Oh. We're having this conversation now. Like now, now. Hold on."
Cas regards him. The breakfast is a deflection but he goes along with it. Dean likes waffles, Cas likes waffles.
"Don't mention it."
"I'm gonna go upstairs. Would you-"
“It is, Sam. I think everyone’s gone.”
The Empty is full of the bones of everything it has eaten. As Cas wanders around he sees them lying there in the fractured thousands under all the muck. He wonders if he will recognize anyone if he manages to stumble on them. Would seeing the skull of Gabriel impress on him the same way as Hamlet seeing the skull of Horatio?
“Because it is.”
She has been to the house before, staying for movie nights and just hanging out while they all went about their new lives. But not on an official dinner invite. They’re all friends. But things were clearly getting serious between her and Sam. So it was formal.
"How's Claire?"
“You okay?” the upside down image of Sam asks.
"Dude, you gotta shower first." Dean wrinkles his nose. "You stink!"
Jack says nothing. Sam reaches out and puts a hand on his shoulder. He wants to comfort Jack, he wants to comfort Dean. He lost someone too, a long time friend and ally, but it feels like he’s third wheeling on someone else’s grief whenever he looks at these two.
Dean's busy making moon eyes at him and doesn't realize he's stopped talking. Or that he's holding Dean's poetry notebook.
Sam rolls his eyes and walks off. He can't wait to move.
Cas leans toward him “I already did.”
Dean is bristling and on edge but Cas carries on.
Maybe he can't directly talk about Lucifer or hell trauma but he talks about being a kid who felt like he never got to be a kid. Who was mad at his brother for the time he got to spend with two parents who loved him even if they ended up being horrible in the end. How he wasn’t really mad at him for it all, he was mad at his dad for putting all that protective bullshit on a kid. What that meant now, when that kid was a man who couldn’t stop following that order.
Dean paces in and out of the streaming headlights. "Yeah. He's...a real good kid. He never deserved any of this bullshit. Maybe it’s not too late to get a chance at what we never had.” Dean crosses his arms. "If God ever answers our calls."
Several sets of eyes roll at that. They don’t know what’s good for them anyway.
Billie is reinstated as Death officially. They are happy to preside over their fleet of reapers, to tend to their duty, and not be an enemy. They are sure to make it known that they are not making anymore deals. A soul becomes untethered, they bring it here, that’s it. Reincarnation is for another department.
“Why does this sound like a goodbye?” Dean can’t seem to shift the lump in his throat.
The nights have gotten cooler while the days stay hot. They no longer crack the window before bed. Cas unfolds the quilt and settles it over his legs. He doesn't get cold, but it feels nice anyway. "I'll help. I'm not busy."
Sam comes in one morning, a week later, after staying the night at Eileen's. Dean and Cas are sitting on the couch, Cas with his legs over Dean's lap. They're sharing a cup of coffee while Dean scrolls on his phone and drags his thumb over the bottom of Cas' foot over and over.
Cas draws out the syllables, lovingly enunciating every word. They’re beautiful and the next part is his favorite, the images of flying and coming home to rest.
Sound drifts in from the rest of the house. Dean washing the dishes, singing to the record player, the creak of him settling into one of the recliners. High and reedy he can just make out the theremin title music of Star Trek. He settles his head against another towel he had folded for just this purpose. He picks up the book from the floor and lets it flop open, the spine long cracked.
Dean’s shoulders stiffen. “Chuck.” Avoiding Sam’s hand, he slides in and closes the door behind him. “Let’s go.”
Death is pounding at the door. That’s not new. The fact that it's the literal death
"Maybe we'll finally retire." She laughs. "But I doubt it."
If anyone has a reaction to him calling Cas his, they don’t show it. Dean feels his face heat again but pushes on. “No, really. I like her.”
They don’t take many things from the bunker. Those things were never theirs despite their status as legacies and the only known remaining Men of Letters in the States. They take the table from the library with their initials carved into it. Dean’s record player goes, as well as the half dozen red rimmed stoneware cups that Sam likes, their memory foam beds (they remember them!) and all the Oz books. Cas takes one look at Dean’s marked shoulder and follows him out the door. He’s already claimed what he wants.
Sweat began to bead on Cas’ forehead and chest, he wipes it away absently before turning a page. This book was supposed to be about free will so he had made a point to read this one first from the pile of Vonnegut novels Dean has pushed at him. He leisurely flicks through the pages, letting the water lapping at the sides of the tub, warm tea, and the flickering flame of the candle lull him into peaceful contemplation.
"Mmm. Human, huh?" Half foggy with impending sleep, Dean interjects. "I like it. The plums are good, he doesn't regret enjoying them but he's sorry anyway."
“Yeah. I also think Dean’ll throw up.”
He lets the thoughts gush out until he is laughing and sobbing at the relief. Until he is dripping tears and snot down his face, and his therapist with the ugly sweaters is handing him a box of tissues. It's hard work but he does feel better after a few times of going.
"What was that about?" Cas sets the cup of coffee in front of Dean and pulls a chair close enough their legs can touch.
“Where?” Sam has pushed himself up from the ground with a groan, even though his injuries have vanished.
Pressing it to his nose he inhales the smell of mint and some sharp citrus like notes. He unwraps it from the paper bag it came in. The bath bar is deep deep purple and shimmers in the golden glow of the bathroom lights. It's meant to look like the surface of the moon and Cas puts his fingers into one of the crater holes, the bar crumbling a little under the pressure. It releases a plume of byzantium purple dust that smells like eucalyptus. He lets it slide gently beneath the rising water in the tub where it bubble and fizzes.
In a blink they’ve ascended again. They close everything up. Heaven, hell, purgatory, the Empty. It takes a lot of long and drawn out meetings. Back in the heavenly amphitheater Amara stretches, twists her arms, cracks her neck.
She curls her thumb against her mouth and brushes her hand next to her mouth.
“Aww, that never mattered to you before, hot lips.”
Dean watches Sam fumble for his phone and dial a number. He stands with the phone pressed to his ear. With no other sounds of life, Dean can hear Jody’s voicemail even from several feet away as he walks to Jack.
The lamp throws a golden glow across the room. Cas has selected what he thinks is enough books for the night. He considers the bookshelf in the opposite corner as well with Dean’s books on it, there as a back up if needed.
Eileen is still laughing when Sam comes in. Cas taps her hand where it lays on the table and points to him. She looks back and they smile all gooey at each other. He crosses the room and kisses her, nearly dropping what he’s holding. Dean thinks for a moment he feels Cas’ hand squeeze his leg, but when he looks over it's just Cas sitting there staring at him like always.
Sam is fresh out of a post run shower. He’s putting his socks on with one hand and texting Eileen with the other. The socks have a cartoon beaver on them with a speech bubble saying ‘Wood you be so kind?’. Cas gave them to him.
“Yeah.” Sam relaxes a bit and carries his pizza to the table. "It's going well."
“No. Cas is...not here. There’s something else.”
This is where it ends, and hopefully begins. Chuck will come for them, they’re sure of it. All they have to do is wait. They take turns sitting in the Impala and stretching their legs. At nearly two in the afternoon, the sun casts the shadows of the trees over the placid ripples of the lake.
he looks at Eileen teaching the sign
He thinks back on the parenting books and his one psych credit from a lifetime ago at college. They really did not prepare him for being the adoptive parent of a nephil. He keeps his hand on Jack’s shoulder. He goes on anyway.
Dean throws his arm around Cas’ shoulders as he laughs. Eileen sticks her tongue out at him. Sam resigns himself right there to a life of this.
Her two fingers landing on her palm, she grins wickedly.
Sam accepts and the rest of the tension drains out of the room. Another moment lived through. They eat pizza. Cas has a slice. Decides he likes beets. They're earthy and sweet.
After the fairway lights came on, they reconnected and found a grassy spot on a slope, away from foot traffic. Eileen, never one to be outdone, had won Sam three giant stuffed animals. They all use one for a pillow to look up and watch the ferris wheel and other towering machinery glow.
“Hi, I’m Meg. I’m a demon.” She sticks out her hand. “We can’t all be perfect. But it looks like you are.” Meg winks.
Dean looks small, leaning against the banister of the staircase. His robe hangs open to show his bare lower legs, somehow making him more vulnerable.
"I'm not really tired. Do you want to watch a movie? If you just want to read, that's fine too."
"Uh, sure. I guess. I haven't really read any since maybe high school." Dean sits up a little more, pausing his video.
that old plotline.”
Cas works his way up the stairs. At the top is a small bathroom opposite what would be considered a walk in closet if they were all half a foot shorter. He continues his examination of the little house, noting the anachronisms like having a washer and no dryer, the shelves of jars on the cellar shelves.
With that she's gone. Cas sits down at an empty place away from the action and takes out his phone.
Dean has met people who have loved angels, angels who have loved humans (sometimes to the point of obsession), people who have settled down with hunters, people who have gotten out of the life. He had his flings with nameless and countless humans, an angel, literal monsters. He had his little foxhole affair with Benny. Slept with Lee the first time at seventeen, and then twenty some years later for the last time before killing him. He had loved him somewhat. In the way he always loves anyone that can maybe understand him, and tolerate him for more than five minutes.
“I don’t want you to do this.” Jack says softly.
“This is cruel. Even for you.” Cas keeps his distance from the Shadow.
” Eileen circles the letter O around her forehead.
“I need to find Death so that we can all get out of here. This is not what the afterlife is supposed to be. The Shadow has distorted everything.” He gestures broadly. “Take a look around. That’s why everything is so dark."
Sam is running things that day. Eileen met them there, and is sitting next to him with her feet up on the table laughing at something. Sam is invaluable at directing even if being the leader still feels like something he will never get used to. He has his laptop set up and keeps everything organized in spreadsheets. Sorted by name, blood type, purpose of blood usage, and if they tended to be a fainter.
"They have very well reviewed banana nutella crepes." He says as if it's normal. As if they lay all over each other like this every day.
Cas rolls his eyes.
She pulls her brows down and her lips together.
In the afternoon he feels better. The washer has stopped so he hangs the clothes to dry in the breeze. Outside it has gone quiet again. Or the normal level of quiet. Birds sing from the trees, warning of the sun going down soon. Noises of feeding time drift from the neighbor’s farm. He throws the towels over the line and steps back inside. He tosses the remains of his earlier sandwich in the compost bucket and sets his mind on dinner.
The diversion has given the Winchesters time to stand up. They’re ready to exit, that was the plan. Cas has to stay and fight. They should be getting in the car. They should be leaving.
"Hey, Cas. Got any poems in there?"
Dean picks up the empty mug in front of him and aims to throw it at Sam when Cas comes into the kitchen.
“No. I can’t.” He folds his legs up underneath his body. “I don't think it would help even if I could.”
There seems to be several different things all happening at once. The red head is a matchmaker but maybe not a very good one. She’s trying to marry a very cantankerous man who owns a store. He doesn’t seem to like her and spends most of the movie trying to get her to set him up with someone else. Also the costumes are inaccurate. Cas knows from experience.
"Sam will be fine. And you will too." Cas squeezes Dean's hand. "You should talk to him."
Everyone starts laughing again. They stay late into the night until they feel safe to drive back to the bunker. Cas wonders if all humans hug as much as the ones he knows. He hopes so.
“It's a good thing you're pretty. Cause dude…”
Eileen pulls a grossed out face. “
"I never was very good at doing what I was supposed to." He shrugs and starts again. "I wanted to say, it's also what gave me a chance at life. Although it ruined yours. I ruined your future."
A trip to the store was definitely in the future. They have some things laying around. Staples like rice, canned beans, tomato sauce, spices. Cas had pulled a handful of early squash out of the garden the day before. Dean split them, cleaned out the interior, rubs them with oil and a sprinkle of seasoning salt, then sets them in the oven to roast. While that bakes he cooks the rice. He combines it with drained chickpeas, tomato sauce, garlic, basil, oregano, and rosemary. The herbs come fresh from Cas’ garden. He finds a speck of parmesan cheese hiding in a drawer of the fridge and grates that in too with a handful of toasted bread crumbs.
” Cas shrugs.
” Eileen grins.
The door to the gas station is open and the coolers are still running. Sam relaxes a bit once he’s out of Dean’s sight. If he knows his brother he’s on step three of his grieving process. Step one is to drink heavily. Drinking is part of the other steps too, but not in the same quantities. Step two is a whirlwind physical meltdown with the collateral damage being anything in reach. This has included their phones, computers, the Impala, important files for a case, the entire interior of motel rooms that they never really pay for, and once a bottle of cologne Sam had left out in a bathroom. It soaked into their duffle bags. They had to ride around with the windows down in a midwestern February because it still stank up all their clothes. Even after putting them through all the wash cycles they could afford at the laundromat.
Sam sits slightly hunched over. He almost has to, to sit in a vehicle where the seat was not adjustable at all. He looks at Cas tucked in against the door. He looks like any other guy in his Lebanon public library t-shirt with somebody’s flannel thrown over it. Like he hasn’t killed God in this calendar year. Like he wasn’t still a highly powerful celestial being. But he was the same Cas, worrying about Dean.
There must be a plan. There have been so few times in all the years he has known them that there isn’t some plan to follow, even if it is a terrible one. Even if it means death and destruction.
They’re the only three left. When Dean comes rolling up, bloody handprint still on his jacket, they tell him that nobody has been saved. Nobody was on the road there either. Cas has sacrificed himself to save this empty earth. Dean thinks that he couldn’t summon one more tear even if he wanted to. He very much does not want to.
Cas looks as neat and normal as ever, except for the red line of love bites peeking just over the curve of his collar like a necklace.
So Cas joins him, buckling himself in and nestling against the door panel.
"Maybe? I don't know Dean, he'd probably go if you asked.”
Dean thinks he looks sad. He thinks about reaching out to him. He lifts his chin and sets that down in his hands instead.
Cas thinks.
He caught up with Cas and Eileen, smacking his hand down on their shoulders.
It's Sam that eventually heads toward the bedrooms. He takes a long shower. Washes, and conditions, and dries his hair even though he really didn’t need to. Finds comfort in going through a list of familiar tasks. Zones in and out brushing his teeth. Doesn’t realize he’s been at it for way longer than two minutes until he tastes blood in his mouth. He’s going through the motions of getting ready for bed. There is no tiredness in him now. His alarm clock tells him it's late but there’s no way to tell in the bunker. They did what they could tonight. Tomorrow he'll hit the books. There has to be something else they can try if the usual self-sacrifice didn't work. He attempts to clear his mind and go to sleep.
Cas pushes against the force, taking halting steps forward, standing firm as Chuck tries again and again.
“How’s it going, angel?”
Frenemies maybe.
“I want to stay.”
As his breathing changes, Cas opens his book and starts to read. The room is quiet and Dean is still. He wakes with a gasp once, following the light to where Cas is sitting, looks at him for a moment as his breathing slows, and puts his head back down. He sleeps peacefully without dreaming the rest of the night.
“What do you
Every time he thinks it, he feels lighter. He carries that one thought for what feels like days. It may be minutes or years later when he tries to speak.
It makes sense to Cas. Why he runs off to the city. Why he is willing to give up everything. He's in love. As the clerk sings to the hatmaker he stops in front of a fountain. The other people in the park begin to sing too, and then the camera pans to the woman while she sings:
Dean looks into the living room and can imagine sitting in front of a nice TV with the wood stove in the back going hot and strong. Two armchairs lined up against the half wall between the living room and kitchen, a pull out couch opposite for guests. On the other side the kitchen was open with miles of counter space for every gadget and some left over for rolling out dough or laying out a huge cutting board.
Cas snatches up his book and lifts up the wooden chair. He relocates it to the side of Dean's bed, angling himself so he can see the screen. Dean clickes play and a video of a goat making a noise like a human yelling starts playing. Cas doesn't really get it but he smiles when it makes Dean laugh.
No one else is there. The sobs must come from him. He’s screaming for Cas and not realizing. Screaming until his throat is raw, and his voice hoarse. He feels like a shattered piece of glass. He reaches up and his cheeks are wet and his face is hot. Dean remains on the floor.
"Poetry through all of human history? Somewhat." Cas supplies thoughtfully.
He spends hours laying in the field out back until dark. There's a little clearing there. The buried foundation of a cabin, or maybe an old septic tank. Clover and short grass grow over it. It's small enough one of the quilts from the house covers the whole thing, but the surrounding plants make him invisible. He lays there memorizing every inch of the Smith Center map on Google. He reads and rereads Vonnegut novels, Cas' arctic exploration book, a pulpy western that’s good in a trashy way.
And Cas had said:
Somehow they laugh.
Dean is studious with his attention, his eyes following the movement of Cas trailing his finger along the words. Cas could probably recite it without the book at all. He has a very good memory.
. The pounding continues on, carrying through, and rolling over the shelves and boxes. Soon the door will break and this unending moment will be over.
"Cas." A warning.
“So how did everyone get out of the Empty anyway?” Dean asks as they pick their way along.
Cas sinks deeper into the couch, letting Dean run his blunt nails over his scalp. Maybe in a bit he’ll put some lotion, then socks on his feet. Maybe Dean will fall asleep like this. Maybe they’ll take their coffee outside to watch the stars. Dean stretches his arm across Cas’ body and slots their fingers together.
Sam comes through the kitchen door first. "Dude, it smells amazing in here! What are you making?" He tries to peek through the oven door but Dean shoos him away.
Cas fills two mugs with coffee. During his heavenly power up he had reacquired the enjoyment of taste. He has his own corner of the counter with a little sugar bowl, frothing gadget, french press, a little tray to hold it all that has a bee pattern. Humans will hear you mention your interest in something once, and give you gifts related to that thing forever. Cas finds it very charming. Dean made him a sign that says ‘Cas’ coffee corner’ and he finds that charming too.
"You rang?" Chuck appears nonchalant in his sports coat, standing in front of the salt shed.
Dean nods to Cas. “I’ve got my own sign language dictionary to practice with.”
Chuck gives up on shoving him with his powers and decides to get his hands dirty. He strikes out at Cas with his fists, connecting solidly with his nose and upper lip. It splits where it presses against his teeth. Blood drips down his chin, he can taste it hot and coppery in his mouth.
"I never wanted this for you. You should have had a normal life.”
He throws the sunflower colored afghan from the couch over Sam after nudging his legs to the floor. The last time one of them fell asleep that way, their back protested all day long. Dean is groggy and clings to him as he pushes him upstairs. Half awake, Dean steps out of his jeans and wiggles down under the blanket. Cas goes through his usual routine of turning on the lamp, checking that their phones are plugged in, and settling down in his spot for the night. Dean relaxes into bed on his stomach with his face smashed into his pillow.
"I love you, Dean." Cas takes both of Dean’s hands. "I want to kiss you."
"They have very well reviewed banana nutella crepes." Cas says, as if it's normal. As if they lay all over each other like this every day.
"And that orange, it made me so happy, as ordinary things often do just lately. The shopping. A walk in the park. This is peace and contentment. It’s new."
He faces Jack in the back seat where he’s tucked in amongst the plastic bags from the gas station and Sam’s shrugged off coat. Talks about what he felt and if there might be anyone else left out there. The two talk in low voices to one another for a few hours, the thread of conversation stretching out through the evening. They’re both tense and tired with their autonomaton driver but find a slight comfort between them too. Eventually Jack puts his head against the window and at least pretends to be asleep. His tired mind pinging Cas unintentionally.
“When you go, you won’t be able to return more than once.”
The chair stays in it's new spot. The bed gets pushed just slightly more to the right to make room, the tv tray is replaced by a small table with a side basket for books or magazines. A new ritual begins. They talk more and Dean shows more videos on his phone. They play Dean's records, or he pulls up things on his laptop to show Cas. Plans for repairs to the house, or other project blueprints. When it gets late and he's too tired to talk, Dean will watch things quietly by himself. Cas can hear the scrape of metal from one of the restoration videos he tends to favor, but he can also feel Dean looking at him.
"You have your own room! Eileen can move in here if she wants to."
“Do they have a plan?”
“It’s okay. I’m not human. Maybe this is normal for me.” He shrugs. “We’ll figure it out together. But right now we’re kind of needed, back downstairs.”
He takes the olive branch.
hangs unsaid in the air. Maybe Jack really is a Winchester after all.
this time?” Dean signs pizza by miming a piece of pizza coming to his mouth, with thumb facing up. Like Cas showed him.
Donna tells them about a recent fishing trip. They had overturned their canoe on accident.
They walk through the parting crowd, angels and demons that know him or have heard of him whispering his name and reaching out to touch him. Like they can’t believe he’s real. He draws a crowd as moths to a flame, being the only source of light. A shocked redheaded face steps out of the mix.
Step three is pushing everything down and trying to carry on like nothing happened. This is the time he’s most likely to say he just wants to work a case and snub any of Sam's attempts to talk about whatever traumatic thing has happened this week. After that he will slink off like a dying dog and have another breakdown by himself. It’s like rebreaking a bone to set it. Then he’s usually pretty good for a while until he needs to repeat the cycle all over again. Sometimes Sam thinks it would be nice to be able to feel his own emotions without having to vicariously feel whatever Dean is pretending he doesn’t have going on.
“You three. You know, eternal suffering sounds good on paper, but as a viewing experience it’s just kind of eh.” His half shrug and half smirk match. “We’re done. I’m cancelling your show.”
"The rest of the day was quite easy. I did all the jobs on my list. And enjoyed them and had some time over." Cas is right there next to him. He can do it. He takes a deep breath and finishes the poem.
“They left you alone?”
"You couldn't know."
Cas focuses all of his force and power into destroying his father down to cells. Shoving him down and collapsing him like pressure making a diamond. He can feel when life finally flows out of him, and hopes Death will reap him and not allow return.
.” Cas deadpans.
Dean grips him tightly. Jack isn’t leaving by choice, he’s not leaving at all. He’s temporarily relocating to another temporal realm. It just feels like he’s leaving forever.
“Of course, wet jeans are the worst.” Jody is trying to hold in a laugh as she speaks. “And it’s an old neglected boat launch right outside of town. So we decided to just strip down to our skivvies and drive home on back roads.”
"Cas told me he's in love with me."
“Do you want something to
“Everyone. There’s only Sam, Dean, and me left.” His feet shuffle on the floor that is not really the floor. “Sam and I tried to save some of the others while you were with Dean. But Chuck made them all disappear.”
He's lost track of how many times he'd asked and been asked that question in the last few months. How often he's found it the most important life line.
When Dean finally exits the car he realizes he has been pushing everything down so hard that he’s suddenly hit with an extreme need to pee. Then he needs to eat something, and if he’s feeling kind to himself, maybe have some water for the headache that’s been following him over the miles. But first to pee.
Dean yanks him in, nearly knocking the breath out of him in his need to have Cas in his arms. His eyes are prickling.
Dean feels deeply embarrassed by what he's about to say but he's tired enough to do it anyway.
"And you did protect him. So many times you sacrificed for him. But Dean, you don't have to do it anymore. You're both safe."
Sam is fresh out of a post run shower. He’s putting his socks on with one hand and texting Eileen with the other. The socks have a cartoon beaver on them with a speech bubble saying ‘Wood you be so kind?’. Cas gave them to him.
Sam chokes on a bite of chickpea and has to take several sips of water to dislodge it. Cas pats his back looking concerned. He glares at Dean.
Jack appears to look at him, still going in and out of focus.
“It was nothing like the
Jack wakes with a gasp, his hand shooting out where Cas had been sitting. Dean slams on the brakes with both feet.
"Are you guys-"
The Shadow shifts. Looks like Crowley now, then Lucifer, then Azazel, and back to Crowley. “I can be anything.”
“I am Castiel.” he dryly whispers to himself. That isn’t quite right. “I’m Cas.” Much better.
When Cas was "sleeping" on the couch he had the front closet for his things. A dresser is relocated and jammed in under the shelf that was already there. He doesn't sweat and he can grace clean his clothes, but for the comfort of the other two he will occasionally toss clothes into the basket in the downstairs bathroom. Dean dumps a pair of cargo shorts, Margiekugels bee shirt, and some cactus print socks into the combined laundry pile.
Cas lays on the couch with a sunflower gold afghan over his legs. He can hear Dean settling into bed upstairs in the loft. Sam is wrapping up some work on his laptop, Cas hears his fingers pause over the keys. Too soon the small indignities of the morning alarm clock would sound but in this space there is rest. Cas doesn’t sleep but he can “dream” if he rests.
“What other choice do we have?” Choices, choices. Here they are banging their heads against free will again. “Maybe we
In the night Dean reaches out to the space where Cas’ body had been. Finding it empty, he wakes. “Cas?” He sits up in bed, sleep groggy. “Come back to bed.”
“Balthazar.”
Golden light comes in from a dozen open windows, the smell of turned earth is drifting in. Dean and Sam are smiling and having a non hunting related conversation in the kitchen. He has been in relatively few houses to make the call, but he thinks he likes this one best.
“Think they’ll win?”
Cas had found a long list of human hobbies online and was going through them one by one. He found fabric crafts to be practical and it was easy to lose track of time knitting row after row. He liked just doing things without having to be good at them at all.
“Yes.” he keeps his voice even. Doesn’t want Dean to spook.
“The Empty isn’t really a place, not like earth is a place, it’s metaphysical.”
a vessel for an angel. Sam still remembers his time as an unknowing host to an angel, the thought of doing it even for Cas makes his guts twist and sweat break out.
Dean smiles back. He beckons Cas to come closer as the music starts again. Cas nestles his knitting back into a bag and carefully tucks away yarn and needles. He takes Dean’s offered hand and is pulled in for a kiss. Dean holds him and they sway to Hank Williams singing Hey Good Lookin’. They twirl and dip each other, laughing and kissing through the short song. When it ends, Dean clicks off the radio and drops the hood of the truck. They walk hand in hand back to the house.
Dean drinks. He easily puts back the six pack stashed in the bunker fridge. Then he starts on whiskey. Finally, whatever dregs of rum and brandy and who knows what else sit neglected in the bar off the library are consumed. He thinks about breaking into the cheap vodka they use as an emergency wound cleaner but that would be too far to walk. He lets the bottles pile up on the table by his laptop. Lets them cover the initials carved there so he doesn’t have to look. Thinks about formulating a plan to kill God, to really kill him. A big plan for a couple of big damn heroes to bring everyone back.
He takes the chair next to Dean.
“I saw you with Kaia and Claire today. They look good.” Sam clicks his seatbelt as well.
Cas and Sam give feedback on the grocery list. Things drop back to the regular level of sibling banter, Dean even joking about Sam’s request for hemp hearts. They finish the pizza and toss the box. When they're done eating, Sam goes off to video call Eileen.
He twists himself in Dean’s grip just enough to catch the pull string before returning. Cas can see in the dark. He watches Dean’s eyes move, trying to catch a glimpse of his face. Sees him worry his lower lip. Catches his eyelashes flutter as he falls asleep. In minutes he can feel Dean dreaming. They dream together. Yellow, blue, and green.
“I figured you could pick something. Since I made you sit through all of my favorites.”
Dean puts his arm around Jack’s shoulder. Pulls him in with a winning smile crinkling his features. “Well come on God boy, we’re going home.”
she indicates her shoulder
"Are you guys-"
“Okay? I just drop this on you and you say okay.” He stops leaning on the railing and ties his robe around himself. “Unbelievable.”
“Jack. I’m sorry we left you.” He puts his hand on Jack’s shoulder.
"-getting breakfast?" He finishes awkwardly.
He looks down at his own novelty socks which have a pan of frying bacon on them with the caption ‘Hot Stuff’
Dean spends the day chopping and hauling wood, and comes in exhausted once it’s dark. He showers and drops into bed. They decide to watch Fellowship of the Ring, Cas folding over Dean’s body to see the laptop screen. The movie is paused. Cas is reciting something from the appendixes. He finds he likes fantasy that comes with a long list of references to other materials, it's easier to follow. Dean just likes to listen to Cas talk.
Dean starts to lose the thread of conversation. He never thought much about flowers and somehow regrets that now. His thoughts drift to what Eileen had said. He didn’t want to hurt Sam, he had made a lot of choices that did anyway, but he hadn’t wanted to. She had also said he didn’t have to give him up, that their thing wasn’t more important. He believed her. But what if he did what he always did and fucked it up anyway?
It doesn't even take shouting, or throwing of breakable objects. Miracle of miracles. They only have one mildly heated conversation.
“Only you can reap God.”
Sam starts reading his own books. They have titles like: Adult Children of Narcissistic Parents, and Why Does He Do That?,and The Joyous Recovery. He sometimes leaves them on the coffee table or in the bathroom. Sticky notes sprout out of them like mushrooms after rain.
“I worry that it may be too hot for them. I’ve heard they thrive under controlled neglect, but it remains to be seen.” he wipes his hands on a floral towel that he bought from the dollar store.
He takes a look at Cas’ mug. Cas hands it over to him. It tastes like butterscotch and pumpkin.
The memory makes them all laugh.
Cas can feel but not read Dean's thoughts as they drift. Possibly to Sam or the winter. He smells like bread and sleep. Relaxing in a rare moment without a phone or laptop screen in front of him. As the conversation lulls, Cas picks up one of the books from the bed and begins to read.
She beams her award winning smile at him.
The sunrise will be perfect in five minutes. He can wait that long to drag Dean back to bed. He sips coffee and listens to the birds, and telegraphs his own want and longing across the three feet of lawn between them for several agonizing moments.
As if reading his mind, Jack makes another comment. “I’ll visit you. Whenever I can. And I’ll hear your prayers.”
But Cas is an angel and he still has a few things. He can think muted thoughts, if he tries very hard he can probably even speak softly. He still knows things. He starts putting out very small thoughts.
They’re surrounded by demons. It shouldn’t be surprising.
Cas had killed Billie, but left Dean alone with a wrathful God. A God that Cas has fought for, searched for, and died for. One that is now putting his feet up to eat popcorn and torture the Winchesters personally. He misses the days when his father chose to be absent.
Sam can see the blush crawl up Dean’s neck like a rolling thunder storm. “It’s not like that.”
"Well, if I was going to do anything about it, it probably wouldn't be right here." She turns serious again. "I did hate you for that. I could have let you die in that barn with the Grigori while trying to find my mom. My mom who went nuts and left me to try and find my dad. After my dad felt he was special and important enough to leave his family for God's will."
Cas' shoes and legs came into view. He was wearing form fitting corduroys. Dean followed them up to where they met his navy and electric blue sweater. The collar of a white dress shirt stuck out from the top. Dean looks at his upside down face.
"Dean." Cas is looking at him intently. Trying to find a way in.
Something outside is making an earth vibrating rattle. He abandons his sandwich and looks out the living room windows. Black goo splotches and crawls over the road. The work crew is nearly out of sight, but there’s a jackhammer breaking up the road in the distance. The noises combine into a sensory nightmare. Dean grinds his teeth and retreats upstairs.
Dean ignores his snarkiness. "When he was about to be taken by the shadow, he told me he loved me."
Dean mourns Cas the same way as always, by drinking. He passes out with a bottle for a pillow. Whiskey lullaby. That’s where Sam finds him in the morning. Coming in with his little stoneware cup of coffee, ready to dive into some reading. He sticks one of his bare feet out and nudges Dean’s body.
Cas has set up another folding chair in a section of the garage. Loretta Lynn has just finished singing about taking somebody to fist city as he hands Dean a glass of lemonade. They drank a lot of lemonade now. As well as iced tea and fancy pop from the grocery store. Even, after some convincing on Cas’ part, plain water from the tap.
When they leave he follows Dean upstairs and sits next to his bed with a stack of their mingled books in the space between them. Dean always sleeps on one side now, even though he has the whole bed. Cas has seen him sprawled on motel beds of equal size easily, but keeps to half here.
“It's time.”
"I don't think you're supposed to say 'but'. Not when you apologize." She grins though her eyes remain wet.
She sidesteps his hand. “Castiel, wait. What happened with the apocalypse?”
The moment is short lived. After the pizza is gone, Sam and Eileen tell them that they have decided to move twenty minutes away to Smith Center. A slightly larger town where there’s a hospital, and green juice store, and local deaf/hoh trivia night at a barcade. Places to go other than Tractor Supply, Gas & Sip, and Walmart.
"Thanks." For the poem? For the hand? For forgiveness?
Dean flicks through the channels a bit. There's an old western on one of the movie channels that catches his interest for a few minutes. Not enough though. He taps his feet on the floor, cracks his knuckles, shuts the TV off. He looks at Cas who is doing something on his phone. Maybe texting Claire.
They look amused. “We did. I think I did quite well actually.” They smile wryly. “Don’t worry, everyone is still alive. I’m not the one in charge here.”
“I’m not sure. I was in bed, thinking of a way to bring all the people back.” He turns his palms up in a shrug. “Then I was here.”
"Oh. We're having this conversation now. Like now, now. Hold on."
Dean likes that and kicks off a feedback loop, playing him video after video until he can barely lift a finger to select another one. Once he finally drops off, Cas plucks the phone from the mattress and plugs it in. On his way back he puts the blanket over Dean more securely. He decides not to move the chair back. Dean's dreams that night seem almost pleasant.
Chuck laughs. "So you think we're making deals now? No. No, no, no.” he waggles a finger. “That's not happening. I'm having too much fun now." He grins wider at their anguished looks. "I'm going to watch you rot. Just the three of you with no one to save until you're composting in the ground. The whole time knowing it's your fault."
The bunker door swings open and everyone hears more than sees the arrival of Donna and Jody.
He takes the olive branch.
“Hmm. Kill me once, shame on you. Kill me twice, shame on me.”
Cas kneels down and clutches Dean’s face, pushing his grace to heal him. Jack is doing the same to Sam, having removed the branch with as much gentleness as he can. Dean’s soul is holding on, his heartbeat faint but there. Cas has fixed most of the major damage, stopping the flow of blood from broken vessels, knitting bone and skin. He finishes lovingly assembling all of Dean’s fractured pieces. He stamps his mark with satisfaction on Dean’s skin as he had done nearly a dozen years before. He can always remove it if Dean asks him.
They live, and die, and come back. They hug it out, and share a look, and shelve the meaning of it for the next time. Not this time though. God is done reviving Cas. Does God get a little thrill being omniscient and watching these two fools circle around each other and never connect? Probably. What an asshole.
“Oh come on
"That would be good. Sam can help too. He's always at the bunker, about time he pulled his weight around here." He smiles absently, imagining.
Something holds them back from outright attacking. Vaguely familiar faces drift by. Ambriel, Anael, Samandriel. Cas is once again smacked with the fact that he killed half of the people in here. If not directly, then he certainly had a hand in it. Ahead another looms.
He shoves a pillow behind his back and keeps talking.
Cas flips through the book until he finds the page he's looking for. The book is from a second hand store and this page has already been dogeared, underlined, and highlighted. Cas thinks he can understand why. This is one of his favorites.
“I don’t have a lot of time to explain, but he’s currently removed everyone from earth and plans to use that to torture Sam and Dean until their eventual deaths.” Cas sighs.
“Are you using grace to wake me up?”
Cas scrolls through some choices. Dean likes cowboys, heists, Steve McQueen, immature comedies, eighties action or horror, and Scooby Doo. That gives him approximately three thousand, one hundred, and seventy two choices across all accessible platforms. Outside of those parameters there are a couple things that might appeal. He selects a movie with a photo showing a red haired woman in nineteen hundreds dress. Dean will usually be okay with what humans call ‘period pieces’.
Sam has gone back to the bunker to look over a book that had been found in the catalog. It seems to be in Enochian and Cas has volunteered to take a look. They had lived there for years and barely scratched the surface of stuff stashed in every nook and cranny of the place. The Men of Letters had been pack rats. Even using it as a hunter hub, Sam was always busy going through the library and adding to the archives. When he wasn’t busy decoding spells, or cooking up vamp cure, or running Shapeshifters Anonymous.
On my
He sits next to Dean, sliding a mug across to him, careful not to disturb Dean’s self soothing tracing. Dean gives him a nod of thanks. Cas sighs.
“I realized I wanted to spend time around her, and do things with and for her. I knew I never wanted to see her hurt again. She got along with you and Cas so well. And I realized I loved her before, during, and after all those things.”
The space is filled with grace and souls swirling around each other and settling. But he isn’t dead. Neither is Dean, or Sam, or Jack, as far as he knew. He shouldn't be here. He looks around and catches Billie sitting with their biker booted feet propped up.
“Alright. Well, one for the road.” Sam takes a quick step forward and punches Chuck. He pulls his hand back and tries to shake out the pain.
He thinks about just flying home in case Sam wants to spend more time with Eileen. They’re entwined next to the driver’s side door of her little orange car. Instead of staying, Sam gives her a kiss goodbye and walks off toward the truck.
He doesn’t know if these prayers, like most, will go unanswered. After a moment he wipes his tears and stands from the planter. He doesn’t notice the flowers wilting in tired bunches behind him as he goes to join the brothers. Their voices drifting out through the open door are the only familiar things left on earth.
They sit in silence for another minute before Jack slides across the seat and opens his door.
"I think so too." Her smile is warmer now.
She's not the first to ask. It still seems unusual for him to interact with people on his own. Dean makes excuses for staying out of the bunker. To cover up the fact he still just doesn't feel right being there anymore. Today he says he’s too busy picking up groceries and lumber. That he's bled enough for the cause anyway.
It sounds like Jack, but it can’t be. He’s made a deal. The final deal. Jack is supposed to have a life. They all are. Cas looks after the voice. Looking at the Shadow in the shape of his adopted son is extra painful, having recently been gutpunched by very strong emotions.
Drink is an easy to remember sign, one he practiced for this. She’s still grinning at him. In the kitchen he stands to one side of the refrigerator door so she can still see his mouth as he talks.
Once it's dark enough that only street lights and stop lights filter into the car, Dean breaks his silence. “Unbelievable.” His voice is hoarse, breaking over the syllables. “Can’t even save a fucking dog.”
They’re throwing themselves at the mercy of a capricious god that they’ve already pissed off several times on the off chance he wants to see their deathmatch. They want Jack to stay at the bunker because after exploding in the Empty he’s about as powered down as he’ll ever be. He can’t help and he’s a liability to their self-sacrificing plan.
"Maybe.” He swivels his chair more to look at her. “I'd hate to risk it."
"Do you think he'll show?" Sam stands.
"Do you think the other person forgave him?"
Sam’s not about to let these two dance around each other for another decade. Or possibly more. With his luck he’ll live another hundred years, and when he dies they’ll make goo goo eyes over his fucking casket.
Alex has driven in to help. She’s almost finished her nursing education and is working in a hospital close to Sioux Falls. She's busy telling an enthusiastic Sam about classes and clinicals while setting up machines and sanitizing things. She wears an engagement ring on her left hand. She looks happy.
Meg cuts in. “Oh, we are
"You do not have to be good. You do not have to walk on your knees for a hundred miles through the desert repenting. You only have to let the soft animal of your body love what it loves.”
Kisses his forehead “I love you.” His eyelids “I love you.” The tip of his nose “Love you.” His chin. “Love you, Cas.”
Cas comes in through the kitchen door. He’s wearing a soft looking combo of pale blue shirt and tan cardigan, in his hands is a huge bouquet of orange and yellow flowers. They match his socks.
They go back to talking about the archives. Sam does the dishes while Dean puts away leftovers and tidies up. They watch a little tv in the living room but as the night grows dark they grow restless and start to separate into their own activities. Sam gets up and heads to his room.
“I’m going to turn off the light now.”
He extends another set to Cas with a questioning look. Cas doesn't have to eat but he is always welcome to. He takes the offered implements. Sam sits at the far end of the table. Dean uses tongs to place half a squash on each of their plates. He sets the tray on the counter, smiling to himself at the bee trivets that Cas had picked up somewhere. He takes a seat at the near end of the table, looking at Cas in the middle seat.
, and
Turns out having is pretty great too.
"Yeah yeah, I love you too. Now stop crushing me."
Another short one before the epilogue. If only I had known that 15.19 script was gonna drop today.
” He signs excitedly. “
They host every person they know. Can’t get enough time with them. There are some that were just gone for too long before everyone was brought back. They mourn them again. Not all endings are happy ones, but they are happy for the one they get to make.
They are often memories of hell or of people he failed to save. Occasionally things that never came to pass but could have. More than once they’re things that did happen, taunting him during the night, and making him jittery and worn out during the day.
In the bedrooms are some dressers with minimal dings. A little WD-40 and the drawers move easily. They shove one into the front closet for Cas who finally gets a whole wardrobe. He gets to be comfortable. He buys his own pajama pants, and utility cargo shorts the color of the trench coat he plans to never wear again, and silly t-shirts, and the coziest armload of sweaters imaginable. They all make him so happy.
"When Jack left, it was hard. It's still hard not having him here. I worry about him all the time and I lament that I can't just go and see him whenever I want to. But I don't think he stopped caring about us because he left. I certainly didn't stop caring about him."
Cas lunges forward and shoves Chuck to the ground when he tries to zap Dean again. Clouds gather overhead as he pummels God’s face into the dirt. Striking blows at his father, Dean’s father, at Jack’s father. At everyone and everything that had caused him to hurt. He yanks the little ragdoll body up and into the sky.
Midway home Dean rolled the window down and vomits. Without taking his eyes off the road, Cas had disappointedly handed Sam his money back.
"Of course, Dean. I'll be right there." He clicks the power button on his phone and stands up.
Cas is speaking to everyone gathered around him. It reminds him of commanding a garrison. He tries not to think about it. He looks out on the faces, the trusting and the unsure.
“I love you.” Cas’ eyes are huge, and wet, and blue. He looks like he would maybe want to smile if he wasn’t crying so much.
“You killed me for this?”
Jack can feel their misery before they even get inside. Their plan hasn't worked. He lays with his head at the foot of the bed and listens to the brothers move around. They stay in the library for a while. Their voices angry, but too soft to overhear. Could he have done something if he had his powers? The sadness and fear from the other room is overwhelming. He feigns sleep in case someone opens the door. The sound of Dean pacing and Sam’s voice growing softer and more seldom puts him under. In half sleep he relaxes. He dreams that everyone is back and they’re together in the bunker.
Cas sits for a moment and watches Claire drink her juice. Her makeup is smudged from where she wiped her tears. Otherwise her face is unmarred by the cuts or bruising she had last time he had seen her. She’s healthy and whole. Alex comes by to start her blood donation process. She notices Claire's been crying and squeezes her hand before turning to do something else. It may not be the life she thought she would lead, but Claire is loved.
Cas reaches out to the divine. The simulated sun is making a halo of his hair. “Let’s go say goodbye.”
She taps her index and middle fingers on her neck twice.
The thought slips in and out of his head along with every movie, book, roadtrip, and food he wants to share with Cas. He’s going to stay. He just led an army from the darkness of the Empty to heaven, killed God, and gave the afterlife a holy reset. All for Dean. He’s going to stay.
Sometime between hugging it out and falling asleep to a western, the Winchesters have decided to meet for dinner every Monday at the diner two blocks from Sam and Eileen’s. At first its awkward and slightly tense but by the third time Dean and Eileen are debating the best burger in town while both of them try to lure their respective love interests to their side.
They paint the living room butter yellow, hang pictures behind the TV. After all the work the place looks a bit more homey. It smells invitingly of Murphy wood soap and lavender cleaner. It’s so normal it almost hurts. At first the domesticity feels like a haunting, like a veneer. It's unreal that they get to be here. But it eases in time.
They can’t go back to living in the bunker.
"Yeah. That's-I like that. Is it all like that?"
Cas is tired of deals and this one isn’t easy to make. If he doesn’t, he’s likely to be yanked out only to have Billie come for them all again. If he succeeds in killing God and they die, at least there is the possibility of seeing them again in Heaven. He agrees.
“It’s okay. That’s what Chuck wants. He should put everything back. We hope.” Sam tries to be reassuring, turning his body to face the backseat.
The sound is immediately dampened as it leaves his lips. Yet his name rings through his mind like a beautiful, clear bell. He speaks again and the sound carries past his face. He keeps going until he can shout his name the length of a blue whale. He feels a bit accomplished, and that made him feel even lighter.
She gives his arm a pat. "I think we'll take you up on that." Seeing some kind of unmet need in the distance, she calls out. "Oh, let me help ya there!"
Cas rolls his eyes. He wishes briefly that they were all still asleep, him included, so he didn’t have to try to herd the most exasperating forces in existence to the light.
Hey good lookin' : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2PqfDyPAcBw
"Uh. Thanks."
“Castiel." Chuck turns to him and tilts his head. “You keep putting yourself back in the narrative. Just can’t tell when you’re not wanted.” Chuck flicks his wrist and sends him flying back into the deep black body of the car.
Dean finally looks at him.
“Goodbye, Jack.” It's Sam that allows himself to say it.
Of course it's when. Of course Cas will be returning to Earth. He’s finally putting down his sword.
Jack writes down anything he remembers about the ritual. He had been in time to catch Nick reciting the words. They are still locked in his mind as well as the other details. Like many others it involves burning things. And blood.
He’s awake but Chuck would never bring him back one more time. Especially after all that talk of tossing his broken toys. Certainly not to help. Perhaps to twist eternal rest into eternal suffering as punishment for his past transgressions. He walks and walks through the skeletons resting serenely where they lay. In the distance another light flickers into existence. And there’s Jack sitting in the back seat of the Impala.
He can do that. Maybe not today, but he would try. Sam will be home soon. They let go of each other and go inside.
“Sam, you know I don’t have to eat-” he looks at Eileen teaching the sign “sausage.” to Dean. “But if I did, I would want sausage pizza.”
Jack knows what it felt like when his blood was used for this ritual before. It burned horribly like his own veins had turned against him. He was prepared to do it again. To bring back Cas.
“Something tells me this time might be-” Dean belches. It tastes like cinnamon whiskey and sadness. “-a little different.”
Dean takes one look at him standing there in his bee socks, with his bed head, silhouetted by sunlight, and chickens out. He can't ruin this good thing he finally got. What if Sam is wrong? Things are good enough and he should leave them alone.
So he does. He slots himself in beside Dean’s body. They both lay on their backs as they had during the movie. Cas has never been so aware of every inch of his skin before.
“Hello!”
Dean flops down in the chair next to Sam.
"Dean? What's this?" He holds it out to him.
"Goodnight, Sam." Cas has curled himself into the corner of the couch opposite Dean, they share a blanket.
He fills a bag with bottled water and pop and whatever snacks seem most appealing. The bananas near the counter are turning a bit overripe but there’s a couple apples with intact skin and no bruises. The space is uncanny with its perfectly sorted shelves catching the sunlight and no one around to see them but him. It hasn’t been long enough for things to get dusty or faded. It very much looks like someone called cut and cleared the set.
Meg is uncharacteristically quiet for a moment. He doesn’t know if she’ll understand all the things that have happened since Crowley stabbed her to death. Cas wishes, as he often does, that there was more time.
