How hard was it to just be normal for once? Couldn’t he go one day without fucking up?
“He asked you to leave him alone,” came the voice of his savior. When Tony turned, a tall blonde man was standing at the doorway to the back of the bar, another man, equally broad, right behind him and glowering. The man behind stepped around the blonde, putting a hand on Tony’s back and ging him a one-armed hug.
Tony whined, clutching Steve’s forearms. “Captain,” he breathes. “Captain.”
“It’s interesting that you like to build,” Steve went on, and when Tony looked up, he looked nervous, rubbing his wrist. “I can’t do anything mechanical for shit.” His eyes opened comically wide and Tony tried -- badly -- to muffle a laugh. Steve blushed all the way down to his neck. “Sorry, I gotta curb in my tongue, Buck says that I’ve got a dirtier mouth than a sailor, though he never spent any time with th’ Tommies, I swear they were worse than me--” Tony noted with amusement that Steve was rambling and rubbing the back of his neck--nervous?
He’s crying now, tears slipping down his cheeks and soaking into the already-scratchy neckline of his nightgown. It’s a matter of time before Steve comes home and he tried to think of the floor and the glass between his fingertips and palms and desperately tries not to lose this fight.
“We think Mr. Stark is lonely and he needs a friend,” MJ said calmly from her station, where she was painting--something.
“Nobody ever tells me what I do wrong,” Tony whispered out of the blue, and when Steve peeked his head up to look Tony looked ashamed, flushed and lip wobbling. “I’d do better if I c-could, but How-Howard said that I do most things wrong, but I don’t know what I did, and-and he said I’m too loud, and the tutors said I was too clingy, but you won’t tell me what I did wrong and-and-and every time you look at me, you look at me like I’m pitiful, some horrifying little thing that can’t do
Tony rolled his eyes and ruffled his hair, standing up and stretching as his bones popped. “I know, kiddo. So I’d make you write essays on dumb things. Like English.”
Steve felt his ears burn. “Oops.”
Tony frowned inquisitively at him but didn’t move. “Alright.”
“STEVE.” Tony hovered over the back of the couch, the couch giving a lurch against the worn floors.
Steve smiled into his hair, his lips ticking the omega. “Yeah, babydoll. C’mon, let’s get you cleaned up.”
Bucky stilled against him. “Like a date?”
except for when he was sick and the fever made him emotional. “Has something happened?” Steve twisted awkwardly to face him, cursing his big body and their little couch as the springs creaked dangerously. “Tony, honey, talk to me."
“What’s wrong with him?” the newcomer hisses. “What the hell did they do?”
thought--
“I’m not mad,” and weirdly enough Steve sounds earnest. “I’m not mad, babydoll, it was just an accident. I’m just worried that you’re hurt sugar, I don’ want ya to be hurt, sweetheart, and I’m not gonna punish you, not ever for an accident.”
Steve chuckled, chest rumbling as he leaned down to scent the omega with a soft growl. “You came so hard you passed out, genius. I think I’m allowed to be this smug.”
"You're not bad," the omega said definitively. "C'mere, hon'." The omega picks him up, and suddenly he's in someone's lap, warm and comfortable, and so very different from the floor he'd been lying on for god knows how long. He's covered in fluids that streak from his hair down to his legs, and Tony shudders as he feels two hands -- one skin and one metal - stroke up and down over his back. "You're so good. Such a good boy," the omega murmurs again and though it doesn't have the same effect as an alpha, Tony pushed his head into the crook of the omega's neck, soaking it up, though a traitorous part of him spits back at him that he's worthless. He smells nice, he thinks idly. Like apples.
Steve laughed and spit into the sink, “You alright, sweetheart?” before turning so that Tony was caged in against the bathroom counter. Tony leaned back gratefully against Steve’s chest, croaking out, “I feel thoroughly used.”
Steve’s face was gentle and kind, even as he looked like he was one gust away from being torn apart. “Tony,” he said softly, and Tony choked on a sob.
Steve whispers something like, “
“M’kay.”
Tony flushes and Steve makes up his mind, grabbing one of his own comfortable t-shirts and pulling it over Tony’s head, grabbing his sweatpants and guiding Tony to his feet. “I’m going to dress you now,” he says firmly. “If you’re uncomfortable, or anything, anything at all, just say Manhatten, alright?” Steve says, picking something random for a safe phrase. “Say yes if you understand.”
“Really?” Tony asked finally, voice weak. “You’re not tired of me or something?"
hope y'all enjoyed!
Steve smiled, and went for the clasp on the back of the wedding dress, undoing the clasp with careful fingers. He hopes that the dress can eventually be something that they can, or at least Tony can look back on with fond thoughts, and not something that symbolized the end of his world. “Okay?” he asked, as his fingers brushed the porcelain skin of Tony’s back.
“Yeah, Bucky,” Tony whispered awestruck, before putting the puppy down on the couch to give him a hug. “Thank you,” breathed Tony into his shoulder. “Thank you so much.”
“Uh, yeah. ‘S therapeutic.”
“I’m sorry, you seriously drink that?” Steve asked, morbidly curious. The man in question turned around in line and gave him a curious look, but holy hell was the guy hot.
“Oh my god,” Bucky whispered, clutching Steve’s arm. “Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god.”
since someone touched me like this, please.”
Steve snickered before following him and pulling the omega into his lap, kissing his temple. “What happened to your voice?”
Steve thumbed a nipple, watching Tony jolt and bat at Steve’s hands with a pout. “You were sucking my dick as if your life depended on it.”
Tony was, surprisingly, the one who decided that it was about time they left their bed after they had held each other for hours, dozing off and then just cuddling together. “Steve?” he whispered, and the alpha tried to not jump at the sudden voice in his ear.
“The teams gonna make fun of us y’know,” Steve murmured as he felt Tony’s breathing slow.
Steve smiles, helplessly fond, dragging his hands over Tony’s waist and helping him step out of the dress. “Captain is so proud of you,” he praises and he can feel Tony practically lighting up underneath him, looking up at him with so so grateful eyes, just happy to be touched without intent to harm and few words of praise. Christ, he can’t imagine what Tony’s life has been like if Tony was expecting him to hit him and hurt him and fucking
“How far along?” Tony startled and turned around, one hand on his belly to face a pretty brunette with -- surprising enough -- a metal arm that was rubbing over his own belly.
Tony frowned inquisitively at him but didn’t move. “Alright.”
hullo! a few announcements about this fic so far:
“No,” he hurried to say. “Not to my babydoll, not for my babydoll, you deserve the best. Nothin’ but that.”
It was forbidden, but it was not like they were thinking about the consequences while making out.
he doesn’t want scars for this too, doesn’t want it anymore than anything else he’s got. “I’m sorry.” he tries with shaking fingers to pick up the little pieces of glass but he knows he’s got some in his feet and there’s probably blood dripping on the ground, but he’s so tired and he needs to fix this
tw: mentions of rape, child abuse, and sexual abuse
,” and maybe it was selfish, but Tony was alright with being selfish if it kept Steve safe and loved by his side.
“Do you love me?” Steve wasn’t going to beat around the bush. They had confessed their love for each other weeks ago, and he knew that where Tony was going came out of fear and trepidation of Tony’s buried desire to be accepted and fear of being a disappointment. They were on opposing kingdoms, yes, but love triumphed petty grudges did it not?
He turned back to the kid and went crosseyed, smiling as the kid grinned and tried to copy him, looking down at his nose with big doe eyes. He squealed, and that’s when the boy’s father roused and sat up, blinking sleepily, and oh. The boy’s father had the same honey-doe eyes and he looked so cute, what with his mussed hair and pink cheeks as he caught Steve staring. “Hi,” Steve said, reaching over the little kid who was now gleefully exclaiming “Daddy! Daddy!” and reached his hand out to shake. “I’m Steve.”
“That’s it?”
“Well, you ain’t Steve,” a foreign voice said, lower and rumbly-er than Steve’s.
being touched, he had forgotten how good it could be.
Getting into their new house is uneventful. It’s a big apartment on the nice side of Brooklyn, a part that Steve admits he’s never been to, and Tony couldn’t say he’d ever been either except for maybe when he was little and unpresented, and Howard still liked him.
and with that, i hope y'all enjoy!
Steve leaned up desperately, even as he shook and his voice broke. “I wanna-”
“I saw the news,” Tony mumbled after a few quiet seconds of them just holding each other. “I’m sorry.”
Tony rolled over, snuffling a little bit into the pillow. “Steve?” he mumbled, blinking open one eye.
Tony smiled at him, seemingly mollified. “You weren’t, thank you. I haven’t been getting much sleep lately, what with work and this little troublemaker,” he ruffled Peter's hair and pressed a kiss to the boy’s cheek, and Steve melted. “So thank you for that.”
Never mind.
“Easy, easy,” Steve’s voice came closer, and Tony clenched his eyes shut. He would not cry, he wouldn’t--He tensed as he felt Steve put a hand on his back. “I’m not mad, baby doll, just confused. You did so well, so perfect with the journalists, much better than me, I’m so proud.” Steve ran gentle fingers through his hair and Tony sagged, his drop fading away from him.
Steve shifted nervously from foot to foot. He was home for the first time in a year and was staying for much longer than he had hopefull stayed last time. Around him techies rushed around, yammering into headsets and tapping at screens. His Tony and Maggie looked bored, Maggie pressing her face into the fabric of Tony’s pants. Tony looked about five minutes from yawning. They were really only there because Steve wasn’t, but he had a -- hopefully good -- surprise for them both.
Tony nodded. “Father used to go on about you and your whole squad for ages. I know more about you than I think I ever needed to know.”
A blessed few seconds of silence. And then--
heat sex!
Tony sniffed and grabbed a fistful of Steve’s tunic. “Heroes never come back,” he said, soft enough that Steve wasn’t sure if Tony was talking to him. “Heroes don’t get happy endings. Hercules, Jason, Achilles, they all died,” Tony looked up with ready eyes. “They don’t get a happy wife and a home, they get killed in some foreign land, fighting someone else’s war, or some god decides that they've done too much and they die of madness or bloodlust.”
Tony quirked his mouth and looked at him through the hair that fell in front of his eyes anyway. “Mhm.”
“Okay, so you can see why the sudden abundance of baked good is a problem right? I mean--” Tony scratched the back of his neck, shifting uncomfortably. “I’m about as emotionally stunted as they come, but, like, if you need someone to talk to?” he peeked up from where he was staring at Bucky’s neck and locked eyes with Bucky, where the other man was staring with a little bit of amusement and a lot of trepidation. “You know I’m here right?”
“As if I could be anything but,” Steve mumbled, before grabbing a cloth and reaching between Tony’s thighs, trying to get the dried come and slick and probably spit off, considering how Steve had literally eaten Tony out until he was crying. He pressed his face to the crook of Tony’s neck and shoulders, sucking gently on Tony’s scent gland as the omega whimpered a little and twitched. “Sorry.”
“Meh,” Tony mumbled, turning his head so his cheek was pressed against STeve’s collarbone. “What’sit?”
? To be away from early morning snacks in the kitchen with Ana when he couldn’t sleep, and late-night baking cannolis with his Mama because of their mile-wide sweet tooth? To be away from Jarvis who had patched him after many of Howard’s outbursts and the training sessions with the instructor who was supposed to teach him how to be a proper omega--something he was terrible at?
3. Look at the tags! They are subject to change, and if you're not sure about this fic, look at the tags!
"Shut up, Steve!”
Tony squirmed and Steve shifted, trying to hide what that did to him. He knows that this is not something either of them are ready for, but he’s self-aware enough to know that he
“Do you want me to help you get undressed?” he asked, squeezing Tony’s hand gently and then dropping it. “I don’t wanna make you uncomfortable, but I figured you would need help getting all the pins out--”
Bucky kissed the top of his head and sighed, moving so that Tony was seated comfortably in his lap. “Can we go? Sweetheart, you’re cold an’ tired, an’ frankly I ain’t enjoyin’ this either. Let’s go, school don’t start for another hour.”
“Hush now,” he crooned, kissing Tony’s temple and rocking them back and forth. “I’m not lying to you baby, you really are so strong, you made it through Howard and those infernal lessons of yours, baby, I am so so proud. I am in
“I-what-why?” he stammered, cursing his Irish complexion as he flushed.
Being married is weird. Everyone keeps looking at him with reverence and intrigue when they see the Captain walking alongside him, the hero from the war, the one that all the omega’s swooned over and the alphas wanted to be like.
By the time they were officially landed, Steve had Tony’s phone number.
“You promise me?” Tony asked, turning to straddle him. “You won’t treat me like something breakable?”
Steve rolled his eyes, giving up. “You’re sitting on my book."
Tony stared at him for a minute. “Okay,” he whispered ducking down to just pass his lips over Steve in a way that made the alpha want to roll them over and stay in bed until To u couldn’t walk right tomorrow—but.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve did his best to smile. “Well, I’ll be the first,” he said earnestly. “I’ll come back, sweetheart. After all,” he leaned down to scent Tony. “I’ve got plans.”
“I’m sorry,” he whimpered and
Steve smirked, carding his fingers through Tony’s hair. "Our mattress just sucks balls, baby.”
Tony ducked his head, but Steve tipped his head up with a gentle hand under his chin. Steve still saw Tony flinch every time he moved too fast, and Tony was still holding rather terrifying expectations, but he needed to get this through. “Babydoll,” he murmured, brushing the barest kiss over Tony’s cheekbone. “I’m gonna ask you again. Do you wanna cook?”
Bucky leaned down for a kiss. “You derve it, baby. An’ I’m rich, so it don’t matter.”
He stays still in silence, feeling fluids drip down his thighs and onto the cold floor with a sickening noise, thighs shaking. The alpha seems to notice and gently puts her hand on his calf, rubbing it soothingly. It feels nice, he thinks distantly, and that makes him giggle because
“You need to eat something.”
Steve softened and tugged Tony close and shut his eyes, taking a deep whiff of the chocolate and smoke. “Would it really be living without you?”
Bucky smiled at him. And wow. That--that was a nice smile.
“Uh, you were asleep and you’re son looked like he was about to throw a tantrum of epic proportions, and you looked like you needed to sleep, so I was just making faces at your kid to keep him entertained.” Steve flushed at the ramble of words that spilled out of his mouth. “I didn’t mean to overstep.”
Tony's shoulders were shaking and the omega wiped at his face--was he brushing away tears?. “I am yours, so you can use me how you’d like--”
Steve smiled. His Tony was so sweet. “As long as I’m with you, love, I don’t care where I am, Heaven, Hell, or this damned kingdom.”
Steve rolled his eyes and sat on an armchair to get his shoes off, wiggling his toes thankfully.
Tony doesn't know how long they sit like that, but it feels nice. He's down, he's so very down, but it feels good. At one point someone else comes into the door and for some reason, he's not scared, the scent from the new alpha making him feel warm and fuzzy inside. He tightens his eyes and presses his face against the omega's neck, and thinks dizzily,
“Tony,” Steve started softly, just to be cut off.
Bucky sighed and slumped. “Sorry,” he mumbled. “It’s just that my best friend, Steve, he’s off in Iraq and I got discharged after the whole,” he wiggled his left arm. “Thing, and so it just-”
“Without wanting to hurt me,” the quiet response came and Steve bit his lip. His omega pushed up against him to scent him, and Steve let him, walking them back to the bed and tugging Tony into his lap, a soft noise of pleasure coming out of him as he was warmed from head to toe. His omega was so pleased with such a simple act of being cuddled and held, something that all omegas should be accustomed to. The poor thing must’ve been so neglected to get so happy at such a basic touch from what was essentially a stranger to him.
He scooped the little brunette up and tucked him into the sheets, stipping out of his suit and getting a t-shirt and sweatpants on as well. Normally he slept with just boxers, or at least bare-chested, but he figured the skin-on-skin would just make Tony uncomfortable, judging by how awkward he was already with him. Lord knows they’ve broken more than enough boundaries for the day. “Okay, doll, let’s go ta bed.” he hurried across the room and slid under the sheets with Tony. He swallowed, suddenly nervous and reached a hand across the bed. “If you want to cuddle, you can just come here, but--” Ton moves so suddenly that Steve is taken aback when Tony burrows into his arms.
Steve tilts up his chin, looking into Tony’s own before he remembers to drop them. He knows better than to look a dom in the eyes. Strike two.
Steve leaned in and pressed their lips together again chastely, guiding Tony’s head to the hollow of his neck and rocked them slowly back and forth, his heart aching for how young Tony sounded and how stupidly happy he was that Steve was just hugging him. “So long since somebody touched you like what sweetheart?” he said softly rubbing Tony’s back through the thin fabric of his dress. God, his omega must be freezing and Steve wouldn't have even been able to tell. He felt another surge of anger go through him as he realized how used to suffering Tony must’ve been to be able to stand in thirty-degree weather in what was basically just lace and not have even a single tell.
Peter pouted at him, and Tony swore inwardly. It was like a cute puppy begging for treats and it took everything in him to not cave. “It’s physics, Mr. Stark.”
“We just got married, Steve.” Tony turned to look at him and Steve was horrified to see tears glittering in his eyes, reflecting proof of the grey eyed one’s blessing, even as they shone with sadness. “We just got married. I’m not with child, thank Zeus for that, and you are about to go off to fight someone else’s war in someone else’s land for someone else’s wife.”
Steve smirked. “You know about him?”
Steve seemed to understand the effort and smiled weakly back up at him. “Love you most.”
Tony smiled shakily at him, his hand reaching up to cover Steve’s and lacing their fingers together - possibly for the last time - against his cheek. “So bossy.”
Steve smiled into the kiss. “All yours,” he mumbled, before pulling away to wrinkle his nose. “Also your breath stinks.”
“Good boy,” Bucky murmured and grinned when Tony ducked his head a flush rising from his delicate collarbones to his cheeks. Bucky quickly pulled at the box, it falling open at a tug. It was an elaborate fake. Really it was just a kennel for the surprise inside with airholes and space for its contents, but it just looked any ordinary box. And out of the box sprung a little German Shepherd, its ears cocked up and skidding on the slick floors, nails clacking. “Hey little buddy,” Bucky murmured, picking up the puppy and smiling when it licked at his neck. “C’mon, let’s go meet your mama.”
Steve helped him off of the train car, swinging him down with ease by his waist as he tripped over his own dress--
Tony rolled off his lap petulantly. Steve tamped down on a smile. "Good to know that’s what’s on your mind when you have your hot and attractively slick with sweat boyfriend in your lap."
“Mr. Rogers, do you like Mr. Stark?” Ned asked out of the blue, and Steve muttered something colorful under his breath when he jumped and his pencil jerked.
Steve’s tears were leaving tracks down his blood-streaked, grimy face. He didn’t deserve to die here, on the side of the road surrounded by destroyed robots. “Hey,” he murmured, wheezing. “The few years we’ve been married have been the happiest of my life. When I’m gone-” He sobbed, fear clouding his crystal clear - even close to death Tony found himself entranced - eyes. “Try and be happy alright? Don’t push the team away.”
Tony nodded and leaned into Steve’s side. “Yeah,” he said quietly. “He’s the best thing that’s ever happened to me.”
“Do you use a belt or a paddle?” the question came out of nowhere. What on--Steve washed cold when he realized what Tony was referring to. “Or your hand?” Tony turned and gave him an empty look. “Can I ask you a question, sir?”
“Tony, sweetie, I’m not mad,” Steve hushes and he can feel himself being pulled into Steve’s lap. “I’m not.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony swore he had just turned around for a second, but by the time he had turned around from getting his drink, Maggie was gone, lost in the crowd.
Steve dropped his bag with a thud in the foyer of Tony and his’ apartment wearily. Today had been a long, long day. Over in Brooklyn, there had been a shooting a local elementary school, the kid with the gun shooting three people fatally and several more in the hospital. To top it off, after his spree, the shooter had shot himself, committing suicide. He was a kid. A fifteen-year-old who probably had hopes and dreams and had people who loved him.
“No,” Tony interrupted. “I have nightmares too, and,” he hesitated. “The scent of your mate in your arms might help soothe them, alpha.”
“Yes I did.” Steve took a deep breath. “I made you think that I was gonna punish you and that me being, I dunno, nice to you was a phase of some sort and that I’d drop the other shoe, but that’s not gonna happen. I made you feel like you were some sad little omega and that’s so far from the truth it’s bonkers. Baby, you are so
Nothing more, nothing less.
Tony snorted. “Except for birdbrain, he looks like he crawled out of the trash.”
“No,” Tony moaned, a dam breaking, clutching onto Steve’s jacket with a desperate kind of urgency. “It’s been so long, it’s been
“Don’ need ta’ call me sir,” Steve whispered, already dreading what Tony had to say. “But sure babydoll.”
People fly in internationally to mourn the loss of a hero. Lines go around the Avengers Tower- it’s been Avengers Tower for a long time despite what Tony says - to pay respects and drop off gifts for the new widower and what was his family in everything but blood.
Steve folded him into his arms and Tony was enveloped in warm alpha scent and something that his brain screamed as
A few seconds later, a shrill howl was piercing the air, and Tony was racing forward to the source of the sound, no doubt in his mind that his alphas were doing the same. The crowd withdrew fairly easily when they realized who he was, but he still had to shove his way through the last bits of the throng, only to feel his heart stop as a wickedly familiar face glared back at him; Justin Hammer. “Get your hands off my daughter!” Tony demanded, curling his fists as the other alpha smirked back at him.
Tony smiled, trying to keep the nervousness out of his expression. “Buck? You mean the Sergeant?”
him, good god, and Steve restrains himself from tensing up. He knows omegas like Tony would always expect to be the reason for the anger, or at the very least something to take his anger out upon, and this is probably a rash decision, but Steve promises that he won’t ever make Tony expect to be hit on purpose. He’ s not gonna continue the cycle of violence. “You’re so good,” Steve croons, guiding Tony onto the bed and very forcefully not looking below Tony’s neck where he’s sitting in nothing but a sheer bralette and panties. He knows what they dressed Tony up for, and Steve would rather die than make Tony…
It took months for Tony to stop crying himself to sleep. It took him even to longer to stop waking up in the mornings and reach for Steve’s side of the bed. He still dialed Steve’s number absent-mindedly sometimes. Maybe, one day, Tony’ll move on. But for now, he’s coping. And that’s enough.
making this an au because i only have lke seven hours to finish t“Hi,” Steve crooned, crawling over the bed to where Tony was waiting with open arms. “Hi, sweetheart,” he murmured, kissing his neck and blowing a raspberry just to feel Tony squeal and bat at him uselessly. “How are you feeling?”
“That we did.”
he was biased. Howard had, inadvertently, brought Tony and Steve together.
Steve didn’t like to think about what Tony would be like if he’d grown up in a household like the Rogers’, where love passed freely, and how sweet Tony must’ve been to be like that, joyful and free.
The service itself is nice. It’s well organized, flowers - peonies because they remind(ed) Steve of his mother - abundant and red, white and blue everywhere. Tony’s to speak, he knows that. Rhodey’s behind him. He turns exactly 126 degrees to face Rhodey’s sympathetic face. He sniffs hard, once, twice, before placing his index cards down and following Rhodey’s form towards the stage. Natasha finished her speech up and beckoning for Tony to come up to the podium.
“Months!” the next shout came, and Tony flinched minutely as all of them swiveled towards him, tucking an errant curl behind his ear.
(See the end of the chapter for
, and-and-and--” Tony voice broke as he trembled, clutching the wooden spoon with white knuckles. “I--”
(See the end of the chapter for
He stops. What? Steve looks confused. Is this a part of the punishment? Make him repeat it often enough for him to know what he’d done wrong?
“You always jump these things on me with no warning!”
“We just got married, Steve.” Tony turned to look at him and Steve was horrified to see tears glittering in his eyes, reflecting proof of the grey eyed one’s blessing, even as they shone with sadness. “We just got married. I’m not with child, thank Zeus for that, and you are about to go off to fight someone else’s war in someone else’s land for someone else’s wife.”
Tony gave him a lethal side-eye, scrambling to his feet. “I am a fine specimen for human attractiveness and I will not stand for this slander,” Tony snaps immediately, hair askew and surprisingly offended, sashaying-as best a sweaty and greasy college boy could sashay-into their bedroom.
Saturday was a much dreaded day.
Tony hushed him, rocking them back and forth. “It’ll-” His voice broke. “It’ll be okay, Steve.”
Tony grinned and took a sip of his wine. “Honest to god, I swear one of them spent the entire date droning on about her bee in her garden and how she was sure this was a sign that Jesus hated her or something.”
His omega froze, and a soft noise escaped Tony. Steve didn’t even think Tony recognized it and belatedly he realized that this was probably a little more intimate than either of them were ready to get to, but the omega looked halfway to down from a little and touch and some praise and Steve would be surprised if he could get his clothes off all the way without going into shock or having a panic attack.
you want to talk!?” Tony stared at him with scathing furor, flushed red in anger. “It’s good to know that I have to be hysterical for you to care."
“What did I do wrong?” Tony whispered, feet fidgeting and Steve could hear their soft scuffle against the flooring. “Or, is-is it stress, because I can attend to that alpha--”
More than anything, he starts to
The alpha grabbed a nipple and pinched it harshly, twisting, making him sob with pain and screw up his eyes, whining as the alpha grabbed his chin and jerked his head up. "Look at me, whore. Look at
Come time for sleep, Tony shrugged on a sheer nightgown and did his best to cover himself with his robe that his Mamma had thankfully slipped into his suitcase.
“Yeah, that’s on me.”
Bucky growled softly and nosed at Tony’s bonding mark, scenting him. “I gotta surprise for ya lovely, but after that why don’t I give you a massage, huh?”
Sam grinned and slouched back in the diner booth. “Damn. So you’re the stupid best friend! He goes on about you for ages.”
“Well, anything other than building? Likes, dislikes, friends?”
He could wait till his sweet thing was ready. Until then, he’d just court his mate the way he deserved.
Steve dropped his bag with a thud in the foyer of Tony and his’ apartment wearily. Today had been a long, long day. Over in Brooklyn, there had been a shooting a local elementary school, the kid with the gun shooting three people fatally and several more in the hospital. To top it off, after his spree, the shooter had shot himself, committing suicide. He was a kid. A fifteen-year-old who probably had hopes and dreams and had people who loved him.
"We'll leave you here," the stranger murmurs with sickening softness. "And you can stay." Tony's stomach hurts, he doesn't know what's going on, he wants his mate, he wants
so i did some research, and they did have showers in the 40s, but only in higher-end places. if there're any other historical inaccuracies, just send me a dm, and i'll get right on it. don't forget to comment! :)
Steve shuddered against the hard plates of the armor. “Love you too.”
“Good boy,” Bucky murmured and grinned when Tony ducked his head a flush rising from his delicate collarbones to his cheeks. Bucky quickly pulled at the box, it falling open at a tug. It was an elaborate fake. Really it was just a kennel for the surprise inside with airholes and space for its contents, but it just looked any ordinary box. And out of the box sprung a little German Shepherd, its ears cocked up and skidding on the slick floors, nails clacking. “Hey little buddy,” Bucky murmured, picking up the puppy and smiling when it licked at his neck. “C’mon, let’s go meet your mama.”
Tony shook his hand silently, looking adorably sleep-rumpled in his hoodie and jeans. “I’m Tony,” he said and leaned over to press a kiss to the little boy’s cheek. “And this is Peter. Now what’re you doing?” he asked, glancing meaningfully between Peter and Steve.
we have an endgame! (Well, kind of). I still have plans for this fic, bc I don't think Tony's recovery and evolution really ends at them getting together (RELATIONSHIPS DO NOT CURE TRAUMA. YOUR S/O CANNOT FIX YOU, BUT THEY CAN HELP AND SUPPORT YOU.) so there's probably gonna be a relationship evolution right along Tony's story, which will start soon (maybe? i'm woefully scrambled with this) but we're getting there. anyway, toodles, and if you liked it make sure to leave a comment!
The door opens with a click and he hears Steve’s called out, “Tony?’ before hearing his footsteps approaching behind him and a little gasp. He supposes he makes a sight, blood dripping down his palms and scratches all over his legs. “What?”
“He was just a kid,” murmured Steve, choking back the lump in his throat and the tears that threatened to fall for the second time that day. “Younger than we were when we met.”
Tony smiled sweetly and scented him softly, burrowing close to his chest. “I can cook,” he said, muffled into his chest. “I got it.”
Tony sighed with understanding and opened the door wider. “C’mon in Buck-o.”
(See the end of the chapter for
real short, but again, running out of time.
Tony hadn't expected to be grabbed by the neck and swore at in an alpha voice to make him settle and hit over the head repeatedly with something blunt until everything swam, and he faded blissfully into the world of darkness.
"So," Steve said, breaking the silence and making him jump. "Tell me about yourself, hon."
Tony shrugged. “Feels like I’m losing it. After all,” he leered up at Steve. “I was screaming last night.”
“No,” Tony moaned. “You have to stay, you have to stay
Tony sighed. These kids would be the death of him.
They would probably think that Tony deserved it. (Not that he didn’t).
“Steve,” Tony huffed. “Don’t.”
Steve sighed and sat back as each of them babbled questions on top of each other. “Will all of you calm down? It’s not like I told you something life or death.”
Above the constellations swam as Artemis passed her course, the two clinging to one another as the sun rose.
“Uh-huh,” Tony mumbled, dropping a wet kiss onto Steeve’s collarbone. “Tired.”
He reeled Tony in by the nape of his neck, stretching them over the sofa so he could explore his omega’s mouth and the way he panted so sweetly against his lips, mewling and pressing into his body. “More,” Tony moaned, curling closer and closer until Steve tugged him down so they were laying on top of each other on the cramped couch.
“Sorry?” he sputtered. Great going Tony, his mind helpfully supplied
Tony sobbed and pressed closer to Steve.
“Meh.”
Tony shivered. “Feels nice.”
tw: panic attacks
Tony snickered. “Well, my legs still feel like jelly,” he swatted at Steve’s cheek as the alpha grinned smugly and satisfied pheromones filled their bathroom. “Stop looking so smug, that’s my thing Freezerburn.”
The only started talking after they were both situated with coffee in hand and pressed from knee to shoulder. Tony was unabashedly touch-starved and Bucky looked like he could use a hug or twenty. “So?” Tony asked, nudging Bucky. “What’s up?”
When Steve wakes up, Tony is fast asleep, still burrowed into his chest and wrapped in the blanket cocoon that Steve had tucked him into. He’s drooling, Steve notes affectionately, rubbing his back and carefully tugging his shirt down from where it had ridden up. He looks over Tony’s fluffy little head and slumps when he realizes that it’s already six and they had to be catching a train in an hour and a half, just enough time for them to shower and grab something for breakfast. He sighs again, the I’m-annoyed-but-I’m-gonna-suffer-tragically-but-while-looking-pretty one that Nat had so aptly named (he assumed, he got that a lot), and yes, Steve knows the names too. “Tony,” he leans down and murmurs into the omega’s ear. “We gotta go, sweetheart and I need to make sure you’re up."
Steve relaxed against Tony. “Love you most, Shellhead,” as his breathing came to a rattling stop and Tony finally broke with a wail.
“And you keep calling me pet names and I don’t know what to do and the last few weeks have been wonderful and the best I’ve ever had,” he swallowed, hiccuping, “and sometimes I wish I could just go, it’s not like anybody’d miss me, you’d probably be happier with me gone and you could find a good omega that can follow commands and is skinny and pretty and isn’t
Tony tugged him closer, his voice breaking on the apologies as Steve whimpered. “Love you.”
Tony watched him warily, making Steve’s heart twist painfully in his chest. Had he really disappointed Tony so often that he was so cautious at the thought of an actual date?
Steve frowned. “Tony,” he warned.
“Hi, sweetheart,” Steve said, opening his arms for Tony, longing for Tony's warmth against his own, as the other man hurried down the stairs and folded himself into Steves's chest.
Tony clutches him.
He doesn’t think he likes it.
Steve didn’t bother to hide his pout. “Dinner, then we’ll talk, alright?”
They fought like a well-oiled machine, one that made Tony’s engineering heart sing. “Looking good?” the Captain called through the comms, and Tony steadfastly ignored the ba-bump his heart made at Steve’s voice.
“No!” Tony said, blushing himself when Bucky stared at him with ice-blue eyes. His eyes have a bit of green in them, isn’t that interesting? His brain idly thought and Tony forcefully shoved that interesting tidbit of information away for when he was ahem alone. Tony stepped out of his doorway, but held the door open with one foot, awkwardly hopping and tugging Bucky a little closer. “No, it’s not the desserts that are the problem. Uh, you said that you baked when you were stressed and sad?” he looked up at Bucky to receive confirmation, and gently maneuvered them back to his doorway so he could stand normally.
Tony stared at him a while longer. “I lucked out in the alpha department didn’t I?” he breathed, and Steve’s brain went blank. Hundreds of tours across Europe and the country, giving speeches to thousands of soldiers, and he couldn’t think of anything to say to that.
“I’ve got ya, c’mere,” he crooned when Tony whined against his mouth, whimpering as Steve sucked on his bottom lip before nipping gently at it. “That’s it.”
Even though Tony was crying and obviously upset, and Steve wasn’t exactly happy either, this was a nice change from ignoring each other.
. Steve was big and warm and kind and he wanted to
"Tony, I always care. I know I’ve been busy for a few days-”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sorry.”
“Chatter,” Steve chided, interrupting their snark fest, his shield making a telltale ringing noise as it bounced off of doom bots.
Steve beamed and stuck his tongue out at the toddler in the seat next to him, scrunching his nose and widening his eyes comically.
“Not the most comfortable, no,” Tony admitted and they stood in silence for a moment. “So--”
Tony sighed and tipped his head forward, letting it rest against Bucky’s collarbone, the heat from his skin radiating off and making Bucky feel warm from his head to toes. “Not so great,” Tony mumbled. “Feet hurt too.”
Steve tugged Tony into his chest, taking a deep inhale of the oil Tony used every day and his born scent of smoke and rain. “I’ll come back, love,” he murmured. “I’ll come back and we can spend the whole week in our bed in Phthia until there’s no way you’re not pregnant, and we’ll live there, as king and queen or as pilgrims in the middle of the forest, I don’t care, and our little pup will be loved and cherished.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“How do you want me?” Tony asked, interrupting his train of thought. “I am yours to use as pleased, but how do you want me?”
It’s over as quickly as it starts.
He loosened as Steve laughed, blue eyes sparkling with mirth. “Nice ta’ know honey,” he managed through laughter as the train’s whistle blew, shrieking and making Tony cringe unbidden. The alpha stood smoothly but Tony didn’t miss the way Steve flinched right along with him at the shrill squeak. He offered Tony a hand, and Tony took it, relishing in his warm hands, and purring unintentionally as Steve helped him into his coat and slid his hands into gloves. “Thank you,” he murmured, curling up under his arm instinctively.
Steve didn’t respond until they were both in the car, only then turning to look at him with something unreadable in his eyes. “How did you know to do that?” Steve demanded and Tony flinched unintentionally, ducking his shoulders to make the hit he suspected was coming to avoid his already bruised shoulder from before the wedding. And Steve was a supersoldier, his hits had to hurt more than Howard, though the old man had a mean swing.
He sighed, rolling them over so they faced each other on their sides. “Yeah, sweetheart?”
for the first time in years.
Tony detangled his legs from Steve’s waist, and Steve let him, removing his hands from where they were clutching at Steve’s probably rather mussed hair. “We shouldn’t,” the young heir said, wringing his hands. “We are not--we cannot,” he started, but Steve interrupted him, his voice low. He knew where this was going.
Tony glared at The Captain. He refused to let ‘Notorious Villain The Captain Mothers Tony Stark’ becomes a highlight of the news for the week, he’s got enough work to do on his own.
“Hey, so the media thinks we’re dating.” The man he kept inadvertently bumping into, slipped into Steve's coffee shop booth and nearly startled the living daylights out of him.
“You goin’ down, sweetheart?” Bucky asked, pulling them both out of the dance floor and to the near-empty hall, which fully emptied when Bucky glared, tugging Tony behind him and watching as the last stragglers skittered down the hall. He pushed Tony gently against the wall, caging him in with his arms, knowing that it made Tony feel safer and more secure, a confession whispered in the dark. “Feelin’ floaty yet?” He fingered Tony’s collar, which he had bought for the sub when they had gone public, a collar being the traditional norm for taken subs.
“And you had to shove me to make that point?!"
“You’re dating him?” the incredulous shouts came, as Sam and Clint gaped, Natasha looked mildly surprised, which for her was about the equivalent of her jaw on the actual floor, and Thor looked surprised. “Tony Stark?”
“Bad,” he whimpers. He wants so badly for Steve to not be lying, but he knows what alphas are like. He’s not stupid, he learns from his mistakes and he won’t expect any dom to be lenient. “I was so bad, I didn’t mean to be, I promise!”
“Fish.”
“I’m telling Ms. Romonoff you said that,” MJ said flatly from the other desk, not looking up from her book.
I know I'm behind, but with school just starting, everything's a little bit hectic. Hopefully, I'll be able to catch up soon and then we'll be back to normal.
Steve was still frowning slightly but he mostly looked amused. “Nothin’ to be sorry about. It’s nice ta’ know you’ve got good friends, sweetheart,” he smiled comfortably. “I know I wouldn’t be alive if not for Buck.”
! please please please send me prompts and you can follow for some content that I might not put on here!
The steward smiled tightly and left, and Steve shut the door, turning to where Tony was standing in the middle of the room with his arms turned around his waist and nibbling on his lower lip. “Hello,” Steve tried, sighing with disappointment when Tony just whispered a quiet ‘hi’ and looked at the ground. “Are you cold?” he asked, trying to build a conversation. Their marriage was going to be pretty miserable if they didn’t talk to each other at all. “I can turn up the thermostat.”
Bucky ducked his head, a blush going up to his stupidly nice cheekbones. Not that Tony was staring. He wasn’t. It was just that Bucky was shaped very nicely, and had a drool-worthy metal arm, and an ass that wouldn’t quit. It would just be rude to not look.
Steve leaves early the next morning for something, and with his warmer gone, Tony is forced to wake up. He blearily wanders into the kitchen, already unpacked by whoever was in charge of welcoming America’s beloved Captain back home. He looks, but there’s no coffee maker. He’ll have to remedy that as soon as possible, but for then he settles on grabbing a cold glass of water. At the very least it’ll shock him awake. But he’s tired and bleary-eyed and he drops the glass, the cup shattering to a million pieces under his feet and the noise is enough to shock him right through his bones.
"Hot and smelly, more like,” Steve agreed, and then, “Ow!”
Tony scooted closer to him, nuzzling at the hollow of his neck and Steve could feel his muscles going limp as Tony’s soothing omega scent rolled over him. “We gotta get dinner.”
Tony flushed and looked down. “I don’t--”
“Dried?” Tony said, wincing. “Be gentle, please?”
hope y'all enjoyed!
Steve groaned and pushed Tony further up the wall, hiking up his dress over supple thighs and tugging at the modest neckline. Steve swallowed Tony’s broken moan into his mouth and wrapped his fingers around the omega’s leg as he wrapped them the best he could around Steve’s trim waist. “Steve,” the omega gasped, shuddering in the most delicious way when the blonde-haired alpha just moved his mouth to his neck. “Steve, stop.”
Pepper organizes the memorial service. Tony’s practically catatonic, the Avengers forcing bits of food down his throat even as his stomach rolls and gurgles. Rhodey flies in from Afghanistan to be there, shedding tears for the loss of what was his brother-in-law.
Steve smiled down at him and Tony didn’t even have to look to see it considering he could smell it. “No problem,” he murmured, and Tony whimpered under his breath as his new husband kissed his hairline. It was
“No darlin’,” Steve said with full sincerity. “No longer, and thank you for tellin’ me.”
Tony comes too when the door to wherever he is slams open with a bang and the scent of alpha comes in. He thinks he recognizes the scent, turning his nose us and blinking blearily at the source, getting a flash of red hair before curling back into his ball. "Oh my god," the person whispers, footsteps approaching him, and Tony forces himself to straighten to look up because the punishments were always so much worse when he didn't acknowledge the alpha. "Tony?" the alpha whispers and he shrinks into himself, looking at the alpha. It feels like it's been forever since someone's called him anything but bitch.
"Oh, honey," he hears distantly. "Oh, darling."
Tony swallowed. “I mean. If you want it to be a date then I’m okay with that. But if you don't!" he protested. "Then that's totally cool, and if you don't want to, like, ever ta--”
Tony leaned into him and Bucky helped him waddle into the foyer, where the box was still sitting inconspicuously, air holes drilled. “Still,” the omega groused. “Don’t need that many gifts.”
“I can tell,” replied Steve, amused, and dried them both off, before helping Tony hobble over to the bed. “Better?”
, Steve. I, uh,” Here, Tony hesitated. “I called Sam, and he said you, Bucky, and him went to the movies yesterday. How do you have time for them, but not me?” Tony looked so hurt, and it pained Steve down to his core. He hated seeing anyone upset, really, but seeing Tony’s face wet and flushed red felt like there was a rope around his chest that got tighter with every word. “Do you really not want to spend time with me? Am I that much of a bother?"
Steve jolted and had swept Tony up in his arms, pressing a kiss to Tony’s cheek and giving him a firm hug before he realized it. “Oh my god, sweetheart no,” he gasped before realizing what he’d done and dropping away from Tony abruptly. “Oh, I’m so sorry, I shouldn’t have touched you without asking, I--”
Steve frowned and got up, stepping closer to Tony when he was hugging himself. “How do I--what?”
Tony peeked up at him. “Please?”
"Please don't," he begs, his voice sounding far away to his own ears. "What do you--" realization dawns on him and he tries to turn himself over, to make it easier where it won't hurt his back so much. "Be quick please?" he dares to look behind him, where the alpha is staring with a hand over her mouth. "Don’t make it-Don't make it hurt. Please?" he tries again.
--No. Then he was back, and twisted blue eyes were staring. “‘M bad?” he drooled. “‘M bad?”
friends. “You spend time with Rhodey!”
Bucky snorted but didn’t say anything. This was an argument they’d had many a time. “Here,” he said instead, unwrapping his hand from Tony’s waist. “Just wait here.”
“Weeks, Steve. When was the last time we even spent time together without Bucky or Sam?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Take your time, Tony. That’s okay.”
He considers leaving, just getting out the door before Steve lays into him, and he knows he won’t be walking right at least, most likely not being able to move without wincing. He remembers when Howard laid into him the first time, how he couldn’t sit down or lie on his back for weeks. He considers dropping the glass and grabbing his case and leaving.
begin to differentiate or sort through them enough for Tony to understand how he made Steve feel, but Steve had always been a man of action for expressing how he felt, not really words. “I could never be tired of you, baby. Though,” he mused lightly, as they pulled away slowly, but stayed close enough so Steve could see every spot, pore, and mark on Tony’s face even as his back protested the stretch. Steve reached to kiss Tony’s nose briefly, cupping Tony’s cheek so he could rub his thumb over the arch of his cheekbone tenderly. “I could do without the scrambling in the middle of the night because you thought of an equation. That makes me tired.”
He doesn’t think he likes it.
Tony nodded. He didn’t look entirely convinced, but Steve would convince him. He had the rest of their lives to do so anyway.
Steve smiled and squeezed Tony’s knee, standing up and helping Tony up too to give him a hug again. “I’ve liked you since I heard that you got mad at your sexist physics professor at MIT and you put his car on top of the social studies department.”
“Honey,” Steve said, and when Tony looked cautiously back up through the hair that covered his eyes he could see Steve’s crinkled up face. “I’m not mad.”
Tony tried to smile. His Steve was dying. He couldn’t imagine a lie without him. A life without the soft morning snuggles. A life without the lazy morning sex. A life without Steve lounging in his workshop and sketching or playing with DUM-E. A life without the domestic mornings as Steve flipped a shit-ton of pancakes for their quirky team. A life without Steve, period. “Love you more.”
Tony shook his hand silently, looking adorably sleep-rumpled in his hoodie and jeans. “I’m Tony,” he said and leaned over to press a kiss to the little boy’s cheek. “And this is Peter. Now what’re you doing?” he asked, glancing meaningfully between Peter and Steve.
Nothing more, nothing less.
Tony shook his head, “In a good way Steve. Your performance yesterday was great, 10/10 would recommend. Well maybe not. I’m keeping you,” he whispered, tugging Steve down for a kiss.
Bucky sighed and took a sip from his mug, staring deeply at the contents, as if they had all the solutions. “My best friend Steve, he’s in the army. And, uh, he had a black-ops mission, which means--”
Tony tipped his head up and looks at the alpha. "Steve?" he mumbles. Steve smells nice.
He shrinks, hips dropping from where he had been holding them up, thighs shuddering and twitching. The alpha sighs, distantly. "They did what they always do to omegas."
short but i'm running out of time for this challenge.
Tony leaned in, “Tell me if you want me to stop,” he murmured. “But I’d like you to know this is because I want this, and not because I think you do.” He brushed his lips hesitantly over Steve’s and he--snapped.
Tony sat up and grinned as Bucky blushed again. “That was way too enthusiastic,” he whispered mortified. “But I’d love to.”
“Here,” he said instead. “Why don’t we make a schedule for chores later today or tomorrow. We can decide who does what, babydoll, you don’t gotta do everything on your own.”
Steve’s scent spikes anger again and then calms down into something soothing and reassuring. “Shh, honey,” Steve mumbles and rights him, apologizing when Tony whimpers as another cramp wracks through him. “C’mon, I’ve got you,” he says rocking them both back and forth, and Tony starts crying all over again, an action that makes Steve cup his face and wipe away the tears tenderly. “I’ve got you, Tones. C’mere precious, nobody’s gonna hurt you anymore. We can go home to our nest and I’ll take care of you the whole time, nobody’s gonna hurt you.” Steve keeps this up the entire time until the first alpha from before, the one with the fiery red hair and had been kind to him, opens the door and makes Steve get up.
Tony pulled away, lacing steve and his’ hands together, and Steve squeezed to reassure himself. “Good. Now c’mon, you look like shit, Rogers.”
“Aw, you think I’m hot?” snarked Clint, jumping off the building. It said a lot that Tony wasn’t even fazed by it anymore, and just twisted to go catch him. “I’m flattered.”
thanks for reading! and here's tony's outfit:
because the new man smells nice and kind and the blue eyes are grayer. "Oh, sweetie, you poor thing." The omega wrapped his hand around his ankle and Tony whimpers, tears quickening.
“What’s her name?” Tony asked, nuzzling the top of the puppies head as it licked his neck.
so, it's kind late because usually i post in the afternoon, but i'm legit a hot a hot mess rn with school and other stuff and i am so so sorry and i low-key hate this chappie but whatever.
Tony nodded and made grabby hands. “Cuddle me,” complained Tony, making big pouty eyes up at him.
Were those tears?
“Does anybody else know about this?” Natasha asked, successfully breaking up Steve and Clint’s staring contest, waving a fry between Steve and Tony.
(He’d admit he did stupid things sometimes just to make Tony laugh and coax him out of his shell, and stoutly ignored the fluttering in his stomach that was distinctly unlike friendship. The very first time Tony had disagreed with him, he’d clapped a hand over his mouth and sank to his knees with a sickening crack, turning pale enough that Steve worried for his health. They’d come a long way from that.)
“Honey, what happened?”
“No babydoll,” Steve interrupted, standing up so fast he knocked the chair right over. “You think--I would--you--oh sugar,” he whispered, going behind Tony when e turned back around to wrap his arms around Tony’s waist, and nuzzling at his shoulder, tantalizingly close to his marked-up bond mark. “Oh, sweetheart.”
“Curiosity!” Ned blurted.
“You know damn well that we do,” Tony answered back and thanked Thor that his voice didn’t waver. “Hottest people on Earth, right here.”
Tony laughed out loud, before covering his mouth in a futile hope of stopping his surprised laughter. “You burn like a lobster,” he giggled, pressing close to him. “I thought I blushed, but I guess not,” he wheezed, laughing harder as Steve blushed harder judging from the way his face felt like it was on fire.
The alpha's scent is tinged with worry and anger and Tony felt it spike and shrinks down into himself. He wasn't trying to be bad, he was trying so hard, was he not supposed to call his alpha Steve? Good subs do not call their masters by their first name, Tony thinks loosely, remembering the Old Ways protocol that Howard had tried to drill into him. "Sorry," Tony mumbles and tries to roll over. Infractions mean punishment, he knows that. But. He's so tired. And it hurts all over and it feels like his stomach is on fire and something's probably torn up inside him and Tony doesn't know what he wants. "'M sorry, sir."
The brunette on the pole turned and winked at them from where he was hanging, before flipping upside down and spreading his legs.
“You didn’t like him either, baby,” Steve started but winced as his back finally made a creaking noise he couldn’t ignore. “But I’d be happier to complain about him not twisted around?” he asked hopefully, turning back around and patting the seat next to him. “Sit with me? Better angle to see your pretty face anyway, baby."
Steve sat in silence and flipped through the sports section from the newspaper, where it sat on the table from that morning when Steve had tossed it on the table after breakfast. “Baby?” he said softly as Tony stood stoutly facing the stove. The easy warm atmosphere from before was gone, and Tony stood rigid. With his enhanced hearing, Steve could even hear Tony’s hand shaking as his grip on the spoon made it clank against the pan. “You okay?”
Tony didn't say anything. “It’s not your fault.” Tony’s voice was gravelly and Steve was so glad for his grounding presence. He felt Tony’s chapped lips press against his temple. “It’s not.”
Steve’s scowl deepened. "Jesus Christ, Tony. That’s what you shoved me for?"
“Hey, Steve,” came the voice from the top of the stairs. Tony was smiling at him warmly from the top of the stairs, wearing not much else other than Steve’s t-shirt and socks.
Tony turned his head to kiss Bucky’s palm. “No, sir.”
wanted. “Yes alpha,” he whispered after a moment. “And I’m not just saying that. I like cooking,” he said, pinking. “I can cook for you, alpha.”
He realized belatedly that he probably smelled distressed considering he hadn’t had time to pop a scent blocker in between going down (God, he was never gonna live that down, he was so
Steve smiled fondly, if a bit nervous, and squeezed Tony’s arm. “I do. You don’t have to agree or say it back until you’re ready or anything. But I want to put that out there.”
, just right.
“Alright, are you okay?” Tony finally asked when he saw Bucky show up at his door for the third time in two days, holding a basket -- fabulously smelling, he wasn’t going to lie -- of what appeared to be cupcakes. “This is the third time you’ve shown up in two days.”
“Well,” Steve said awkwardly. “I assumed this was a longterm thing, so pet names. But if it isn’t--”
“Yeah?” He smiled. “You hungry?”
“Wait, Rhodey? James Rhodes? JROTC?” Sam asked.
hmu on tumblr
“You mean Tony?” he asked, spinning around in his comfortable chair and wiping his charcoal-smudged hands down on his smock. “Yeah, I do. He’s a great guy.”
“You mean Tony?” he asked, spinning around in his comfortable chair and wiping his charcoal-smudged hands down on his smock. “Yeah, I do. He’s a great guy.”
“Daddy!”
. “Steve,” Tony’s voice had laughter, but as much as Steve hated it, still had trepidation. “Dinner’s gonna burn.”
Steve grinned and began to lather shampoo on a washrag, washing at Tony’s hair and scratching at his scalp, laughing at his soft moan, before rinsing it out and getting his fancy conditioner into his hair. “Your bath products are so unnecessarily frou-frou,” Steve murmured, massaging at Tony’s head and ducking down to kiss Tony’s shoulder. “What’s wrong with normal soap?”
Tony whined and went limp when Bucky attempted to move them both up. “Stop,” he groaned, sitting up when Bucky obligingly sat still. “It opens in fifteen minutes. We’re here early, because you, mister,” he poked Bucky’s chest, and Bucky couldn’t help but wrap Tony’s hands in his and press them to his chest. “No,” Tony complained. “You’re being sweet and distracting and it’s not helping.”
Bucky grinned and strode over, putting the puppy into Tony's waiting arms. “Just like you,” he said, laughing when Tony swatted at him.
When he looked up, Tony was beaming, a hand over his mouth. “Oh, it’s so cute!” Tony whispered. “And so small.”
“So would you date him?” Peter chimed in, and Steve choked.
“Alright, alright,” he said after a few moments of Tony shaking uncontrollably next to him. He couldn’t really bring it within himself to actually be mad, considering Tony was smiling wider than Steve’d ever seen him. “C’mon, you were saying dinner?”
“Research!” Peter chimed.
“Sorry, Cap.”
“Hey now,” Bucky started mildly. “I thought you were my good sub?”
The little boy giggled and squealed, clapping his hands. Steve winced as who he would presume to be the boy’s father stirred but then let out a breath of relief as the -- rather attractive, he wasn’t gonna lie -- settled again, this time at a position that had Steve wincing.
Tony slumps gratefully as the alpha drops him by the hair, curling into the fetal position and shuddering as someone shoves something in him. It’s too big, it pinches and prods at the wrong places and he goes limp, the world fuzzing into black around him as footsteps get farther and farther away from him.
No chance of otherwise.
Tony stood up, rubbing a hand over his belly and pulling Bucky’s hands away from his tie. “I’ve got it,” the omega murmured softly, kissing his stubbled cheek.
"No," he garbled against the dirty rag that had been shoved in his mouth, gagging at the taste of whatever was on there. He thrashed his head weakly, whimpering as his attacker grabbed his hip with a bruising grip and snarled into his ear, "Shut it, filthy whore. You're bad, you're so fucking bad, I don't know why your fucking alpha puts up with you," making him sink a little further down.
Pepper sighed and put her head in his hands. “Not now, Toni.”
Bucky ducked his head, a blush going up to his stupidly nice cheekbones. Not that Tony was staring. He wasn’t. It was just that Bucky was shaped very nicely, and had a drool-worthy metal arm, and an ass that wouldn’t quit. It would just be rude to not look.
Tony’s mouth opened and closed without saying anything. “You mean that? Because Steve if you’re not, I really can’t--” He stammered, breath going hysterical. “I--”
They sleep in the same bedroom that night and Tony learned that his new-husband was an octopus, though neither of them could say they minded.
. What the hell, Steve?”
Tony looked up, beaming. “You got me a present? You didn’t have to ya’know.”
“Baby?” Tony mumbled, his eyebrow cocking.
Steve grinned and kissed the top of Tony’s head. “Me too, sweetheart.” He had another three-word phrase in mind, but he didn’t think that they were ready for that yet.
“I’m sorry,” he mumbles because that seems like the best bet. “I await your punishment, sir. Master.”
Steve stares at him in awe. His sweet thing—not his, he wouldn’t be his until Tony knew he was his own first—was so giving, so kind. “Can I kiss you?” Steve barely recognized his own voice as rough and low as it went. “Please? You can say no of course but, please?”
“Yes, Captain,” Tony breathes, sinking lower.
Steve reached around to turn the stove off and led them both back to the couch. “C’mon, let’s sit down sweetheart,” he crooned, holding him close. “Sh-sh-sh,” he murmured, brushing away Tony’s hair from his face and running his hand over his back as Tony hid in Steve’s lap. “Baby, I am so sorry.”
I just wanted to explain what was going on, even though you guys do deserve better. thank you for all your support--your kudos and comments mean the world to me, and they are what especially motivate me to get that google doc open and start putting my ideas to text. Here's hoping that I can post next week!
Tony goes to parties like this every week. This is commonplace; something Tony will grouch and complain over but end up inevitably going under threat of death via Pepper’s heels.  Steve had kissed him goodbye laughter in his voice as he wished him luck, Tony pouting his voice belaying his amusement.
“Nothing, Alpha,” he mumbled but the poor thing was as stiff as a board and his hands were curled into fists against his thighs. “I yours to use as wanted.” The thing was obviously rehearsed, and Steve just about fell off the bed when he realized what Tony was referring to.
And I'm done! I am honestly so proud of myself, I was behind like a whole week and I got it done on time anyway.
would be the effects of the still-healing mating bite on Tony’s neck. Steve sighs and rakes a hand through his hair.
(See the end of the chapter for
MJ sighed and turned to face him, ticking off her fingers. “Ms. Romanoff would eat him alive, Mr. Barton would blow up the school with him, Mr. Banner would take over the world with their brains, Mr. Odinson is in a relationship and I don’t think he’s into polyamory, Mr. Coulson would chew him up and spit him out, I don't want to think about Principal Fury and Mr. Stark--" she said and Steve shuddered. Blech. "and Mr. Barnes would kill him in his sleep,” she said, giving Steve a frankly intimidating stare. "You're our last hope."
',” Tony sat up and straddled him, brushing a peck over Steve’s lips.
When the omega looked back up, Steve was sitting forward curiously. “You build?” He said and Tony flinched, ducking his head to block Steve’s view of the tears that would probably come when Steve started shouting. He was pathetic. Twenty-two years of being shouted at, and he still started to cry as soon as the voice came. They were in a private compartment if Steve cared, so their shouting would be muffled, but considering how revered Captain America was after his win over the Red Skull and the Nazis, Tony knew that not many would care about him shouting.
“You didn’t--”
"Tony, honey, no." he whimpers at the disapproval in his voice. He was trying to be good, why didn't he--Was he doing it wrong? "Bucky you need to get in here. Now."
“BARNES KNEW BEFORE US!?”
Tony eyed him. “Not my fault that Little Steve is so nice.”
Being married is weird. Everyone keeps looking at him with reverence and intrigue when they see the Captain walking alongside him, the hero from the war, the one that all the omega’s swooned over and the alphas wanted to be like. Before everyone looked at him like he wasn’t worth their time or ignored him completely, and to be scrutinized now whether he is worthy of the Captain is different.
Tony sobbed into his mouth before quieting as Steve pulled one hand strategically on his waist and
“I need your help,” a sudden voice came from behind him and Steve jumped high enough and forcefully enough that his knee banged hard against the wood of his desk. Steve bt his lip and clutched his knee and swore internally in the case it was his boss. 'Fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me', and all that.
“This time?” Steve asked, apparently surprised into silence.
And then it all comes spilling out, how he’d startled and dropped the glass, and he didn’t know where the broom was or if he was allowed to use it, and how he was sorry he’d broken his property and he was trying to clean and---
Tony bit his lip and wrapped his arms around himself. “Howard said that--”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony was reeled into a hug, when the man put his lips to Tony’s ear and murmured, “My name’s Bucky and the blonde is Steve. Just go with it.” He pulled away and stared stonily at Ty, his hand tightening on Tony’swaist when Tony subtly shifted and showed him the bruises on his wrist. Tony was done dealing with this douchebag, and if these two guys were ready to wail on him, he was absolutely okay with that.
“Sorry.”
Steve tucked Tony into his side. “I have to go,” he said softly after a moment’s silence. “If someone took you, I would tear the world apart to get you back,” and despite where the Fates had cruelly let them land he cracked a smile and the way Tony’s head ducked as a blush traveled up his neck and down the neckline of his dress at the affirmation of his love. “It’s only fair I extend the same courtesy.”
“Fuck Howard,” Steve said vehemently, causing Tony to jump. “I would never, and any decent alpha wouldn’t either. Just because we’re an alpha and are biologically equipped with a knot doesn’t mean we have the right to go sticking it anywhere we want.” By the end of the rant, Steve was flushed in the cheek and Tony looked dubious. “I promise you unless you explicitly tell me you want it, babylove, I would never.”
Steve laughed, and reeled Tony in, kissing his stomach teasingly and blowing a raspberry. He clutched Tony as he squealed, and tugged him into his lap, hugging him warmly as Tony relaxed. “Sorry, Tones,” he chuckled, ignoring the way his hindbrain (stupid things with its outdated ideas) urged him to sink his teeth into Tony’s unblemished neck. “But we do gotta talk about it.”
Steve sighed, his breath ruffling Tony’s hair. “I know.”
Steve cracked a half-smile. He’d probably have nightmares, but for now, he would be alright.
“I meant together,” Tony said, his shoulders slumping as he brought a hand up to rub over his face. “We haven’t gotten a second of time to ourselves in
“Oh, no!” he exclaimed, something that gave Tony quite a jolt. “I’m not going to, I would never,” he babbled, setting Tony down and kneeling in front of him, off the bed. “I would never, ever have sex with you unless you wanted it.”
I was reading Song of Achilles when I thought of this, hence the Greece AU.  I hope you enjoy!
,” he said, scratching at Tony’s scalp. “In awe, darlin’ none of that pity.”
His eyes water at the pain and oh no, he knew it wasn’t going to last, he fucked up, he did, and he had to get it cleaned up before Steve came home. He doesn’t know where the broom is, he realizes belatedly and drops to his knees, ignoring the sharp pain of glass in his legs.
Steve swallowed down the anger hesitantly. “Tony? Honey, are you crying?” Steve asked concernedly, reaching up to cup his face, to feel his temperature. Tony didn’t cry in front of him
edit: there are a lot of cow references? and i??? have no idea why???
They had come a far way in two weeks from their first few days together and they’d put together a schedule about how Tony did that cooking, and Steve did the laundry (Tony vehemently hated the laundry), the rest of the chores divided by day. Tony smiled more, he laughed more, he lounged semi-comfortably in their living room with less fear of judgment. He joked, and as the weeks passed, Steve got more and more of a look at
“S’okay,” Tony said, baring his neck for easier access. “But maybe we should’ve cleaned up before bed.”
They all shut up for a precious few seconds, before the barrage started again, this time much more coordinated. “So,” Sam started slowly. “Is this serious?” He was looking straight at Tony, and Steve figured that this was their way of assessing Tony and Steve was overcome with as much fondness for their protectiveness as he was annoyed for sizing Tony up.
is not something he would use to describe anything right now. “Honey?” the alpha asks, and he twitches, because somebody else calls him honey, somebody with blonde hair, and a voice like sunshine, and blue eyes--he cringes. He remembers the alpha’s voice and the way he’d fucked into him cruelly, and he quivers, crying softly. His belly hurts.
“Mr. Rogers, do you like Mr. Stark?” Ned asked out of the blue, and Steve muttered something colorful under his breath when he jumped and his pencil jerked.
Bucky grinned down at his, kissing the omega’s temple. “Don’t’cha worry your pretty little head about it,” he said. “It’s my pleasure.”
"Sorry, Steve.”
Tony grinned and squeezed Bucky’s knee. He had a date.
“We’re fucked,” Steve hissed back, gripping Bucky back just as hard.
i didn't get a chance to respond to all you your comments from my a/n, but i'm so grateful for all your support. i'm glad that people are caring enough to care about the author, not just the work, and i'm so grateful that all of y'all have been so kind and sweet about this.
hope you liked it! if you did, be sure to leave a comment and a kudos. see y'all later!
"What?” Tony said, righting himself before Steve could even reprimand him for diving headfirst from the back of the couch. “You were saying, Steve?”
Steve gaped. That was what this was about? He had a huge art project due in weeks, his first subject had dropped out on him and caused him to waste weeks of time, and Tony was mad that he hadn’t come to bed? “I was fuckin’ busy, Tony! And that means you have to shove me?”
"Good riddance,” Steve grumped. Even the thought of Howard was enough to put a scowl on his face. The only thing that man had done for Tony was bankroll him enough that he could leave New York and the shitty mansion to find real friends and real people who loved Tony for Tony, not for what Tony could do for them. But
Tony shuddered at the statement, a fire lighting inside him. “You can’t go,” Tony said fiercely, clutching the fabric of Steve’s tunic. “I won’t let you.”
Tony grinned and flushed, Steve stealing a look towards Natasha and watching her narrow her eyes at Tony. He smiled and didn’t say anything when she turned her suspicious eyes on him. He knew that was her look when she claimed people and took them under her wing. “Just him?” she asked.
"Oh, sweetheart," the new alpha breathes and strides forward, the footsteps surer than the other ones. He doesn't see what the new person does, but he can feel another set of hands, both flesh and skin and bone this time, gently moving him out of the omega's arms who let’s go of him willingly. He whimpers with discomfort but squirms as the new alpha tugs him into his arms and hold him tight. He feels a hand stroke up and down his back before dipping down between his cheeks and pulling out whatever has been pinching inside him, the bright pink sex toy landing with a thud a few feet away. There's a heavy scent of anger and a growling noise that makes Tony feel all frozen and tight inside before it leavens out and feels something heavy and leather drape over his shoulders and he sniffs it precariously. Smells like the omega.
1. I will be posting a chapter every Wednesday now that my schedule's been figured out, and near the end of the fic, I might post chapters twice a week; I'll keep y'all posted.
Steve smiled and cupped Tony’s cheek, rubbing the smooth, rouge touched cheek. “Then why can’t we?” he pressed their lips together to quickly swallow Tony’s arguments. The fastest way to stop Tony from saying something rash, he had learned, was to kiss him. For a man who was claimed to have slept with his whole kingdom, he always got wonderfully flustered after a kiss.
“Please don’t call my dick ‘Little Steve’,” Steve mumbled against Tony’s hair. “You wanna bath?”
“C’mon, honey,” Steve murmured instead of the choice words he had for Tony’s family and reached for the zipper and clasp on the back of the dress. “Let’s get you into something comfortable.”
Tony leaned his head on the window, relishing the cold and the slight bumps as the train carried him farther away from home. Really, he wasn’t going that far, just an hour by train, and if they got the service they got that morning, it would be even less.
“So,” Steve announced. “We’ve been doing this all backward.” He bit his cheek to keep from laughing when Tony jumped about half a foot in the air and whirled to face him, waving his spatula with one hand in mock threat.
Tony sighed. “Don’t pick an argument with me when I’m about to fall asleep in the bath. Damn, it’s like I’m an old person.”
Tony scowled and leaned back in his seat with his arms crossed. “This is your fault.”
we finally meet bucky! and also, steve is very Not Okay. this chappie is a little bit longer than some of the other ones, so hope y'all enjoy!
Tony grinned, dinner ignored. “I think you just might be,” he joked shakily and purring as Steve sighed, chest rumbling and brushing his lips against Tony’s soft cheek, and the omega leaned down to brush his lips against Steve’s again. “You just might.”
“I-you like Sam an’ Buck, Tony!” Tony couldn’t seriously be mad about spending time with
“But he’s so cute,” Tony whined and kept petting Dodger, scratching behind his ears. “Aren’t you boy? Yes, yes you are!” he crooned in a baby voice, and wow, this was a side of the seemingly callous boy that Steve hadn’t seen.
Tony flinched, looking at him through surprisingly thick lashes and shaking his head, before flinching and mumbling, “Whatever you would like, sir.”
Tony hid his face, ruddy with tears--
Tony huffed at him, arms crossed over his chest. "Hi, it’s me, your
as the evac got closer and Natasha screamed at them, desperately ordering them to
tw: suicidal thoughts and body dysmorphia, tho mild
“I don’t know where else I would be,” Tony said softly. “It’s our wedding peak, Steve.”
Tony nodded his head. “Yeah. My best friend, Rhodey, knows about this.” Sam perked up at the sound of Rhodey.
Tony frowned and worried his lip. “Doesn’t seem right for an alpha to do the house chores.”
right--”
Bucky sighed, lovestruck. He always felt good when Tony called him sir, whether Tony was down or just as a loving term in their home. “Yeah?” he asked, standing again and starting to strip off his suit jacket and unknot his tie that Tony had done this morning. “What’d ya do today, darling?”
“Mm.”
Steve could admit they had a point.
Tony ducked his head. “But-But you’ll still be gentle with me? You won’t--”
Tony dropped unceremoniously in front of the supersoldier and pulled Steve into his arms.  “Steve,” Tony gurgled pleadingly. “Steve, please.”
Tony would usually argue Steve on that but he just dismantled the armor, bracing Steve so that he could lie on Tony without the hard ridges of the armor digging into his already battered flesh. Tony hummed quietly as Steve’s breathing hitched and picked up speed. “Tony, Tony, ‘m scared,” Steve sobbed, panting and gasping.
, Steve.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Bucky nodded and rubbed his hand over Tony’s belly. “Mhm. Now our pup will have a friend,” he said.
,” and Tony whimpers a little bit before clamping his mouth shut. He’s becoming weak, months ago before college he could take shouting and beating without noise and before he’s even punished he’s crying. Christ, he’s
Bucky didn't need any further encouragement, striding to the bed and tugging Tony into a hug, pulling back to rub his nose against the omega. “Hi, sweetheart,” he murmured, fingering Tony’s collar. “Have you been watching TV all day?” he asked disapprovingly, cupping Tony’s cheek and sitting on the edge of the bed.
he’s so greedy, he’s not supposed to make deals with his alpha, his dom, he knows better. “Please, please don’t be mad, don’t shout, I’ll be good, I promise.”
“Don’t you have a dog at home?” Steve said with a sigh, “Big house like yours, I’d be surprised.”
Bucky tucked them both into his side. “His name is Fish.”
Bucky snorted but didn’t say anything. This was an argument they’d had many a time. “Here,” he said instead, unwrapping his hand from Tony’s waist. “Just wait here.”
, and I’ve been
Steve felt his heart break all over again as Tony shivered. “Yeah, Tony,” he whispers. “So good for your Captain.”
author's note--sorry
“Thas’ shit,” Steve said vehemently, surprising himself as forceful as it came out. “It’s not jus’ for ‘an omega ‘ta do all the work at home, baby, it ain’t right.” He took a deep breath when he saw Tony staring at him, lips parted. “My Ma didn’t raise me that way, babydoll, it ain’t right.”
“Well, you are pretty small,” Steve said, grinning up at his husband and lacing their fingers together as Tony swatted at his shoulder. “And we do look pretty good together.”
He heard footsteps and the door opening with a click as Tony walked in sometime in and wrapped his arms around Steve’s slim waist. “Hurgh,” he mumbled against Steve’s back.
“Thanks, I’m really feeling the love,” Clint complained, deliberately missing Tony’s suit and making the brunette chuckle.
Steve’s too busy with the first bot in front of him that even his enhanced senses miss the doombot behind him, armed with a piece of shrapnel from a nearby collapsed building. The team’s spread out thin, Doom armed with more bots than usual and the team out of range. The shuddered gasp from the wound is soft and muted over the comms but it’s enough for Tony to figure out that Steve’s been hurt. The silence in response to the team’s pleading feels like forever and hell and Tony screams, his suit erupting with lasers, uncaring of the damage to nearby structures before blasting off to JARVIS’ harried voice providing the coordinates of the Captain.
Tony covered Bucky’s knee with his hand a squeezed. “I know what it means. My best friend, he’s in the air force.”
“Anyway, the mission was supposed to be for a week, but it's been nearly two, and I’ve just been really stressed out.”
to be subtle at hinting that I want your attention for weeks and you even haven’t noticed
The omega turned and give him a blinding smile.
Steve grabbed his hips with one hand and held him in place. “Almost done, babe,” he said, hushing Tony. “Almost done. I’m sorry.”
“Alright, are you okay?” Tony finally asked when he saw Bucky show up at his door for the third time in two days, holding a basket -- fabulously smelling, he wasn’t going to lie -- of what appeared to be cupcakes. “This is the third time you’ve shown up in two days.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well, we were up for hours, Steve, and I know I’m a handful,” Ton laughed. “I don’t blame you for literally falling asleep. Also, last I remember, your knot was pretty snug.”
His name wasn’t Bucky, no he was--he was Tony, yes?
“But you’d be so cute together!” wheedled Peter.
i swear these chapters just get longer and longer. also, HAPPY NEW YEAR!!! :)
Steve snorted and climbed into the bed with him, kissing behind his ear and spooning him. “Coming.”
