"I miss him, Jesus fucking Christ Mycroft, I bloody miss him" Sherlock shouted, standing to his feet once more, reaching his hands up to pull on the strands of his hair "It's been torture, I have spent every single waking moment just thinking about John Watson. I could be in the middle of a shooting ground and the only person I'd think of was John Watson and how I wish he was there, he has taken over my mind and my mind palace and if I don't see him soon I will certainly go insane"
"Jesus, have you cleaned in here?" John asked, turning to look at Sherlock who was stood awkwardly in the middle of the room.
"Now?" John asked, his eyes furrowing together "Whilst you're working on the case?"
And as they stayed there, John Watson stood looking through the gap in the door, tears falling down his cheeks and a feeling of comfort washing over his body as he watched. What ever this was, he needed it - desperately.
"It's been months, instead of demanding to know where he was or hunting him down, you've instead spent your entire time sulking in this bloody flat!"
"Yes, I know all about it" She shrugged it off as if it was nothing "my friends think you're a bit of a badass. I'm a bit gutted that you didn't tell me about it though"
"Rosie adores you. I saw you both earlier, she came to you for advice and comfort - something she's not too comfortable to do with me, she's always been so reserved yet with you she's an open bloody book. How?"
"Does he always pick on you?" He asked, following her into kitchen.
"I-" he starts and stops, gulping at the sight of John's plump lips only a mere inch away from his own and he could have moaned at the thought, but he knew better than that. He knew not to allow John to see his vulnerability.
"Mary said in her final video, save John Watson, when really, John Watson was always the one who saved me" he spoke, his words baffling himself never mind Mycroft "without him, I am in fact, a lost cause"
"You didn't call. You didn't text. You didn't write. You did nothing. You just left me in the dark, do you realise how fucking shitty that is? My best friend fucks off for years and doesn't even send a bloody post card!"
"Wait, what? What do you mean?"
"Not yet" John added slyly, walking ahead to open the door to the hospital. A small smile on his face as he let the two men through before walking in himself.
"- Mycroft is Sherlock's brother. He's - well, if you think Sherlock is bad then when you meet Mycroft you're in for a real shock"
John sat there, his body still stunned and yet he felt himself tear up, he had never seen him so fragile and frail and to know it was due to him made it hurt even worse.
"You have to leave in five minutes, hurry up!"
"Sherlock, get up, for goodness sake"
A bullet, straight through his head, an easy way to go, John thought - painless.
"How could I? Your brother gave me one last compliment and then, before I could ask, he did it, right in front of me" Sherlock explained "he was damaged, beyond repair"
"If you would have done this when I met you, things would have been so different"
rather than his soft
"More like step-father duties" he scoffed. "Before you know it, there will be family holidays to benidorm and family days out at the zoo"
"At no expense" Sherlock nodded, his fingers forming a pyramid shape in front of his face - much like he used to, sending a fond sense of memory rushing through John's body.
"Wait" John finally lifted his head, his eyes wide "Sherlock, why can I smell smoke?"
After a lot of Chinese food, listening to Rosie slag off her best friends about how they're all a bunch of bitches and being forced to watch Family Guy, John had finally managed to get into bed at eleven. Wrapped up in duvet, his head on his pillow and he couldn't believe the day he had been subjected too. He didn't know whether to cry or laugh, he was completely bewildered by it all. He lay there silently, looking up at the ceiling for ages until he had remembered his phone going off earlier on in the night when Rosie had been ranting, he couldn't check it because she had called him a rude dad and that she would contact social services for neglect if he looked at his phone.
"It's fine honey, just get your shoes on - something has happened, I'm sorry, you're going to have to go to your Aunts tonight" John attempted to explain, attempting a smile.
"It seemed a lot harder than it really was. I didn't quite understand how to approach it"
"I mean, you can still surprise me but yes, you don't have to prove anything else. I know how hard it is for you to show affection" John spoke, biting his lip as he leaned back slightly, his arms still wrapped around his neck.
"I'll definitely be thinking about it" Sherlock chuckled lightly, this time smiling as he set a loving, gentle kiss against his lips. It was still so surreal having this pleasure, the pleasure to kiss Sherlock Holmes whenever he pleased.
"Change my mind? God, no, not at all" Sherlock shook his head, never, he would never change his mind when it came to John Watson "It's just... I love you, I want all of you and everything that comes with it. It's just, this, the physical aspect of the relationship is all very new to me. I just hoped we could take this one step at a time"
Would that be a good thing? Or not? She couldn't figure it out at this point - she was as baffled as Sherlock, that was certain.
"I don't know if I can" Sherlock shook his head gently, his attention firmly on John, his body shifting to the side, a few steps between them yet their chests in-line.
Sherlock was quiet for a moment, his eyes closing for a second before the words escaped him "I was only a good detective because I had John Watson by my side, he's the reason I am who I am today. Without John Watson, I will simply be the arrogant arse than everybody could happily deal without"
"He didn't have to die" Craig said firmly "He could have lived"
And that was, fear. It had taken Sherlock years to even consider this emotion, but yet, even as scary and bewildering it was, another emotion was building up inside him like a ticking bomb, building and building until we would explode, attacking himself and anyone around him.
"Indeed"
"Yes, and you love Italian" Sherlock retorted "Are we just naming food we love? Because, if so, you also love KFC but you know it's full of fat, grease and oil so stray away from it"
"I can't afford to do this unless you're serious, I have a daughter and a life to consider" John closed his eyes, trying to escape his thoughts as they repeated '
"Yes" Sherlock nodded, deciding not to argue.
John was silent, his eyes wide and his lips straight, not a single pour of emotion wiping over the deadpanned expression he displayed.
"Are you still that oblivious? Even to yourself? Everyone knew you two were in love with one another, John. Everyone. But you were both too bloody stubborn to do anything about it"
"But I did return" Sherlock inched a step forward, his voice soft and low "I'm here now, I came back to see you John, no one else"
"how can you be so casual about this? You, out of all people. You told me countless times that
"Everyone has their kinks, greg" John teased, pushing the backpack higher on his shoulder.
"Yeah" He shrugged "kind of, I have the chance to take the day off tomorrow though if I want, so I have a long weekend off really"
"I told you I was leaving" Sherlock spoke warily, his fingers fidgeting as he looked at John with such sincere eyes "I wrote it in that letter you seem to hate so much. I thought the placement for my brothers assignment would take a few months, turns out it took a few years and after, well, I couldn't bare to come back so I simply stayed"
John looked between the both of them, hoping that at least one of them would say something, anything in fact. He could even be happy with Sherlock making a sarcastic comment about how she's already taller than him. But, what happened next wasn't what he was expecting.
"you what?" John frowned.
It was dim, the room felt empty, the once colourful array of colours that would light the room in such a way it would be described as lustful, now seeming nothing more than the patterns of - once was.
"and you're trying to keep me safe, right?"
"What? That you wanted me to kiss you?" John questioned with an eyebrow raised. "That's why you wanted to come home?"
"I'd much prefer you to stay here this evening, but if you would rather-"
"You could say that"
"Oh?" John said, gulping as he turned back to the paper.
"Yes, well, she is very unique" Sherlock nodded an agreement "I was worried that you had only expressed your feelings because I had, worried in case it was more pity towards me than truthful"
"Thank you" Rosie whispered just loud enough so that John could hear too, still gripping onto Sherlock.
"I love you"
She stayed silent for a minute, her hands twiddling together as she took it all in, John didn't know what she was going to say next. That's the problem with teenagers, they were so bloody unpredictable.
"Oh, I wanted to know whether I'm getting the bus home after school or getting a taxi to Baker Street?"
"You read your fathers blog, didn't you? Your mother and I were very good friends. I cared for her very much" Sherlock answered instantly.
"I said, I have no-"
"I've never known a girl to be on their phone so much, it's like she's attached to it, almost like a limb" Sherlock continued. "Should really set a time limit for her usage, John. She's only thirteen and completely reliant on it"
"Much... Would you... Like me to return to favour?" Sherlock asked, tilting his head slightly.
And that's when Sherlock knew, he knew he was absolutely in love with John and he knew that nothing, not a single thing could be as perfect as this moment.
"So, you do? Always had a thing for your best friend, well, that's definitely something for the blog. 'Sherlock Holmes reveals he has always fancied his best friend' "
John frowned, trying to examine the emotions all illuminating from Sherlock's features but he couldn't, as hard as he tried, he had never seen this before. But instead, he forced a smile, gripping Sherlock's thigh, urging him to carry on.
"maybe we should discuss this with her later? If you think it's a good idea?" John nodded "I suppose she is rather hooked on it"
"So, are we going to talk about the other day?"
"No, I meant about the fact you just nearly let me kiss you again"
"And what was he like? Was he excited?"
He sighed, taking the keys out of ignition and unbuckling his seat belt, he opened his door stepping out onto the familiar street. Breathing in the London air, so familiar but so foreign, it was an over-whelming feeling.
"Good" Sherlock nodded, leaning against the wall and crossing his arms over his chest.
"Yeah" He replied, closing the door behind him and walking slowly, step by step towards Mrs Hudson's door. He didn't have time to open it himself, it swung open showing a very smiley and very fragile looking Mrs Hudson.
"Then I can't seem to understand why she would punish you for it, it's unlikely it would cause any harm to the other student"
"Oh, what for?" Sherlock asked, not daring to move his arms just yet.
"Well, you all did, at one point" and John knew that was a dig, he was expecting it. He knew he couldn't pop round for lunch and not get some sort of telling off from his adoptive mother.
"What?" He stopped, his feet coming to a halt as the idiotic look of confusion spread across his features.
Sherlock frowned, shaking his head violently. He rolled his eyes, standing to his feet as he began to pace once again "I can assure you, I have not taken a thing on John's special day" the last three words coming out much more bitter than he anticipated.
"Wait, what? would have what?"
Second chapter posted!
"Where are you two going?" She asked, doing as she was told as Sherlock returned down the stairs with a bag packed for her.
"I'm glad you came" he admitted, leaning forward in his chair slightly "I wasn't sure if you actually would or not"
Rosie walked ahead, grabbing her dads keys as she head for the front door. "I'll meet you in the car" she said, opening it, leaving it open as she walked out. Sherlock looked at John and could see every inch of worry that spread across his face - he wasn't going to let him lose anybody else, not today, not ever.
But it certainly wasn't this.
"I think the two of you need to sit down and have a little chat" She walked behind Sherlock, placing a hand on his back once again, then her other on his arm. She guided him around, turning him so John could see the full extent of the situation. She walked him until she could sit him down on the sofa.
"No, because Molly would never forgive you"
"Nothing, that's the whole problem! He's done nothing at all, the absolute arrogant arse has not so much as spoke about it since that day. I thought I could wait, I really did, but now I'm really not so sure"
"You" John began mumbling against Sherlock's lips as his fingers worked the buttons on his freshly ironed shirt "are fucking beautiful"
"the same applies - I don't wish to do anything I am simply going to carry on without cases or murderers, John will be doing the same. I wish for nothing more than, well, a simple life"
Rosie laughed at that, covering her mouth in an attempt to stifle it in.
"I don't love KFC" John mumbled as Sherlock stepped inside the taxi.
"He's not here, I think we've got the wrong man" Sherlock shrugged "It's fine, I was tired anyway - I could really do with getting in bed and having a good ten hours sleep, what about you John? Ready for bed?"
(See the end of the chapter for
John knew that living with sherlock would force him to look after not one but two children, having Sherlock was like looking after a grown and extremely taller teenager a lot of the time.
"No, it's never bloody locked. It's my home too, Rosie" He laughed lightly, pushing the door open wide and standing to the side to let her in.
John frowned "By things, you mean?".
"I'm sorry John, I should have known it would have been a sore subject"
"N-" He starts, coughing out before continuing "No, I'm fine, I'm absolutely fine"
And then, he was walking away from him. His steps slow and dreary until soon, his tall, dull frame had disappeared into the kitchen and all was heard was his footsteps until the door to his bedroom closed with little effort.
It took him a few seconds to turn, his slow actions feeling like a life time but when he did, his heart sank more. He fell back slightly, his legs unsteady, he reached for the table behind to steady himself. His chest was heaving, his heart most definitely going to explode from his chest at any moment, he was hyperventilating. He was gripping onto the table as though it was going to save him.
"And you can. But, there's a time and a place for bonding with him and tonight, it's me and him. We also need to find ourselves again, it's been a long time since Sherlock was in my life and I want to be able to get to know him all over again" John spoke sweetly, a small smile on his lips.
"Your mother - surprisingly, much like you, she liked me instantly. I met her not long after I had left John for a while, I returned not knowing what to expect and even though your dad wasn't quick to forgive, your mother convinced him instantly. I knew I liked her, even if she did shoot me and drug me" He stopped, realising what he was saying "- yes, but, even so, she was an extremely intellectual, brave and brilliant woman who loved both you and your dad very much. And she even told me she loved me as well, she was very much family to me"
"The moan?" She asked.
"I completely agree" Sherlock nodded.
He shook his head, he needed out. He stood up, not bothering to look at him as he turned, his body flushing with anger. He could punch the man, honestly, he could easily.
"He loves you, you know"
"And... you" John breathed out, looking up at Sherlock to assess the reaction.
He stood still, his lips closed, silent - nothing in the air but Sherlock and John's equally unsteady breath, usually Sherlock would have intervened by now but John didn't have the time to ask what he was doing, he was too focused on the man in front of them.
"No, my answer is no. I'm not doing it, that is the end of discussion"
"You'll be surprised to know that Mary had seen it coming, she said something about always knowing" John attempted to explain "she... well, she was extremely fair, considering I abandoned her on the day of her dreams. I think she'll forgive me with time, I'm sure"
"Yes"
However, Sherlock didn't care, he sat there, eating his Linguine with one hand as his other worked on the test tubes he had lined up.
He hadn't stepped foot inside for a very long time, eventually giving up on sitting and waiting for him after many years, he almost felt a sense of anxiety, he knew that the moment he walked back in, it would all start again. And that was extremely daunting, but yet, he followed Sherlock in.
"Yes, Mrs Hudson did make me aware of that. That is no way to live, John. Not at all"
"Oh" he nodded, his eyes furrowing as he tried to come up with an answer. Did he really want her to meet him so soon? He was after all, her Godfather. "Are you really that desperate?"
"Sherlock, you should know by now that you should say hello when you enter a room and not barge in like you own the place" John scolded.
Okay, this is my first attempt at kind of smut, I feel so uncomfortable writing it but i know it's what people want so here we go!
"My apologies, not very gentlemen-like, is it?" Sherlock grinned, his eyes still dazed as they took in every part of the man in front of him.
"Jesus, but it's no where near Bonfire Night? How does he expect to find a bonfire at this time of the year?"
He reluctantly lifted his head and reached out, pressing the number 3 on his phone to reach reception "Send in the next one, lucy"
Mrs Hudson stood to the side, allowing both Mycroft and Lestrade to walk in beside her. Mycroft looked stern, as ever his eyes showing no concern for what was going on. Whereas Lestrade had a look of amusement plastered all over his face, his smile wide as he glanced between the two of them and it was clear he knew. In fact, John could sense that he knew, so he simply leaned back onto the arm of the chair, crossed his arms and kept his head down. Not quite ready for whatever he may say next.
They both watched, Mycroft left the room, his fellow government officials following his steps until the door closed - leaving only John and Sherlock and the odd few officers lurking, in the room.
"My sentiments exactly" Mycroft nodded "she is stable - for now. However she is critical, she will need a skin graft on her right leg, she had unfortunately been stuck in the kitchen for quite some time and the skin is badly damaged. They should be taking her within the next fifteen minutes"
"I don't know, I wasn't paying attention"
"ah, once again, sorry" John shrugged an apology but was met with a smile.
"Mrs Hudson on a rampage" Sherlock chuckled lightly.
"You're amazing" John spoke, coming out as nothing more than a loud whisper, his eyes wide as he admired the former detective.
"Yes" John winced at the memory.
He was ready to pop and he would have said something right there and then if it hadn't have been for the moaning sound that escaped Sherlock's phone. He suddenly didn't find it possible to speak, he could barely find it in him to function.
"For... what you did"
"but-" they both tried to protest but John's stern glance was enough to stop them.
And Sherlock had frozen, his whole body into shock - never did he expect to be considered for such a role of importance in John Watson's wedding day, let alone did he expect to be involved in it at all. If anything, Sherlock didn't want any part in it, not because he hated Mary or that he didn't like Mary and John together, well he thought he didn't, but because in some ways, the idea of watching John Watson leave to marry this woman was a feeling that turned his stomach.
"Bloody hell, what could possibly be wrong with you now?" he sighed, leaning against the door frame, physically and emotionally exhausted.
"You love Molly, yes?"
"Shit. When did we get here?" John froze, looking up at 221B, his eyes furrowed as he looked between the house and the distance they had walked.
There was no sound in the room other than the heavy breaths between the two men and the incoherent words leaving their lips and sound, Sherlock and John were releasing themselves against each other, an actual whine escaping John's lips as though he had just waited for this release.
"I hope that your day is filled with happiness, joy and a life full of everlasting love" Sherlock said once more, his shoulders slumping. "Good bye, John"
"Can you what?" John frowned, confused.
"So you already feel more than he ever could, much more, you have a heart, don't you?" John asked in a faint whisper, reaching an arm out "do you want to lose the one thing that makes you human? Do you want to lose everything you've achieved?"
"John?" Sherlock asked, John could feel his eyes finally on him and no matter how much he had waited for him to look at him, it didn't matter much now.
"We're all very aware that you don't like him" John laughed, pushing himself off the wall "Okay, let's not keep Sherlock waiting. He'll end up shooting your poor wall again"
"I like her" Sherlock said with a sigh, turning his attention back to the movie that was playing on the TV.
"Are you a relative?" The woman asked, rolling her eyes as Sherlock slammed his hand onto the desk.
"- you see, since your engagement to Mary, I have been unable to quite comprehend, well, anything at all. I always found the proximity of our friendship close, however I had never allowed myself to explore the reasons why, that was until now. And it just so happens that the picture of you marrying someone else, it simply breaks me, I want to be there for you, I want to make you so happy, John Watson but I can't. For the sake of my own heart and existence and definitely my pride, I don't think I will be able to do that for you"
"It has nothing to do with Sherlock! Are you blind? Your brother was obsessed, completely and utterly obsessed with him. He spent years of his life fixated on Sherlock's every bloody move and for what? A bit of fun? It was he who chose to take his life, not Sherlock"
Sherlock frowned "The best man?" he asked.
Sherlock must have noted the shiver that ran down his spine, he frowned, his hand moving back onto John's hip as he sat up slightly "John, are you okay? Are you cold?"
John rolled his eyes, groaning as he stood up, ignoring the ache in his ever growing old knees, he definitely was getting too old for this. He turned round to face Sherlock, who threw his jacket and him and ran off down the stairs. "Yeah, thanks" He muttered, dragging himself to follow as he shoved his coat on.
"- do you really think Sherlock would be doing this if it were you that went missing? No, he'd be out doing everything he could to find you"
"Noted, no movies on school nights"
"A man who murders bankers?" John cocked an eyebrow "not your usual idea of exciting"
"I'd say it's been about six years"
"Jesus, Sherlock" John gasped, unable to move as he then felt his hand begin to rub up and down on his clothed cock.
"Because, we were dealing with real psychos' back then John. It was never going to be that easy"
"Oh piss off"
He agreed, he dealt with it all, he dealt with the proximity he had to spend around both John and Mary, he dealt with wedding guests, catering, venues and dressage - every part of it, not because he wanted to but because John asked him and he would do anything for him.
"I don't think I'll be there, John"
However, John was currently sat on his bed, his back up against his headboard, muttering obscene words under his breath - attempting not to run down the stairs and knock him right off his chair with a barrel of insults about his stupid, irritating, lovely curly hair.
"Moriarty, the second one? We saw him come up here, he walked up the fucking stairs"
"Well yeah, he is. He's actually a lot closer than we think" He spoke subtly.
"We have to deal with something" Sherlock spoke up, standing beside her with a short smile "don't worry - your dad will be back by the time your home from school tomorrow"
"D... Did you just swear?" John's eyes widened "Jesus, that was hot"
"The what?"
And he noticed Sherlock's smirk as he read the text, John's stomach turned, a knot expanding as it prepared it's decend into explosion.
"Say it again" John demanded, his eyes piercing onto Sherlock's.
"Jesus Christ" John chuckled, leaning slightly against Sherlock "you're an idiot"
"It's just a matter that your father and I forgot about - I guess we got so distracted by the good evening we were all having, we forgot that we had plans" Sherlock lied, straight through his teeth yet it did the job.
"What?" John asked, turning his head to the side to look at her.
"All NatWest employees? The man in question? What's his name?"
"I-" Sherlock began but John halted him.
"Yes, well, your version of obvious and the rest of the worlds is a bit different, Sherlock"
"I'm sorry John" Mrs H repeated, she stood up quickly, taking away the tray and placing it on the side. She turned to the boys with a weary look "I'm going to leave you two to speak"
John was asleep on the ice cold floor of the third floor of St Barts, Sherlock's jacket wrapped around him to his neck, so peacefully and yet so uncomfortable - he didn't want to sleep but of course, Sherlock had forced him into doing so.
John was mind-blank, he couldn't understand, he couldn't at the best of times when it came to Sherlock but today, he was at a loss.
"It's me? Have I done something to upset you? I've been super busy lately, I admit I haven't been around as much as I used to, I'm sorry about that - just, the wedding and work and everything, it's all just been so full on and"
He pondered over the text, flickering his eyes from the phone and then to Rosie before letting out a deep sigh.
"You bastard"
"You say that now but-" John was interrupted as his phone began to vibrate on the coffee table beside them.
"Right, of course" Sherlock nodded. "where is Rosie this evening?"
"Yes, yes, I know that. It's just - what was she like? Dad only tells me bits and bobs, all I've got is the blog and it just doesn't seem enough"
"Then why would you be concerned for your safety? I always put you first,
"That's growing up, I suppose"
"Lovely, it was a pleasant evening"
"Why would I miss you?" Sherlock's voice came at nothing but a mere whisper, so soft and gentle "why can't I be away from you? Think John, please"
John shook his head, turning to look at Sherlock and then Mrs Hudson again. Surely, this wasn't real, right?
"Then?"
- - - - -
"They always go for Molly, she's vulnerable, very easy persuaded" Sherlock attempted to explain, his feet pacing back and forth "Moriarty, the original, he knew of Molly, of her vulnerability and attacked that, attaching to her as a means to get to me, yes?"
"It doesn't feel right" Sherlock choked out, his voice completely unfamiliar, every inch of pain expressing itself with every word "I don't think I want this life very much, anymore"
"I have to say, as much as Mrs hudson does dislike me, John is right, Sherlock" Mycroft added in, his eyes fairly soft compared to his usual glance.
"I believe so - however, we shouldn't stay here. The last thing we want is for him to attack your home, John - this is after all where your daughter lives, I don't think she would be too happy to see all of her possessions burnt to a crisp, do you?"
"I don't like not understanding" Sherlock spoke calmly "my brain isn't functioning as it should, it's not working, I can't access that part of my brain and it's... frustrating"
"Look, lads, I'm sorry but your vacation time of well - 12 years, may have to come to an end already"
"Very well" was all John muttered out, he buttoned his suit jacket and head for the door. His hand grasping the handle, he froze for a second turning to look at her "I'm sorry"
"Jesus"
"Nothing?" John leaned forward, examine Sherlock's answer as though it was foreign to him "why on earth would you do that?"
"I promise" John mumbled into her shoulder, lifting his head to kiss the top of her head "your Nan will be picking you up and you'll be going straight there, keep your phone on you, I'll call you and let you know everything"
"But he didn't - not because of you, not because of me, not because of anybody. But because he chose to do so. He was trapped inside his own tortuous mind"
"I understand tha-"
"You set your kitchen on fire from burning a bloody pizza?"
"Shut up Sherlock" John said, softer than before. Placing a kiss on his chest "I have already waited years to do just this, I can wait a little longer, I assure you"
Sherlock and John shouldn't get this distracted so easily but yet, they do. It's not quite like old times anymore.
"I waited" John admitted, finding it in him to speak rather than lunge at Sherlock with his fist "for a very long time, Sherlock"
"That and because of your nice car"
"I read about that in Dad's blog" Rosie smiled politely "I've read all about you, Sherlock, Greg Lestrade and Molly hooper, I think?"
"That's where you're wrong, she couldn't live without him - his death would ruin her, the fact is, no matter whether you're married to her or not, she would never forgive you"
"It's over, Rosie. There's no interesting story to this case, nothing at all, there's nothing to be jealous of - we were at St Barts yesterday evening, he came, we spoke, he's free and then we came home early hours of the morning and went to bed. That's it"
Sherlock Holmes just called him hot, that is a thing now, apparently.
"Are you going to leave me hanging? You can't send me away to catch a bad guy and not tell me all the gory details" She urged.
"Maybe we shouldn't walk in holding hands" John slowly said "it's just, Rosie doesn't know that we're trying this"
"So, please explain to be again why on earth you decided to let this man go? Even though you were under strict orders from the police and the government to keep him grounded?"
"Well, now, I do" Sherlock nodded, he looked much more fragile than before, as though being away had ignited more feelings than he had ever been able to comprehend before.
"Yes. Answers. I want the truth, I want to know where you were, why it took you so long to come back, what made you listen to your brothers god awful advice for the first time in your bloody life? I want to know everything"
"What?"
"You know why, Mr Holmes"
"The money on your credit card"
Sherlock smiled, leaning down to kiss his forehead before taking his own mug and moving to sit in his own newly assigned seat in John's dining room, taking a sip of his tea with a thankful 'ah' as he swallowed it. "It's strange - a simple cup of tea can make the wildest of stresses disappear with a simple sip"
"No, Sherlock" John shook his head and Sherlock soon realised what he was asking.
"You know, you really are quite something, Mrs H" John hummed out a short laugh.
"That's children for you, they drive you insanely mad but they still love you and you still love them. It's weird really, isn't it?"
"That's such a strange scene to imagine, don't you think?"
"Dad" Both of their heads turned as the front door slammed shut, the ruffle of bags, shoes and a coat being thrown around were the only noises distinguishable.
Sherlock felt his heart swell slightly, even after a week of no contact after quite possibly the biggest question he could ask Jason was still worried about his wellbeing.
. Sherlock scolded himself internally.
You’ll never know, dear,
“Yeah, what was all that about then? What could you possibly have done to make her hate you that much?”
Mycroft had left after about an hour of staring worriedly at Sherlock’s unconscious form, and that was about half an hour ago, but now he re-entered the room, clutching something in his hand.
"You've only been here for a day."
"I see. Kill or be killed, was it? Again?"
The question took him quite by surprise. “No. No I was not.” There was a flurry of paper as everyone wrote down his words. Another person, an older gentleman stood up to his left.
John did not want to hear words of sympathy. He wanted to see Sherlock, so he turned and walked out of the room without another word.
Sherlock immediately moved to the kitchen, pretending that he had not just been thinking about John for a whole five hours – people might talk.
“Trust me, she’s good. I can see her working her way through the ranks very quickly.”
Sherlock put his coat on and wrapped his beloved scarf. He looked around the living room of Baker Street, so full of memories, and knowing that this was likely to be the last time he came here. He was starting a new life with Jason.
And now, he’d possibly thrown it all away because he’d opened up and allowed himself to become vulnerable. Vulnerability was not something Sherlock was used to, and had been surprised at he own weakness. But more than that, it scared him just how easily he’d opened up to the army doctor. It had been a glimpse of what life had been like before Sherlock’s injury and consequent amnesia. He wanted that. He wanted to be able to be able to have John as a friend and keep him, bundled up in many layers made of all of his ridiculous jumpers to make sure he’d never get hurt, and never have to leave Sherlock.
John had typed out the whole of Sherlock’s story, but had not published it. Sherlock guessed that John had the same idea as him when it came to publicity. Keep it secret until they were ready, and John was obviously not ready.
Mycroft's indifference. Molly's determination to make sure he's okay, and the guilt he'd seen lurking in her eyes. The suddeness of John's depression and suicidal thoughts. The man lying in front of him, broken and bruised.
"I don't know how or why," Sherlock cut him off, determined to have his say. "But I do know this. Your full name is John Hamish Watson. You hate your middle name yet willingly gave it up as a possible baby name for The Woman and I. Really, John? Me and Irene Adler? We solve crimes, you blog about it and I forget my pants. Your favourite colour is a deep, mossy green because it reminds you of outdoors. Your favourite flavour of jam is raspberry and we currently have three jars of it at home. Your favourite film is that ridiculous Bond film, Casino Royale, which you forced me to watch because 'it's your bloody heritage and you will enjoy it' whilst stuffing me full of Thai food from the takeaway a few streets away. You dislike how I talk to clients, you think it's a bit not good. You think I'm rude, obnoxious, arrogant and yet I am still your best friend, as you are mine. I was the best man at your wedding where we prevented the murder of Major Sholto. You don't just solve the case, you save the life as you've saved mine so many times. And even now you continue to do so."
“Who put that ridiculous idea in your head? Was it dear older brother?”
Sherlock tried to speak through his sobs, but John was still able to make out what he was saying.
"Well, what are we waiting for?"
John considered this as he stared into his glass, empty now save a small amount of white froth at the bottom.
“I’ve only been gone four minutes.”
“I sustained a few broken ribs, minor bruising on my face, a broken nose and several broken bones in my feet. The man packed quite a punch.” Sherlock smiled wryly. “But I made sure he was caught. He came off worse than I did. I saw to that.” He was no longer smiling. He remembered the satisfaction of hurting as much of him as possible. To punish him for the threat he had made against John, and he regretted nothing.
He moved over to the image of John on the hospital bed, taking up the seat beside him. Sherlock bought his knees up to his chest and wrapped his arms around his legs, holding them on the chair with him. He rested his chin on his knees, like he did when he was a boy, and studied this newer version of the late army doctor that his mind was torturing him with.
"What the..?"
He nodded silently at John, before opening the door and walking out into the familiar setting.
"There's no obvious damage to be found," Mycroft began, standing behind John, but obviously addressing the both of them. Sherlock turned to look up at his brother. John continued to focus on Sherlock's reactions. Considering what happened earlier, it was important to keep an eye on how Sherlock reacted. "They were going to continue to keep you here, but I managed to
The cabbie shut his mouth, which had by this point been hanging open. He shifted in his seat and began to drive in the direction of the hospital. Sherlock returned to his phone. John watched London go by as he stared out of the window. He thought about how many times they’d walked those streets, him and Sherlock. They’d probably been down every road in London, but not realised. John spent so much time running after Sherlock during a chase that he never had any time to register where they were. It was only when they’d caught up with the guilty party that John ever took notice of where they were, and then wondered how on earth they had got there in the first place.
"John, look at this." Sherlock kneeled down on the floor, and John followed suit. Leaning in closer, John saw the tiniest, uneven black lines on the edge of the pavement, dragging towards the road. "It's rubber, John. Rubber from-"
“Doctor.” John spat out. Mary squeezed his hands again.
“Sod off.”
John looked back into the room and saw Donovan with a look of resentment upon her face. She opened her mouth as if to protest, but at that precise moment, Greg shut the door, and proceeded to march them along the corridor and away from Sally Donovan’s fury.
“What do you mean?” John wanted to know exactly what Sherlock wanted to hear. Perhaps his sparked curiosity about John could force his mind to remember all those clever deductions the consulting detective ever made about the army doctor.
They didn’t speak to one another until the cab stopped outside of the hospital. John got out and held the door open for Sherlock. But Sherlock didn’t move. Without looking away from his phone, he said, “Third floor, lab 3, Molly’s waiting for you.” And with that, he closed the door again, and the cab drove off, leaving John alone on the side of the street, completely clueless as to why he was there. John didn’t want to turn around. He knew that if he did, he’d see Sherlock fall from the tall, white building. Instead, he locked his eyes on the floor at his feet. This was no better. He could remember the blood, the thick, red liquid spreading over the rough, grey pavement where his body had made impact.
Sherlock is BORING..."
(I love you too you stupid git)
The cause of the head-splitting pain was firmly rooted here, just beyond the door of the palace, at the forefront of his mind. The door that was refusing to budge even just a fraction of an inch. The door that should not be there at all due to the aesthetics of the room. Yet here they were, attempting to break it down.
"Welcome home, boys."
“What for? You did nothing wrong, you behaved like any rational human being would. I’m the one who’s leaving temporarily, not you. I’m the one who’s going off the rails, not you. You’re the one who still takes care of me despite all of this.” He pulled back slightly to see her face.
Mrs Hudson opened the curtains, which were shut when they arrived. John watched the dust dance in the ray of sunlight that shone through the window. Knowing Sherlock, those windows probably hadn’t been opened in at least a week. Mrs Hudson continued to pad around the room, clearing up empty mugs or used plates and depositing them in the sink. Sherlock’s environment needed to be comfortable for his return, and mess was certainly the opposite. Mrs Hudson busied herself in the kitchen, donning the washing up gloves and filling the sink with hot, soapy water to tackle the enormous pile of dishes that had accumalated there.
Molly was already seated at her usual stool, concentrating on preparing a slide for the microscope – blood samples presumably. She obviously was too wrapped up in her own work to hear Sherlock enter the room. Strange. She was usually so observant and attentive when it came to Sherlock.
John sucked in a deep breath and tried again, determined to get through to the man who only a few minutes ago was opened up to him, like the man he was when he knew John. It was like John had been getting him back, and a tiny flame of hope had sparked itself in the pit of John’s stomach.
There was an amplified cracking sound, and fog and smoke billowed around them.
“It was worth a try.”
"You're one to talk." John let out a rush of air that could have been a laugh, but wasn't quite. His lips quirked into a smile, but instantly fell back into the sad expression that had been the default since he returned to Baker Street. "You never held any regard for personal space during the while time I knew you." Sherlock's eyes narrowed and his face furrowed into that familiar frown that triggered a thousand different memories in John's mind. It pained John to the point where he believed to to be physical pain, that Sherlock could not share this with him. Sherlock's head turned slightly to the side, so he was now eying John from the corner of his eyes as he had done with so many previous clients
John turned to him and held Sherlock’s intense gaze. He could hear John’s date descend to the hallway below, leaving Sherlock and John alone in the flat momentarily. Sherlock began to move towards John in measured, deliberate steps. HE came as close as he’s dared get to John without risking giving away his newly discovered affection for the man. John continued to maintain eye contact with Sherlock, leaning his head back slightly to cope with the height difference. Sherlock’s heart must have been beating at twice its usual rate and Sherlock felt sure John must have been able to hear it.
Sherlock ignored that comment.
So he went back to 221B.
"If they'd arrived sooner, there wouldn't be a clean up."
She answered almost immediately. Clearly, she had been waiting for them to return.
John had only just stepped out of the supermarket door, his arms laden with shopping bags, the flimsy, cheap plastic ones that often broke before you’d made it all the way home, before the sleek, black car pulled up in front of him in the cold, drizzly morning, typical of the temperamental British weather. The door closest to him opened and John stooped lower to see who occupied it, already knowing the answer. Anthea sat on the opposite side, tapping away on her blackberry, not even sparing a glance in his direction.
"You want to know what Sherlock and I talked about." Of course Mary could figure it out. She'd always been able to read him like a book, and today was obviously no different.
“I can’t, sweetheart. I have to be at the surgery tomorrow, and someone has to cover until our best doctor returns.” She winked at him, and John couldn’t help but smile as he folded his arms around her. After a few moments, Mary pulled back to look up at her husband. “If anything happens, call me, okay?”
"Eating's boring."
Sherlock was the most panicked John had ever seen him look. His eyes were wide, his mouth open, hands at his side twitching as if they longed to reach out and reclaim his friend. They had planned for Moriarty to have company, but still, they had hoped he didn't as it made their plan slightly more tricky.
It was a simple affair, with only a few close family and friends, she wouldn’t have wanted anything more.
Molly made her way around the table and brought her hands up to his face, wiping at something beneath his eyes and along his cheekbones. It was only then that Sherlock noticed the tears. Damn, he thought he'd stopped crying, but it seemed like his body had other ideas.
If Mary wanted to talk to Sherlock, John wasn’t going to stop her. Nothing could stop Mary getting what she wanted. Nothing. John had learned this when they were planning the wedding. So many petty arguments between the three of them about the flowers, the seating arrangements, the guest list. Mary always won, even if she was arguing with Sherlock. She was a force to be reckoned with, even now, despite their situation. John chuckled at the fond memories.
"He's currently being treated for acute dehydration."
“I don’t believe that, Sherlock.”
There would be awkward conversations to come, Greg was sure of it, but overall he knew that John and Sherlock would be happy to see each other again. Well, as happy as you could get in the situation.
“No, I need to tell you this now.”
One again, they stood in silence, side by side. John didn't want to break the delicate silence between them.
“Before you were always so attentive towards me. But now, you just sort of get on with it.”
It was incredibly unhealthy, and Greg had been trying for months to get him out of the flat but to no avail. Every time he tried to reach Sherlock on his mobile, it rang straight through to voicemail. Clearly Sherlock hadn't bothered charging his phoned.
“Okay, a lot.”
Sherlock thought whilst he played his violin, as he often did. He remembered his school days, the teasing, the laughter. John was the best and only friend Sherlock had ever had, and this made Sherlock realise why he felt like this around him. John was everything Sherlock had. Of course he had material possessions, clothes, money, a flat. But Sherlock didn’t have any emotional – Sherlock felt himself shudder slightly at this realisation –attachment to these things. The only thing he cared about was John. His amazing, brilliant John, who could reduce the high-functioning sociopath to a complete mess of tears and sobbing. Sherlock hated and loved the swooping sensation that flew through him when he saw John smiling, or laughing, or just being happy. Sentiment – a chemical defect found in the losing side, and Sherlock Holmes was losing.
He could not live like this; he refused to spend another day in this agony. He roused himself from his catatonia and began to think. It did not take long for him to come to a decision, and then he began to search. Under the terms of his house arrest, Mycroft had had the flat searched for any remaining drugs that Sherlock had in his possession, however, Sherlock had a few hiding places that not even Mycroft would have thought of.
John regained his grasp on Sherlock’s hand and let out a breath he’d obviously been holding, but had no awareness of.
John was alive.
"Because it reminded me too much of my own."
“It has come to my attention that you and Sherlock have returned to working with the Metropolitan Police Service.”
“John, I know this is difficult for you, but Sherlock needs you. He will remember, I am sure, soon enough. I am not often wrong, John. But it will take time, and your support is all you can give him. He needs you here.”
"It's nothing of importance John."
Sherlock remembered how happy he had felt as he continued to walk to Mycroft’s. How he couldn’t stop smiling and how his parents had kept asking him about it over dinner until Mycroft had loudly deduced his day, causing him to blush furiously and spend the rest of the evening in a sulk.
“But he needed to stop into work that morning to sort out some paper work, and I let him go. I didn’t even question it.”
“It’s a story my brother told me when we were kids. The East Wind – this terrifying force that lays waste to all in its path. It seeks out the unworthy and plucks them from the Earth. That was generally me.”
"No, John. You."
“Doctor Watson, my deepest condolences. I am truly sorry to learn about Mary. I just wanted to notify you that I have found my brother, and he’s currently staying with me for a while. There is no reason to worry about him, he is more or less safe. You need to be with Mary. I have given instructions to the staff at the hospital not to remove you, so feel free to stay as long as you need to. Once again, my deepest condolences. Of all the people in the world, you two deserve it the least.” End of message.
It was in this exact position that Sherlock came to the decision, and it would be from this position that he acted upon it.
So he left Sherlock to himself on the first Sunday of each month. John was quite content to not say anything.
"Sherlock?"
Sherlock broke eye contact, choosing instead to look at the space separating them. John leaned back to get a better, fuller view of his friend. Sherlock's neck, shoulder and torso were contorted with tension. He was closed in on himself. John could see the defence barriers go up. Any minute now Sherlock would return to his preferred aloof and closed down state. He would declare himself 'fine', assure John there was nothing to worry about, and assume John would accept this and move on, just as he had done at Baker Street before disappearing off to Bart's and hitching a ride in a taxi driven by Jim bloody Moriarty.
Sherlock watched the world from the window of 221B. He saw the sun rise and set. He saw the never ending cycle of the moon. He saw as the very air around them changed as London moved through the seasons. He spent nearly an entire year just watching at the window.
It was the first time he had ever been to Angelo’s, a tiny Italian restaurant tucked away from the hustle and bustle of the main streets of London. John had held open the door and pulled out Sherlock’s chair, the shining of example of a perfect gentleman. The food had been amazing, but the company was better. John was funny, intelligent and managed to hold Sherlock’s attention all night. Sherlock listened to John’s stories all night, watching how his face beautifully expressed all of his emotions, and how the candlelight reflected in his eyes made him look almost mythical. He was the most interesting person that Sherlock had ever met, and he was smitten.
“And Sherlock. If you honestly believe that leaving would be the best way forward for both of you, I suggest you take a look at yourself in the mirror, and then the man on the sofa. Just the thought of you leaving has got you both in a complete state.”
The rest of the evening was spent in a numb blur. Mycroft may have stopped by at some point, but Sherlock could neither remember nor care. He knew that once the Moriarty issue had been dealt with, the likelihood was that he would be sent back on his suicide mission. He had killed a man in cold blood, he was a murderer, and no amount of fiddling at the hands of Mycroft would ever change that. When the light outside began to dim, and the shuffling from Mrs Hudson’s flat had settled, Sherlock took himself to his bedroom. He didn’t remember getting undressed, but he somehow ended up in his pyjamas and blue silk dressing gown, lying on his back on his bed, staring up at the ceiling.
“You understand now, I presume, why I did it?”
John smiled at his phone and texted back straight away.
It was usually at this time of the day that John used to bring him tea and toast, hoping that he would actually eat something. Recovering from his bullet wound was a slow process, but at least John was there to help him through it. Now John had gone back to his wife, and he wasn’t here to bring Sherlock his tea anymore. He missed John; he could physically feel his absence like an ache in his chest.
“Now,” he growled.
John didn't react.
"John, judging by your overreaction yesterday, I suggest you take a seat before we continue." Sherlock spoke softly, with a hint of caution. John snapped himself out of his stupor.
“What do you want Mycroft? What could you possibly want that required all of this instead of just ringing me?”
“I know you did. I love you.”
The man they were chasing was a triple murderer. They’d been on his tail for three days until Sherlock had finally tracked him down, which had lead to the chase in the alley. Lestrade had come round to Baker Street in a panic. Apparently the guy was moving quickly and so far his team had been able to pick up nothing. Sherlock had immediately headed straight for John and Mary’s flat, picked up his friend – leaving John only a small amount of time to explain the situation to his wife - and they’d arrived at the scene within minutes. Sherlock had explained very little to John as the case progressed, only conveying some thoughts out loud whilst keeping the rest firmly locked away in his mind palace.
As Sherlock opened his eyes, John was gone, but that was okay. Sherlock wiped away his tears, smiling now. He opened the door, and walked towards his new life with Jason, but it was okay. Her knew John would always be here.
“We need each other.”
He walked in with such total confidence that it looked like he could have been the soul owner of the flat, and they (the actual owners and inhabitants) were merely an irritation to him. It was only Sherlock who noticed the lack of spring in Mycrofts step, and the slight sag of his shoulders. Mrs Hudson jumped as she saw the eldest Holmes brother and John put his arm around her shoulder to calm her down. She waved him away, muttering about her own silliness. John was not having any of it.
"She was," John's voice nearly cracked with emotion, nearly, "and I'm sorry that she's not here for this. We both wanted it so much." They shared another few moments of silence together before John decided that a change of topic was in order. "Have the doctors run any tests yet?"
From a safe distance away, and guarded by the shadow of a towering oak tree, a very much alive John Watson looked on as his best friend walked away from his grave, still wiping away his tears. He wanted nothing more that to walk up to the man, to put his arms around him, apologise an go back home. But that was impossible - not whilst Moriarty's network was still fully operational.
He had done so well all day. He hadn't broken down, and had managed to hold himself together in front of everyone. And there had been so many people. Any other day, Sherlock would have been proud of himself for behaving. But not today. He took in a deep breath and began to ascend the stairs.
"I won't," the mousy haired girl promised as she continued to wipe his tears. "Sherlock, it's okay to be upset. It's normal - healthy, even - to cry."
“I called in a favour with Mrs Hudson. She’s going to watch him for a while so we can take a walk, you need space and fresh air.”
“John?” Lestrade’s voice broke through the haze that had been clouding John’s senses. A firm hand took hold of his upper arm, and John noticed that he had moved forward towards the ambulance, towards Sherlock, without even realising. He turned to face Lestrade, whose face was lined with worry and concern.
When John Watson was a patient, he tolerated hospitals. He saw the necessity of their existence, and appreciated the care given to him when he was admitted. Even if he was bored out of his mind, and it always had the strong smell of cleaning fluids and people which very often gave him a headache, he was grateful that he was there.
Molly smiled up at him, looking genuinely pleased at the development of Sherlock's emotional state.
, John thought,
“Such a shame, so much wasted talent. See, Sir Boast-A-Lot was no longer useful to the king and his knights, as he had once been. He tried to go back to what he once had been, but he was just an empty shell, a shadow, damaged and broken. He turned away from his friends and refused help. Far too proud to accept any help from anyone, even his dearest friend, the physician. He found that he couldn’t slay the dragons or chase the robbers or bring justice and peace to the kingdom. He didn’t show off or declare his brilliance anymore. He was no longer worthy of the name Sir Boast-A-Lot. He shut himself away, trying to gain back what was lost, keeping the world out whilst he struggled to bring back his stolen years. But that was wasting time.” There was nothing joking in the man’s expression now. It was deadly serious, not a smile or laugh in sight. In the background, what had once been blue sky and clouds had turned grey and stormy, almost black.
As John sang, Sherlock’s eyes gently closed, his breathing becoming shallower and more erratic. There was silence all around, as the officers of NSY watched the two men as they shared their final moments together.
“You’re probably wondering why I called you tonight after a week of silence."
“So what about you, then? Where are you actually going now?”
John fell, rather gladly, into his armchair, continuing to stare at Sherlock.
John was not a selfish person, he never had been. But just for today, he allowed himself the indulgence of forgetting, and focused simply focused on Sherlock - talking with Sherlock, laughing with Sherlock, just being here with Sherlock.
The silence between them was like none that had ever been before. The tension could have been cut with a knife, and it was tangible in the air around the flat. John was vaguely aware of movement in front of him, but it was another few minutes before he looked up and noticed the absence of his friend. Turning to see that Sherlock’s coat and scarf were also missing told John that he had exited the flat.
Hope that this chapter was okay! I know it's not as exciting as many other fics, but this was the way I always intended it to go. I think this fix has one more chapter to go to tie up any loose ends. Let me know what you think!
John was going to go to 221B, and with the help of Mrs Hudson and Mycroft – who had volunteered his services – to prepare the flat for Sherlock’s return. Sherlock was still being kept in hospital. According to Mycroft, Sherlock had been too busy insulting all of the staff - including the specialist psychologist who had been bought in to check his mental condition – that none of the test had been carried out. Typical. Sherlock always was a stubborn git, and amnesia clearly hadn’t changed a thing.
His head snapped back to Mrs Hudson, who looked at him with a gleam in her eye.
It was 1 am when the call had come through. John had been sat in the living room typing up the latest case note to post on his blog. Sherlock stood at the window, lightly skimming the bow over the strings of his beloved violin, not playing anything in particular, but still the notes seemed to work and flow together well, like a lullaby or a nursery rhyme, composing subconsciously as he explored his mind palace.
“Do you want to stop?”
Sherlock heard Jason laugh, and he smiled. He liked making Jason laugh, just like he had liked making John laugh.
Sherlock’s eyes turned downwards, refusing to meet John’s gaze, almost as if he was ashamed about what he was about to say.
When Sherlock had asked John what had gone wrong – fully suspecting that the girl had revealed her plans - the army doctor simply smiled ruefully and answered, “she wasn’t the girl for me.” He gazed at Sherlock with the same intensity as before, and Sherlock felt the familiar fluttering sensation as his grey eyes locked with John’s dark blue ones. John seemed to unconsciously make his way towards Sherlock, still in his chair. Holding the daze, John’s face only a few inches form Sherlock’s, he continued, “Besides, I was much too distracted thinking about something else.”
"Oh, you boys. It was wonderful. Forget 5 star service, you boys out-did yourselves."
Moriarty looked confused as he regarded what he saw.
“You are my sunshine,
“But it really isn’t-” Sherlock tried to protest, but John wasn’t having any of it.
John sat in the flat. He hadn't moved all morning, and made no plans to. He closed his eyes and just listened to the world. He could hear Mrs Hudson moving downstairs, probably making tea. She moved slowly, more of a shuffle than a walk. He heard her set down something on the table and the scraping of a chair. He heard the cars drive down Baker Street. He heard a group of people outside, meeting for lunch at the café. They were laughing with each other. His jaw tightened and he could feel his teeth grinding together. They had no idea, those people, no idea how lucky they were. There was still happiness in their lives, a ray of light that shone through any darkness that was present. They all still had the chance to be happy.
"John." He smiled at her. "So you're leading forensics?"
Mycroft entered just as Sherlock sat. The three men engaged in an awkward silence. It pained John to feel this way, when such easy conversation had always flowed without effort in the four wall of 221B. Now there was an unpleasant tension where there should have been warmth and laughter.
Sherlock frowned down at the mug, concentrating very hard on the pattern.
"He collapsed? Why?"
"Sherlock, you're scaring me."
“Why on Earth would I do that?”
“I know dear, I know. I’m so sorry.”
John turned with military precision and did, what he'd come to know as, the hardest thing he'd ever have to do.
Sherlock did not press the matter any further. His vast knowledge of emotions and behaviours gave him the advantage of knowing when to back off. He allowed John to keep pretending to be busy as he obviously gathered his thoughts and pulled himself together. Sherlock returned his attentions to the cultures under his microscope, but every few seconds his eyes would flicker back to John, who still had his back to him.
“Your wedding? Yes, I was… There was a man… a mayfly…”
But Mycroft did leave. He had to go to school, and Sherlock felt a fresh wave of betrayal every time he saw his brother load the car with his suitcases and drive off to a place where Sherlock was not. Sherlock had never really forgiven Mycroft.
Lestrade was at his desk, Sally Donovan leaning over his shoulder as they sorted through a seemingly endless pile of papers and reports that were laid out before them.
Two geniuses, too clever enough for their own good. Two faked deaths.
“You’ll never know dear,
And here they were, again.
"Piss off, Mycroft." Josh was not interested in dealing with the eldest Holmes right now. He would much rather be dealing with the younger. God, what John wouldn't give to hear Sherlock complain about how bored he was. "My task was to disarm Alvarez. He's not going to bother you anymore now, is he?"
“Yes, of course I do. It was amazing, it was quite extraordinary.” Sherlock’s eyes closed at the words, as if they were soothing to him.
“It was about me wasn’t it?” Sherlock’s voice was curious.
And with that, they descended he stairs and headed out into the London night. Sherlock breathed a deep lungful of the chilly air. Being outside again, walking through the streets, observing and deducing people as they went, it was good, refreshing. It cleared his head of the cloud that had fogged his mind with grief and he took the first tentative step towards moving on.
“Hello Jason.”
In fact, their lives had been far from peaceful, but John preferred it this way. He’d much rather live a life full of unexpected twists and turns than sit there and do nothing. The unknown and spontaneity of life is pretty much what every human being on the planet signed up for every time they made an effort to get up in the mornings. Life is literally walking into the unknown, the unpredictable on a daily basis.
“John, you’re mumbling, just open your eyes.”
"-then I'm bloody well going to do it. I am not losing you again, Sherlock Holmes. Because if I do I'll... I'll..."
Sherlock came to visit regularly. He'd been taking cases again, Lestrade had called him in to solve a locked room murder – honestly, could New Scotland Yard really not solve these by now? There had been plenty of them!
"I think you need to speak to someone." Sherlock rose from the table and reached for his coat and scarf. John frowned. Sherlock was meant to be keeping on the down low. Why on earth was he about to walk out of the flat in his signature outfit, possibly revealing the fact that he was still alive to the whole world?
One again, Sherlock was frozen. He couldn't bring himself to enter the flat. He envied the ease with which Lestrade just seemed to glide into the flat as if it wasn't emptied of life.
Sherlock did not look as if he had registered a single word she had said. In truth, he hadn't. His hand still rested on John's solid arm. Sherlock had never been able to touch John in his dreams, he'd always vanish before he could. And heat was a sensation his mind was never able to replicate in his subconscious.
He glided up behind her an bent over to examine her process.
“Go on.” John encouraged, his pulse had quickened in anticipation, he could hear the beating of his own heart in his ears, which was probably a bad sign but he chose to ignore it.
Sherlock's gaze hadn't left John the entire time. He viably flinched when the gun the gun pressed closer. He did not try to hide it. Moriarty already knew that John was Sherlock's pressure point, as Sherlock was John's.
John leaned back in his chair, relaxing into it as he had done during many lazy evenings in Baker Street when they we're between cases.
John nodded.
"He- Well, he kind of looks a bit lost without you, mate." John nearly choked on his drink.
"Fine, I'll do it."
This was hardly surprising. Sherlock had always been a stubborn git and it seemed that John was the only one who could get him to do anything.
"Well, a dead man's beliefs are hardly anything of value."
“Me? You envied me?”
“Shit. Right, I’ll be right there. Don’t move, where are you?”
How much was Sherlock actually missing from his life?
“It’s okay Detective Inspector,” granting him with the full use of his title. John straightened himself up, put his hands – still folded – on the desk in front of him and leaned forwards towards the crowd of people sat in front of him. “I’ve seen a lot of death, Mr Wright. It’s unavoidable as a soldier as I’m sure you’re all aware. I’ve never truly been affected by death. Until I saw Sherlock fall. As to how that made me feel – well, imagine it was your flatmate, your best friend jumping from that building, and you couldn’t do anything about it. It hurts. It eats away at your stomach, your lungs, your heart. Your body feels like it’s simultaneously covered in fire and ice. You want desperately to scream, to cry, and to break everything in reach. And sometimes you do. The air is forced from your lungs, and no matter how hard you try, you can never refill them. And every time you seem to get one step closer to getting over it, your mind will replay it for you, because seeing it just once isn’t enough. It plagues you, during your sleeping and waking hours. It never leaves; you’ll always end up back at square one. I had no one after Sherlock left. No one. So I had to sit in the flat, and let my mind, my own mind, torture me endlessly. And yet I still held on to the foolish hope that I’d see him again one day. There were times when I couldn’t wait-”
“That’s your mug. You use it every time you visit us here. No-one else uses it. You had three mugs to choose from, and you immediately chose the one that belonged to you.” John’s voice was shaking slightly as he explained. Is it possible that despite the disaster surrounding him, Sherlock’s mind was still trying to break free from the fog?
“…. I can’t believe you sink so low…”
Sherlock said nothing for few moments, and then looked at John with absolute gratefulness and sincerity that John felt like he could cry.
“We’d like to hope he wouldn’t, but this is Sherlock we’re talking about. No-one truly knows what he would and wouldn’t do.”
Mycroft had just looked at him, as if to say,
"Not at all, Mycroft," replied John, airily, "just admiring the office." The comment was returned with the cold look that Mycroft often gave John – disproving could have been one word for it.
“This is the story of Sir Boast-A-Lot.”
“Goodnight Mrs Hudson.” She heard Sherlock call behind her.
On his way here, Sherlock had been deep in thought. He knew he needed to do something. He hated the way John seemed to be avoiding him, yet at the same time following him. This was an entirely one-sided game of cat and mouse where John played both the cat and mouse, and Sherlock didn’t like it. He wanted things back the way they used to be, but he knew that there was no chance of that happening.
He saw life, people going about their daily business, laughing, joking. Their happiness left a hollow feeling in the cavity of Sherlock's chest. These people did not deserve to laugh. These people with their secrets, affairs, drug addictions, stealing, racism and general stupidity. They did not deserve to be happy. The only person Sherlock had ever thought deserved happiness was gone. He'd died believing happiness was impossible. Sherlock would have given anything to be able to prove him wrong.
“John, open your eyes, I know you can hear me.”
“When you two are quite ready, we’ll get down to business.” He said calmly, with a hint of sarcasm and an underlying tone of amusement.
They continued to stand there in silence, reading and rereading the word that were forever engraved onto the white marble of the gravestone.
"Insults, John? Really? Not even very good ones."
He raised the bow to the strings and began to play. Harsh, frantic, almost manic notes whirled a around the flat. Sherlock did not know what exactly it was he was playing, but he knew that it perfectly reflected his current mood.
John grabbed Sherlock by the arm and propelled him through New Scotland Yard and onto the street. He nudged Sherlock as a prompt for him to do his magical taxi summoning trick that had all the taxi’s in London stopping immediately to take them home.
“No. Listen to me.” His eyes flew open and he stared at the consultant, leaning towards him slightly. “Sherlock Holmes is the most brilliant and clever man I have ever met. His brain does not work like yours or mine. He has ways of storing things, filing them away and he never forgets them unless he deletes them. And his brain will never accidently delete anything unless Sherlock tells it to. All his memories are in there, trapped. We just need to help them get out and I will do that if it kills me because Sherlock Holmes is my best friend and he is the least average person to have ever existed.”
“Sherlock,” John began, the words catching in this throat, almost as is he was having trouble articulating a complete sentence. If it were any other person, Sherlock would lose his patience and snap, but this was John, and Sherlock made an exception. “Sherlock, you- you wouldn’t-” he sighed, trying to reform the words in his head. “I know it’s been tough for you, it’s been tough for both of us, especially what happened yesterday. I just want you to know that you can always talk to me if you need to.”
Sherlock had felt the pain as acutely as he had on that day. He stood frozen in the street, crying at the sight of the paper in the sky. He remembered John and their life together, and he felt overwhelmingly guilty that he had allowed Jason into his life, into his heart. He had held onto his wedding ring, which he wore on a chain around his neck, hidden, never letting Jason see.
. Sherlock recalled the last few hours, where he’d opened up to John, and how humiliated and vulnerable he’d felt after doing so.
It was only then, in the back of an ambulance, that John looked at what was wrapped around his shoulders. A bright orange blanket covered him, and as John looked back over to Sherlock, the tears began to silently spill over John’s cheeks.
, John reflects,
"I had no reason to."
“Tell me what?”
"Yes, that does seem to be the most popular." John laughed. Liz laughed with him. Lestrade shot them both serious looks, which sobered them up slightly. What was it about a crime-scene that made John laugh more than usual?
"Because the door was unlocked and I knew I wasn't interrupting anything of importance," he could see Johns fists clench, but continued to talk. By now, John was seething. "I need a word with my brother, it does not concern yourself, Dr Watson, I would not expect you to understand the urgency."
Grief for his wife. His perfect, beautiful wife who’s time had come far too soon. Anger at Moriarty, for instigating Sherlock’s near downfall as he struggled against his own mind. And relief. Glorious, blessed relief that it was all over – that there was no more pain for Mary, that the world was rid of Moriarty, and that John still had Sherlock.
"Sherlock, it's okay."
Mary’s results had come back a few days after she’d been admitted, and the news was not good.
Which is, of course, exactly what happened.
“John.” Sherlock gasped. John moved closer, determined to hear Sherlock. “Our song.”
“Not exactly? How-”
“Ah, Detective Inspector, I’m glad you could come so quick-“
“Why?”
Lestrade laughed and looked between the two. “I honestly will never understand how you put up with him John, but, after hearing what you said, I understand that you have to.”  He slapped John and Sherlock on the shoulders and then ran his hand through his short, silver hair. “Well, I have a case to see to, so I must be off. I hope they don’t give you too much fuss as you leave.” Lestrade smiled at the men, but made no effort to move.
“Wrong,” Sherlock cut in. “You’re men are mediocre at best. You need an expert.” Sherlock shot a glance at John, his eyes pleading with him. John gave a sigh, giving in to resignation. He closed his eyes and nodded in the general direction of Lestrade and Sherlock.
“You do more for me that I’ve ever done for you,” John remarked. “You died to save me.”
“Shhh, Sherlock.” John began to brush the hair out of Sherlock’s eyes, just as the medical team began to rush through the door. “Just be alive for me, okay? Can you do that? Just be. Just exist. Just fight.”
"I could say the same think about you," Sherlock's rich baritone ran out through the cold air. If he was feeling at all tense or anxious his voice certainly did not give it away. Sherlock sounded the epitome of calm and collected. "Very clever stunt you pulled all those years ago."
“Take your time.”
John and Sherlock had never been the most affectionate of friends, often choosing words or a strong handshake where others would find comfort in a hug. It was an unspoken rule between them. They simply did not do it. It seemed now that the rules had flown out of the window at the return of Sherlock's memory. His beautiful, exquisite, amazing, brilliant, fantastic mind had done it. It had overcome the largest barrier that life had ever presented to him, and John was equal parts relieved, ecstatic and proud.
“I do-” But the rest of Sherlock’s protests were cut off by John’s lips, which were now pressed against his own. Sherlock melted into the kiss, allowing the warmth that radiated from John to permeate his skin and fill him up. As John continued to kiss him, deeper and with more passion and desperation, Sherlock noted how complete he felt. He was meant to be here, in John’s arms, kissing him, poring everything he’d felt over the last months into the kiss, allowing it to consume him, and his mind went blissfully blank.
“Well, so would you if you were ridiculed for years, died to save lives – well, faked death, and then when you came back, people were still doubting and ridiculing. Please don’t try to understand or sympathise Mycroft because I don’t think it’s a talent of yours.” John didn’t mean to speak so harshly, but he had been holding back a lot of irritation and anger towards the Met, especially Donovan, Anderson and even Lestrade. He didn’t like the way Mycroft was talking about Sherlock, and everything just seemed to spill over.
She looked questioningly at John, silently asking if anything was wrong. Clearly, John’s face was shocked or completely blank, because she moved around her husband to greet whoever was at the door. As soon as her eyes landed on that tall mass that was the world’s only consulting detective, something in her face lit up.
John gasped in great gulps of air as he tried to calm himself after the cabbie's most recent death glare.
As they reached the door, John felt the guilt rise up again, and he had to say something.”
When Mycroft had been cleaned up slightly by the insistent and, in his opinion, highly irritating nurses, Mycroft was accosted by Molly Hooper, who had been waiting anxiously for news regarding to the detective and the army doctor since their arrival here several hours previously.
“No, I still have panic attacks when we’re separated. I’m always scared that he’ll leave me again one day, but I know he won’t…”
John’s head was spinning. His mouth was dry and his breathing had become shallow and quick. He needed to see Sherlock. Now. He needed to see with his own two eyes that the world’s only consulting detective was alive. He asked his cabbie of they could go any faster, passing off his anxieties as a frantic dash to a family emergency.
"Jesus, Mycroft! You didn't think to knock before you just walk into our flat?" Mycroft eyed John lazily. Clearly the army doctor was still on edge after their talk that morning, but he disregarded the tone of annoyance and anger that was dripping from every syllable John spoke.
Her whole body tensed up at the mention of their names.
"I'm not a psychopath, nor am I a hero. I'm a high functioning sociopath."
John gave their location to Lestrade, who promised to get there as soon as possible.
“Sorry, would you let me cook you dinner tomorrow evening whilst Sherlock stands to the side being completely useless?” The music began again, a sign that Sherlock now approved of his offer. Mrs Hudson finished putting away the bread, before turning to John.
He listened to Sherlock pay, the long, high-pitched notes reverberated around the entirety of the flat. John marvelled at how Sherlock move effortlessly from one piece of music to another without a pause in-between. It took the breath out of his lungs to hear so many beautiful notes all stringed together like that. Sherlock truly was a genius.
“John.”
He pulled out everything, and then made a list. But Sherlock could not, in good conscious, simply leave a list without any further explanation. So he pulled out a pen and two sheets of paper, two envelopes and began to write the letter that he knew he would never send, but he hoped would be read anyway.
Sherlock’s eyes began to droop even more, but the man was stubborn as he was clever, and continued to struggle against sleep.
John burst into laughter, his giggles echoing around Sherlock's mind, because that is where they existed.
"Wow... That's actually... Sweet." His tone made it sound like a question, as if Sherlock had defied the laws of nature by showing just the smallest bit of sentiment.
"He was my best friend. My only friend. And he died thinking his life was worthless. He died thinking it couldn't get better."
“Fine,” he sighed, exasperated and irritated. He moved out of the kitchen and into the living room, flopping magnificently and
His inner Mycroft strolled over to him, swinging that ridiculous umbrella that Sherlock wanted to snap in two. Not a hair on his head was out of place, despite putting in as much effort as the rest of the group in their assault on the black door.
Sherlock eyed Mycroft carefully. His brother did not usually consult him unless it truly was a matter of importance. He had registered the earlier comments about urgency and importance, however, Mycroft did love his theatrics, as he proved every time he sent the sleek black car to kidnap John. But something was different this time. He looked at Mycroft, really looked, and began to unravel what was before him. He saw the darkened circles under Mycroft’s eyes. So, he hadn’t been sleeping well, not for at least a week, only taking rest when it was demanded of him by his body, a feeling Sherlock knew all too well. He looked thinner, not eating. This surprised Sherlock in the extreme. Eating was Mycroft’s favourite part of the day, and had been since childhood. Mycroft’s whole manner looked disheveled. He was slumped over ever so slightly, and a sense of defeat was just radiating off of him. His suit was crumpled and several hairs were lying out of place, not concentration upon his appearance. His fingernails were slightly yellowed, and the smell of smoke, and the dusting of ash on the toe of Mycrofts right shoe told Sherlock that he had taken up smoking again. Mycroft was not one for hypocrisy, but here he was, desperately trying to get Sherlock off of the ‘death sticks’ – as John had once so lovely called them – whilst lighting them up the moment Sherlock was out of sight. Something was wrong, very wrong.
"We don't have a minute, John. In the time your wasting the abductor could be there right now clearing away any shred of evidence that I could have found. He's clever, John. Very clever. He knew about the blind spot, the one and only hole in the security put in place by my brother. He knew exactly what they were doing. Oh," Sherlock clapped his hands together once and bought them up to his face, in line with his nose and shut his eyes, thinking, "I love clever ones, they're a challenge." His eyes snapped open and he bought his hands away by about an inch or two, still held together. "Finally, something interesting, something worthwhile, it's better than Christmas." Sherlock was now struggling to keep the smile from his face. John looked up from his phone as he pressed send and was reminded of their first case together. He was now fighting back his own smile, bringing back yet more memories of their first case together.
“Mr Holmes will be with you shortly.” John nodded in acknowledgement. “He’s currently writing a rather important letter to the Prime Minister.” The man’s face contorted into an expression of utter smugness, as if such important matters were above John. Once again, John nodded his head. He tried to keep a straight face, but as the man walked away, John couldn’t help but let out a short laugh. If the man heard it, he didn’t react.
It was with these thoughts that stepped fully into the room, pulling up a chair on the opposite side of the bed to Sherlock and proceeded to wait for one, or both of them to wake up.
“Turn it off!” Sherlock’s voice was raised, panicked. He could feel his heart begin to race in both fear and anticipation, but for what reason he did not know. What he did know was that he wanted the screen to be turned off. Now. The face returned, with the same unhinged smile across his face as he sat in front of the blue sky and clouds background. The man was dark haired and dark eyed, slight stubble and well dressed in a suit and tie.
It was time to make his next move, before Moriarty upturned the board.
Sherlock bought a hand to his inner John's shoulder, resting it lightly there, allowing space for him to move should John decide to keep attacking the door.
Sherlock had not turned from John, who was still standing in the doorway to the kitchen, randomly opening and closing his mouth, but struggling to form words. Every instinct of Sherlock screamed at him to tell John to get on with it, that he had important experiments to be getting on with and really John was just wasting his time now. But he fought against them, determined to be at least a fraction of the good friend that John had been to him. But John shut his mouth, nodded, turned, and promptly walked back up the stairs and returned to his room for another indeterminate period of time. Sherlock listened, and sure enough, John had begun to pace the length of his room again. Back and forth. Back and forth.
It was the time of year where the evenings were still warm. John scanned the area for an available taxi, before spotting the sleek black car which rolled gracefully up to the curb. The door opened and John hurried in. Anthea was seated next to him in the back, once again tapping away on her beloved phone and not paying the slightest attention to John.
"Yeah, about you, John."
The day after their return to Baker Street, John had gone to visit Mary's grave. He had taken pink roses, Mary's favourites, to lay beside it. IT was his first visit since her funeral. He felt guilty for the extended delay, but he had been wrapped up in taking care of Sherlock. Now that Sherlock had recovered, and John trusted him enough to leave him alone in the flat without running off to shoot up again, there really was no excuse. John hated that he had left it this long, but he was here now, and that was what mattered. He lay the flowers down carefully, as if he was afraid that they would shatter into a million pieces - just as his life had done when he'd lost Mary. He stood there, string at the white marble, caught up his own thoughts, ignorant to the world around him.
Sherlock turned towards John and saw him properly for the first time since his apology. He was slouched over, defeated feeling. The bags under his eyes were darker and more noticeable, little or no sleep, increase in the amount of nightmares, despite his return. Gained 4lbs, eating well, he was clearly having a slightly positive effect. Hands were steady, even after his attack, John found Sherlock’s presence calming and his absence terrifying. John’s shirt had traces of toast around the lapel, left over from breakfast this morning. His fingers had the faintest traces of ink, where it had rubbed off when he had was reading the morning paper, only browsing though, too little ink for him to have been properly reading, trying to keep up with the world after 2 months of nothing. Every now and again he would stretch his fingers out, before they curled back towards the centre of his palm. RSI, caused by the amount of typing John had done the other day.
“Janine”
“Sure, little lioness. I will use the loo and when I come back, we'll go home. And we can meet Molly again soon, okay?”
He was frustrated, he didn’t think he could wait and organise something else later. He had been lucky Sherlock hadn’t deduce anything yet… John swallowed down his disappointment. Mycroft would surely help him organise something else soon. It would have to be quick if he wanted to keep it a surprise…
When he returned from the bathroom, Sherlock was asleep. He was beautiful, such a peaceful expression and his curls around him, he looked like an angel and he was the lucky one to have him fall on his bed. But it was perfect. He would have time to make the breakfast and finish preparing all his presents. It was very hard to plot something with a detective as a partner…
“His shoes. They weren’t there. I made a fuss; I tried to get the police interested, but nobody seemed to think it was important. He’d left all the rest of his clothes in his locker, but there was no sign of his shoes … until now.”
“Sherlock, I am here, I promise it’s me. I am going to touch you, okay, don’t… don’t be afraid. It’s me. John. ”
“God, Sherlock, yes. Whatever you want, my love.”
They had agreed to not talk about the trial with Janine and the exact circumstances of the heat. Sarah didn’t want it to be written in her medical record. She didn’t want the stigmata of rape for her, John and the future baby. There had been articles about what happened, but noone needed to know it was them.
The second time Sherlock woke up, it was to Leanna jumping on the bed singing happy birthday. She just let herself fall onto him when she realized he was awake. John was standing in the doorway, a tray in hand. Sherlock could smell eggs and bacon and something burned.
“They know you’re the John Watson.” Karen tried to explain, starting to appear afraid by the anger emanating from the alpha.
John's POV
John did.
Molly called him when he had just landed in Dublin and was waiting for the local DI. He missed the call, but phoned her back when he was finally sitting in the back of the police car. He was thankful for it, the young police officer sent to pick him up was unbearably annoying and he only found his own behaviour mildly rude, when he cut him of by greeting his daughter's nanny.
“No.”
“Why little lioness?”
She was glad to give them and Sherlock found the two of them hugging and giggling in John's chair more than once. It was his favourite sight and he wanted to paint all the walls in his mind palace with it, so that his two favourite people were everywhere, connected to all the knowledge saved and stored. When Sherlock came home from Barts one evening, he found them sleeping on the sofa, Leanna's fingers curled around the fabric of John's shirt, mouth hanging slightly open and hair a mess.
Sherlock closed his eyes, the arousal that had died down, stirred up again at the possessive gesture. “You are. You are mine. We don't need this for you to be mine.”
On cue, Leanna knocked on their door softly and then entered. She had her dark curls in a braid, but even with her coat and skirt she looked like their little girl. Her smile was genuine when she leaned down to kiss both of them on the cheeks.
“How long… How much... time… ?”
Ember88
As far as Moran and Moriarty went, he wanted to kill them with his bare hands.
“Okay, Papa.”
John's face went soft with affection and Sherlock saved this particular expression in his mind palace. He would have never left Janine if she had ever looked at their child that way.
Sherlock picked up Leanna. He held her tight to his chest. “Mycroft is going to keep you safe, my little lioness. You need to be with him, because Daddy and I need to find Sarah. Moriarty is a bad man and we need to know you’ll be safe while we stop him.”
“I presume there is no body, yet?” Sherlock opened the glove box. A business card caught his attention and he turned it around. When Lestrade wasn't looking he put it into the pocket of his coat.
“Shhh, yes, yes, of course! We will go through this together, always!” John was petting Sherlock’s hair, trying to sooth him, to reassure him.
Molly blushed at the compliment, “Thank you… You’re very elegant too…”
And now, after a decade without talking, except the occasional Christmas card, he didn’t know how to talk to his sister. When coming back from the front, she had tried to help him but he hadn’t wanted to deal with her then.
Legs on either side of John's upper body with his erection bobbing only inches from John's mouth, Sherlock looked down at him. “You want me to...” And then it dawned on him. “Oh. Oh. You looked at the list, right?”
Sherlock turned around to look at John. “We need to let Moriarty know that the case is solved.”
He traced her belly with his index finger and she tried to squirm away from him. “Your little babies will have to pay the price. Understood?”
He found three magazines, written for teenage girl's. He made the four personality test he found in them. They had titles like “Does he like me?” or “Is he interested in a date?”.
I hope you are not too angry with us for the cliff hanger. We didn't intend to let you wait until november, but we had some problems writing regularly during summer, so we won't be able to start uploading sooner. We are sorry  for that.
“It's working. Let's go, then.”
“John?”
“No. It’s a man and his daughter, Sherlock and Leanna. Very interesting people and we have lots of fun. You’d like them…I think. Sherlock is a bit of a genius really and Leanna, well she is a very serious little girl. And so cute! Like father, like daughter”
“Two hours, Papa,” she said with a confidence in her voice he knew too well.
John took control again by or trapping Sherlock’s hand over his head, he looked in his eyes, searching any trace of discomfort. When he saw only lust and excitement, John lowered himself on his love, took that mouth, owned it, and began a new more languid and firm rhythm. Sherlock was growling in his mouth, it was delicious reverberation. After a few minutes of slow love making, John couldn’t take it anymore, he resigned himself to set free Sherlock’s mouth and migrated to his ears.
Leanna looked at him, green eyes filled with tears. She whimpered, hiding her face in his chest.
“Where is it?”
Ambre (aka ember88)
John let go of him, in full doctor mode now. But he could almost touch the angry aura he now projected.
“I'm coming with you”, John then looked at his parents “Mom, Dad, I will see you after”, he put his hand behind Sherlock back and they followed their little girl.
For a moment, John was gone, as he retrieved the lube from the drawer.
Their little party stepped into the room and Sarah squealed in surprise when she found it furnished instead of empty as she had expected.
Leanna was very excited by all the shopping and new things, they spent forever trying to get her to fall asleep and it had been Sherlock’s magic violin which had finally put an end to the overexcited little girl’s night.
John had hesitated before showing the photo to Molly, but it was easy to put himself in her shoes. He would want to know if there were news about his loved one, he couldn’t not inform Molly of this.
“Happy? You made her leave with your unjustified accusation!” John blamed Sherlock.
“We are a couple, yes.”
Violet Holmes sat in the chair behind the desk, wearing a blue blouse and, Sherlock could only guess from where he was standing in the door, dark trousers. A movement from the opposite corner and in the next moment Sherlock was being pulled into a hug, the comfort of his father's scent surrounding him.
“You know exactly where I want to be touched next and you give so much attention to the erogenous zones of my body. I feel worshiped by your tongue and hands.”
“shush, we will talk John. But tomorrow. I haven’t slept a full night since our fight, and you seem to need your beauty sleep too.”
“Yoo-hoo.” Mrs. Hudson appeared in the doorway. “Just wanted to ask the little Miss whether she wants to come downstairs and play with Mrs. Turner's granddaughters. They are here for the weekend.”
She didn’t care why there were strangers in her house, or that the alpha was twice her size. The only thing she knew was that her omega had been hurt. She screamed in her rage and the sword sliced through flesh. The Alpha roared in pain and sank to his knees. Violet wanted to cut him into pieces for hurting her bondmate. She wanted to tear open his neck and watch him bleed to death. Instead she sank to the floor next to Siger, cradling his dead body to her chest. Her hands, her clothes were soaked with his blood and she pressed her nose to his neck. For a last time she took in the scent of roses and ginger as it slowly faded.
“He will have to go back to Mummy. I don't want to, but we will have to. But I promise to you, I will be there for you. You will never be alone again. Never. I know I have left you alone with her way to often. Not anymore. I promise. I love you. I promise.”
But the hours were passing, and still no sign of Sherlock. Doubt was beginning to show its ugly head. John wondered if sherlock even realized he was missing.
“I saw you, John, you are watching Sarah intensely. And if I did, don’t delude yourself, Sherlock did too! Why do you think he hasn’t left your side until now? Must be hard for both of you… I just wanted to know if…you were okay, you and Sherlock.” Harry tentatively explained.
They had finished the bedtime story and were laying in the dark next to each other, Leanna’s fist closed around her father index finger on her chest.
(See the end of the chapter for
John Some-middle-name-beginning-with-an-H Watson was an alpha. Army doctor. Got Shot. Very loyal very soon.
We will be able to upload up to chapter 5 on time, but we have lost contact to our beta reader and chapters 6 to 15 may come with delay
“John, his children, Leanna, Sarah, they will not be hurt. You can end me, but they will live in peace.” Sherlock said.
“Ah, yeah, okay. Just... come in, sit down. I'll have a look.” She gestured into the room and he stepped in, sitting down. “What happened, Mr....?”
Sherlock nodded and Leanna pressed a kiss to Mycroft's cheek, who still looked confused whenever that happened. “Bye, uncle My. I go play.”
“How do you know?” John was always curious about how the detective made his deduction.
“Don’t think about it anymore, I forgive you. We were both very clumsy in how we defended our position and we just angered each other more…Let’s forget the hurt and just remember to communicate more, we let our frustration build and it exploded five days ago. I should have been more careful of that… I felt frustrated each time you put yourself in danger without telling me or someone else, but I never really told you before. Seeing your injury I lost it. I was already angry because you hadn’t answered your texts and…with Moriarty…I was worried… I always am, always will be… But it’s not your cross to bear. I won’t try to control your actions, I promise…”
John seemed excited and scared at the same time. Sherlock had felt that way five years ago and at the same time he didn’t know how John felt at all.
"What day?" Sherlock halted, leaning back so fell into his seat.
He nodded a short goodbye, his hurried steps taking him out to the front of the building where Sherlock was stood quietly, his phone in hand as he typed away viciously.
"On second thoughts, maybe this relationship is a bad idea"
"Dad" Rosie shouted before shoving the door open, she stood in the door way looking at the two of them, her eyes furrowing for a second before finally a smile appeared on her face.
"Well, good. That's all what matters"
"Know what?" John asked, clearly becoming irritated by the whole situation "why am I being kept in the dark here?"
"Thank you, Sherlock" She spoke in barely a whisper as she leant over to wrap her arms around his waist and hold him in a tight embrace and Sherlock was quick to return the favour, wrapping his arms around her shoulders and holding her close.
"Oh John, she's allowed to hear about how her dad and his boyfriend used to run the streets of London" Mrs H spoke randomly, swatting John's arm as he walked past.
Rosie sighed, stepping forward slightly so she was in Sherlock's view and her mouth opened wide as she gawked at him like he was some celebrity she had been obsessed with that week. John had never seen her so star-struck.
"I made a pot of tea" She announced, much like every time John would visit.
"You okay?" John asked softly.
"You said you missed me" John answered cautiously, completely unsure where this was going.
"I hate to alarm you both, but I'm getting married in less than - woah" John paused, standing in the door way, his eyes wide as he looked at the pair, holding onto one another.
"Alright, I'll see you then" He sighed, ending the call and placing the phone in front of him.
"Trust me, John. We're going to be fine! A few days from now, Rosie will be home and we can carry on as though this was nothing more than a little bump in the road - after all, it was you who convinced me to do this, you've got to have a little faith in me"
"Yes that's the one! What a god awful name"
"Got you, right, thank you Dr Watson, let's hope this cream works. My thighs are burning" He laughed, although John couldn't find it in him to even pretend to humour him. He just smiled, extending his arm in the direction of the door.
@libertyjaex
"That you two loved each other? You always spoke about him more than you did mum in your blogs. I'm just curious"
He halted, noting the eyes of their friends as they awaited an answer, even Molly who had been extremely quiet since arriving.
"Even so, it's rather psychotic" John shrugged, taking another fork full of his food.
"Mrs H?" They both heard the call from below them, the front door closing not long after. Mrs Hudson panicked, however, Sherlock didn't move as though he needed this comfort. He had been dealing with this for too long, alone.
"He only walked back into my life yesterday and you're already telling me that this little break is over?" John argued.
"Ah, Mr Watson, day dreaming, are we?" Mycroft approached him, his walking stick in hand as he gave John the most devilish smile.
Reply was within seconds.
"Not in exact terms but-"
"I'm so close" Sherlock groaned, his mind trying to focus on pleasing them both.
He stood up, glancing around the room, lifting his hand to wipe his eyes and then he stood his ground, lifting his shoulders before turning his back to his once, home.
"You think?" John smiled.
"It, well, it's my past Rosie. You're my future, they're two different things" he attempted an explanation, he really wasn't expecting to have this conversation the moment he walked through the door.
The two of them turned, looking through the see-through glass to reveal the situation - John gasped, his whole breath hitching as he finally saw. Mrs Hudson lay there, wires hanging from her, eyes closed, bandages wrapped around her arms and legs and completely still. Not a single teapot or cup of tea surrounded her.
Their hands stayed locked together as they walked side by side to the rather, large house in the middle of bloody no where. They approached the door and Sherlock lifted his free hand to knock on the door.
"Oh, really?" Molly asked through a laugh.
"Oh, John! Look at you" She spoke, covering her mouth as the emotions overwhelmed her "How long has it been?"
John nodded, taking Sherlock's hand and leading him over to the sofa. He pulled Sherlock in front of him, nodding down at the sofa, his cue to lie down. Sherlock released his hand, kicking his shoes off and adjusted himself to lie down, his back against the back of the sofa, leaving room for John to slot in, in front of him - which he did, John lay with his back to Sherlock's chest, shuffling until they completely touching, soon Sherlock's arm awkwardly made its way around John's waist, the other sliding underneath his head so John could rest against it.
John let out a deep sigh, closing his eyes for a second, usually the indication that he was trying very hard not to lose his mind. "It's Greg. And he's not my best friend"
"We're not a couple Sherlock"
"I agree" John let out a breathy chuckle.
"What exactly are his plans?" John asked, ignoring Sherlock as ever, practically excluding him from the conversation.
The hall was the same, Mrs Hudson hadn't decorated it, in fact, it was still as vintage and dull as it was when he left. He was certain she hadn't decorated since the day she moved in.
"She's out of surgery, skin graft was successful, however she still hasn't woke up, we're just hoping for the best now"
His phone chimed instantly as she began to rant away.
"Really?"
"Is that so?" He inches just slightly closer, still enough room between them to fit somebody in between.
"How dare you, I'll have you know I have a fanastic taste in movies"
"Yes, Molly did tell me - she did go on about you two though, boring really" He said, tracing his finger tips across the desk opposite them, his eyes still focused on Sherlock "All this talk about how lovely it was to see you two together again, how wonderful it is that you're finally giving love a chance - so stupid, so boring"
"Don't forget to put your clothes in the wash basket, that doesn't mean your floor" he called after her, a small smile on his lips as he turned to look at Sherlock who's expression was nothing more than fond.
"You alive, mate?" John asked, a light chuckle escaping his lips as he shuffled to get comfortable. "- drifted out there, didn't you?"
"Oh, shut up you! I can't believe how quickly you two bonded, she was so bloody nervous on the way here that you wouldn't like her"
once were" Sherlock smiled softly, his eyes finally flickering up to look at John.
"Clearly, she's very upset with how boring we are. You know what teenagers are like, drama, drama, drama - apparently we're now the cause of her problems" John grinned.
was tedious and relationships were pointless and unnecessary distractions"
"Good, okay" John smiled softly, his eyes flickering down at his twiddling fingers for a slightly second as his cheeks grew a shade of crimson red "nice to know"
"You're allowed to let your guard down Sherlock. It's me, after all. You liked it didn't you?" John challenged.
"You sound sure of yourself" John cocked an eyebrow towards him, not quite sure if he believed him at all.
"You allow your feelings to get the better of you for even a slight second and suddenly you're back into detective mode?"
"Lads!' Greg grinned from ear to ear, standing back slightly to let them through the door "Welcome to my humble abode!"
"Yes, Sherlock. Time to go home. No coming back after that, it's all over once you step foot back into 221B, you understand that?"
"Jesus" Lestrade let out a boisterous laugh "this really is a picture, like a proper family, well, a dysfunctional one"
"I think you have a bigger heart than you let on"
He was in his kitchen, leaning against the kitchen counter reading the texts he had revived from Rosie whilst getting ready.
"None of this is necessary John, please, you should go back to your wedding - you don't... you don't need to explain this to me"
"He's lying" Rosie quickly retorted, her narrowed as she looked at Sherlock "traitor"
"So, that's it?" She asked, her arms crossed over her chest. "You're leaving?"
"Not at all" Sherlock quickly interrupted his ramblings "- it's nice, I think, no, yes, it is"
"How old is she now?"
"What do you mean?"
"Do you really want to kill Sherlock?" John asked, taking a few brave steps towards him "is that what you want?"
"Tedious, everyone's an idiot"
"I didn't believe Greg when he told me you both were coming. It's nice to see you both together again, nice to also hear that you're finally giving the whole Romance thing a go"
"So, why did you move out of central London? I thought you loved it?"
"Because he had to or because his mind told him to do it? If you would have reached out and supported him when this all started, you could have a stable, healthy relationship with him right now - you wouldn't be here, you would be fine and your brother would still be alive today"
"That's nice" She smiled encouragingly "I know you are completely certain that you don't like men, dad. But you know, it's okay. Gay is okay, even if you're not gay, you still have the freedom to love whomever your heart desires. And if that person is Sherlock then that's okay. I already love him and if you could chose anyone I'm glad you are choosing him"
"It's very complicated"
"A man" He said to himself, already collecting ideas at what this one could be. Maybe a cold and believing they were dying because their temperature was simply 1 point to high?
"Very well. Look, mate, I was wondering if you wanted to meet up today? Mrs Hudson said she hadn't been able to get ahold of you and has now put her trust in me to get you to visit her, I said we'd pop for a spot of tea and lunch"
"Sherlock?" John shouted as he walked up the stairs cautiously, slightly confused as to why he couldn't hear any gun shots, shouting or violin playing.
"Wow" John laughed, smiling up at Sherlock who looked so uncomfortable in the situation. Never did he believe he would see the day Sherlock Holmes would surprise him at work with flowers and alcohol.
Sherlock frowned "I don't... I only figured this all out in the past year, I wouldn't know how to explain it without knowing fully or-"
John laughed, literally, laughed out loud. This side of Sherlock was going to be much more fun that he thought.
"So, when can I meet him?" That's the question that finally caught his attention, he turned his head to look at Rosie who was sat excitedly in her seat awaiting her answer and he couldn't quite fathom out what she was going on about.
Sitting there in their underwear as though this was completely normal, would be baffling to anyone else but to John it just seemed natural, as though they should have been like this years ago, they should have admitted all of this a long time ago - but they didn't, at least they still had now, it was real, it was happening. and he was happy.
"I knew you were a softie" Greg laughed loudly, reaching up to ruffle Sherlock's unruly locks "C'mon lads, everyone's in the kitchen"
"Do you trust me?" Sherlock asked, his hands pushing past John's waist until they reached around his back and pulled him close.
"Don't expect me to spread you across my living room floor, unfortunately I have a 13 year old daughter who could walk in at any minute. However, don't expect me not to next time I'm at Baker Street" John spoke, each word paused so he could kiss Sherlock's lips repeatedly.
"Bloody hell Sherlock, you said no more games! Why are we suddenly being subjected into a mind game? I can't bloody answer for you"
"She loves you, she loves when you stay with her" John tried to encourage her, looking at himself in the mirror on the wall and adjusting his navy checked shirt.
"You're wrong. So, so, wrong" He shook his head, slamming his hand against the desk "he is no one, he's always been a nobody - nobody could love him, nobody could even care for him can't you see that? If I kill him, not a single person would mourn him - he deserves to die, my brother died so he could end Sherlock Holmes life and in return, his must be taken"
"I love you, too" John returned, his smile never fading, much like it never would when it came to his life.
"Good night, sweetheart. Sleep well" He spoke softly, releasing her slightly so she could lean over and kiss her dad on the cheek briefly before heading out of the living room and closing the door behind her.
"Of course" John nodded "So, now what?"
, was announced into the public eye he found himself admiring him, wanting to be just like him and that only humoured
"You're only taste is horror films, where you continue to shout abuse at the victims for being so clueless and judge the murderers for being so careless" John argued, standing to his feet, lacing his fingers through Sherlock's as he attempted to lift him.
"Okay, but why not come to me yourself?"
"I- I guess we are, yes" John sighed.
"Everyone, this is Sherlock Holmes and John Watson, Scotland Yards most famous idiots" Greg introduced, taking a gulp of his beer and turning back to the others in the room.
"No, that's not the point. It wouldn't have worked, you needed to find Mary and you needed everything that happened - we both did. No other man in his forty's could tell the story of their life like ours, John Watson. And through the pain, loss and extreme suffering we have managed to come out - alive and well"
"That would be a war on its own" John chuckled softly, kissing Sherlock's chest before untangling himself from his arms and leaning to grab his T-Shirt from the ground. Turning to look at Sherlock as he put it on "So, where do we go?"
"but, why? You're there now, it would make better sense if I just came there and me, you and Sherlock could have dinner together"
"I'm not the prime minister, Sherlock"
"Don't" John laughed "you don't need to explain it to me, I get it"
Since turning fourteen, it seemed her attitude had only worsened, she was at the most pivotal time of her youth and everything to her was an effort.
"Are you... Sherlock, you're the smartest and most intelligent man I have ever met but you are also the most fucking stupid. I have waited to hear those words leave your lips, dreamt of them, of course I wouldn't say it through pity, you daft twat"
"You arrived quickly enough" Mycroft greeted, looking between the two of them, his eyes softening towards John although he'd never admit that.
"very much so, however you're beautiful, very very beautiful" Sherlock repeated, his eyes focused on John as he spoke, admiring his gorgeous eyes "- can I?"
"I still can't quite believe that. Usually, knowing you, you have a secret motive behind it, that's usually why you do the things you do"
Sherlock let out a sigh, a groan escaping his lips as he let his head fall to his hands and he mumbled "Oh, John. Fuck, I'm sorry"
"What?" He asked, tilting his head in confusion.
"I have a bad feeling" John admitted, sitting back onto Sherlock's thighs "Nothing good ever lasts long, how long do you think this will last until something horrible happens?"
"Yes, she's already taller than you" Sherlock smirked.
It wasn't until Mrs Hudson's hand placed itself on his back that he snapped, his head turning to look at her, his eyes wide as he assessed the situation he was in. He looked down at himself and then back at her, steadying his breathing.
Sherlock had been beyond himself for weeks, he had never experienced such confusion in his life. His mind simply wasn't agreeing with him - something he definitely wasn't used to.
"Yes well, you're famous, still"
"I can assure you both, he will be coming back and he will be coming for you both - he, much like our original Moriarty knows that John is your weakness Sherlock and he will use him against you at any convenience"
"You don't have to thank me"
Sherlock let out a deep breath, his eyes scanning over the words over and over as he tried to consume a response, his fingers typed and deleted over and over.
"They can try all they like to provoke me, but I stand by what I said. I'm done" Sherlock stated calmly, taking back his seat. "So if you would all kindly go away, that would be most appreciated"
John shook his head, who the hell was this man and what had he done with Sherlock Holmes?
"Excuse me" Sherlock practically shouted as they approached the front desk "- urgent, we need to know where Mrs Martha Hudson is"
John was in his office when the game had finally begun.
Who knew this was going to be so fun?
"He'll make his own, of course"
They stayed like that, mouths and tongues moulding like lost limbs, as though they had been forced to part and found each other again. And John really didn't want to pull away, honestly, he didn't, he was in an air field, explosions and fireworks setting off around him in such serenity and fear that if he did, that would be the last time. But he was breathless, he needed to.
"Hush" John shook his head, looking up at him "- I know, you don't have to apologise, love. What's the matter? Are you worried?"
He peered at the screen, he saw the name and let out a deep exhale of breath. He reached for it, swiping the screen to answer.
"Well, yes... I love you, John, very much"
"I'm not... No, Sherlock, I would never even attempt to mock you because of how you feel" John shook his head, Sherlock soon noticed that John was now kneeling on the end of his bed, slowly shuffling his way towards him "I'm annoyed because you didn't tell me before, I'm annoyed that you waited until the day of my wedding and I'm annoyed because I fell in love with you from the moment I met you and did nothing about it"
"It's ridiculous,
"I think you underestimate me, John"
"Sherlock, there's no other way. There's no time to stop and worry, that's not what you do - you focus, you deduce, you understand. I'm asking you to stop and think here, you need to solve this case, your names Sherlock Holmes, so do your bloody job"
"Shit, Sherlock" John said, pushing a cum-dazed Sherlock up from his chest "Rosie will be home in twenty minutes, we both need a shower and need to get out of these... well, now filthy clothes"
"Yes" John nodded.
"It's awful, isn't it?"
"There was another Holmes, right?" Rosie asked, attempting to remember but from the frown on her face it was clearly not working.
"How's Mrs H?" She asked, placing her coat over her arms.
"Sherlock" John attempted.
?" Sherlock suddenly softened, his eyes wide as he tilted his head at his own question.
It took only a few minutes for Rosie to finally release her Godfather from her grips and soon they were all sat around together near the fire place with a nicely made cup of tea curtesy of Mrs Hudson, it didn't take long for Rosie to start piling a tonne of questions at Sherlock.
"Pretty much" she shrugged, looking at her dad from the corner of her eye "how was your day?"
Sherlock chuckled, the crinkles beneath his eyes evident "she really is something, never met a thirteen year old with such sass"
"The game is on"
He leant back, fighting a battle to pull it from his jeans pocket and his flickered to Sherlock for a second, watching the sigh fall from his lips as he also fell back, looking slightly defeated. He saw the name on the screen and really did consider just throwing it, he should have known.
"You - wait, so you-"
"Very. Although, after you left I spent years coming back" John admitted, leaning his arms on the armrests with a gentle sigh.
"Oh, I... What was the question?"
Sherlock tilted his head to the side with a smile "Good Evening Rosie, how was your time at your grandmothers?" He asked, still humming into the feel of John.
"Oh, fuck, shit, buggary fuck" John babbled "- Oh fuck, but wait. Why on earth would he lead her on for so long? He bloody married her"
Rosie, Lunch and a banging headache.
"The feeling is mutual"
"Well, all she has to do is see how fond her father is of me and it's instant" Sherlock teased, taking another sip of his tea. "I'm a very loveable man"
"I'll pick us something up from the cafe round the corner" John said, wrapping his dressing gown tighter around his chest.
"Long time no see mate, I'm glad you're here" Greg said, smiling as he released him.
"I'm going to lose my mind" John muttered, biting his tongue so he wouldn't cause a scene, he knew the sooner he got her to school the sooner he could sit back and do nothing all day "your black shoes are under the stairs, those ugly white trainers you like so much are by the back door and all your other shoes are on the shoe rack"
"We've been in the car fifteen minutes, Rosie. Don't be over dramatic" John rolled his eyes, attempting to keep his attention on the busy London traffic.
"Speak for yourself" He scoffed "I'm still as young as I was ten years ago"
Unless he did, Sherlock moved his hands innocently, simply stretching his arm and yet when his hands grazed over John's groin, he had to stifle in the moan that was forcefully trying to escape his swollen lips, he had been biting down on his bottom lip notoriously.
, in fact. I am not going anymore, I'm a grown bloody man and I want to live a normal bloody life with John"
"Patience" Mrs Hudson fired back, turning to Sherlock again "don't be scared or alarmed, okay dear? No matter what gets said in this room today, you will always have John and I"
"Do other teenagers even care? I would assume that our past is well, the past, by now. I'm surprised they even bother"
"That's going to get some getting used to"
"Yes, we are. Now make sure you dress smart, I'm fed up of seeing you dress like a dad"
"Morning, love" John grinned, placing one last peck on his lips.
"We'll try, won't we, Sherlock?" John smiled softly, turning to meet Sherlock's once again worried glance. He frowned, turning to Molly with false confidence "don't worry"
"Calm down, brother mine" Mycroft rolled his eyes, heading straight for the sofa on the far side of the room. "We are only here because you decided to take a walk earlier today"
"I'm glad, I never want you to feel uncomfortable around me, Sherlock"
Within two seconds of John sitting down, his phone vibrated where it lay on his desk. He peered over looking at the text.
He couldn't comprehend how he had set off from his house this morning for lunch with Mrs H to being reunited with his sociopathic best friend who abandoned him for years, as if it was just another blimp along the road. And sitting there in Mrs H's kitchen, being waited on with endless cups of tea, he couldn't understand how both Sherlock and her were acting like this was normal. How could they just fit back so effortlessly into the routine that they had left behind?
"So, is the case closed? Or do I still have to prove my feelings for you?" Sherlock asked, holding onto John in hopes he'd never let go.
"Dad?" Rosie shouted from the top of the stairs, letting Sherlock place her jacket on her arms and guiding her down "- Are you okay? What's going on?"
"You always defend him" He breathed out "even after everything"
John watched him as he sat on the stool at the end of the desk, his head leaning on his hand - it amazed him how quickly he could just adjust himself to the situation, whereas, John was still sat on the floor in a fit of panic. Soon enough, as the steps grew nearer, he stood to his feet, standing beside Sherlock with his arms crossed over his chest.
"God, you're such a bastard"
Sherlock pulled back, grabbing his last slice of toast from the plate and biting into it. Waving as he left the kitchen, John shook his head, turning to the kettle once more when he heard Sherlock call out.
"I... Well, yes I did" John nodded "is that an issue? I'm sorry if I offended you"
"Shit" They both shouted in unison.
"Yes, well, losing your wife is difficult"
John watched as Sherlock's hands gripped the jug, pouring him some water into a glass, he watched how carefully and delicately he dealt with it, noting how the veins popped out under the skin on his hands ever so slightly.
John sighed, stretching his limbs as he stood up straight, his eyes were wary as he took small steps over towards Sherlock, he knew that at one point to even attempt to engage in any conversation with Sherlock when he was in that state was beyond dangerous - it would usually end in gun shots firing over his head, mugs thrown at him or enraged shouting however, this time, John didn't want a conversation, he wanted touch.
"Now, usually, after someone declares their love for someone things are different - you, on the other hand, you big bastard you, have done the exact opposite, in fact, you've only gone back into your old ways. I didn't spend all these years getting to know the real you for you to go right back to our first days, that's not how this works" John spoke firmly, ignoring the confused look across Sherlock's face.
"I've been in danger the moment I met you, Sherlock Holmes" John spoke softly "I expect nothing less. We can work this, we can keep Rosie safe - I have relatives that will happily care for her whilst we deal with this here. There's no avoiding it. This man has nearly bloody killed Mrs Hudson, Sherlock. When would you ever allow someone to get away with that? She's not just your bloody house - keeper, she's your friend,
John cut him off immediately "you just waltz back in as though nothing has happened, as though you haven't missed out on years of my life or years of Rosie's life, you say you're sorry, like last time and expect everything to be fine and dandy again. But that's not how it works anymore Sherlock, we're not two lads going round running the streets of London nearly getting killed every five minutes. Especially not me, I'm not your partner anymore, I'm an adult, with responsibility and you just had to come back and mess that up, didn't you?"
"Three in a week, all shot, instant kill" Greg shouted over, unbothered by the glances by the staff members around him.
"You're being extremely quiet" She noted, turning onto her side with her head against the head rest. "It's unlike you"
"Fine" She sighed, walking away towards the back exit.
He peered at the clock against the wall, one hour, fifty two minutes and thirty six seconds, thirty five, thirty four, thirty three - he felt his chest tighten, his lungs expanding double size.
John and Sherlock pushed past the others in the room and head towards the conservatory where they had spotted Molly, John was first to grab her and pull her into a hug, Sherlock copying his actions.
"Sherlock" John spoke through an inhale of breath, his breathing rapidly increasing. The word not seeming real as it drifted off his tongue into the direction to whom it belonged to.
"Even if the person was completely normal? And didn't have a tendency to set fires and shoot guns around the place?"
Whereas, Sherlock was experiencing everything all at once, he didn't know what it would feel like to be doing this with John Watson, his best friend. He had thought about it, of course he had, who wouldn't? He had found himself pondering over John's arse on more than one occasion, practically examining it to the last detail, yet, he was still unaware how he had managed to be blessed with such a thick and beautiful arse.
"Then just do it, be blunt for once"
"I know it's hard John, but Sherlock is stupid, he doesn't know what he's doing half the time! Usually what he thinks is right is usually the worst bloody idea ever invented. Give him time, after all, if you don't find him, he will definitely find his way back to you"
"No, Sherlock. You did that all on your own"
"You have a new case, Sherlock Holmes" John smirked to himself slyly, pushing him away just enough for him to escape his grip as he head towards the living room.
Sherlock's eyes peered up to look back at John and then, his hand gripped onto his cock, his eyes noting the way John arched his back, then his hand ran down, then up, his thumb slicking over the slit, admiring the way John shivered and then, his hand moved more rapidly, up, down, up, down.
"What do you mean?" John frowned, ignoring how Sherlock was completely obvious to the entire conversation and their friends as he sat on his phone tweeting about how their waitress wasn't having an affair with the owner of the local pub.
"Did too" He continued to tease, enjoying seeing Sherlock so confused. "You'd probably like me to do it again"
"I couldn't have helped him, he needed to do what he needed to do, that couldn't be stopped - he did it because he had to"
"We cannot be certain as of now, Doctor Watson" Mycroft spoke firmly. "We will know more after surgery"
"Ah, ah, ah - don't spring this around on me, you were the one all emotional. I see the real Sherlock Holmes peaking out now"
"I'm going to bed" John spoke through gritted teeth, taking a deep breath as he began his decent.
"Probably. However, she's not showing it too much, in fact she encouraged me to leave that day" John admitted, stepping under the police line as he attempted to follow Sherlock.
The door swung open and he was met with Mrs Hudson who was covered with a big smile as she caught eyes with Rosie who was standing just behind John, looking up at the hat sat on the rack collecting dust.
"Ready?" John asked, stepping beside him "I'm starved, shall we order in tonight?"
"He's an idiot" Mrs H spoke, dropping her arms to her side.
"I mourned my brother, I mourned him from the day he took his life - all because of your beloved Sherlock Holmes" He shouted, his eyes furrowed in rage.
"I understand you're upset-"
"You're an idiot" John shook his head "honestly, why Irene? She would love to see my jealous, it's like some sort of kink for her. She probably got off on the idea"
"It's not too late at all" Sherlock shook his head, he couldn't find the ability to find anything even remotely clever to say, he was blank in the mind and that was something he had never felt.
"You looked after my dad, after he lost mum. I know you tried to help and I know he loves you, you make him happy and I'm so glad you're back he's been so happy since you came back, it's like he's finally at peace"
"It has, hasn't it?" She sighed, sitting opposite. "It's been extremely quiet, in fact, it's been miserable. I've been on my own now for quite some time, the only person bloody making an effort to visit is Lestrade"
"Whatever's going on, it's because Sherlock's back, isn't it?" Rosie asked, pushing her bowl away from her as she straightened her tie, her uniform perfectly ironed thanks to Sherlock.
Instant reply, a chain of messages.
The relationship they had developed was beyond expectations, yet, wonderful.
"You... What?"
"you've actually deduced this?" John asked, turning to look at Sherlock "I told you the game was on in a humourus sense, I didn't think you'd take it so seriously"
But he was nervous, bloody nervous and he had no idea why. It was like he was a teenager again about to go on his first ever date, it practically was, had hadn't been with anyone since Mary and had never had the urge to try with anyone else - so really, this was his first date all over again.
"Yes" He nodded, attempting not to laugh at the ridiculous excitement. Nobody should be this excited meeting an ex drug lords wife and a sociopath who solves crimes to get high.
"I suppose one of us has to be optimistic"
"Yes you did" Mrs Hudson stated as she walked into the room with another tray of tea. "She was bound to be a little like Sherlock, after all, she was with him during her first months"
"It's going to be okay, sweetheart. It won't feel like this forever" She cooed into him, holding him tightly.
"I know"
Their thighs were touching, John's legs close enough to practically drape over Sherlock's. Probably because of how amazed he was over Sherlock's thighs in those jeans. He tried to act as platonically as possible, which was near impossible. They sat closely, no words spoken as they head to Lestrades, that was until half way through the journey.
He looked at the younger man, a sort of look of spite towards him. How dare he do this to him, how dare he play with his emotions and his life as though he was simply the puppet to his extravagant show of a life.
Finally together.
Somehow the confused lack of understanding only made him even more adorable.
"Beautiful."
“You promised, remember,” he said. Keeping his face turned forwards, he pitched his voice so Sherlock would catch the three words as they passed each other.
"Because I like you. Because I find you attractive. Because you're brilliant."
Ah, Sherlock.
Sherlock frowned. It was almost as if the doctor was treating him like a trapped or wild animal, making sure exits were available and not making any sudden movements.
(See the end of the chapter for
Would he simply sit and stare into the fire, drowning in the memories of his former lost love and the thoughts of what might have been?
The doctor didn't appear to be lying.
There was something heady about watching the doctor's reactions, taking in the lowered eyelids, the hips moving in counterpoint, the breathy sounds of pleasure. It was easy to see why someone like the doctor would take so much enjoyment in giving someone else pleasure.
The doctor met his gaze head on, eyes not wavering, expression open but serious.
“Another serve down the centre from Holmes. Stretched return Watson. Holmes forehand, Watson, it clips the net, wrong footing Holmes who returns, but it’s an easy put away for Watson at the net.”
"Sherlock?"
With many cheerful facts about the square of the hypotenuse."
Grabbing his racket, he got to his feet, a plan in mind. He might live to regret this, but he knew he would probably regret it more if he didn’t do it.
John groaned, arching into the caress, lifting his hips in a desperate attempt for attention to be payed to where his erection was virtually quivering with need.
There was a pause but the heart rate didn't change.
Holding his gaze, Sherlock gave a slight nod. Then looking away, he licked his lips. "What else would there be?" he asked, looking back. "Kissing?"
Yup, that sounded very much like Sherlock.
“Does it bother you?” Irene asked. “That he hasn’t said the words.”
He had search for it, but there had been nothing left. His bedroom had been almost entirely gutted.
– Mumford & Sons (Babel)
The bloody git.
Lamiae: 1) From classical myth: a mythical monster (traditionally female) who preyed on human beings and sucked the blood of children.
Coney-catching: Elizabethan slang for theft through trickery. To swindle, cheat, dupe. A coney-catcher was a thief or con man
He looked up with a frown. "My family?" he asked.
The words caught him off guard, completely at odds to their mood and position. He braced to pull away, but a firm tightening of the arms around him told him not to.
They took seats in a corner, to one side of the fire. The warmth was welcome, even after the relatively short time spent outside between the jeep and the pub, and was more than enough to justify the removal of his borrowed coat.
Oh fuck.
“Oh no,” Sherlock said, mirroring the offer. “It’s your birthday after all; age before beauty.”
He sank his teeth in and drank even as the hot, virile body arch beneath him, fingers raking across his back. The blood was like ambrosia, warm and alive, the pulse throbbing against his tongue. His cock swelled with the imbibing of it, heavy and thick with want. But even in the frenzy that gripped him, he knew the limits of what he could take, and gasping, he ripped his teeth away, sealing the wound with his tongue.
Retreating back upstairs, he returned to
He turned the postcard over again. Three letters. Three vowels clearly scribed.
“How’d you want me then? Back or front?”
“Quickening pulse, dilating pupils, wandering hands, hmm, I’d say so,” Sherlock said, pitching his voice low in his chest and making no move either closer or further away.
would not be the man, nor the friend I believe myself to be."
“Try the main compartment,” Sherlock called. “If not, the side one.”
He motioned for the window to be unwound, then waited patiently, seemingly mindless of how wet he was getting.
Rolling his eyes he crossed the room and pressed a kiss to his partner’s hair.
He shook his head with a fond smile. Wanker.
"Touch me," he gasped as Sherlock paused briefly to shift position.
“He won’t destroy you, John,” Sherlock had said almost patiently for him.
It seemed a little silly now, but it had only been three years ago that he had been lagging behind his peers in terms of height. Then he had put on five inches in fourteen months, with a further two inches in the year that followed. For a while, his new, longer limbs had left him feeling clumsy and like an alien in a strange body. Ballet had gone some way to retraining himself and taking back control.
His feet felt laden as he climbed each step. Behind him he heard nothing to suggest the doctor had moved from his place on the floor. It took effort not to look behind him, back down, when he reached the top of the stairs. Instead he pushed the bedroom door open.
There was a pause, a frown, and then Sherlock was sitting up, taking the postcard from him. He turned it over, looked at the front, then turned it over and looked at the back. It hadn’t changed. It was still the same postcard which meant they were seeing what they were meant to see; a cheerful picture of a giant egg sitting on a wall, little legs swinging, the words Humpty Dumpty written across the top part of the picture. While on the back of the card there were just the three innocuous letters; I O U.
“But in better news, John Watson went through convincingly on Saturday, maintaining the form that won him Wimbledon just two months ago. Could he become the first player ever to follow-up their first Grand Slam win with a second? Well, there’s still a long way to go and he’d be facing some very tough opposition along the way. Catch him in action from eleven a.m. local time, four p.m. in England when he’ll be taking on the Chinese wonder kid, Zhi Zhu, in what could be a fascinating clash of two very different styles. That’s the opening match on Louis Armstrong Stadium, to be followed by the women’s singles fourth round game between Kaia Kanepi and Yanina Wickmayer.
The doctor's gaze was almost predatory as he followed the movement, his tongue automatically coming out to wet his lips.
"So you are then," Sherlock said.
might work. The Beatles, possibly. The Beach Boys? Elvis? Something newer into the collection. Something Harry may not have known? Something newer that the doctor had only just brought with him?
The warmth was soothing.
Because Harry was gone, and even if it was only for one night, he was going to have everything Harry had had, and afterwards, he was going to walk away with a priceless violin and there was nothing the dead man could do about it.
Perhaps he should reiterate that he had no desire to report the doctor to the authorities? On the reassurance, of course, that this was indeed a one off, that the doctor had no intention of kidnapping another slim, homosexual genius for sexual intercourse.
That was more invitation than John needed, and leaning further forward, he tugged Sherlock closer, wrapping his arms around the narrow waist and rubbed his nose against the pale skin of the stomach. After that it was easy to open his mouth and press kisses against the warmth, burrowing under the t-shirt, teasing and loving every moment of it. It was a place where Sherlock was rather sensitive, a surprise to both of them, and one John was more than happy to take advantage of, especially when rewarded by Sherlock’s chest-deep moan. He could feel Sherlock’s erection hardening by his chin, and he gave into the temptation to free it from its denim confines and ran his tongue lightly over the tip.
“Baker Street is currently the only property you currently know the exact location of.”
Mummy and Daddy were also abroad, enjoying a cruise in the Caribbean. The absence of all authority figures had made this the perfect time for experimentation and discovery, free from the eyes of those who would protest and stop him.
The hand on his arm startled him and he snapped his head round to find the doctor beside him, a warm expression on his face.
It was worth it just for the expression on Sherlock’s face. John knew he wasn’t the best actor in the world, but he could hold an innocent expression for a few seconds, long enough for Sherlock to frown and give him the once-over. Then the eyes narrowed and somehow he had a lithe, demanding Frenchman crawling onto his lap.
The high pitched whistle brought him back to the present. It was an old sound, one from his childhood. Familiar. Almost comforting, like the smell of honey and old books. A stove top kettle rather than an electric one then, almost quaint.
The rest was lost into his shoulder where the doctor buried his head, but it didn't matter, all that mattered was this; the movement, the build-up, the sensation. It was glorious. He could feel it, the end they were racing to. He didn't want it to end, but what an end it would be. So bright. So glorious. So-
For a moment the room felt emptier and quieter.
1) I’ve always wanted to write a story where John holds all the cards and Sherlock is the one playing catch up. I also wanted to write a story where John is unashamedly gay. So, here it is. There are also a whole host of my other favourite tropes and clichés in here as well, but you will have to wait and see to find out which ones.
Sherlock blinked owlishly for a moment, scanning the room for the obvious changes in time. Darkness had fallen outside, while inside new logs had been added to the fire, and Mendelssohn had been exchanged for Elgar.
The doctor looked down at the book, turning it over in his hand.
With his superior reflexes he could have easily avoided the fist, but he didn't. There was something cathartic about letting it land; the burst of pain as his head snapped round; the rush of energy as his fangs sprung out; the sudden heightening of all his senses as instinct took over to confront the immediate threat.
A shift of the bed and he cracked an eye open enough to watch Sherlock shed the dressing gown and carefully stretch out beside him. The black boxer briefs he still wore did little to hide the mutual want now pressed against his hip.
John closed his mouth with a click. For a moment he had no idea how to respond, then scrambling to his feet, he crossed the room and wrapped his arms around his partner, pulling him down into a tight hug.
“And yet he’s managed to get into your fucking kit bag, Sherlock.”
Low Road - alt. The road taken by the relatives of executed Jacobites, who travelled back to Scotland from London via the ordinary roads travelled by peasants and commoners.
John clenched his fist in reflex, because he knew that look. He fucking well knew it all too bloody well. He raised his chin. “There’s more, isn’t there? What the hell aren’t you telling me? What do you know?”
The sodding know-it-all.
“Watson didn’t panic.”
"For the moment."
He’d expected as much. So far they had pencilled in the definites, but Moselle and Montpellier both wanted Sherlock to play in their tournaments, and he and Sherlock still hadn’t decided upon China or Japan. Clara was also under the impression that if John wasn’t playing he should be available to continue with the interviews, presentations and appearances that had fallen by the wayside due to his return to tennis. She was quite adamant about it in fact. Adamant and forceful.
The doctor looked up as he came down the stairs. "Something the matter?"
The breath against his neck was warm, the hand against his cock cool in contrast to his overheated skin. Blindly he turned his face, seeking further connection, and then their lips were meeting again, gently, almost lazily, and everything felt so good, so right.
Hand stilling, the doctor held his gaze. "Okay?"
She swirled her glass. “Mhm, yes, he can be rather an idiot like that, but love makes fools of us all.”
"'To what consequence, exactly?' I was asked.
“I can’t take all the credit,” he said turning back to her.
"Because they're ridiculous?"  The doctor reached for the deck.
He did not expect the half smile of recognition with the cocked head of curiosity. Once again the doctor was surprising him.
This, at least, gained his attention, as I had counted that it would. As little as he might think of himself in such matters, I had come to know a little of the esteem he seemed to hold me in.
"And the cheap thrillers aren't?" Green three.
“I have this ex,” he said. “Mary. We were together for years. I said the words. I said them a lot. I said them so she believed them. I said them so even I believed them. Didn’t stop me from getting overly friendly with other women while on tour though.
they called it.
This was where it was going to happen, he realised as he stepped over the threshold. In this room, on that bed, that was where they were going to have full, penetrative sex.
None of this made sense.
“Alright. Good,” John said, breathing out, leaning back as he returned to looking straight ahead. “Just thought I’d check.” He tapped his fingers absently on his thigh.
The tins all had long best before dates because the cupboards had been stripped bare at least four years previous, before the doctor had moved to their area. All the tins that had been there before that had already been removed.
Sherlock pulled a face. “Please. Just watch his forehand. And he was barely there in that third set. No effort at all. He had quite clearly given up by then.”
The doctor looked sincere. He also looked tired, his skin pale. Like the castle ruin the day before, there was something sad and defeated about him, a slump to his shoulders that hadn't been there the day before.
"It was worth it though. Just to hear you laugh, see you smile."
"You can, uh, kiss me, if you like."
Ah, yeah Culloden. History wasn't his strong point, Scottish history even less so than English, but Culloden was one of those names that stood large in the general cultural collective consciousness, along with the likes of Hastings, Agincourt and Trafalgar.
Closing his eyes, he leant back under the shade of the umbrella and concentrated on breathing deeply. Even in the shade he could feel the heat swirling around, getting trapped by the high surrounding stands. The oohs and aahs from the crowds on the other stadium floated past and for a brief moment he wondered if Sherlock was watching him. Maybe. It depended on Sherlock’s own game preparation. Hopefully he’d at least have heard the latest score. Greg would have told him if nothing else.
“It’s not over yet,” Sherlock said, a half smile tilting up one side of his lips.
“No, my little black one,” Sherlock said with a tone akin to rolling his eyes.
"But so too went the jabs, the snide comments, the insults. 'Too curvy for you, Holmes? Prefer a flatter chest, Holmes?'. And on and on, and despite your efforts to hide they still seemed to know. And they were still right.
He almost fumbled as the information coalesced into one incredible fact.
Stockholm syndrome.
With all of that, it was a mystery how she had managed to fit in any tennis at all.
Sherlock was quite naturally winning, but the third set wasn’t quite over yet, at least statistically.
He was also vaguely familiar.
Hazing: initiation ceremonies, or pranks.
"Yes, yes there are," the doctor confirmed. "Which changed a few years ago. In
The television. The tennis. The tournament. Then Sherlock had asked him for something. His notebook.
“The players have been called to return to the court and start the third set. It’s Zhi Zhu who will be starting us off on serve. Let’s see if he can find that weakness in Watson’s game or if Watson’s solid style will continue to serve him well.”
"And this Sherlock?" the doctor said.
"Trust me."
Most significantly for this story, the soundtrack included several songs by Queen, including "Who Wants To Live Forever", which was written by Brian May for the film. It is hauntingly beautiful.
"I hate you," he said, as against orders, the smaller figure that had followed him approached and then stopped beside him.
The next day, the doctor was nowhere to be seen, the blankets he had used folded at the foot of the sofa. The note on the table said that he would be back soon. Beside it, innocent and unassuming lay the keys to the jeep, and the key for the upstairs room.
"We can go there if you like," the doctor offered, slowing as they neared the turning.
It was only due to centuries of hard learnt self-control that stopped me from creating a bigger scene than the one already in progress. I had also the character and temperament of the man before me to consider. A show of lost temper was not what the situation required.
He smiled, gave a wave, but didn’t offer any answers, just headed back to the main changing rooms and the showers. With time before his massage, he took advantage of the near empty steam room and allowed the heat to soak away some of the familiar aches that had become near constant companions to him.
“For the match,” John clarified, his lips tilting up into a smile. “I don’t plan on sharing you with the rest of the tour afterwards.”
He sat back in his seat again. "I'm guessing you've always heard it spoken of in a demeaning way, something demanded, something taken. And yes, it can be. A man can take their pleasure, demand it as their due, and leave it at that, but it can be so much more. When offered it can be a beautiful gift. When freely given it can shift the power from the receiver to the giver."
“Yes, thank you, Ann. You can probably hear the crowd around me, still worked up from the surprise result in the previous game, but surprise is sometimes what it’s all about at a tournament like this. That said, we haven’t had any surprises yet in this match, but we’re certainly not been lacking in entertainment.
Sherlock shifted meaningfully, and John found a strong arm suddenly looping across his chest, pushing him down onto his back into a familiar sleeping position.
Home Counties: the counties of England that surround London, generally referring to Berkshire, Buckinghamshire, Essex, Hertfordshire, Kent, Surrey, and Sussex, but can also include Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire, Hampshire and Oxfordshire due to their proximity to London and their connection to the London regional economy.
“Looks like Watson is starting to stamp his authority on this game.”
could do that.
Not perfect, but it didn't stop him from wanting it though. That was the thought that had buried itself deep within his mind and then somehow found the cracks to grow in. He had never thought he would ever find anyone he would actually enjoy spending time with and who enjoyed his company in return. A home, a partner, a shared life had never been his dream, not because he hadn’t ever wanted it, but because he had never thought it would be possible.
"Sherlock-"
The arms that held him spoke of care and of affection. If he could, he would stay like this forever.
“Yes. Shower. Go. Be thorough.” Sherlock propelled him towards the bathroom. “Clean everywhere.”
Why? What? Why?
Despite only having a basic knowledge of advanced mathematics, Sherlock could see the genius behind what he was seeing.
The doctor was not there.
They were all on the same theme. Even the new books the doctor had bought out of habit.
“Much better play there from Holmes.”
The doctor's lips twitched as if torn between remonstrating and laughing. "Overweight, certainly, from what I picked up," the doctor conceded. "But you make him sound obese."
you. Do you get the difference? I would never laugh
"'To the consequence that I may be forced to find another, for you, less palatable means of resolving the issue,' said I.
Sherlock rose to his feet. “Cost is irrelevant. You won’t be paying.”
That must have been when Harry had actually died. Sometime around the mid-1970s. Which meant that Harry had been dead longer than Sherlock had been alive for.
Board Game: Chess - because really, what is all this but an elaborate game of chess? Also, Harry was bloody good at chess, when he wasn’t distracted. As a consequence, John is bloody good at it as well, at least compared to a normal person. Don’t be fooled by the mention of Sherlock having taken John’s queen earlier in the game. At Uni I had a friend whose dad belonged to a chess club that toured Europe. My friend started to beat his dad by the age of 12. My friend’s favourite trick was luring opponents into false confidence – and a trap – by throwing away his queen early on.
The smile was again brilliant, and then the head ducked and there was heat and wet and so many sensations.
He was still a kidnapper though.
Naturally, Holmes had had the truth of it - of course he had. And oh how much he had wanted Sherlock. Wanted the warm body and the blood, oh the blood. The whole week had been an exercise in restraint. Of holding himself back from taking what had been right in front of his nose. It would have taken nothing to pin the boy down, to have taken everything he had craved, and after one kiss Sherlock would have craved it too, but he hadn’t because that wasn’t what he wanted, that wasn’t the person he chose to be.
But before that, as gone as he was though, John could only stop and stare, his palm moving to rest over the beautiful beating heart. Twenty years of not having faded beneath the strong beat. The grief, the pain, the fear, nothing compared to having this again.
He hesitated. He had not expected the doctor to still be awake. His vague plan had involved slipping down and slipping back up again while the doctor slept, or at least pretended to sleep, in order to avoid interaction. Now though, the music meant that neither of them could pretend that they hadn't known the other to be awake.
“Good change of direction there from Watson. He opened up the court and then closed down the point. It’s a tactic that has been working well for him today. But you’ve got to wonder how much longer that will go on for before Holmes closes that option down.”
On 23rd August, 1973, four people were taken hostage during a robbery at Kreditbanken at Norrmalmstorg, central Stockholm. The robbery and hostage crisis is best known as the origin of the term Stockholm syndrome - a condition that causes hostages to develop a psychological alliance with their captors as a survival strategy during captivity
what I said.”
Another brush of the fingers and then he could feel them scissoring, stretching the muscle further. It was uncomfortable but that somehow only made it feel better.
He was surprised to find that the concept was not as repugnant as it had once been. It helped, he supposed, that the doctor seemed to hold him in high esteem, both intellectually and physically. Indeed, he had hardly been lacking in his praise or appreciation around both.
“This is important to you, isn’t it?”
Holmes concluded the talk with a satisfied smile and a wave of his hand. I, myself, however, was in a state of astonishment, not only for that he had survived an encounter with my kind – his plan had been testament to his keen intellect and had perhaps gone some way to ensuring his continued existence, although it had hardly been fool proof had we had had sufficient need to eliminate him – but that once the threat had been removed, he had been left both alive and with his memories intact. I could see little reason why this had not been remedied in the interim years. It was not within our habit to leave at large those who could expose us. Unless there was good reason.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed. “Off,” he said after a slight pause.
"Mhm, what makes you say that?"
He shook his head in frustration.
Sherlock had never had a friend, a proper friend, but he imagined that this was what it might be like.
"Worst thing about him?"
"Single bullet. Head, obviously. Would need to make sure first time. No room for mistakes."
Oh. Right. Well, that was certainly informative and the blood John could suddenly feel rushing in a downward direction certainly made a specific part of his anatomy twitch in anticipation.
"If you would like," he heard the doctor say after a small pause. "If that is what you would like."
"They like funny names," he said after a moment. "My parents. We were originally the cadet line of the family. Grandfather inherited in the 40s after the last surviving male of the main line died. His," he tapped the book, "nephew by an older brother I'm led to believe. Grandfather hadn't been born expecting to inherit, but the man's only son died in the Great War. No issue."
The fresh air and extensive exercise making him more fatigued that usual, Sherlock excused himself for bed earlier than he normally would.
“Always,” John said, tightening his arms around his lover before adding, “doesn’t mean you’re not a git though.”
He was alright. More sleep was unlikely though, at least not right now, not with the amount of adrenaline currently coursing through his body. That was something he knew all too well from experience. This was hardly the first time he had woken up feeling like this. Nor was it the first time he had dreamt about fire. Gone, though, were the days when he would seek out his brother. Now he had replaced the familial with his books, or experiments, or, on the odd occasion, cocaine.
"Since it's your birthday," the bastard was saying, "you get to choose what we do. We can switch and you can penetrate me or-"
, but I'm not making fun
Come on, Watson! He was going to win this.
Good? It was like the best high of his life.
Just promise me we will be alright.
Fucking.
“Sure, it does. And that’s the difference between a good player and a great player. What do you do when you’re in that situation? How do you react when you find yourself under pressure? Do you dig deep and pull something out of the hat? Or do you start doubting yourself, your performance, your tactics? Do you panic?”
He switched off the tap.
“One hour twelve, actually,” Sherlock said before producing a tube of lube from under one of the cushions. “And it was more of a stroll.”
“Not an easy shot that Watson pulled off there, that slice, but he did it.”
He pushed onwards.
The last part was added with a flicker of a smile, but even without deductive reasoning it would have been clear that the doctor only spoke partly in jest. While Sherlock’s historical knowledge was rudimentary at best, even he knew of the tensions between the two nations. Words such as Jacobite and Culloden sprung to mind, although precious little came with them. For an inexplicable reason this brought a sense of guilt, although he was unsure why he should feel guilty.
