“Something to talk about.” Sherlock said it firmly.
“Yes.  Boyfriends should know that about each other,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock's legs spread, he tilted his pelvis into just the right position and John gasped again and fumbled them together, then sank in to wonderland.
Sherlock was rather startled when John interrupted their kissing and insisted on a shower first, but when John persisted Sherlock proposed they do it together, John took one look at the size of the space and promptly nixed that.  Sherlock showered first and was waiting for him in the bed as John came from the shower, and said, as John sat on the edge, “I think we should try fucking.”
And John said, “Three bedrooms?”
“We have survived a terrible battle in which both sides were our own people.  A third of our warriors did not get treatment fast enough to avoid disability, and too many died.  We will have to train up an new generation.”
“Mycroft probably knows.  But you've never asked him,” John guessed. “Or asked your parents,” he went on.  “You would have had to have an actual discussion.”
“Ah.  Well.   My name is Sherlock Holmes and I am a consulting detective.  I assist the police and have a private practice.  Today I am going to speak to you about how see, how to observe, how to use what you see.  Pay attention!”  He had noticed Nurse Demnan in the last row, on his phone as usual.
“Of course you do.  Why?”
“We're going to need more condoms,” Sherlock observed.
The man nodded.  “Exactly.  Why me?  Why not the handsome silver-haired contender you mentioned before.”
The beautiful man blinked and focused a little more on John's face, saying, “That's not what people usually say.”
The thing was, they did.  He was riveting.  He strode back and forth, he asked questions and didn't wait for the answer.  His head would toss, his hand wave, and they focused on him.  He seldom bothered to make eye contact but when he did the person leaned forward.  It was almost steam of consciousness, a jerky pinball effect as he contradicted himself or went back to add something.
Cora was already shaking her head.  “The motorcycle club medic is in France at a charity run.”
“Hey?”
“Like you use on your hair?  I don't know if they still do, but certain brands apparently are better than others.  Color, you know, and viscosity.” He's learned that in late night bull session in the Army.  His memory of it was a little blurry.  No surprise considering how much alcohol had been involved.
“Not going to make the same mistakes our parents made?” John asked wryly.
Well, yes, John thought with embarrassment.  But before he could marshal some of the scrambled  thoughts in his head to say so, Sherlock went on, “Perhaps I deleted that information.  I do that sometimes when I come across data that is absolutely no use to me.”
“How do you know that?” John asked, leaning back in his amazement.  The annoying man didn't answer, only studied John with those oddly compelling eyes before continuing.
John followed Mycroft to the door and politely saw him out.
“Embarrassing, then.”  The man gave a nod and studied John, his eyes flicking from his face to his chest, then to his shoes.  Or something down in that direction.  John felt his face turn a bit red.
Sherlock said, “Why let a resource go to waste?  I doubt if they'll be as useful as my homeless network, but perhaps, in time, something will come of it.”  He took a deep breath and looked at John hopefully.  “Was it okay?”  He leaned forward into John's space and lowered his head so that he was speaking directly into John's ear.  One hand had settled on John's hip.
“That was the idea, yes.”
“No you did not.  Not ever!” John realized he was shouting and half out of his chair and threw himself backward, hard.  Just like his dad, he was.  Shouting.
“It is not new blood!  We are searching for the lost!  For those of Wakanda blood who have gone out into the world.”
“Will it take long?  I have some slides I could....” Sherlock was sitting up, eyes on the doorway.
“I have. But sometimes it comes out wrong.”  he added.
The man nodded.  “Molly wished you to go to a gay bar, and kiss the man she selected as most attractive.  She wanted to see you kiss a man then.  Your Molly has hidden depths.”
“Come on Captain.  You invaded Afghanistan. Surely it can't be more daunting than that?”
Sherlock said,  “Right.  Back to bed.”  Really, it was surprising how fast Sherlock could move.  He flung the dressing gown at the chair and was in bed before John even got into the room.
“We can repeat the experiment,” Sherlock agreed with a grin.
“Cousins.” Sherlock said thoughtfully.  “They have to be better than the others we have.”
An hour later he woke up to find he'd been cleaned off a little but left half sprawled across a tangle of bedclothes.  His neck ached because he'd been pillow-less.  His shoulders weren't too happy with him, either.  He staggered up and took another much needed shower and then dressed and wandered out to the kitchen.  Sherlock had actually made tea.
“Why?  Mrs. Hudson has already seen it.”
“Oh, bloody hell,” John said as he caught up.
“You lost a bet.”  Taking small sip from his own glass, the tall, dark man stared his new neighbor.  It was like being under a microscope.
John frowned.  “A case?” he repeated, dubiously.
“Of course I did, John.  That's what good boyfriends do.” He punctuated the statement with a nod, but was looking out from under one curl uncertainly.  He looked adorable.
John made the sort of sound he made when he had an opinion but did not want to express it out loud. Then he drank some of his tea.  “I see something,” he eventually said.
“A bit cramped.  Three bedrooms.”  John thought about it for a moment.  “Too late to make changes?”
“Right.  None of that matters.  What matters is that it's just gone nine and at eleven we need to produce someone who can talk 45 minutes about anything at all that could be considered Community Connections!  What?”
“Well, Not nicely enough, Johnny Boy.  You shouldn't have done it in the lounge.”
Mycroft sighed.  “I have been told I need to take a 'mental health break.'  I will use the time to look into this matter in depth.”
“He was working a case,” he decided.  He looked towards the lounge, where a packet of crisps could be purchased from the machine in the corner.  Lunch.  Sarah said something else and she left.  Cora said something too, but John was caught up in a thought.  He stood there, shaking his head but grinning like a loon.
“To your daughter as well.”
“This will be discussed, of course.”
A wintry small smile settled on Mycroft's face as he realized what John was thinking, but his attention stayed on Sherlock.
God, that voice.  It rumbled into his blood.  John flushed.  “Uh, right.” Leftover from his service. They'd suggested silk for all underwear, including pants.  Ballistic boxers, they called them.  The things worked.   More than one soldier had been spared devastating damage because of the protection the special heavy silk offered.  His own hands settled on Sherlock's chest.  “Silk?” he asked in turn.
“What?” John said, his brow wrinkling, his eyes wide.
“Quite.”  Mycroft took a deep breath.  “I have agents at work even now tracing these cousins and gathering data.  When the information is at hand, either you or I should go in person to explain and arrange for the transfer of the funds.  As you are overseeing the rebuilding of 221 Baker Street and,” Mycroft glanced at John, “have other responsibilities, I will go.   I will find it difficult to get away, but I also find myself in need of a...vacation.”
“What I found may be unrelated to the recent unfortunate business.  As you know, Uncle Rudy,” Mycroft began, “mother's older brother, told our parents that Eurus...had died.  It may have been to save their feelings, as he stated to me at the time, but another possibility exists.  It seems...it seems that Uncle Rudy, after his schooling, traveled around the world for most of a decade.  An account of his travels would make, shall we say, vivid reading?  Unexpectedly, he found love, married, settled down, but was forced home when grandfather died to deal with some of the more delicate funeral arrangements.”
John whimpered and sent his tongue out.  The other man did not seem to know what to do with his own        tongue, pushing it tentatively against John's.  As clumsy and awkward as it was, the touch of tongue still lit a few more fires in John's gut.  Twisting, John slid off the bar stool, and as his arm had wound around the other, the man came forward off his own stool so that they now stood, arms wrapped around each other, still kissing.
“Is that economically viable?”
“What do people usually say?” John asked, lifting his glass to his lips.
“Like moving in?  You should, John.  Your place is small and you don't like it anyway.  There's a room upstairs here, if you wanted a space of your own.  You'd probably need it,” he added darkly.  “I get on people's nerves.  They've told me so,” he explained.  “So you might need space.”
So he reached for the lube and used it with hands that trembled.  It was torture to see that expressive face contort at every touch, push, finger.  So smooth inside.  He'd never slid a finger inside anyone when the finger wasn't in latex.  Oh, so very slick and smooth, and clutching at him.   He rather got involved with the sensation, which changed again when he eased a second finger inside.  Well, what changed were the sounds Sherlock was making.  When he thought he'd managed to make Sherlock loose and ready, he stopped to put on the condom, watched by eyes so intense, an expression so fervid that John gasped a bit as he moved into position.  Sherlock made a short sound  himself and belatedly, John grabbed the spare pillow and eased it under those slim hips.  He wasn't, he decided, doing a good job of thinking clearly.  Thinking at all, actually.
Sherlock snorted.
“For when you and Rosie are...visit.”
Sherlock made a gesture towards John which said stay here and a wave towards Mycroft which prossibly meant, get on with it.  John waited.  Mycroft seemed to know what his brother intended and went on as if permission had been granted.  It probably had.
“The number is not great enough to cause us problems, even if every one of them returned.” This quiet voice of reason was from a wise old woman.  Why weren't they listening?
“Which is not to say that I haven't, upon occasion, wondered what it would be like,” the man admitted, with a look from the side of his eyes.  He was pursing his lips just a little.  John found himself staring at those lips.
“An Experiment I've successfully duplicated several times now,” Sherlock pointed out proudly.
John frowned and slowly said, “You and I don't talk about...things.”
“If we add in their spouses, children and the spouses parents, brothers, sisters.  The number may be over a thousand!” Makanta dropped his voice when she glared at him.
Taba said, “We have identified one hundred and nineteen individuals who have left because of disagreements with family, including twenty-two women and one man who left to avoid being pressured into unwanted marriage.”
“John?” he asked, frowning.
“No,” Well, maybe later, John mentally amended.  “It's just that...” he paused, trying to think of exactly how to say this.
No, it was something even more complicated.  “If either one of us says stop, we stop,” John said.  He had condoms in his wallet.  Well.  One.  Would it come to that?  He wasn't ready for that, he told himself, while his back-brain held a crystal clear image of naked-kneeling&arse that told him he might not be ready for it, but he was definitely getting turned on thinking about it.
“Oh.  No.  Women.  Not my area.”
“I help the police,” Sherlock said.  “I'm a consulting detective,” he added proudly.  “The only one.”
“Hello, Sher...how do you do that?    Never mind.  Tell me later.  I have a bit of a problem I hope you can help me with.  No, no one's dead.  No murder involved at all, sorry.  It's just, I need to come up with a speaker right away.  Yes, here at the clinic. I haven't even told you where I work but... Oh.  Yes, that's it. Yes, but.  Okay, the subject has to be some sort of connection with the medical field and a community resource or...no.  I don't think there's enough time to pull your friend away from her work. Although that's a good idea for the next time they stick us with this shite, which they will.”
Molly's sparkling eyes looked as big as golf balls in her small face as she looked from John to Sherlock.  Her hand went to her mouth.
“You think it will affect how I think of..our parents?” Sherlock suggested.  “No,” he said, staring at his brother intently.  “Mother.  You think there's something wrong and it involves Mummy,” Sherlock deduced.  “What is it?” he demanded.
John shook his head.  “Why?  She couldn't know Rudy had lied about her own child, so it wasn't revenge....”
Fireworks hell, that was an atom bomb.  An explosion of feeling and heat and taste and John lunged forward for more even as he felt an arm around his shoulders pulling him closer and his mouth was open now, pressing into and then devouring the responsive, gasping mouth opening under his onslaught.
That actually made a lot of sense.  Wait.  No it didn't.  The talking part, okay but...his flat? John stumbled to a halt in front of the table.  Evan was laughing at him and snickered as he said, “Watson! You're kidding me?”  Ted was looking the other way, watching a handcuffed man be put up against the wall by a dark-haired woman who looked pleased to do it.  Aaron was eying Sherlock with intense speculation and something else.  Lust?  John found himself stepping between them as the man moved forward.
“Doesn't that,” Sherlock gestured grandly towards the bedroom, “make us Boyfriends?”
No doubt about that.  John opened his mouth to say something but Sherlock was speaking again.  “I tried to watch porn several times.  To learn about intercourse and the associated skills.  It never looked...all that moaning and heaving about.”
“She thought he looked married.  I don't know why.  He doesn't wear a ring.”
Mycroft sat down, carefully moving a mysteriously shaped toy from the vicinity of his foot.  Then he made a throat-clearing sound and...stopped.
But he did not get a chance to study it for long.  His arms were full of consulting detective and he was  becoming reacquainted with the warm depths of a man's mouth.  Man's mouth.  It set him on fire again, but even as he was pressing into the kiss he was wondering what he was doing, why he was doing it. Was it the risk?  The challenge?  An excuse to go where he'd never had the guts to go before?  Did he really want to do this?
“Perhaps it should be on a case by case basis.  Let them present a document about their connection to Wakanda.  If they are seeking justice, let them explain.  Perhaps, to become Wakandan, they must give up a disputed inheritance, a feud.  Perhaps we will ask them to renounce their current citizenship, but what happens then if it does not work out and they must go back?  Not all of these will be good people.  Do we keep good and bad? Is their presence dependent upon their behavior?”
“Including the secret drawers under the desk?” Sherlock asked.
John Watson smiled up at Sherlock and  said, “You did great.  Really came through for me.”
“My apologies.  Too much to do,” Mycroft sighed.  “I'll give you an update if anything of note occurs before I leave.”
“Sherlock...”
John shook his head.  Mycroft?  Sherlock had once said that Mycroft's problem was that he did not even take time off to even visit the toilet.  He probably not had a proper holiday in years.  Typical that it would be a working vacation.
Sherlock wrinkled his brow.  “Expectations?” he said.  “We came here to have sex,” he explained to John.  He frowned.  “Didn't we?”
His new friend grinned suddenly, a flash of white teeth which animated his face and left John blinking in surprise.  It made that long face look so very different!  Less beautiful, but more...something.  “Your friend Molly had the final say?  On which man you would approach?”
“What about the bat?” John asked.
He'd had women this way, a few times.  It had never been like this. It was easier.  Sherlock was larger, inside and  out, maybe that was it.  More intense.  More physical because Sherlock's long arms took hold of John's arse and pulled him in tight and he was making the most amazing noises and demands.  Really, it was all over entirely too quickly.
To his surprise, however, John found he wasn't intimidated by that, or resentful, or anything but intrigued.  He took a deep breath.  “Okay?”
“Yes, do keep up.”  John nodded, but again was caught while thinking of the right thing to say and  Sherlock continued his bit of a rant.  “And the ejaculate!  Perhaps there is more variation than I thought, but some of the substitutes filmed were entirely unnatural.”
“Yes.  Yes it does,” John whispered, and let his hands roam down and under the clinging fabric again.  The silk was nice, but this skin was even better.  Acres of it, covering long firm muscle.  The roughness of hair.  The edge of a hard nipple.  Sherlock didn't have as much hair on his chest as John had on his.  Would he be put off by John's?
“The easier job of the two?” John asked blandly.  He got identical looks of annoyance from both Holmes.  That made him grin.  “Keep in touch,” John ordered.  He was rather surprised when Mycroft nodded his agreement as he stood up.  Then John frowned, “Not staying for tea?
John sighed and began to pull away.  To his utter surprise, Sherlock didn't let him, but held on another few seconds.  When he did loosen his arms, he only pulled away a tiny bit, angled his head, and softly put his lips on John's.  It was almost not a kiss.  When John's lips parted in surprise he didn't lean forward into it, didn't make the kiss more.  He only rested there a fraction of a second and pulled away.
Sherlock stopped and eyed him.  “Not good?”
“I'll call you!” John managed to say before they were out of earshot.  “Wait.  How did you know Molly's last name?”
“True.  You want us to go get these things?  Together?”
Dr. John Watson slid his phone into his pocket and sat, staring into the distance for long enough for even Sherlock to notice.
They did that for much longer than John had expected, considering how eager Sherlock had seemed to be about moving forward a few minutes ago.  But he realized eventually that, each kiss was different in some way than the one before it and the Kissing Experiment was still on-going.
Sherlock usually slept on the sofa, and was, in fact, not yet up for the day.  It was clear he was not going to make an effort to rise just to deal with his brother.
“We'll make new ones.  Thousands.”
“Why would we do that?” A wrinkle appeared above the perfect brow.
“Good.”
He had a Boyfriend.  Damn.
He spoke his full 45 minutes and might have gone on longer if John hadn't stood up to indicate the time was up.  Not only was the time up, but his bum was giving him a twinge or two, so it seemed like a good idea all around.  The group would have stayed to ask questions if it weren't lunch time—a precious commodity which was often cut short if one did not take care.
“Would you believe me if I said his mind?”
“No, I was thinking about the sex part,” John told him.
“Got him, Sherlock!  Your distraction was great but...uh....”  He was now staring hard at the dark-haired man, his expression half puzzlement, half amusement.
Sherlock looked down at himself and said. “Oh, right.”  John watched that lovely pale arse until it disappeared, then collapsed back against the sheet with a groan.  His body reported that the sheet was unusually nice against his skin.  Huh.  Thread count, he remembered.  An ex girlfriend had told him all about it once, but damned if he could remember any of the details.  Sherlock wasn't the only one whose brain abandoned useless information.  His version of useless was probably different from John's, of course.
“Yes, of course.  I like to know these things,” he added as John let his head fall down onto the pillow again.
“Sherlock,” the man began again, but Sherlock...what sort of a name was Sherlock?...turned to him impatiently.
Red.  John felt the red creep up his neck and start to burn on his cheeks.  He was extremely thankful  when Sarah came up and said, “Wonderful presentation, you two.  Where did you find that speaker?”
“I didn't know anyone else could hear!”  Cora rolled her eyes.  Well, yes, it had been stupid of him.
“Well.  Yes.  I suppose one does wonder,” John stammered.  For some reason he was thinking of an officer he knew in Afghanistan, and some fleeting fantasies he had relentlessly pushed away at the time.
Sherlock returned, dropped a cloth on his stomach that was not wrung out or particularly warm.  John's hand clutched it to him so that it would not slide off onto the sheet, and once again watched the tall lanky man with the amazing arse walk out of the room.
“Yes.  As well as the other secret files in the hidden cabinet below the closet.  Which both you and I managed to leave undiscovered during childhood.  It took modern surveillance equipment to find it,” he added, when Sherlock looked rather outraged at the thought that he had Missed Something.
“That someone deliberately dumped us in the shit?  Yes.  And you know who my first suspect is, too.”
“Total friggin' mess?” John supplied helpfully.
“Yes.  Yes it did,” John managed to say, rolling off and onto his back. He tried to pull the condom off but his fingers weren't cooperating yet.
Sherlock frowned.  “Really?”
The man tasted like fine wine and he smelled like a forest in autumn.  The scent of make-up and perfume and lipstick that signaled a date to John was entirely missing.  John's mouth slid off center as the other man shifted his head.  It had been hours since a razor had slid against that long jaw and John  wondered how his own skin felt against those incredible lips.  Strong lips that bit at his mouth before zeroing in again.
African Sunrise, Part 1
It was probably two minutes later that a hand fell on his shoulder and gave enough of a pull to break the suction between them.  John looked up to tell whomever it was to piss off,  It was the silver-haired man from the corner, number two on Molly's best looking list.  Right now he looked amused, impatient and exultant.
Sherlock was tall,  but not really a big man, and John knew oh so well that he himself was not physically a big man himself   But there was a difference of scale; none of his girlfriends had been ever been anywhere near six feet tall.  It wasn't that he didn't seek out tall women, it was that they didn't usually show much interest in him.
John knew he would have been the innocent victim wearing the drink, and the glass was almost full.  He had deliberately seated himself in the spot right beside this madman, so it was probably his own fault.  Given the choice between a drenching and a kiss, he was voting for the kiss.  Which made his stomach roll a bit.   “Urm.  Probably,” he said, a bit belatedly.  It looked as if he were actually going to kiss this man.  He slid a glance towards the table where Molly held court, noting that everyone's attention was still firmly planted on him.  He swallowed, hard, and cut his eyes back to the man who was now staring at him with keen speculation.
“Felt you deserved it?”  John suggested.
“No reason to be worried about your money, John.  You don't have much here,” he commented.  John rolled his eyes.  Mr. Tact.  But strangely enough, he wasn't at all worried about Sherlock taking his cash.   Sherlock pulled out the condom and dropped the wallet on the floor.  He inspected the packet carefully and placed it on the bedside table.
“Exactly!” Sherlock was saying as the cab was slowing down.  Sherlock was ready with the notes when it stopped.  John wasn't to know until much later how amazing that was. It was a good address and far from John's own bedsit in more ways than one.  Sherlock hurried them through the door, up the stairs and into a nice flat.
Mycroft sighed.  “Quite.  He maintained two families, each in ignorance of the other, each apparently of equally long standing.  We were just grateful that there were no children from the...other family, although grandfather was supporting the three children from that wife's first marriage, so there were dependents  involved and two wills to investigate.  It took quite some time to sort out.”  Mycroft took a deep breath and continued, “During this time, a notice came which said that Uncle Rudy's wife and two children had died.  In a fire.  This news left him...damaged.  Devastated, in fact.  And when Eurus began to...when she used fire to destroy people...it may have contributed to his...choices.   At any rate, after dealing with...everything, Uncle Rudy drank himself to death in remarkably short order.”
Finally, tentatively, Sherlock said, “Mrs. Hudson and I made some changes during the repairs.  221.”
“Oh.  So the St. Bart's part wasn't a guess?”  They were out the door now, pausing while Sherlock raised his hand.  Instantly, a cab slid to a stop before them.  Sherlock held the door and gestured John to get inside, while calling out an address to the cabbie.  John managed to get his jaw up off the pavement before he climbed in.  That was fast!
Sherlock looked worried.  “But you do want to...to...”  His brow wrinkled as he tried to find the right words.
she actually wanted to know.  She gave me a look.  And don't worry about Mrs. Turner's renters.  One of them's a screamer.  Nothing new to them there.”
“Thanks.  I...”  But there was nothing to say and the moment was too much and he dashed out the door and down the steps.
“Dinner?  I know a very good Italian restaurant.”
John paused, blinked and said, “Ummm.”
“They used to use hair conditioner.”
In an all male environment such as the army, size was a large piece in the big game.  Something teased about, lied about, bragged about. Used to project a masculine image and manipulate others.  John had played the game to such affect that he garnered a reputation. Three Continents Watson.  Although, in his experience, what they said was true.  It wasn't just the size, it was what you did with it, and his reputation was hard-earned and deserved.  But John knew the hand he had been dealt in this game was modest. Perhaps a bit beyond average size.   It made sense that if Sherlock was a larger man, he could be expected to be larger everywhere.
John's eyes went wide.  Rather blunt, that, but was learning that blunt was one of Sherlock's usual modes.  “Well,” John said quite slowly, “Are we ready for that?” And by 'we' he meant himself.
“Sherlock?” John asked, from the doorway.
John reflected on what Sherlock might term ghastly.  “Small minded, mocking, ignorant, bullies?” he speculated.
“The whole Eurus mess?” John interjected, turning to look over his shoulder.
That's why John usually went home with someone, true.  But he wasn't comfortable with jumping from a few kisses into bed.  Not under these circumstances.  “You said the kiss was an experiment,” John said. “Quite a leap to sex, really.”
No one objected, although there were side glances and a few quiet asides.  “I will set out for you the case of  a woman, Otasti, whose family wished her to marry their very esteemed neighbor, a widower older than she.  She said no, firmly.  Her family accepted this, but the suitor did not, and one evening, decided to solve the problem another way.  His argument was that, if she was carrying his child, there was no reason not to marry.  He attacked her.  She did not speak out to get justice because of threats he made in regards to her younger sister and younger brother.  She told her sister the situation, then she ran away during that same night.  She started a new life, married. Now she is dead, but her two children yet live.  Do they even know of their mother's country?  Suppose they return to Wakanda.
“Another man kept looking over the shoulder of his partner, in mid coitus.  I'm quite sure he wanted one of the people observing or filming, and not the man actually having sex with him.”
“Precisely.”
“John!  There's a case!”
Sherlock lifted an eyebrow in his direction.
John had seen the inside to Sherlock's fridge, and it held experiments and little else.  “I'm not quite in shape to go out to eat.  Yesterday's clothing and all.  But I could probably manage the shops.”
“You must have some information already,” Sherlock said thoughtfully.
“The police need your help?” he asked, dubiously.
“We'll be fine,” Sherlock said, although he looked a little pale at the thought of having full responsibility for Rosie.  For Mrs. Hudson, as well.  He stood up and went to his room, returning with a small suitcase.  At John's inquiring look he set it down on the kitchen table, Flipped the latches and opened it.  It was full of packets of face masks, alcohol wipes, and rubber gloves.
“I did it nicely!”
Sherlock was climbing back into bed, leaned over to open the drawer in the bedside table, and fetched out a tube lubricant, a well-known brand, mostly unused, which he dropped on the bed. Then he arranged himself supine, but supported by his elbows in order to see John, as he sent a 'what's keeping you' look.
“Oh.  I work at a clinic, actually, not Bart's like the rest of the group.  Mike's an old friend.  We'd plans to go out for a drink after his shift, and it just,” got out of hand, he wanted to say.  Snowballed into this group activity.  He still wasn't exactly sure how, in fact.
“We're going to my flat. I've deduced you would not leave without a word with your friends.  Say good-bye, but don't linger.  We need to talk.”
“Oh.  I found a mummified bat up a chimney, on a case last year.”
“I've found nothing deleterious or objectionable, if that's what you mean.”
He rang off and looked up.  “Well, we've got a consulting detective trained as a chemist coming but what he'll be telling us I couldn't say.”
John Watson dragged in to work Monday morning almost ten minutes late.  The receptionist gave him a dirty look.  So did the first nurse he passed.  He rather suspected that in addition to shadows under his eyes and his tired walk, that he hadn't done a good job shaving.  He'd made it home just after dawn, had realized his intention to do laundry on Sunday had gone completely by the wayside and  had pulled on his one clean shirt which really didn't say, “I am a professional.”  It said, “I should have been thrown away in 1996.”  Not that it was that old.
Sherlock opened one eye.  “Go away, do.”
“Home is not the right word.  Will they want to come to a foreign country?” Mycroft's scorn was touched with bitterness.   “To be faced with  Mummy's tender regard and Father's confusion?”
“How many generations do you intend to go back?  Who has a right to Wakandan citizenship?  What blood ties will suffice?”
“Nor the pretty man by the door?” he persisted.
“She's still wearing her name tag.”
“Piss off.”
John listened for a moment, “I don't think that would help the community.  Yes, I know.  That, too.  No, I wouldn't go that far.  Could you?  No, core cadaver temperatures and decomposition rates really aren't of general interest.  Not exactly what we're looking for.   Look, I was thinking maybe your could talk a few minutes about, I don't know, advice for medical personnel at a crime scene or preserving the scene while taking care of a patient or...”
“You should get the condom now and inspect it. “  Sherlock pulled away, scrambled out of bed and went to where John's trousers were hung on the back of the chair.  He extracted the wallet and opened it on his way back to the bed.  “They can deteriorate, you know.”
“Perhaps,” John said, “we should find out, urm.  Well. Talk about. Expectations.”
“You told her you didn't think it was ethical to date anyone at the clinic.  Which would have worked better if you hadn't had that date with Sarah the week before.”  Sarah was the head of their clinic.
“Out of what?”
Mary stomped off.  Cora put her hands on her hips.
John squared his shoulders, but hesitated.
“No.  I may be having some very awkward conversations with my parents.”  Sherlock looked both annoyed and revolted at the thought.  “If they'll say anything at all.”
“Fine. To-mor-row,” Sherlock enunciated, his hand already coming out to grab John's.  “Come on, John.”
“I'm starving.  I do a pasta sauce that's not too bad.  That okay with you?”
It was a hectic morning.  Never quite caught up from the delays at the start.  So he wasn't able to meet Sherlock at the door as he had hoped.  John arrived at the conference room two minutes after eleven to find Sherlock chatting with Cora.  Twenty three of his colleague and co-workers were sat in three rows in front of a short lectern with a microphone angling up from it. When John arrived Sherlock stood taller and smiled at him before he strode up to to the lectern, casually tossed his coat on it and turned to look them over.  “Most people are idiots.  If I'm really in luck, you'll prove to be exceptions.”  John slid into his chair, face in his palm.
No one mentioned Eurus, or the physical and metal fragility of her brothers at the moment, or the problems of culture, race, and possibly language.
Sherlock nodded.  “We could get eggs.  Do you know how to cook eggs?”
“This plan serves several purposes," the elder representing the Border tribe stated.  As he had now said it for the third time, the statement was not moving her agenda forward.
“I know it's fine.  It's just...sudden.”
“I still don't think we're quite there yet. Boyfriends, I mean. It hasn't even been 24 hours, Sherlock!”
“It was just lunch, not a date!”  It had been enough to tell them both that dating wouldn't have been a good idea.
“Not really, no.”
“Because you have this driving need to know, and the only answer to this puzzle will have to come through actual communication.  Talking with your parents is, as far as I can tell, something you've always avoided.” John took another sip of the less than satisfactory tea.
Sherlock closed the door and went to the window.  There was a black car idling at the curb.  A few minutes later he watched John come out of the front door, pause at the sight of the car, and then nod and head towards it.  The driver took his bags as John vanished into the back seat.  He watched the car,  hand on the window, until it was out of sight.
Sherlock fell over the edge first, convulsing and clawing at his back and making a terrible mess and John pulled back to watch because he so needed to see.  Sherlock's last shudder wasn't even over before he was opening his eyes and he said to John, “Use the condom.”
“No.  Well, actually, yes.  It must be the size of a planet.  And speaking of big things, how is he in the sack?”
“Later,” John said, and more or less passed out.
“It's what a good boyfriend would do,” Sherlock said, quite pleased with himself.
“Very,”  John agreed, and then glanced towards the table he had come from.  Four sets of eyes were regarding him intently.  Molly gave him a thumbs up gesture and a shy smile.  Oh, god.   “I'm John,” he added, leaning forward just a little more.
It was staggeringly different.  Robbed of the confidence which experience had given him, it was like being a teenager again, the uncertainty combined with scrabbling need.  The wanting combined with fear.   An absolutely huge hand was  pulling at his shirt and then sliding up under the fabric, hot on his skin. His own hands were doing the same, seeking out skin to touch.  So much wonderful hot skin.
“Mycroft....” John's head was tilted and his mind was, for once, possibly ahead of Sherlock's.  “Are you going to bring them home?”
“It..well, it depends.  You've heard of one-night stands?  Just sex doesn't make boyfriends, Sherlock.  There's...well, some getting to know each other first and some mutual, ah, decisions.”
“Every time.  I did...deserve it.”
John frowned.  “Who is this Anderson you're muttering about?  No, tell me later.  What?  Oh, that sounds good.   Yes...how did you know that?  I can't tell you how grateful I am that you'll come.  Okay, yes, probably...when I get off work, okay?  I'll have to go to my flat, have a few errands.  No.  No!  Oh, for Chr....  Yes, see you then.”
Mycroft gave a wave of his hand.  “Not precisely disaster this time.  Just...more layers.”
He was pulled into an embrace which left his head against the man's shoulder and his lips an inch from that tall column of neck.  He couldn't help it.  His tongue came out and tasted.
Probably every time you get distracted by an experiment, John thought.  So he got up and they sorted out clothing off the floor and they went off to the shops.  Sherlock let John push the trolley and let him select what he wanted.  Let him pay, too, but that seemed fair to John.  Back at the flat John cooked sausages and eggs and made toast--after he shook the odd colored crumbs out of the toaster—and while they ate Sherlock told him about cases he had solved and criminals he had known.
As the fine trousers pooled down to join his on the floor, a wash of scent went flooding into John's nose and he breathed it in, letting it go deep inside, feeling a shivery response in his gut.  Neither of them was more than half hard.  John could tell even though he was carefully not staring at the stretch of fabric over the  crotch of the other man.  He was carefully not staring but he already knew that Sherlock was bigger in that area than John.
“Christmas and a week each summer when I was a young boy.  It all stopped when I was twelve. No explanation forthcoming, of course.”
At the door they stood awkwardly.  John had to go, they both knew that.  His integrity as a doctor, his oath, what drove him to be a doctor in the first place insured he had put himself on the list at the first hint of pandemic.  Even if there had been some sort of lockdown, he would have found some way to go where he was needed.
That brought Sherlock's eye open again.  He looked carefully at his brother, and then swung himself up to a seated position, his hand rubbing the sleep out of his eyes.  “What is it now?” he asked with a tight voice.
“Not really.  She's been my landlady for several years.”
I fucked a man, John's brain was saying.  Oh my god....
“You don't have to be to work in the morning,” Sherlock told him when he said he should be getting home.  “You're exhausted,” he added.  “Just stay here.”
“Well.  Good.  Lot's of talking.”
“Always.”  Sherlock sighed.   Then he added.  “It might explain Uncle Rudy's reputation for cross-dressing.”
“We'd bet on the time it would take a...uh, colleague,  before he would do a certain incredibly stupid thing we had all seen him do once already. I had my guess down at five minutes, Mike ten, Evan fifteen, you know, everyone had a time, and Molly had 'anything over an hour.'  And she was right.”  A nod encouraged him to go on, so he added, “Before we started, Molly wrote down on slips of paper what the penalties would be for each of us if she was right.  Buy a round, bring pastries in the morning, things like that.  The person who was most wrong had to take everyone to the nearest gay bar and kiss the best looking man there.”
“You could tell that?”
Fireworks!
“That went well,”  Sherlock said with pride.
“Mycroft?  Holding something back?” John asked, making a face.
“I do, but don't you?”
“I certainly thought so, but the calendar on the computer tells me it is today.  At eleven.”  She added dryly, “It's very mysterious, don't you think?”
“Do you think your father knew?” John asked, after the first sip.
“Why did she kick you out?” John asked as the cab moved forward into traffic.
The man shrugged, put down his drink and asked, “What was it?  The bet,” he added impatiently as John hesitated.  John concluded that the voice was as unique as the eyes.  Molly was right.  This was the best looking man in the room.  Or maybe London.
He withdrew from the closeness.
"Intimate?" she looked confused. "Well, no... I don't know. Like I said, I wasn't really paying attention, I was hungover."
"Sherlock," Greg replied, spotting the figure in the distance, trudging about in the uneven grass.
"I'm sorry for your...predicament, Sherlock. Sentiment is a dangerous disadvantage;" Mycroft frowns to himself, ignoring Sherlock's interruptions and denials. "The fact remains that you are young and available."
"Doctor Watson-" Sherlock fumbled, berating himself at the blush reaching his cheeks. "What did you do? If you've threatened him, I swear I will-"
"Sherlock-" John pleaded, his eyes trying to meet Sherlock's gaze, the one which was trained murderously on the other student in the room.
"Fine." he said abruptly, not turning around.
"I wouldn't call it a talent, moreover a lack of alternative options." Sherlock smiled to him anyway, entertaining John's childish notions of fun.
"You're going to ruin your nice trousers if you come in them," he frowned, his hand paused at the fastened button just in front of his own crotch.
John inhaled sharply. "I'm- no I'm fine, really- just- " He waved a hand in Sherlock's direction when he sensed him approaching.
Sherlock was dressed in a slim-fitting navy suit with thin lapels and a fresh white shirt with the collar open at the throat, exposing a freckle to the left of Sherlock's adam's apple, the one John was having a very hard time looking away from.
Greg turned, surprised at the raised voice which responded to him, "You know what, you're exactly what Sherlock always said you were." he spoke to the ground, shaking his head and turning away from Mycroft.
Sherlock settled back, then, and John had to stop himself from grasping the opportunity of turning this into some kind of interview to find out more about the enigma of Sherlock Holmes.
is what Sherlock had been hiding. And with one look back to Sherlock, he knew that he was right.
"I mean- I would lose my job, and...you would be in so much trouble, probably expelled, because of your reputation. And the things people would think about me, probably about you too, I just- I don't want to ruin any chance you've got at a successful and happy life."
"Fuck-- Sherlock...that- that counts as abuse! How...far did it go?"
Sherlock sighed but obeyed, unbuckling his seatbelt as soon as they parked, just about ready to climb out before John stopped him with a hand on his chest. He turned back to him questioningly, only to be met with the liquid fire of John's eyes.
"Yes, Philip?"
When Dr Watson returned his sight to the class, and was met with the intense eyes of the infamous Sherlock Holmes, he startled. Realising that Sherlock was the only student without a pair, he frowned, but said nothing and launched into the explanation of the experiment.
"Look- I can't imagine how you feel, they disappeared without a trace. But- If I can be of any assistance I will try my hardest to help you." He watched the tired man lift his head, "Besides, from how Sherlock goes on about you, I think he's more likely to get in contact with me first. John too for that matter."
"No. You will be visiting another location after your three days in Italy are concluded." Sherlock replied with a defiant raised eyebrow.
John looked at him and deadpanned "How romantic of you."
Sherlock nodded, allowing John to touch him for a moment longer before pulling away. "We should get going. We can't stay too long in the same place," He gestured to the steering wheel.  "Mycroft."
"Why are you telling me this?" Sherlock drawls, flipping a page nonchalantly.
Instead, John pointedly turned his back on Sherlock and returned to the whiteboard to continue teaching, and Sherlock glared intensely at the clock in the hopes it would make the minutes pass faster.
"Sherlock! What are you doing here?! You can't just waltz in!" John panicked, his hand moving to Sherlock's shoulder which was still moving forward.
And there it was, the punch to the gut that John was dreading. He felt his throat close unexpectedly, a metal ball settle in the pit of his stomach. "So it
"Okay, maybe not to you, but you don't find anybody intimidating. I'm authoritive to others." John insisted, and Sherlock noticed the way Dr Watson's arms come to fold close against his chest to give the illusion of height and power.
"Oh, yes, I've heard! The facilities look fantastic." She nodded enthusiastically, dropping John's hand.
"Hey boys" Greg swung around the door to John's classroom, looking suspiciously cheerful in Sherlock's eyes. Before Sherlock could voice his complaints to his tutor about the form of torture John was attempting to enforce on him by compelling him to attend the biology trip, Lestrade began to speak.
"Try one," Sherlock said after a moment of watching John sift through a few on the rack, kilts suddenly forgotten.
The one thing that surprised Sherlock, however, was the appearance of Dr Watson in the corridor, and the apparent anger on his face when he'd heard them. In fact, he had immediately loudly ordered a large rugby player to get to his lesson unless he wanted to be sent to the head's office for 'bullying'.
Sherlock wonders if he would ever find the strength to tell John himself.
Greg narrowed his eyes at him for a moment. "You know everything about
"John", he croaked, launching into another coughing fit at the persistent itching and dryness in his throat.
"Just on the outskirts of Manchester." Sherlock shifted in his seat, which prompted an impressive yawn from the driver.
And then there was John. Just over a week had passed since the fire, and the science side of the school had been shut off and lessons cancelled until the building was deemed safe again after sufficient repairs, this meant that he had not seen Sherlock since the fire.
"Oh Sherlock, dear?" Mrs Hudson called from the other room. "Could you give me a hand with this? I can' t reach it."
He told John with as much nonchalance that he could muster that it had happened no less than 5 times, and resolutely told himself not to look at John's expression. He worried of the reaction of his new lover, not knowing what John would think of him, considering Sherlock had a false reputation of being promiscuous amongst the student body, though he was never quite sure of the origin of those rumours. Just as he was beginning the familiar process of trying to eliminate possible instigators from his list of suspects, he felt John's hand touch his face, it was shaking slightly.
"I'm British, it's what we do." Sherlock insisted with a small smile, which grew considerably at the answering giggle that escaped John's lips.
Mycroft watched his younger brother for a second, observing the stiffness of his lower lip, the folded arms, completely closed off. Yet, Mycroft could see.  "But you want there to be." he concluded.
"I know that," John smiled.
"Mtl?"
"You had no right." he said after minutes of silence.
They'd ventured into a small strip of old-fashioned shops, apparently just around the corner from the main square of Glencoe village. Exhausted after climbing, hiking, and sightseeing but a few of the vast and breathtaking hills of Scotland, and seeking rest, John had convinced Sherlock to walk the extra quarter-mile to the centre.
"John?" He stopped, sliding his own arm around his lover.
"Yes. Mrs Hudson-" The chemist sighed with relief, "I- don't believe you've met..."
"On learning the whereabouts of my brother and Doctor Watson. I know you haven't had any cellular contact with either of them since the last time I saw you."
"What happened to him?" Greg shook his head, a confused look on his face. "That doesn't sound like the typical age old teenage hormones kicking in, I mean, even if it were , Sherlock is hardly the typical teenager is he?"
"I'm sorry, John. I never know what to do in these situations." John saw the thoughts racing behind Sherlock's eyes and a smile stretched across his face.
Sherlock hummed to himself in vague distraction, bringing focus instead to the results of his experiment.
_________________________________________________________________________________
"And I promise if I've horribly misjudged the situation, I won't bring it up agai-"
"More likely you than me." Mycroft squinted with a curl of a smile, it was humourless, and Greg wondered for the hundredth time at the nature of Sherlock and his brother's strange relationship.
"Sherlock-"
"Ta" John took it from him, slipping it on immediately and pulling the collar closed around his face to force out the biting cold.
Sherlock smirked in return and made his move.
Sherlock had never felt so possessive over something before. Never felt so vulnerable. Never felt like such a man. Never felt like he had the world at his feet. John Watson was the missing piece, the crucial part that Sherlock didn't even realise was absent.
With a shake of his head, John lifted his satchel over his shoulder and flicked off the lights at the front of the classroom. "Anyway, I best be off."
to stay.
"I believe we discussed it partially on our first phone-call." The deep voice replied from below him.
"I don't care" Sherlock said matter-of-factly.
John shrugged, tightening his hold on his younger lover, he'd threw his arm across Sherlock's bare chest whilst he'd laid on his back reading. He'd found that it was quite impossible now to not be touching Sherlock Holmes at any opportunity he had,
"Did you have anything in mind?" John asked, watching the delicious pull of muscles in Sherlock's bare back as he walked away from him. He put his arms behind his head, leant back against the headboard and stared at his toes moving under the sheet.
"Yes, Sir." he mumbled with embarrassment. "Sir- may I have permission to explai-"
"Sherlock-"
"Why? Is this an interview?" He replied sharply in return, noticing that there was no seat for Mycroft who stood smirking. "I'm sorry, Mr Holmes, but I don't quite see why I'm here."
"Uh, yes, go ahead." John furrowed his brow, emitting a borderline nervous chuckle.
Sherlock stared at him for a moment. "North America"
He blinked furiously in response, as if it would bleach the memories from his mind. "I thought I deleted it..." he mumbled to himself, looking everywhere but at John, who had his hands either side of Sherlock's face.
John's heart leapt unexpectedly at the two letters at the end, signalling Sherlock's initials.
________________________________________________________________________________
" Sherlock sits back in his seat with a wince at the uncomfortable backrest poking at his spine, turning back to glare at said opposing chair.
"That's because you make it out to be an enemy, just let yourself
"I believe that one to be true."
"I don't care" Sherlock growled in return. "I don't care, John. I don't care about Mycroft, or the school, or the law, or your self-restraint, or logic, practicality, or whatever the hell else is holding you back from-"
John panicked, almost falling over with the speed in which he pulled himself away from Sherlock, envious at Sherlock's constant cool and collected exterior.
Sherlock grimaced at his shoes and actually came to terms with the truth. "It is, actually." He fiddled with his hands.
"Why do you care anyway?" Sherlock narrowed his eyes.
"I said wrong. Phagocytises, lysosomes and lysosomal enzymes in the subsequent destruction of ingested pathogens allow a defensive function in mammalian blood." Sherlock returned in a monotonous voice.
After denying John's offer to drive once again, the younger man had taken the wheel, a comfortable silence filling their private bubble of the car, partly helped by the rather emotional revelation they'd  both lived through the night before. It wasn't long, though, before the silence became punctured with a feeling opposed to comfort.
Fighting an overwhelming urge to pull out a cigarette from the depths of his coat pockets, he found himself swaying on his feet, stuck to the pavement where the cabbie had left him. How could he face Mycroft now? He needed to protect John at all costs, which meant not allowing his brother to know anything that could potentially put John's job in danger. Which is why 10 minutes later he was jimmying up the drain-pipe attached to the back wall of the mansion-like-house, picking the simple lock of his bedroom window and sliding in without much effort at all.
Mycroft cleared his throat, "I will explain within the hour. You have 30 minutes until Lance arrives."
"You know I never usually let my em-"
"Harriet, I assume?" the deep voice returned, standing to the side of John's desk by now, hands hovering, unsure what to do with them. "That and the fact that your car broke down on the way to work, your leg is causing you pain again, and your nightmares of the war have returned."
"Mildly stimulating" Sherlock drawled.
The head teacher watched the suited young man stroll out of the door in which he entered, his mouth agape, a deep frown creasing his face. He didn't even have a chance to formulate a response, before Mycroft disappeared around the corner.
In fact, as hard as he tried to convince himself that Mycroft might be the tiniest bit interested in him, Greg was harshly reminded that he was but the smallest of cogs in Mycroft's enormous working machine, and was merely there as a tool to help him on his way. Not that he was surprised, all of his relationships had left him feeling insignificant. And lonely. And pathetic. And God he needed to get laid.
Sherlock turned his head away, "Emotion has always been my greatest challenger."
Sherlock lifted himself from the chair, pushing his microscope away and entering the store room where some of the equipment was kept. He reached for the jar she wanted in one fluid movement without stretching, passed it back down to her for her to dust and then placed it back on the top shelf.
Sherlock took a tentative sip from the hot drink, his lip curving over the edge of the cup. He wet his lips with a darting pink tongue after pulling away, and his eyes flicked immediately up to John's open blues. "Child's play." he smiled.
"Kevin Lynch," Sherlock spoke when they were sat across from each other on John's bed. "What's his story?"
"I don't know, I just- I want..."
"What is the time and date at the top of the fourth paper from the bottom"
"Let's not mention this to any senior staff anyway, can't be arsed to explain the specifics of spending an hour trying to convince a student to leave a half-dead animal alone." Greg continued talking to himself. "Just going to sign us all out in reception, get Sherlock on the bus will ya? Other students are on already." He slapped John on the back, retiring to the log cabin and ducking his head to fit underneath the lopsided doorway.
Sherlock stood with a sigh, his coat feeling heavier on his shoulders today for some reason, and relished at the protruding shape of his lighter in his trouser pocket. He thumbed over the smooth plastic curve, deliberating on killing a bit more time until the end of the day or going home early to an empty and lonely house.
"I was in my mind palace." Sherlock admitted, making eye contact with John and ignoring the jolt in his chest that happened when he did.
"Oh, uh, good afternoon. Mycroft, isn't it?"
"Don't be ridiculous. I know that." John looked at his own tired eyes in the mirror across the room.
"You missed your tutor period with me on Thursday. Are you free now?" Greg stood with his arms crossed, hoping it made him look more authoritive, the only way to manage Sherlock, he knew from experience, was to annoy him until he complied.
"I was going to give it to you before, but I must have got distracted." A strange look was on Sherlock's face, one that didn't belong there, something akin to the anxiousness of a young boy on his first day of school. He pulled out the bundle further, and John realised it was folded leather, chocolate brown and faded, with equally faded badges sewn expertly into it. It took him a moment to realise before Sherlock unfolded it that it was one of the leather jackets he had been admiring in the shop the week beforehand.
Due to the excess of biology students in the year, they had all been piled on to separate coaches with allocated teachers. Sherlock had been forced on to the first coach and shoved his way onto a lone seat, purposefully storing his bag on the seat next to him so nobody could sit and annoy him for the 40 minute journey.
John pressed a final kiss to Sherlock's cheek. "Let's."
"I did." John nodded. "They are."
"It's fine" John smiled, his knuckles brushing against Sherlock's absently. "It's all fine, it is now anyway."
Mike laughed and nodded back to him.
He paused, meeting Sherlock's intense gaze. "That I am what?" he blinked, his voice deep in response to John's.
"How were you to know? You don't have my deductive or intellective capabilities."
Sherlock only seemed to realise what he had done when he blinked his eyes open to find John's sleepy lashes millimetres away, wide eyed and soft, scanning over Sherlock's face with a look of fascination and bewilderment. A quick scan of the other man's face had him concluding John felt as little rested as he himself did. He'd just noticed the curve of a vague sleep-wrinkle on John's cheek before it had moved out of view and he felt the soft and slow pressure of lips against his own, brushed with a hint of stubble Sherlock still wasn't used to.
"Sherlock, how far away do you live?"
"If it's this much of a problem, I can privately tutor your catch up sessions?" John suggested.
"Sherlock..."
Sherlock swallowed the lump in his throat, feeling it slide painfully away as he tried as hard as he could not to explode. "I do."
Sherlock shuddered despite the warmth of John's body holding him to the ground, feeling his throat close up, as if his body was naturally trying to stop emotion and pain from pouring out from him.
Just as the teacher was raking his hair back with his fingers, Sherlock appeared, moving closer than socially appropriate into John's personal space, eyes darting everywhere.
"Do you have lessons this afternoon?"
us? You don't want me anymore?"
Sherlock was vaguely aware of the time, his conscience reminding him of Mycroft's inane rules regarding his new enforced curfew. Realising that technically the school-day hadn't ended yet, as neither he or John had any lessons in the afternoon, he nodded to the teacher and put his hands in his pockets.
"Let's eat."  he said, his eyes soft. One of his fingers brushed John's knuckles as he reached for the menu.
John frowned, why was Sherlock asleep in his classroom? Alarm bells in his head told him he should contact somebody and complain for a strike to be put on his record since he really shouldn't be sleeping in classrooms, let alone vacant ones, but the more dominant voice in his head told him not to.
_______________________________________________________________________________
"How?"
He held out his hand, waggling his fingers until Sherlock huffed and stretched his own out to meet them, allowing the shorter man to pull him from his seat and lead him upstairs.
"What was that?" John said around the kiss, his hands reaching for Sherlock who was suddenly passionate, lips claiming John's with what seemed like the power and experience of someone at least 15 years his senior.
Clearing his throat, Sherlock uncurled from his slouch against the wall. "I believe students and teachers have been excused from school until further notice. You should go home."
"The nature of their relationship. Sherlock's convinced they're an item." He said with disgust.
"It could be infected or something!" Lestrade gesticulates, slapping Sherlock on the back, "Put it down!"
"Stop pretending you're some sort of alien species." he giggled in return, moving and tugging his fingers through the hair at the nape of Sherlock's neck. "You have to eat too."
"I thought you knew everything," Mycroft taunted in response and Sherlock marched over to the umbrella stand in the next room and pulled out said shoe horn, throwing it at his brother's head.
Sherlock merely offered an empty glare at him in return, secretly just glad that he had managed to make John feel even the tiniest better than he was feeling beforehand. Sherlock Holmes saw that as a win.
John frowned to himself "I am authoritive"
"It is causing me emotional upheaval." Sherlock stated, "I don't know what else I need to say to prove to you, Lestrade-"
"You two are rather close, aren't you?" Greg asked, sounding genuinely curious.
"Sherlock?"
"Like that?" John asked, breathy and deep, feeling Sherlock's fingers tightening in his hair.
A vibration under his thigh startled the doctor out of his thoughts, the metal of his phone felt warm to his touch when he slid his thumb across the screen.
He frowned, picking up the call. "Hello?"
John leant forward with a smile so proud and pure, Sherlock was sure that not even the smile of an angel herself could envy the beauty of John Watson's face staring back at him, and saying those words so unquestionably. "I love you too, you daft git."
He was bewildered to see the tranquillity in Sherlock's eyes when he opened his own again. He was leant back on his palms, his legs hanging over the edge of John's bed, stray curls sticking out of the tamed mop of hair. John traced the calmness in his posture, the smoothness of pale skin peeking out from the neck of his shirt, the potential for a smile dancing on his lips.
"Are you okay?" Greg asked, watching Mycroft's stiff back as he faced out of the window.
He glared at Stamford who passed him with a deliberate laugh, carrying as much food as his chubby hands could manage from the canteen and towards his own classroom. Greg had already broken up three fights, shouted at 6 separate lads to pick up their rubbish and scolded an intimidating and large group of teenage girls when they began doodling hearts and names against the doors of lockers and walls with permanent marker.
"Hey!" John said, nudging him in the ribs. Sherlock continued unaffected, grabbing John's arm mid-jab and bringing it to his chest.
John frowned at Sherlock's text, eyes flickering back to the lights, still on red. Then replying.
"Yeah, key stage 4" she smiles in return, brushing a strand of hair out of her eyes.
"Am I not your type, is that it? Not psychopathic enough for you?"
"God, I missed you." He said, reaching straight for Sherlock's hand.
He forced the doors open, hearing another smash-explosion of glass nearby but resolutely ignoring the horror he knows he was running straight in to. "Sherlock!" he screamed, weaving madly through the empty hallways, coughing and spluttering from the smoke making its way into his lungs.
The younger Holmes stormed into the room, a whirlwind of papers going flying from the force of Sherlock's entrance. Mycroft stood, moving around his desk with a calm demeanour, prepared to address the matter Sherlock was clearly so enraged about.
Sherlock looked sceptical, his unsure eyes roaming over the lines of John's face.  "There are quite a few variables working against us, John."
"Yes, Sir," John joked, "I'd put it on, but I'm soaked through. Can I try it later?"
John would have scolded him for interrupting his romantic declaration if he wasn't so amused by Sherlock's words, even if they were true (which they probably were, knowing Mycroft), the bluntness of Sherlock's defence had him giggling through the receiver, unaware at the smile that tugged at the young man's lips as soon as he heard it.
"John?" he gripped at the older man's coat, doubting he was even real.
"Hey," John said, moving his hand to stroke up Sherlock's back. "What's all this? You're not shy, are you?"
Tilting his hips until he found the perfect angle, he took Sherlock's breath away with one particularly well aimed thrust, bringing their arousals together in the heat of the room. Sherlock's hands flew to John's hips, forcing him to grind back down against him again.
The man eyed the outstretched hand with uncertainty, his own fingers twitching at his side.
"Clearly," Greg sipped his coffee, frowning at his friend. "You okay?"
"Sherlock left when he was sixteen, we found him three weeks later, practically up to his elbows in cocaine."
"I just can't keep my hands off you," John said, amazed. He pulled back to look at Sherlock's face, angles and shapes envious of a supermodel's facial features, wondering how the hell he ended up with someone so unfairly gorgeous.
"I managed to make it to the car park,
"One was tall, that was the annoying French one. Hair like a mop."
Sherlock's resolve crumbled bit by bit as the heat rose inside the vehicle. Each time he felt John's sure grip on him he felt as though he might tip over the edge into primal animalistic sexual nature, worried he might hurt John in the haste he felt to get to him. He was sure he'd never felt such an intense physiological reaction from his body before, he was sure his biology was never set up to feel this way with anyone. No one before had even come close to making him feel how he felt with John. Even just standing in the same room as him convinced him that John was sending subconscious electrical signals, shocks, straight through his body and brain.
"What? I was just making conversation!" Greg spluttered, cheeks reddening as he pulled his feet down from his desk and dusted doughnut crumbs from his lap.
"Well, it was about time I cooked for you, we've been splashing out on too many takeaways since being here and it's not doing much good for my ever-growing gut." he said with a pointed pat to his stomach, and disappeared into the next room.
"Well he was bound to be angry! I would be angry if someone accused me of something like that when it isn't true!" Greg reasoned, frowning hard at the wood of the table in front of him.
"It's not" he gazed up into the deepness of John's ocean-blue eyes. "It's not, John."
John was silent, his eyes seeking Sherlock's under the lip of the hat which covered his face.
The ex-detective was unsure of why this change in behaviour had such an apparent effect on him, why was he sat moping with nothing to do simply because Mycroft had stopped calling on him every five minutes? His life didn't revolve around the man.
"What?" John frowned immediately. "What are you talking about?"
"What?" He asked, so hushed for his fear of breaking the tension in the room.
_______________________________________________________________________________
"I'm already ahead of the syllabus" he yawned, examining the rusting clasps of the bunsen burners shoved in the corner drawer.
John pulled his glasses away from his face, waiting for Sherlock to look back to him. "No...as long as you are aware of situations in not to use my first name"
John paused. "Afghanistan. Sorry, how did you-"
After John's unexpected outburst, and Sherlock's inexperienced attempt at comforting him, the pair of them had slowly migrated to opposing sofas in John's living room, with the usual intense and electric atmosphere returned between them.
Greg passed it over, blinking up at him as he deposited it on a concealed coat rack, hidden behind a rather tall house plant. "Thanks." He nodded, and suddenly felt awkward as the two men stood alone in the hallway.
"That I am what, John?" He whispered, his breath hitting John's face.
"No! John, you can't go in there!" Greg panicked, shouting over student's voices, eyes frantically looking back towards the crowds of children still piling out from the building. "John! Just wait for the fire engines!"
Molly was startled by a shout from behind them, John rolling his eyes at the usual antics of the students. "Oh, Greg mentioned you were a soldier?" she squeaked with interest.
"What did Sir say?" John inquired, stepping sideways and away in case any passersby seemed suspicious.
"Very," John agreed, watching the colours change in Sherlock's strange ethereal eyes.
He only just caught the slight tremble of Mycroft's hand before the genius had violently shook it straight, clamping down and gritting his teeth in the face of any exposed emotions that dared to try and sneak their way in.
Greg accepted the disc with grateful hands, sliding his thumb over the protective wallet, "Thank you." His eyes met Mycroft's in the dim light of the room, following the imperceptible nod that Mycroft responded with, with curious eyes.
______________________________________________________________________________
Sherlock didn't reply, but nodded his head towards the building situated across the car-park that John hadn't noticed. The neon letters that had probably once worked flickered in the distance, and John was only able to make out three of them.
Mycroft breathed, "Right."
"I know you do," John nodded, his eyes brimming with tears unexpectedly. He moved his hand to the back of Sherlock's neck, pressing their foreheads together to allow the young man to regain his composure.
_________________________________________________________________________________
"Don't tell me you don't know Spiderman," John's mouth dropped open, and Sherlock felt the discomfort of embarrassment flushing through his system, and reached for his phone, searching the name into Google. "I thought you knew everything?"
Sherlock smirked, tightening his grip on the steering wheel with a glance to his partner. "Some things are better left to the imagination, John."
Sherlock frowned at the board in confusion and then flipped the board shut in frustration, pieces flying everywhere.
"We are not restricted to the four walls of this dreadful school, John."
Sherlock was determinedly walking over to John and away from Lestrade, heading towards where he had left his bag when they'd entered the field.
"You are quite the romantic, you know." John smiled dreamily up at him.
"You promised me lunch, and I'm starved, so." Greg sucked his bottom lip between his teeth, waiting for the man to move from his chair.
from the librarian on duty, accompanied by an impatient glare. Mrs Hudson raised an eyebrow at him and pointedly returned a book to the shelf that Sherlock had thrown to the floor in his mood.
"Are we going?" Sherlock asked, ripping off his scarf and tossing it over the chair.
"I did! Too much..."
"I'll have scampi, cheers." Greg replied, handing over the menu to the small woman, who slid Mycroft's into her free hand also and disappeared to the kitchen.
My salvation.
"It says here you do, don't you do Biology and Forensics? There's after-school revision classes here- Mrs Kemp for Forensics, and for Biology, Doctor-- Oh-" she broke off with a fluster, blinking at the sheet. "Dr Watson, for Biology"
"Right. I probably should have expected an answer like that." His phone buzzed in his pocket as he frowned in response to Sherlock. His lock-screen lit up with a message.
Mycroft simply gave him a look that said
"Who is? I hope you aren't talking about me" Sherlock heard John use his 'teacher voice' and rolled his eyes.
It's about  a minute later after screaming his student's name that he hears a weak croak from below him. "John?"
"What do you want?" he asked, voice deeper with arousal than Sherlock had ever heard it, as he nipped at the younger man's earlobe.
"No!" he practically stomped, shouting in defiance.
John rubbed at his eyes with his fists, tempted to slap himself to stay awake, and settled his mug of cold coffee down next to the intimidating stack of ungraded essays and empty lesson plans. He fell backwards onto the sofa, turning his head towards the window being pelted with rain and wind, and before he knew it he was lost in his thoughts of piercing verdigris coloured eyes that haunted his daydreams.
He'd half expected to be stalked by a couple of 'secret' agents, keeping a watchful eye over him in case he decided to disobey his darling brother's explicit orders. Either they hadn't gotten the memo to watch over him this time, or Mycroft had selected agents actually capable of remaining
"Ohh- fuck-" the doctor's head fell back onto the pillows, feeling the hardness contained in his jeans fall in perfect line with Sherlock's clad crack. Trying to get his breathing under control in fear of coming right then and there, his hands shot to Sherlock's hips, stilling his shuffling above him. The student seemed distracted, staring intensely down at John's bare chest.
"Congratulations on remembering."
_________________________________________________________________________________
Sherlock nods and moves towards him, allowing the back of his knuckles to brush against John's momentarily before asking where the coaches were parked.
Mycroft rapidly attached the data in his head; from the lingering glances and uneasiness, Sherlock's increase of breath behind him when he shook Dr Watson's hand, from the fathomable electrical charge in the air between the two silent men, it was safe to determine that
Suddenly, his phone buzzed; and he scrambled to get hold of it again.
"The role of plasma cells and memory cells produce a secondary response-"
"You want to talk to me but are considering whether to ask me to stay behind since there is no actual reason that I should be asked to stay after class." he narrowed his eyes. "You feel sorry for me"
"There is no point in insulting Mycroft's intelligence by dropping me off around the corner from my house, John. He has known all this time where I've been and with whom." Sherlock sighed, flapping his hand at John until he pulled away from the kerb and continued to drive further down the road in pursuit of Sherlock's house.
Taking no notice of John's words, Sherlock grabbed his face again, needing to be closer to his lover. John was slowly but surely discovering Sherlock's love of kissing, feeling the burn of his stubble against his chin as he worked his hand inside the unzipped trousers to the dampness of Sherlock's boxers.
"You know I'll just come looking for you if you don't" Sherlock promised in the dark room.
"Just some nonsense threat, the usual." Sherlock shrugged. The longer he watched John, the more apparent the doctor's stress became. "He can't do anything."
John laughed instead, and felt the warmth in his own chest spreading as he finally looked up to Sherlock's face.
"Long time no see," John laughed with uncertainty, taking measured steps forward, wishing so intensely that they were alone so he could shake Sherlock and scream how consuming his feelings were becoming, and how dare he exist to be such a temptation, and why did his lips always look so alluring and kissable?
"No," Sherlock started.
"And then promptly fell asleep." Sherlock snorted, the light of humour in his expression making him even more attractive to John, who was staring at him as though cartoon hearts were about to form in his eyes.
"I probably shouldn't have given you that permission" John reflected, worrying his lip between his teeth absently as Sherlock pulled a stool over to his desk and sits to the side reading equations from the whiteboard.
Sherlock glared back at him. To the common outsider, they simply looked like two men in a heated argument, two brothers facing a battle between them, dressed in formal clothing and not enough experience even between them to configure any sort of stalemate.
"I was supposed to look after him."
He'd rolled down the window as soon as they got in, and let his arm rest atop it, the cool air flowing in, and the light from the streetlamps glinting off the gold of his signet ring as his fingers tapped against the outer body of the car.
Sherlock paused before following, concealing himself behind a store model and pulling out one of the jackets John had lingered on before heading to the checkout.
The doctor sighed. "Well, I guess you could say that it's not an obvious match. Plus, his family despise me."
John gasped, throwing a cushion at his lover's head, which was accurately dodged. "You take that back!"
"Okay, well, at least the former is true."  He winked at the younger man, before turning his attention back to the stacked slabs of stone covered in slimy moss, he immediately began to climb, using low tree branches as leverage to haul himself higher.
__________________________________________________________________________________
Sherlock stopped, narrowing his eyes momentarily "about half an hour's walk"
His free hand fell to the Sherlock's waist, he was wearing a tailored white shirt that John hadn't seen before, and was continuously baffled at the amount of different clothes Sherlock seemed to be pulling from thin air each morning.
John didn't quite know how to respond to this, until he realised his mistake. "Oh...do you have a boyfriend, then?"
Sat sodden in his damp clothes, John watched from afar as Sherlock stamped out a cigarette underneath his shoe, turned up his collar against the wind and rain and stalked away towards the main road, a silent and lone stick figure in the haze of stormy weather.
And God, he
Completely confused, wondering if he had been observing someone else's car instead of his own, he'd spun in circles to check for nearby pranksters, then, thought rationally, who would prank somebody by
"Something along those lines" Mycroft squinted at him in vague amusement.
And suddenly, Sherlock was gone. Having pushed John away with surprising strength and wriggled off the bed, around to the other side and pressed his back to the door, breathing heavily, wide eyes like a startled animal.
They trudged back together in silence, putting a significant distance between themselves when the vehicles came into sight, clambering onto separate coaches and settling into cold uncomfortable seats.
Lestrade sighed, "Why am I not surprised?"
Piling everything into his hands and straight down into his bag messily, Sherlock pushed his bag on to the floor and leant forward on his elbows, focusing on John.
"And do what? Wander street to street knocking doors and asking if they've seen a curly haired teenager?" Mycroft scowled up at the man looming over him, feeling the irritation scratching at his insides.
Sherlock squinted back at the young woman who was smoothing her hair down with a small smile.
"We have what you might call-" He examined the end of his cane. "A
(See the end of the chapter for
From: Greg Lestrade
John stroked his hand down Sherlock's pale cheek, his eyes flitting across his handsome features. "It wasn't because of you. The only time I felt
"Don't you
John's attention was drawn to the hawk-ended cane once again in Mycroft's ringed hand, his knuckles white with the tightness of his grip.
He worked at his own shirt buttons, only to be slapped away and replaced by John's fumbling fingers, groaning as their clothed crotches met between them.
"Excuse me?"
"It's been serious all along, you've just been neglecting to accept that."
"If I'm caught smoking again on school grounds I'm suspended for a week."
Sherlock had quietened now, they had laid him down on the stretcher and he was being instructed to breathe deeply into the gas and air machine, tracking his pulse simultaneously. John imagined the voice in Sherlock's head about how irritating these green-coated people were being, and barely held back a chuckle.
________________________________________________________________________________
"So," John started, trying to take both of their minds off everything that was going on. "Any clues to where we're heading?"
John eventually escaped questioning an hour later, patted his pockets down for his car keys and ran to avoid the automatic doors closing on him as he dashed to the car park in the steady rain.
"Thanks," Lestrade took the glass quickly, surprised out of his own daydream, fingers colliding with Mycroft's in the process.
Sherlock growled again, his hands moving to John's chest, pinning him back again when he tried to move forward and out of his grasp.
"John..." Sherlock called quietly.
"Maybe we should call it a day," Greg suggested. "Besides, these chairs are bloody uncomfortable." he said, picking at his fingernails absently, and waiting for Mycroft to regard him.
"You gonna buy anything then?" A voice broke through his daydream, a voice belonging to a teenage girl sat at the counter chewing gum loudly and filing her pink nails, one ear pressed to a mobile phone on her shoulder. Greg sighed again, shook his head and went straight for the exit.
Greg followed, his attention at Mycroft's slim waist and full shoulders, the cut of his suit falling just above his behind--
Both of John's hands were pressed to Sherlock's face and neck, and Sherlock found himself migrating onto his stomach, one of his legs between John's, until he sat up and forced Sherlock backwards. Their kiss deepened once again as Sherlock moved onto John's lap, feeling the heat of the room surrounding them and stubbornly ignoring the desire to lift John's shirt over his head and just touch.
The other man awoke from his daydream "Thank you, sorry...erm"
"You love me?" He asked with a newfound shyness to his voice, as if he were a five year old boy again, nervously crowding little Sally Jenkins into the corner of the playground to ask her if she would be his girlfriend.
Anyone who knew Sherlock Holmes, knew his analytical and processing disposition, his scientifically driven brain, his attention to detail that mattered, though John had never seen the look in his eyes up close when he was utterly struck by something. It was the look of genuine curiosity and struggle. Struggle to take everything in, to catalogue, preserve and invest himself so devotedly  into something. John felt like he was some sort of alien species, being examined through sight, touch, smell- something to be marvelled at, something unknown.
"But you want it to?" Greg supplied.
_________________________________________________________________________________
relationship."
Sherlock glanced at him, knowing that his teacher had probably forgotten that Sherlock had told him about Mycroft in their first conversation, and then put his hands in his pockets. "You don't know much about me, Dr Watson."
"It could be," John answered petulantly, "We could make a cave?"
_________________________________________________________________________________
John looked back over to the girl, seeing that she was now staring back...straight at Sherlock.  "Right...interesting."
"Sherlock," John called.
Please review and let me know your thoughts, I'm considering discontinuing this if not many people are interested in me continuing, so keep me updated :) Thanks for reading!
"You're coming, Sherlock." John called from the other end of the classroom where he had gone to ram shut a faulty cupboard which persistently swung back open with a squeak. John frowned.
Mycroft's sigh on the other end sounded stressed, which made Sherlock considerably smug. "Come home now, Sherlock. I won't ask you again."
Mycroft squinted at him, almost as if he were deliberating punching the teacher, rebuffing his offer to help. Greg held eye contact until he began to feel uncomfortable with the intensity, shifting in his seat.
"Don't be ridiculous-" Greg shook his head, moving over to the open windows across from Mycroft's desk. "You should get over there and join up with the force, put out a search-"
Instead of attempting to hack into the blog (he still needed a bit more practise in online hacking skills, annoyingly), he sat back on the stairs at the back entrance of the building near the car park and reflected on their conversation in the classroom.
As always please feel free to leave your thoughts and comments, I really appreciate them. Apologies for the slow reply, right now I'm in the countryside without wifi--its killing me!
" he thrusted upwards as soon as John's hand fell to the bulge in his trousers, rubbing tentatively at the head of Sherlock's cock and feeling for the curved outline with his fingers.
yourself. Sit down." Mycroft nodded absently to his staff, who began to filter out of the room, closing the door behind them.
"An adventure?" Sherlock drawled, his head pointedly turning to the drizzle of rain lingering in a mist outside their window. They'd been cuddled up on the sofa reading separate books for the last hour or two. "I'm not used to this adventurous side of yours. What happened to the John Watson who would find most of his excitement in Thursday nights' BBC dramas and miniseries?"
John pressed a kiss to Sherlock's shoulder before falling backwards onto the bed, Sherlock moving with him onto his chest once more. John's eyes cast over the decoration of the room, lit with slices of light that peeked through the heavy curtains. He still couldn't believe that Sherlock had sorted out this entire place, including journey start to finish, so quickly and on his own.
"You need to stop barging into my classroom, Sherlock." Greg scolded, standing up behind his desk as John mimicked his actions.
They were met at the mid-point of the stairs by three firemen dressed in huge gear, masks strapped on tightly and rushing straight towards them. They were separated as one large fire-fighter practically lifted John over his shoulder and two others lifted Sherlock between them, the teen's eyes were squeezed shut and covered in blackness of dirt and dust.
"I really don't find it necessary to discuss Sherlock's idiotic getaways."
is. I can't take the suspense anymore, or the paranoia that everyone knows about us-"
"Sherlock-" John started, deciding to break up the argument before it gets out of hand, and knowing Sherlock, it will. "Stop the drama, please, you are both right."
"Don't be so tiresome as to ask me to repeat myself" Sherlock sighed.
John took his hand, pulling him towards the closest door and hoping it lead back to the hallway, desperately trying to ignore the visible bulge in his trousers in favour of focusing on any kind of rational thought with such little blood going to his brain.
Sherlock shook his head, his gaze on the ground. John tilted his own head backwards, his eyes ducking underneath Sherlock's hanging curls to spot the pinkness rising to his cheeks and smiled.
"No, not really." John sighed again, noticing a couple of crumbs resting on Sherlock's chin and giving them a swipe with his thumb. "Haven't you come across him before? You do Physics."
"Uh- I mean.." Sherlock panicked, his heart beating into overdrive as his body tried to claw back the words that had escaped the prison inside him.
He had never had such an interest in a student before, even just generally. His job gave him purpose in his previously lone life and he took the good days along with the bad, but he had never singled any student out. Then what was he doing with Sherlock?
"No!" He shouted back in defiance.
"Okay?" he asked, stroking his thumbs over Sherlock's hipbones, his pelvis shifting slightly.
"It is my responsibility alone to supervise Sherlock, even at his age."
Although the man still had a slight uncertainty to his step.
________________________________________________________________________________
Sherlock scowled at the last part, keeping his mouth shut and contemplating whether his thoughts  had ever encompassed the potential of a successful and happy life to begin with, before he'd even met John. He knew that they hadn't.
Sherlock stood suddenly and pulled his coat around himself, walking straight out of the car park, leaving John with no choice but to follow, panicking that he had said the wrong thing,
"What are you doing?" John screeched as they almost collided with an upcoming Jeep.
of this seemingly unimpressive man.
His tired eyes focused on the movement of Mycroft's long thin fingers dancing over the keys of his computer, as he slid his own hands into the pockets of his jeans. They'd spent the entire day going through footage separately, and Greg hadn't said as much, but he felt a touch of pride at the fact that Mycroft trusted him enough to handle the footage on his own.
"Well, I suppose I'll have to be, seeing as you're enjoying pushing me into the habit of eating." He rolled his eyes.
Sherlock nodded back to him in agreement. Until, softly; "I know."
"That's a very difficult question to answer" John laughed, scratching at the back of his neck, his eyes scanning the labels of the spirits mounted against the wall taps.
"Oh--" Greg paused dumbly. "Right..."
"Nope, just me"
With each tutor appointment, Greg felt like he was getting closer to understanding this isolated genius, rude as he may be, he was still human, and Greg felt like he had achieved something whenever he saw a glimpse of that human side leak out every once in a while.
When he entered his classroom, managing to deposit his box on his desk and fall back into his chair before he collapsed from exhaustion, he eventually realised a difference.
Sherlock stares pitifully at the ceiling and wishes for something interesting to happen in the next five minutes. Of course, nothing does, and he stays there with his thoughts for the next three hours.
"It's me," John said quietly.
"Please, come in, come in." the chubby man cajoled, a smile plastered on his face. "Take a seat, Mr Holmes. Thank you ever so much for stopping by."
Sherlock was seething.
This realisation came with a smash as Sherlock's lips collided with his own, his hands falling everywhere on John's body, clenching and pulling at John's shirt, stretching it so tight he was pretty sure it would rip. He heard his own breaths turning into a carnal panting, barely holding on with his arms wrapped around Sherlock's shoulders as the young man attacked his throat with passionate kisses and playful bites.
He stared at the skin before him, so unused to seeing anything but cold, pale flesh reminiscent of Greek marble. He noticed the freckles and moles, the scratches and scars, the warmth of John's golden-amber skin. Sherlock frowned, needing to get a closer look, and moving himself onto John's lap.
Sherlock offered out his cigarette between his fingers. John shakes his head.
They were attaching a breath monitor to John's face just as he heard a retching from beside him, and leaned over to see Sherlock throwing up violently over the concrete floor. He went to pull the mask down from his face, ready to stand and help him "Sherlock-"
Thank you so much for reading. Big love to you as always. - E
John's worried face stretched into a warm smile as Sherlock quickly returned his gaze to his menu, a slight tinge to his usually pale cheeks.
John slid into the other seat with a sigh, "I was going to offer to drive, since I'm assuming it will be long-haul, and I doubt you've driven out of London before."
Sherlock grunted, snapping himself out of it. Such a
"Shit- What? He knows? How can he know?"
Sherlock dragged most of their luggage in behind John, who stood in the surprisingly large hallway, staring up at the curved wooden staircase which led to a balcony landing above their heads. The doors to the kitchen were open, and Sherlock encouraged him with a nod of his head to go and explore, whilst he went to lock the car.
John heard his breath hitch before feeling it. "Couldn't what?"
"I'm guessing you're not friends." John barked out a laugh, turning on the ball of his foot.
"Sir! Can you come here please?" John was distracted by three girls from his biology class, who were stood looking extremely confused. He nodded and walked towards them, his hands in his pockets, looking wistfully back to Lestrade's retreating figure towards Sherlock.
Mycroft sat back in his chair as the line went dead, turning his swivel chair to the large map of Britain beside him. He pushed a red pin into the title of Birmingham, and wondered at the vast possibilities with which he was suddenly faced with.
Sherlock let his head drop forward onto John's shoulder, not caring that the material was damp and uncomfortable. "I'm sorry," his muffled voice replied. "I'm sorry, I just--"
The silence continued for two long minutes, before Greg stopped fiddling with the thread of his sleeve and lifted his head to look at the gentleman across from him.
"Outside of England?" Sherlock asked, his voice still suspiciously casual to John's ears.
John nodded. "He was never close with Pops as a boy, couldn't say he approved of his father being besotted with me from the moment I was born."
"I...Yes. Sorry-" Sherlock grimaced down at himself and retracted his thumb from the lighter pedal, stuffing the un-used cigarette back into the sodden cardboard carton crinkled in his inside coat pocket.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Sherlock-" he pleaded, emotion evident in his voice as he stood off to the side, his hands and soul feeling empty with the lack of Sherlock's presence.
John nodded seriously, "Right. Yes."
The teacher frowned to himself in the hallway; if he didn't know any better, it sounded like Mycroft Holmes was being told off.
John felt the world around him fusing into multicolour blur as Sherlock's lips finally,
alone.
"Rome-" Mycroft answered distractedly. "I need you to stay here for the next three days, no staying behind at sixth form, come straight home."
loud thinker" Sherlock drawled in response, the illusion of him sounding insulted by John's very existence being shattered by the tiniest of smiles lifting the corner of his lips, illuminated by the passing flashes of street-lamp light.
"John?" he stood, checking on the closed door in his peripheral vision before pulling off his latex gloves.
to your brother after what's happened, I can assure you that my intentions were completely pur-"
"Damaging your lungs by smoking, burning yourself with chemicals, getting trapped in fires, cutting yourself on bricks" John smirked, "You're a whole new definition of danger."
"Which exit?" John asked as they approached the roundabout.
Sherlock appeared to think for a moment, trying to recall the conversation.  "I don't know, I must have deleted it."
"Mycroft?" John frowned, his eyes rolling back in his head on the verge of a moan at the feeling of Sherlock's insistent lips against his skin. He cupped the back of his head, his other hand returning to its place on Sherlock's thigh, which stuttered under his touch.
"Mmm..." he lolled his head against John's shoulder, pulling a snigger from the older man.
"No, I- How did you learn to do that? It was completely calm with you"
"He was depressed from a young age, introverted, sociopathic..." Mycroft began, "Insisted that nobody understood, father tried to shake some sense into him, I was away at university during most of the ordeal."
He sighed, running a hand through his hair. "Okay." he agreed, wondering what it was he was even getting himself involved in, as Mycroft imperceptibly nodded back to him.
"Yeah...yeah, fine"
He was so busy watching Sherlock, he hadn't noticed him turning to speak to him. "Unique." he said, watching John stare back at him with a pensive look on his face.
"You know the deadline is approaching for your statement." Greg squinted to make out the faces of the teachers on duty outside.
"Would you like to relinquish it?" Sherlock deadpans, not showing any signs of being phased by John's outward sense of regret.
"I'm not expecting anything from you here, Sherlock. Just relax," he pushed Sherlock onto his back, going on his hands and knees over him. "Let me take care of you," he said, eyes darker than usual from where Sherlock could see him, mouth hovering above his sternum.
"No," Sherlock noticed the faint embarrassment John felt. "I do not have a boyfriend."
The teacher would have been tricked by Sherlock's usual monotonic voice if it hadn't cracked on the last syllable of his name, wavering and fading out to a thin silence in which John finally realised the heartbreaking insecurities of the young man he was falling head over heels for.
classroom.
"I can feel myself slipping though..." Sebastian's voice curled with an air of seduction, and Sherlock glanced at the figure moving closer to John's back where the teacher was cleaning his whiteboard. "I was wondering if you could give me a hand?"
"Where am I going, Sherlock?" John asked impatiently, peering repeatedly in his side-view mirrors.
"Yes, but," John smoothed his own hand up Sherlock's chest, his fingers resting on his shoulder. "I was hoping that you'd give in and tell me if I asked you enough."
John's brain panicked as soon as he recognised the voice of the head-teacher, a podgy middle-aged man with deep forehead wrinkles and abnormally large ears; knowing that there had to be a serious reason he was being called on in the middle of teaching.
"Has something bad happe-"
"Deleted what?" he shook his head in confusion, "Speak to me, you're worrying me..."
She hobbled over with interest, and Sherlock deduced that her hip was giving her trouble again.
After spending the entire night awake and buzzing, Sherlock was up and out of the door before the school even opened, standing outside the gate staring in until the caretakers came to unlock it. He'd headed straight to John's classroom, finding the door unlocked, clearly from the cleaners patrolling the halls.
Mycroft's glassy gaze held Greg's own for a moment.
"You  mean the one with Sherlock Holmes in, right?"
"Dr Watson" Sherlock acknowledged, unconsciously slowing his steps to walk in tandem with his teacher.
"Sleep is the last thing on my mind." he insisted, focused and still.
"Gregory." the young man acknowledged him, dark grey circles sagging under his eyelids. "Thank you for knocking." he said sarcastically, turning back to his desk.
"What are you planning on doing when you're stuck up there with fear of coming down?" Sherlock teased.
While John's brain was screaming at him for sleep, his body swayed unintentionally more towards Sherlock's moving figure. "You're going home too I hope? You can't stay here-"
Greg lead him to the door eventually, with a pat on the back and the promise to 'catch up at lunch', John left with a final glance to Sherlock and closed the door behind him.
"Shit," John breathed, hooking his thumb around the head, "You're big...Sherlock."
"Oh, Sherlock" he sighed, his voice softer than usual. Sherlock visibly flinched at the comforting tone coming from his older brother, he knew that the Holmeses had never indulged in emotional bonding, the closest member of the family to be openly emotional would've been his mother, who was no longer with them.
With a flush rising to his cheeks and a vivid memory playing before his now closed eyes, John let out a slightly shaky breath, grinning absurdly and typing back a response.
For once, Sherlock was silent. He scanned John's bookshelves, his walls, even the ceiling, his eyes taking in the intricacies of John's home. "I wasn't under the assumption that there was anything going on in the first place."
"John, I- I wish I were better at this. I'm...sorry"
Sherlock sits quietly until John faces him again.
"Adagio, Sir."
Something in Sherlock clicked. "Wha- Lestrade! Please don't tell me you've been roped into this waste of time trip too?"
you that he spent the majority of his pre-teen years with an addiction to cocaine?"
John remained silent and waited for their drinks to appear in Matthew's hands. And if John felt the brush of the young man's suggestive fingers against his own, he didn't say anything. Because he wasn't interested in hands that weren't calloused from the strings of the violin, or hands without a scar on the knuckle of the left forefinger from where chemicals had been spilled without the care-taking that John had insisted upon. Wasn't even interested in the smile sent his way that John deemed as hollow because it wasn't full of the enigma that Sherlock's lips held.
Greg stood decisively, his feet heading towards the door automatically, he stopped himself, clearing his throat audibly and addressing Mycroft, "Where are we going?"
"I don't understand that brain of yours. I'm sure you understand much more of mine, but...I like you, Sherlock. It's illogical and impractical and
__________________________________________________________________________________
In moments of rare consciousness, he continued to startle at the soft touch of his own fingers to his lips, tracing the lines where John had kissed him and taken everything Sherlock had wanted him to take.
"Come on then," Greg said, decisively, emphasising his statement with a clap of his hands which actually made Mycroft turn for the first time since he had entered the room.
"You're going." John doesn't bother gritting his teeth, he sing-songs his replies, knowing full well that Sherlock would eventually cave in and attend after sulking about it for a couple of days anyway.
The silence continued for a while, which seemed to be customary for the two men these days, Greg was beginning to feel more on edge when there was actual conversation, the reverse of how awkward he felt before when Mycroft wouldn't speak a word to him.
"Who teaches the classes is irrelevant, I don't need to attend a class melting-pot of brainless spotted adolescents who barely understand the difference between a kettle and a toaster." He snapped.
, Sherlock."
"Sherlock-" John's disapproving voice sounded from behind him, getting closer, while Greg stayed behind attempting to convince other students who were gathering round to see what all the fuss was about to return to their sampling.
understand the syllabus, does
They made their way to John's home separately, and Sherlock found himself waiting at least 10 minutes after arriving before he allowed himself to knock on John's front door, his experienced eyes still scanning the surroundings of John's street just in-case. He found nothing out of the ordinary, and was suddenly distracted by the prospect of being alone with John as soon as the man opened his door for him.
"Late night, last night?" Greg smirked at him, leaning cross-armed against the column next to the machine.
"Hmm?"
"Spider-man?" Sherlock frowned.
Missed call (x3) Work
"You can't expect me to stay away now-" he insisted with a confidence suggesting he knew just how to play John Watson.
"Sir, we have news of a sighting at a hotel on the edge of Birmingham matching your brother's description."
"It's not that I don't want you. That's the problem, I do-"
"Sherlock, while I appreciate your concern, this really is inappropriate- "
"Just now." John said and kissed him. "Come on, E.T." John hauled himself out of bed, patting Sherlock's hip and moving towards the bathroom. He closed the door with the sound of a muffled groan, as Sherlock buried his head underneath the pillow.
"Could you get something from my desk?" Mycroft bounced back.
John sighed, "Sherlock-"
"Are you here dissecting animals again?"
"His older brother contacted us, raising his concern over him being distracted in lessons. He said that his brother had become less focused on his examinations lately. Mr Mycroft Holmes believes he is distracted by- a
Consumed by the familiar warmth of a body underneath him, John acted on instinct, pressing his lips against Sherlock's into a deep kiss, his hand fell to the space of mattress at Sherlock's side, before moving to the hem of his t-shirt. He rubbed his thumb at the younger man's hipbone before sliding his hand up and underneath the material, against soft-untouched skin.  John's hands kept moving, his fingertips grasped his young lover's waistband instinctively.
"Wha-Oh, no thank you. I'm fine." he touched his stomach absently, fiddling with one of the shirt buttons that was poking through his jumper. "Actually, I- think I'd better be going, Sherlock. Lovely to meet you, Mrs Hudson- sorry I couldn't stay, I have piles of exam papers to file through." he smiled sheepishly.
She sighed in relief at the end of the interrogation, "Yeah, bye."
The doctor vaguely registered the muted gasp of
"No."
Sherlock glared hard at the wall, wishing not for the first time that his brother didn't exist to drive John away from him..
"Just here will do," Sherlock gestured to the side road, unfastening his seat belt as John pulls up around the corner from his house. "Thank you, Dr Watson."
"And when will you return?"
"I'm sure Mycroft will insist on my return tonight" Sherlock rolled his eyes, his curls falling lopsided by the determined breeze.
Sherlock looked down to the man next to him, confused. "Why?" He gave the teacher a look that said: w
"So have you come to say goodbye to your favourite teacher, is that it? A week and a half left." He leaned over with suggestively raised eyebrows and nudged his shoulder into Sherlock's bony one.
He nodded hesitantly at John's words, lifting himself off of the teacher's lap. "What would you like to do today?" he asked, pulling on a fresh pair of boxer-briefs and walking towards their en-suite.
"John, haven't got all day." Sherlock prompted, water running down his face in streams, hair plastered to his forehead in dark wet curls, droplets falling from his long eyelashes.
"And what was the appearance of these gentlemen?"
"Well. You did save my life, I suppose that grants some sort of an apology" Sherlock was attempting to be sincere, but still somehow managed to make John huff out a laugh, running his calloused hands over his worn-looking face.
"Oh, Sir, I know the answer to this one!"  the shrill voice accompanied with a waving hand in the air echoed from the other end of the bench to him.
"I am clearly not being melodramatic, since you have just been suspended for the second time this month. It is only the 10th."
"Could you stop being so irritating for five minutes?" Sherlock complained, folding his arms.
"How endearing" Sherlock took his first drag and pushed forward off the wall, moving closer to the projection of John's body heat.
John's jaw clenched for a moment. "Then don't-"
Not that Lestrade noticed. He practically skipped away happily, "Good, now that's sorted. I'd better return to I.T. See you later, John. Sherlock- don't forget to email me your statement tonight."
John looked up at his almost-lover with a powerful glare, his head ducked under the doorway of the rear-passenger seats. "Do I look like I'm doing it intentionally? You could at least give me a hand-"
John's immediate thought was the question of how Sherlock's deductions didn't offend him sometimes. Instead he found himself often wondering at the genius of the young man before him, wondering what his technical mental age and capability was, knowing it far exceeded his own and most of the people he knew. "I- yes, correct." John pulled his hands away from his face and startled to feel Sherlock's fingertips coming into contact with the material of his shirt, tracing along the seam uncertainly, clearly uncomfortable with the raw emotion in the room.
"I- how do you do that?" John's cheeks began to fill with colour, his head shaking with confusion at how his student could seemingly read his thoughts with little difficulty.
He noticed Sherlock's breathing becoming lighter, and stroked his hand over the ridiculously smooth warmth of his skin, marvelling at the infallible stretch of white, barely broken in pattern by a stray mole or occasional scar. He felt his pulse in the crease of his elbow, slow and at resting rate, and overall proving Sherlock's vulnerability, his human-ness. So many others, including Sherlock himself, appeared to believe he was something robotic, void of most hindrances such as human emotion.
"It might help you to gain more perspective, who knows?" Greg shrugged.
Mycroft says nothing to him on his return, he'd expected Sherlock to be late and as usual, he was right to predict so.
"How can you see anything in this dark?" John asked, bewildered. He rolled his own sleeves up to the elbow, and then decided against it, yanking his jumper over his head to reveal a pale shirt underneath similar to one that Sherlock owned. He tugged at his own buttons which were beginning to attack his neck, pausing in his ministrations when he looked over to Sherlock.
"There's a key for my desk in my-"
"Okay, yes- I'm not ill- but what-"
In Sherlock's usual seat, there was a mop of dark curls face down in crossed arms on the desk in front of him, the boy's back rising and falling softly with a faint grumbling sound of a snore.
"Yes. I've already said yes"
"Sherlock," she scolded, noticing the puddle on the floor where green liquid had seeped down the side of the bench. "The mess you've made"
"Ex- soldier" John corrected, "And somehow I don't think that would be my wisest decision."
He glared at the white pieces before him as if they had personally offended him, spinning the board around in a fluid movement so the black pieces were on his side.
________________________________________________________________________________
"Always is." Greg pressed his lips together.
"You can rely on Mrs Hudson for full discretion, she would never tell-"
Mycroft turned to address the dishevelled man, only to be met with a soft exhale of "Oh, I-sorry," the man shook his head in what seemed to be confusion, and looked to the floor, then straight back into Mycroft's eyes.
Watching Mycroft Holmes drive was less strange than he'd expected it to be.
"If you hate it that much, why don't you go and have a shave?" John asked, watching him from his own seat.
"I'm not! I mean...I've had experiences...maybe that makes me bisexual. But there's only ever been two serious relationships, they were both women and I-" John panicked, realising just what he was getting himself into by proclaiming these things to his student.  "There's never been anyone like you," he swallowed the lump in his throat.
Sherlock huffed, his breath causing a circle of condensation to form on the cold window, before rapidly shrinking away, diminished by the heat of the room. He nodded.
"Just, as a heads up, I don't know your seating plan, but maybe this is the time for a re-shuffle? His brother seemed quite apprehensive over the matter. As he is one of our more...esteemed guardians, I assured him it would be resolved immediately."
Eventually, Lestrade managed to pull her attention back to the register lists, where they began to herd the students onto the separate coaches. He noticed an absence of a couple of the lists, remembering he'd split them with John that morning.
__________________________________________________________________________________
"John, you can't wear loafers on a hike." Sherlock stated, staring at the teacher's feet with disdain.
"Aren't you hypothetically the British Government by now?"
John was hushed, his eyes downcast still, his fingernails bitten back to stubs and reddened around the edges. "We can't really...be together, like we want to be."
"What is it?" John asked, his hand going to its favourite place, the curls at the nape of Sherlock's neck.
Was buried underneath
"What are you doing?" Sherlock demanded, as he caught John pulling the razor against the shaving foam on his jaw. They had eventually decided to start the rest of the walk home, worn out from the day, heading straight for the bedroom to relax, as John retreated to the bathroom.
"Yes...?"
"I have to go away for a few days." Mycroft said eventually, dusting off invisible lint from his trousers.
John nodded, and Sherlock blinked back at him, before turning his head away and pushing down the door handle, stepping back out into the cold.
John watched in awe as Sherlock untangled the plastic as best as he could, soothing the bird with a low hum in the base of his throat, and checking over his feathers before swinging back up to replace the chick in its home of twigs and sticks.
"Well...yes...maybe- but, not all of them." he scratched at the back of his head. "Dr Watson will be sad to see you go, I'm sure. We talked about you quite a bit when he first took over your class."
"I am aware you previously had a career at Scotland yard. Am I correct in believing you were respectfully released after a long period of depression, causing largely un-authorised absences from work, and triggered by the suicide of your younger sister?"
"What about your brother?!" John asked, his eyes darting about the street from his still open door. "The photos, he's watching us-"
A group of four students made their way over to Greg after a few seconds and Lestrade scanned back over his register again, noticing only one more absence.
Sherlock broke his gaze with a frustrated noise, and John immediately missed the tenderness he'd caught in Sherlock's icy blue eyes. "What?" he chuckled, finally bringing his hand up to Sherlock's face, settling the backs of his fingers against Sherlock's cheek.
Mycroft nodded, and gestured for the other man to follow him through to the sitting room, which seemed surprisingly cosy and lived in. He sat down in the nearest seat and watched Mycroft trail to an out-of-place bar cart shoved into the corner of the room.
They'd just exited Northumberland, before Scottish flags came into view, motorway signs indicating they were approaching the border between England and Scotland.
Mycroft spoke so clinically about the ordeal in a way that made Greg unsure about how to approach the subject. Sherlock had always been vague, as if speaking about the tragedy irritated him. He was beginning to think that in hindsight, it must've been his way of masking the raw and painful emotion that he'd never truly dealt with as a child.
" John reprimanded him.
Sherlock fiddled with the indicator sticks, changing to different light settings until the headlights shone brighter on the words in front. "A-ha!"
"Of course you don't," John looked back at him fondly.
John frowned, trying to recall their full conversation from a couple of weeks ago. "I was under the impression we were speaking hypothetically, Sherlock. Not planning our imminent and daring escape."
John's presence unravelled him, physically and emotionally, he was more relaxed, more open than he'd ever been. In fact, whenever he thought about it, Sherlock didn't recall ever doing more than just existing before John came along.
"Don't worry, I took care of it" Sherlock reassured him, and John startled at the psychic speed he had answered John's thoughts.
John had seen far too much of the real Sherlock Holmes to believe such things to be true.
Lestrade wiped the grit from his boots on the coarse welcome mat and stepped inside the house. It had been too dark from the outside to sense its enormity, but Greg suspected that it was at least a 6 bedroom house as he followed Mycroft into the large hallway.
The official decision had been made that evening by Chief Superintendent Martins to send out double the force of agents that night to the younger Holmes' typically favoured hiding places, turning them upside down in the hopes they would find him amongst one of them.
John raised his eyebrows at the floor and hummed in agreement, dragging his gaze to the water sliding like sheets of lead down the angled panel of glass, forcing down his melancholy and making conversation with Greg about the meeting they were expected to attend that afternoon.
"Mycroft?" John asked with interest, as they approached the end of the corridor.
Sherlock was struck between wanting to watch Dr Watson's calloused fingers brushing rhythmically against his, and watching John's face contort with the effort of concentration, the dent between his eyes defining, the laugh lines around his eyes squinting together, his blue eyes flickering back and forth over Sherlock's pale skin. Sherlock found himself feeling quite breathless when John's lips parted unconsciously.
Sherlock was a
"Still don't know what you see in me if I'm being honest." John stretched back against the headboard, his arms behind his head. "What would a fit young genius like you be doing faffing around with an old stumpy bloke like me?"
"Sherlock..." he managed before Sherlock was kissing him again, unconfident but firm, his hands soft against John's skin, fingers brushing tantalisingly. "Let me take you to bed." John said with a pointed squeeze to his waist.
Mycroft hummed, "And the other?"
Sherlock nodded, his eyebrows raised slightly, eyes still unfocused and hazy, until he blinked and set his full attention on John.
_________________________________________________________________________________
"Sherlock, you can't be serious."
"I know you'd be allowed to, but
After saving Sherlock's contact details, John decided to actually leave the car park, placing his phone on the passenger seat beside him and strapping on his seatbelt. He made it to a second set of traffic lights before checking his phone again.
He moved a rook. "I will find out what you are hiding from me, Sherlock. You know my methods."
John glimpsed at the message as it was sending and realised that Sherlock's message sounded way too blunt and not like John's usual conversational manner at all but he couldn't find himself caring too much in his anxiety. He stood quickly, moving away from the bed with Sherlock still sat on it, lingering by the window.
The kettle had just boiled by the time the doorbell rang. John shook himself out of his daze, biting at the skin around his thumbnail as he reached absently for his keys to unlock the front door.
"Good morning." he said after a short while, pulling back to survey John's equally tired looking face.
"As today is technically my last day of studying Biology."  Sherlock clarified.
Wearing the expression of a deeply conflicted, helpless and repressed man, the doctor placed his mug on the floor, hauling his torso back up to a sitting position. "There's this...person. The one I was telling you about..."
The doctor sighed. "I'm going to try,"
Greg had estimated that Mycroft was at least 5 years his junior, despite the fact that he almost had the entirety of the British continent at his feet.
"Huh?" John shook himself out of his daze, the teachers and assistants were leaning against a farmer's fence, surrounded by students' neglected bags thrown haphazardly onto the long grass.
"Roehampton," she supplied.
"I know you for real," he said softly, his eyebrows furrowing with the intensity of his gaze into Sherlock's hesitant eyes. He pushed Sherlock's curly hair out of his eyes, moving his hand to grasp one of Sherlock's that were hanging uselessly at his side.
Greg remained in silence for a couple of beats before turning his head towards the window, looking out across the back fields of the school, John's gaze followed. And landed on the line of bricked storage shed-houses in the distance, currently being pelted by rain. "Nothing, I just...I saw you two talking"
He pretended not to hear the presence of footsteps on the other side of his locked door half an hour later, resolutely ignoring Mycroft's muted voice by playing his violin loudly next to the doorjamb until he gave up and Sherlock seen the shadow of footsteps pass the line of light under his door, and heard the closing of an office door.
"Slight understatement, John." Sherlock offered from his side of the bed, eyes closed as he tried to wet his dry lips with his tongue.
"No, no-" Greg insisted, his tired eyes trained on the floor. "It's fine, I...No. Haven't heard anything." he smiled weakly, knowing that the majority of the staff room were clearly trying to subtly listen in on the conversation. He still could hardly face sitting in the staff room with these people, couldn't stand seeing Kevin Lynch's smug little face grin at him every time they passed each other in the corridor. The last Greg had heard, they'd given him John's classroom to teach in, since the Biology teacher hadn't been in contact.
"You have no reason to be, you're doing great so far, you even got an A in your mock-"
John barely heard the voice speaking to him as he walked towards Sherlock, just nodded in Greg's general direction and tried to catch his breath. His eyes fell to Sherlock's hands, previously in his pockets or skittering along the splintered wood of the gate in front of him, now hanging loosely at his sides, fingers blocking the light of the setting sun.
Mycroft nodded thoughtfully. "Thank you for your help, Miss Riley, one of my associates will be in touch."
"Yeah?" he growled into John's neck, nipping at his bottom lip, shameless and ridiculously turned on, his hands still gripping onto John's burning skin as they neared their respective climaxes.
John didn't like the way Greg was looking at him.
John's head snapped up.
They curled down the stairs and then scattered once they hit the grass outside, "Tutor formation!" John called after the disappearing heads, moving as far away from the building as they could, reaching the swarms of other students gathered by the green wire fence in loose tutor lines.
They checked in as a Mr Turner and a Mr Brugière, the latter apparently looked like Sherlock but had a heavy French accent which John barely contained his laughter at until it burst out of him the moment they entered the lift. It really was such a shame that the only way Sherlock could manage to shut him up was by kissing him senseless against the mirrored walls of the lift until they reached floor 3 and Sherlock was striding out of the opened doors with their room key dangling from his fingers and a shell-shocked teacher still glued to the wall.
"Mr Holmes-"
John paused, "What do you mean, why?"
"I'm just checking..." his eyes scanned the surroundings of the spaced trees around them, glaring at the shadows until he felt satisfied, and turned back to John, diving in to kiss his lips.
Sherlock bounded off a second later, his head whipping round as if he were a dog being called by his owner. John downed back the rest of his drink and sprinted after him, racing around the corner to find Sherlock half-way up a nearby tree.
him." Sherlock replied, leaping up from his seat at once and gesticulating wildly in front of John's desk where he sat dumfounded.
John slid his hands into his pockets, his exhale turning into a mist of fog from the freezing winter air. He raised his eyebrows, "Sherlock Holmes saying sorry, that's a first." He scuffed his shoe at the floor, refusing eye contact which convinced Sherlock of his previous suspicion, he was angry with him.
__________________________________________________________________________________
We're back! I've missed you lot. Be sure to leave feedback and most of all enjoy!
Greg saw it immediately, however much Mycroft must have been attempting to conceal the emotion in his face, the sadness seeped through. To anyone else it must have looked like he was slightly perturbed, but Greg saw, and he knew. He was
"Bravery is by far the kindest word for stupidity, don't you think?" The suited man continued, his head tilted back, eyes rapidly scanning the ceiling.
"What is?"
"Is that it? Do you have what you need to blackmail some country or other now?"
Greg sighed, running another hand through his hair.
______________________________________________________________________________
"Why?" Sherlock questioned suspiciously.
"Gregory Lestrade, I presume?" He turned to face the teacher, a slight squint to his snake-like eyes and offered a long outstretched hand.
"Do you have many friends in this class?" John asked finally, to which Sherlock's head snapped back around to face him.
"What was that about?" John asked as soon as the last student filtered out, leaving Sherlock who was packing his equipment away purposefully slowly.
Sherlock crashes that night, he lies on the floor for 5 hours until his back is stiff and thinks, thinks,
"Do you trust Doctor Watson?" Mycroft Holmes asked suddenly, folding his knife over his fork and pushing them to the side of his empty plate.
Sherlock felt the coldness of the metal seep through to the skin of his back as John pressed him against the car one more time, hands strong and sure, yet managing to be careful, caressing. Sherlock never thought he would get so much enjoyment from running his fingers through the layers of John's thick hair, but couldn't seem to stop himself.
In other words, Sherlock was in the clear, although very heavily lectured by Lestrade, and various other members of staff in weekly assemblies of the importance of the adequate execution of fire drills. Naturally, Sherlock proceeded to dismiss everything he was told by the figure that he had worked out of the un-likeliness of this event to happen again. (
Eleven minutes later, Sherlock's stomach rumbles, which annoys him. "Shut up"
Mycroft's agents were on red alert. After searching the premises of the Holmes' estate four times over and finding little evidence to suggest that Mr Holmes' brother had returned home had begun to make the panic set in.
"You think I don't know that?" Mycroft demanded icily.
Sherlock paused at the stairwell closest to the chemistry labs, knowing that John would cut through the staff room to leave the building.
Sherlock stumbled backwards slightly on his own feet, his chest rising and falling rapidly. "John?" he rasped.
"Oh no, have I interrupted a romantic rendezvous?" Sebastian's green eyes stared back at Sherlock with unwavering icy threat.
"Of course, I won't be saying goodbye to you."  Sherlock cleared his throat.
Sherlock appreciated the silence, if anything. Appreciated the weight of John's calloused palm against his own, the hush of the forest save for the occasional flutter or chirp of the birds hidden somewhere in the trees. It still felt unfathomable to him that they were there, free from the confines of those four walls of John's lab, the entire building felt like a faded nightmare that was beginning to drift from memory upon awakening.
Sherlock killed the engine and pulled at the handbrake. "Give me your phone", he held out his hand towards John with an expectant eyebrow raised.
"What- Sherlock. I can't just leave, neither can you! You have exams, your lessons, your whole future,"
They'd entered another room, it was small and more homely, decorated with armchairs, lamps, sofas, small statuettes,  and paintings on the wall.
John sighed, leaning back in his chair with his hands behind his head, "God knows i'm trying..."
"It's my fault. I shouldn't have come."
"What? Who?" Greg demanded.
"I'd never thought of you as a romantic, John." Sherlock's amused voice filtered into the doctor's consciousness.
How easy would it be to take those hands into his own? To thread his fingers through the suited man's and tug him away from all of this. Take him somewhere new, anywhere, anywhere he wanted.
"It's not every-day, Mycroft, stop being so melodramatic" Sherlock taps the ash onto the floor and kicks it with the toe of his shoe.
John slid his palm across his face in a familiar action, as Sherlock rose to his feet, closing the distance between them and taking in the emotion from John's face up-close. Here he could see the quiver in his eyebrow; the moisture of his eyes, the shine on his lips.
Molly smiled at him, still chewing on her first bite of her sandwich, "How are you doing, Greg?"
"Oh no, you're still an idiot."  Sherlock reassured him.
John watched him as he slowly thumbed open the lock screen to be met with notifications of his own. "4 Missed calls, Sixth form." he read aloud in his baritone voice. "Text. From...Lestrade?" he frowned in confusion, until the lines quickly disappeared from his face in realisation. "Must have accessed my file from the school database."
"I do feel."
"Good, I knew you'd have no problems with the questions." he nodded, emptying a miniature carton of milk into his own drink, and reaching for a plastic spoon to stir. "So- that's it, you're nearly all done?" he looked up at Sherlock under his eyelashes.
"You're not falling asleep, are you?" John asked, watching Sherlock's silent form, side profile glowing in the lamp-light, steepled hands under his chin as he lay still naked in the bed. John had returned with two tall glasses of water and a wet face-cloth, which landed on Sherlock's stomach with a slap and a hiss at the cold fabric. They'd managed to clean up quite quickly, cracking open a window to release some heat from the room and immediately returning to each other under the duvet.
His eyes softened with Sherlock's gaze upon him, and he gestured for him to join him on the sofa. The lanky teen hauled himself up and deposited himself at John's side, pleased at how the teacher's arm automatically fell across his shoulders, pulling him closer to his body.
"You better watch what you are making assumptions about- those are serious allegations to make." The fire in John's voice was evident, and Sherlock's body shivered involuntarily, still concealing himself behind the wood of the door.
"Don't be stupid, John." he replied, watching a flicker of hurt cross John's face. "I'm the one who should be thanking you."
He passed Sherlock at the end, sliding his paper onto his desk where his long fingers were taking his pen apart, piece by piece.
He was just jotting down notes from his observations of the breaking down of chemical compounds when the cleaner entered, propping the door open with her mop. The petite old woman was startled to see Sherlock, a silent and unmoving presence in the dimly lighted room, but her eyes lit up with recognition when Sherlock lifted his head.
"Hi, Sherlock" Dr Watson called out, chequered shirt tucked under thick oatmeal jumper and a sandalwood coloured satchel slung over his right shoulder, bulging with textbooks and ungraded papers.
"Sorry," John smiles at him, "I won't talk-"
"Hello, again."
"I said no. That's final." John stood from the bed, moving in front of Sherlock to ensure he wasn't ignored.
"You are not dead, you drama queen. Shush." the teacher replied, brushing a kiss over the younger man's forehead as he passed his sprawled out form on the armchair.
Rubbing his hands together to keep the rapidly dissipating warmth in, he aimed to look casual as he walked in the same general direction Sherlock had, if only to check up on his wellbeing.
________________________________________________________________________________
" he muttered to himself,
"He looks about early 20s, same as me- " She shook her head. "Gosh, when I was eighteen I still looked thirteen."
"What does it say?" John crowded closer to his shoulder to see the screen and began reading the text aloud.
The doctor frowned, "I hope you know that's not my intention."
Mycroft held his gaze for a long moment, his eyes falling to the hawk ended umbrella that the teacher was holding out to him in earnest. The confidence in his stance reassured Mycroft, made him wonder.
Sherlock found himself wondering how long he could run for this time around.
"You're in there, mate" Greg laughed again, pushing his empty glass to the inside edge of the bar. "Feel free to catch up with me tomorrow if you wanna cut this short for any reason" he teased.
"After what?" Greg asked, shifting in his seat so he could reach a hand over to Mycroft's arm. He curled his fingers around his bare forearm, hoping that it came across as supportive. He stared at the man's closed eyes, wishing he could ease his suffering in some way. "After what, Mycroft?"
They'd eaten dinner absently, picking at their plates that a member of Mycroft's staff had brought in on a trolley. Greg had expected silver dishes with lids, ridiculously fragile crockery, and five different types and sizes of spoons; but was surprised to see a simple chicken dish with vegetables and chips, the latter of which he'd happily wolfed down.
Sherlock was quiet for a moment, his eyes focused on John's. "Escape."
Dr Watson barely managed a confused 'huh' noise in reaction before Sherlock was crowding back around him, marching straight up to his desk.
Sherlock grins and shoves his phone down as far into his deep pocket as it will go, returning to picking the lock of the laboratory door.
Sherlock scowled immediately, all emotion draining from his face, wiping a stray tear from his cheek, as all emotion magically disappeared from his face, the hard and analytical expression of typical Sherlock Holmes returning.
The tension in the air was thick as Sherlock returned to the front bench of the classroom, sliding backwards onto the table and letting his long legs dangle out in front, leaning back on his arms.
Greg knew he was inexplicably drawn to the man, he became flustered like an old woman whenever Mycroft so much as looked at him, for God's sake. Being unsure of where his attraction stemmed from made it more difficult for him to stop himself from reacting the way he did.  Truth be told, he was impressed, he hadn't felt an attraction to a man since that fleeting phase in university, since then it had been women all the way. Who knew what it was that made Mycroft Holmes so appealing to him, with a glance back down to his phone as a reminder of their discussion, Greg knew he was soon to find out.
"Then don't," Sherlock insisted immediately, reaching for the fabric of John's jumper, his fingers landing on the strip of buttons down the centre. "Leave with me, John-"
"Shouldn't you be revising, Sherlock?" she asked one Thursday afternoon, catching sight of a crumpled neon yellow page atop the pile in the rubbish bin. Sherlock had been ripping them from the walls whenever she was near and either hiding or discarding them, in the hopes that she wouldn't scold him for not studying.
"You'll stay?" John almost kicked himself at how pathetically hopeful he sounded.
John knew he was being too optimistic by convincing himself that Sherlock would actually attend the biology trip. He shook his head at Greg who was mouthing at him from across the car park, the bustle of students' chatter muting communication.
"Plus you still have a forensics exam left to do- there is no way I'm letting you skip an entir-"
John sighed and pocketed the device, bringing his attention back to Sherlock who was staring intently at the phone in his pocket. "Family member, estranged although trying to gain contact, from the observation of ignorance from your side you are not as interested as the featured party. So, rivalry there, statistically less likely to be parents due to your age-"
"I don't want to sit down,
"I know the syllabus like the back of my hand"
"Of course it's growing on you, that is usually how facial hair works, John." Sherlock teased, turning to exit the en-suite, being met with the sharp snap of John's towel on his behind and a following yelp of surprise.
"Glad?!" John repeated incredulously. "Sherlock Holmes is capable of emotion?"
Sherlock distracts himself from counting each individual square tile on the ceiling (56 and counting) and interrupts. "This is really of the most unnecessary-"
John stood in front of the car, gazing up at the thatched roof of the cottage, the ornate swirls on the surface of the glass, framed by heavy wooden shutters as if from Victorian ages. He was surprised by the quiet, the only interrupting sound was the flow of water, clearly from a nearby river, and the crunch of Sherlock's shoes moving around behind him. A hand appeared on his hip.
"Yeah," John noticed his expression, raising his own eyebrows. "I know, he wasn't exactly popular with one of our openly gay trainee staff members when he started, Darrel Jacobs. Not sure if you'd remember him, he was quite dishy actually." John mused. "Though on reflection, not really my type."
Greg stared at the ring of un-dissolved sugar plastered to the bottom of his mug, swirling around the dregs of liquid. Their conversation had slowed to a halt after Greg's failed attempt to get Mycroft to open up. As predicted, the man sat across from him with a familiar frown adorning his face, staring hard at Greg as if he were attempting to solve the world's longest maths equation.
"Hello, Gregory. I trust you are getting along famously with my assistants assigned to you?"
"Lestrade is being an idiot." He stated, walking swiftly past John and towards the pile of bags, to which he dug out his satchel that sat primly against the fence near Miss Hooper's tiny feet.
"Afghanistan or Iraq?" Sherlock asked suddenly.
"Oh- Are there more teachers chaperoning? The tall one, over there...in the suit? Who is he?" her voice raised slightly, her hand coming up to her neck.
"It's better to be safe than sorry, I want to know I'm doing my job properly by making sure you understand the syllabus requirements."
"What?" Lestrade asked, speaking around mouth full of food, reclined back in his chair.
Sherlock hadn't even gotten both feet through the door before deducing where his brother had been.
"How do you define the nature of these then?" Mycroft gestured to the mound of ripped photographic paper segments splayed across the table.
"Mr Holmes," John started, "Sit down please"
"Sherlock" he replied, "Didn't you have an exam today?"
guy?"
John blinked at him, surprised at the comfort he felt with having Sherlock so close. Simultaneously appalled with himself for letting himself feel like this with a
John let out a puff of air, "Wow, feels like centuries," he laughed. "Not long actually, I came here after being relieved from military duty so- a couple of years ago I trained to teach."
Despite the darkness, the light of the moon was luminescent, casting a backlit glow over Sherlock's features. The buzz of the radio faded from his consciousness as his eyes traced the tendons in Sherlock's outstretched forearm, the knuckles of his large hand taut against the wheel. The car slowed to a momentary halt as Sherlock squinted at poorly lit road signs, biting at his bottom lip in concentration, and John stared at the shine of his raven black hair, the straight line of his nose, the extraordinary length of his dark lashes.
They arrived home drenched through to their skins. The slowness of their pace as Sherlock helped John stumble home, combined with the sudden opening of the heavens once they reached the lip of the forest, made for an extremely soggy walk back to the cottage.
"Sherlock-"
John shook his head and carried on walking, only noticing Sherlock's absence when he realised only the sound of his own footsteps now hit the ground. He turned to see him  lighting a cigarette against the wall.
Thanks for being patient with updates guys. As always I hope you enjoyed this chapter. I apologise for the delay, life has been hellish and hectic. Besides that, what did you all think of The Six Thatchers? Can't believe we finally have new content!
Mycroft scrawled down the information. "Interesting."
"Yes," Sherlock gasped, his voice barely above a growl, deep with arousal.
Before he could stop himself, John's consciousness was suddenly infused with facets of Sherlock Holmes. Flashes of dark curls and pale skin, long fingers and strong cheekbones.
"I know." Sherlock's baritone replied, and his face came into view briefly before he was leaning in to kiss the corner of John's mouth.
Sherlock found his eyes wandering to the painting of a portrait of their parents above Mycroft's desk that he was almost always automatically drawn to. He scoffed.
__________________________________________________________________________________
Greg pushed away his distraction at hearing his name again, facing the young substitute teacher and nodding around a sip of his tea. "I'm good. Yeah. Rushed off my feet, but no change there." he smiled back politely.
Eventually,  John awoke to the calloused skin of Sherlock's hands tracing his own, and revelled in the opportunity to feel those long and delicate fingers dancing across his own scars.
Anger rose to his chest at being disturbed, nevertheless he turned to be met with the face of Lestrade.  "What?"
"Me either" he laughed, rubbing his eyes and falling onto the bed next to him. "I just thought...you know."
"Sherlock?" he mumbled against the skin of Sherlock's cheek, his palm skittering along the young man's chest.
With the final decision of breaking back into the school and spending the day in the chemistry lab he packs his coat pockets full of some of his best test-tubes, not intent on making do with the chipped school-provided ones; and leaves through the back door.
Sherlock flashed an empty glare at him. "I was trying to give you the opportunity to share your opinions on the man."
John scowled back at the young man, "Rational thinking? What do you expect me to do? Sit back and hope that this is all just coincidental?"
"Lestrade said you were ill, which I deduced was an obviously false excuse, no indication of initiation to first stages of illness in days previous, body temperature normal, pallor of skin usual, no further indications of weakness, fatigue, or dizziness- "
There was a fragile silence that spread between the two men, the fading sound of rainfall becoming a faint background noise. Silently, Sherlock walked John backwards a few steps to a large chopped tree trunk big enough for two, and sat down next to him on it.
"You knew that when we agreed to leave together." Sherlock said cautiously.
Sherlock was quiet for a moment, tapping away on his phone until Greg calls his name again.
Mycroft's laugh echoed around the dripping emptiness of the underground space. "Ah yes, the bravery of the
Sherlock scowled at him and pushed open the closest window, observing the people milling around on the concrete outside, as the remains of last night's bout of snow had settled in the corners and some surfaces. Sherlock supposed that they were about to do something completely mundane like start a
John frowned down at the key, patting his now empty pocket.
"You're doing better than you think you are." He blinked, staring up at Sherlock with something akin to adoration across his features.
John frowned, aware of Sherlock's eyes still boring into his face from the other side of the bed.
Mycroft's voice was insistent yet calm, almost droning, and try as he might, Sherlock couldn't detect any significant background noise indicating clues to his location, or the situation of supposed danger that his brother had found himself in. He deleted the message, as was the agreed protocol for any messages between them, considering Mycroft's government position, which sometimes put him in an ironic position of threat from angered officials of the EU or distant criminals of war, sometimes even assassin level attackers.
"Don't-" He starts, sliding his hand out of Sherlock's. "Just...Don't. I don't know what this is between us but-"
"My brother isn't watching us anymore," Sherlock stated impatiently, forcing himself back through the doorway and past a gobsmacked John. "Do shut the door, John, it's freezing out there."
Lestrade laughed suddenly, a legitimate smile spreading across his face.
John put his hands on his hips in defeat for a moment, "You know what, I think we need a break for now anyway." He walked straight over to his bag and pulled out a litre bottle of water, uncapping the bottle and wetting his tongue that was dry from talking.
"What are you doing on a Biology trip?"
"Fucking hel- oh-" he hissed, almost falling backwards off his wheeled chair in surprise at the interruption of the quiet. His eyes swung back to the figure in the doorway, partially blocking out the light from the corridor with its height. The man's head fell just below the top of the door-way.
"Sevens and Eights mostly." she responded meekly, offering a small smile and sitting straighter in her uncomfortable chair. She pulled off the lid of her plastic lunchbox, taking out a small, crust-less cucumber sandwich, cut into a neat and precise triangle, taking a small bite from the corner.
Sherlock didn't dare to move over to him, suddenly hyperaware of the amount of distance usually deemed acceptable between students and teachers. He counted the fake tiles of the floor, telling himself to stay at least a length of 5 between them.
"I'm beginning to realise that, Sherlock, but-" he sighed. "I just don't think it's really the right time to be waltzing off into the sunset."
John turned his attention to his own cock, one hand on Sherlock's thigh, only to be slapped away and replaced with Sherlock's tight grasp. The young man pumped him firmly until John gasped and grunted, his release dripping down over Sherlock's long pale fingers.
After a few minutes, their conversation came to a gradual halt, and the young girl began packing her things back into a purple shoulder bag.
"But there was always something extraordinary about you I could never put my finger on, something that captured my attention immediately. I'm afraid you haven't lost it since."
Within ten minutes they were in the middle of nowhere, buried in the forest under canopies of trees, whose leaves were only just holding in the majority of harsh rainfall from the ground underneath.
was when I was with you." he admitted, feeling Sherlock's fingertips at his wrist. "It makes all of this worthwhile. The secrecy, the running away, the potential of losing my bloody job. I'd do it all again in a heartbeat."
Greg circled the liquid in his glass around momentarily, watching the froth move around. "How come?"
"Where is your car now?" Sherlock asked after a moment's silence, staring at John's exposed throat and the bob of his adam's apple as his head hung back over the edge of his chair, feet up on his desk.
"Oh, yes" she laughed again, a high tinkling sound. "Thank you, dear. You know how I can't bend down when my hip gets bad like this" she speaks to herself, tapping her hip and moving around with the cleaning solution again.
Sherlock watched John turn to him in a gesture of familiarity, suddenly picturing their usual routine of 'hello' glances that spoke with so much hidden desire unable to be physically expressed.
John picked absently at a thread on the sleeve of his navy jumper, already having loosened the tie around his throat and unbuttoned his collar. He spotted his car parked in his usual spot and headed over towards it, shoes crunching loudly on the gravel.
John looked over to him. "My classroom is one of the ones that has been restricted from the fire." He frowned, his eyes flickering to the right quickly as if he had no choice but to remember that day.
"Which photographs?!" Sherlock exclaimed loudly.
After no texts or calls, or strange methods of communication such as ridiculously posh cars pulling up outside his house, or notes suddenly appearing on his fridge signed with the letter 'M', Greg had decided to take matters into his own hands, calling a cab and sitting cross-armed in the back in some sort of petulant sulk until the car pulled up to the white pillared apartment. He tried not to raise his eyebrows at the fee as he handed the money over to the cabbie, accepting his change, and stepping foot onto the pavement outside the lofty black front door.
"Show me." he demanded, following the young assistant out of the office, leaving Greg seated by his desk, inexplicably frozen.
"And the new tablets I gave you? Are they working?" he asked impatiently, moving out of the way when she waved her hands at him, pushing at his feet with her broom.
_________________________________________________________________________________
"Maybe the lodge at reception would have something for it?" Molly interrupted, her voice small.
He was just about to apologise again when Mycroft headed for the roundabout, getting off at the third exit, the complete opposite direction to his neighbourhood. "Mycroft, it's too late to be driving all the way back into Belgravia, and you must be knackered. Just drop me home, I don't mind-"
"Aren't you going to give me a tour?" Sherlock asked from where he was sprawled out along John's huge fabric sofa.
He'd expected a text from Mycroft anytime soon, who probably knew Sherlock's thoughts from across the stupid wide world
He chuckled under his breath, shrugging his coat on and reaching for the last custard cream on the trolley, shoving it carelessly into his mouth. "Alright, clever clogs." he said around crumbs, moving towards Mycroft and the door.
"Okay." John smiled, leaning forward slowly and pressing a kiss to Sherlock's pliant lips, their entire bodies flush against each other. He slid his tongue in almost immediately, letting it rub against Sherlock's in a way it never had before, pulling a gasp from the younger man. John hummed, his hand gripping Sherlock's hip, Sherlock's hands on his chest.
"Bored, as usual. " He grimaced, wincing as he sliced his thumb on a sharp crack of cement and dark red liquid dropped onto the stark grey pavement at his feet. John tutted slightly but rushed forward to help and examine the cut.
"Sherlock-" he gasped, dragging his eyes away from the stunning sight back to Sherlock's contented face, tinged slightly with the gorgeous sunlight. He had his hands folded together, a leather-strapped watch peeking out from under the cuff of his sleeve, staring at him with eyes that promised him anything, everything. John wanted to put his hands on Sherlock's chest, dance in slow motion on the edge of the world, or at least on the edge of this balcony. "It's gorgeous."
"And God, Sherlock, I- I want you, I want you all the time-"
John felt as though someone had filled his shoes with lead, stood unmoving as if Sherlock had pinned him straight to the spot with just one look. "I'm sorry," John said quietly, knowing the world wasn't there to listen. "About the bird"
Sherlock watched John signal to him with his eyes to follow him to the corridor, and deposited his biscuits on the counter next to Mrs Hudson, sending a wink her way and rushing out with his long legs, hearing her soft chuckle behind him.
"Someone needed to tell you the truth, Doctor Watson," he replied in his most innocent voice, which only came across as fake and desperate to John. "You know where to find me, if you change your mind-" he looked over his shoulder to the teacher with a sway of his hips as he exited the room, closing the door behind him with a salacious wink.
"We spent a great deal of time in Scotland as children, there's no other place than there he knows like the back of his hand, apart from London."
John breathed out, the cold air making it appear as a tunnel of smoke. "That's the problem." He looked down to their hands, their little fingers overlapping.
If there was a window in their room, it would have been drenched with steam from the heat emanating from the two bodies. A voice in the back of John's head was screaming at him,
"I did." Sherlock said against John's lips. He hooked a leg over John's hip, their groins slotting against each other.
But he'd promised Mummy.
and avoiding Sherlock's gaze.
Before he could answer, John appeared in the doorway, a polite and apologetic smile on his face for interrupting. When his eyes landed on Sherlock, however, the worry appeared instantaneously. "Hi Greg, erm, Sherlock- are you okay?"
Anderson had been praised by John three times already that lesson, and Sherlock had hated every minute of it.
"Settling in alright then?" Stamford asked. He sat in his usual dipped chair that had held his weight for several years, in the almost empty staffroom.
He realised his hand had slid from Sherlock's thigh to the centre-console, just on the edge of his own seat, and lay limp. "What time is it?" He rubbed at his eyes, only just realising that Sherlock had pulled his hand away from his neck and that the car had stopped moving. "Where are we?"
"I see I couldn't convince you with a display of emotion, which is unfortunately the most predictably successful method of gaining answers or consent from people in today's idiotic society. That is fine. I will simply be forced to forge your signature on the permission form." Sherlock glared at Lestrade, rising from his seat and moving to the doorway.
Sherlock slammed his phone down in anger, chipping the corner of the metal casing in the process.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow, looking down at the pedals at his feet. "You would assume that."
Mycroft stood, his slim form casting a shadow on the wall. "Believe it or not, Gregory, I do have other pre-occupations than spending my life running after my juvenile little brother."
"No, keep seated please, we can't afford you getting disorientated and passing out." his paramedic pushed him down again, and John eyed the lines of equipment in clear trays and boxes along the wall of the ambulance, distracting himself with the sight of syringes and valves stuffed into transparent packaging.
"Shit, Mycroft- I'm so sorry. Just drop me home and I'll get a taxi back to Belgravia."
"I came to pick up my textbook." the monotone greeted him, and the height of the young man wound around the bench to the side tables, lifted a large book from the surface and paused.
. John wished he were a better actor as he felt his face drop. "Oh?"
"Highly unlikely, the statistical likelihood of death from fr-"
"How do you so consistently manage to make me feel like the luckiest man in the world?" John uttered, breaking the quiet of their combined breathing patterns and reaching a palm out to Sherlock's sternum, letting his forefinger draw a line down the centre of his torso until it fell to the pronounced V of his hips.
"He's left false trails of breadcrumbs leading to Brighton, Devon, and Manchester. It's taken weeks for my operatives to work out, many of the leads we had were false."
"Really, Sherlock, what did you expect, that I'd just sit by and let you embarras-"
"Sherlock!?" John's voice drifted back in, Sherlock opened his eyes to register that the doctor was now stood right in front of him, the assortment of boulders blurred in the background. "Sherlock- are you okay? What just happened?"
"Do you really?" he asked after a second, pulling back to get another glimpse of John Watson's teary eyes.
He thumbed over a text from his personal trainer, heading for the reply button as the phone screen lit up in his hands: Unknown Caller. He hesitated, sitting down on the side of the bed as he pressed accept on the call.
John cleared his throat, tipping his head to Sherlock as he came to face himself in an ornate silver hand-mirror, propped against a doll. "To be honest, I could do with a shave myself." He stroked a hand against the hair appearing on his chin and throat, frowning at the pull he felt against his fingertips.
"About you" Sherlock added with the toss of a sharp stone skittering against the gravel, the words ripping open the silence and knocking John's breath from his chest in the process.
, you are coming, Sherlock. If I have to drag you there myself."
"He's playing with your mind, can't you
John felt instinctive adrenaline pulsing through him at the threatening tone to Mycroft's voice, his body readying itself for battle. "He comes to do his work in my classroom every Wednesday morning, which I have consented to, as otherwise he would simply perform chemical experiments in the corridor."
"You're coming," Lestrade forced. "It's compulsory for A2 Biology students, otherwise you won't even get an A-level."
Sherlock hummed with disapproval. "I seem to have acquired a feeder."
Instead, Sherlock now got to watch as the man he treasured blinked himself awake, sleepy and naked, in the bed next to him. He got to kiss the morning smile off his face, got to thread his fingers through the short hair at the back of his neck, the ones he would stare at as John turned to write equations on the whiteboard once upon a time.
So when Dr John Watson introduced himself to the class, first thing on a Friday morning, weather raging outside the shut wall of windows, needless to say Sherlock was surprised.
John apologised hesitantly, berating himself internally, and Sherlock responded with the tiniest of sad smiles, but John thinks that it's progress. They returned to comfortable silence.
"Us?"
"Sorry?"
He tried to steady himself, feeling like his head was spinning and crashing into unknown locations. Before he knew it, he was being pulled against John's solid chest, the wetness of sopping cloth not deterring Sherlock from pressing his face into his lover's shoulder.
"Psh, please. Mycroft is an idiot, he'd never get away with it. I wouldn't let him."
Whilst Mycroft had excused himself as politely as possible to approach the head-teacher, Greg and John were left in silent apprehension, "Well, that was interesting," John said at last. "I felt like he was trying to read my thoughts or something."
"I'm sure as soon as we stepped out of the door, it began to rain harder." Sherlock complained half-heartedly from beside John, their hands locked between them.
Greg stared at the back of Mycroft's head, he hadn't turned when he spoke, hadn't even acknowledged him entering the room.
Mycroft Holmes nodded, his eyes scanning Greg's body, recognising a new pair of jeans, rolled at the ankle to reveal navy socks obviously given to him by his worrisome and sentimental mother who was currently going through a particularly bad bout of arthritis. He halted his deductions, blinking at the ex-inspector and clearing his throat. "This way."
"I mean- one minute he's ripping the shit out of you, telling you this and that about everyone you've ever known and-" Greg paused, taking a swig of his water and gesticulating in wonder "- how both your brother's neighbours are drug addicts and your girlfriend has cheated on you twice this month, and the next he's running off like Indiana Jones on an adventure and saving the life of a fucking dying animal!"
__________________________________________________________________________________
Sherlock turned to him, sensing that John was attempting to draw his attention.
"Couldn't I?" Sherlock challenged.
Sherlock winced, still nibbling on his first biscuit as John started on his third.
Barely 30 seconds had passed since he'd lit up when he heard the footsteps behind him.  "John?"
"Let's go"
"How is your biology class now that you have driven away Mrs Jacobsen?"
At John's insistence, Sherlock took a taxi home, finding the time useful to reflect upon the past few hours, marvelling at the magnificence of London that flew by in a whirlwind of lights and people.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Fine,"
After all the interference over the past few days, Greg had thought ahead of time to cancel any plans he had made for that Thursday morning and afternoon, knowing that Mycroft would only cancel them for him anyway.
The truth was, Sherlock couldn't handle the way he knew he felt for John. In certain parts of his brain, it felt wrong. Not because of the situation they'd found themselves in, but because of how he had always dealt with emotions threatening to creep in over the horizon. The Holmes household had been a difficult one to grow up in, and Sherlock had never truly been or felt like a child. Being emotional was discouraged and frequently seen as a weakness, especially to his father, it was drilled into him so often that when anything other than logic and reason threatened to seep in, Sherlock immediately panicked until he learnt how to block it out.
"I wouldn't mind certain degrees of chaos." Sherlock replied after a moment, touching his index finger to the knuckles of John's outstretched hand.
John frowned at him, "What?
Two days later, John stared blearily at the bottom of his empty cup, sliding around the remaining sugary contents of his tea.
"Let's go on an adventure." John's entire body was a-light, his face that of a 12 year old boy scout being faced with the prospect of new discoveries with fellow friends and freedom away from overbearing parents.
Greg felt the words like the sting of a cold razor against his face, like nails on a chalkboard, scratching slowly and painfully ringing in his ears. "Mr Holmes." he gritted his teeth. "With all due respect, I know you're a man of a certain level of power, but if you think you can just walk in here an-"
