Sherlock shakes his head, a small smile twisting his lips. “In a manner of speaking.” He shifts closer to John in the water and reaches out to rest his hand on John’s bad shoulder, giving it a bit of a squeeze. “How’s your shoulder?” he asks.
lovely, he wants to know? Iris, of course, but Sherlock was in the picture, too, wasn’t he, and he wonders – his lips twist for a moment and he’s thinking about how to reply when a text comes again.
“But I agreed to the price,” Sherlock says. “I won’t do anything to risk your life.”
Greg smiles at him, and the corners of his eyes crinkle. “That’s not true,” he says. “You’re John Watson, after all.”
Just for a moment, John is bent over him, and Sherlock doesn’t breathe, he can’t, and he’s sure John can hear the way his heart is pounding in his chest, and he is relieved that his eyes are closed, that he doesn’t have to see John right now because he
“Oh, you have such faith in him!” Moriarty says. He claps his hands in delight. “It’s too much, it really is. But we do have something in common, John. Can I call you John? Don’t bother answering; I don’t really care what you think. Anyway,
echoes through his mind and he swallows hard, trying to push the memory away and focus on the present. He throws the duvet off of him and gets to his feet, ignoring the dizziness sweeping over him and the pounding of his heart beneath his rib cage, and crosses the room in a few harried strides to pull open the door to the loo so strongly it bangs against the wall. The loo, like the bedroom, is empty.
Sherlock shakes his head frantically, breath still fast. John wonders if Sherlock’s about to have a panic attack and he wishes the stupid git would just sit
“Some wine?” he asks.
“What’s this?” he asks.
“In you go, then,” she says, holding the door open and gesturing John inside.
“Obviously,” Sherlock says sharply.
It hits him, what all of this means. What it means for
“Sherlock, it was just a dream. There’s no belt in his pocket.”
But then, he blinks in confusion, because somehow, he’s entered the building, even though he’s made no conscious decision to do so.
John smiles. “It means I love you,” he says, and Sherlock swallows, feels his heartbeat lodge somewhere in his throat, feels frozen in time. “It means I want to be with you. If you’d like.”
“In a manner of speaking.  A bit higher level, but yes,” he says.
“John,” Sherlock pants, “John, please.” This is exquisite, more intense than he could have ever imagined. Nothing exists in this moment except John, and he’s overcome by how indescribably
Ahead of them is a strange misty area, a mixture of black and green in the bleak greyness that surrounds them.  It looks almost like the fog rising off a pond.  The smell is coming from there, and John feels cold creeping over his body.  The girl looks up at him, beaming.  “That way!” she says.  She runs forward and tugs on his hand.  He stumbles after her for a moment, but stops, pulling her back.
John’s brow furrows. “How’d you know that, about the cleaning charms?” he asks.
“Let’s change you, Love, hmm?” John murmurs to Iris. Her only reply is to scream more, and John winces and sends Sherlock an apologetic smile before he heads up the stairs.
“Of course not,” Sherlock says dismissively. “Why would you have?”
“And that’s why you bought my favorite jam? Because you’re selfish?” John asks, gesturing towards the cabinet.
matter. It does. You’re hurt. Sit down.” His voice cracks, and he swallows. “Just – sit,
Sherlock is distracted by how red John’s lips are, by how swollen they are, by the flush on his cheeks. He can’t stop focusing on John’s body against his, John’s chest, John’s thighs,
“I’m a spiritual being; I won’t die of natural causes. I won’t be grey and old. Therefore, neither will you. You wished to stay with me until something impossible happens. We have eternity, quite literally, thanks to your wish.”
“I think we’ll put him away for a little while,” Daddy says. “Besides, Uncle Augustus needs to fix him up, doesn't he? We’ll put him away until then.”
“Fine,” John croaks.
“Oh Christ,” John says.  “Already?”
And in that moment, his hands in the air, the helicopter roaring in his ears, a dead body at his feet – dead by
“And how was it?” John asks. He’s smiling.
“Comment on my state of mind, or whatever it is you’ve figured out since you came in the room,” John says.
“Then what do you mean, there’s no sense in explaining where we’re going?” John asks. When no answer is forthcoming, he continues. “I don’t have the patience for this right now; it’s been an absolute rubbish day from the moment I saw that stupid head in the fridge until now.”
“Mycroft said that, too,” John says.
“Take it easy, I’m not trying to take the piss or anything,” John says, taking a sip of his tea. “I’m just curious.”
“John,” Sherlock says sharply. “There are no coincidences in this world; the universe is rarely so lazy. There is only the inevitable.”
And it’s true; since he’d gotten him the week before, Redbeard has scarcely left John’s collar or wrist. At first, it was strange and a bit annoying, but John’s growing accustomed to it now (though he’s hesitant to admit it).
John hesitates, then brings his free hand up again, strokes his thumb over Sherlock’s cheekbone once more. “Is this really alright?” he asks, voice quiet.
“So, have you had many clients lately?” Mary asks Sherlock after a lull in conversation. She turns to face him with a warm smile, her hands cupped around her mug of chai tea.
“Fuck, Sherlock,” John gasps. “So good, so good, like that,” he babbles. He kisses him again, clumsily, kisses his jaw, his cheekbone. They’re both thrusting and moaning and gasping and it’s messy and clumsy, but it’s perfect. One of Sherlock’s hands clutches John’s back, fingers pressing hard into John’s shoulder, and the other is wrapped around his cock, and John tangles his fingers into Sherlock’s hair, kisses him again, cherishes the feeling of closeness.
worse, than if he’d angrily told John to listen to him next time, and John feels exposed under Sherlock’s watch. “I was so alone before I met you,” John tells him, his voice wavering. He doesn’t know why he’s telling him this now, and he stops and takes a deep breath, gathering resolve to continue. “For some reason, when you were gone, you seemed so far away again; it didn’t seem like I had any other choice. It seemed like he was all that was left for me. I don’t think I even realized the choice I was making.”
“Obviously,” Sherlock says. He intends for it to be biting, but it’s breathy instead. John grins, and then they’re laughing again, and then they’re kissing
“What kind of price?” he asks skeptically.
Sherlock shrugs. “Don’t be dull, John. Not everything. I’m not sure why you seem so upset, anyway. She seemed quite happy and got on well with Billy. After the initial conversation, we had such pleasant, mundane chatter about completely inconsequential topics that you must have been pleased. She touched your arm quite a few times, too, didn’t she?”
Again, something seems to come over John’s body, and he finds his feet crossing the threshold even though he’s made no decision to do so. As soon as he enters the room, he’s overtaken by a sweet, smoky smell, and though there’s a lot to take in –
going as he’d hoped it would.
“Are you hungry?” John asks. “It’s gotten a bit late. You should eat. We could order a curry.”
John comes to move in the next day. Sherlock has carefully tidied the sitting room, and has studiously ignored the strange anticipation building inside him since he met John the day before. He doesn’t know what to expect, or how to interact with John; he doesn't do well with people, generally, especially magical people, and he’s certain John will only stay a day or two and then decide he’s had enough.
Redbeard responds by settling back in against his neck, pressing a kiss there. John feels optimistic and he goes to the left, but it’s just like it was before: endless darkness.
laughing, and Sherlock feels as if he’s going into overdrive.
once was, and for the first time in his life, he feels like he belongs, like he’s worthy.
“Right,” John says. “But really, I should go –“
“You can’t leave me alone!” she says.  She’s panicking now.  “You have to come with me!  Please!”
“It’s not – if it were ‘
John hesitates only a fraction of a second, memorizing the sight of Sherlock and the feel of him under his hands, before grabbing Billy and running for the park gates.  He has no time to waste.
“You’ve got quite a mouth on you, haven’t you?” the skull asks.
John laughs, and Sherlock feels the vibrations against his cheek. It’s wonderful, he thinks.
.” He can’t make sense of the words that just came out of him, can’t imagine there’s any way John can, either. He feels frustrated, embarrassed.
John can’t bring himself to be annoyed by Sherlock’s response, not when it’s true. The bedroom is quiet for a moment, neither of them speaking in the dim evening light, but then John frowns, looking up at Sherlock. “But I don’t understand,” he says. “Why is everything in my life so crazy?” He thinks of the spirits, of Sherlock, of the talking skull he considers a friend. He feels frustrated and desperate. “She was the only person I knew who was normal. She wasn’t supposed to – why is she like this?”
Something snaps inside John and he stands up taller, swallowing against the desolation inside him. He has nothing to lose now, he thinks, and no time to grieve. The only way he can fight is to do what Sherlock gave it all up for. Grief is lurking on the edge of his consciousness, but he won’t give in to it.
“He’ll come back,” Sherlock says.
He blinks in shock when he finds himself back at home, and he stares around himself for a moment as his brain catches up to his body. If it weren’t for the lantern Sherlock pulls out of his grasp and takes into the kitchen, he’d be sure he’d never left 221B in the first place. The lantern is with them, though, so he knows they’ve really gone and come back, even if he doesn’t really understand it. Now that they’re home and the magical atmosphere has been broken, he realizes that surely, Sherlock did something to get them home. Something occurs to him and he charges into the kitchen, his awareness and adrenaline snapping back full force.
were real, but sometimes it was so hard to let myself believe it, and then I’d hold this, and I’d know I wasn’t crazy,” he says, his eyes trained on the little crown in his hand. “I can’t believe you’re real,” he adds, voice soft, barely a whisper.
Sherlock shakes his head and swirls his glass, watching the shifting light reflect off the surface of the wine. “I haven’t,” he says.
“He went to the bathroom a couple times,” Billy offers.
“It’s for a case, of sorts,” Sherlock says.
“Interesting,” Sherlock says. John sighs, frustrated, and settles into his chair, holding his fingers out for Redbeard to climb over them. He holds Redbeard in front of his face and looks at him for a moment, lettings his thoughts drift and listening as Sherlock goes to the kitchen. He hasn’t even realized time has passed until Sherlock is back, pressing a cup of tea into his hands. Grateful, he takes it, letting Redbeard wind around his wrist.
“Weather?” Sherlock interrupts.
, Sherlock’s not the only one who can grant wishes.”
“You’re really making an impression, aren’t you?” Sherlock asks a moment later, exhaling a long stream of smoke into the cool night air.
“I’m not really that hungover,” John says, and it’s true. “Just tired.”
Sherlock’s eyes widen, and he’s about to reply when John elbows him.
She shakes her head and looks away, clearly embarrassed, but then turns back to him. “Have you figured out what to do?” she asks after a moment, ignoring her red cheeks and discomfiture. “You were gone for a while.”
He only has two patients in the afternoon. The spirit, as terrible a feeling as it gives him, isn’t making any malicious moves, so he decides to go about his business. It’s not the first time a spirit has clung to him, after all, but it’s definitely the first time one of this magnitude has. He’s worried what the spirit will do, but it turns out that when his patients come in, the spirit just gets closer to John, making his hands shake and sweat break out on his brow, but it doesn’t harm anyone. His patients are worried for him, but John says he has seasonal allergies. They don’t seem to believe him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock takes the tea with a huff, stalking back to the living room, but he pauses midstride and cocks his head. John nearly runs into the back of him at the unexpected stop, but manages not to.
The phone continues to ring shrilly, and he sighs as he makes his way over to it. Redbeard is curled atop the receiver, so he holds his hand out for Redbeard first, who feels warm and familiar against his skin. He picks up the receiver and collapses into the couch, but before he can say hello, he’s overtaken by a coughing fit.
Sherlock opens the door with a bang and comes to the landing, tension evident in his hunched shoulders and furrowed brow. “John,” he says, his voice thick. His eyes are flitting wildly over John’s body and the space around it, and he rushes down the steps between them to offer John his arm.
“I occasionally assist in solving crimes for them,” Sherlock says vaguely. “There’s been a murder, and they need help. Interested?”
“John! Welcome back! We didn’t think we’d be seeing you!” one of them says, and John heads over, pulling Sherlock behind him.
“Sherlock! You’ve come!” she says, her nose crinkling a bit as she smiles.
“Of course not,” Sherlock says. “But I had nothing to do with this. I didn’t do anything.” He leisurely smokes his pipe, staring at the ceiling again. John doesn’t know how to react. “Are you angry?” Sherlock finally asks, eyes still on the ceiling.
“Mmm,” John says. He doesn’t think he can.
Her house is very close to the lake; they go through a short, neatly kept path in the forest, and then there is a small cottage up ahead surrounded by rosebushes in many colors.
Her voice is soothing, and he swallows nervously, his throat dry. “I – is this – what is this?” he asks. “Where are we?”
Sherlock tilts his head and closes his eyes. He moves his hand, thinks about John’s magical signature, weaves it into the wards. The gold of John’s magic makes the cold, steely ward magic glisten a bit, as if it’s grown warm somehow, and he takes a moment to let it sink together, let the magic weave together and settle. A moment later he opens his eyes, and John is staring at him with a look on his face that Sherlock doesn’t know how to interpret, so he looks away, his stomach fluttering.
Mary just stares at him again, a look of disbelief on her face. “You are so fucking stupid,” she tells him again. “How can you tell me you’ll miss me when I almost killed you? Don’t ask me where I’m going.”
Sherlock giggles, covering his hand with his mouth, and Mycroft smiles, then takes him by the shoulder and turns him away from the door.
John shifts up, kisses her soft and tenderly. “I know, love,” she says. Her hair brushes Sherlock’s face, and Sherlock shivers. John presses a soft kiss beneath her ear. “You’re so sensitive,” she breathes, her words ghosting against Sherlock’s damp skin, and Sherlock shivers again. John smiles at her wickedly and Sherlock’s heart speeds up, knowing John understands her reactions and knows how to bring her to the edge, knows how to make her lose control.
lifetimes ago, but Sherlock is doing his best not to draw parallels. Instead, he focuses on the present. He strides forward towards John’s taxi, but takes an awkward step back once he’s gotten close, his hands clasped behind his back, his heart beating unusually fast.
She adjusts her dress when she stands, twisting it at the waist a bit, letting the luxurious crimson fabric shift and resettle. “How do I look?” she asks Sherlock, holding her arms out to the side
, and John’s fingers are curled into his hair, holding it taut but not quite pulling, and Sherlock keens, desperate and needy.
Sherlock is aware of too many things, and his head is spinning. He swallows hard. He shakes his head, unsure.
quite…sentimental, after all.”
Sherlock nods, looking everywhere but John. The living room suddenly seems too big, the quiet too loud, the lights from outside too bright. He clears his throat. “John,” he says. He looks up, and John is watching him with something like determination on his face.
John straightens and chuckles, heading towards the teapot, which he’d already started for after dinner tea, and continues to listen to the conversation.
“Are you alright?” John asks.
“John,” she interrupts.  “If you want to help him, you need to go to Baker Street.”
Sherlock kisses back desperately, pressing his tongue insistently against John’s, moaning into the kiss as his hips buck under John’s hand. His leg tightens around John’s hips, and then Sherlock shifts his arm, brings his own hand down between them. He laces his fingers through John’s but shifts their grip, encompassing John’s cock and his own in his long fingers.   John shudders and groans into the kiss, his arm shaking under his weight, overwhelmed by the feeling of Sherlock’s hand on him. He gasps open mouthed against Sherlock’s lips as pleasure washes over him. Urgency coils in his stomach and he groans helplessly when Sherlock’s thumb brushes over the head of his cock.
John sets to work, cleaning pots and pans and clearing off the countertops, pausing only to sip the tea Mrs. Hudson brings him. He studiously ignores Sherlock’s whinging from the living room.
“I know,” John breathes, his throat constricting. He can’t stop stroking Sherlock’s face, can’t look away from his eyes, can’t shift even a millimeter away from his body.
, more than he’s ever wanted anything. His fingers twitch on John’s back, he shifts until one leg is up on the couch and he’s facing John properly, closes his eyes, feels his breath hitch when John presses a kiss to the corner of his mouth, feels his pulse jump when John kisses below his ear, hot and wet, the sounds of his breath and his lips loud and intoxicating. He shivers, unused to the sensation, but eager for more, and John’s fingers tangle into his hair, and he tilts his head, clutches at John’s back, stifles a moan when John trails his lips down to suck at the juncture of his neck and collarbone.
John’s jaw drops for a moment and he just stares.  “Are you serious?  Are you bloody serious?  You don’t have to almost die to show me that some spirit I could care less about cares about me.  I don’t care if she cares about me!  What about you?  Don’t you see that people care about you?”
“You were crying,” he says bluntly. He feels disconnected from his thoughts after playing so long, and he can’t manage anything subtler than this.
Sherlock turns his back on John and pours a cup of coffee, then goes to the table but doesn’t sit down. “This coffee for that,” Sherlock says, gesturing towards the bandana with his head and holding the coffee protectively close to his body with two hands.
John glances at him, but ignores him.
Sherlock places a hesitant hand on John’s back, and John takes a shuddering breath, leaning into the touch.
“Absolutely not,” John says firmly.
He resigns himself to at least finding enough room to make a cup of tea and stealing a piece of bread; he’s too tired for much else. When he goes to the kitchen, though, he stops in the entryway, his hand falling to his side and his mouth opening and closing with no sound coming out.
The man shrugs. “How does anyone get anywhere, mate?” he asks, smiling crookedly. Though John’s still not sure if this man is friend or foe, an answer as annoying as this proves he probably does know Sherlock, John thinks.
) – but he knows he has to take it one day at a time.
She turns and starts running, still holding his hand, and he follows.  He knows he shouldn’t, but he hasn’t yet thought of another plan.  “It’s so lonely here,” she says.  “But there are so many of them over there!  It’ll be better, you’ll see!”
,” Sherlock says.
“Your parents are quite peacefully resting. Don’t worry about them,” Molly says, the atmosphere immediately changing to something intimate and serious. Her voice is warm, but her eyes remain closed. “It was a terrible accident they died in, wasn’t it? But, they died to protect you, and they’re at peace now.”
“Were you sleeping?” Sherlock asks, still facing the back of the couch. His voice is quiet, a rough rasp between whisper and speaking. It feels intimate somehow in the darkness of 221C.
“Even the smallest hangover is terrible,” Sherlock moans from the couch.
“You could get dressed first,” John suggests.
“What are you doing over here?” Mycroft asks.
John lifts his head, but not before pressing a kiss to Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock presents his wrists and John carefully undoes the buttons holding his shirt on and then pulls it off, tossing it over the desk chair. He tugs Sherlock’s undershirt off, too, pulls it over his head, and Sherlock feels exposed, cold and vulnerable in the dusky bedroom. But John’s face shifts, turning more serious, and he steps closer once more, kissing Sherlock fiercely. Sherlock responds eagerly, the feel of John’s jumper tantalizing against his bare skin, John’s mouth hot and warm, the sounds of their heavy breathing and wet kisses loud in the bedroom.
John is alone, and it’s very cold.  It’s no longer raining, but there isn’t any sky from which the rain could fall.  There’s no ground, either, and no scenery.  He’s in a void of grey.  His feet are standing on what appears to be a flat surface, but it’s just grey like everything around him.
“John, good,” he says. “We’ll need to get started quickly.”
“Sherlock,” he murmurs, watching him carefully, tenderly.
Before John can reply, the man simply disappears, and John is grasping at empty air before he weakly turns to Sherlock, angrier than he has the energy to be. “Why would you do that?” he demands. “Why would you – is it because he’s not human? Is it because you’re jealous I have
Sherlock takes a drink, swallows, and then turns to John. “You
“But nothing,” Sherlock interrupts. “Would you rather I didn’t tell her any of that and your entire relationship was built on falsehoods and half truths?”
“I appreciate it, Sherlock, of course I do. But you don’t have to – I know I’m in a bit of a state, yeah? But you don’t have to walk on eggshells,” John says. He wants normalcy; he wants Sherlock to drive him round the twist all hours of the day; he wants
“Sherlock,” he says again. “Would you – what’s going on?”
He’s desperate for John.  He wants to kiss him, wants to hold him, but the idea of John’s mouth leaving his cock is unthinkable so he does the only thing he can to get close to him: he reaches out blindly until his trembling hand comes in contact with John’s head and he rakes his fingers through John’s short hair, rests his palm there. John moans at the contact and Sherlock feels the vibration around his cock and he shudders, tugging on John’s hair for a moment to hold him still, biting his lip and panting and holding his body as still as he can, his toes clenched, desperation washing over him because he is
Sherlock feels frustrated and out of touch with the conversation, unsure of the source of John’s anxiety but knowing it’s somehow related to him. “Of course she’s not an experiment,” he says in a rush. “She’s interesting and fascinating because she’s part of
Greg turns to him and the look on his face is knowing. “John, I’ve known Sherlock for as long as I can remember, but I don’t know him even half as well as you do.”
“Of course,” Mary says, smiling. She tucks a strand of her short, blond hair behind her ear, and Sherlock watches and then turns to John with a blank expression.
John stands up to get her and Sherlock remains motionless, doing nothing but breathing, his skin on fire everywhere John’s lips touched him. He looks up after a moment and John’s looking at him, smiling softly as he bounces Iris up and down soothingly. He presses a kiss to her temple, and Sherlock feels a twinge in his chest at the thought that he now knows the feeling of those lips on his skin, too.
blossoming between them, and he feels unsettled.
“Why don’t you stay here with Billy, then?” John asks Redbeard, holding his hand out and urging Redbeard towards the skull.
He plays through the slow movements, and while they’re not perfect, they’re much closer to Mozart than they are to noise this time around. Impatiently, he pulls out some of his favorite Bach sonatas, and plays through them, too, covering John’s recently acquired stack of paperbacks with his discarded sheet music each time he grabs a new piece.
“Going out for the evening,” Sherlock says. He eyes John speculatively for a moment, then pushes up off the floor, dusting himself off as soon as he’s standing. He reaches down again and picks up Billy, handing him off to John. “You take Billy,” he says. “I suppose you shouldn’t take anything heavier with your shoulder.”
“John?” he asks, frightened. “You – how did we –”
“You keep saying that,” Sherlock says. He means to sound defensive, but there’s something plaintive in his voice, something he can’t control.
John frowns. “I was – oh. I was thinking about Moriarty, and I was mad, and then suddenly I was here.”
Another text from John, who is clearly having a hard time being separated from her for the first time. Sherlock huffs a quiet laugh and takes a picture in response. It’s mostly of Iris tucked into his shoulder, but a bit of his face is in the frame, too, and there’s a small smile on his face that makes him flush when he looks at it. He hesitates, thinks maybe it’s too obvious, but he remembers the way John squeezed his shoulder and the way John looked at Iris before he left and he sends it, and then sends an accompanying message.
Sherlock shakes his head. “He’s a git,” he says, wrinkling his nose. “All he cares about is
“Oh,” Sherlock says. He feels like he’s been kicked in the chest. John’s standing in the doorway, groceries on the floor, and he’s staring at Sherlock and clenching and unclenching his fist, his breath coming faster than usual, with an expression of anxiety on his face; his eyebrows are pitched upward where they meet and his eyes are wide. Iris suddenly feels heavy to Sherlock, and he swallows nervously, his hands clenching on her. “John, I’m – I’m sorry, I overstepped, I shouldn’t have – “
“It would be much worse if I didn’t talk back,” the skull offers, and John has to admit, it has a point, but he’s not sure he’s okay about acknowledging that, so he silently trudges up the stairs.
“That’s why,” Sherlock repeats. “Having said that, I’ll be keeping these,” he says, shaking the dog tags and smiling at John.
, John – and thus in wishing for you, I wished for freedom from the payment of my wish without realizing what I was doing, and you, in wishing for me, freed us
He’s blinking at his phone, fixating on the “for us” tagged onto the text, his own bias towards John making him read into things he knows aren’t there. This closeness between them feels cruel, suddenly, and his vision blurs for a moment and there’s a sharpness in his chest and heaviness in his throat he doesn’t like before he blinks and blinks and it’s clear again.
The boy’s eyes widen, and Angelo watches fondly.  “Really?” the boy asks.
Sherlock smiles.  “I do typically have rare interests,” he says.  “And there’s more to archery than meets the eye.”
As soon as they’re inside, the sounds he’d been hyper-aware of only moments before disappear into a blanket of silence. There’s no more gentle breeze, no more birds chirping or rustling grass; there is only bleak, all-encompassing silence. It’s cold, too, so cold that John already feels goose bumps breaking out on his skin. Redbeard nudges him, and John nods.
“Oh,” Sherlock says, his brows high on his forehead. “John, you should know I – “ he stops and clears his throat, his heart beating fast. “I hope that I haven’t offended you or overstepped in any way –“
“Make us some tea?” John asks sleepily, his eyes crinkling in the corner and dancing with mirth.
him?” Sherlock asks, narrowing his eyes at John.
John’s not sure why he’s nervous; he’s a grown man, after all.  And yet, he finds himself clearing his throat and nervously adjusting his shirt collar with his left hand while his right tightens on the handles of the small gift bag he holds.  He takes a deep breath, then lets it out in a whoosh and reaches out to ring Mary’s doorbell.
an Auror, you know.”
“I don’t think we should go there,” he says, an urgency creeping into his voice.
“Greg has been dead for quite some time,” Sherlock says after a moment has passed. “At least fifty years. He was born here, in London, though he was never quite like other mortals. I knew him well when he was alive.”
, despite these bizarre circumstances. John finds himself willing to go with this, to talk to this man even though it’s all very, very odd. The same instinct that told him to go to the roof in the first place is telling him that this is okay, that he can trust this man. He just hopes he can trust his instincts as he relaxes his arms, uncrossing them and rubbing his cold hands together for warmth.
“Here?” John asks, out of breath from running, still trying to absorb the fact that Sherlock’s handkerchief just became a butterfly and is now a handkerchief again. “Isn’t this just a house?”
“I do sleep, you know,” Sherlock says, sitting down at the table in a huff, stifling a yawn.
He doesn’t know how to find Sherlock, and he doesn’t know what to do when he finds him. How is he supposed to fight for Sherlock when he has no magic and no understanding of what Moriarty does? How is he supposed to help Sherlock when he has no idea where he is?
actually closer to the clinic than your miserable flat, which you clearly hate, and you’ve got a mold problem, haven’t you?”
“No problem,” John says.  “That poor girl, though.”
Sherlock realizes his face must be showing a lot more than usual because John pauses, setting the towel aside and taking Sherlock’s face in his hands.
John pulls out his wand and casts the spell, and it feels warm and soothing. His magic is gold, and it glides through the air effortlessly. The fireplace is quickly ablaze with a gentle fire, and it doesn’t feel prickly or staticky, only warm.
Mycroft rolls his eyes.  “Don’t bother trying to push your morals on me, John,” he says.  “I don’t care for the affairs of humans.  I never have and never will.  It’s a path that leads nowhere.”
Sherlock nods. “Exactly. You manipulated the connection. Find Moriarty. I think you’re close; I can’t be sure, but if you’ve connected to me astrally this early in your exploration of the connection, our physical bodies must not be far from each other. Where are you?”
“Oh, honestly,” John says. “I might not be
Sherlock. “Sherlock, what –”
“What kind of fruit is it?”
John’s not sure why he’s gone ahead and invited Sherlock, but he thinks that if Sherlock could just
“It’s perfect,” John says, sitting on the couch when Sherlock gestures him over.
Sherlock picks up his violin the next day, and as usual, it feels clumsy and unnatural, but as he plays, his hand loosens and his fingers stretch across the strings more easily and it starts to feel a little bit more like an extension of his arms rather than something with which to weigh them down.
“I can hear you, you know,” John mutters. Sherlock turns to him and gives him a small, clearly amused smile.
They walk companionably to the park; Arthur tells John about all the things that have changed since he was young, and John finds it soothing to talk to someone without a skull present. Arthur is interesting, too, and John finds himself asking questions, curious about the wealth of knowledge he possesses.
“I’ve searched for you for so long,” John says after a moment. Sherlock’s heart beats faster, and he’s unaware of doing so, but his body shifts closer to john.
, John, aren’t you going to do the dishes?” Sherlock asks.
“Different circumstances call for different communication styles,” Sherlock says. “I prefer to text, though. As much as Wizards like to believe Muggles are incompetent idiots, they do generally notice owls flying about central London in the middle of the day.”
suddenly that a stab of intense longing shoots through him. He wants Sherlock back more than he’s wanted anything in his life. It’s so unfair, he thinks, that he’s just learned to appreciate his life and the man who taught him how, the very same man he longs to share it with, is gone.
The spirits are different somehow as he walks amongst them than they are when he runs from them. They almost seem beautiful here in the strange intimacy of the lantern light. They’re talking to one another, and they all seem excited, pleased, even
“Be careful, now,” Uncle Augustus says as he hands it over. “You don’t want to break it.”
The boy giggles. “Yup. I’m John,” he says. “But I’m not really a nutcracker. I’m a boy!”
“I haven’t done anything,” Sherlock denies.
“’Course,” Mike says, holding out the large parcel in his hands to Sherlock. Occasionally, Mike ran errands for him, getting him potions ingredients the apothecaries wouldn’t send via owl when he didn't want to go to the trouble of going to Diagon or Knockturn Alley.
,” he says.
, and in turn, fully believe in himself. The advance of the spirits stops almost as suddenly as it began, and he can feel them focusing on him, connected to him once more, prepared to listen to him now that they see the command he has over his strength.
“Sherlock, your cup’s just here, on the table,” Mrs. Hudson says. He’s facing the back of the couch again, curled into a ball, and says nothing in response.
,” John says, hand twitching in anger.
Sherlock removes his hands and John hears the sound of a glass jar being opened, and then Sherlock’s hands are back, but this time they’re rubbing something over the area, something cool, as Sherlock murmurs something in a language John can’t place again. The ointment smells of vaguely familiar spices and it feels heavenly. John feels himself slumping forward a bit more, a shaky sigh leaving his mouth in relief.
“Why?” John asks, the talking skull still managing to shock him even though he’d had quite a bit of time to try and digest it all.
“Are you stupid?” John asks.  “You knew who she was!  You knew, and you let her reach into you and take your bloody soul!”
John pulls away after a moment. “Are you…is this too much?”
“I can’t believe I’ve finally found you,” John says. His voice chokes, and he looks up for a moment, blinking rapidly, then heaves a deep breath and looks back at Sherlock. “And look at you,” he says. “You’re – Christ, you’re incredible.”
“It’s hard to imagine you any other way than you are now,” John tells him. “I bet you were a cute little bugger, though.”
did,” John says, and there’s sadness in the furrow of his brow and the depths of his eyes that makes Sherlock’s heart twist in his chest.
Sherlock sits on the couch and feels as if his entire being has shifted. He doesn’t know how to process what he’s feeling right now, doesn’t know how to believe that this is real, and he thinks back over the last few moments, trying to sort them into his mind palace. He thinks he’ll need to do some reorganizing, some expanding on John’s wing to fit this.
think you’re forgettable? That’s the important question, isn’t it?”
“Why are you keeping him like this?” John asks Moriarty, doing his best to keep his voice as stony as possible even though his heart is pounding and his breath is too fast.
“You never
“Destiny?” John murmurs.
Sherlock smiles, looking up at the sky again, and not at John. Like before, the moonlight illuminates his cheekbones and the tip of his nose, winding its way into the highlights of his curls. After a moment, he turns to John, his eyes crinkling at the corners as he smiles patiently and the moonlight shifts against his skin. Again, there’s something wistful in the expressive planes of his face, in the gentle lines around his eyes and the small but genuine smile that doesn’t quite meet his eyes. “There are many worlds out there, John. And you’ve gotten a good start making yours, haven’t you?”
John barely hears his reply before he feels sleep pulling him under.
The spirits haven’t even touched him yet, and he’s already bleeding and terrified. He’s angry with himself for failing so quickly; he’s sure the spirits are about to do him in, and he’s overwhelmed with cold, thick fear, tendrils of air that feel like fingers pressing against his skin – when suddenly Redbeard steps hard on his foot, growling up at him.
“Oh, John,” Sherlock calls into the kitchen. “How do you feel about fortunetellers?”
“John?” Sherlock mumbles.
Sherlock looks up, feeling as if he’s been caught with his hand in a cookie jar.
“Three,” Sherlock says, attempting to scowl at John. “I’m fine.”
. His eyes linger on Sherlock’s mouth before flickering back up to his eyes and he smiles, welcoming the fear that flutters in his stomach. “You’re the one who can see people’s wishes, and you’ve seen mine.”
Sherlock has never been prone to poetic thoughts, or at least she’s always been good at suppressing them, but something about seeing John in her chair, reading the paper, hair tucked behind her ear but one stray piece swooping out, makes her smile soften and something bubble up in her chest, makes her think things like
Sherlock shrugs, his dressing gown shifting on his skin. “I have eyes and ears in many places,” he says. “But I didn’t make it happen.”
“Do you expect me to do everything for you?”  Mycroft asks.  “I don’t know how Sherlock puts up with you.”
, let alone what’s happened to Billy and Mrs. Hudson. Fear is crawling over him like a thousand little insects and it barely even registers when Mycroft puts a hand on his tense shoulder, leading him up the stairs.
“Right,” John says. He looks down at the tube and wonders just what he’s getting himself into, and then twists it open, the metal sliding apart with a surprising amount of ease.
“See you,” Arthur replies, sitting back down on the bench as John walks away. John makes his way slowly out of the park, the early winter chill making him too cold to be comfortable. He coughs more than he’d like on his way home, and he feels a bit feverish. By the time he makes it to Baker Street, he’s exhausted, and glad to be home.
John nods and smiles, wishing Sherlock weren’t looming behind him. He feels a bit like he’s on a chaperoned date in the 1800s.
John gives Sherlock’s wrist a squeeze and lets go. “Why don’t you go home?” he says. “I’ll be fine. I’ll meet you there when they let me out.”
“No need to be a dick,” John says casually, reaching beside him for the paper. Frustrated, Sherlock makes it fall to his lap, and to his surprise, John laughs.
“It was, though,” John insists, looking at him, then looking back at Billy.   “My shoulder’s better, for one,” he says, rotating his shoulder with ease as proof. “And we got this from Mycroft,” he adds, holding up the tube and grinning.
, tired of searching for someone everyone says doesn’t exist, tired of wondering if he’s crazy, tired of being so lonely. He thinks maybe it’s time to give up.
Sherlock shakes his head immediately, fingers twisting further into John’s jumper, breath coming out in a shuddering gasp, the pleasure of John’s hands against his back equivalent to torture in the way it’s making him
“Is he your…your cat or something?” Mary asks.
And in a flurry of movement, the soldiers obey, running past Sherlock as if he’s not even there to attack the mice while the nutcracker fights his way through to get to the king. Sherlock watches, entranced, as the nutcracker’s black boots move in a flurry of graceful movements while he fights, but Sherlock frowns because he’s clearly weakened from what happened to his arm. Nonetheless, he’s a strong fighter, and it seems like he’s doing well – but Sherlock realizes in horror that the mouse king is beginning to defeat him, and though the nutcracker is fighting as hard as he can, he’s starting to flag, receiving more hits than he’s landing.
“Yes, well, it’s
“When did you come back?” Arthur asks him.
John closes his eyes and takes a trembling breath. He remembers lying in bed only the day before, Sherlock asking him what his choice is, Sherlock’s hand on his face, Sherlock looking at him with such a sad smile. Sherlock was saying goodbye. Sherlock was deciding this for him.
Sherlock just laughs, and John can’t help it; despite his anger, the corner of his mouth quirks upward and he shakes his head and gets up to make some toast. As long as Greg isn’t harmful, and he doesn’t appear to be, he supposes he has nothing to worry about.
“Let’s give them some time,” Mrs. Hudson tells Billy.
“John, you cannot leave this apartment if you want to see Sherlock again.”
John smiles at him, but there’s something complicated on his face, something hesitant. “I never thought you felt things this way,” he says. He sounds a bit rueful, and Sherlock blinks, processing, and thinks he must be wrong when he comes to the conclusion that John seems a bit self-conscious.
Sherlock brings his hand up and feels the magic around him, his own magic, and he swirls his hand so the magic swirls the way Dad’s magic did, and he makes it do the little sharp tug that he felt when Dad did his spell, and he giggles in delight when confetti rains down on all of them, but this time, in soft blues and purples because those are his favorite colors.
Sherlock shushes him in annoyance, gesturing to the cracked door with his head.
“Dull,” he says. “Not my area.”
John watches in awe as it fills the lantern. Surprisingly, the weight of the lantern doesn’t seem to change even though it’s steadily filling with liquid. John glances at Sherlock, who’s staring at the lantern, the light dancing over his sharp features. Sherlock turns his head to catch John’s eye for a moment and grins, and John can’t help it; he feels a small laugh bubble up inside of him as the night catches up to him, and then they’re both giggling, heads leaning in towards each other, their pinkies overlapping on the handle of their rapidly filling fruit, watching as the nectar flows.
Sherlock eyes the television for a moment, and he turns pensive. “I think some things can’t be explained,” he says. His answer, much like the air between them, is much different than it was a few years ago.
,” he says reverently, as if the name itself is a prayer. “Happy Christmas.”
“No, not as such,” the man says. “But I’m most certainly a stranger, aren’t I? After all, you don’t even know my name.”
“You have a birthmark, don’t you?” Sherlock asks. Immediately, John’s left hand closes over his right wrist where the birthmark indeed lies. “Seven dots. A row of three followed immediately by a row of 1. Thirty-one. Then, a row of three. March. Your birthday is visibly linked to the body in which you reside. And your name, John H. Watson, carried around your neck, first from your father’s tags since you were a child, and then with your own since you entered the Army, hanging against your chest even now as we speak. But don’t worry; removing them won’t help at this point. The gate has been opened.”
He stops abruptly and closes his eyes, forcing himself to take as deep a breath as he can, though his chest tightens and his breath stutters halfway through his inhale. Mycroft’s right; he knows he’s of no use to Sherlock like this, but he doesn't even know if Sherlock’s
“With you sleeping so late,
“I’m not sick, Daddy! It really happened!” He feels panic rising inside him, and he doesn’t know what to do.
“John,” Sherlock says.  “Get dressed.  I have an archery tournament.”
,” John says, annoyed.
“What?” John asks.
“A wish-granting shop,” John says. “That’s just…mad.”
“No?” John asks.  He looks up and sees that it’s only raining in the area around them, nowhere else.  There is a patch of brightness above them, and the rain is falling through.  In the center of the rain, a ribbon hangs down.  It’s longer than seems possible, and with a start, John remembers the ribbon in his pocket.
When they finally leave the bed, after showering and dressing, John urges Sherlock to finally make the tea while he shaves. Sherlock rolls his eyes and complies after a lot of complaining, but he finds himself going to the living room instead of the kitchen and heading straight to his violin. He smiles and takes it out of the case, tunes it quickly, plays a half-hearted scale and a few fragments of melodies he’s been playing the past few days before he turns to his music stand. The Bruch is still open, and he turns to the second movement.
John nods. “That’s fine,” he says. Because of his adrenaline, he feels as if his voice is coming from far away, as if time has become distorted, as if it was years ago that he’d seen Sherlock on the roof, but he does his best to focus. “I understand,” he adds. “What do I do once I’m in the forest?”
He stows it away in his pocket with shaking hands, pulls his coat on, and leaves, desperate for a hit. He thinks maybe he’ll go find his dealer, but then again, even dealers might take Christmas off.
“A bit like synesthesia?” John asks.
“I heard you shouting, dear, what’s going on?” she asks.
“John,” he says again. It seems it’s all he can say, and this time, it’s wrenched out of him in such an utterly miserable way that his lower lip convulses for a moment against the upper, and he holds himself stiff and tries not to breathe for fear of losing control.
“Oh, nonsense,” Mrs. Hudson says, emerging from the kitchen holding Billy in the crook of her arm. “Of course you can. I give Sherlock a special deal.”
He goes through his scales again just to relish in how good it feels to play them without fighting himself, and then plays through his arpeggios, his fingers moving much more easily up and down the neck than they had before.   By the time he’s finished, his heart is beating in exhilaration, and he eagerly pulls out his Mozart.
Sherlock shakes his head. “There
John closes his eyes. It’s a lot to take in, and he’s having trouble wrapping his brain around it. He tries to understand it for a moment, but gives up, knowing he has more important things to focus on for the time being. “How do I find him if I can’t leave the house?” John finally asks when he feels more in control of himself.
John sees the fire in front of him, hears the soft sounds of the harp, and feels Redbeard’s head, heavy on his knee. Logically, he knows these experiences are happening to
John’s stomach flutters and then they’re kissing again, faces already so close that they barely need to move to find each other. Their lips press together for a moment, slow and sweet, and John feels as if he’s cracking open, somehow, but it’s not unpleasant. In fact, it makes him shift closer, makes him open his mouth to Sherlock’s, makes his thumb smooth back and forth over Sherlock’s skin, makes his heart constrict in his chest.
John can’t decide if Sherlock is being patronizing or not, so he doesn’t reply.
I’ll be needing it,” John says, brushing past them all and heading to the kitchen. “I’ll also be needing some tea, Christ.”
“Actually, the table might be nice for a change, facing the door, if you don’t mind?” Billy asks.
“Typical dirty sales tactics, don’t you think?” John whispers. Billy and Mrs. Hudson stifle a laugh and Mrs. Hudson swats him on the shoulder.
John’s jaw drops. “What did you do before yesterday? Did you just not eat? Surely you know how to cook…? You’re a grown man!”
warm, though, there’s an inner ear thermometer-“
“I can’t even imagine it! Are there any here now?” one of them asks.
He takes John’s free hand and starts to run, and John is startled enough that he laughs, running fast to keep up with Sherlock’s long strides. They speed through the forest, branches and leaves crunching underfoot, moving so fast that the chill can’t seem to stick to John’s senses long enough to bother him.
“Yes,” Sherlock says, very seriously. “Sometimes. But everyone is.”
John blinks and stares at Sherlock for a moment. Sherlock is unsure if he’s overstepped; he’d been sure to end his suggestion in a questioning lilt so that he didn’t appear to think he knows more than John because he knows he doesn’t, not in this area, and he knows he doesn’t have any say in what John does with Iris. He feels nervous for a moment, but then John nods.
She shakes her head. “No, we have to,” she insists.  “It’s where I have to go.  You promised!  Please!”  Her eyes fill with tears again, and John feels a headache forming.  His thoughts don’t feel so cloudy anymore, and he’s beginning to feel a bit of panic, trapped in this strange place with this girl.
“John, now that you’ve moved in, we should discuss a few things,” Sherlock says, sitting across from John at the kitchen table and sipping his tea.
John pulls away after a moment and Sherlock stoops down a bit, leaning his forehead against John’s and closing his eyes, willing John to stay close.  John tangles his fingers into the curls on the back of Sherlock’s head and lets his thumb sweep back and forth across Sherlock’s cheek. Sherlock smiles, a small little twist of his lips, and John shifts to press a chaste kiss on his mouth.
“What?  It’s not-”
“Take off your shirt,” Sherlock says, breathless, and John obligingly pulls her shirt over her head, tossing it aside and then running a hand through her shoulder length hair, letting it settle. Sherlock’s mouth waters at the way John’s breasts hang free, and she longs to touch them. She runs her hands up and down John’s sides, maintaining eye contact, and John’s expression goes soft in pleasure. Sherlock swallows, the sound loud in the soft quiet of the bedroom, and then John leans down and kisses her. Sherlock arches her back eagerly at the press of John’s body against hers, and then John breaks the kiss to tug at Sherlock’s shirt.
has to make breakfast,” Sherlock says. Where there once would have been bite in his voice, there is now a feeble attempt at it; he sounds as if he's trying to make things the way they once were but falling short.
“My wife died not long after,” Arthur continues, saving John the need to reply. “She got sick; cancer.”
And then, they make eye contact, and they can’t help but giggle.
“Collect payment?” John asks, following Sherlock towards the door.
“So’ve you,” John mumbles, taking a sip of the tea.
“Baker Street’s a nice place for a bachelor pad,” Arthur muses. “I had some good times there in my youth.”
“I’ll sleep in the grass,” Sherlock says. He sets his glass down beside him on the bench and lowers himself down to the floor on his loose limbs, and then lies down on his back, feeling the texture of the grass through his clothes. “It’s nice,” he tells John, twitching his nose when a butterfly lands on the tip.
“Should we go home?” John asks, confused.
, something he once scoffed at.
, John,” he replies, gesturing wildly, “an alternative where you were the most remarkable man I’d ever known; the ideal man, in every way, the wisest, bravest, and kindest man I had ever seen. And so I wished for you to live so that man could come to fruition because, quite selfishly, I wanted him in my life,” Sherlock says in a passionate rush.
a bit pissed, aren’t you?” he asks.
John smiles. “I’m not complaining,” he says. “Just curious.”
Sherlock shakes his head, his breath coming fast again, his hands beginning to tremble. “John, you – it’s all – always, don’t you -”
Sherlock laughs, a sudden burst of whimsy that takes John by surprise, and then he’s chuckling, too.
“Of course it is!” John says. “I’ve never seen anyone use magic like you do!”
When he came back to 221B, John had been positive he was the broken one, but now, with Sherlock’s surprisingly fragile heart in his hands, he realizes how wrong he was. He presses a chaste kiss against Sherlock’s collarbone and revels in the feel of Sherlock shivering against him in response.
“John, go,” Sherlock says. He sounds desperate and scared, and John’s never heard his voice sound that way. “Just go while you can.”
John stops on the stairs in surprise, and the woman rolls her eyes as she gets to the top before him and opens the door. “Honestly, Sherlock, you should wait until the door is open to speak,” she chides to whoever is on the other side of the door, her posture changing to that of a stern mother before she turns back to John, whose body is catching up to her without his permission. She smiles kindly again, and John is a bit taken aback by the sudden change in her demeanor.
When they step inside, a woman is sitting in an armchair reading a magazine. She looks up in surprise, her delicate features illuminated by the sunlight streaming in the window. “Oh,” she says. “You’re here for a reading?”
He trudges up the steps and startles when he hears a high pitched ringing sound coming from his flat. The door swings open and Mrs. Hudson pops her head out. “Hello, dear, I was just cleaning up for you a bit – I’m not your housekeeper, mind – and your phone started ringing, it must be Sherlock, I think. Oh you
Sherlock finds himself staring at John’s hand for a moment, feeling a bit short-circuited. “It’s never too soon,” he says after a moment. One side of his mouth twitches up towards his eyes.
“Did you actually sleep last night?” John asks, letting his paper shift down so he can see Sherlock.
“I wished that you would understand how important you are, and want to live in this world rather than fade away, like you would have done if we never met or you never stayed with me. I wished that you would live.”
“Your payment,” Mycroft says, extending the tube towards John. Sherlock sits up straight, eyeing the tube shrewdly. John looks at Sherlock with raised eyebrows and Sherlock nods, so John reaches out and takes the tube.
John leans forward and gently, reverently, he lets his lips press against Sherlock’s. It’s quiet in the flat, and John lets the familiar quietness wash over him for a moment as the new feeling of Sherlock’s lips against his own sinks into him, somehow earth-shaking in its intensity even though it’s just a gentle press of lips. He feels something deep in his stomach twist, feels his heart flutter in his chest. He relishes the feeling of Sherlock’s curls beneath his fingers, feels his own ribs expand beneath the warmth of Sherlock’s palm. Their lips open to each other, warm air shared between them, the soft sounds of their breaths and mouths weaving into the atmosphere of the flat. John shifts closer until their chests are flush against each other, the taste of Sherlock’s lips heady and sublime and
“John?” Mummy asks. “Who’s that, darling? Did you have a nice dream?”
“What are they saying?” John asks Billy, desperate to know.
“Who’s
“Er, you – are you…some kind of fox?” John asks, hoping it’s not offensive, but unable to not ask.
John pulls away for a moment but can’t bring himself to go far. He keeps his hand on the back of Sherlock’s neck to hold Sherlock’s head in place and he gazes up at him, their faces inches apart, so close that he can see the flecks of gold near Sherlock’s pupils, can count his eyelashes, see every flake of skin on his lips.
“So, you don’t use a wand, then? Or incantations?”
a dream?” John asks.
“John, I –”  His blood is still pumping through his veins, and his cock is throbbing, though not as insistently as it had been just a moment ago.  “I want –“
“Keep your curiosity to yourself,” Sherlock says, annoyed. He doesn’t know
When Sherlock replies, his voice is low and silky. “You’re thinking it would be nice not to see them, aren’t you? If they weren’t drawn to you?”
“What?” Sherlock asks. He sounds perturbed.
Sherlock smiles. “You’re certainly a quick learner,” he says, and John can’t help but think that a word of approval from this man is heavy, important. “But as I’ve told you, I’m not your enemy.”
to the occult. Did I miss anything of importance?”
Mrs. Hudson frowns at Billy for a moment, then turns to John, looking at him in sharp assessment that seems more like Sherlock than herself.  She’s gone from worry to composure alarmingly quickly.
John shakes his head and makes three cups of tea.  His life gets stranger every day.
John turns to look at him, and there’s something on his face Sherlock doesn’t usually see. One of the little birds of light flies over and lands on John’s shoulder, rubbing its head against John’s cheek. Sherlock flushes, though he’s not sure why, and John smiles softly. He holds out his hand and the bird perches on his finger, and he holds it in front of his face and examines it with a soft smile as a butterfly comes and flies around his head.
“Yes, I’m Greg, I promise you I’m Greg!”
“Yeah, I met him at the park after work yesterday, and I’ll meet him again today,” he says. He sounds more aggressive than he means to, but he doesn’t like Mary’s tone.
Iris finishes her bottle and Sherlock sets it aside, shifting her so he can burp her. He settles her against his cloth-laden shoulder and gently pats her back, the whole of which is easily eclipsed by his hand. The flat feels quiet and empty without John, but it’s different than it was before, when John had been married. It feels light now with the promise of John’s return, and Sherlock turns his head to the side, pressing a soft kiss to Iris’ head, something he likes to do when he knows John can’t see.
“Thank you,” John tells him, voice quiet and intense. “Thank you so much, Sherlock. So much. This is – I didn't think I’d ever be able to walk normally again, I really didn’t. You’re incredible. Honestly, I don’t think it’s even hit me yet, what you’ve done.”
the man says impatiently, a sharp edge creeping into his voice, gesturing with one hand for John to hurry.
Sherlock is quiet for a moment. He’s looking at his hand on John’s arm, not at John’s face. “There’s always a choice, John,” Sherlock says. “But even so, I made a choice, too, and I understood it very well. I would make the same choice again if I had to. I knew you’d be angry with me, John, but I will do anything I have to do to keep you here and alive.”
“Yes, quite,” Sherlock agrees absent-mindedly.
“Thank you,” he whispers, tamping down the doubts inside of him that say this might not work. He’s scared, yes, but he clings to that and he’s even grateful for it because it means he’s doing something meaningful, something that’s so important to him he’s reduced to a terrified mess in the face of it. He clears his throat, knowing he needs to speak more clearly.
“God, he’s a dick sometimes,” John says. It feels good to say this to someone who knows Sherlock, he realizes, and will be able to commiserate. “This morning, he texted me at least a hundred times while I was at work telling me he had an emergency. I finally rushed home during my lunch and he tells me he left Billy in the basement flat but he can’t go get him himself because it’s getting cold down there and he can’t play the violin with cold fingers. Can you believe that?”
“Christ,” John says, his voice softer. “You’re a mess, aren’t you?”
on the door. It sends a tingly shiver down his spine, feeling John’s magic trickle through his wards, and his palms grow sweaty.
, not when John’s hand starts moving up and down, torturously slow, and Sherlock’s so hard that he’s already leaking. John smooths his thumb over the head of Sherlock’s cock, spreading the fluid down between them and then moving his hand faster.
“Alright?” John murmurs.
Mary, he’d stop it with all the nonsense he’s been spouting. John knows Mary has nothing to do with the spirit he’d met that day, he just
John rolls his eyes. “I’m not an idiot,” he says. “I know you have a hidden room. I
“Oh,” John says, startled.  He’s not surprised, not really, but it’s still shocking to hear it said so plainly.  “So, the place she was trying to go – it was all green and black, that was where dead people go?”
Sherlock shakes his head, squeezing his eyes shut, pressing his lips together. His chin quivers. John can’t stand to see it. His heart is clenching in his chest, and he feels like he’s going to cry. Sherlock is not supposed to show emotion like this, he’s just
“Oh, that sounds lovely, dear. A nice dinner with you boys would be wonderful,” she says.
“John,” Sherlock finally interrupts. John’s eyes flicker from where they were trained on Iris’ face up to Sherlock’s. Sherlock is holding her expertly, feeding her a bottle in his armchair. “I highly doubt that in the thirty minutes it takes you to go to Tesco, Iris will suddenly develop a fever, and if she does, I'm quite sure you’ll be home in time to take care of it.”
He feels the balance of the bow in his hands, and then carefully picks up his violin and sets it under his chin. The weight and shape feel familiar and they’re not intrusive, but there is something foreign about his them after so much time away. He shifts his fingers on his bow, but he grimaces at how clumsy his bow-hold has become, and lets his fingers settle and re-settle until they don’t feel tense. He swipes his bow across the strings, and immediately, he winces.
to go?”
He’s panicking now, he knows, but he can’t help it. He lightly slaps the side of her face, but she has no reaction. He pries her eyelids open, but her pupils don't even twitch. A desperate sob rises in his throat, but again, he swallows it down. He takes the folded blanket off the end of her bed and carefully, tenderly lays it over her, tucking it around her shoulders, his breath hitching. He stares at her a moment, his palms clammy, his heart pounding, and then he leaves her apartment. He barely sees what’s around him as he goes; the world is spinning and he feels doubtful that his legs will hold him up.
Sherlock is expecting John to exit his cab in front of Baker Street at precisely 3:47 PM, but as is usually the case when babies are involved, some things can’t be predicted. It’s not until 4:04, after a full sixteen minutes of pacing, staring out the living room window down to the street below, and adjusting cushions
“Fuck!” John shouts, anger boiling inside of him, frustration and loss and disappointment and fear crawling over him. He wants to break something, kill something, rip something into tiny pieces, he wants to shout and rage and scream, he wants
Their giggles fade, though, and Sherlock feels a strange buzz like panic washing over him in their wake. He lets his eyes flicker over this man again, blinking rapidly all the while. When he speaks, his voice is shaking. “You – you’re still military, but you’re a -
John is staring at the little fox, his heart pounding, and he feels immeasurable gratitude and love swirl in his chest. He leans down on shaky legs, his fingers still tangled with Sherlock’s around the handle of the lantern, and reaches out with his free hand to clasp the little fox’s shoulder. “Thank you,” he says, his voice thicker than he’d expected. “Thank you so, so much.”
“After you, John,” he says with a smile, opening the door and gesturing John through.
“Oh, dear,” she says. “You’d best get upstairs, hadn’t you?”
, but it’s too early to try to appeal to Sherlock. He gives it up as a lost cause before he even tries; he’s learned to pick his battles. “Have you had breakfast at least?” he asks instead.
“So you’re interested, then?” Sherlock asks, hands on his hips.
Sherlock nods tightly, but can’t help but rock back and forth on his heels, all the magic of St. Mungo’s coming further into his awareness like it’s crushing him; the clinical magic of the monitors in John’s room, the magic from the Healers, the magic from the wards, the magic from the people filling the hospital. It’s a bit much for him, especially on top of the anxiety he’d felt when Mike texted.
John frowns, thinking about it. “I was easy prey?” he asks.
To his surprise, John reaches out and puts a hand on his forearm, and clasps it. “I’m glad you don’t grow that anymore,” he says.
“If I – of
the nutcracker’s painted mouth has just twitched up into a smile. He blinks, sure he must be seeing things, and looks around, but no one is watching and when he looks back at the nutcracker, his face is just the same as it had been when he opened the box. He swallows hard, assures himself he’s seeing things, and tucks his nutcracker a little further under the tree just to be safe, then stands to let Mummy fuss over him and give him biscuits.
“Must be nice to have a brother,” John says after a while. “I don’t have a brother or a sister or parents or anything, and there aren’t too many kids around here. I haven’t even had a friend before.”
Mrs. Hudson stands next to him and puts her hand on his shoulder. “When Sherlock says he can do it, he can do it,” she says, squeezing his shoulder. She sounds confident and proud.
“Oh really?” Mary asks. “How so?”
“Of course I do,” Sherlock says. “But I woke up
Mycroft, dressed impeccably in a three-piece suit and without a hair on his head out of place, looks at him in dismay. “Sneaking off to the kitchens already, Sherlock?”
“We had dinner and wine with Mary,” he says, looking at John as if John is missing a brain. “Surely you know this already; you were there.”
It stares back, of course, and John runs his hands over it, wondering whether or not it’s real, and then jumps when he hears a voice say, “Oi!”
“Sherlock, I can’t –”
“Yes,” Mycroft says. “You’ve visited one before. When you visited my home, for example, that was a different world than this one is.”
“We’re here for John’s payment,” he says. He sounds sulky once more, and John can’t help the way the corner of his mouth twitches.
Sherlock sits behind his computer for a couple hours the next morning, John having long since gone to work, and he realizes that he’s bored, that he’s crawling for stimulation. His eyes land on his violin case, and he makes up his mind, closing his computer and going to the case.
John helps him up and herds him back out to the living room, hands lingering on him more than before, body so close that Sherlock feels like all his hair is standing on end. John settles him on the sofa, and makes sure his blankets are still securely around him, then kisses him again and goes to the kitchen for the takeaway menus. Sherlock pulls the blankets close and lays down, a smile he can’t control blooming on his face, sure he’s never smiled like this before. He curls towards the back of the sofa and holds his fingers out, makes soft lights and weaves his fingers in the patterns he’s known since he was a child. His smile grows as watches them, and he finds them beautiful.
“I’m sure Sherlock explained to you that to many people, this building doesn’t exist,” Mycroft says, his tone more forceful than before in the face of John’s near-hysteria. “The selective nature of who sees this building and who doesn’t is due to Sherlock’s magic, which built this flat, and also sustains it. With his magic, Sherlock created both the building and everything inside it, including Mrs. Hudson and that ridiculous skull,” Mycroft says.
, and it seems somehow monumental in its simplicity. He strokes his thumb along Sherlock’s cheekbone and his breath hitches as Sherlock shifts forward, resting his hand on John’s hip. Desire sweeps over John’s skin, coils in his stomach.
“Yes,” John says emphatically,
“I can fix it. I’d love to. Would you like to do it now?”
Greg takes a long drag of his cigarette and slowly breathes out the smoke. “It’s complicated,” Greg says. “But it takes its toll on the wish granter. It’s not pretty.”
“John,” Sherlock says.  “You’ll have to do a job for him.”
“Brilliant!” Billy says, clearly excited.
Sherlock closes his eyes and looks upward for a moment, rooting through his mind palace for some hint of what to do next, but it’s showing him things he’s not sure he
John doesn’t look at her; instead, he keeps his eyes absently on Redbeard, watching him but not really taking him in. “I don’t know,” he says, clenching and unclenching his left hand, looking anywhere but at her concerned face. “It’s – Sherlock is –” He pauses, something in his chest twisting, making it hard to speak. “He’s gone,” he finally says. It’s so different to say the words out loud than to think them; it makes all of this
And part of it is Iris, of course. She’s an unknown that Sherlock yearns to change to a
John stares in shock, his mouth partly open, unable to believe what he sees.  Time seems to slow as he watches the woman’s hand retreat from Sherlock’s body.  The cupcake looks exactly as it had when John made it, but it’s glowing slightly, and does not seem entirely corporeal.  As soon as she holds it, though, Sherlock slumps forwards and slides gracelessly off the swing.  John’s shock lasts just a moment longer before his body jolts into action.  He runs over, ignoring Billy’s cries to bring him along in his haste to get to Sherlock’s side.  When he gets there, he reaches down and rolls Sherlock over so his face isn’t in the dirt, and looks up at the woman, his hands secure on Sherlock’s body.
Something akin to relief rushes through him when he sees that the creature making its way through the crowd is none other than the little fox-boy from Angelo’s, marching determinedly through the crowd of spirits.
Just as he prepares to run, though, he jerks back abruptly when a hand grabs him by the shirt collar and tugs. He knows his plan is foiled, and worst of all, by his number one enemy. “Mycroft!” he complains, twisting his body to bat ineffectually at Mycroft’s hand.
Greg nods thoughtfully. John realizes that even with all the questions he wants to ask Greg, they’re only talking about Sherlock. While there’s infinitely more he wants to ask about him, he tells himself he’s being ridiculous and decides to change the subject and try to get some answers for once. “Why are you here? I mean, what is this, a dream?”
“Oh, piss off,” John says, but he’s still smiling, and Sherlock feels pleased, supremely so, to see him this way.   He takes the glasses down, still feeling like he’s on the edge of something he doesn't understand, but he sets them down on the counter and watches as John fills them.
“What was your first magic?” Sherlock clumsily asks after a moment, suddenly deeply curious but finding that his words are having trouble traveling from his mind to his mouth. “I mean, accidental.”
“Some wine would be lovely,” Mrs. Hudson agrees.
,” Sherlock says. His fingers are moving in slow circles on John’s hip and he’s thinking about what John’s cock would feel like in his mouth.  “Approximately how long is your refractory period?”
John smiles. “Molly seems to like you quite a lot,” he says after a moment.
He thinks of the way every time Sherlock speaks, it’s like everything in the world except him ceases to exist. He thinks of Sherlock’s voice, warm like honey, caressing his ears. He thinks of the way Sherlock looks at him sometimes, his eyes crinkled at the corners, his smile soft and small, and his eyes dancing with pleasure. He thinks of the way his own heart twists in his chest when he sees Sherlock, thinks of the way it feels to stand close to him, the way each and every one of his cells seems to come alive.
“When it’s daytime, you can see the brook properly?” John asks.
“You don’t have to do that now,” Daddy says.
“Sherlock,” she says gently. “Sweetheart. You had a dream. It’s not real.”
John’s body would be under Sherlock’s hands, nor had he imagined how silky smooth John’s lips would be, the salty taste of John’s skin, the way his own skin shivers beneath John’s fingers.
When John wakes, he’s lying in his own bed. It’s much easier to breathe, and he feels warm and tired. He blinks blearily around the room, and wonders what time it is, and what day it is, but when he notices that Sherlock is sitting on the edge of his bed watching him, he focuses on him instead.
,” Billy says, clearly offended.
John looks ahead, and sure enough, he sees the familiar string of light bulbs illuminating the mysterious food stand, alone in a darkened area.
“I’m much older than I have any right to be,” Sherlock says. He speaks gently.
“Go straight,” she tells him. “Or, as straight as you can around the trees, at least. You may see paths to the left or right, but don’t take them; you’ll just get lost. Go straight and walk for a minute or two, and you’ll come out at…at
“How?” John asks.
“Hangover draught,” Sherlock manages, wincing.
“You keep asking me that,” Sherlock says. He marvels that his voice can sound the same and he can still speak (albeit more roughly and shakily than usual) after such an earth-shattering, life changing event has taken place.
“Of a sort,” Sherlock says, eyes still trained on the door.
There’s so much he wants to say –
John kisses him again, but gently this time.  He doesn’t lie on top of him yet, just leans over him from the side, and Sherlock reaches up for him, needing to feel him, needing that reassurance.
“Because I’m dirty,” she says.  She looks down.  “I’m different from before.  Everyone’s gonna say I’m gross.”
“Inevitable,” a deep voice rumbles from behind the door at the top of the stairs.
“Come on, wake up,” John says once he’s returned.  He stares at Sherlock’s closed eyes and pats him on the cheek, hoping he’ll wake.  He’s surprised at how cool and smooth Sherlock’s skin is under his hand, and he swallows hard, letting his hand rest against Sherlock’s cheek for a moment, his thumb rubbing along Sherlock’s cheekbone as he tries to focus.
“Mary,” John says uncomfortably. “I’m sorry; I told you, he doesn’t get out much-“
John’s vision blurs for a moment, and he feels dizzy. The pain in his head is overwhelming in its intensity, but he forces himself to stay focused, imagining Sherlock, remembering why he’s here. “No,” he says. “Of course not.” He speaks confidently, but he feels himself growing weaker; he knows he can’t hold onto the connection for much longer.
She reaches out suddenly and takes his hands, her own hands soft and warm. “Please don’t cry, John,” she says.
rather than how many wrinkles she has on each finger or the way her little eyelids crease or the ratio of iris to white in her big round eyes; he’ll have time for that later.
His heart is pounding, blood coursing through his veins. He opens his eyes and his breath still comes in white puffs in front of his face, his skin is still covered in goose bumps, there’s still sticky blood pooling in his collar, it’s still freezing cold, but he is filled with a gratitude he can’t shake, a gratitude that changes the way he sees everything around him. His heart clenches in his chest, his stomach flutters. He doesn’t normally give thoughts of this nature any attention, but he realizes suddenly that they’re
“About Iris,” John says. “Because you do, Sherlock.”
Sherlock nods, and his eyes are still trained on John’s face, memorizing him. “Until you fall asleep,” he says, and it’s barely a whisper, echoing in John’s ears as he lets the fuzziness of sleep take over his mind.
John quirks an achingly familiar smile. “Alright then,” he says, and goes back to the kitchen. Sherlock looks up and watches him go, watches him make his way easily around the kitchen, watches him open the drawer in search of a corkscrew and grimace at what he finds instead. He’s pleased when John remembers that Sherlock sometimes leaves the corkscrew in the cabinet beside the biscuits and his lips curl into a small smile as he watches John stretch up on his toes to reach it.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “Honestly, this is nonsense,” he says. “Enjoy the table; John is clearly a saint waiting to be canonized.”
“To see me?  Wait – you can hear her?”
“Out of the question,” Sherlock says, his voice near a hiss.  He stalks towards John, but turns towards the man for a moment.  “Stay there, Mycroft,” he says.  “Don’t move a muscle.”
“Sherlock’s…magic is quite unusual,” Mycroft says.  “He grants wishes.  But granting your own wish is quite taboo; a bit like divining your own future.  It was his wish, at that moment, to find you, and so he couldn’t use his magic for that; the price would be too great.”
an interesting one, aren’t you, Johnny? So
“Hey, John,” Greg says.
Sherlock smiles again, wider this time. “John Hamish Watson,” he says. He closes his eyes and takes another drag of his pipe. “John Hamish Watson. The place in which you were born is worlds apart from the place in which you live now. But more importantly, you have a problem. A
this; he doesn’t like feeling like he’s fighting to make a sound, feeling like he has to focus on how to play the instrument rather than what he wants to express. He loosens his bow and has to force his hands to put it gently back in the case rather than throw it, and does the same with his violin, closing the case with more force than necessary and tucking it away, not giving it a second glance before he goes back to his computer with a huff.
at him, knowing he’s divorced, knowing there’s no baby, knowing Mary’s not there, but not knowing the details. He thinks maybe he should find a new job.
“I’m not hungry,” Sherlock says, but he lets her lead him downstairs nonetheless.
“Mm,” Sherlock says. “It was payment from a client. It’s made from a nectar you won’t find anywhere in this world.” He sets it down next to him and lights his pipe, inhaling softly, then letting the smoke drift lazily from between his lips.
“Not a problem at all,” John says. “Sometimes I don’t sleep, anyway, so I’m sure your violin will be fine. Might be a nice flat, actually, once all this is unpacked properly.” He looks around the room, eyes scanning over everything.
, John thinks.
John smiles, and the shadows shift. The creases around his eyes come into sharp relief, and Sherlock is overcome with the desire to kiss them. His grip tightens on John’s waist instead.
, he begins to settle, and the heavy wards he’s put on 221C that don’t allow any magic help him feel a bit better. His skin no longer feels like it’s crawling, and his head no longer feels like it’s going to split in two, and he’s much calmer. He sniffs, rubs a hand over his face, pretends it comes away dry.
Sherlock can’t remember ever being at a loss for words like this, can’t remember ever being reduced to his physical needs like this, can’t remember ever feeling this desperate.  He’s on edge and needy and John presses a reassuring kiss to his bare hip, then looks up at him with a wicked smile and Sherlock’s breath hitches and his head falls back again as soon as he feels John’s tongue swirl around his cock, spreading a bead of pre-come around, then his mouth is back, hot and slick and perfect.
“Thank you,” he repeats, voice stronger even though it’s choked. “All of you. You’ve given me so much, and all this time, I’ve been running from you because I didn’t understand it.” He pauses and tilts his head, aware somehow that his consciousness is altered, expanding to the beings in the forest. It’s a strange feeling, and his heart is beating fast.
“Everyone’s talking about it, you know,” the man says casually.
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock interrupts, before John can speak any further.
John turns toward Sherlock and his jaw drops. “Sherlock, you can’t be serious. You can’t just bring a bloody talking
John glances over his shoulder at Sherlock, who’s watching him expectantly, and something clenches in his chest at the sight. He ignores it and lays down beside Sherlock, copying his position and folding his arms behind his head as well.
“Look, Mycroft, it’s my Santa!” Sherlock says, unerringly finding it first, pointing to a side table near the entrance upon which stands a wooden Santa his Uncle Augustus had carved for him when he was a baby. Sherlock only gets to see it once a year, and it’s one of his favorite parts of the holiday; he loves to see his rosy cheeks and feel the smooth texture of his beautifully carved red coat. Mycroft puts his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, and Sherlock leans into the touch for a moment, looking around and feeling a sense of giddiness bubble up inside his stomach as he finds all his favorite decorations and spies the piles of gifts under their very tall tree.
Sherlock stands awkwardly next to the bed while John sets the monitor down on the nightstand. Sherlock’s heart is beating fast, and he can do little more than stare at John, who is fiddling with the buttons on the monitor and not looking at him. When John finally turns around, he takes in Sherlock’s face then frowns, and Sherlock starts to feel nervous, but John steps forward, crossing the distance between them and cupping Sherlock’s face in his hands.
And that’s it, that’s all he needs to hear because John sounds
John shakes his head. “No,” he says. “He’s not.”
“John,” Sherlock murmurs, voice low and pleading.
John stares at Mycroft, unsure of how to proceed, when the tea whistles.  He goes to the kitchen and pours a cup for Mycroft despite his earlier resolve not to, and brings it back, his thoughts far away from the menial task of making tea.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” John complains. He’s tired, and his head hurts. He doesn’t have the energy to think about Sherlock’s words.
go to the grocery store,” John replies, standing in place and dripping all over the floor.
“Well,” Sherlock says, “you’d best be off, then. John, get the door for our guest?”
“Really?” John asks incredulously. He laughs, his smile widening. “You just changed the wards? Just like that? Anyone can get in now?”
Sherlock doesn’t like traveling by Floo, but it’s worth the dizzying magic pressing up against him from all sides if it means he gets to go to Diagon Alley. Mummy goes first, then Mycroft, then Dad holds him close and they go through together.
“You have questions,” Sherlock says after a moment. His voice is strangely hesitant, and John takes a sip of tea, then leans forward to set his teacup down on the table, Sherlock’s hand drifting off his back as he does so.
“You noticed,” he says.
“But it’s not
“Shall we have a drink?” John says. “I can’t summon our drinks in here, can I? How do the wards work? If I leave, can I get back in?”
Sherlock picks up his own, then holds it out towards John. “To the inevitable,” he says.
Sherlock shrugs. “I thought sharing a hotel room with Mycroft was torture.”
“I love you,” Sherlock murmurs, though he feels the words aren’t enough to express what he feels, to impress upon John exactly how much he means them, to give voice to the certainty inside of him that he would be nothing without John, that the world would cease to exist if John weren’t here. “
“Honestly,” Sherlock says once they’re outside. “The nerve of that woman, calling herself a psychic.”
They’re silent for a moment, drinking their nectar. “I had a best friend once,” John says suddenly. He sees Sherlock’s head turn towards him in his peripheral vision, so he continues, his eyes trained on his glass. “I met him on the way home from school. I was walking home and I kept seeing these stupid bloody
“Why not?” John asks.
However, when he enters the flat, Sherlock just looks at him through narrowed eyes.
“Sherlock,” he says, his lips curling into a smile. He feels a rush of tenderness for this man who has done so
John comes home from the clinic the next day with a bag of Chinese takeout in hand; he knows it’s Sherlock’s favorite, and he hasn’t seen Sherlock eat a proper meal in a few days, so he’s hoping it will entice him.
There are so many strange things happening in this conversation that John doesn’t even have time to dwell on them. Instead, he focuses on the question asked directly of him. “I don’t have a wish,” he says.
Sherlock reaches into his suit jacket and pulls out a red handkerchief. He drapes it over his hand and holds it out to John.
“Tonight?” she asks. “Actually, I have plans. But what about tomorrow night? How about Sherlock comes along, too?”
John smiles, his eyes crinkling at the corners, and Sherlock swallows, his heart beating fast.
“Is that so?” Sherlock asks.  He phrases it more like a statement than a question, and he doesn’t sound surprised.  “Invite her, then.  She can meet you there.  Sounds like a lovely date, doesn’t it?”
Sherlock nods and ignores the little twist of pain he feels at the thought that John needs time away from him. John shrugs his jacket on and then comes over to the armchair. He leans down and presses a kiss to Iris’ head, then stays bent down for a moment, looking at her face, his fingers stroking over her fuzzy hair. His hand rests against Sherlock’s arm a bit due to their proximity, and Sherlock is dimly aware that he’s hardly breathing and staring at John’s head and watching the soft smile on John’s face.
John is on his way back to Baker Street, armed with grocery bags, and he’s walking quickly, palms sweaty around the handles of the bags. There’s a spirit behind him. It’s been following him since the grocery store, and it’s particularly big. It’s a long, winding, black shape, almost like a big distorted caterpillar, and on the end is a large mouth, red lips stretched over sharp, pointy teeth and two large, red eyes blinking at him. It smiles every time John turns to look at it. The smile is disgusting and John’s entire body is on alert. He’s trembling and sweating, but the spirit is following him sedately, so he’s not sure running will help.
“Mm,” John says.
He closes his eyes and tries to focus on his breathing. He breathes in and out, slowly, his breaths lining up with the slow tempo of the music.   He starts to think about Sherlock. Rather than just think of memories, he decides instead to think about
, John. The fact that you came here proves it. You are in charge of your connection to the spirit world, even if you’re still figuring out how to use it. How did you get here?”
Sherlock stands next to John with a small half smile on his face. “It’s nothing to do with you, Billy,” he says. “I think he just wants to stay with John,” he adds, watching as Redbeard’s head pops out of John’s collar from the inside, much to John’s chagrin. Redbeard squeaks in agreement, and Sherlock reaches out and rubs the top of his little head, resulting in more squeaks from Redbeard and a shiver from John when Redbeard’s tail rubs back and forth across the base of his neck.
“Here,” John says. “I’ll make some tea. Sit down.”
He’s come so close to losing it so many times today that each time is harder to control. His pulse is speeding up again, and he’s not sure he can keep whatever’s building up inside of him inside where it belongs.
There’s a food cart up ahead, though it’s not by any means a busy street, so it’s a strange location for one.  It’s a small, curtained off cart with a sign outside, illuminated by a string of light bulbs, that reads ‘Angelo’s.’  If it didn’t smell so delicious, John would turn around, given the strange location, but the smell is beyond enticing, so he takes a few steps forward, hesitating outside the curtain.  He’s just reaching out to part the red cloth when he hears a rustling coming from beside him, and so he turns to look, and then freezes, eyes open wide and hand halfway to the cloth.
Sherlock smiles, safe to do so since John can see nothing but his back, and he carefully makes the tea.
you, you know,” John says in annoyance, then pulls the ring out of his pocket and holds it out to Sherlock. “This. This! You
He sighs, stretching out his fingers, grimacing at the burn of callouses reforming. He’ll try again tomorrow, he thinks.
“You’re brilliant,” John tells him again when they part, voice hushed.
They turn the corner and Mary’s house is in front of them, a tiny one-person house with some cheery potted plants outside.  Sherlock walks right up the walkway and rings the doorbell.  John runs a hand over his face from where he stands beside him, hoping Sherlock doesn’t mortify him, but at the same time, knowing it’s inevitable.
“Let him out,” Sherlock says from beside him. He sounds eager, and John looks at his face and takes in his wide eyes and clenched hands and then turns back to the tube. Carefully, not knowing exactly what’s going to slide out of it, he cups his hand, then upends the tube into it.
John tilts Sherlock’s head up, and she leans down to kiss her, her mouth warm with the taste of Sherlock on her lips. “I love you, too,” she says. The moment is quiet and soft between them, and then John’s lips curl into a playful smile. “Did I deduce what you were thinking about?”
, I can’t take this anymore, please-”
“Perfect!” John says, and Sherlock smiles in agreement, watching as John carefully folds the belt and slides it into his pocket. “It’s our pact,” John adds.
Sherlock furrows his brow. “Er – it’s Kent,” he says. He wonders if he should have paid attention in geography after all because he wants to answer all of John’s questions.
Mycroft gives another tight, insincere smile, but doesn’t say anything, just inclines his head. Sherlock stands and John follows suit, still holding the tube carefully, wondering what’s inside. It’s not particularly heavy, but neither is it particularly light. It makes no sound when he moves it, and he doesn’t get any strange feeling from it, like he would if it were some kind of bad spirit. His curiosity is piqued, and he’s eager to open the tube.
Sherlock’s hands twist in his lap, but he still can’t look away, not from John. John’s concerned, he doesn’t
“A watched pot never boils,” Billy chimes from the mantle.
John swallows, though his mouth feels dry. “Tell me what?” he murmurs, hyperaware of every point of contact between them.
“How will you go back?” the woman asks.  She tucks a lock of hair behind her ear, watching him in concern.
“No one’s upset with you, Sherlock,” Dad says. He seems to understand the slump in Sherlock’s shoulders, the wideness of his eyes. “We’ve just never seen you do magic like that before. That was brilliant.”
The woman seems unfazed by the disembodied voice coming from John’s bag.  “He’s right,” she says.  “Please let me help you.”
“Er, taking a swim?” John guesses, though he knows it’s likely to be wrong.
“Sherlock,” John says when he steps inside, a touch of awe in his voice. “Sherlock, this is beautiful.”
John reaches up with clumsy hands to pull at Sherlock’s arms. Somehow, he manages to get Sherlock’s arms around him, and he collides into Sherlock’s chest, breathing in his familiar scent as sleep pulls him under.
of leaving me again,” John says, and Sherlock can’t help it, he
“It turned into wood when he turned back into a nutcracker!” Sherlock says frantically, his words interrupted by hiccoughs.
They don’t speak for a moment, just lie together, and John breathes in the scent of Sherlock’s hair, tangles his fingers in it, lets his other hand stroke up and down Sherlock’s back, tangles their legs together, presses kisses against Sherlock’s hair, cherishes him, worships him.
“That’s not allowed,” Sherlock says. “The things you think you want to know are exactly the things the fortuneteller can’t tell you. It would alter the path you’re destined to take. It’s what’s so dangerous about people like the first fortuneteller, pretending to be able to do things they’re not. Not to mention, it’s disrespectful of them, acting like they can do something someone else takes so seriously when they’re doing nothing but harm.”
Sherlock notices the set of his shoulders and jaw, the firmness of the hand he holds out, the strength and control of his magic. “Gryffindor,” Sherlock says without thinking. “Ex-Auror. Currently working as a healer in St. Mungo’s.”
“John Hamish Watson, born thirty-first March,” Sherlock says. His eyes are focused raptly on John’s and his thumb soothes over John’s cheekbone, a mirror of the way John had looked at him only moments earlier. John’s heart speeds up; he feels as if Sherlock is casting a spell though he’s only said his name, and John can’t look away; he is quiet and still under Sherlock’s gaze.
By the time they catch up to the group, they’ve already reached the bottom of the hill they’d just been standing atop, and they slow to the sedate pace of the spirits in line. The night is dark, but the ethereal light of the lanterns is warm and inviting. John glances at Sherlock with a smile, taking in the way the warm light reflects on his features. Sherlock’s pinky is pressed against his, and it’s soothing, feeling Sherlock so nearby in such a strange place.
John feels a shiver run down his spine. He wonders why he didn’t bring a gun, but he doesn’t even know if that would be effective on someone like Moriarty.
John’s in a good mood, and despite the initial awkwardness of the situation, he can’t help but be impressed. “Wow,” John says. “That’s – you must have a lot of stories.”
When they arrive at Baker Street, Sherlock hustles out of the cab, leaving John to pay. John’s not angry; in fact, it’s somewhat of a relief. He pays the cabbie and trails behind, walking slowly. Sherlock’s already in the apartment by the time John is starting up the stairs.
“Wouldn’t it be foolish of me to tell you?” John asks, his voice weaker than he’d intended it to be. This whole situation feels out of his control and he feels off balance, unsure of the man in front of him, and yet unwilling and unable to leave.
“Keep your head down, John, just like this,” Sherlock says, his long fingers pulling John’s head forward.
“Three years,” Sherlock replies. “Have a nice nap?”
; it feels, for a moment, like it did when they stood beside the tree in his ballroom so many years ago, and he looks up at the tree for a moment, then back at John, and John seems to know exactly what he’s just thought because suddenly they’re both giggling, the surreal quality of the moment washing over them, and Sherlock feels a lightness in his heart he doesn’t think he has felt since that one night, so many years ago.
Sherlock picks it up by the handle with his left hand and holds it out to John, who takes the other side of the handle with his right, and as soon as his hand is all the way around the handle, he’s no longer on Baker Street.
“I don’t know why you want to come,” John complains as he smooths down the back of his hair.
, John!” He’s shouting now, gesticulating wildly.
Mrs. Hudson beams. “Always so kind, John! You’re just what we needed around here! But no, thanks, I’m just fine.” She turns from him and heads up the stairs, and John watches her go for a moment before leaving the flat, a puzzled frown on his face.
John blinks. Two days? Dried blood? “Yeah, I think I’ll have one,” he says.
“Well, thanks for your opinion,” John says with a tight smile, shoving a cup of tea in Sherlock’s direction and forcing him out of his personal space.
“Aren’t I supposed to be helping you around?” John asks with a smile, his voice hoarse.
John furrows his brow. “Why not?”
John’s quiet for a moment, and so is Sherlock. Sherlock’s taking another drag of his pipe, and the smell, once annoying, has become comforting to John. “We met every day after school for a few months, until it was his birthday. We were going to celebrate together, but when I got to the park where we usually met, he was crying. He said it was time for him to go. I didn’t know what he meant; I thought maybe he was moving.”
Instead, he’s standing on a dirt path with Sherlock, in a place he’s never been before, surrounded by a large forest. John blinks in surprise and confusion. “What – how did we – where
“Do you still grow all that?” John asks a moment later, but his voice is carefully neutral, with no trace of accusation.
sitting on our coffee table. I’d have to be blind not to.”
“Sorry,” Sherlock says after a moment.  “It was – I – “
“On the contrary, Sherlock told me where to find you,” he says.
alive. So, essentially, your presence here ensures two things at the same time: that this building and its contents continue to exist and that Sherlock remains alive,” Mycroft says.
“John, stop and
The man leans back, closing his fist around the dog tags. John watches, feeling a strange helplessness as the metal cords slip between the man’s fingers, the dog tags suddenly far out of reach.
“That’s alright,” she says. “I don’t mind.”
He looks again at the door he touched, and sees that it’s an apartment he’s never noticed before, though it’s not his first time on Baker Street. “221B” gleams in gold on the front of the door, and he looks up at the building with a frown.
Sherlock goes back to the doorway to the living room and leans against it, watching John with a neutral expression on his face. “No one said you were,” he says.
, something with Mary, judging by the late hour, and something which has John’s footsteps slowing to approximately one-third of their usual pace.
“Yeah,” John says. “He said you used to play pirates with Redbeard.” He smiles; he can’t help it.
When Molly picks up, he feels his shoulders sag in relief.  “Molly, it’s John, we met-” John says.  He’s surprised at how steady his voice is, that he’s managing not to panic.
“Sit down. I’ll make tea.”
“You’re so brilliant,” John murmurs again, his voice quiet. “And so – you’re so handsome,” he says, voice turning to something just above a whisper.
“A friend?” Mary asks in surprise, looking around expectantly.
“John? Are you alright?” the woman repeats, hesitant but gentle.
“Sleep,” John tells him.
The taxi ride back to 221B is uncomfortable. Sherlock is slumped in his seat, gazing out the window, ignoring John. John glances at him now and again, but he knows Sherlock is probably watching his reflection in the window, so he keeps it to a minimum. He’s
“I didn’t ruin it,” Sherlock protests, but he lets Mycroft pull his jacket back into place and tug on the shoulders until it sits just right on his thin nine-year old frame.
“Is your room alright?” John asks, his fingers woven into Sherlock’s hair, his face just inches away.
Do you notice any other indicators that you are in the presence of something that means to harm you?” Sherlock asks, his words a fast, pointed rush.
Mary’s lips thin to a firm line for a moment, and then she nods stiffly. “I’m fine,” she says. “Do you understand what happened to you today? Did Sherlock tell you?”
on his
“He’s quite happy,” Sherlock says, standing up and going to the kitchen.
“Teach me again,” John says. His voice is quiet but strong, and Sherlock looks up sharply, sure he must be mishearing. “Please,” John adds.
“Sherlock,” John says. “You’re scaring me a little, you know?”
“Christ, look at you,” John says.  He sounds awed, impressed, and he’s still running his hands up and down Sherlock’s sides, leaving a trail of goosebumps in their wake.
“I’m not pissed!” Sherlock says, but the way he’s melted into his chair says otherwise. “Anyway, I can make a sobriety potion,” he adds petulantly. “It’ll only take a minute. I just need to get some leaves from one of my plants.”
He takes the stairs slowly, as usual, and opens the door. 221B is quiet these days; neither of them gives in to dramatics anymore, not after what’s happened. There was a time when he’d expect to see Sherlock shooting the walls, but he knows that’s not what he’ll find now, not with Sherlock being
“Oh, John,
“These are from Lestrade.”
When it’s over, Sherlock keeps his eyes closed, focuses on the sensation of John’s fingers in his hair, of his thumbs on his cheekbones.
“Oh, honestly, John, I thought you were marginally clever, just
“Yes, really,” Greg replies. “Sherlock keeps everybody at arm’s length except you.”
“Come on, John, or we’ll lose track of it,” Sherlock says, hurrying down the alley to follow the cloth butterfly.
John smiles. Carefully, she folds the paper, smoothing out the wrinkles and setting it aside before standing, crossing the room and coming to stand before Sherlock. Her small hands settle around Sherlock’s delicate waist, and Sherlock’s breath hitches. Sherlock closes her eyes in anticipation and dips her head down, and John stretches up on her toes and their lips brush, gentle, and Sherlock sighs, feeling something warm settle in her stomach, and presses her lips against John’s once more, chaste, soft, warm, sweet.
Angelo glances up before he starts to dish food onto a plate for John.  “Seems you’ve got something interesting in your pocket,” he says after taking in the direction of his son’s gaze.  “Sorry about that.”
in a way that is unsettling to say the least; John doesn’t like to think that his mood is so obvious that even Sherlock has picked up on it.
Exactly nineteen minutes later finds John and a now suit-clad Sherlock standing in the living room, dinner having been hastily cleared away by John as Sherlock changed into proper clothes. Redbeard is watching them from beside Billy; Sherlock has said Redbeard can’t come, and Redbeard seems sulky, if the way his tail lethargically swishes back and forth is anything to go by, but Billy is occasionally murmuring to him, and Redbeard’s head is pressed against Billy’s jaw. John feels surprisingly lonely without the little creature wrapped around him.
Again, his brain is visiting the alternate reality he’d constructed when John first told him he was getting divorced, only this time, it’s different. This time, John isn’t coming downstairs with his hair going every which way. This time, he wakes up in Sherlock’s bed with his hair brushing Sherlock’s chin, his nose pressed against Sherlock’s collarbone. This time, John’s clothes are hanging in Sherlock’s closet, John brings him tea in bed, John drops tea at his side while Sherlock stares down the end of a microscope but it’s accompanied by an affectionate ruffle of Sherlock’s hair, John is pressed against him, John’s lips are against his skin. He imagines it so clearly that he can almost feel John’s breath against him even now; the chance of this being a reality is making something inside him
“Sherlock,” Moriarty interrupts, and then stares at John with a raised eyebrow while he addresses Sherlock. “Tell your little
John smiles at the little pipe fox curled around his wrist. A month ago, he’d been alone, scared every time he left his house, with nothing and no one to live for. Now he has this strange group of ragtag friends that’s beginning to feel like a family; Mrs. Hudson, Billy, and now Redbeard. And on top of that, he has
“You should rest,” Sherlock says. His eyes are trained on John’s face, as if he’s memorizing it, and John swallows. He’s taken aback by the openness of Sherlock’s expression. Sherlock shifts where he sits, though, and it seems like he’s going to stand up and leave John’s side. John pulls on his hand.
“It’s alright, love,” John says.  His voice is hoarse from Sherlock’s cock hitting his throat and Sherlock whimpers.  “Just take a minute. Breathe.”
“You waited here for me all that time?” John asks, unable to focus on Mrs. Hudson and Billy while he tries to process everything else Sherlock is telling him.
Sherlock stops playing, but keeps his violin and bow at his side, a sort of armor against his own uncertainty in conversations of this nature. He’s unsure how to proceed; John usually follows his deductions with
“Are you serious? Are you bloody
Sherlock blinks in shock, then shakes his head, confused. “You – John, I don’t deserve you, I’ll never deserve you, you are-”
“Hello,” he says, keeping his voice gentle as he approaches.
John’s unsure of how to take that; although he understands now that he has a place in the strange world Sherlock belongs to, it’s still unsettling to think of how much power he wields. He eats instead of thinking about it too deeply, and Sherlock continues.
John smiles and steps closer to Sherlock, looking over his shoulder at the computer screen.
“A bit, though more intense,” Sherlock concedes, his heart beating fast. He’s never talked to anyone about this; never trusted anyone with his story. He subtly casts a spell around their table, making sure no one will overhear his words except John.
Mary raises her eyebrows in surprise. “Really? That’s a long time.   Do you know when he’ll be back?”
“That’s a bit philosophical, isn’t it?” John remarks, eyes following a small butterfly that flies over their heads.
. John pulls him forward, like he had at the crime scene, and holds him close, keeping his fingers threaded into his hair. Sherlock is stiff for a moment.
“And at uni?” Sherlock prompted.
He nods in determination and reaches out. The doorknob is icy cold, but he turns it nonetheless. The door opens with an ill-omened creak, and he steps through. The door doesn’t disappear this time; it stands tall behind him, and John hopes he can remember where it is when he needs it later.
The spirits’ presence is strong, and he tries to send gratitude to them through his mind, but he’s not sure they can feel it. His head is full of sharp, acute pain, so much pain that he feels dizzy and weak, but he doesn’t care; he needs to do this.
,” Sherlock says, taking a long drag of his pipe. “But nonetheless, it’s the truth. Now, work for me, and when your work counterbalances your wish, I’ll grant it.”
John takes the coffee and eagerly sips it as Sherlock takes the bandana. The coffee is done perfectly, and he feels as if his entire body melts in relief when he drinks it. Even so, he watches intently as Sherlock unfolds the cloth and then stares at it.
“It’s alright, John. Sometimes things happen that we can’t explain,” she says with a kind smile.
“Tea?
defective that makes it matter so much to him, but then he feels the crown in his pocket, and he feels the usual conflict rise inside him; perhaps it’s not a false memory after all. Perhaps it’s true.
John just stares for a moment, then closes his eyes, resigned to never knowing what Sherlock is talking about. “Right,” he says.   “Anyway, I don’t think I need to see a fortuneteller.”
The pipe fox winds its tail into John’s shirt collar again and cranes its neck so that its entire body is almost standing up and looks at him. John blinks – the creature really is quite cute, he has to admit, and he can’t imagine how it would be useful in a life or death situation.
,” Sherlock bites out.
“Sherlock?” he calls. “Did you make coffee?”
, but it feels as if he’s watching them happen to someone else from far away. He feels strange, as if his very being is slowly filling his body back up again. Though he’s travelled astrally before, he’s never done so while he’s awake, and returning to his body is a peculiar experience.
John nods, hope flooding him. “Please,” he says again.
“Ready for more?” John asks.  He licks his lips, and Sherlock shudders.
The man looks between the two of them, then sighs and looks at Billy, making a face of pained concession that looks quite fake in John’s opinion.  “My…apologies,” he murmurs.
“I’ll make you a cuppa,” Mrs. Hudson says. “You really don’t look good.”
, even if her past is anything but, and your hand is starting to have a bit of a tremor now and again, isn’t it?   She’s not what you need and never has been and you’re wasting your time and you know-”
“Is it difficult to talk about?” the fortuneteller asks.
again, and Sherlock looks away for a moment, a flutter in his heart that makes him feel like he’s floating, like he can’t breathe.
Sherlock’s answering small smile is so warm, his face sculpted in the flickering shadows of the lantern’s light, that John swallows against the emotion rising unexpectedly in his chest, suddenly very aware of their hands on the handle of the lantern. “You’ll see,” Sherlock says, his voice rich and dark, but hushed.
“Sorry,” John says. “It’s just, most people aren’t accustomed to talking skulls.”
“Really?” John murmurs. “I’d no idea.”
“What?” John asks, turning around abruptly.  “What?”  He looks between the two of them rapidly.  The man is smiling his smarmy smile, and Sherlock is just staring at him with a murderous expression.  Neither are looking at John.
Sherlock’s eyes narrow in on the shadows because for a moment, he swears he sees Uncle Augustus’ face there, but just as soon, it disappears, and his heart is still pounding in confusion when he turns back to the nutcracker. He feels a strange sort of dizziness wash over him, and he closes his eyes in alarm until it passes, and when he opens them, he’s no longer small; he’s back to his normal size. Sherlock’s eyes widen when he sees that across from him, the nutcracker has grown to human size, too, but he’s no longer made of wood; he has turned into a boy. He’s still wearing the nutcracker’s handsome uniform, but he’s a boy, just like Sherlock, with sandy blonde hair and blue eyes and a smile that stretches all the way across his face.
“Sounds like you had quite a dream,” Mummy says, smoothing his hair away from his face.
John feels disbelief swirl through his head; surely that’s irrelevant? But the monsters are suddenly hushed, murmuring amongst themselves.
John doesn’t say anything; he’s not sure he can. He shakily walks toward the stairs, grasping the railing for support. His bones feel like they’re breaking with every step, and his neck is burning. Mrs. Hudson follows closely behind him.
Sherlock blinks in surprise. “Yes,” he says, still feeling uncertain, but feeling something unfamiliar blossom inside of him. “They are.”
She doesn’t cry and he holds her with two arms, her head resting in the crook of his elbow. He swallows and is surprised by how thick his throat feels. He wonders how the fabric of his dressing gown feels on the back of her head, if she notices that it’s not John’s flannel shirts or John’s soft jumpers. He’s surprised by how warm she is; he knows, of course, that babies are living creatures and thus warm, but for some reason, he never expected them to be such a source of heat.
Witches and wizards are everywhere, and so is magic as they step out onto the street. The buildings crackle with magic, spells float about everywhere, and the headache Sherlock’s had since Mummy covered his unruly hair in Sleakeazy is already starting to magnify. They start to walk, Mummy saying something excitedly about Madam Malkin’s Robes for All Occasions and Mycroft walking proudly as if he’s been declared the first eleven-year-old Minister for Magic, but Sherlock feels like he’s surrounded by chaos. He winces away from a man walking by with an enchanted signboard, declaring in flashing and glittering letters a sale at Twilfitt and Tatting’s. The garish magic prickles against his skin like steel wool and he presses closer to Dad’s comforting orange magic, but there’s so much magic around him that he’s starting to feel sick and lose track of Dad’s.
,” Sherlock says. “I – I.” He stops, his breath coming faster.
“John,” Sherlock says into the warm, familiar skin of John’s neck, desperation washing over her, a desire to be as close to John as possible burning through her body. “I love you.”
“You’re not selfish,” John says. A small part of him is surprised at how intensely he means it. “Why would you even say that?”
Mycroft stares at John for a moment.  “I don’t know why he thinks you’re so special,” he muses, to which Sherlock throws a pillow in Mycroft’s general direction without turning away from the back of the couch.  Mycroft rolls his eyes and takes his leave.  John doesn’t bother following him; he doesn't exactly like him, after all.
Sherlock puts his hand in John’s hair again, and he feels his stomach jolt when John starts moving faster, his hand pumping along with his mouth.  Sherlock groans, and it grows higher pitched and louder and more frantic when John takes him even deeper, almost all the way to the base, and Sherlock feels his toes curl against the floor and his legs tremble and his hand is tightening in John’s hair and there are sounds coming from his mouth he had no
The woman comes back with a cup of tea, and John feels suddenly appreciative of her. “Thank you. I don’t even know your name,” he says.
John shakes his head, and his smile doesn’t waver. “It’s alright,” John says. “Next time you can touch me all you want.”
do something, can’t he? John has given him the clues to what’s possibly the greatest case he’ll ever solve, a case he couldn't possibly have solved before meeting John: his heart.
“It’s alright,” John says again. “You came all the way to St. Mungo’s for me. I wanted to make sure you were okay.” He pauses for a moment, then says, “You have wards down here? No magic?”
“I have exceptional hearing,” Billy says, and John wonders exactly what that means before he glances back at Sherlock and the woman beside him.  He stands up in alarm, though, when he sees the woman crouch in front of Sherlock, who is sitting still and watching her with clear interest.  She reaches her arm out to his stomach – only it extends past his flesh until her hand disappears.  It only lasts for a moment, but she reaches in, twists, and then pulls out the cupcake Sherlock had eaten earlier.
And then, his eyes shoot open because he’s felt a distinct shift in the atmosphere around him.  He doesn’t feel the darkness closing in on him anymore; he doesn’t even feel the unsettled chill that never seems to leave him in this place.  He feels nothing but focus and determination to find Sherlock.
Mary looks up at him. She smiles, but her eyes are sad and glossy. “You’ll hate me if you find out,” she says.
, he knows it. The cut on his cheek is still bleeding, and he feels another on his leg, just above his knee. The blood is soaking into his trousers, but he doesn’t mind. He doesn’t even know if the spirits will help him when they leave the forest, but he knows he’s doing all he can, and that’s enough for now.
“No, I really can’t,” John says, heaping coffee grounds into a new filter. “I want to know what just happened, I really do, but give me a minute. I can’t even think straight.”
“No,” Sherlock says, eyes trained on Molly while she works. “You don’t need to tell her anything. She already knows exactly what you want to know, probably better than you do, and she’ll tell you no more and no less.”
Sherlock scoffs. “That’s nonsense. You’d need much more data to determine that sort of thing. Exact time of birth, planetary positions…it’s why I’d never be a fortuneteller. There’s no room in my mind for that.”
John snorts. He’s not surprised, and neither is he offended. “Anyway,” he continues after a moment. “Why is it so obvious Mary went to Brighton by herself? Are you keeping tabs on her?”
John takes another sip of tea and lets his eyes close as he drinks.
“I’d like,” Sherlock blurts immediately, then blinks, realizing what he’s said. John begins to laugh, high-pitched giggles, and then he’s kissing him and laughing at the same time, and Sherlock thinks he’s melting into the couch.
“You’ve tasted it before,” Sherlock tells him. “Remember, that night we had wine on the roof when you first moved in? That was actually the nectar from last year’s ceremony.”
“It’s no trouble,” Mary says.  She gives him a soothing smile.  “No trouble at all.  I hope my ribbons come in handy for whatever it is you’re doing,” she adds, then gives a tremulous smile and closes her door.
“How’d you – right, I won’t ask how you know all that. You’re brilliant. But I don’t think I can afford the rent here.”
“Are you my enemy?” John asks. It’s the only aspect of the strange statement his brain is willing to focus on at the moment. He’s not sure what kind of answer to expect.
Mycroft gets his Hogwarts letter later that summer. Sherlock watches as Mummy hugs him, and then Dad makes a fountain of glittering confetti shoot from the tip of his wand. Sherlock giggles, delighted, and asks him to do it again. He does, because he likes to indulge Sherlock, and Sherlock watches carefully, feels the swirl of Dad’s warm orange magic and the distinct sharpness of his spell, feels the movement of his wand deep inside his stomach. He blinks, watches as the brightly colored rainbow confetti floats in the air, falls, and disappears.
“Lie down,” Sherlock says, voice soft, his hand shifting. He tugs a bit on John’s shoulders until John is lying on the couch, his head resting on a pillow on top of Sherlock’s lap.
Sherlock frowns, thinking about it. He thinks Mummy and Daddy might miss him and get sad. His shoulders fall.   “But –”
Sherlock smiles wide. “That’s the important question, John, isn’t it?”
“Let’s go to the roof,” Sherlock says. “I’ll just get my pipe. You wait here; you’re a bit shocky.”
“Er, that girl today,” John begins as they walk, glancing at Sherlock to see if he’s receptive to the topic.  Sherlock makes no indication he’s even heard John speak, so John continues.  “That girl – where exactly was I?  It felt like just ten minutes; I can’t understand how eight hours went by.”
, Mummy! You don’t understand! I went to his house! It was real! See, he put my belt in his pocket because we traded because we’re
, when he’d thought having John would make these black moods go away. It hasn’t, and in some ways, it makes them
“A ba-what?” John says, brow furrowing for a moment as he tries to make sense of both the man before him and his words. He shifts a bit where he stands, eager to end the man’s scrutiny, but the man’s intense gaze doesn’t waver.
, would you stop it?”
Sherlock shifts, though, and their cocks rub together deliciously, and a shiver goes down his spine and he settles, and John shifts on top of him and looks down at him, laughter still dancing in his eyes, and Sherlock’s heart beats faster and in the span of one heartbeat to the next, John is kissing him, long and hard.  He pulls away and Sherlock strokes his long fingers up and down John’s sides as John gets a proper bit of lube on his hand, then grins at him before kissing Sherlock’s chest, then licking and nipping his way down, making Sherlock shiver in anticipation.
“Come lie down with me,” John says.  He turns back the duvet and crawls into Sherlock’s bed as if he’s always slept there and Sherlock eagerly gets in beside him. John lies flat on his back and holds his arm out to the side, inviting Sherlock to curl up beside him. Sherlock does, throwing an arm around John’s waist, tangling their legs together, and resting his head on John’s chest where he can hear the reassuring thump of John’s heart beneath his ear. John kisses the top of his head and shifts his leg back and forth soothingly against Sherlock’s.
Sherlock is clearly uncomfortable.  “It’s fine,” he repeats.  “Apology…accepted.”  He blows across his tea and avoids John’s eyes.
“My apologies,” Mycroft says stiffly, giving a slight nod of his head in deference, though his raised eyebrows suggest he’s not sincere.
“It’s not far from here,” Zosima continues. “But it’s nearly impossible to pass through the forest around Moriarty’s den. If I go in too far, all of the energy just leaves my body; it’s the strangest feeling.”
Still panting, boneless with pleasure, he shifts onto his side, tugging Sherlock along with him. Sherlock follows willingly, his long limbs wrapping around John immediately. Sherlock kisses him, soft and sweet and uncoordinated. He’s still trembling. John runs his fingers up and down Sherlock’s back and pulls away, swallowing shakily, his heart still pounding.
Sherlock’s world shrinks to the feeling of John’s mouth on his, to the feeling of John’s hands cupping his head, to the feeling of John’s mouth parting against his. He feels as if he’s in a haze, and he eagerly opens his mouth to John’s. The silky smooth feel of John’s tongue is heavenly when it slides against his own and he sighs into the kiss, pressing closer to John. He lets his hands settle on John’s waist and then shifts closer still, eager to feel more of John against him.
John smiles. “Good,” he says. He lets his eyes close again.
He locks his knees and forces his back straight. He thinks of Arthur and his love for him, thinks of Greg and how much he looks forward to their visits. He thinks of how lucky and grateful he felt when he could stand under the beautiful warmth of the nectar tree, surrounded by thousands of the very beings that are about to attack him. He thinks of Angelo’s, of giving the protective arrow to Angelo’s son, of watching Angelo’s son stand up for him in front of thousands of spirits.
John is frozen, his eyes wide as he stares at the man in front of him, his heart hammering. This whole encounter has been odd, but he’s not sure how this complete stranger in front of him can
“I don’t, really,” John admits. “It was just…a bit of a shock. It’s the first patient I’ve had die on me in ages. It’s not like I work in the ER; it’s a clinic, for christ’s sake.”
“Are you crazy?” John says when he realizes that Sherlock is leading them out of the forest, back to the procession of spirits.
, and granted both of our wishes. Really, if I think about it now, it’s so
It doesn’t last long before John pulls away. “Come to bed,” he says. His lips are only a hair’s width away from Sherlock’s and his words feel warm against Sherlock’s skin. Sherlock nods, his nose brushing John’s. John smiles at him, soft and warm, and carefully undoes Sherlock’s top button. Sherlock watches, keeps his hands on John’s waist, revels in the tickle of John’s fingers as he works his way down the shirt and then untucks it from Sherlock’s trousers. Sherlock is breathing heavier, and his breath hitches when John pushes the shirt off his shoulders. It falls but gets caught on his wrists, and then John laughs, bowing his head and leaning into the crook of Sherlock’s neck, high pitched giggles filling the bedroom and his laughter warm against Sherlock’s skin. Sherlock can’t help it, he joins in, and pulls his trapped arms tighter around John until they’ve both stopped.
do that to John. “No,” he breathes.
“When I asked for them not to bother me, I didn’t mean I wanted them to bother someone else,” John says.
Sherlock lets John help him up, lets John right him when he starts tilting a little too far in one direction, lets John’s hand on his arm steer him towards his bedroom and send him off to bed.
“Something of mine?” Mary asks in confusion.
“No,” Sherlock says, rolling his eyes. “You’re clearly in pain. You seem to appreciate tea when there’s a problem. Therefore, I made you a cup of tea.”
The sight of him is too much and Sherlock lets his head fall back again, closes his eyes, focuses on the feeling of John around him. John wraps his hand around the base of his cock, and works it up and down as he bobs his head.
John doesn’t know why, but he feels a burning behind his eyes again when he thinks of that, of walking down this street and seeing the buildings on either side of this flat with no 221B gleaming proudly between them, with no violin wafting out the windows, with no Sherlock inside. His heart aches with love for the life he has, for this flat, for the man sitting so close to him.
“Mm?” John says, voice quiet and rough.
John gives Sherlock a distrustful look, but Sherlock only smiles wider, which makes John less and less secure about whatever it is they’re about to do.  He goes through the door apprehensively, and Sherlock follows him through to a strange, dark area.
Suddenly, seemingly of their own volition, his feet go up the two small steps to the door, and it’s strange, the way his body is pulling him towards this building. His brow furrows in confusion and his mind is shouting to go away, go away, go
John sighs, turning and going back to the kitchen. Sherlock gets up from the couch and follows, his dressing gown swinging behind him.
“Here, Love, I’ve made you a cuppa,” Mrs. Hudson says. John lifts his head and squints up at her. He gratefully takes the cup from her, wrapping his hands around its warmth and breathing in the comforting steam.
, or whatever they are, to start questioning how things seem on the surface,” he admits.
The spell of the morning hasn’t worn off; they’re both warm, pliant, hazy, sleepy.  But arousal and desire sing sharp in Sherlock’s veins, and he swallows, looking up at John and curling his arms around John’s back, letting his legs spread wider.  “You,” he says, voice earnest and rough.  “I want you.”  He pauses, thinks of staring at an empty chair for so long, thinks of staring at an empty space where a chair once was, thinks of a mustache that should never have been, of loneliness so all-encompassing he needed vices he hadn’t turned to in years just to make sense of it.  “Please,” he adds, letting his fingers drift up and down John’s spine, eager to feel his skin, to be sure he’s there.
“What about me?” Billy hisses, and Mrs. Hudson rolls her eyes and grabs him, holding him near the crack so he, too, can watch, something John wonders about considering the skull doesn’t have eyes.
Sherlock looks around him, and he sees the crown, suddenly tiny like a mouse’s head. He picks it up and clutches it in his hand.
“You’re an ex-Auror and a Healer,” Sherlock points out. “Does it really bother you?”
“But you came back, John, and you’re finally here and I’m trying to make you happy, but I don’t know how. And now you’re thinking of leaving and maybe you really will if I keep talking, but when I look at Iris, I see you, and I see all of the mistakes that I’ve made, but I see
John’s stomach clenches.  “No,” he says firmly, his voice rough.  He shakes his head.  “They won’t.”
“Problem?” Sherlock asks, adjusting his collar.
John nods eagerly. “Yeah, I was!” he says. “You’re brilliant! How’d you know that?”
“Billy,” he says desperately.  “I’m trying, but I can’t-“
, Sherlock thinks), and pulls Sherlock up to carefully get him on the couch instead. He pulls the blanket from the back and wraps it around him, then goes to his own chair and takes the blanket from there to wrap that around him as well. He casts a gentle warming spell.
When he is finished, he carefully moves John’s Union Jack pillow until it’s right in the center of his chair and lets his fingers linger on the familiar threading for just a moment. He swallows hard and lets his fingers drop, then looks around the room in hesitant satisfaction, and that’s when his eyes settle upon his violin case, sitting beside the couch and covered in a thin film of dust.
And then, his body exuding confidence while his stomach writhes in emotions he can’t understand or allow to take hold of him, he exits the plane.
“Well, yes,” John says hesitantly.
John looks at him, at the long line of his body, at the natural grace in which he moves, at the way in which he somehow looks like he belongs no matter where he goes, and he sits beside him with a sigh, folding his knees in front of his chest and wrapping his arms around them, looking out over the pond.
“Correct,” Sherlock says, nodding. “But don’t be careless, John, you can still die if you’re stupid.”
“Don’t run inside,” Mycroft says, and Mummy is standing by his side with an arched eyebrow that makes Sherlock scowl.
Sherlock sits on his knees in the alley, pulling a strange disc out of his jacket. It has some kind of runes drawn on it that John’s never seen before, and it’s about the size of Sherlock’s hand, making John wonder exactly what kind of pockets are inside his jacket.
“Get them yourself,” John says. He’s tired, and doesn’t want to go searching for Sherlock’s arrows.   “Don’t you have somewhere else you can shoot arrows without ruining our wall?”
He carefully retunes his violin, the sound soothing once more, spending extra time on the E string that has slipped since he’d changed it a few days ago. Once it’s tuned to his satisfaction, he pulls out his bow and carefully gets it ready, and once again, he swipes the bow across the open strings and winces at the roughness of the sound.
He’s distantly aware that the spirits are drawing closer to him, and he realizes that he must trust Sherlock if he wants to succeed. Sherlock told him he was strong and powerful, told him he can do this, and apparently everyone has known this for a long time – the spirits have always known it, Sherlock has always known it – John’s the only one who hasn’t believed it. He suddenly opens his eyes, a wave of concentrated energy and power washing over him as he lets himself fully trust what Sherlock has told him, fully believe in Sherlock’s words, fully believe in
He remembers the first time he came to 221B, the way Sherlock lounged on the couch, smoking his stupid pipe, drawing him in with his strange words. He remembers it so clearly he can almost smell the smoke, and he inhales deeply through his nose, imagining the scent. He remembers walking towards Sherlock, holding his dog tags out, remembers the metallic sound as he dropped the chain and tag in Sherlock’s hand, remembers how he made the mistake of thinking Sherlock didn’t care about people.
He is cut off by John grinning and abruptly rolling him onto his back, and his words melt into helpless giggles as John presses laugh-infused kisses down his neck, and then their laughter turns to moans and arched backs and desperate kisses and Sherlock thinks he has found heaven.
John ignores him again.
“Okay,” John says. “That makes sense, I guess. But why was Greg dreaming of our roof?”
He shakes his head and smiles kindly at her.  “No, of course not.  It’s okay to be scared, especially when you’re all alone in somewhere as dark as this.”
When he gets to their bench, Arthur is already there. He looks up with a furrowed brow when he takes in John’s appearance. He stands, and carefully, and takes John’s arm and pulls him down
Sherlock manages a small, soft smile. He closes his eyes again, though, and his smile fades. “I don’t know how to do this,” he admits. “I never thought you-”
John sighs and drains the rest of his coffee. He sets the mug down and frowns, then looks up at Sherlock. “Okay,” he says. “But I still don’t understand. What exactly happened to me last night?”
“Oh,” John says uncomfortably. “Are you-”
John smiles, though it’s a bit weary. “I’ll be here,” he says. “I guess I should go home now, though.” He stands and stays still for a moment when he feels dizzy. Arthur reaches out to steady him, and John smiles in thanks.
“You are most certainly quite delicious to them, yes. But don’t you find it strange that today of all days this spirit, of a magnitude you’ve never encountered before, decides to follow you around and go so far as to pierce your skin with its teeth?” Sherlock sounds a bit agitated, and John frowns.
“Right, ta for your permission,” John says sarcastically. He turns to Billy, ignoring Sherlock for the moment. “He said you’re very sarcastic,” John tells him. Billy harrumphs in a way that John thinks sounds proud, and John turns back to Sherlock, who looks impatient that John made him wait while he talked to Billy.
John sighs even as a smile overtakes his mouth. He turns and looks up at the sky. “Nothing is ever normal with you, is it?”
The fortuneteller smiles. “Don’t worry,” she says. “It will be fine. As long as you have courage, you’ll be able to face anything that comes your way.”
John bites back the
Still, the fingers of his other hand are clumsy where they struggle to glide across the strings like they once did. When he tries to play with vibrato, something he never used to have to think about, it sounds shrill and artificial, resting on top of the sound rather than being an essential part of its core. The sound is still unfocused, though it’s clearer than it was the day before, but he manages to play in third position without wincing at the shallowness of his sound.
“Sherlock,” John says. His voice is a whisper, and it melts into the skin of Sherlock’s neck in a way so intimate that Sherlock shivers. One of John’s hands cups the back of Sherlock’s neck, and the touch is so anchoring and yet unbelievable that Sherlock feels wetness behind his eyes, feels as if he can’t deal with the emotions that are consuming him, and he presses his face closer to John.
“If that’s what you believe, then maybe that’s the case,” Sherlock says with a shrug. “The world isn’t some infinite being that has existed forever and will exist forever. It’s not black and white, John. It’s what you make it.”
Sherlock holds his hands over John’s leg, right over where the curse lies. Gently, he probes with his magic, feels the shape and contour of it. It’s cold and steely, and makes him shiver when his own magic comes too close to it. He knows he can remove it, but it will certainly take concentration and effort. He’d told John it was like a knot, and it is, but it’s like an intricate knot of steel, one he’ll have to work very hard to untangle.
“I want you to tell me why you let that…that thing take out your soul!”
“Tell me everything,” Sherlock says. “Please.”
“You’re really not,” Mycroft says. “You are constantly getting into trouble.”
this place?” John asks.
“What difference does it make? You’d have thought I was mad. Better for you to find out for yourself,” Sherlock says to John, who can’t seem to formulate a response. Sherlock turns to the skull in his hand. “Long time, no see,” he says.
“No reason,” John says. His voice is a bit hoarse. “So my magic doesn’t – it’s not like the magic at St. Mungo’s to you?”
“Maybe he’s trying to tell you to lighten up,” Sherlock says.
“It’s worse on the way to Moriarty’s, but you can’t fear it, John. When you are in the forest, you must get the spirits on your side. Call to them. Focus on why you need their help, and your appreciation of them.”
Sherlock beams at him. “You should know, John, you were there,” he says dismissively, and then stands with a flourish of his dressing gown and grabs Billy, heading into the living room with him as Billy complains about rough handling.
“Thank you,” he finally says, opening his eyes to look at her.  His voice sounds strange to his ears, and he’s surprised he’s managed to take his senses off of the delicate package he holds long enough to speak.  “I’ll go now.”
Standing before him is a small boy, maybe seven years old, with copper colored hair.  He’s carrying a stack of dishes and staring at John, mirroring the same shock that John knows is on his face.  It wouldn’t be so alarming except for the fact that the boy has the ears of a fox on top of his head and a large bushy tail rising up behind him.  They stare for a moment, both equally as shocked as the other, and then the boy loses his footing, the dishes flying out from his grip.
“That’s it?” John says. “You’ve got nothing to say?”
“We go back many years,” Sherlock says.  He seems uncomfortable.  “He likes to consider himself a sort of…older brother figure, but I assure you, he is anything but.”
Sherlock disappears down the hall for a moment. John turns his head feebly and watches him go. He wants to protest, to tell him to come back, but his body feels weak and he’s not sure he can.
John stands stock still, heedless of the spirits around him, and realizes that the root of what brought him everything he holds so dear in his life is the very fear he’s working so hard to bury. He suddenly feels genuinely appreciative of the fear that’s coursing through his veins, the fear he’s been trying to push away. Fear brought Sherlock to him, and through fear, he has found acceptance, wonder, joy – he thinks of the way he feels at home in 221B like he’s never felt anywhere else, the way he marvels at the beautiful things Sherlock shows him, the way the two of them laugh together even when they shouldn’t, and he smiles at the absurdity of having these thoughts in the middle of this doomed forest, but he realizes that fear has given him
“I don’t understand,” John says. He feels like he’s been saying that a lot recently, and his head is swimming, worry and fear washing over him, threatening to pull him under.
Sherlock’s eyes crinkle in the corners as he replies.  “Starving.”
“And how do you know that?” Mycroft asks approvingly.
“Hello, Redbeard,” Sherlock says, opening his eyes and looking at him. The pipe fox squeaks and wriggles in Sherlock’s hands, then presses another kiss to Sherlock’s nose, making Sherlock laugh again. John’s watching in awe, feeling something twist in his chest as Sherlock holds the little thing in gentle hands.
The man hangs up and John is overwhelmed by the smoke. The man’s habit has become quite clear. John follows him to a corner, where the man stops and rubs at his neck, grimacing, as if more of his body is in pain. When the light changes, the man crosses the street, stopping in the middle of the crosswalk for a moment when a tall, fit guy says, “Anderson? Phil Anderson?”
“Remember our destiny,” Sherlock continues.
John spares him an un-amused
“It’s not a doll,” Sherlock protests. “It’s a nutcracker.”
? What does that even mean?”
“That was a close one,” Sherlock murmurs. “Next time, you should take Billy with you.”
Sherlock’s bedroom is cool and dark and Dad takes him to his bed and tucks him in nice and tight. Sherlock burrows into his blankets and Dad lies next to him on the bed, rubs his back, and lets Sherlock cling to him and cry.
“Your face is terrible,” Sherlock repeats.
“I thought so, later on,” John says. “But at the time I couldn’t figure out where I was. But why –”
“Where’s John?” he asks, voice tremulous, avoiding her arms.
John rolls his eyes at the abruptness of the text even as the corner of his lip quirks into a small smile. He stands and tucks his phone into his pocket, trying to keep his bad shoulder as still as he can all the while. It feels as if knives are twisting inside his joint, and his breaths are coming sharper and faster than usual he tries to breathe through the pain, but he does his best to push it to the back of his mind and focus on something else.
“That makes it so much better,” John complains.
“Let’s go to bed,” John murmurs. “Yeah?” His thumb is still moving back and forth along Sherlock’s lips, and Sherlock kisses it gently, closes his eyes, nods, and then John takes his face in both hands and kisses him, long and tender.
“I’ve met-”
John shrugs. “Figured you’d tell me if you wanted to,” he says.
Sherlock shakes his head. “No,” he says. “It was…” He trails off, swallows, rubs his thumb over the rough edge of the menu. “Everyone’s magic felt very different to me. Mummy’s was… cold. Dad’s was orange and warm. It was… when they used it, I could feel the magic shift and move in the air, and I could detect the difference in movement between different spells.”
He shakes his head and shoves his hands in his pockets, heading towards the Tesco he knows is nearby. He’s got plenty to think about, but his mind is drawn to the strangest, most mundane problems – he doesn’t even know what Sherlock and Mrs. Hudson like to eat or drink, or whether they prefer red or white wine. The whole situation is crazy, but he goes to Tesco nevertheless, letting the familiar actions of going to the grocery store soothe him, telling himself it won’t be a trip wasted if all of this turns out to be some crazy hallucination - after all, he can just bring the ingredients home and have a lovely dinner by himself.
have hands,” John interrupts, patience growing thin, “And they’re currently in charge of your well-being, so do shut up.”
, and then he sits beside him, staring at John intensely. Redbeard chirps against John’s neck and kisses him, and John blinks, looking at Sherlock.
John has a mysterious nighttime visitor who tells him a bit about Sherlock's past, and something unexpected happens with Mary.
“It’s alright,” John murmurs.  He cards his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, brushes it off his forehead tenderly.  Sherlock blinks up at him, his heart beating fast at the way John is looking at him, the way John is touching him, the way John is treating him like he is something precious, like he is a gift.  He feels splayed open and raw, like he is nothing but his heart, like John can see every inch of him, like John can deduce him down to the very last pore.  It’s terrifying, but it’s exciting, exhilarating, and he swallows.
John takes a step closer to Sherlock, heedless of the look in his eyes or the mess he’s created. He reaches out and wraps his arm around Sherlock’s upper arm, ignoring the way Sherlock tries to jerk out of his touch, and herds him over to the sofa. Sherlock is so surprised that he lets him, and sits down with only a few agitated sounds rather than a verbal evisceration of his roommate.
“Oh,” he says after a moment.
John doesn’t let go of his hand, he just pulls him inside, and Sherlock smiles when he hears cheerful music echoing through the entryway. It’s unlike anything he’s ever heard before, and John cocks his head to listen, then smiles. “Oh, it’s tea time,” he says. “They always play that when they’re making tea.”
“Oh,” Mary says. “You could have just said so.”
Sherlock doesn’t know what to do. He doesn’t know why the atmosphere changed, why it’s not heady and giggly and warm. “I’m sorry,” he says, mostly because he’s sure it’s his fault, even if he’s not sure what he did.
Sherlock nods, fascinated by the way John puts the belt in his pocket, by the way John smiles and sits and talks and
Sherlock doesn’t say anything for a moment. He turns, finally, looking at John in annoyance. “I’m not walking on eggshells,” he says. “The eggs are in the fridge, quite whole.”
After a moment, Sherlock rubs his cheek against John’s hand, and John leans forward, lets his nose ghost alongside Sherlock’s. Sherlock feels the warmth of John’s breath whisper over his lips, and he lets his eyes open, just a fraction, and he can see John’s lips, soft and warm in the glow of the fairy lights, and his eyes flicker between John’s lips and eyes, and then their eyes meet and he lets his eyes close and then it happens so naturally, as naturally as breathing, and their lips meet in a gentle, sweet kiss, soft and tender and perfect and Sherlock feels his heart swell, feels John’s fingers squeeze his own, feels John’s thumb stroke his cheekbone.
Uncle Augustus gives him one last pat. “You’re welcome. Now if you don’t mind, there are some mince pies calling my name,” he says, smiling at Sherlock. “Don’t you worry; he’ll be right as rain,” he adds before turning away.
“You don't keep in contact with anyone from Hogwarts? Or any Aurors?” Sherlock asks.
, you prick. I need you to get the fuck out of wherever you are and come with me, so if you would start bloody explaining things, that would really help,” John says, seething.
The kettle finishes boiling, and Sherlock looks at John expectantly.
“Alright?” John whispers. Sherlock nods jerkily, and he hears the rustle of movement as John manages to get himself down on the floor to sit against the couch, the only place near Sherlock where there’s room for him to sit.
John stands as well, his jaw clenched and his posture military. “Thank you,” he says.
“Oh,” Sherlock says, blinking for a moment. His eyes go unfocused somewhere to the right of John’s shoulder, and it looks as if his brain is rewinding through the conversation, and John grins as he watches. “Right,” Sherlock continues. “Now it’s a form of purified water, in a sense. Purified by magic, connected by its very essence to another place in which this water exists.”
“Alright. We’ll go,” John says. “But first, we have to celebrate our victory.”
“These other two are very precious, and I can’t risk you dropping them, even though it really should be your job to carry them, don’t you think?”
Sherlock gives a harrumph of a sound from behind him, and John grins.
Sherlock has come to measure his life in the things he cannot say, in the words he keeps deep under lock and key, buried inside himself.
John moves in with Sherlock a few days later, taking the upstairs room in 221B. It’s not very big, but it’s much nicer than the small, bleak bedsit he’d had before. It’s not much of a change in his routine, either, not when he’d been spending so much time at Baker Street already. He wakes up on his first morning there and makes breakfast, but Sherlock says he’s not eating.
Dinner is quiet, with a few more touches than usual but nothing too out of the ordinary. Sherlock isn’t sure how to act or what is supposed to happen when he feels fundamentally different but everything around him remains the same. When John comes back downstairs after bringing Iris to bed, though, he seems just as unsure. He sits beside Sherlock on the couch, nudges his knee with his own. Sherlock puts aside his laptop and focuses his attention on John.
“Good,” John says, nodding his strong jaw in approval once.
“How do you use it?” John asks, intrigued by the mention of Sherlock’s past as well as the tube in his hands.
The man shrugs and puts the ring in his pocket. “I suppose,” he says skeptically.
He’s interrupted when the server comes back, and John orders them a bottle of wine without asking Sherlock if he’d like to drink. Sherlock is grateful.
“You and Sherlock appear to be on bad terms,” Mycroft notes.
He takes a step and then flails when his foot lands in water and begins to sink. He reaches out for Redbeard and holds him tight, and together they fall, sinking into soothing, warm water.
souls. I’m not going to kill you. The price for that is far too high; not at all worth paying if you understand what it is. Taking a life unnecessarily is far too heavy. I simply mean something precious to the person whose wish I have granted. The soul of the wish, if you will. Now, shall we grant your wish, John?”
“Anyway, perhaps we should have a small party, don’t you think, Mrs. Hudson?” Sherlock asks, turning towards Mrs. Hudson.
John looks up and sees Sherlock. He’s surprised enough that he manages to gasp in some air, and he tries to breathe shallowly through the small coughs that still try to take over.
,” John says, narrowing his eyes.
“Sorry – mind palace?” John asks, sure he misheard.
The spirit follows him into his office. It doesn’t touch him, just sits beside him, giving the impression that it’s staring at him despite the fact that it has only a mouth on its eyeless face. John finds this almost worse than an attack. He’s not sure what to do; he’s at a doctor’s office, so he can’t feign illness, but he doesn’t think he can handle being in such close proximity to this…this
“As far as your strong spirit and determination, that’s in any beginner’s guide to astrology under the Aries section,” Sherlock adds. “And as for being worried about a relationship, who isn’t? She didn’t even specify what kind of relationship it is you may be worried about.”
“How do you know my name?” John asks suspiciously. His arms are still crossed over his chest, but some of the stiffness of his spine has settled.
The night is cool and enchanting around them, and Sherlock’s skin is smooth and warm against his. John glances at Sherlock for a moment, and Sherlock turns and smiles at him, his eyes soft and pleased. John returns the smile and looks back at the tree, glowing warmly in the night air. His heart beats loudly in his chest, a strange energy thrumming through his veins. The whole night is a blur, and the Chinese food he’d eaten with Sherlock in their flat seems like years ago. The only thing grounding him in this surreal experience is the very physical presence of Sherlock by his side, but somehow, even as it grounds him, it makes him feel like he’s floating away.
“Thank you!” John calls to her, feeling helpless, and Sherlock takes him by the elbow and steers him away.
– no, no, it’s the middle of the night, so he refines his search.
.” He pronounces the “t” sharply, and it seems to echo in the flat, now silent. Mrs. Hudson stands quietly and almost timidly in the corner as she watches the interaction with a hint of trepidation.
John shifts forward and brings their hips into alignment. Sherlock’s head tips back and he moans, and John puts one hand behind Sherlock’s head to take his weight, and with the other, he pulls on Sherlock’s supporting arm, urging him flat down on the bed. Sherlock acquiesces, and John kisses him, pressing him into the mattress.
He’s hard, harder than he remembers being in a long time, and when John’s hands drift down his back, he shivers, gasping into the kiss, and John pulls away, stroking one hand up and down Sherlock’s spine lightly.
so much. He feels laid bare sitting here on the edge of the bed in the face of the magnificence of the man before him, the man he has wanted so very much for so long.
A small smile builds on Sherlock’s face, but he hides it when John turns back towards him, still laughing. “Well, what is it, then?” Sherlock asks. “I don’t know why I’m expected to remember such mundane trivia, anyway.”
secret room, Sherlock smiles, his head resting on John’s chest, John’s fingers stroking through his hair. He thinks of how this room once was, how
John laughs, closing his eyes against the warmth of the sun as he does. “I was normal before I met you, I think,” he says, once the laughter has passed. He opens his eyes to turn and look at Sherlock once more, taking in his profile as Sherlock looks up at the sky.
in it as he looks up, his angular features illuminated by the moon. Something softens in John, and he smiles.
“You already deduced it, yeah?” John asks.
“If you boys are ready…?” Mycroft says.  Sherlock sneers and charges ahead, and John sighs and follows.
Sherlock nods, automatically reaching out for her and pulling her close when John leans down and carefully transfers her to Sherlock’s arms. She makes a pleased sound and mouths at his shoulder with a wet, open mouth, and John snorts. “Yeah, I’ll get on that bottle,” he says, his fingers drifting out of Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock presses a kiss against Iris’ forehead when John goes and breathes her in.
