For once, it didn’t sound like an awful idea. Things were happening to him now—all of them centred on Sherlock, which might’ve been pathetic. Still, it was more than he’d had a few months ago, and Ella (not to mention Harry, the only other person reading John’s blog) would probably be thrilled to know that he was dating someone.
Sherlock thinks in despair. He knows that John is loyal, John is faithful, yet at the same time, he can’t help but wonder how long he has before John cuts him loose: lets him float alone and rot and sink like an abandoned ship at sea.
Afterwards, while his breathing slowed and his mind grew sluggish from the rush of hormones, Sherlock imagined giving John’s bottom a slap, just hard enough that the flesh dimpled and pinkened. John would be startled at first, but then he would lunge at Sherlock for another playful wrestle, this one halfhearted and gentle, broken frequently by long periods of languid kissing and smiling into each other’s mouths.
John no doubt is primarily concerned about the final item, since Sherlock has on occasion withheld crucial information (and, during one such instance, caused John two years of grief), but complying with all three is doable, Sherlock thinks.
The women’s toilets were deserted, as they usually were. Less women on staff at the Met, John supposed, or at least not many in this part of the building.
‘Seriously?’ John wanted to say. ‘It’s not even seven yet and you want this to be over?’ But swift on the heels of that thought was: ‘He’s giving you space. He’s not being pushy. Exactly what you wanted.’
Sherlock was gasping now, both his hands curled into fists against his thighs. Trying not to touch himself even as his head filled with images of John moaning, John fucking himself, John wanting it so badly he gnashed his teeth and whimpered into his pillow.
When their food arrived, Sherlock ignored his own spaghetti bolognese in favour of watching John devour his lasagne with the intensity of a hyena watching a lion feast on a gazelle, waiting for its turn at the carcass. Although, John supposed, this hyena was rather more interested in the lion than the carcass.
As though aware of John’s thoughts, Sherlock spun around, peered into the mirror above the mantel, and began to finger-comb and ruffle her curls back into place.
Sherlock, a short distance away from where Mrs Hudson stood with the hat, flattened his ears and hissed. The thick black fur along his back stood up straight until he actually looked quite festive: an appropriately Halloween-ish black cat.
John’s smile is kind and empathetic. Despite himself, Sherlock feels slightly warmed by the sight. “Okay,” he answers softly.
Mycroft thumped the metal tip of his brolly against the floor, and immediately the car began to slow and drift towards the nearest kerb.
A pension won’t go far in London. You had to find a flatmate. But according to your blog, which you started in early December, you didn’t move in with Harry until late February. If you and your brother were close, you’d have moved long before then. But no, you waited until you had no other choice. Not to mention, he’s replied to nearly every one of your blog posts, and you’ve not responded to any of his comments. He’s reaching out to you, but you’re not reaching back. That says you’ve got problems with him.
Sherlock was already moving, grabbing one leg and helping it straighten, massaging the muscles in John’s upper calves. John whimpered, relieved, and hitched his leg even higher, hooking it over Sherlock’s shoulder. The other leg remained low, pressed against Sherlock’s hip.
When John came, flushed and panting and halfway off her chair, she giggled a bit and looked at Sherlock, her eyes bright and happy. Like those first few moments after a ridiculous chase, when they were still catching their breath: John laughing and leaning into Sherlock, grinning up at her like she was the only thing in John’s world that mattered.
See this is why I’m a rubbish person to fancy. I think and do things I know are awful. I’m a complete cock.
Of course he could. And he did. Putting his feet on the furniture, taking over everything from changing Rosie’s nappies to feeding her, even washing and folding some of Rosie’s clothes.
Possibly less because of the talk of murder and graphic photographs and more because of Sherlock’s response to being asked to stop (“It’s not even the death that offends you,” he’d sneered at the barista. “It’s the nudity. Your haircut says repressed, your shoes say conservative, the gold crucifix hidden beneath your shirt says devoutly religious—tell me, does it offend you to know that if I thought my companion would be receptive, I’d crawl beneath this table right now and take his
He fetched a clean glass from the cupboard and tore open a corner of the blood bag with his teeth. Immediately John could smell it and felt his top fangs begin to drop. He saw that Sherlock’s had as well and also that he’d got a tiny smear of blood just below his lip, which he licked absently off as he poured half the bag into the glass.
As good as a physical touch, Sherlock’s look was. Something like a nuzzle or a nose kiss, sweet and soft but with the promise of heat. “Come home with me?”
John frowned at the screen, then turned the phone over in his hand so he could peer at the camera. Or where he thought the camera was, anyway. He couldn’t see any scratches, although he didn’t doubt they were there. Harry had always been rough with her belongings, particularly when she’d been drinking.
He’s constructed what he thinks (hopes) is a convincing argument in his favour and is prepared to dive straight into it, but John only shrugs. “Okay.” He hands the carrier bag to Sherlock. “Here. You can put these in the cupboard. I hope pasta for dinner is all right with you.”
“A growth spurt. Fucking hell.” He hurried after Sherlock, who had already taken off down the pavement. “Is that what it’s actually called, or are you still trying to get me to think of myself as your child and call you Daddy?”
“No.” John laughed. To Sherlock’s relief, it was a sound of genuine amusement rather than a front. “No, I prefer to use them actually. I’ve never had the pleasure of sitting on the toilet shitting out come after sex, but I’m not exactly keen on it.”
John smiled and came even closer, until Sherlock had to spread his thighs wide to give John room to stand between them. “Of course you will. You love being good for me, don’t you?” He laid his hands on Sherlock’s head, sinking his fingers into Sherlock’s hair, and Sherlock sagged forwards, resting his cheek against John’s jumper and curling his arms round John’s waist. “Good boy. Could you put your new collar on for me while I use the loo?”
John hums and wriggles his bum playfully. It’s surprisingly pleasurable, in primarily a mental and emotional sense, for Sherlock to press his cock against John even in a post-coital state. Intimate beyond simply the sexual.
Seeming to understand he had John’s full attention now, Sherlock quickened his pace until John was moaning ceaselessly, thrusting erratically into Sherlock’s grasp.
It was enough to splinter Sherlock’s already fragile control, like a bullet through a bit of rotted wood. Echoing John’s sobbing moans, he buried his cock as far into John’s arse as it would go, until John could probably feel Sherlock’s trimmed pubic hair against his hole, and filled the condom with come.
John flinched, her facial muscles contorting, and Sherlock left immediately off with a fervent mental swear. Of course John wouldn’t want to be reminded of the men she’d dated now, when she was no doubt still smarting slightly from the last one. Thoughtless of Sherlock to bring them up.
Her arms and legs were shaking, weakened by the exertion, and as she swung one leg over Sherlock’s hips, straddling her lap, a fat drop of sweat fell from her forehead to just below Sherlock’s ribcage.
Then she realised she was stroking Sherlock’s wrist more vigorously, turning the skin an irritated pink. Grimacing, John lifted Sherlock’s arm and kissed her wrist in apology. She kept the touch light, barely even a brush of her lips against Sherlock’s skin, but Sherlock’s answering groan, followed by another squeeze of her thighs, gave John the encouragement to go a bit further.
“Not sure. You’re unpredictable at the best of times, but lately you’re….” John always grimaced when he was thinking, as though it hurt. It was hopelessly endearing. “I dunno. Whatever’s worse than unpredictable? No, not worse. I don’t mean it’s been bad. Just… you know.”
Shape indicated the toy was suited for both vaginal and anal penetration, although length and angle of the curve suggested it had been designed with G-spot stimulation in mind: although prostate stimulation wasn’t out of the question (and could in fact, depending on position and skill, be guaranteed), neither was it the primary function. John (a doctor, and a very capable one) would have known this. Therefore, the prostate wasn’t the point. The texture, the ridges: it was the sensation of the penetration itself, the feeling of the toy pushing into him, the waves gliding back and forth over that sensitive ring of muscle. External stimulation. John probably loved that moment just before he was breached, the toy’s slick head rubbing over and over—
Trying to slow his breathing, slow his heartbeat, John thought, but his fight-or-flight kicked in and drove him higher. He was so close. His orgasm was
“Hurry up,” Sherlock snapped. Her mouth was glistening with saliva and wetness, and there was a whitish smear on her chin. “Get yourself off and then
The man approaching was familiar, although it wasn’t until John glanced around and spied a sleek black car idling nearby that he realised where he recognised him from.
I don’t! Look, I understand if you were embarrassed and I’m sorry if I gave the wrong impression but I’m not gay. I’ve got a girlfriend.
The monitor hissed and crackled. John tipped his head up, unnerved although he couldn’t say why. When Rosie went silent, he threw himself off the bed, barrelled through the door and towards Rosie’s room.
Then: the toilet cubicle at Scotland Yard, frotting against John’s bottom while John squirmed like a needy tart. The pressure against her thighs, so sweet, making her desperate. It had felt so good she’d wanted to scream when she came.
“Okay,” says John, looking patient. So very patient and attentive, while Sherlock is a disaster who cannot construct a single useful sentence, much less the veritable speech that would be required if he were to explain everything. “It’s okay. If you don’t know or you don’t… if you aren’t comfortable talking about it, that’s—”
Suddenly John was quite relieved that the room was dark. That way, he couldn’t see the details of Sherlock’s expression, and he could at least pretend that Sherlock couldn’t see his.
It was absurd, really, the little flash of pride he got from that simple action. It was hardly even a sham when he raised his chin in triumph as he carried the ball back to John.
“Kill first if you can manage it,” he said, mostly cheerful again. “I admit, there’s—” He breathed in, his eyelids sliding shut. His voice pitched deeper. “There’s nothing quite like feeling something die in your mouth… the slowing pulse against your tongue, but most creatures will fight you, quite viciously, and you’re weakest when you’re feeding.”
“Oh, yeah.” John grins, as wide and bright and welcome as a sunrise. “Not a problem. I can do that.”
“Were you trying to get out?” she said, scratching behind his ears. “Do you know what happens to cats that go outside? They catch diseases and get run over by lorries, and we don’t want that to happen to you, do we?”
“Come on, Sherlock,” John says, “come for me,” at the same time that Mycroft murmurs, “It’s all right, Sherlock, just let go.”
John had only ever seen a fucking machine in porn. In person, it was a great deal more intimidating than he’d imagined. Louder too—the noise itself was similar to the whirring of a blender but with the volume of a hoover. Apparently the walls of the flat were thicker than John had realised; it hadn’t sounded nearly so imposing before he’d opened the door—or perhaps, more likely, his shock was simply making him hypersensitive to it.
But even as he’s saying it, he knows it doesn’t make sense. His desires are as foreign and abstract as the Google search results that frustrated him so. And if Sherlock, after all this time, still doesn’t understand them, what hope does John have?
He sent the message and then, on a whim, popped over to his own profile, where he was greeted with a photo of himself, taken from a similar angle as SH’s except that John had been entirely shirtless and had made sure to keep his lips, stretched wide in a smile, in the picture as well.
John’s bed seemed unusually small that night, and he thought of Sherlock’s sinfully soft sheets as he wrapped his own cheap, stiff ones around himself and fell asleep.
“Oh, yes,” said Sherlock. Her voice was low, thick like honey, and John swore she could feel it seeping into every crevice of her body. “Sweet girl. Wet now, aren’t you?” While John nodded, Sherlock switched out her single finger for two and answered John’s whimper with a groan. “Good. Let’s see if we can keep you that way.”
As he stepped onto the pavement outside and began to walk towards the nearest Tube station, he pulled his phone from his pocket, intending to text Sherlock. About what, he wasn’t sure. Just something short and cheeky, something that would make them both smile.
“Right,” John answered tersely, his hackles high. Privately he thought that he’d spent far too much time focusing on himself, being by himself, taking care of himself. What was wrong with wanting to have someone else in the picture?
“Nor has the tremor in your left hand made an appearance. And it’s been weeks since you used your walking stick.” Sherlock’s thumbs dipped into the cleft, framing John’s arsehole, and John started with a strangled sound. “You should fire your therapist. I’ve managed to do what she failed to do even after months of work.”
JohnHWatson: I just think it’s funny you can come across as charming sometimes and a bit of a prick at other times.
Then John began wearing her hair in a high ponytail (even though it was scarcely long enough for it, and thick chunks of hair continually slipped from her hairband and fell in her face, which made her scowl and huff).
He sat down at his desk, took out his computer, and googled ‘shades of purple.’ When he’d finally narrowed it down to the closest match, he took up the BlackBerry again.
The edge in his tone might’ve been a bit more threatening, he supposed, if he weren’t reclined in a hospital bed in the early stages of death, a heart monitor beeping increasingly weakly to his right. As it was, Sherlock only cocked his head and blinked rapidly—one of his favourite ways to indicate that he thought John was being ridiculous and he had no intention of listening to a word John said.
It seemed hours had passed before Sherlock had had his fill of the fantasy, and even then he slipped it back beneath the floorboard with reluctance, stroking it once, tenderly, before he hid it away again.
Sherlock had chosen the silver dildo today. It was thinner than the purple one that John favoured, but also longer, stiffer, and with a nice fat head that always passed John’s G-spot entirely, teasing her with the feeling of
Sherlock laughed, a rich and gorgeous sound, and then they were walking, Sherlock leading John away from the crowd and the crime scene, giggling.
“We’ll have to sneak out for dinner,” said Sherlock. “Mrs Hudson is no doubt lying in wait downstairs, ready to accost us with
“You can return it if you’d like,” said Sherlock. From the corner of John’s eye, he saw Sherlock’s shoulder lift and fall. “I only thought it might suit you. It’s a nice colour, ash.”
There weren’t many people out of doors on Baker Street. A sombre couple entering Speedy’s, a group of raucously laughing teenagers across the street, a man approaching from the opposite direction whose heartbeat jumped when John marched past him. John tried to pay them little attention, although he could smell their sweat and blood and breaths and hear their weak little hearts and lungs working so tirelessly to keep them alive.
As John got off the lift on his floor, the BlackBerry chimed and then continued to chime four more times as he walked down the corridor to his flat, unlocked the door, and let himself inside.
Sherlock had already scoured the ensuite earlier as part of his full-house investigation. Still, John led him to it again and waved vaguely towards the mirror, but Sherlock didn’t ask for specifics. He set Rosie on the floor, stepped onto the closed toilet lid, which creaked under his weight, and reached until he could prod at the ceiling.
. So John put all her weight on Sherlock, slotting a thigh between each of Sherlock’s and giving her as much of a solid surface to rut against as she could.
Practically preening at that, Sherlock finished what he was doing—typing a text, by the looks—and returned the BlackBerry. John glanced at the screen, which still had the text message open (
Still, it was hard to regret the decision when Sherlock appeared so genuinely delighted by it. “Ohh,” he said, breathless with marvel, as though John had just presented him with something more significant than a sodding
Oh, that was a nice thought. Sherlock licked his lips and arched his spine as though into John’s touch.
John had only been standing in the kitchen entrance for a second or two, watching, before Sherlock whipped around with a blood bag in hand, which he shoved in John’s direction.
“Oh, right,” John said weakly. It felt as though there was a thick, heavy stone bobbing in his throat. “A new case?”
. Sherlock lowered his head back to the mattress, although he gave into the urge to wiggle his bottom, focusing on the messy, open feeling in his arsehole so he didn’t dwell on the loss of John’s prick and that deep, throbbing pleasure.
“Impressive,” said Sherlock. The word was muffled by John’s mouth, as were the ones that followed. “Fantastic. I underestimated you. I
Instead, she left the kitchen after lunch to find Sherlock sprawled on the living room floor, rolling from one side to the other and rubbing his little face blissfully against the pirate hat. He must’ve nicked it when Mrs Hudson wasn’t paying attention. Both feathers were wet and matted, one of them bent in the middle.
John swallowed, trying to keep his temper from flaring. After all, four in the morning or not, hadn’t he already upset Sherlock enough for one night? Even if showing up like this was invasive and rude to the point of absurdity and no one in their right mind would go along with it, not even if they
Instead, he feels his eyes begin to burn, his vision to blur. Surely he isn’t getting upset. Why is he getting upset?
One afternoon, he removes his clothes and tidies the kitchen cupboards, standing with his arse to the sitting room for ages until John finally comes up behind him and yanks his head back in one swift motion. Once Sherlock’s head is sufficiently pillowed on the top of John’s shoulder, John noses at his cheek and kisses his jaw, murmuring “That’s it, Sherlock. Get hard for me,” while Sherlock’s prick thickens slowly until it is fully erect and throbbing in John’s surprisingly slick grip.
A woman at the surgery where I started working. We went to dinner a few nights ago. We’re going again tomorrow.
Even though Sherlock’s own prick was still flaccid (and likely to remain that way), it felt good. Startlingly good. It was a dull, deep sort of pleasure that grew slightly stronger with every push of John’s cock into his hole. In minutes, Sherlock was clasping the bedsheets in his fists and gasping, wanting it to go on and on indefinitely.
“Yes,” Sherlock says, feeling suddenly quite waspish, “thank you for the warning, although I’m sure we can handle it.”
In your own estimation, your outlook is bleak. I suspect you contemplate suicide daily. Perhaps you’ve even bought the gun.
The other, larger, part of John knew very well that the gift was meant to make him feel wanted, and that he was overreacting because he didn’t want to be swaddled in a nappy and cooed at or bent over and thrashed.
After adjusting his grip on the laundry basket, Sherlock kept walking. He made it two steps before freezing. His shoulders tensed; his eyes narrowed.
John’s lip quirked up into a half-smile, and he stroked down Sherlock’s spine again, making Sherlock shiver. “Fine. But only for a bit, and I’m not hitting you hard. All right?
! I don’t even smoke!” before digging the crumpled nicotine patches, which John had forgotten about and certainly hadn’t realised Sherlock still had on him, from the pocket of his trousers and tossing them childishly at DI Lestrade’s feet.)
The same could be said of a lot of Christians, John suspected. Maybe even members of other religions.
“Please,” Sherlock answers, and within seconds, he’s being fucked so hard he can’t form words at all, only deep grunts and throaty “uh, uh”s while he drops his knees and does his best to wind his entire body around John like a vine.
Resolute, she shoved the sensation to the back of her consciousness, focusing entirely on John, who was still thrusting against the heel of her palm. Her cunt made moist smacking sounds, reminiscent of a wet kiss, every time her hips fell back to the mattress.
The moment the door to Sherlock’s flat closed behind them, John was shoved against it and snogged. The Primark bag in his hand fell to the floor with a thud. He twined his fingers in Sherlock’s hair and squeezed Sherlock’s knee where it was pressed between his thighs. He felt greedy. He felt a mess.
Sherlock cared somewhat less about chafing than he did about being John’s good kitty at the moment, but the results were the same: he hefted up onto his knees and elbows and tried not to think about how strange and empty he felt without his tail.
“Fuck,” John said, more breath than voice. Her hand moved faster, and she moaned softly as her finger slipped, breaking her rhythm and losing her sweet spot. She felt her lower back begin to arch and her legs begin to tense in frustration. Oh god, she wanted it. She wanted—
“Shh,” John says. “For now, let’s just have a bath so I can clean your back. We’ll talk more later, all right?”
“You’d be surprised,” said Sherlock, “how ignorant people are of their own motivations. I once investigated—”
What did John think? John felt his lip twitch in amusement. ‘That you sound like an arrogant smartarse,’ he wanted to say. ‘That I can’t imagine anyone in their right mind would be interested in reading an analysis of 240 types of tobacco ash.’ Instead, he said:
But he remained more or less stable. After a long, deep breath, he seemed to gather himself again and stepped back.
Sherlock’s adam’s apple bobbed, and he inclined his head. His erection, John noticed, hadn’t diminished at all. John spared a moment to curl his fingers around it and followed the thickest vein up the underside with his thumb, stopping at the fraenulum to trace feather-light circles over the sensitive skin there. Sherlock jerked against the ropes with a startled whimper, and his cock grew even harder in John’s hand.
I never said I was smart. And I wouldn’t really you call you a stranger since I know your name and now your number.
John wrinkled his nose but didn’t seem otherwise fazed at the sight of a yellow-gold band on Sherlock’s finger. “What’s wrong with yellow gold?”
And then he saw it. A flicker, gone as soon as he’d tried to blink it into focus, but it was enough. It had Mary’s shape, Mary’s hair, but its skin was grey, partially rotted; blood dribbled from its torn mouth.
That brought John back to the point. Clearing his throat and shaking his head as though shooing away his brilliantly filthy imaginings, he stepped back. Sherlock missed his body heat and touch keenly, but reminded himself of the necessity.
Mary may not have been angry when she’d been alive. But how could she not be furious now that she was dead?
You aren’t painting a particularly happy picture, no, but neither is it terrible. For instance, from your emails and your blog you don’t seem the sort of person who would be a nightmare to live with. Tetchy, yes, but that’s far from the most obnoxious quality someone can possess. In fact, even your punctuation is more offensive to me than that.
As Molly hurriedly removes her protective gear, Sherlock slips his hands in the pockets of his coat, allowing the left one to scrape his hip, digging into his trousers which press against his pants which puts pressure on the wounds.
In the end, John signed off the fetish site without adding any new relationships of his own or doing anything about Sherlock’s. If Sherlock wanted an official relationship—as it seemed he did, although it still did John’s head in—then, brilliant gorgeous madman or not, he could bloody well ask like a normal person.
Sherlock’s eyelids fluttered closed, and he tipped his head back, opening his mouth wider as he took the toy in deeper, sucking at it like it was particularly good, thick prick. His cheeks hollowed, his throat worked, and John’s cock began to harden and strain against the confines of his trousers. It was a gorgeous, dirty display.
The gunshot was deafening in the silent room. Across the courtyard, the unknown man fell. John dropped the gun to his side, heart in his throat, and watched as Sherlock rushed to the window, looked out, and met John’s eye.
Luckily, John likes a mess. Sherlock can feel him staring appreciatively, taking in every fresh tear and surge of spit and revelling in the wreck that Sherlock has become at his hands.
Immediately, John’s fingers curve, and he drags his nails in a swift swipe from Sherlock’s shoulder to the bottom of his ribcage.
John could relate. He was beginning to do a bit of that right now, it seemed, since he felt conspicuously
“That’s it,” Sherlock was saying. He still sounded so hungry, so desperate for John to continue. “Is it good?”
He didn’t miss the way the line of Sherlock’s shoulders tensed and then hunched. Idiot. Just as much of an idiot as John, apparently.
There was no reason the sight should’ve affected Sherlock like a blow to the head. John’s arse in dark-grey trousers was nothing he hadn’t seen before, nothing worth staring at in awe as though he were an unnaturally sheltered teenager who’d never before glimpsed an attractive human. Sherlock didn’t do that sort of thing. He was above it.
John is wearing his oatmeal-coloured, cable-knit jumper. The one he believes, mistakenly, that Sherlock despises, but in fact, Sherlock has become astonishingly fond of it. In fact, he has long, sordid fantasies about peeling it from John’s body.
Sherlock cocked his head, trailing one of his thumbs thoughtfully across his bottom lip. It was embarrassing, frankly, how intently John was tempted to watch its progress, and as though sensing the thought, Sherlock beamed, giving John a good long look at the crinkles at the corners of his eyes. His dimples as well. And his cheekbones. His full, pink lips, with his thumb still stroking back and forth along the bottom one.
Sherlock paused, peering at John as though he were a curious little specimen that had begun behaving oddly. “She invited me to have coffee. I thought she might prefer to see for herself that my interests lie elsewhere. I thought that was kinder than telling her outright that I’m not attracted to her.”
Her entire body seemed to surge to life, and she wasn’t just circling her hips any longer, but actually properly
As he raised his arm experimentally, John realised what Sherlock was after. The shirt had begun to ride up a bit, exposing the waist of his jeans and a sliver of his bare skin. So he stood and repeated the motion, then snapped photo after photo until he had a shot he was satisfied with: his nipples just beginning to pucker, a thin strip of his stomach bared.
Which did not, John reminded himself, mean he wasn’t a creepy bastard—and a potential threat besides.
Sherlock mounted the staircase and began to climb. Then, seeming to finally understand that he’d not answered John’s question at all, he hesitated on the third step and looked back.
Sherlock returned then, and John could tell from the way he clomped down the stairs that he was disappointed. “Nothing secluded enough,” he muttered sulkily. He didn’t so much as glance at John as he hopped off the last step.
Sherlock hopes that isn’t meant as any sort of reassurance, as he doesn’t find it reassuring in the slightest.
It felt like Mary, in that moment. Her height, her presence. Although she’d never held him like that. Had never had the sort of physical strength to keep him there for long.
“By looking at them, of course. Or rather, your photo of them, which you sent over a month ago, so they’re no doubt in even worse condition now.”
they were dating. And there really wasn’t any reason he couldn’t finally admit that to himself, was there?
Sherlock had called them, and oh god how they had haunted John’s thoughts ever since—and kept them there, even as Sherlock went positively rigid.
He waited until John had left for work before he finally dumped the horrid tea down the sink and then bolted up the stairs to snoop.
did he love a man who was up-front about his interest. It was absurd, how many of his buttons Sherlock was pushing seemingly without even realising it.
Less than eight minutes since his orgasm, John should be a sated and sleepy body beside Sherlock’s own, capable of little but murmuring drowsily as Sherlock nestles his softened cock in the cleft of John’s bottom—still open and very, very slick from the thorough finger-fucking Sherlock gave him—and prods at the relaxed muscles in John’s back, investigating the texture as much as he can through skin, and mouths at the gnarled skin on John’s shoulder.
“That’s it?” John giggled and opened her eyes again, arching a brow at Sherlock. “That’s the best you can do?”
Sherlock’s cheeks were flushed a light pink, growing darker by the second—from anger, John assumed—and he was slicing his arms through the air like a madman. “You brought me all this way—”
Don’t feel obligated to answer or even to reply if you don’t want to. Like I said I’ll leave you alone if that’s what you’d prefer.
Sherlock inhaled deeply and manoeuvred himself so he could nuzzle at John’s crotch, where his hard cock was tenting his jeans and practically begging for Sherlock’s mouth. But when he tried to undo John’s zip, John tsked and stopped him.
Because John has work—John has to be asleep at a certain time, be awake at a certain time, and apparently the ten or twenty, perhaps thirty if he intends to draw it out, minutes it would take to scratch Sherlock and then get them both off does not fit into this schedule.
“You—” John sounds dumbfounded, more lost than Sherlock has ever heard him. Sherlock glances over to find John staring at him, a shadow of hurt over his face. “Because of me, yeah? You went to therapy because of me.”
“Ohh.” It was a breathy noise, more a burst of air against John’s bits than an actual word, and Sherlock obeyed immediately, bringing her tongue to John’s clit and flicking very, very gently.
Sherlock’s gaze was glued exactly where John wanted it, so all he had to do was shuffle his knees farther apart and reach with one hand to grab an arse cheek and spread himself wide, letting Sherlock see how slick and loose he was. The toy went tumbling to the sheets, and Sherlock scrambled towards him, gripping John’s hips with lube-sticky hands.
“Good. That’s so good, Sherlock. You can keep your head down if you want. As long as you keep this perfect arse up for me.” Then there was a hand on Sherlock’s bottom, a pair of fingers circling his hole. “Oh. You got yourself so wet. Good boy. So well-behaved.”
Feeling helpless, desperate, she clamped her hands on John’s hips, fingers digging into the skin—marking her (
John did phone immediately, before he’d even left the building in fact—although not before he’d switched the BlackBerry off vibrate and turned up the volume, so he didn’t miss another important call—and Sherlock answered on the first ring.
It was cold outside, even colder than John had expected, so as he left the pub, limping towards the Tottenham Hale station, he bundled his coat tightly round him for warmth and dug his phone from his pocket.
When John’s head and shoulders began to sag forwards again, Sherlock let her go and attached her teeth instead to John’s nape, near but not overlapping the older faded bite mark. John cried out, sounding both pained and triumphant, and shoved her arse back against Sherlock again and again until Sherlock was trembling and coming, imagining being able to hold John’s hips down and fuck her and fuck her and
“Feels good.” John lifted his hips slightly, letting an inch or so of Sherlock’s prick slip out wetly. He sank back down with a groan that Sherlock echoed. “So good. Thank you, Daddy.”
Sherlock kissed him, crushing their mouths together so forcefully that John was driven back into the door again. He clutched at Sherlock’s forearms, feeling the thick muscles and wiry veins beneath that soft skin.
It might’ve been a bit rude to open the box and start examining the shoes in the middle of a café, but since he’d done the same with the BlackBerry the last time he’d popped by to pick something up, John decided not to care. He set the shoe box on the table in front of him and opened it.
Because you make a face like :P with your tongue poking out the corner of your mouth and everything.
John kisses his forehead again and then, oddly, pauses to do the same to Sherlock’s chest, just above his scar, before he returns to his previous position near Sherlock’s hip and takes up the scalpel again.
More photographs, this time an entire envelope of them which Sherlock upended, scattering pictures of murdered men—all of them naked and bound with rope to a bed, their bodies smeared with faeces—all over the table. John stole another glance around the room and found everyone still staring, horrified.
John was laughing by the last word. Affection swelled in his chest, burrowing every crevice, when Sherlock joined in, ducking his head so that his curls flopped down over his forehead. He licked two of his fingers and brought them to John’s face, where he swiped roughly at the side of John’s mouth.
. Oh, that’s a lovely thought. John atop him like an animal, Sherlock’s blood on his skin. Certainly an appealing image.
Thighs trembling, Sherlock stared dumbly down, watching his prick disappear into John’s hot, slick throat and reappear red and shining. He was keenly aware of the weight of John’s hands on him. One was tight on his waist, holding Sherlock steady, and the other stroked up Sherlock’s spine to his shoulder blades and then down all the way to where Sherlock’s hole was still stretched around the plug. The touch was painfully gentle, reverent.
“Oh god.” Sherlock groaned into his palms, bent his fingers and dug his nails into his forehead. “Fuck.”
He arched into the touch. If John had indeed made grooves trailing from Sherlock’s ear to his crown to his nape—unlikely, obviously, but such a lovely, fantastic thought—then Sherlock wanted them as deep as possible. He closed his eyes, inhaling deeply.
“Sherlock,” Mrs Hudson scolds, throwing open the door to the flat, “is it really so difficult to answer your doorbell?”
Sherlock’s voice was low and waspish when he answered. “It won’t get rid of the discomfort, obviously. But it’ll help.”
His mouth wasn’t nearly as rough as his fingers had been, so the pleasure was disappointingly minimal. John let him suckle gently for a minute, and when he couldn’t stand it any longer, he laid his palms on Sherlock’s shoulders and shoved. Sherlock let go with a whimper.
if it was Sherlock’s harness and John’s toy: two separate items they just happened to be using in conjunction. That made more sense, didn’t it?
To his delight, John glanced at him and was loath to look away. His gaze lingered near the V of bare skin on Sherlock’s chest. Sherlock promptly lowered one shoulder, willing the collar of his dressing gown to sag teasingly, but it stayed stubbornly in place. Stupid,
John sidestepped, dashed towards Rosie’s cot, and grabbed it. The wood creaked and groaned in his grip as he wheeled it into position and then drove it as hard as he could towards the empty space below where Sherlock was struggling.
It’s glorious. Sherlock’s throat—vulnerable, crushable—framed by John’s hands, John’s thumbs tracing the shape of each row of teeth marks.
“You are,” Molly insists, shifting a sleeping Rosie from one arm to the other. “Look at you. When was the last time you got high?”
He noses gently between John’s scapulae, testing his response, and when he doesn’t react at all to the touch, Sherlock allows himself to indulge.
“Da,” Rosie said. She rattled the bunny plush at him, frowning, but seemed pleased when he took it and even more so when Sherlock took it from him.
Also obvious was that the man had had at least one profile on an adult website. It had taken Sherlock less than a half hour to find it.
Mycroft rolled his eyes and shifted his weight. “I’m only showing concern for the newest member of our—” Squinting, he moved his jaw from side to side as though scouring his mind for a phrase John would be capable of understanding. “—family,” he decided on eventually.
And that was the thing, wasn’t it? John had never felt more wanted in his life. He felt so wanted that he didn’t understand it. It felt… impossible. As impossible as being sent back to Afghanistan, as impossible as being asked to ever perform surgery again.
She hardly cared, especially when she felt John’s cunt begin to flutter around her, the muscles rapidly tightening and loosening, trying to suck her fingers in deeper and keep them there, milking them. And through it all, John bit her bottom lip and whined low and long, her movements slowing to a gentle rocking that somehow, inexplicably, affected Sherlock even more than the frantic thrusting.
Sherlock climbed onto the mattress and clambered on all fours towards John. The condoms and lube, both crammed into the same hand, groaned as they were partly crushed. Not that Sherlock cared, preoccupied as he was by the need to cover John’s body with his own and breathe into John’s mouth, feel John’s ribcage expand and shrink and his pelvis lift, seeking Sherlock’s.
. And after everything—the gifts and the phone sex and the blunt declaration of his sexual interest to that woman at the lab—wasn’t that another boost to John’s ego?
There was a buzzing noise. Sherlock only realised that it wasn’t his phone this time when John abandoned his hair, stepped back, and reached into the pocket of his trousers.
All Sherlock can manage, however, is a weak “Oh god,” followed by a pitiful little wail as his erection jerks, dribbling a sudden stream of precome. He could come like this. Being held like this, bounced on John’s thick cock, without a single touch to his own.
“—have failed the Foundation Programme’s clinical assessment,” Sherlock was saying, “and he feels excruciating shame because of it. And… ugh, dull. He didn’t kill these men at all. They were homeless—you can tell by their feet. He found them dead.”
The uncertain expression broke, and Sherlock rolled his eyes dramatically. “Yes. Obviously.” He flopped to the side, seating himself on the sofa beside John. “I—if you must know, it’s been years since I was last in this situation, and I never… cared, really, what anyone else thought of me if I told them what I wanted.”
She opened her mouth and laid her tongue flat along the vein. This time, Sherlock dropped her head onto the chair back and her hips tipped upwards as though they wanted to give a proper thrust. The movement made the leather creak, which proved a gorgeous complement to her low, shuddery moan.
He felt untouchable, fearless. More capable and useful even than he had been in Afghanistan, when the inevitability of death and failure had dogged his steps no matter what he bloody did.
“Fuck you’re gorgeous,” says John. “You can get yourself off if you want. You don’t have to, obviously, but… I wouldn’t mind.”
“Yeah. You know, how your day was, whether you’ve talked to your brother lately, if there’s been anything in the papers you’ve had your eye on in a case-ish capacity—”
, Sherlock thinks, distraught. Words spin in his mind like bits of upset dust, but they refuse to fall where his mouth can find them. His throat works and his jaw clenches, useless.
They were heading towards the bedrooms now, Sherlock leading and John trailing behind. He thought Sherlock would direct them into Rosie’s room first, but he seemed to change his mind at the last second and stepped into the master bedroom instead. John’s room. Mary’s room. Their room.
“Thank you,” said Sherlock, startling John. Then he surprised him even further by standing and tossing his barely touched coffee into a nearby bin. John’s leg without Sherlock’s against it felt immediately cooler. “I’ll walk you back to your flat.”
not allowed up here either,” Mrs Hudson said, but was stopped from shooing either of the cats off when John began to make noise too. Not a chirrup like Sherlock, but rather more of a chatter.
Of course he would make this difficult. Sherlock might’ve known. He sighed, rolling his eyes. “A pint of lager.”
“I want to feel like I’m yours. I want to be helpless and vulnerable, beaten and bloody, limp and mouldable as clay in your arms while you tell me I’m yours.”
But John’s expression—oh god, her expression. An utter transformation, from basic pleasure to mindless ecstasy. Her jaw slackening and her eyelids drooping, her gaze fixed on the pillow just above Sherlock’s head in the way that meant she wasn’t really seeing it at all.
John slicked his cock some more, wedging the phone between his shoulder and his ear while he dribbled lubricant onto the tip and then used his fist to spread it along the shaft. It wouldn’t do to chafe himself, after all, and he hated having to stop mid-wank to refresh the lube.
When he was done, he slumped forwards, smearing his semen all over his own shirt as he curled his upper body around John, resting his chin on the top of John’s head.
By the time he had joined Sherlock, propping his back against the headboard and leaning into Sherlock’s side, Sherlock’s whole body was strung like a taut wire. Every inhale was a gasp, every exhale a cry.
Not immediately. First she had a shower and then watched a mindless reality programme on the telly before she went to bed, intent on having a long, satisfying wank before falling asleep.
But he hadn’t—and Sherlock suspected that if he didn’t figure out why, it would haunt him for the rest of his life.
It took a great deal of self-control for John to keep his surprise in check. He permitted himself only a tightening of his lips and a minute cock of his head. “You’ve certainly done your research. Are we going to get on with this, then, or…?”
Immediately, Sherlock snatched it back and, before John could say any more, popped the tip into his own mouth. He eased it deeper, eyes fluttering, until John could
Sherlock barely had to consider it. Being in charge of another living being, one that would almost certainly die before Sherlock, perhaps in only a matter of years depending on its health…. “No,” he said grimly.
And all the while, John murmurs things like “Fuck, your arse should be a national treasure” and “You gorgeous, magnificent creature” and “Christ, Sherlock, you have no idea how badly I want you.”
While John waited for the lift on the ground floor, he heard Sherlock pause for a breath of air—the first decent one in over ten minutes—and took advantage of the silence to ask the question that had been floating idly in his mind since the cab ride: “Do you know all this off the top of your head? Or are you, I dunno, looking it up?”
Pop culture might be full of tripe about people recognising the “man beneath the beast” and all that, but the wolf snuffling at John’s bottom now doesn’t resemble Sherlock that much at all. Sherlock as a human doesn’t have yellowish eyes, a thick coat of shaggy black fur, or curved claws at least an inch long, which catch on the carpet fibres every time he moves his gigantic paws.
He should delete the message, he knew. Delete it and then block this SH person. There was innocently playing along, and then there was indulging a nutter on an internet fetish site who wanted your mobile number.
There’s a tender possessiveness in his tone and in his expression as he gazes down at Sherlock. Sherlock wants to wrap his arms around John’s shoulders, pull John flat on top of him, so they’re clinging to each other, voicing their pleasure directly into each other’s skin.
A blatant lie. He had been talking to Mrs Hudson, who had no doubt been all too eager to give a full account of all the ways Sherlock had fallen apart without John, including but not limited to the Tea Situation. Sherlock rolled his eyes but said nothing as John lifted one mug and handed it to Sherlock.
The photo was taken just before I sent it to you. I don’t keep photographs of myself on hand for situations like this. Why do you ask? And how does my actual appearance differ from what you imagined? Surely it can’t be different enough to truly warrant two ‘Wow’s?
The needle prepared, Harvey set the vial aside. “Now, cooperate with me, and I’ll be sure to return you to Holmes in one piece.”
It was a bit difficult, though, when Sherlock seemed intent on staring directly at John like there was no one else in the whole fucking world and never would be, and as a result, everyone else took to slanting wary glances at him and shuffling not-so-subtly farther away.
Even Lestrade noticed something was amiss. Sherlock’s phone buzzed with a text one evening that simply read:
Sherlock remembers. John’s perpetually sullen expression, the sagging line of his shoulders, the slow formation of near-cavernous bags beneath his eyes, aging him more than even the moustache and the worst of his PTSD had done.
They’d never dabbled in that sort of thing before. Light pain, play discipline. It had never sounded appealing. Before now, obviously. Now it sounded intriguing. How effusive would John’s praise be if Sherlock could withstand a good spanking? If he were pink-arsed and squirming, in need of coddling? Or if Sherlock shammed a few tears, and afterwards hissed and winced every time he sat?
A flash of guilt. Because that was what John was doing, wasn’t it? Being a horrible tease: dangling sex in front of him when they were apart and then acting skittish when they met.
When Sherlock’s cock finally begins to thicken, he reaches for John, does his best to look lust-fogged and desperate even as concern scrawls its thick lines across John’s face.
Oh, god, her thighs. How Sherlock had first learned to masturbate: rubbing firm circles up and down her inner thighs.
For all that John loved the thrill of a case, she hated the aftermath, which usually involved either sitting in Greg’s office and lying through her bloody (sometimes literally) teeth or sitting in Greg’s office and being scolded like a child.
He cupped Sherlock’s jaw and trailed his thumbs over those cheekbones. There was a faint cry of ‘You’re really going to do this?’ from a little corner of his mind, but that was easy enough to ignore. Particularly when his awareness of it was swiftly eclipsed by a sharp thrill shivering through his gut.
He thought he wouldn’t have much minded changing it, though. After all, he’d been Sherlock Holmes for more than forty years. Perhaps a change was in order.
But every full moon, he buys a new shirt, new trousers, new pants, and new socks, and doesn’t bother washing them before he wears them. So the outfit surely smells strange, like the shop and the customers who laid their hands on it before John, that night when Sherlock tears every bit of it from his body, growling viciously as the fabric rips like flesh under his claws.
Mycroft was a bully, Mrs Hudson decided. A great bloody monster. She couldn’t imagine how she’d ever been fond of him, and certainly she never would be again.
He’d no sooner begun to wonder when the groans cut off, replaced by a shouted “For god’s sake, John, don’t just stand there.
She fought the urge to grin, to puff up with pride and preen. It was a heady feeling, like an adrenaline rush. Maybe Sherlock was getting wet too. Sitting downstairs in John’s chair, cupping herself through her trousers and making a mess of her knickers.
“Today’s been nice. I mean. Four in the morning and getting us kicked out of Costa aside. It’s been good.”
A year ago? Prior to 109 days (and 17 hours and six minutes) ago, Sherlock was John’s best friend, nothing more. It couldn’t have been
John moved the chargers for both Harry’s old phone and the BlackBerry closer to his bed, so he could more easily hear if he got a text message or a phone call in the middle of the night, although the next time Sherlock rang, it was during the day.
“Sherlock.” John didn’t look at him, and the warning in his tone didn’t discourage Sherlock more than slightly.
Sherlock pacing about, practically manic, and Mrs Hudson claiming multiple times that Sherlock’s taxi had arrived. (“I’ve been with him all night, Mrs Hudson,” John insisted gently. “He didn’t order a taxi.”)
Then John forces the ice pack to Sherlock’s throat, on the bit of skin just above his carotid artery where the darkest, largest bruise is located. By now, the tea towel is nearly as wet and cold as the ice pack it carries, and Sherlock flinches with a hiss at the shock of it.
Whatever reaction John had been expecting to that, it certainly wasn’t for Sherlock to throw up his hands with a noise of frustration.
The ache in his arse is now distinctly pleasant. Not so much a pain as a reminder, like the imprint of John’s body in his armchair that Sherlock likes to mould himself to in his blackest moods.
John feels so full, so warm. He wants to come so badly, but he needs his hands to keep himself from skidding across the carpet as he is buggered. He tries to rock into Sherlock’s thrusts, to angle himself so that Sherlock is pounding his sweet spot with every thrust. He’s never come from penetration alone, but maybe, just maybe this time—
Another photograph, which John accepted eagerly. This one showed a young man, barely older than twenty if that, East Asian, smirking cockily into the camera.
“I think,” John answers, “that this is new to you. And you’re about to toss yourself headfirst into it, like you always do when you discover something interesting. And that’s… that’s not good, Sherlock. One of us could get overwhelmed, you could find yourself in the middle of something you don’t like with no idea how to ask for it to stop—”
No. They weren’t happy. If she’d been younger when she’d told them, they’d probably have sent her somewhere. Mum especially.
Sherlock said nothing, but scooted into a better position to stand. His knees gave a little wobble—he’d been lying inert longer than he’d realised—and he stumbled.
“Er.” John didn’t mind the Tube, really, but he also wasn’t so fond that he was keen to turn down an opportunity to avoid it. “All right.”
John snorted. “Look at you. You don’t want to be spanked. You want to be fucked. You gorgeous, greedy boy. Here.” He shooed away Sherlock’s hands and put one of his own against the tail’s base. He twisted the plug deeper and then backed off, letting it slide out slightly. “How’s that?”
John bends forward then, circles a hand around Sherlock’s throat, and hauls him upright until he’s sitting in John’s lap. Keeping his hand curled around Sherlock’s throat—in a grip that is loose enough Sherlock isn’t in danger of asphyxiating, but firm enough that Sherlock feels owned and helpless—John fucks up into Sherlock’s arse, stuffing him even fuller than before, enough so that his jaw drops in surprise and he lets out a helpless cry.
Besides, everything that had led to this point had been completely mad: signing up for the fetish site, responding to Sherlock’s first message, continuing to respond and do Sherlock’s bidding. Why should John try to change his course before he’d followed this one to its end?
But even as he is thinking it, he feels the knot in his mind finally begin to loosen and unfurl. Enough so that he can inhale shakily and say, “You’ve been… distant. I thought—”
“Out of curiosity, did… I mean, obviously you don’t have to talk about it if you don’t want to, but did your family react well when you told them? Assuming you have come out to them.”
“Dull,” he said sulkily. “I don’t know why you insist on working there. Your time would be better spent—”
“Good.” Sherlock’s tone was clipped now, perfunctory. Awkwardness all around, then. Perhaps Sherlock had been thinking with her cunt as well. That was a comforting thought—a bit sexy, too. “You’ll want to sleep now, I assume?”
He was going to make a fucking wreck of Sherlock, leave him dazed and stupid. If he liked when John was impressive, then John was going to impress the hell out of him.
Oh, and I’ll add you on Steam after I send this email. It’s funny, I searched for ScienceOfDeduction a few days ago and couldn’t find anyone by that name. Maybe I was searching in the wrong area, haha. Anyway, if you get a message from JohnHWatson you’ll know who it is. ;)
‘Jesus fucking Christ,’ John thought. The room suddenly seemed much smaller and warmer than it had before. “You’re… you’re actually getting off on this, aren’t you? Like,
what I would do to keep you. If it were between killing an innocent bystander and losing you forever, I wouldn’t even hesitate. If I’d been in her place, I’d have shot me too. More than that, I wouldn’t have missed—I’d have made certain the shot was fatal, that
It was more than enough incentive for John to get on with it, and this time the penetration went smoothly: no gasps of pain or discomfort as John slid inside. Sherlock took everything up to the fattest bit of John’s cock with a soft, needy moan.
Sherlock blinked. John was standing in the entrance to the living room, wiping his hands with the tea towel. The mug he’d been drying was nowhere in sight, and there was a frown of concern on his face.
She knelt gingerly to the floor and began to gather up the pages. It was so absurd, a kind woman of her age cleaning up after Sherlock, that John couldn’t stand to watch. He knelt quickly beside her and gathered a stack of sheets himself, saying “No, you shouldn’t have to do that. Here, I’ve got it.”
, tasting like cologne and copper and teasing him with its teeth. His pulse throbbed in his ears; his lungs burned.
John huffs a laugh, which makes Sherlock smirk proudly. “No, I mean… here. This flat, like this. Sure it’s fine, her and I sleeping in the same room now, but that won’t last much longer.”
Yet he’d bought the ring. And John was far from frivolous with his money. Any purchase costing more than thirty, maybe forty quid was given a degree of consideration that bordered on absurd.
John didn’t doubt that. No one really liked to have their weaknesses and secrets exposed. Still, he couldn’t help but ask:
“As the matter of fact, I once solved the case of a woman who believed—” Sherlock paused, screwing up his face like he was disgusted. He sighed heavily. “No. No, I… I looked it up. Last night.”
“Ugh!” This time, the frustration is a hot bolt down his spine, and Sherlock digs the fingers of both hands into his hair and
“Around here, I think.” John rubs at the join between his neck and his right shoulder, then makes an arc across the top of his chest to rub at the same spot on his left side. “Easier to hide. You might like to show yours off, but some of my patients wouldn’t be too keen on their GP showing up to work with a mess of hickeys.”
While John waited for a response, he left the portrait room and walked slowly to the lifts, which he took to the ground floor. As he approached the gallery’s main entrance, his leg suddenly aching so terribly that he winced with every step, his mobile buzzed, although he waited until he was outside and relatively out of the way to stop and read the text message.
Stupid. Of course it was all right. It was… it was the best news Sherlock had heard for weeks, in fact. “Yes! Yes, that… yes.”
Despite the clean floors and the neatly made bed, the whole room reeked of sex. Sweat, lubricant, ejaculate. The bedsheets, no doubt, were in desperate need of a good wash. The scent, and the thought, made Sherlock grin. Perhaps John could be put off doing the laundry a few more days, until the smell had seeped beyond the bedroom and permeated the entire flat.
all antitheses to Sherlock’s libido. She would fail to perform. John would be disappointed, then try to pretend as though she wasn’t, although of course Sherlock would see right through it. It would hurt. Excruciating. Unbearable. Awful idea.
It was as good as a jug of ice-cold water poured onto John’s bits. He jerked to a seated position, cringing and grimacing and wanting to shove the phone away because god what the
Sherlock was pondering this, sitting on the sofa whilst recalling everything he’d known about John and Mary’s relationship, when John came home wearing baggy medical scrubs and smelling faintly of blood.
“Oh.” John’s jaw dropped, her pretty mouth forming a perfect O. She was snapping her hips almost violently now, fucking herself in quick jabs. Her breasts bounced beautifully with every one. “Oh god, Sherlock. Please.”
With a soothing murmur, John covered the base of the tail with his hand, holding it in place so that Sherlock could thrust back against it. At the same time, he reached beneath Sherlock’s hips with his other hand and grasped Sherlock’s cock. His grip was lube-slick and tight, a nice hot channel for Sherlock to fuck.
John stared. For unpredictability, Sherlock certainly never disappointed. John never knew what to expect—and he hadn’t a clue what to say to that text.
“Fuck,” John said. He ached to put his mouth there, until the hair was damp and the hole loose and flushed.
Maybe Sherlock had been right about firing Ella. Maybe John should cancel his next appointment and never come back. If he needed to, he could find a new therapist: someone who suited him better.
“There,” John said, his tone warm and approving as Sherlock whimpered and shivered and began to rut frantically between the plug and John’s hand. “How’s that?”
Warning: There is discussion of gross medical stuff in this chapter. Remember, guys, if you use tap water to irrigate your sinuses, make sure you boil it first!
The sun was up now, and the traffic heavier. John watched two women walking a German shepherd a short distance away, holding hands and laughing. It made him think of Harry and Clara, still muddling through their divorce. Both of them miserable and heartbroken, even Harry who had been the one to leave.
. The large flesh-coloured fabric strip peeking from the top of John’s jumpers every time she faced away from Sherlock. Which was far more often than Sherlock had ever realised—when John made tea, when she made a show of binning Sherlock’s experiments, when she fetched the phone from Sherlock’s coat pocket.
To avoid thinking any more of appearance or worth, John took up one of the menus on the table and began to scan its contents, which confirmed what the name and the décor already suggested: Angelo’s was an Italian restaurant, and not a terribly expensive one at that.
, he thought, and in his mind he could see himself doing it. Wrapping himself around John, pressing their lower bodies together so that John could feel Sherlock’s cock (soft, not-quite-shrivelled from the cold, but with John against him surely that would change?) against his bottom. A grand gesture, leaving John with no doubt about what Sherlock wanted.
They stay like that, staring at each other with half-lidded eyes, until John begins to shudder and come.
Sherlock held out a stapled stack of papers. The autopsy report, John saw as he took it. He scanned the first page but saw nothing that contradicted or added to what Sherlock had said so far, so he set it aside.
John couldn’t help it; she laughed again, more of a giggle this time really, even as she answered, “Not funny, you berk. Jokes about dying are the definition of
, about Sherlock and the possibility of the police asking him to consult, especially now that the Met had announced they would treat the deaths as linked.
“Roughly 5.5 to 6.3 inches in length, 4.7 to 5.1 inches in girth,” said Sherlock. Her gaze flickered down to John’s lap, and John had no doubt she was picturing it. Imagining John’s trousers and knickers were gone and her pussy was stretched around an average-sized silicone cock. “And when it’s in you, how does it feel?”
Yes. John was terribly, terribly greedy. Barely a minute of this, and already she wanted more. Wanted it thicker and deeper, wanted it to
So Sherlock relented, let John continue to circle her hips and tip the dildo’s fat head again and again into her G-spot. Although she kept John spread with her thumbs, so she could watch the fake cock slide in and out of John’s dripping cunt.
Mrs Hudson’s wandering gaze landed on the pink lady’s suitcase, and she cut John off with a delighted gasp. “Oh! Are you moving in?”
Stupid. Of course Mrs Hudson was made of stronger stuff than that. She didn’t even blink. “Well, with an attitude like that, I’m surprised he’s ever in the mood for it, to be honest. I suppose that explains the—”
Sherlock cuts him off with an indignant huff and begins to sit up. “For god’s sake. No. As I said, I’m
In addition to being absurdly hot, the photo also cheered him slightly. Maybe John hadn’t bungled everything completely up, if Sherlock was still sending him dirty photos and flirty messages.
When his efforts finally paid off and John’s tight arsehole twitched and loosened, allowing the very tip of Sherlock’s determined tongue to nearly slip inside, John gave a violent full-body shudder and grabbed Sherlock’s hair with enough force that it felt for a moment his whole scalp was on fire.
John has Rosie strapped to his chest, facing outwards for once. Her face is bright red, her fists balled. She must’ve fussed on the trip over, shouting and flailing and resistant to being soothed, but she seems all right now. She’s staring towards the standing lamp, squinting as though bothered by the brightness. Her hair glints golden in the light, reminding Sherlock of John.
His entire sense of balance was shot to hell, and his limbs were stiff and shaky. So much for vampire strength. He only made it up the staircase and into the flat with Sherlock shouldering most of his weight, half dragging him. John tried not to be obvious about sniffing him, but up close, his cologne always smelt divine: heavy and posh and with a hint of spice to it.
“Fuck me,” Sherlock says, feeling lost and stupid under the swift and staggering rush of arousal. He arches, giving John full access to his throat, and wraps his legs around John’s hips. “Please, fuck me,
It does seem a bit suspicious, the bit about the boy’s shoes that is. And I won’t lie, that even as a 10 year old you were that observant is pretty bloody impressive. I hope you kicked up a fuss when no one listened to you.
When he arrived back at his bedsit, he discovered he’d received an email from PayPal, informing him that the remaining £500 had been sent to him from S. H., along with a message.
Meanwhile, John carries on, expression twisted with anguish. “I wanted to be. God knows I wanted to be. But I was… pretending. Acting like I had any idea how to have a happy fucking marriage.” He sucks in a breath through his mouth, baring his teeth, and for a moment Sherlock thinks he’s going to stand for a proper rage. But he doesn’t. He only bends forward slightly, so tense that he’s shaking. “Christ, what a failure. I was miserable. Do you know that? Fucking hell. You were the only fucking person I was happy with.”
They waited, but there was nothing. It was worse, somehow, than if there’d been a response from a disembodied voice. John found himself swaying closer to Sherlock, wanting to reach out and grasp him like he’d done earlier, when they’d fled.
John recoiled. “God no. That’s even worse than Father. It’s—there are certain connotations with that one.”
Sherlock rang off without another word, and John lowered the BlackBerry with raised eyebrows. “Glad I could help,” he muttered, although he was a bit pleased that it seemed like he
“Can’t do it in front of Mrs Hudson. She gets upset,” Sherlock said, calmly as you please. His eyes opened again, and he peered at John. “Oh. So do you.” He surged to a seated position and began to rip off the top patch.
“Why not?” Sherlock sounded genuinely confused. “You’re a doctor. You have an understanding of the human body. Surely you’ve at least some idea about the likelihood of it combusting spontaneously.”
The smell of blood was stronger here, although not by much. (His shoes, Sherlock thought. John had cleaned himself and changed his clothes, but not his shoes.) Sherlock couldn’t help but linger on the scent, the associations. Plasma, iron, chains, gunpowder, John… Mary.
“Sergeant Donovan’s just been explaining everything,” John said innocently. “The two pills. Dreadful business, isn’t it? Dreadful.”
Squaring his shoulders, John marched towards the black car and, when Mycroft opened the backseat door for him, climbed inside. The windows were heavily tinted, creating a rather sinister atmosphere, and the car smelt of cigarette smoke and leather. There was a thick, tinted glass between the front and backseats, blocking John’s view of the driver completely.
No, John hadn’t been imagining the uncertainty. And the hesitation—the hesitation was all the answer he needed.
“Besides,” John said, speaking loudly over Sherlock, “I think you’ll like the opportunity to be a good boy for me, won’t you?”
“Come on, Sherlock,” he said, his voice even softer and tenderer than the fingers that raked through Sherlock’s filthy hair. “Come on. For me?”
Not a fucking chance. If and I do mean if I move in, I’ll be moving in properly. Sharing your bed, your wardrobe, all of it.
“Course not.” Sherlock went for John’s mouth again, and John allowed the kiss for a heartbeat or two before breaking it. Sherlock groaned, his face growing pinched in displeasure. “I knew, mm. Knew you’d turn up.”
John obliges and grips Sherlock’s cock with both hands and strokes him expertly, effortlessly, to full hardness. Pumping the shaft tightly but slowly until Sherlock feels as though he’s being wrung like a soiled, sopping-wet shirt. He jerks and sobs, moving with John, trying in vain to fuck John’s fists as much as he’s being fucked by them.
It was from SH. Of course it was—no one else had cared a whit about him in weeks. That not one but two people would have taken an interest in a single half hour seemed unlikely.
There’s a brush of something against Sherlock’s forehead—John’s free hand, he thinks—and then John kisses his temple again. His lips are even wetter now and make a quiet smacking sound against Sherlock’s skin. Sherlock whimpers.
“About what you said, mm… weeks ago now, I suppose it was. You said you wanted to be cut. I’ve been thinking about that.”
It hurt a bit—Sherlock’s weight, Sherlock’s grip, even Sherlock’s thrusts put an uncomfortable pressure against her tailbone—but it was worth it. It was better than being fucked, feeling Sherlock tremble every time John pushed back against her, hearing how her breathing went harsh and quick as she moved faster. Then: the moment when Sherlock fell forwards, draping herself over John’s back and pressing her forehead to John’s shoulder, letting out a breathy sob every time she ground herself against John’s arse.
, says its cover—balanced on one arm. John’s expression is open, his emotions plain in the configuration of facial wrinkles, the shape of his mouth, the set of his jaw, the degree and direction of his head tilt: interest, curiosity, concern, patience, uncertainty.
“I mean,” John was saying, “you’ve never even undressed properly. The least I’ve seen you in has been a vest and a pair of knickers.”
The sight undid him. With John’s knees shuffled slightly apart, his cleft was exposed. The sensitive strip of skin, the spattering of curly hair (darker than the hair on his head, possibly due to the effects of sweat and lubricant), his anus (Sherlock’s breath caught and he swayed, lightheaded) wrinkled and shining with slick, John’s index finger just barely, barely slipping inside.
He doesn’t relish the thought. Sherlock might not sleep as much as other people, but he’s fussier about his sleep conditions. He found the downstairs flat dark and dismal even before James Moriarty used it in their game. But the alternative, the possibility of John leaving again….
By your own admission, you were drugged out of your fucking mind during your early sexual encounters, Sherlock.
That much is obvious. Since Rosie’s birth, John has been more tired, but nothing compared to now. He has heavy bags under his eyes, and his face is pale, dull, and drawn. He looks as though he’s aged at least five years. Even when Rosie allows it, Sherlock suspects John isn’t sleeping well.
For a moment, Sherlock soars. The wind in his hair, a roaring in his ears. His arms extended, the sun on his face. A natural high.
From the kitchen came the sounds of cups clinking, then a sudden thud and a muffled “Ow, fuck!” John stubbing his toe on a chair leg. Sherlock turned his face and smiled into his pillow.
“No,” Sherlock said. She sighed as though John were being spectacularly frustrating. “Higher. Perhaps I wasn’t clear enough. I want you to
“Please,” Sherlock sighs, his mind growing hazy as arousal burns through him. “Please, touch me. I want it so badly.”
“Touch it,” Sherlock said. Less garbled than his previous plea, but still weak. His eyes were half-lidded and hazy, still red-rimmed and wet. He was helpless, so helpless and needy that John ached to sooth him. “Please—it—”
It might’ve been a sham for John’s benefit, but even the illusion of Sherlock taking John seriously was… It was good.
“You don’t need to be investigating anyone, you fucking twat. If Greg had known this case would lead us to a drug dealer, he’d never have given it to you in the first place. Get up.”
John didn’t know if that meant anything. Perhaps he was leaping to conclusions. And if he wasn’t… well, he didn’t know how he would feel in that case.
, didn’t want to wait and risk losing him—and John allowing Sherlock to climb on top of him, John giggling into Sherlock’s mouth like Sherlock was dangerous and intoxicating, John moaning into Sherlock’s shoulder and saying, “Christ, Sherlock, that’s hot. Make that sound again, please? God, you sound even better than I thought you would.”
The term “afterglow” is, for Sherlock at least, an utter misnomer. His post-coital physical and mental states aren’t glow-like at all, but instead rather dim, like a dense cloud of smoke. He lies cradled in its murk, listening to John rummage through the bathroom cupboard.
Another wobble in John’s voice, more severe this time. Because here it was. The deepest, ugliest truth he knew.
‘Oh wonderful,’ John thought grimly. ‘You offend him and then fall asleep on him. If you’ve not completely cheesed him off, it’ll be a miracle.’
There’s a silence, and John lifts his head. His eyes are wide but dry, which is good; Sherlock doesn’t know what he would do if John cried—probably crumple like the skeleton he just imagined.
The sight—Sherlock’s heel propped against John’s left thigh, John cradling Sherlock’s ankle and watching Sherlock’s toes curl and wriggle in the cool air of the flat—was strangely pleasing. It seemed domestic, putting your foot in someone’s lap: domestic and intimate. It soothed something in Sherlock to be able to do this.
And suddenly the sensation was too much. The pleasure, the sweet dull throb in her cunt, began to sting like a burn. She let go of John’s nape, vaguely aware that her face was soaked with her own saliva, and flopped onto her side, reaching for John, feeling John reach back and envelop her in a firm but affectionate embrace.
John’s hands cup his throat, his left thumb skittering over Sherlock’s carotid artery. Monitoring his pulse. As though Sherlock is swooning, as though he’s suffering anywhere near enough blood loss for his pulse to be affected.
Sherlock blinked, confused and indignant. That was so unlike John—John who was always kind and encouraging when Sherlock was eager, who had never used a word like “naughty” to Sherlock when sex was involved.
John made a mental note to never offer to help Mrs Hudson again. “Right,” he said. “I’ll just… clean myself up in the loo.”
“No!” Sherlock said. His head snapped up, and he stared at John with a mixture of alarm, disappointment, and indignation. “No, John, don’t—”
After putting Rosie to bed every night, he shut himself in the bedroom although he was wide awake, jittery. He lay on top of the duvet with the baby monitor and his phone. Googling paranormal phenomena. Rereading old blog entries. Talking himself out of texting Sherlock and confessing it all.
John snatched up the phone, watching the screen darken again. ‘I just texted a murderer,’ he thought. ‘A murderer just phoned me.’ Adrenaline was flooding his body, his muscles were tensed in typical flight-or-fight response, and it felt surprisingly
Even when they’d been only flatmates, Sherlock hadn’t been shy about trampling all over John’s personal boundaries by hacking into John’s computer to peruse not only the videos John had saved to his hard drive but the ones in his browser history as well. Sherlock would watch them when he was bored and sulky, when he was in the midst of a post-case high, when he was alone, when John was sitting not even a full metre away.
“I told you,” Sherlock said, his voice so soft it was nearly a coo. “I want to take care of you. Let me give you what you want.”
He paused, staring at Sherlock expectantly. Hopefully, even. Waiting for Sherlock to be pleased, to… congratulate him, commend him, give him a little clap and a cheer? Sherlock couldn’t fathom, could scarcely think beyond the disappointment that crashed over him like a wave of salt water, stealing his breath and burning his eyes.
He stumbled back, clutching Rosie who was writhing and crying. He could see around Sherlock then, but there was nothing. Not even a shadow or a blur, even as the footsteps continued, the scuffling sounding so close that John’s skin crawled.
And Sherlock wanted to be ridden, didn’t she? As long as John was careful, as long as she didn’t slip up and start treating Sherlock’s face like a pillow that could be moulded and humped until she was raw—
“Oh,” she said weakly. The smile she summoned now was more of a grimace. “Nice to meet you. I’ll just. Um.”
That, what you just did there, would probably be impressive if you weren’t being such an arse about it.
“I didn’t know if you,” said Sherlock, mortified to hear that he was almost stuttering. He sat back on his haunches, allowing John to sit up. “That is, if you wanted to do away with them—”
He fetched his trousers, pants, and socks, and stood a moment sorting out each piece of clothing from the tangle. Then, with his head cocked towards Sherlock, his eyes gleaming mischievously, he said, “Text me a photo every now and then?”
. It meant that manual sex was painful, oral sex was unbearable, and penetrative sex was tedious. John would grow frustrated. She would want something more.
John stared, trying to imagine the woman he’d met at Baker Street married to a man on death row. “Oh. You… sorry, you stopped her husband being executed?”
Sherlock whimpered, soft and shuddery. John would be fantasising about that sound for months. “How does it feel? It’s supposed to feel realistic.”
The action is clearly intended to be soothing, and… well, it is, a bit. Sherlock can smell John’s unwashed skin and morning breath, and he wants to huddle close and bask in John’s presence, his attention.
Sherlock, who doesn’t care a whit about dinner or Sainsbury’s or pasta, lets the bag drop to the floor. (“You cock,” John sighs, and bends to retrieve it.) “‘Okay’? I’ve just asked you to never again have sex with anyone but me. You don’t mind?”
Her smile faltered and she looked away, her gaze flitting over the cow skull on the wall, which she wrinkled her nose at. “Well… perhaps a bit. But he can be very charming! And of course he’s terribly clever, confident, handsome. If you’re more the sitting-down type, I’m sure—”
Then John clasps his hands with a sigh, interrupting Sherlock’s mental deductions, and says, “I’m having second thoughts,” and Sherlock understands devastation to a degree he had not thought possible.
Not a difficult deduction to make, what with your full name, photograph, location, and birth date being displayed publicly on the profile attached to the address you’re emailing me from.
John wondered if Sherlock masturbated. Ever? Often? What did she like? What did she think of? Where did she do it—in her bed like John, in the shower, somewhere else? The entire concept—Sherlock as a sexual being, Sherlock with masturbatory habits—was so foreign; John couldn’t picture it.
When Sherlock leans back, he sees John’s face—wide-eyed, flushed, panting—while John squirms where he is seated in Sherlock’s lap.
“John, can I borrow your phone?” Sherlock asked when John walked into the lab where Sherlock was working. “There’s no signal on mine.”
It was far from the friendly sorts of interactions that Mrs Hudson had hoped for, but as Sherlock’s random acts of destruction ceased after John arrived, she decided to consider it a success.
John managed to stay awake long enough to examine Sherlock’s throat (undamaged, although he was hoarse and his breath reeked of ejaculate) and then for Sherlock to poke and prod at his arsehole—“Very minor irritation,” Sherlock declared, “no tearing”—before exhaustion sneaked up on him and pulled him under.
Sherlock kissed her. Had wanted to do for ages, and didn’t even bother to resist now that the opportunity had been granted. Because they were having sex, apparently, and for John at least kissing was part of sex; she often returned from her dates with chapped lips and—
She raked her fingers through Sherlock’s curls, which were always so soft and springy, and decided to try being a little more commanding. “All right,” she murmured. “Enough of that. My clit’s feeling a little left out.”
They stayed that way for a long while, silent, and Sherlock grew drowsy and nearly fell into a doze until John finally spoke.
(Mostly. He did begin, but never finished or sent, several text messages asking SH what the hell that had been about and calling him a colourful array of nasty names. He also visited SH’s profile on the fetish site, just to see if it was still up. It was, still bearing the rude “About me” section and the same photo—which looked a great deal less seductive now that John saw it again.)
“I thought he and Peter might be better suited,” Mike said quickly, as though John had missed his frantic attempts at making eye contact, his (badly) surreptitious gesturing, his mouthing of
For the first time, he realised that Sherlock must’ve been hopelessly lonely. Rich and lonely and happy to pay a perfect stranger to listen to him talk.
(In fact, Ella knew nothing about SH. The idea of trying to vocalise any of what John had been doing—accepting money to do the bidding of a stranger on the internet, waiting on tenterhooks to be allowed to carry on doing the man’s bidding no matter how rude and off-putting he was—made John want to cancel all his therapy appointments and never leave his flat again.)
Sherlock’s gaze flickered to John’s erection, which was so thick and heavy that it curved downwards, the head making a small wet patch on Sherlock’s sternum. He bit his bottom lip as though the sight actually hurt.
.’ Sherlock pounding into him hard enough that John’s face was wedged against the wall just as Sherlock’s was in John’s hair. John crying out, saying ‘Thank you, thank you, thank you, god, it’s so good, Sherlock—’
Time slows. Sherlock’s face grows wet with his own saliva, his body aches from being bent over so long, and beneath him John becomes a squirming, panting obstacle to his exploration.
John laid his palm against his crotch, just over the bulge of his prick. It felt thick and heavy in his pants, even though it wasn’t quite stiff yet. ‘Look at you,’ he thought. ‘He’s got you thinking about wanking to gold—the fantasy of gold, anyway.’
The voice and the tone were familiar, even if the words themselves took a moment to process. It was Sherlock, panicked and pleading. John stopped immediately, going limp just as Sherlock bore down harder. John cried out, both from the sudden ache in his wrists and the pressure against his cock, which was still hard, still throbbing and needy.
John stared at the computer screen. She had a feeling that Sherlock would insist on interrogating her and puzzling out precisely, in excruciating detail, what appealed to her before Sherlock would consent to carry on with the shopping.
“Come on,” John murmurs, petting Sherlock’s hair until he opens his eyes again, staring up into John’s. “Don’t let your brother ruin this. You haven’t even got my vest off yet.”
‘Look at you,’ he thought, gritting his teeth as he eased himself into his chair. ‘What else have you got to do?’
“Uhn!” Sherlock said. His collar made a racket as he jolted and then shoved his arse backwards onto John’s hand.
Oh, she’d love that too. Something nice and thick sinking into her pussy—which was sopping wet now, soaking the sheets beneath her—while the aftershocks still rolled through her. She was lifting onto her elbows, considering reaching for the bedside table where she kept her dildo, when she recalled exactly what she had been doing and why.
“It’s all right,” Sherlock said, his voice still so, so soft. Softer than John had ever heard. Soothing him just like John had soothed Rosie.
Actually, now that John thought about it, it was very, very easy to pretend it wasn’t a machine at all making the sound, but some sort of creature revelling in the tightness and the heat of Sherlock’s hole, fucking into it with its long, thin arms while Sherlock grunted and took it.
And is promptly so horrified with himself he would gladly swallow his own tongue if he were capable.
“How’s that?” John asks, tossing the final used cotton wool onto the bedside table with all the others. “All right?”
Sherlock froze, not even seeming to breathe as he peered across the table as though John had just done something terribly astonishing. “You know my handwriting.”
John hiked one leg instinctively higher on the bed, spreading himself. He’d never done this while he was soft, never even considered it when he wasn’t out of his mind with lust. “Should probably warn you,” he said over his shoulder, “it’ll be at least an hour before I can manage another round.”
“It’s okay,” John said, wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s waist. Sherlock leaned into him, trying to ignore how strongly he was shaking. “You’re doing so well. Just a little longer, all right? I don’t want it to be over this soon.”
John’s snort became a chuckle, which grew into another full-bellied laugh. Sherlock was a madman, a brilliant gorgeous madman, and John was so far gone over him it probably made him mad as well. Mad and an idiot, although apparently not a complete idiot.
And he didn’t. His own was battered and worn, an old Christmas gift from Harry, but it still worked all right.
I’ve only the one brother, yes. His name is Mycroft, he is nine years older than I am, and he often calls himself my archenemy, which should give you some idea about our relationship.
to tug on his own cock yet—but still he clenched his muscles, milking Sherlock’s cock and giving him a tight, sweet channel to spill into.
It’s a reasonable request. He thinks it is, anyway, although his mind is uncharacteristically sluggish and refuses to open the mental file he’s got on acceptable behaviour in average social interactions. But it doesn’t sound unreasonable. After all, Sherlock wasn’t even given the opportunity earlier to enjoy his arousal and have a proper wank before he was being hauled off to sleep.
“Christ,” John says, sounding pained. His grip on Sherlock’s hip tightens so much that Sherlock imagines John’s fingerprints will be imprinted on the surface of his ilium crest. “Oh fucking Christ, you’re so tight. Tell me no one’s had you like this before. You’re all mine, aren’t you?”
Sherlock tried to arch, his cry loud and gutted, but John’s weight kept him pinned. So he could only jerk beneath John and stare piteously up at him through his thick fluttering eyelashes. He was gorgeous. So fucking gorgeous.
Sherlock doesn’t blame her. To be placed into a reclined position on the floor, forced to stare up at the ceiling and the same dangling toys day after day. He’d kick and shout as well.
But even as she thought it, she knew that she was fooling herself. The illogical, sentimental portion of her brain would insist that whatever John did right now in her presence very much
It wasn’t until Sherlock spotted the opaque plastic box that he realised he’d been looking for it all along.
And all for what? One picture that Mrs Hudson could show to Greg and Molly? Guilt swept through her like a winter chill. What a horrible pet owner she was, caring more about herself than her cats.
That hadn’t come out right. Being propositioned for sex wasn’t the same as being offered a monogamous relationship; Sherlock only had the right to not bring up the subject of men during sex, not to dictate that John would never have sex with men again. (Although Sherlock would love to dictate that. She’d even be willing to do all of Mycroft’s legwork from now on if he would agree to make it a bloody law.)
Ella was writing quickly now, her notepad tilted up so that John couldn’t see it. “You haven’t been using your blog.”
“—She owes me a favour. A few years back, her husband got himself sentenced to death in Florida. I was able to help out.”
But John didn’t seem bothered. He shrugged one shoulder, not looking away from his task. “It’s fine. Like I said, I was a bit keyed up by that point. I didn’t really have the patience for it.”
She ground her foot again and again into John’s zip, until John gave a tremulous moan and clasped the top of it, near the ankle, holding it in place as she rocked upwards, dragging her pubis slowly and firmly along Sherlock’s heel.
The items inside had shifted since last night, although not significantly. Likely a simple matter of being jostled whilst being carried upstairs and then slid under the bed. There was a cheap polyester blindfold, a feather tickler, a cylindrical plastic vibrator, dull dull dull. The harness, and whatever else came with it, was the only thing he cared about. Sherlock grabbed it by its straps and lifted.
and although Sherlock didn’t understand the appeal—the vibrations were strong, yes, but she’d held it between her own thighs once for almost twenty minutes and felt only boredom—she nevertheless ensured it was always ready whenever John wanted it.
He sucked in a deep breath, bore down, and, grunting, sank all the way to the base. The burn was bearable, owing primarily to the slenderness of Sherlock’s cock, he supposed, but the length, the
John’s smirk widened to a smile. “Thought so. I was thinking about it this morning, how odd you’ve been lately, and realised you haven’t exactly been subtle. Sorry I’m a bit dim. I didn’t—”
“Erm.” John looked down at the menu, saw the words ‘wine’ and ‘beer,’ and decided alcohol was the last thing he needed tonight. “Just water, I think.”
It was surreal, having Sherlock in the bedsit, like seeing a unicorn in a dirty stable eating hay amidst a bunch of ordinary horses. A little embarrassing too, not that Sherlock seemed to give a toss about John’s dull, empty little bedsit. As soon as he’d entered, he spun around and focused solely on John. His attention was as sharp and heavy as an axe.
He blinked drowsily at the wall, processing the myriad of sensations, as Sherlock twitched and stirred behind him, scraping the back of John’s neck with his stubble.
A favourite fantasy, retrieved from beneath a broken floorboard in his mind palace, dusted off, and laid out on the rug like all the pages of a newspaper. In it, he was wrestling with John in a bed, childishly playful, both of them giggling and writhing, poking, tickling, wrenching. Sherlock’s knee between John’s legs, John’s grin freezing on his face, a shudder rolling through him.
.” Sherlock ensures his gaze is unwavering, resembling something easily mistaken for honesty, and nearly sighs in relief when John nods.
“Look.” John licks his lips; Sherlock can hear the wet glide of his tongue. “This is good for you, isn’t it? I mean… you enjoyed the spanking?”
“Do you know,” she’d said, “how many people’s phones are hacked and their private pictures plastered all over the internet? Not interested in being an unwitting porn star, thanks.”
After John had finished eating—which took no time at all, as he’d lost most of his appetite—he marched over to the door marked 221B, clutching the watch box tightly in one hand, and pounded the knocker against the wood.
this.’ “I got an email from someone I knew at uni. A banker now. Says there’s been an incident at the bank he was hoping I might sort out. Might be a case. You’re coming, of course.”
Finally, John manages to shove his snout aside, and although Sherlock’s growl turns dark and dangerous, he allows it long enough for John to grasp the plug and pull. It pops out with a loud squelch, and John hisses in discomfort. It’s thick, the biggest they own, because although he might prefer minimal preparation when Sherlock is like this, he doesn’t fancy an anal fissure.
Besides, John found Sherlock interesting. A bit rude, single-minded, and eccentric, but interesting. John thought he wouldn’t mind getting to know the man better, even without the monetary incentive.
John was panting, his upper body lifted and twisted so he could stare right at Sherlock with an expression of such starry-eyed confusion that Sherlock couldn’t help but grin. “What?”
apologise for that. I’ll never get any work done. I’ll be too busy licking your cunt and letting you rub off on my hip.”
John realised he could hear the e. The note of sneering mockery, the brief lip curl of imagined superiority and condescension. John heard it and snarled.
“Sigerson,” Tina said. “I think. Doesn’t matter, though. He’s been banned from any future munches, so hopefully we none of us’ll be seeing him again.”
John thought wryly. Aloud he said, “Oh, really? Because I thought I might have a paragraph of nothing but the word ‘childe’ repeated one hundred times to commemorate the occasion. Like a poem.”
Too late. The images flickered behind his eyelids, as potent and disorienting as a strobe light. A little wrinkle of discomfort on John’s forehead, John’s mouth open in pleasure, John’s back sweating and tense—
John had only managed a handful of thrusts before Sherlock’s hands, clinging to John’s thighs, slid upwards to grip John’s hips. To be helpful, probably, to stabilise John, or maybe just to feel John’s muscles working, although in that moment it seemed to John like a greedy little power grab.
It was hard to be angry, though, with Sherlock looking as she did. Still flushed and glowing from exertion, her lips turned up in a satisfied smirk, shrugging off her coat like a queen might remove her cloak while waiting for her devoted servants to bend and kiss her feet. (And didn’t that thought tempt John’s mind down a million filthy avenues.)
John was still bending over him, still touching the back of his head, still standing so close that Sherlock could smell his toothpaste, his shampoo, his aftershave. The minty-fruity-cinnamony mixture made Sherlock dizzy; it felt for a moment like he would honestly swoon. Still, he managed a nod.
No, that was wrong. It was more of a sinking, a sensation of being dragged underwater while he and Sherlock clung to each other. There was a pressure on John’s chest, gripping his heart and lungs. His vision swam; there was the whisper of gently lapping waves in his mind.
John considered that, shifting more of his weight off his bad leg. What sort of ongoing, non-time-sensitive investigation involved a photograph of the ceiling of the National Portrait Gallery? He couldn’t imagine a single possibility. Maybe he’d been right all along, and SH really was taking the piss.
John was taken aback both by Sherlock’s description of him and the knowledge that Sherlock knew how he took his coffee, but he wasn’t distracted enough to miss how Molly’s open, smiling expression closed and fell.
She shuffled down the stairs and then stood behind Sherlock’s chair in the kitchen, making tea and positively
.” A swift burst of anger, and Sherlock stops speaking to temper it. John is not being deliberately obtuse; he simply doesn’t understand. He cannot fathom how it will kill Sherlock if John never hurts him again. “So, even though it doesn’t arouse me, I… enjoy being hurt by you.”
In the morning, the flat was silent. Mrs Hudson’s feet were cold; it was the first time in weeks she hadn’t had a cat to warm them during the night.
“I know,” John said kindly, kissing his temple again and tasting the sweat gathered there. “I know, but don’t fight it. Just let it have you.”
It suited him. Closer to fifty than forty now, John Watson was the most attractive person Sherlock had ever seen.
Sherlock blinked rapidly, trying to banish the images that were flooding his brain and threatening to overwhelm him.
The initial pain was excruciating. A scream echoed in John’s mind, an “ungh” of hurt left his lips, and he nearly shoved Sherlock off as hard as he could. Then the pain abated, quite suddenly, when Sherlock began to drink. John felt the first suckle, the gentle suction and the rush of blood through the fang wounds, and then he began to float again.
Behind him, the baby monitor crackled, and from the corner of his eye, he saw something shift in the mirror’s fogged-up reflection. It was the only warning he got before a strong, glacial grip seized the back of his neck, twisted his head towards the sink, and slammed his face into the mirror.
A woman stepped round him with an irritated huff, and John started, remembering that he was in the middle of the pavement and blocking other passersby. He caught a flutter of movement from the corner of his eye and glanced towards the block of flats to his right, where a curtain was fluttering closed as someone stepped away from an upstairs window.
He punctuates the statement with a slow, insinuating nuzzle to John’s hip, so very close to where John’s penis is lying soft and satisfied, so that John knows precisely what he is referring to.
He peered towards the doorway and the corridor beyond. He didn’t know what he expected. Shadows? Movement? Mary’s bloody corpse to rise from the dark like some sort of horror film?
No wonder Sherlock was a consultant for the Met. The man was probably a godsend on a crime scene, if this was an indication of his talent. They probably paid him handsomely for it as well, which explained his wealth.
he was for taking it just like John wanted him to. He whimpered, and felt John’s fingers spasm in his hair.
“Really?” John motioned towards the box. “Because you just gave me pretty compelling evidence that you don’t.”
Sherlock lowered his chin, so he was looking up at John through his thick lashes. His eyes, John noticed suddenly, were absolutely stunning: sort of blue and greenish all at once. “Oh yes,” he said, in a voice so low it was practically a purr. “It’s not often that people are capable of surprising me.”
“We can split the rent,” he said. “That should help with both of our money problems. I can take the upstairs bedroom if you’d rather.”
Sherlock’s leg-wiggling stopped. “Ah. That’s—I should warn you that, erm, a parcel is due to arrive for you… tomorrow, I think. Possibly the day after. It’s—”
John always relished the opportunity to help Sherlock undress. To stand chest to chest while he unbuttoned Sherlock’s shirt, to tell Sherlock
Sherlock kissed the lobe of her ear sweetly, then growled into it. “If either of us should be sorry, it’s me. I’m going to
might be slightly more accurate. Sherlock is the one transforming into a gigantic wolf, yet John is the one with the litter tray, the one that needs to be tethered to a stand so he’ll behave.
The woman at the crime scene had been mad, doubting that Sherlock could get a boyfriend, thinking that Sherlock was somehow undesirable.
Sherlock looked stricken, but he didn’t argue as John thought that he might. “Fine,” he said instead, sticking out his bottom lip in an exaggerated pout. “If you insist.”
. Like John was a child as well as a childe—and bugger what Sherlock said, the e added a necessary distinction and you couldn’t hear it spoken. Like John needed someone else to look after his health.
To her surprise, the chirruping and chattering had stopped, and both cats were off the table, although they hadn’t gone far: only to the floor just beside it. Sherlock was sitting, sphinx-like, while John circled him. Between Sherlock’s spread front paws, she saw, was the moth trying frantically to crawl away. Sherlock was wearing the curious, fascinated expression he usually wore when he was dealing with bugs, but John’s body language was that of a hunter: intense concentration, sly loping movements. He looked like a miniature tiger stalking his prey.
Discomfort spiking again, John licked his lips, and Sherlock’s gaze dropped to John’s mouth, following the motion with an intensity that made John’s breath catch. It was alarming.
The room was steamy but empty. He fumbled with the taps, cutting the water, but aside from the residual dripping and his own pulse hammering in his ears, the only sound was the monitor’s usual static drone.
With a laugh, John makes a fist around a large section of Sherlock’s hair and hauls Sherlock’s head back, exposing the full come-smeared column of his throat. Sherlock whimpers and feels his prick pulse in his hand, precome dribbling over his knuckles.
“Oh my god,” said a man standing a short distance away, “can you believe it? He’s actually got himself a boyfriend.”
Probably. John certainly felt open, and wet, and ready. He wanted it. John accepted the massager, which was heavy and cool to the touch.
Sherlock snorted, adjusting his grip on the porcelain edges of the sink and glancing over his shoulder. “You’re exaggerating.”
When he’d calmed enough to reappear from his hiding spot, most of Mrs Hudson’s ire had cooled, and she let him climb into her lap, knead at her thighs, and butt his head against her chin.
This. He could manage this. The immeasurable fondness, the feeling like he could float away at any moment, the utter certainty that all he needed was John’s friendship and he would be happy for the rest of his life.
.” Sherlock sighed, looking to the ceiling as though he was reciting something he’d committed to memory. “Your profile said ‘bisexual,’ but your sister’s comment on your blog indicated surprise that the person you’d been dating was a man. You’ve been with men before—you’re too…
“Sherlock?” Molly is suddenly closer, gripping his bicep as though he’s in any danger of collapsing. “Did something happen? Did… did you and John have an argument?”
Molly laughed lightly. “What’s the point? No matter where we try to hide them, he always susses them out. Besides, there are so few things he likes.”
He reacted on instinct, surging from the bed and lunging towards it. He scooped the phone up and, without a second thought, clicked the button to accept the incoming call.
“Not a chance.” Sherlock was blinking rapidly, looking dazed. “I’ll burn the bed. I’ll put a beehive under the floorboards.”
“Look. I’ve handled this really badly, I know. And I’m sorry for that. I probably came off like a right knob.”
“I didn’t mean to,” Sherlock insisted, for once entirely truthful, because it was important that John understand this. Crucial, in fact, that John understand Sherlock’s first reaction—to the smear of blood on John’s sheets, to the very faint metallic taste in her own mouth—had been alarm, followed swiftly by horror.
John snorted and let Sherlock help him to his feet. “You would know all about getting a cab whilst covered in blood.”
Sherlock rolls to his back, peering up at John who gives him a smile darkened by concern. He thinks that Sherlock is on the verge of a black mood, that he’s being ravaged by post-case boredom. Better than the truth, Sherlock supposes.
Only the reminder that he would never, ever be believed kept John from going to Sherlock that night.
That Sherlock isn’t erect—nor is John, for that matter—is unfortunate, but not irreparable. They’ve not started yet, after all. Everything will be fine, Sherlock thinks.
“Okay,” John cut in, intensely uncomfortable by what he was hearing. Brother or no, Mycroft had no business telling people about Sherlock’s financial situation, and—and for god’s sake, Sherlock had bought John a £3000 watch. “That’s… I’m not—”
“Okay then. He travels to a part of America he’s never visited before. One of the states in the south, maybe, somewhere with a lot of weeds and pollen he’s never been exposed to before. And he gets an allergic reaction like nothing he’s ever experienced.”
Sherlock’s throat clicked as she swallowed. Yes, she could taste it (the salt of sweat, the slightest imagined tang of blood) and also see it (swollen reddened imprint) and feel it (her jaw clenched, a tight aching sensation deep in her gums)—oh, yes. “It—I’ll interfere with the healing process, I’ll—”
Of course he hasn’t. Mummy would’ve turned absolutely monstrous if someone had struck him as a child, and he’s never taken a recreational interest until now, until John. Sherlock shakes his head, scowling down at the duvet.
Although, he supposed, perhaps it was fortunate he didn’t meet anyone, as everything about him screamed
And that’s where it breaks down: cracks and shatters and is ground to dust. His body always twenty steps behind his mind, his body a tedious and slow and
“Of course we are!” Sherlock shouts, surprising them both. He doesn’t mean to say it, doesn’t even realise he’s in danger of saying it until it’s left his mouth. And then, well. If he’s going to ruin everything, why not piss on the wreckage as well? “You haven’t the faintest
John. That John now wore (albeit only temporarily) an imprint of Sherlock’s teeth in her skin, that it might scar (however faintly), that John might carry a remnant of Sherlock on her body for the rest of her life.
, and her lips formed a near-perfect O as she lowered her chin again, looking as though her very mind had shattered and left her completely wrecked.
“I’m also to tell you,” said the man, “that you can have anything on the menu, free of charge. Mr Holmes insists.”
“How did you manage to turn this on when you were tied up?” John asked idly, hauling the base back into place before beginning to position the arm. It extended and retracted like a typical crank—reminded him vaguely of a bicycle pedal, actually—and to reach Sherlock all the way up by the headboard, John had to extend it as far as it would go.
“Look,” John said as Sherlock eased the front door shut, “just… please. For the love of god, Sherlock—”
Another brief spasm of John’s facial muscles, although this time it’s hurt and disappointment that flit across his expression. Sherlock feels ill.
“I wanted a good hard buggering over the kitchen table, but John insisted on going to work instead,” Sherlock answered, hoping to shock.
“Because he’s a psychopath.” The woman smiled, although it was insincere and scarcely looked like a smile at all. “And psychopaths get bored.”
The noise of John urinating filters through the closed door between the toilet and Sherlock’s bedroom. It’s surprisingly comforting. Sherlock wraps the sound around him like a cloak, burrows into the knowledge that John is mere metres away and coming back shortly.
It doesn’t matter how. Hit, scratched, burnt, Sherlock only cares that it is somewhere visible. Somewhere that can be easily revealed at a crime scene, in a coffee shop, at Bart’s, on the Tube, so that everyone can see that he’s been marked by John and know precisely what that means.
“Honestly, your guess is as good as mine, dear,” Mrs Hudson always said, and after another moment of silent consideration, he would go right back to grooming himself.
The door slammed, the sound jerking them apart. Beyond it, something in the corridor crashed. John’s skin prickled, gooseflesh forming even under all his layers of clothing. His breath, along with Sherlock’s, fogged between them.
Well, that was different, wasn’t it? Danger meant there was a risk of Sherlock getting in over his head, of being injured, of needing backup—and he wanted
, Sherlock thinks, and wishes he could preserve this moment in a jar of embalming fluid and display it on the mantel: this moment when physical pain and mental ecstasy coalesce exquisitely. The present state of his neurochemistry could rival a cocaine high. He wants this daily, or at least weekly, for the rest of his life.
John’s words strike with the intensity of a needle plunged into Sherlock’s vein. Sherlock stops listening, loses awareness of his senses entirely. His mind begins to reel.
When in Rome, etc. I figured that if you’re intent on using emoticons, I should at least give it a try. Even without the bulged eyes, I still maintain that :P looks like a corpse. Maybe an animal? Their tongues hang out after death even before they’ve reached the bloat stage, don’t they?
“I knew it then, even. I just didn’t—I don’t know.” John dips his chin, rubs his eyes. “There was this woman. On a bus. Not too long after Rosie was born. She smiled at me. Gave me her number. I— I don’t know what I was thinking.”
I did play a trial of Warfare 3 a few weeks ago, but it was a bit shit, from a medical and a military perspective. Too many sprays of blood and explosions, people were too invincible and easy to heal, and all the characters looked and acted the same. War isn’t like that. Also, I was pants at it. I was a Captain in the RAMC, but I couldn’t manage to walk while also looking about in a sodding video game.
“There’s the sofa? Or the table? And how many times have you stood behind me and looked over my shou—”
“Got the shopping this time, I see,” he said, sounding deeply pleased. John rolled his eyes to the ceiling, knowing what was coming, and sure enough, Sherlock continued, “If you’d taken my card to begin with, like I told you to—”
Again with the presumption that John would agree, although John’s indignation was fading quickly now. Overshadowed by his mounting curiosity. Questions fluttered about his mind like moths: ‘Why? Why me? What are you investigating now?’
“A bit, yeah.” Then, on a whim, John added: “Might make a person think you’re not someone they want to go home with after all.”
So-called “cold feet,” perhaps? The prospect of marrying Sherlock, of being legally bound together for a potentially considerable amount of time, might’ve sounded good in theory, but when faced with the reality, perhaps John was shying away from it?
“It would be a bad idea, wouldn’t it,” John said, low, “if we just… went to your bedroom for a bit.”
Not to mention, if John attended this event, he might get the opportunity to protect someone from this SH person. At the very least, he could warn the “prime suspect” so they could take the necessary steps to protect themselves.
John shifted again, rubbing his palms uncomfortably up and down his trouser legs. How was he meant to answer that? ‘He’s a touch eccentric, but makes up for it by also being bloody gorgeous and interesting as hell’? ‘He’s brilliant and, I think, a little dangerous’? ‘He’s filthy rich and wants to buy me a collection of sex toys’?
When? Why? The former question he could deduce if he wanted—it was easy enough to examine the contents of the drawer, compare them with the contents three weeks ago, and factor in what he knew of John’s recent sock history and his particular way of organising (
“I don’t care if pain doesn’t get you off,” John says. His breath is hot, seeping into the fabric of Sherlock’s shirt. “I wouldn’t even care if you hated it, and never wanted to be spanked or bitten or anything again. It’s really not the kink for me you apparently think it is.”
“I don’t.” Sherlock spun around and held the steaming cup for John to take, which he did more on instinct than any particular desire for coffee. “This is John Watson. He’s the object of my romantic and sexual interest. John, this is Molly.”
Pointless. The two are the same. Whether John is keen on a dull and rusted penknife or a freshly sharpened machete, Sherlock wants whatever John will give him. No matter, he supposes: he simply needs to change his wording.
of all things, John. Why on earth would you want to talk about that? Because something happened, of course, and you want to talk about it even though you
So John stood, pretending to be studying the painting intently, and decided 72 degrees must be somewhere around where the blue bit of the wall met the white bit up towards the ceiling, although he couldn’t imagine why SH would want a photograph of that. What crime could he possibly be investigating?
“Tease,” he said. John could feel the vibrations from his voice between his shoulder blades. “Cheeky, filthy tease.”
And with that, still snarling, John heaved himself to his feet and stormed out, taking that blasted plastic box—which he’d set on the sofa arm, apparently, and scooped up on his way out—with him.
He plopped Sherlock’s gifts on the centre of the sofa and spun back around. As he did, he caught the scent of cigarette smoke, so strong he nearly gagged. The door was still wide open, and Sherlock was looking between John and the pile on the sofa like one was harmless and one was deadly and he couldn’t quite work out which was which. It was simultaneously the most heartbreaking and exasperating thing John had ever seen.
With a soft groan at the thought, John crawled to the head of her bed and flopped down on her stomach. She squeezed her thighs together and sighed at the flicker of pleasure it granted her. She could feel herself getting damp now, and the urge to slide her hand beneath herself and hump it until she came was nearly irresistible.
John want children? He smiled at them sometimes when he and Sherlock were out. Waved and made little faces and cooed over infants when it was socially expected.
“Not exactly how I expected to find you,” John said. He was in a pleasant mood, smiling, glowing like a miniature star. “You looked a bit crucifix-y, your arms spread like that.”
John’s other hand, Sherlock notices, is at his side, his fingers alternately clenching and releasing as though, like Sherlock’s before, they need something to clutch.
He nabbed his clothes from the bedroom and threw them on on his way out, thankful that Sherlock was still dead to the world (
I realised if I were dating a woman who kept insisting she was a lesbian, it would bother me too. Like I didn’t belong somehow you know?
is… rather a lot. He wants to know John like no one else ever has, and to have him in ways John has never let himself be had.
“Hm.” He laid John’s hand back on the table and did the same to his right one. “Angle isn’t quite right, I admit, but…”
Sherlock had never called John by his name before. John had forgotten Sherlock even knew his given name, actually, just as he’d forgotten that Sherlock had a photo of John’s shoes. Although Sherlock hadn’t forgotten, clearly, since he apparently still looked at it.
I might’ve perhaps been a bit unnecessarily rude myself. For that, I suppose I should apologise as well.
The first time John had ever heard or seen another person besides her or Sherlock in the women’s toilets, and it was the one time when she really would’ve rather they just buggered off.
Sherlock on his back, with his legs around John’s waist, spellbound by the sight before him. Utterly nude, the gloriously gnarled scar on his left shoulder bared, his face flushed and damp with sweat, John is breathtaking.
Level 26? If you’re level 26 now, then you must have been level 23 or 24 when you completed the Hounds of Baskerville last week. Are you sure you aren’t playing it on the easy setting? What is your playing style, and what sort of character are you developing?
John reached the top of the staircase and juggled the shopping from hand to hand so he could open the door and then carry the bags to the kitchen table.
Again, Sherlock ignored her, too busy retrieving two mugs from the cupboard, so with a roll of her eyes, John returned to the sitting room. She’d intended to scoop up her computer and carry it to her own chair, but at the last moment changed her mind and simply plopped into Sherlock’s. The well-worn leather creaked only slightly under her weight and seemed to cradle her as she sank into it. Not as good as her own chair—John preferred something more firm—but it would do.
“Not a chance,” John mumbled into his jaw. “If there has to be some sort of... wonky paternal overtones in this relationship, then at least they’ll be kinky ones.”
Afterwards, then. He’ll get the toes from Molly, return to the flat, find a case for John, and everything will be better. John may be doomed to a relationship of sexual and emotional dissatisfaction, but Sherlock can at least give him this.
It was hotter than it had any right to be. John considered having it off right there at his computer first thing in the morning, thinking of rutting wildly against a buzzing bit of gold while Sherlock stroked his back and watched.
“Have you eaten enough?” said Sherlock. “There are the blood bags in the flat, obviously, but if you need something more now to tide you over until we arrive....”
With a wistful sigh, Mrs Hudson swept her hands down the skirt of her dress and moved towards the kitchen, and in the process trodded right over Sherlock’s sheet music. “Oh!” She jumped backwards, surprised, then made an exasperated noise and called towards the back of the flat, “Sherlock, the mess you made!”
.” He opened the box of scampering, squeaking rats and lifted one out. It was grey and white and utterly dwarfed by Sherlock’s hand, rendering its desperate squirming ineffective.
—and his voice had hitched then, just slightly, but it had spoken to Sherlock even more loudly than his words—
“Getting high while you’re out cavorting with Mike Stamford?” Sherlock offered, perfectly amiable. He was hardly about to start an argument now.
Does he? Sherlock hasn’t noticed, although he does highly approve of his own appearance. A good number of the marks are hidden by his shirt collar, but just as many peek out from beneath it.
Conclusion: To avoid contributing to an unhealthy relationship with John, Sherlock can never: 1) lie to John about his identity, 2) harm John’s friends, and 3) purposely withhold crucial information.
Everything that Sherlock knows of John’s sleep habits he’s learned from deductions. It’s an impressive amount of knowledge, of course, because Sherlock’s powers of deduction are impressive, but it’s not the same as data that is observed—which he has now been given the opportunity to gather.
It was twilight, and the light filtering through Rosie’s window from the setting sun seemed eerie rather than lovely, as it might have done in any other situation.
Sherlock arches an eyebrow. “Can you honestly imagine that I would endure something I don’t want without complaint?”
“Sorry.” John giggled. He felt giddy, having Sherlock so close and knowing they were about to get even closer. “Sorry that, um. That didn’t go like I imagined it would.”
“Birth father!” the man says, looking dumbfounded. His tears seem to have frozen on his face. “What—”
John hadn’t so much as thought of the site in ages, at least a month. That Sherlock was thinking of it—and not only that, but doing things on it, when his profile had been all but empty the last time John had looked—was surprising.
John shrugged. Sherlock wouldn’t believe him. No amount of planting seeds or weaving mysteries would change that, would it?
“Er,” said John. He hadn’t even known there was a doorbell. He must’ve been too fixated on the doorknocker to notice. “Sorry. I thought this
John tasted of spearmint toothpaste. She’d brushed her teeth before coming upstairs for bed. Sherlock suckled tenderly at her bottom lip, relishing the taste and the way that John giggled into her mouth, cupped Sherlock’s cheeks in her hands, and trailed her fingers down Sherlock’s jawline. Sweet girl. Sherlock’s girl. So small and warm and soft.
This time, John’s chuckle had a rather dangerous edge to it. “Yeah, no. That’s not how this works. You don’t get to buy me things I don’t need or want and then try to hold it over my head. If you want to be a manipulative arsehole, you can take your socks and your jumper and everything else you’ve bought and piss off.”
He could wank himself now; only a stroke or two would do, as wound up as he is. Sherlock probably wouldn’t bother to stop him.
When there was no response, he pounded again and listened closely, leaning towards the door so he could hear the knock echoing faintly inside. Maybe no one was home.
John holds himself utterly, perfectly still, though he throbs and aches with need. He can feel his pulse in the veins of his cock, can hear it pounding in his ears. Time slows and the world goes soft and hazy for a long, long while, until finally Sherlock’s prick softens enough that he can withdraw.
Yes. The pain continues to grow as Sherlock lies here, basking in it, sucking it in like smoke. Still, it’s weak. And even with his eyes closed, he knows it isn’t bleeding. If it were, the blood would be leaking down his hip; he would feel it. He doesn’t.
The flat that John entered was… well, it was not what he had expected. For one, it didn’t look as though the rent were exorbitantly expensive. It was nice, to be sure, but not the sort of flat John imagined Sherlock—who had now thrown thousands of pounds at John for performing menial tasks—would live in.
It was a stupid thing to say, and he immediately wanted to kick himself. Perhaps Sherlock didn’t want a cock in his arsehole, didn’t want to think of it any more than John wanted to think of sex workers and Daddies. Anal sex was far from a universally loved activity, and perhaps now Sherlock thought that John was more keen on it than he was.
“The Fleshlight. They’re notoriously difficult to clean properly. Require a bit of upkeep too. Easier just to bin it.”
Another sharp shake of Sherlock’s head, but this time he followed it up with “If you like. Doesn’t matter. We’re going back, you realise.”
“Animated pornography involving ‘tentacle monsters,’ as you called them, seemed incongruous with what I know of your personality and your sexuality.”
“You’re right.” John glanced down at herself: her largish breasts and wide hips and freshly trimmed pubic hair and shaved legs. “I took everything off.”
It was glorious. His arse so wet and full, John’s grasp so hot and firm. The tail swung behind him like a pendulum, brushing his arse cheeks and the backs of his thighs. His collar jingled ceaselessly, loud enough that Sherlock could hardly even hear his own breathless moans.
“Matter of opinion.” Sherlock’s pretty eyes seemed to sparkle as she gazed fondly up at John—and did so even more when she looked into the V of John’s open thighs. She plumped her bottom lip. accentuating the shine from her saliva. “Now come here. I want to eat you.”
Beautiful girl. Sherlock pictured the growing damp patch in John’s knickers, the cotton clinging to her sex, and felt her mouth go dry. It was worth the brief discomfort, the weak flash of
believed him at the time, but now, seeing that Mycroft somehow had known exactly where to fetch John’s gun, John reckoned he had a better idea of what Sherlock had meant. “Oh, right. Um, hi? And thanks for this, I suppose.”
“I’ve informed Mrs Hudson that if she hasn’t heard from you in—hm, thirteen minutes now—she should bring her air horn when she checks on you.”
They fucked daily: Sherlock always plastered to John’s back so that she could nuzzle the wound, kiss it, smell it, commit every dint in skin and blot of colour to memory.
. It’s immensely pleasurable for me in ways I cannot quantify. I’ve tried to maintain physical arousal, because you’ve made your position on that quite clear, but—”
“Just the spine,” Sherlock murmured. His voice was soft and thick with hunger, and oh god yeah, definitely sexual. “Your fangs can break bone easily enough. Just don’t swallow it, nor the skin or hair for that matter. Everything else your body can digest.”
Sherlock sank all the way to his knuckles. When John responded with another contented hum and a languid roll of his hips, making his internal muscles ripple, Sherlock echoed the noise, although his “Mm” was shorter and sounded almost pained.
The grip on his hips moves to John’s arse and pries his cheeks apart, wide enough that John’s tender, overused hole stretches a bit, and John moans at the burn. He imagines what it must look like now: red, puffy, still gaping and dribbling Sherlock’s come.
As far as affection went, Sherlock swung quite erratically between clingy and aloof. Some days he followed her from room to room, darting under her feet, rubbing against her legs, meowing up at her, and being a general nuisance until she sat down and consented to stroke him.
It took Sherlock a moment to realise that John expected a response, then another moment to process the question.
“The sadomasochism,” Sherlock says. A child could hear the dismay in his voice, but he hardly cares.
I appreciate the offer of assistance, but I don’t think I’ll take you up on it just now. I don’t really have any interest in teaching, and working at Bart’s just doesn’t appeal. It’s where I trained, so I suppose I associate it with being young and stupid and I’m not that desperate yet.
John hummed, exchanging fingertips for fingernails and gently scratching Sherlock’s nape. Sherlock’s toes curled in bliss. “I did like her. She didn’t mind that you would always come first.”
An article in one of the papers at the time noted that the boy’s shoes were missing. All his other clothes were safely secured in his locker at the pool, but there was no sign of his shoes. Seemed more than a bit suspicious, I thought, but nobody else seemed to think it was important.
His eyes were covered in a red film—opaque, completely obscuring his pupils and irises. If John were to press a finger to the corner of one eye, he knew it would come away bloody.
Sherlock murmured an affirmation, and, apparently emboldened, John did it again, pressing harder this time, which drew a shuddery sigh from Sherlock’s lips.
By then, Sherlock is nearly flat on his back on the sofa with John on top of him, looking down at him. Marked, wearing the shadows of Sherlock’s mouth, wet with Sherlock’s saliva, and so aroused that Sherlock can smell it.
“I told you, I wasn’t uncomfortable. My sister’s gay, you know. You think I’d be living with her if gay people made me uncomfortable?”
Before shutting down his laptop, John checked his email and was surprised to find he’d received a new message. Even more surprising was that it was from Sherlock.
Sherlock moaned, deep and long—John definitely felt the vibrations that time, and had to grip the headboard to keep from falling—and buried herself as deep as possible in John’s pussy. It felt… not as strange as she’d have thought, actually, and she was half-tempted to try to hump Sherlock’s tongue until she brought herself to a second, feeble orgasm, but she didn’t. She stayed as still as possible until the aftershocks had passed. Then she climbed off and flopped onto the bed, while Sherlock stared dazedly at the ceiling with her whole body tense. Her thighs were clenched tightly together.
Leaning over the coffee table, Sherlock snatched back the ring and slipped it on his finger. He held his hand up, giving John a clear view of the gap between the width of his finger and size of the ring.
Then John was alone in the living room, glancing between the sofa and the armchairs near the fireplace. The sofa seemed the better option, somehow less presumptuous and intimate than an armchair, so that was where he sat to wait.
,” John said, in the half-sighing tone that meant she was getting very tired of saying this. (Fortunate, as Sherlock was getting very tired of hearing it.) She peered into the mirror over her shoulder, rubbing the back of her neck, where the skin was flushed an angry pink and marked with the blood-red outline of human teeth.
“You’ve got a sensitive scalp,” John tells him, stroking languidly through Sherlock’s hair while Sherlock kneels between his bare thighs and wanks himself furiously.
John giggled, dragging her fingers through Sherlock’s curls. “Have you? I thought you wanted me to sit on your face.”
The surprise melted from Sherlock’s expression, replaced with such an intense fondness and longing that John’s insides twisted. Sherlock looked torn between either falling to his knees or pinning John against the wall. John wasn’t sure which he would prefer, if he would prefer either at all.
“You may be able to see through everything and everyone,” says John, without any amusement now, “but you’ve never been able to see yourself. And that’s fine, because I do see you, and I know you’re not like Mary. Well, not like
He heard his slip a second too late. ‘Your date.’ John wasn’t his date, had just got done explaining that this wasn’t a date, and the subtle widening of Sherlock’s half smile left John with no doubt that he’d registered the slip.
With a heavy sigh, Sherlock flops onto his other side, curling into foetal position with his nose to the back of the sofa.
More paper-flipping. Photos of a dead woman and toxicology screenings were passed over and deposited facedown in a pile. John watched, baffled and dumb-struck. He wasn’t sure what he was meant to be getting from this; it was nothing like the time at Sherlock’s flat. He raised his head, looking quickly around the coffeehouse, and was surprised to find that the other patrons and the barista as well were all staring, mouths agape.
John puts his mouth to the spout again and keeps it there, squeezes his eyes shut to savour the fantasy: Sherlock as a werewolf behind him, buggering him senseless—and Sherlock as a human in front of him, diabolically sweet and gentle as he fills John’s mouth with cock and praises him for letting himself be bred like a good boy, an obedient bitch, while John slobbers all over his own face and moans happily at how brilliant it feels, spitroasted on his two favourite cocks.
Nothing had ever happened during the day. In the evening, sure, and at night, of course, but not like this. First thing in the morning, the sun gleaming brightly through in the window.
“Perhaps it’s fortunate he’ll never see you like this,” Mycroft says. He’s sat on the bed now, watching the proceedings dispassionately. “The depth of your desperation would alarm him, no doubt.”
“Pretty sure I’m never going to play as a woman again, if it makes other people think I’m ogling my character’s tits.... Also, I didn’t know there were women in this game. I didn’t see any when I played earlier.”
There are absolutely rules governing my use of punctuation! The main one is that I add a comma when I would naturally pause if I was speaking, and I don’t add one if I wouldn’t pause. That’s why the question (not a sentence, if you’re going to judge my punctuation you should at least know the difference between the two) doesn’t have one and the sentence does. It might not be technically correct, but it’s got me this far with no complaints aside from yours.
“Yeah,” John says softly, “I’ve noticed that. The bit about the marks and the healing, that is. You sort of… light up afterwards, I suppose is one way to describe it. It’s… I’ve never seen anything like it.”
Sherlock nuzzles at John’s neck, which sparks another longer shudder. John cups the back of Sherlock’s head, sinks his fingers into Sherlock’s hair, and makes a little scratching motion against Sherlock’s scalp, and
John moves even farther away—Sherlock’s fingers twitch, aching to retrieve him—and clumsily yanks his jumper over his head, followed by the t-shirt he’s wearing beneath, and tosses them both aside. His torso is bared; his scar is bared. Sherlock hasn’t worshipped that scar in days, he realises. He should rectify that immediately.
“No,” he cries, hips jerking, trying to fuck himself some more even as the knot swells thicker inside him. “No, no, please, Sherlock, just a little—”
Oh. That was good. The pressure sparked a sort of fluttering sensation between Sherlock’s thighs that made her simultaneously want to squeeze them together at the same time that she longed to spread them as wide as they would go. So, torn, she squirmed. Her hips shimmied on the cushion, and she pushed her foot even harder into John’s touch.
“I found it when I was gathering up the sheets,” John said. “It looked like you might’ve nudged it between us in your sleep.”
All the tripe about honesty and trust and respect, and if he has to listen to John’s verbal rendition of it, he doesn’t know what he’ll be reduced to.
“Okay?” John said, panting and dying to pin Sherlock’s arse in place and bugger it until Sherlock was utterly, beautifully silent and clinging to the sink in ecstasy. “Do you need a minute?”
John must know, Sherlock thinks with a shiver, he must know how that word affects him. A violin string snapped mid-note, a bullet halted by brick, Sherlock can’t ignore it, can’t focus on anything but it.
It wasn’t her good china, but there were two glasses smashed to bits on the floor. Knocked off the worktop where they’d been drying, she supposed. The little bastard.
“No, I don’t,” John agreed. “Don’t need to, when it’s just me. I usually just get right to the main event.”
Ella wasn’t really pleased about that. Like you said, it’s a bit violent and the main story’s about war. But by that point it was fairly obvious Ella and I weren’t really compatible so to speak, so I stopped seeing her.
It is 21:37, less than a half hour until dusk, and John is strapped into place while Sherlock fingers him open.
Sherlock would have to wait until John’s current bite healed, of course. Obviously. Otherwise, she risked interfering with the healing process, causing complications, leading to more damage. So: no additional bites for the foreseeable future.
The rhythm went swiftly from languid to quick to brutal. Soon Sherlock wasn’t exaggerating at all. He was gagging, drooling, crying, but no one could mistake his moans for anything but euphoric. John’s grunts went quiet and then stopped.
Sherlock didn’t have a plan for where they were to have coffee, apparently—and in fact seemed panicked when John suggested that he might—so they wandered until they found a Costa that was not only open, but surprisingly
“Excellent,” Sherlock said. The deep satisfaction in her tone made John shiver. “Lie down on your back, with your head on your pillow.”
And also so that she could monitor its healing. Late one afternoon—in her bed, undressed but for her knickers and a vest, and curled around John while John was still nude and trembling, letting out soft gasping cries while her bullet vibrator still buzzed against her clit—Sherlock scrutinised the bite mark, noting that the texture was smoother, the redness gone, the purplish-blue faded to tan.
I thought maybe I could be too. I mean I’ve got one, I know what I like. But I suppose it’s not the same is it?
But Sherlock wasn’t paying attention, too intent on mouthing teasingly at the one of the veins. “Let Daddy take care of you,” he murmured, then swallowed John down.
John’s exhale was shaky, and he hated himself for it. His forehead ached faintly like a reminder, a warning. “Yeah, that… That happens sometimes.”
“I don’t know what it is,” Sherlock was saying. He looked… miserable. Pale and stricken. “I want—” His gaze flickered around the restaurant, at the patrons who were still sending them curious glances, then down at the table and the Harrods bag. He seized the bag and thrust it back towards John. “Take the scarf.”
being asked to envision an imaginative end for some hypothetical man seemingly only for Sherlock’s amusement. “He’s congested and miserable and desperate for something more than what an antihistamine can do. So he pops by a chemist’s and buys a neti pot.”
One gentle suckle, the tip of his tongue dipping into John’s slit and teasing his fraenulum, and suddenly John was moaning and arching and coming, just like that, shocking the hell out of himself. Probably Sherlock as well, although he barely missed a beat; he simply swallowed John’s cock and sucked him through it, letting John come in his hot, wet throat and making the most gorgeous fucking picture John had ever seen.
And yet John couldn’t help but notice that she made no attempt to either rub against John’s clit or breach John’s entrance. Instead, her fingertip traced featherlight round the sensitive rim of John’s hole.
“You definitely don’t get to decide what sort of sex I want,” says John, looking close to furious now. “You think I like worrying that I’ve pushed you into something you don’t want? You think I like not being able to say for certain whether you’ve enjoyed something or not?”
“That reminds me, actually. Now that I’ve been stood here for about five minutes watching you loot through crates. I’ve seen you tell a person’s whole sodding history from one glance, but in video games you have to comb every inch of an area to find things. Why?”
“If it is a problem, then there are several shops online catering to the cross-dressing and transgender communities where I could purchase fairly realistic breast prostheses. Well, I say ‘realistic,’ but not having seen them in person—and having extremely limited personal experience with breasts—I can’t say with absolute certainty that—”
And then he can’t say anything at all, because Sherlock is pushing inside him and all John’s breath leaves his body in a startled whoosh.
Not to mention, they are not John’s name or initials. They aren’t the shape of his teeth or nails. Sherlock hasn’t left anything of himself on John’s body; the blood-stained gloves are already removed, soon to be binned with the rest of the rubbish. Sherlock isn’t tied any more to John now than he was before they began.
“Oh.” John remembered Sherlock mentioning his brother, claiming he was the British government and had access to all sorts of information. John hadn’t
But John is deliciously sex-drowsy and rumpled, still smelling faintly of ejaculate, and has opted to sleep shirtless (although unfortunately not pantsless). Sherlock’s soil samples, waiting in the kitchen, pale in comparison to the opportunity to savour the sight, scent, and feel of John Watson in his bed.
“—and then fuck you just like this,” Sherlock said. She wasn’t even blinking, staring into John’s face like she couldn’t bear to miss so much as a facial twitch. “Would you like that?”
Wow, I didn’t know the police ever hired a consultant like that. I’m impressed! That’s amazing. A little less amazing that you say you’re wishing for some people to be dead, but I think I know what you meant.
The alarm effortlessly shooed away, Sherlock folds forwards and curls himself round John again. He’s thigh-deep in the armchair now and he can scarcely feel his feet, but he doesn’t care. He’ll stay here until he’s forced to move.
John hadn’t even thought of it, actually, nor was he given any time to ponder it now, as Sherlock took advantage of John’s distraction to shove him rather unceremoniously onto his stomach.
, John wants to moan, but he’s gasping too heavily for words. Behind him, on top of him, Sherlock is panting harshly, his breath a constant rush of heat against the back of John’s neck. Sweat begins to drip down his nape, then his temples. His tongue is dry, his throat beginning to hurt.
Relationship in trouble, obviously. The stress of travel, multiple weeks in the near-constant presence of one another, it revealed issues of which neither was previously aware. The engagement will almost certainly be called off within the month, if not this week. By him, of course.
Lace knickers. Black in colour? Red? Blue. Blue to match his eyes. John wearing nothing but little blue flimsy lace knickers.
Sherlock’s voice, not terribly loud to begin with, grew abruptly quiet, a soft rumble that John could almost feel.
John’s head jerked up at the bang of the box striking wood. Sherlock stood still, breathing just as hard as John had been moments before. His nostrils were probably flaring. He shoved his hands in his pockets, preparing himself for John to break the silence.
Sherlock didn’t hesitate, nor did he take his eyes from the telly. Enamoured, despite the sneer he’d no doubt give the plot later. “No.”
Mrs Hudson had had enough of Rosie now, he suspected. She’d need a reprieve. And besides, he needed to see his daughter, assure her that he hadn’t abandoned her last night.
John flinched. He’d been avoiding thinking of it like that. It sounded…preposterous. Mad. Utterly humiliating.
“For starters.” Sherlock kissed the crease of John’s inner thigh and then went in for another suckle, twisting her head and bobbing a bit: a gentle tugging that made John’s hips stutter again. She could
“Maybe I wasn’t clear before,” he said eventually. “But I’m not… I mean, I thought this could maybe become a, erm. A permanent thing.”
It wasn’t the way that John had wanted—pounding her from behind, not a single brush against her clit—but that Sherlock was getting off on it, still grinding against John’s bottom and groaning into John’s hair, more than made up for it.
John’s eyes were narrowed, his jaw clenched with fury. It was absurd, really, because Sherlock had barely even started. There were a dozen other barbs to throw still, beginning with the fact that John was simply one more in at least two generations of Watsons incapable of maintaining steady employment—
He and John are met at the edge of the blocked-off car park first by Donovan, who scarcely glances at them as they duck under the police tape. She leads them through the small crowd of officers and underlings milling about.
In their bumping and rutting, their bodies moved so that Sherlock’s cock was rubbing John’s arse cheek instead, leaving a wet streak along the fleshiest bit. The fluid would be greyish in colour, John knew, and completely spermless.
‘You need a job,’ he told himself as he showered. ‘Something in your life that doesn’t revolve around Sherlock bloody Holmes.’
That made John look up. His eyebrows were drawn together, wrinkling his forehead. “Of course there’ll be a next time. A lot of next times, I expect.”
in usual sense of the word, he would stay on your lap if you put him there and would consent to be stroked so long as you stayed away from his belly, which he seemed quite sensitive about.
Sherlock ignored him, sauntering into the kitchen. His hands were in his coat pockets, calm as you please. John felt like he was about to vibrate out of his skin just watching him.
Some people wanted a sequel with a breeding stand, which at first I didn't want to do and then later didn't want to do and then even later didn't want to do, and then one day I just, well, did. So here it is. <3?
hear you the first time, thanks; I just wanted to be sure who was asking before I answered. And I don’t have a medical opinion on spontaneous human combustion because I know
“Because I’ve realised what it is that I enjoy.” Sherlock shifted his weight from one foot to the other. “About buying you things, that is. Can I come in?”
Skin—human. Sherlock’s hand. It grasps one side of John’s ileum crest as though Sherlock means to steady him—although John is far, far past the point of anything remotely resembling
Sherlock frowns, and something like alarm begins to beat against his sternum. “You said third parties were a hard limit.”
that John is neither romantically nor sexually available. Sherlock mentally relives his and John’s time in the queue. Sherlock ordering and paying for John, John standing closer to Sherlock than is socially acceptable for just friends, John’s body angled in Sherlock’s direction.
Sherlock stops himself, halts his spinning mind mid-deduction, because the thought of John’s previous sexual relationships—and worse, of John sharing with others what he is now just beginning to share with Sherlock—is… unpleasant. Shattering. All the terror of leaping off a building but none of the joyous rush of having survived the fall.
Rather than walking to the door to leave as expected, John came towards Sherlock. It took all of Sherlock’s self-control to avoid turning his head to watch John’s approach and deduce his intentions.
, John thought. His fangs had lengthened. He wanted to plunge his hands into the mess and then lick them clean.
Sherlock flat on his belly, one leg hiked up on the mattress, muffling his cries into a pillow as John prises his arse cheeks apart and eats at his hole like he’s starved for it. Until Sherlock’s arse is wet and sloppy and he can’t help but push back into John’s face, getting the sensitive rim nice and loose so that John’s tongue can dip inside and open him properly.
John opened his eyes, stilling his hand. His prick was red, swollen with blood, throbbing in time with his pulse.
“Erm,” says John, and his fists tighten. Sherlock is reminded of knots in a rope. Nooses. Cerebral hypoxia. “Not sure if you’d rather I bugger off upstairs or—”
The chase that ensued was without a doubt the most ridiculous thing John had ever done. Vaulting over cars, climbing railings, and leaping across rooftops. Adrenaline surged through him, his heart pounding like a war drum the entire time, and by the time it was done and they were back at Baker Street—panting and giggling like children, standing side by side against the wall while they caught their breath—John was certain it was the most fun he had ever had.
“John,” he says. The only word that matters. His sun, his black hole. The centre of gravity in his useless galaxy of existence. “John.”
Then everything was warm and wet and soft, and something in Sherlock’s body coiled and sprung at the same time that his mind dimmed and slowed, his thoughts going sluggish and fragmented like dollops of marmalade. His legs clamped instinctively tight around John’s head, and he tried (and failed) to roll onto his side and curl up, overwhelmed by the shock of pleasure so strong that it nearly hurt.
“Probably in his curry, which was his last meal,” Sherlock confirmed, handing over Kenny’s autopsy report. “Lestrade’s team was lost. Identical cause of death and treatment of the bodies indicates the same killer, yet aside from the victims’ gender, there was no obvious connection between them. Different ages, races, parts of London, financial situations, circles of friends and family.”
Sherlock glanced up finally. There was a glint in his eyes. The devious, planning sort. The sort that made John want to say ‘No’ even as his brain shouted
By all means. Satisfy your petty need to comb through it in search of errors. You’ll find none. I’ve devoted well over 100 hours to writing and editing my comprehensive guide to Caranguard. The quality is unmatched. You acknowledged that in your initial email, I believe. ‘Very thorough and descriptive and easy to understand’, wasn’t it?
When John began to come, she gave herself no time to appreciate it. At the first heady throb, she was rising to her knees, despite her still-weak and aching thighs, and straddling Sherlock’s face, letting her arch up and feel the muscles of John’s cunt contracting around her tongue.
Her entire life she’s been miserable and angry. Wanting things to be different for her doesn’t make me like my parents.
Then a man came in thinking I would prescribe him anything he sodding wanted and I lost my temper a bit.
John was about sex the way that Sherlock was about cases. The ordinary wouldn’t do. It had to be interesting; it had to be thrilling.
Why should it make Sherlock uncomfortable? On the contrary, the sight of his own scar and the reminder of the bullet that made it is oddly comforting.
John gave his bed one last lingering look, along with the sheets Sherlock had tossed in a haphazard pile on the floor, before he followed.
John gripped the leather cushion beneath him and thought about crying, ‘Daddy!’ as an apology, to make up for his inexcusable blunder. But he could only manage to mouth it. Mostly soundless—certainly voiceless, and the smacking noise of his tongue and lips forming the word was drowned out by Sherlock’s long, rapturous moan as his jaw stretched wide to accommodate John’s girth.
It should have been unsettling. A red fucking flag in a developing relationship if there ever was one. Possessive partners led to things like stalking and violence and misery for all involved. In short: danger. John should have run a bloody mile.
Sherlock needs to be hurt. Right now—John’s mouth at the joins of his own neck and shoulders, giving Sherlock a matching set of bruises. He wants to wear this moment on his own skin the way John is wearing it on his: beautiful and brutal.
That was a crap thing for me to say. I shouldn’t have said any of it. Especially the stuff about Victor, that was inexcusable.
Sherlock peered into John’s face for several seconds. Then, when he’d evidently determined John was being truthful, he nodded once.
Sort of. I got a bit shirty with a patient so it was ‘strongly encouraged’ that I take the rest of the day off.
Until he came back from Tesco one afternoon to hear an odd mechanical sort of sound echoing throughout the building. He stood just inside the door a moment, listening, and then began to slowly climb the stairs.
With a shaky sigh, he made himself let go. His cock neglected and aching, John finished his shower and allowed his breathing to even out, his heartbeat to slow back to its normal resting pace. He dried himself, put on his bathrobe, and opened the door.
John shook himself from his thoughts and frowned. “Sorry, are you telling me how to raise my daughter?”
It’s almost three full minutes—John is an impossibly, infuriatingly slow typist—before Sherlock’s phone chimes with a response:
He tried to be quick about it. A swift scrub with his shampoo, a cursory wash with his bar of soap. He refused to let his mind wander, although it wanted to. It strayed to Baker Street, Sherlock’s hand, Sherlock’s
“Do you have any idea how gorgeous you look with your mouth full?” John asked. Sherlock winked and tried to smile, which made him gag, his shoulders heaving. And fuck if, in John’s twisted little mind, that wasn’t hot too, even if it did probably undo some of Sherlock’s efforts to clean the toy before they used it.
He tilted Sherlock’s head back so that he could press his lips to Sherlock’s forehead. This time, the kiss was neither exaggerated nor comical, and it lingered long enough for John to inhale and exhale once, rustling Sherlock’s fringe. Sherlock didn’t dare to breathe.
Sherlock surged forwards immediately, turning John and driving him back into the kitchen table. The rat corpse dropped with a thud and a squish, and then there was a hand on either side of John’s face. They cupped his jaw and smeared gore along one side of it while Sherlock ate at John’s mouth with more focus and fervour than John had ever been snogged with in his life. He couldn’t keep up and eventually stopped trying, just left his lips parted and moved obligingly whenever Sherlock tired of lapping and sucking at one part and wanted another.
“At least he doesn’t seem to want to chase you,” she told him, and heaved herself to her feet again.
He’s only managed to scrape off half the coating using a scalpel, when he hears John enter the kitchen and stop just behind him.
Just as quickly as he’d unwound it, Sherlock wrapped the scarf around John’s throat, using it to hold John still when he tried to jerk instinctively away. The fabric smelt of cologne and hair product and a hint of old, dried blood. Before John could stop himself, he was sucking in as much of the scent as he could, squeezing his eyes shut as a wave of thirst-hunger-whatever struck—absurdly strong, considering he’d just emptied a blood bag less than a half hour ago.
When he was undressed, he picked up Harry’s old phone again and said, “All right. Done,” just as the BlackBerry, still on the bed where he’d abandoned it, chimed.
This time when his lip tried to twitch, John let the smile form. “You… fine. All right. Give me five minutes to get dressed.”
“You….” John licked his lips. Sherlock’s eyes followed the quick motion, then blinked rapidly and looked away. “Sorry, you told your brother about me?”
. John jolted backwards, snapping his eyes open although the trickling water burned, and yanked the shower curtain aside.
“Oh, this was a good one!” Sherlock exclaimed. Loudly. Too loudly, John realised, oh god, he was nattering on about murderers and calling attention to himself in a quiet coffeehouse. “Strangler. Assaulted the corpses of the men he’d killed too, but didn’t leave so much as a trace of DNA behind. Very hard to do. And
Inevitably, Mrs Hudson joins them as well, and she and Molly pass Rosie back and forth like she’s a train car travelling between stops.
He drew back, ignoring Sherlock’s whimper of protest. “And you’re an idiot. Running off like that, nearly getting yourself killed. You were going to take that bloody pill, weren’t you?”
“Dunno, actually. It just makes me feel... good, I suppose. To know someone’s following my blog. Especially since it’s apparently shit, according to you.”
“Right there,” said John, just as Sherlock knocked the plastic bottle of water-based lubricant onto the floor. “Well done. Ah well. Didn’t really need it now anyway.”
A domestic thing to say, frightfully so, and Sherlock is not domestic. Mary was, at least for a time, and look how that turned out. John cycling to work, discontent, seeking out danger in drug dens—and then everything else, of course. Sherlock does not want to be like Mary, not any more than he already is. He can’t be.
