"The sequence was triggered by a memory of the Winter Soldier from last time," Natasha explained calmly. "This shouldn't really have anything to do with survivor’s guilt." She was speaking to both of them, but she didn't take her eyes off of Steve.
Aria nodded and rushed through into the kitchen to tell them; they'd taken a break to allow Steve to collect himself.
"Which I love about you,” said Aria.  “And… as promised." Her eyes twinkled as she placed a bottle of wine in front of Pepper. It was from a vineyard in the south of France. They only made around 500 bottles a year.
"Now isn't the time to deal with him," Natasha said simply. "Tony, can you pick him up? ...Tony? Tony!" She clapped her hands in front of the Alpha's face to get him to stop babbling to his unconscious mate. "Carry him. Over here. Let's get him in the van, and let's get out of this place."
"That's it. Just breathe," he soothed in a whisper as Tony's chest began rising and falling at a far more normal rate. "Just breathe for me. It's gonna be okay, I promise," Steve promised and gave him a captain level serous look. Timidly he tilted his head up to kiss him slowly, hoping that might help drag Tony from out of his own head. The man got lost in his own train of thought so easily.
Pepper and Aria and Jeanette and Danielle and a half-dozen stage hands had swarmed over, but that was to be expected.  Steve and Tony ignored them, their earlier spat all-but forgotten.
"I suspect that, considering the state of Captain Rogers' body, his heats are rather more intense than most," said Gleason.  "Has he been following his prescriptions?"
Tony laced their hands together firmly and let the detail do their work with guerilla-style efficiency.  Inside wasn't much better, however. Bonaventure was technically a public space; it was a massive hotel and indoor shopping center, and the media and protesters had leaked inside, blocking the usually stunning view of the walkways, curved concrete stairwells, and indoor fountains.
There was a pause, then, since Steve hadn't interrupted him, Phil continued.  "Steve, you were my childhood hero. Now I've gotten to know you as a person. And people, unlike heroes, are complex.  They get angry, and sad, and hurt. And that's okay. And I'd rather be Steve Rogers's friend than Captain America’s. And I hope you realize how much that means, coming from me."  There was a small, wry bit of irony in Phil's tone. Steve
Steve hadn't expected that reaction. He didn't quite know what to think of it. If he hadn't had the serum in him Tony's tight grip probably would have left bruises. And then there was his top. "You can't just stop ruining my shirts, can you?" He asked, trying to joke weakly to calm Tony down.
Around one in the morning Steve passed out from exhaustion, his misery and guilt keeping him awake until then. Then he slept heavily. His body was dead from all the driving and his mind exhausted from all the turmoil. He needed the sleep and slept away well into the late hours of the morning, not even waking when the sun bled through the cracks in the curtains and spilled out onto the bed.
"  Pepper looked at Tony to see if there was any reaction.  There wasn't. Tony had abandoned trimming his goatee and was getting a bit of a scruffy look.  He stared off into the middle-distance, his arc reactor bright on his bare chest. "...Tony. It would really mean a lot to me if you'd watch this interview."
for the first time a part of him wanted it to be special. Maybe it was cheesy. Maybe it was his old forties values peeking through.  But maybe that wasn't necessarily a bad thing.
"It's not actually possible to increase the chance of having an Alpha, right?" Steve said and Piper gave him a look, like he'd just asked if doors were designed to open. "It's all just chance, isn't it? Like if you have a girl or boy..."
"You're bonded to Steve and as long as he's in heat, you're at risk," said Brazinski.  "In heat, people are more open, less inhibited... and yes, more vulnerable."
"You're burning up, Pietro.  You've been in close quarters with a dominant Alpha for weeks now.  It's happening."
friendly, especially with the ladies.  Steve was attractive, extremely so. Of course Howard would have gone after him.  Pepper was more impressed that Steve had managed to avoid getting taken advantage of; Howard Stark wasn't someone who seemed like he took "no" very well.
Tony hated to admit that Malick was probably right.  Yemen was a matter of international treaties that had been violated and frankly didn't have anything to do with omega rights.
knows what I'm talking about!" said Tony enthusiastically, grinning.  He knew Steve was probably blushing even more beside to him.
you didn't he?" snarled Tony.  "Why did you let him bite you if your bond with him was so terrible?  I thought Bucky was the greatest.  How do I know you won't feel trapped by me in a few years and move on to the next Alpha?"
When he'd had semi-heats in the forties he'd had to look after himself. Those had been some of the most frustrating days of his life, where all he had for relief was his fingers and Vaseline. Steve didn't miss it, certainly not now when he knew just how good it could be. And it was good, so fucking good...
in for questioning and they don't want to release him or take any action until they've compared it with your side of the story."
Steve thought it was nice to see them let loose, having fun... to actually see more of their more of their personalities shine through. There was hardly any timidness at the table. People asked Steve questions about the war, what it was like to be with Tony, how he was doing after his miscarriage. He'd enjoyed it more than he'd expected to and almost felt bad for expecting so much worse.
-- but there was none of that.  Mostly, he just felt happy.  Being around Steve was an all-encompassing feeling of wellness, one that overwhelmed any misgivings Tony might have had.  Even with Pepper and Rhodey being mad at him, he still couldn't feel much trepidation.
Marcus chewed on a slide of garlic mushroom thoughtfully. He was one of the youngest, having only passed the bar a year ago. But he'd known Angela and had worked in her firm before so had come along for the ride. Almost everyone had a partner or a strong support network. They weren't getting paid for this so it wouldn't help them pay rent. Steve knew that Marcus's father owned his own law firm so he could afford to take half a year out.
"I don't have any more secrets," Steve told him. "You literally know like... everything. My life wasn't very exciting, actually, aside from the war bit."
Tiberius winced a little.  "I think you should both just take a nap.  It's difficult to think rationally when you're in heat.  Here, Steve, take your pill..." Tiberius offered Steve a pill and a glass of water.  "This will all be better soon, once you come out of heat."
and today was about just that. It was kind of a big deal. They were finally presenting themselves as a couple in an interview, a united front. Steve leaned his head in his hands as he looked down at his alpha, eyebrows raising slowly in expectance. "Come on. Once it's over we have the rest of the week to ourselves." And then it was Christmas. Steve was both excited and apprehensive. Christmas had never been much of an event for Steve before. He'd always been too poor or sick to really enjoy it, and it was often both. Hopefully this year would be different.
huh?" demanded Tony, scanning the jungle below him, the augmented reality picking up running bodies using their infared signals.
Steve spotted a park nearby. He didn't know it but he was sure it was probably a semi-famous one. The weather was mild, or at least, it wasn't raining. Sunlight tickled through the clouds but it was still a little cold for Steve's liking.
"Let's get you in the shower," Steve said, running a hand through Tony's hair gently before he moved to turn on the shower.
Tony considered this.  "...why the hell would he work without being paid?" asked Tony, wondering if maybe the suggestion was a bug in JARVIS's problem-solving algorithm.
Steve spotted Piper talking animatedly with another young girl in the auction group, a girl with long, blond pigtails who looked like she and Piper ought to be at the mall cracking bubblegum and talking about boys together.
"Sorry.  He's not yours, though, right?  I didn't peg you as the kind of guy to get possessive.  I mean, I can see
Ian hummed around a slice of garlic bread. "They'll probably go as political as they can get away with."
"If a bond is not... consummated, as such." Gleason said, clearing his throat a little awkwardly. "The body will often try to reject it, especially if another bond is already present."
Steve could see Natasha rolling her eyes. "It's not that it's bad. It's just unknown to me. Aaand...I don't like the fact that SHIELD used it to track my every move."
. Past tense!  Now I'm more alive than I ever have been thanks to my bigger, blonder, better half.  Didja see the cover of the
"Hi James.  It's me. Pietro," said Pietro, who found that Bucky's memory didn't always allow him to remember names well, especially when he'd only just woken up.
Tony looked over at Steve.  "...you don't have to coddle me," he said, suddenly serious.  "I don't want to think about what happened. It's fine, okay? I'm fine.  ...can you take my collar off, though? My hackles are, like, burning..." He reached past the squirrel hood and scratched violently at his neck.
He glanced up through the hole in the wall and saw Natasha watching Tony with a curious expression on her face. Steve glanced over to catch the alpha looking at him who then quickly looked away. Steve almost felt his cheeks heat up and then he was thinking about the kiss- how hot and wet Tony's tongue felt in his mouth. Fuck. He'd liked that. It had been totally out of line but...maybe Steve had liked that a little too.
"Tell me-" Steve pressed. "-everything you know about the Winter Soldier. And, while you're at it, why he tried to take me. But we'll start with the basics."
"Oh, well, Comet got bonded by the producer and Mindy OD'd on some bad dope and I just didn't want to do it anymore after that.  So anyways Comet's producer sold me here and I've been an educator ever since."
He was cold but it wasn't bothering him. Steve walked over to the bushes where he'd seen Bucky before and then felt stupid. Of course, there was nothing. Bucky was stuck in cryo and it shouldn't even be scientifically possible for him to be awake.
"...I missed you so much..." said Tony, and suddenly he realized he was feeling a hell of a lot more emotional than he'd previously expected.  That moment in Yemen when, briefly, he hadn't been able to feel Steve... when he'd thought he'd lost him...
"What?" asked Tony, clearly not paying attention, cuddling up to Steve, playing with the sleeve of his t-shirt.
"He has to be here," Steve whispered. "He has to be... did no one called Trickshot used to ever be here, work here?" he asked, sounding a little desperate.
, right?  I mean, you can't be that screwed up, if you went into heat a few days ago.  ...right?"  He was trying to act casual but the truth was, he was suddenly worried about Steve.  It wasn't, surprisingly, a selfish concern.  Tony wanted Steve to be okay.  Steve looked so incredibly healthy that it was easy to forget how much his body had actually been through.
"Yes-- sorry.  Sorry. Coming, Giddy," mumbled Donner, stepping around them and walking over with his head hung down.
Rhodey ground his teeth.  "If you want to walk out here with me, and then change your mind and go back to him, I can't stop you.  But you'll just end back up here again. He doesn't want you." It was a harsh truth but a truth nonetheless; Gideon had severed the bond.
. You can explain everything to your boyfriend later. I need you to listen very carefully, Rogers; this is important."
"Bucky. Please. Come on. You don't want to do this. You don't," Steve said, voice a touch softer now. But it still had tremble in it. "Don't you remember?" He asked and moved his body under the other's suggestively, his hot breath clouding in the air in front of his face.
The crowd around Wanda all clapped as she guessed everyone's card correctly, and a few of them tossed her dollars.  She handed them over to Pietro.
"Like less than 1%. Okay I get it. So what? He's going to live out the rest of his days in a freezer?" Steve asked.
Steve pulled against the restraints but he appeared to be tied down into some sort of chair. "He is here with us."  The woman before him smiled, her eyes an insidious red. Steve's hair kept falling in front of his eyes and he couldn't see. That was funny. He didn't have long hair, did he?
Eventually he tilted his head up. Steve's eyes were glazed over. He almost looked high. He didn't say anything for a while but the word 'good' echoed around his mind for a good while.
"...thanks," he said finally, softly.  He felt a little choked up and he was stone-cold sober.  A dangerous place to be.
Tony was moaning lustfully; he felt Steve's mouth on his neck and was vaguely aware of Steve making noises, mewls and cries of desire, maybe the occasional cry of his name, but  he was too focused on the physical sensations to really process or answer those noises; his knot was so swollen it was almost painful and even time he felt it slip back into Steve his hips jerked upward, involuntarily, seeking to fill up the omega, wanting to get more of himself inside him.  He'd never had his knot worked like this, never, and it was so good, so tight... Steve's body was moving on top of his fast and hard, desperately milking him, and Tony was lost in wave after wave of pleasure.
The boys prepare for their first mission together, and HYDRA explores the possibility of bond exploitation.
Tony gave Steve's hand a tug.  "There.  No more JARVIS.  See?  ...he'll check back in tomorrow when the house reboots.  It's scheduled to update itself every morning at sunrise.  ...so, um, it's just us until then."  Tony gave Steve a small smile, feeling suddenly awkward.  Why?  He was proud of his smart house, proud of the amount of programming that-
"Tony..." Steve sighed fondly and went to set the food down by the bedside, the bacon shiny with syrup. He sat down on Tony's edge of the bed and reached over, tucking a loose strand of hair away from his face. Tony always got spectacular bed hair; it was strange and intimate seeing him so unpolished at times. "It's okay. We have time." He murmured and drew his fingers down across Tony's cheek almost as if he was making an effort to remember it. Then he seemed to realize what he was doing and drew his hand back.  "But you oughta eat now. Don't want it to get cold.  Hey, and there's coffee, too." Steve said, looking over at the tray briefly before back to Tony. Who still looked utterly dead to the word. "You know... you don't have to come on this if you don't want to, right?"
sprint, world record's be damned.) Steve leaned his hands on the back of the desk behind him, eyes flitting over the bottle. The run had given him too much of a buzz for him to be sad about that right now but he certainly wasn't
Steve's mouth tasted sweet and familiar, Steve's body warm and inviting under him.  He was vaguely aware of how casually he'd dismissed Pepper, who'd gone out of her way to check up on him, but he could make it up to her later; his concerns had shrunk down to Steve again.  Still licking into Steve's mouth, working his jaw desperately, he reached down with one hand to push up the damp towel around Steve's waist and feel between his legs.
Tony seemed unconcerned with that, just as he seemed unconcerned with meeting African royalty.  He'd met with lots of diplomats in his days.  "It's just a light little brunch. I'll express my sympathy, give condolences... he'll probably fill me in on what's up with their refugee crisis... maybe we'll exchange some numbers, have our people talk... it's not any different than your meetings with Irshad at the UN, really.  Except I guess that we're, y'know, meeting a king. But the Wakandan ambassador to the U.S. will brief us in the car and let us know if we have to kiss his ring or anything weird like that... no, wait, that's the Pope that you have to kiss his ring. Well, whatever, you know what I mean.  ...you know I'm lucky to have you?" said Tony suddenly, wrapping his arms around Steve's waist and lying his head on Steve's back.  "...lots of people never meet their scent-mates. I'm glad I met you. Glad we bonded. Even though it wasn't exactly well planned-out."  He kissed Steve's skin; it was warm. Always warmer than normal.
Steve chuckled and made his way up the spiral staircase and down the hall to Tony's (their) bedroom.  It felt more like home to him than his new, 21st-century apartment in Westwood did; maybe because this was the first place where he had felt like he actually had someone in the 21st century.  More than a co-worker or fellow soldier or sparring partner or ally.  Tony was more than that.
"Omega!"  Tony shoved a hand beneath the waistband of Steve's sweatpants, writhing against him, lapping at his neck.
Tony twisted in the water with a splash, accidentally swallowing some and going into a fit of coughing.  He dragged himself to the side of the pool, still sputtering.
"You kidding me?" demanded Natasha.  "Steve's being held captive in a HYDRA base and you're thinking about
"Or what?  You're gonna make me?" demanded Tony, his face breaking into a grin.  "No, that's cute, really, Rhodey... but you shouldn't try on other people's clothes without asking, it's rude... careful with that reactor, by the way, that thing'll burn you... it looks good on you, I gotta admit... is it weird that I think you're kinda cute in the suit?"
He wrapped the bandage slower than he had to, admittedly enjoying the contact. "Natasha's been teaching me Russian," Steve said to fill the silence and explain. "That's why we were talking in it."
His eyes were watering. He felt like he might cry, or maybe be sick. Steve could still feel his heat. But he could also feel the chair, the heavy weight of that plate pressing down on his forehead...his gaze became unfocused.
There's no way I'm dancing too to top it all off." Steve tried for a smile. This one made it to his eyes.
Tiberius gave a wry smile.  "I never fucked an omega, if that's what you're asking.  I had them kneel for me... they would induce heats and then, well, we were supposed to... but there was just no attraction.  I remember smelling behind their ears and all I could think about was what was for dinner. They simply held no appeal for me at all.  Besides, they all found me revolting... you know, my smell... in my whole life I've only ever been with one woman. A beta. And to be frank I was only with her because she had been with an Alpha I liked and... it was a way to get close to him, I suppose."
He crouched on the other end of the garage and held up the garbage can lid, planting his feet firmly.  Best case scenario was that the gauntlet would fly over when he tripped the sleeve he was wearing.  Worst case scenario is that it would blow up.  Only one way to really know for sure.
But what if it did?  What if it gave him a positive result?  He could get rid of a child, right?  ...Steve wasn't actually sure he could. No, he didn't want kids. Not at all. Not now.  He was a soldier.  But could he kill one? Steve was pro-choice but he wasn't sure his forties conscience was leaving him with much of one, himself.  It was easy to say people should have the right to do it, but could
The pool game started out good-naturedly but quickly got out of hand. It became clear that Charlotte and Derick did not like each other for some reason as Charlotte began criticising every move Derick made. Jane was awful at it. Callum was okay (about the same level as Steve). Charlotte was amazing, as expected, but she occasionally choked suddenly, which was probably down to the amount of alcohol she was consuming.
"Yes."  The soldier felt confused.  "Yes. I..." He couldn't remember.  Suddenly he felt worried. Was he allowed to be having this conversation?  "You're not authorized to be here."
That shut him up. Steve wrapped a sheet around Trickshot's shoulders and then lifted him up in his arms.
"He's already been bitten by a ton of people.  They're whoring him out," said Tony. "You don't have to break the gland or anything, just pretend.  Oh! And just so you know, he looks like Steve."
to 'deal' with it. It's no one's business...I hate that we have to," Steve whispered, eyes fluttering shut. He just focused on breathing for a brief moment, the feeling of Tony's hands hot against his waist.  "I just want to be myself. For once. I don't want to be asked questions by stupid men in skinny ties and fake glasses. I just...I just want to say what I want to say," he sighed.
Natasha held up his face plate.  "You're not going to be able to hit me without your targeting system."
Granted, they could have been anywhere and Tony would've said that.  Even if they weren't in a HYDRA base and about to be attacked, Tony still would have said it wasn't the time, because he didn't like talking about his emotions, and didn't think there ever really was "a time."  And he sure as hell didn't want to hear Steve talk about his feelings, either. When he and Steve were alone and Steve was calm, he was reassuring, sure. But in the heat of battle, Steve's emotions were more complex.  His statement earlier, about HYDRA taking those he loved... Tony knew who Steve was talking about.
Bucky stopped dead in his tracks and his head tilted when the speakers came on.  His eyes were turning glassy.
"No.  It's too late for that now.  About eighty years too late.  And even if I was willing to let you touch me, which I'm not, you aren't in a state of mind even capable of consenting right now. And there are cameras watching us. And we're locked in a cage," Steve pointed out calmly, backing away against the wall; it made easier to stand and it felt safer to put some distance between them. He swallowed back his tears. It was so hard to see and hear Bucky like this, reaching for him and asking for him.
Steve's breath hitched a little when he saw him. It was unsettling to see Tony look...unsure of himself. He was supposed to be the confident one. Steve swallowed, his gaze flitting to the floor nervously. He rubbed his hands together. "I... I was upset and I walked out and I shouldn't have and I'm sorry. But I got him to Fury. He'll be safe with them, they're-- they're putting him into cryo." Steve couldn't hide how his voice broke a little. "Nothing happened. He hugged me. That was it." He didn't add that Tony would have probably felt it if Steve had had sex with Bucky. He knew what it felt like when your mate slept with someone else- it was the strangest feeling in the world.
being a pair of Steve's discard boxers.) and she had given up, content to watch him scurry around arranging things to his liking.
"We both know if I made these, they would suck," said Tony, looking down at them.  "Pepper made them.  ...only the finest for you, Steve."  He walked over and placed the tray in front of Steve, nudging a glass of orange juice toward him.  "I did, however, pour this for you all by myself."  He paused.  "There's a huge mess in the kitchen.  Apparently I opened it wrong.  But hey!  Progress!"  He offered Steve a hopeful smile.
"Ours wasn't really on purpose," said Tony.  He wasn't sure how to respond because he knew how they'd been arranged... how Banksy had been forced.
Steve dressed plainly in black dress pants and a crisp white shirt, not wanting to look too formal in a party atmosphere. He knew Tony was already drinking too much but was also mostly powerless to stop him. It was the guy’s birthday, after all.
He pulled a face in the mirror, sticking out his tongue in concentration as he tried to fix his hair. "Can you get this right? I don't know what it's trying to do today..."
Before Steve knew what was really happening he was being pushed down into a chair and a woman was fiddling with his hair and tutting to herself.
Steve, Pepper, and Aria were in the living room, the girls on their phones and tablets, a laptop on the coffee table between them.  Steve's hair looked damp and he smelled like sea-salt; Tony's heart warmed a little at the sight of him.
The music changed suddenly and abruptly.  "This one goes out to Steve Rogers... straight from 1939... Glenn Miller!"
The corner of Tony's mouth twitched.  "You got it, Cap," he said quietly, with a sarcastic little two-fingered salute.
Steve whined loudly when Tony pressed behind his other ear too and the sensation impossibly intensified. And then Tony called him a
He had already grabbed a towel, mind still churning, trying to recover the previous night's memories.  He knew he'd gotten plenty of facts of interest but he could not remember a single one. The things that stood out were how
Tony ran his thumb over Steve's knuckles.  He could think of about a million questions to ask about omegas and heats and suppressants and Steve's well-being, but he felt he'd already embarrassed himself enough by asking whether or not Steve could impregnate himself.
Steve traced a finger down the swell of Bucky's palm. He was familiar with these hands, and they hadn't changed. Steve could almost kid himself that Bucky's hands were rough from just working on the dockyard.
He'd missed drawing him, he realised with an ache in his chest. Steve had drawn a lot of nudes of Tony in the past seven months. He'd gotten to know the curves of his thighs and the bumps of his hips and the taught skin of his stomach well. Steve had missed just waking up early and doing sketches of a peaceful and serene-looking Tony as he slept well into the afternoon, having stayed up late the night before working on one of his suits.
The bite was sore again. Raw and fresh, sensitive and scarred skin stinging weakly at Tony's touch. Steve liked it. It took him a moment to process Tony's words. He found himself oddly distracted. "Black licorice...I dunno. It's alright I guess. I don't hate it, I enjoy eating it... but there's better licorice out there. Like raspberry. I
Unlike Richard's audience, this one was made up of Alphas who were clearly hostile toward Tony.  There were chairs taking up three-fourths of the room, but then, in the back, there was a corner devoid of chairs, and there were several omegas sitting here.  Tony's stomach turned a little. Was Steve expected to sit here with these other sad-looking omegas?
"I'm going to fuck Captain America," murmured Tony softly, leaning down to nuzzle his neck.  He reached around Steve to pull down his shorts, only just enough to let his cock spring out and to reveal his ass.  Tony slid his shaft between Steve's legs; Steve left a trail of slick on his member. Tony laid his head on Steve's back, rubbing himself between Steve's legs teasingly, arms wrapping around his waist.  "Captain fucking America. Oh my God,” said Tony. He let out a breathy laugh and let go of Steve, briefly, with one hand, just to move aside the cloth from his neck, to reveal his mark.
"--have to follow through on those threats.  Same as a child, really. You set the expectation beforehand, and then follow through.  Hence why I call my techniques Discipline in the Home and not Discipline in the Super Market.  A fully trained omega will see their home as a sanctuary; it's up to you to maintain the expectations and laws of that domain--"
Steve sighed. "Look, I don't care. Which recent trauma are we even talking about? The scar on my neck, or putting him in a freezer?"  He couldn't bring himself to say Bucky's name.
Clint looked to Natasha; she gave the slightest shake of her head.  She could read people like books and it was obvious to her that Tony's overly cruel remarks were a result of hurt, not maliciousness.  The way his eyes kept sliding over to Steve with an expression of longing and grief told her everything she needed to know.  The guy was clearly smitten.
because in the forites they'd just had plain soap. And they were still making their way through all of it.
"I can't wait," Steve said and smiled in return, but it didn't quite meet his eyes. He stood and leant down to kiss her cheek and say goodnight before he pulled away. He grabbed his rucksack on his way out and pulled the hood of his coat up against the London wind as he stepped outside.
"Yeah. And properly this time," Steve murmured. He had a steely sort of look in his eyes, one that Tony had seen many a time before. "I'm not really in the mood to be polite about it anymore."
The subject of the tesseract hadn't come up lately, for which he was thankful.  But Clint was still absent, conspicuously so. He texted Steve once in a while, but that was it.  No one had seen him since June. Tony thought Natasha must be going crazy, but she seemed perfectly content.  As if Clint weren't in danger. Then again, maybe he wasn't. Maybe guarding the tesseract was the safest assignment in the world, and Natasha's ease came from knowing that Clint wasn't running around shoot arrows at men with guns.
be. Steve was an omega who was his own person; he was unpredictable.  DeSoto couldn't stop him.  No one could.
He watched Steve swimming, begrudgingly appreciating the omega's naked body even though he resented Steve.   He was hoping they could just lay this to rest.  He needed his alcohol.  Maybe Steve would come to accept it, with time.  Tony didn't think his drinking habits were dangerous... yeah, okay, he drank a lot, but didn't genetics count for anything?  Howard drank like a fish and when he'd died, he'd looked remarkably healthy.  He'd looked young and well and he probably would've lived another twenty years if it weren't for the accident.
He realized that Steve was kneeling in front of him.  He stared down at the super soldier, on one knee, looking up at him.  Blue eyes through long lashes, every blond hair perfectly in place.  Their eyes met.  They were having a
Steve sighed. He thought back to the way he used to fawn over Bucky in the forties on the good days. He thought he was his world. He thought he was amazing...it was usually in pre-heats. Before the frustration kicked in Bucky used to
Even though he was only half-paying attention to the movie, he was still able to quote lengthy passages of it.  Tony had been, like most teenage boys in the eighties, obsessed with
Again, Eric ignored his question. Steve thought it was pretty disgusting either way. That really was treating someone like a dog.
Tony limped up to him and sat beside him, pressing their shoulders together, shivering.  One of the nurses wrapped a blanket around him and began trying to clean the cut on his lip.  Tony didn't take his eyes off Steve; he groped for Steve's hand, found it, and clung to him.
"A pleasure," said Tony, nodding to him in lieu of a handshake.  He moved to sit, automatically pulling out a chair for Steve. He could feel the eyes of the Dora Milaje boring into him; they seemed hyper-aware, like at any moment someone might go crazy and just start to stab the king over and over.  Tony found their attentiveness unsettling but both of the Wakandans seemed not to mind. Tony couldn't help but notice every one of the Dora Milaje were unbonded omegas, and happened to be rather desirable ones.
"...there was more than one Captain.  I think it was just a title.  I think there were like, three or four different guys who threw on the mask and picked up the shield--"
"You want to be the one to shut down a Stark party, be my guest," said Phil with a vague gesture.  "He already invited half of Hollywood."
The phone rang again but Tony ignored it, too lost in bliss to really care much about whoever was on the other line.
Tony stared at Sean as he peered into the fridge, feeling confused.  Why was Sean being so nice to him?  He had been prepared to offer the guy money, grab a bottle, and run back to Steve's place.  He hadn't expected to be invited in and poured a glass.
"No.  The other one.  Howard," he said.  He studied the picture closely.  Howard was dressed weird.  A suit, yes.  But the style was strange and unfamiliar.  And he'd only had a mustache before, not a beard.  But it was definitely him.
Tony couldn't control his smell and knew Steve could probably sense his nervousness, but he was trying to keep it under control by thinking all the non-threatening thoughts he could.  Tony's primary coping mechanism-- denial-- was in top gear.  He was grateful Steve was letting him getting a taste before SHIELD did.  If he had any Afghanistan flashbacks in front of Fury, he'd never live it down.
Typical Tony; while sneaking off to the lab to tinker with the Mark VII, he'd also been immersing himself in Russian language tapes.  The Mark VII was coming together, but slowly. Tony hadn't yet given up on the idea of having a self-assembling, non-gantry suit that would come to him, but the problem was that having heavy flying pieces of metal come at him at high velocities was not ideal, to say the least.  Also, getting the plate tabs to lock together properly on a moving subject without stabilization gantry surrounding them was proving to be a tricky technical challenge.
"Clint needs our help. Steve needs medical attention. We take the risk," Natasha snapped and Sam just nodded, getting a better grip on Steve before they made to go.
.  You know how close you came?  Huh? Your fist was about two inches from my head, Steve.  And don't try to say,
"Just calm down," Steve said gently. He curled his arms around Tony and tugged him against him, peppering kisses along his jaw before nosing at his neck in a calming gesture. "It's okay Tony. I promise." With the pads of his thumbs he brushed away all possible threat of tears. "You make me feel different, too."  He nudged their noses together. "I never thought I would kneel for anyone. I never thought I would even have sex with an Alpha, that I'd ever want to," Steve admitted softly. "But you changed everything and after my heat I couldn't ignore it anymore.  It's the scent-mate thing."
Steve was getting hot all over as Tony played with him, teased at him...he was getting wet down there again. He shifted closer and gasped as he felt the head of Tony's cock nudge against his entrance. Steve leaned in, their mouths almost touching and noses dragging together. He sucked in a breath as he lined himself up.
Tony supposed he could spend Steve's entire heat in his suit or maybe go hang out on his yacht, but he didn't want Steve to have to suffer through it alone, and that's what this was: suffering.  Tony had no idea heats were like this. Sure, he knew they were uncomfortable and omegas who didn't take suppressants took off work, but he'd always thought of it like a woman's period or a migraine headache, maybe.  Not like this.
When Tony clung to him he simply wound an arm around his shoulders and let his other hand run through the other's wet hair. Steve sighed gently and rested his head atop of Tony's briefly, letting his eyes slip shut as he savoured the moment. He could fell Tony's own sorrow in his chest and wished he could get rid of it for him.
"Steve.  Promise me not to do anything reckless.  That's all I ask.  If a person gets into your head... they can do a lot of damage," said Natasha softly.  But she let him go.  Natasha knew that, in Steve's position, she would probably not want to tell anyone, either.  She followed him to the bar, where Tony was regaling Sam with tales from the last week.
Pepper got up.  She didn't like the way Tony was acting, which was... normal and responsible.  "What about Steve?"
He went back to fishing for his olive, which was scuttling around the bottom of the glass, unwilling to be captured.
"Who, the guy on the train?" asked Tony, perched on the end of the couch.  Natasha had led them to a nice room, cozy, quaint... Tony made a mental note that he should treat her
"For the water," clarified Steve.  He hesitated, unsure of how to proceed. The situation felt so very delicate. But Steve wanted to get out of here. He did not want to be
"...if you want, we can leave," added Sam softly.  "We," of course, referring to him and Natasha, the Alphas.
When Christmas morning dawned, there were more than a dozen stockings hung on the mantle: Tony, Steve, Donner, Granite, JARVIS (Tony was insistent on this; inexplicably, he'd filled the stocking with batteries), Aria and Pepper, George and Banksy.  Pepper had gone home on Christmas Eve, as had George, to spend the day with his kids. Banksy, however, spent half the day with them before leaving to have dinner with his stepson, and Donner and Granite stayed the whole day. (Tony was less than thrilled.  Granite needed three diaper changes in an six-hour period and also cried no less than seven times. It didn't escape his notice that Steve held her several times with a look of gooey omega maternalism in his eyes.)
Steve grabbed towels before he headed outside to find Tony still in the pool. "Are you ready to come out yet?"
He threw on jeans and a t-shirt, not wanting to wander around the house in a dressing gown while Ty was about.  He wanted to apologize, to
"I'm sorry if I seemed like I was snapping at you earlier.  You're doing fine.  I know he's difficult.  Maybe once he gets some fresh air, he'll calm--" She stopped and all then color drained from her face.  On the television, Tony was grinning in front of several microphones, wearing a racing jacket emblazoned with his name.  "I mean, what's the point of owning a racecar if you don't drive it?  I doubt it's as fast as the suit, but..." Tony was saying.
Clint pulled back. "I'm so sorry I got you guys into this mess," Steve said, loudly.  He didn't know how to sign anything.
"Sure, why not?" said Tony as she pulled out her phone.  "Oh, good, a selfie, I love selfies... say world peace..."
"I had my first heat just over a month ago. I never cycled properly before the serum, so...I don't know what's normal for me," Steve admitted.  "So is my thing dilated?  Is it bad?"
"Uh..."  Tony racked his brain.  He had never stayed on top of status issues; after all, they only really affected omegas, not Alphas.  "...I don't think he's really too involved with it.  I mean... now that you guys can, y'know, vote and go to college and stuff... well... no one really thinks about it.  I mean... I mean, y'know, whenever there's like a big news story, whenever there's a hate crime, he probably gives a statement or something..."
"He's never going to forgive me," Steve whispered. It didn't matter if Tiberius understood him, not really. It just felt good to say it.
Tony laughed breathlessly.  "J-JARVIS... start a timer..." he demanded languidly, throwing his head back and closing his eyes, feeling his cock twitch inside the tight, silky contours of Steve's throat.  He was pretty sure Steve would last longer than him, not because of Steve's breath-holding ability, but because being deep-throated by Captain America was pushing Tony to the edge, and knotting someone's throat was so deliciously perverse and felt so wickedly good that there was no way he was going to last long.  At the very base of his cock he could feel Steve's tongue; he gritted his teeth, wanting to win this weird little contest, but also desperate to cum.
Clint moved back to Steve's side, wiping at his neck gently.  It was bleeding intermittently. Natasha and Sam were looking away with some degree of modesty.  The back of an omega's neck was something of a private matter.
Steve tore away the paper.  Instead was a box that had once held a desk lamp and been re-purposed. He tore it open and out fell a floppy, long-eared, incredibly worn brown bunny.  The eyes were made up of a pair of mismatched buttons and the fur on the ears had been loved off.
Tony's shoulders sagged a little, and he gave Steve a glare.  "I was just about to win," he grumbled. "...that guy thinks he's so dominant... I'll show
"What happened to Trickshot anyway?" Steve asked and tried not to roll his eyes at how ridiculous all these goddamn names were.
Tony's voice got soft.  "I don't talk about what he did to me.  But it..." He gestured vaguely to his neck, then reached between the seats to find Steve's hand.
Tina was a middle aged woman dressed in a suit that probably fit her better a few years ago. Her features were soft but her eyes steely. "I think he has a platform to speak from that no other omega does. I think he proved the stereotype is wrong and that I think his disappointment in how far we've come in 70 years puts us to shame. I think that with Captain America now we finally have a real chance at equality."
The memory of Bucky falling from the train became distant, regulated to the backwaters of his subconscious, coming up only late at night, in dreams.
In the farmhouse, Clint and Natasha were transformed.  They were no longer deadly assassins with glocks tucked into their boots and knives in the smalls of their backs.  Natasha was warm, hugging Lila on her lap, and Clint was a typical dad, complete with cheesy jokes. Most remarkably, Clint's interaction with the two women was domestically balanced.  He and Laura shared touches, glances, smiles. But Steve also caught Natasha touching the back of Clint's neck and nosing him in passing. Natasha and Laura got along like they were old friends, and the truth is, they probably were; judging by the family pictures, Natasha, Clint, and Laura had carved out their relationship at least nine years ago.
? He swallowed thickly, nervously, gaze still darting around like a cornered fox's. He was still shaking a little.  Was it a flashback?  If so, it was not like one he'd ever experienced before.  And the flashback, or vision, or hallucination, or whatever it was, was already fading; Steve felt frustrated at his own poor memory of what had gone on. The Winter Soldier standing on the other side of the glass had looked so
The worst part was that Tony didn't feel at all surprised.  He'd always had a vague suspicion he wasn't
Tony finished pouring himself his drink and, leaving the orange juice and vodka on the counter, walked over to Steve to watch him eat.  He reached up and touched the back of Steve's neck, lightly.
"He has no regard for himself," Steve agreed. "He's fine with being the second or third choice, so long as he's a choice. But I think he'd put that baby before Gideon if he had the choice presented to him, I really do."
"No. No break. Let's just get this over and done with. It'll be easier after a while," Steve said. He didn't like how formal it was. Lydia and Kitty were so serious and professional, and yes they were good at their jobs...or Steve was sure they were, but they weren't exactly making him feel more at ease either. It was so normal to them. Steve couldn't comprehend it.
The shell hit a scaffold that was holding up several stage lights; the whole thing came down in a shower of sparks and groaning, crumpling metal.
than enough," snarled Tony.  "Do we have to do this here?  Can't we go back to my place?  ...I think I only tore apart one room.  ...I'm not working without alcohol and maybe a pizza.  Barton, order me a pizza."
"No.  I can't.  I can't breathe.  I'm dying," reported Tony in a rush.  "I think I'm dying. It's my heart. Get Yinsen.  I'm definitely dying."
The sandwich was cheese and ham. Steve picked it up then pulled a face it before biting off a corner. It felt strange to eat after so long without. He kept the bites small, not wanting to make himself sick.
"I'm not letting you drink on set, if that's what you're asking.  Are you wearing that hat or not, Stark?"
"Definitely not in heat," Steve mumbled, his neck still throbbing. He watched Gleason push it into the sink and grimaced at the sound it made.
"The bottom of the totem pole, that's actually the best place on the pole," repeated Laura, much louder, signing.
"Every year we go through this, Tony," said Pepper, pinching her nose.  "It's none of your business and you have nothing to feel threatened by. I'll be back from Hartford on the twenty-eighth, okay?  You're going to have a great Christmas."
"...Pietro," she said, softly, a hint of panic in her voice.  "...I need to see you in the bathroom.
Also, I would like to pre-emptively say to everyone who comments about Tony being a dick in this chapter: yes.  He is a dick.  A huge, immature dick who is honestly not really emotionally capable of dealing with an Alpha/omega bond.  If you haven't picked up on that yet, hopefully by now it's clear.  And I know I keep saying it, but I swear, he does mature.  Somewhat.  For him, anyway.
was that, Coulson? Why did you--" shouted Tony, wringing out his clothes, furious.  He looked up at the three faces peering down at him.  Natasha had a small little mysterious smile on her face, and Tony didn't like it at all.  "Okay!  That's it!  Show's over!  I did it, I synthesized a new element, now get out!  All of you!  I told you, I don't wanna be an Avenger, it's stupid, Iron Man is a solo act and always will be!  Scram!"
Pepper reached over and put a firm hand on Aria's knee.  She didn't like Sitwell either, but she didn't want Aria to explode.  Part of what they were here for was damage control.
Lydia smiled politely.  "...all collars lock," she said.  It was clear she thought Steve was a bit dim for not knowing this, but she was maintaining a certain degree of professionalism.
Tony huffed indignantly.  Steve couldn't know his reputation for drinking.  Tony showed up to conferences all the time, got plastered, and still gave wildly intelligent lectures on circuits and aerospace.  He was the whiz kid!  Also, how bad did it look for an omega to be ordering him around?
sexy. Steve was not a naturally seductive or smooth person; he was clumsy and awkward. If he wasn't on the battlefield then he didn't know where he was going. He honestly couldn't really imagine what Clint did to 'stroke Natasha's ego' but he didn't think he really wanted to know either.
." Pepper urged. It didn't help that Steve was Tony's type to a T-- blonde and fiery and with a sharp dress sense. God. Keeping them apart would be hell. How many hours was this flight?
It wasn't just that Steve would be embarrassed if people knew. It was more that he was worried that it would make omegas like Christine hate Tony even more. They would probably accuse him of oppressing Steve or some shit.
JARVIS dimmed the lights and opened the paneled wall to pull out the flatscreen.  Tony cuddled up to Steve. "...I had a nightmare that Vin Diesel also turned out to be an omega and that literally every Alpha I ever idolized was actually an omega.  That was months and months ago, when I first found out about you," said Tony after a moment. He looked over at Steve. "...hey, Steve? Before we start the movie... you said I could... take?  Do you mind? If I...?"
"I'd love to come tour it sometime, considering I'm the one who drafted half the designs," said Tony.
first drink was a Bud Light.  That's a bit more typical, eh?  ...how bout you, Stark?" asked George.
, was Steve's first childish thought as he watched Fury glide around his apartment comfortably. Sure, it was mostly bare now but it was still
He set Tony down on the bed, being mindful of his sore ankle, before he moved to lay down next to him. Tony seemed a little distracted but Steve imagined that was just the mind of a creator. Now Tony wasn't dying surely he'd always be working on the next project? It was just like Steve having his time in the gym- Tony needed his time in the workshop. But he'd already got some work-time in this morning. Steve figured he could have his Alpha all to himself now.
Sitwell breezed in with a phone pressed to his ear.  "The Department of Defense is on the phone and we absolutely cannot allow this party.  Just because Tony is friends with Colonel Rhodes doesn't mean he can--"
Steve took a while to think about the question. "Yes. I mean-- probably. The sedatives might slow it down a bit, but I don't know how it works. We could ask Richard."
"MUTE!  JARVIS, please record this, this is gamma test 1 of the Mark VII self-assembling armor.  We're using a miniature model 2 palladium-core RT in the node, electromagnetic lures on a low frequency, uh, what, 300 Hertz... ready when you are, Jarv."
The two retreated back upstairs to change and Aria shot Pepper an awkward sideways look. "I think he's giving Sam Wilson his shield. He's been talking about it. I don't think he thinks he deserves it anymore, or whatever. Besides, he can't even use it now anyway I guess..."
"This is actually one of the best birthdays I've ever had," he said to Steve.  Steve was sitting next to him, also with cucumbers over his eyes. They were holding hands.  Steve had been informed he didn't really need a face mask ("Your skin is already so youthful!") but Tony had insisted just because he liked seeing Steve treated.
"We're still got a long way to go," said Danielle gravely.  Her eyes narrowed. "...is that guy over there from
them."  He reached up and rubbed the back of his neck in the same way Steve often saw Tony do when he was stressed out.
Bucky stood around in the exhibit for another twenty minutes before he went to find Cece.  Someone mistook him for a wax statue of "POW Bucky" and then apologized profusely when they realized he was alive.
Alpha, Steve's Alpha, which carried with it a sort of respectfulness that made Tony feel like a big man.
"I didn't even remember that until you mentioned it just now," Steve assured him and leaned into Tony's side, their shoulders pressed together. It felt like they were on the outside, looking in, the crowd of Alphas chatting away and entirely oblivious to them. "Even if you can't fire him, at least you ruined his dumb weekend," he pointed out.
lose. This is it. It's over-" griped Tony, managing to rip the whip off of him and get up.  Vanko was lying on the ground, chest sparking, and the drones around them were lifeless, their chests blinking red- on stand-by, maybe?  He let out a shaky sigh and turned.
"Yep... yep, that's what that feels like..." agreed Tony, spitting, trying to get the salty bitterness off his tongue.  He felt slightly queasy (a good part of that was probably a lot of drinking on an empty stomach) and he was trying not to throw up because he had an idea that puking immediately after sucking Steve off would ruin the memory for Steve.
"Yeah, no pressure," said Tony, chuckling softly.  He kissed the top of Steve's head.  "By all rights I should be freaking out about this, but, uh... I don't know.  Ever since we mated, I can't... I can't really feel that stuff.  It's weird, right?  Nothing can touch me.  How long do you think this high lasts?  I don't know a damn thing about bonding.  What, one or two weeks?  ...gross. Can you imagine Clint and Natasha when they were all lovey-dovey?"
"Oh.  Right," said Tony.  "...you see what I mean, Steve?  It's too early to think straight."  He pulled the soldier toward him.  "...Maybe we should just go back to bed..." he murmured suggestively, pressing their bodies together, nipping at Steve's jaw.
"I gave you extra sausages and bacon and eggs...and everything," Aria told Steve as she pushed a plate towards him with a tired smile. "You certainly look better. Both of you. Oh! Pills."
Steve, Eric, and Piper were off to the side; Piper was glowing.  Eric was looking through one of the programs and sipping a cocktail.  Steve looked murderous, and Tony didn't blame him.
Tony had two lodges, one in California and one in Colorado that was virtually never used.  His California one was used once a year; the Colorado one had been inherited and he'd kept it for sentimental reasons, even though he hadn't been there since 1984.
"Lila, we don't throw food, no matter how funny it is," said Clint.  He looked over at Steve. "Let me tell you, man, having a two-year-old makes the whole secret agent gig seem easy.  So what did Malick want? I'm guessing he wants the status rights crusade to end, huh?"
Steve's jaw tightened a little.  He made himself say the words.  His voice was steady.  "I miscarried."
"I am JARVIS, Mr. Stark's automated personal assistant.  Please be aware that your unauthorized entry to Mr. Stark's private residence has forced me to alert the authorities, and that further actions may be taken to ensure Mr. Stark's safety, pursuant to California Penal Code Section 198.5."
"I knew you'd feel responsible, because it was just after I left you. That's why I didn't tell you," Steve said and Peggy lightly tapped his arm.
"But your mom didn't want you to have an arranged bonding?" Pepper asked, straightening up after leaving ice outside of the den again.
"Do I look I'm with SHIELD? I could have called them, but I didn't. I called HYDRA. Because I don't need them as my crutch anymore," Steve said, words even and calm. "I can make my own justice." He could hear the echo of steps on the stairwell below. He heard the creek of a door handle. One of Steve's hands moved to his waist.
"No.  No hmming."  Pepper walked around to Tony's side of the bed, and Steve saw she was carrying a stack of binders easily eight inches thick.  "I know this is probably a lousy time, but I need the two of you to sign a bunch of documents. Mostly debriefings for intelligence agencies for Yemen.  I drafted more than half of them myself. Luckily I'm also a notary public so we can just take care of this right now. Blue tabs are Tony's signature, green tabs are Tony's initials, red tabs are Steve's signature, yellow tabs are Steve's initials, purple tabs are items I'd like you to specifically review for yourself, and orange and pink are areas subject to revisions at a later date so please pay attention.  Orange was previously revised and pink is
But, Pepper aside, there were a lot of others.  The occasional SHIELD agent, and Dr. Gleason, and Sam.  The first time Tony had run into Sam, he and Steve were going for an early morning jog.  It was 5:30 in the morning and Tony was coming up from the shop, getting ready for bed; he had been scruffy and covered in engine grease and more than a few shots of liquor in, and he'd managed to overturn one of their many orchids trying to scramble up the stairs unnoticed.  It wasn't that Tony wasn't an extrovert-- he was and always had been-- it was just that his home was a sacred place that he preferred to keep to himself, and ever since Steve had moved it, it seemed a lot less private.
"You need to get your squirrel suit on," Steve told Tony, the edge of his lips hinting up in a smile but he couldn't quite manage a proper one. There had been too many revelations for one day. Steve felt like he needed to sit down for... a while.
Stark was lying with his back against a crate, head in his hands.  Or at least, the suit was. Inside it was Stark, and this was a problem, because they couldn't kill him while he was locked in the armor.
He cracked open an eye to watch Steve's reaction to his orgasm.  The expression on his face was one of ecstasy.
"Aw, good for him," said Mackenzie, pulling a breakfast sandwich out of the bag and beginning to unwrap it.
When they arrived at the gala cameras were flashing from every direction, something Steve was used to now.
"We should mention it to him when we get back. Might be better explained in person," Steve said, popping a few more slices into his mouth. He was worried about them coming across as insensitive, especially considering that a normal heat with his mate was something Ty could never have.
Steve's fingers flexed under hers affectionately. He half-smiled. "I'm okay," he breathed, not really wanting to think about new intel right now. "Maybe we should leave work talk for after New Year's, though..." he said.  Clint raised his eyebrows curiously.
He stared at the phone, feeling frozen.  Tony had said to call SHIELD.  But how could Steve trust them, after what had happened with Sitwell?  He couldn't just pass Bucky along and hope for the best.  It was
patriotic." Sam was dressed in his own tactical gear, his wings enclosed against his back and ready to spread out at a moment's notice. Natasha was in all black with an insane amount of weaponry hidden away on her person, shocks wrapped around her wrists.
Steve tried to squirm away from him. But he couldn't; he wanted to cry.  He had not been so powerless since the previous century.
"There's more," Aria said softly, a sombre look on her features as she pulled up all the negative headlines so far on her tablet. She scrolled through so Pepper could see.
"Two-twenty five," mumbled Tony, head lolling.  He looked blearily over at Pepper and smiled. "I like your freckles."
"The Winter Soldier bit you.  We were hoping you could fill us in on the details of your incarceration."
someone, other than Karpov.  He wasn't supposed to like anyone.  But Captain America's whole person... it
"Are you kidding me?  I'm doing great!" said Tony, shooting down his driveway and narrowly missing a palm tree.  "...but if it would make you feel better, go for it."
The drive home was mostly quiet; Tony was clinging to his hand with a look of forced calm, and George was half-asleep, waking only to hum softly with the radio.  Donner, as usual, had nothing to say; he sat quietly, watching Tony discreetly, as he was the only Alpha in the car.
But he loved his mate and they'd just spent a heat together.  He couldn't imagine the two of them sleeping apart.
"...Steve?" said Tony quietly.  "Can I look at the back of your neck?" He was already steeling himself for the worst possible scenario.
They arrived at breakfast and Steve started inhaling toast. A lot of people were staring because of the suit.
"Go," repeated Tony.  He snuggled down into the pillows and closed his eyes.  His hand was still throbbing uncomfortably; he was allergic to most pain-killers and hadn't treated the pain with much more than Tylenol.  But now that the bone was set, it wasn't so bad. Certainly not bad enough not to fall asleep; he passed out within minutes, exhausted from being up all night and having pieces of his suit fly at him.
The issue wasn't really getting the suit to come to him, but to not cream him when it did.  Tony built rockets; he was great at making things go from point A to point B. But now that he was point B, he didn't really want the thing in question to explode on impact.
Steve leaned forward. "If you get some sleep and sober up I'll do whatever you want, okay? I'll even wear a collar for you. But not when you're high," he repeated and then straightened up. "Don't try to join," Steve added again and shut the bathroom door behind him to try and quell the temptation.
"It's forced you don't want it," Steve said and half-rolled his eyes. He reached up to curl his fingers over Tony's hand. "I know what you want Tony. I can
Tony begrudgingly dragged it over and began slogging through it.  He blatantly lied on nearly half of the questions.  ("Do you experience recurring nightmares?"  "Do you suffer from anxiety, panic attacks, or similar anxiety-based disorders or symptoms?")  He knew SHIELD knew his past history so he tried to keep it believable while still making himself out to be a bastion of mental health.
"Steve.  Steve, talk to us, please.  Where are you?" asked Aria. "Who hates you?  No one hates you, Steve, all your friends are here with you."
"Yeah, thanks!  ...Steve, c'mon!  Clover has baby pictures."  A fourth omega had joined them and was clutching a bunch of pictures, clearly excited to show them off to Captain America.
"...he's trying his best," she said neutrally, well-aware of the media storm brewing.  They'd gone crazy when they found out Steve had been bonded and then rebonded. Now that he'd let everyone know he was force-bonded, there was sure to be an awful lot of blowback.
James's partner jumped into the fray and a moment later Tony, Pitbull, and both omegas were a mass of flailing limbs.
Vanko reached up and grabbed May's hair, yanking her free from him, throwing her to the ground.  She'd barely even hit the stage floor before she was drawing a pair of pistols and aiming for Vanko, but the bullets bounced off the core of his armor like pellets.
Tony didn't move, not quite willing to leave Steve yet.  The mention of his force-bonding had hit a nerve and Tony's desire to protect Steve was overriding most of his rational thoughts.
Steve nodded with a shudder and moved. He unbuttoned his shirt with deft fingers and then moved to pull down his boxer shorts without any shame. Tony had seen everything and made it very clear that he liked it. The unwavering nature of Tony's tone only made it hotter.
going back to that cave. I would tear down the world before I let that happen." Steve squeezed his hands gently. "Now, Tony, I need you to breathe with me, ok?"
Pepper and Aria were both shooing the Tony and Steve toward the door.  "Yes, well, you two can catch up after dinner, now hurry up, if you're late it's going to look really bad..."
"The world's... greatest... pair-bond," repeated Tony slowly.  His face broke into a grin.    They'd ended up giving his lip a few stitches after all, and it hurt to smile, but he couldn't help it.  "This is
Tony went into the fridge and grabbed a new carton of orange juice, fighting to open it.  "No one knows about his...?"
Donner contemplated his juice glumly.  Clearly, he didn't agree. Tony bet both he and Gideon were fans of Frond's.  Frond had pointed out that omegas, especially male omegas, were only designed for one thing: procreation.  She also pointed out that the disgust males of other statuses felt toward them was natural. They were an evolutionary glitch; seeing a man pregnant was weird.  Male omegas were best kept in the house, away from other people's judgements, to be pampered and kept safe by their Alphas... like they were fragile, ugly, purebred dogs or something.
stuff. They hadn't done enough of that lately. The rage Steve had felt the night before had quelled somewhat, especially after a quick phone call from George which assured him that everything was going okay back at his. And he liked preparing for speeches; it made him excited. Learning the lines for SNL was harder though, for some reason. Steve found it hard to be funny on cue, although he had a whole day with the cast and he would have time to practice and get things wrong/right. He was still nervous. After all, it was
to be held, that there was some sort of weird distance between them and that there had been for a while.
hurt- they said it wasn't broken. I bend stuff the wrong way all the time in the suit and I'm always fine.  Y'know they call me the
Tony's hackles rose automatically.  "Oh." He abandoned the orange juice and threw back the bottle of vodka.
," he replied, cocking an eyebrow.  He grabbed a passing omega with his unoccupied hand.  "Hey, can I get a martini.  Four martinis.  Get this guy some appetizers too, will ya?"
The door was opened a crack and then quickly slammed shut but Steve didn't even notice. He didn't even care that someone had almost walked in. All that mattered was that was Tony inside of him, claiming him...exactly where he was supposed to be.
Donner lapsed back into silence as the car pulled up to the front of the house.  The lights were all on and the orange warmth radiating from the smooth white lines of the house's facade was inviting.
Pepper wasn't sure what to say.  She agreed with all of it. She knew, perfectly well, how delicate the balance was, what a fragile place Steve's reputation was in.  And she wanted the charity to work out just as much as Aria did; she'd always been for expanding omega rights. Yet she also knew that Tony was so incredibly irresponsible and self-focused that depending on him was a death sentence.  Against all odds, she did like Tony, maybe because she felt sorry for him. His heart was in the right place but he lacked the basic coping mechanisms people typically developed in adolescence. And there was one thing she disagreed with: Tony wouldn't walk away unscathed if things went south.  He clicked with Steve and he couldn't afford to lose any more friends. She'd seen how he reacted when he'd first found out about Bucky. But she didn't comment on it. She reached over and patted Aria's arm.
"You're mean," Steve whispered with a fond chuckle and shook his head at the desperate crowds they left behind.  Happy ushered them into a quiet, back-alley area that was for staff only. The reporters were incensed. Steve knew his neck was a hundred percent on display right now and with all these flashes- photos of his mating bite would be all over the news tomorrow.
Gleason rubbed a hand over his face and then put on his glasses. He looked between everyone in the room, his gaze finally landing on Donner.
Pepper was having an increasingly difficult time putting up with Tony.  She cared about him, inexplicably; he was self-absorbed and immature and often downright rude, but he was also a brilliant person who cared about the company, cared about social issues (despite pretending not to), and a hell of a lot of fun.  That being said, over the last year, Tony's actions had twisted from "eccentric" to "self-destructive."  His usual neuroses and compulsions (and there were plenty) had spiraled out of control and at this point, Pepper felt that, unless he was dying, his behavior had passed the line from eccentric to inexcusable.  She had called to try to rein him in again, since it was his name on the side of her building and he was making Stark Industries look bad; she had been ready to have a firm, possibly aggressive argument.  But hearing Steve on the other line had disarmed her.  She would have been able to handle the sleepy voice of some ditzy woman half Tony's age; she was used to that.
think you would be able to behave yourself?  I don't. And would your Alpha ever allow such a thing?  ...actually, he might. He already let another Alpha take you, didn't he?"
Steve didn't think there was an angle where he wasn't exposing himself; he pulled himself out of his pants and urinated into the drain in the floor, annoyed at the idea of people watching him through their cameras.
"Okay... maybe... follow me here..." mumbled Tony, cheek pressed into the floor of the plane.  "...you know how the little sick ones don't have heats?  Maybe this is the reserve.  Maybe he's like... having a super-heat.  I mean, he's like the Captain America of omegas."
doing something when he'd written that he didn't consent right up there on the wall?  Unless what he was not consenting to was not doing something.
"I'm on my way," said Bucky, who spotted a Honda Accord coming to a stop at a nearby intersection.  "Stay right there, okay? But get somewhere safe. Don't worry. I'll be there in two shakes."
Tony was still laughing.  "...the only limit I have is my imagination, weren't you listening, Jarv?  We can make it... we can synthesize it right here, we need... this is easy, we just need to build a particle accelerator... Steve!  Steve, I found it!  ...
"Let's get him out of here, he's just torturing himself by being so close to the door," said Pepper.  Happy half-dragged, half-carried Tony away; Tony was literally clawing at the ground.  It wasn't the first time Pepper and Happy had manhandled Tony; he'd been fall-down drunk on plenty of occasions.  But he'd never been like this.  Pepper was so used to Tony being just Tony that she never thought of him as an Alpha, just like she never thought of really anyone in that sense.  But there was no denying that right now, Tony and Steve weren't in their right minds.
Steve walked for hours, maybe even days. He didn't know. He was so tired and thirsty and his limbs throbbed with every step. But he deserved this suffering, Steve reminded himself. God had given him this. When he saw a strange-looking car in the distance he cried out in relief. Maybe this was his absolution.
. Can you imagine how you'd feel if you hadn't been in the workshop for over half a year? You'd be losing it Tony. Well, I
From Rhodey's perspective, it was a little different.  True, Tony was no longer catatonic.  But unlike Pepper, as an Alpha, Rhodey could sense a lot more of Tony's general emotional state by his pheromones, and Tony was still on edge, nervous, over-protective.  He hadn't moved to get off of Steve and Rhodey doubted he would until he'd left the room.  Going out with Steve seemed like a recipe for disaster; having had their bond threatened, Tony was at a high risk of aggression.  But he didn't want to undermine Pepper.  Besides, if Pepper was at the Expo too, if she was there to keep an eye on him... she'd been keeping him in check for a decade.  What was the worst that could happen?
"Okay, guys, smile, I'm putting this on Twitter," said Tony.  For a split second he was aware of the strangeness of the picture.  Peggy looked old enough to be his mother, and he looked old enough to be Steve's father.
The Alpha spoke for his mate, putting a loving hand on her arm.  "We don't care, so long as it's healthy and an Alpha."
"Erm..." Steve stared around the room a little panickedly. Everyone was staring and everyone looked important and he was standing there, covered in blood, looking like some sort of deranged bum. It wasn't a good look. He was almost embarrassed. People weren't judging him, however; they more looked alarmed. Steve really didn't look good and he was very much aware of that.
. Steve just listened to Tony's heart beat. It was a comforting sound. He'd been scared he was going to lose him. His Alpha, his everything...Steve didn't know what he'd do. He swallowed.
"You have no idea what it's like on my end, Steve, how much it hurts to think that you're in danger, how guilty I feel.  I keep trying to remind myself that this is what you want, but... but when I smell you, my brain goes haywire.  It's like putting a fork into a toaster, you know?  I just want to lose it."  He sighed a little.
He turned around in a circle once. The darkness was pressing and consuming, suffocating even. Steve was beginning to feel dizzy. Was he still spinning or was he standing still?
"Thanks," said Tony, grabbing one and following Kerry outside.  He felt better about being around an Alpha and simultaneously felt terribly guilty for preferring Kerry's company over, say, Ian's.
Even though it was April, neither Tony nor Steve had made any particular plans for their anniversary in June, nor for Tony's birthday in May.  They'd been too busy with Steve's projects. Tony, at least, had assumed Pepper was probably on top of things. Worst case scenario, they could auction off all the orchids on eBay and still probably make a fortune.
sharper than he needed to, well, he could just blame it on lack of experience. Nothing would ever get harder than driving a tank. Steve's long artist's fingers moved over the curve of the wheel easily. He felt more at ease than he'd expected to. Maybe that was because Tony was right beside him.  Or maybe it was how much more responsive cars in 2010 were t han they had been in 1945.
"...I think you did the right thing and I'm 100% on your side..." Natasha continued on the other line.  "...but you can't burn bridges with the agency, Steve, SHIELD needs you, right now they're all doing damage control, but I talked to Fury myself and I think he's willing to work with you--"
"I didn't do something to upset you, did I?" Steve asked with feigned casualness as he moved to make her coffee.  "If I did, I genuinely didn't mean to..."
Steve shivered a little as the pads of Tony's fingers danced over the mark. His skin technically should have healed it over it, but it hadn't. It was almost like a form of acceptance that went beyond the subconscious to the physical.
"Sam," Natasha put a hand on his arm. "Not now. Let's find Steve then you can fight later. If the Winter Soldier isn't being violent, that can only be a good thing," she pointed out and Phil hummed.
He wrapped his arms around Steve's waist and rested his head on Steve's chest, listening to the slow thump of his heart.  Tony closed his eyes and sighed a little. Steve's arms sometimes felt like the safest place in the world.
"We didn't have internet," said one of the kids, who clearly thought this was a violation of his basic human rights.
Tony abhorred doctors of all types and did everything in his power to stay away from them.  He didn't like being examined. Since his return from Afghanistan, he hadn't seen a single one, unless you counted the dentist.  He didn't want them prodding the arc reactor.
He blinked rapidly, embarrassed.  Surely his body would get its shit together eventually, stop reacting so strangely.
Tony looked so forlorn something tugged in Steve's gut. He moved forward in an instant. "Hey," he whispered and moved to cup Tony's face, tilting his head up so their eyes could meet. "I'll always be yours," he whispered against his lips. "And what we have can only make us stronger." The look in his eyes proved he meant it. "But I know it goes against your nature to follow me. I know that won't be easy for you, maybe a little embarrassing...but it shouldn't be. If my status doesn't matter then no one else's does."
The evening was a quiet, gentle one, one that Tony hadn't realized he needed.  There was a string quartet and a massive ice sculpture, all the trappings of a life Tony had been used to before Afghanistan, before Iron Man, before SHIELD and Steve.
Before, he'd simply bitten, sharp and hard, instinctually, and his teeth had always found the mark perfectly.  The second his mouth was over Steve's neck, though, he felt nothing but a sort of painful confusion, because the scar was no longer fitted to his teeth at all.
Tony shift Steve in his arms and held up a hand, firing off a shot.  It glanced off the shield and hit the wall of the hangar they were in.
The people on the TV were ignored. It was all about Tony now. Steve had no words. No, he didn't need an Alpha but that didn't mean he couldn't want one. This said it all.
"There is a message from you from Dr. David David Gleason, Captain," JARVIS informed Steve.  "He describes it as urgent, but personal in nature. It is with regards to Mr. Malick's health.  Due to HIPAA regulations, he cannot give you the message without Mr. Malick's presence and consent."
"What, like bugging my apartment was?" Steve asked with such a sweet smile it was almost unnerving. Phil bit back a sigh.  He didn't seem phased.  Just tired.
The way Tony undressed him and looked over him and explored him with every touch...it made Steve feel precious. It almost made him feel breakable, in a way. Something he hadn't felt in a very long time. The drag of those dark eyes and engineer's hands over his body made him shiver and squirm under the scrutiny - though it was very,
It seemed like an obvious choice, actually, for the two of them to be on a show with such a rich history.  There was probably a bunch more of it in the file Pepper had dumped on his desk but Tony felt like, having seen the show, he didn't have much to brush up on.
likely to happen to you if you walk out of here right now and don't go stand up on that stage in a few hours!  I refused to be sold and I went to college; I took out loans, I worked my ass off, and I bonded to an Alpha I actually
"...W-Who?" His voice was raw. Steve sat up a little so he could drink the water Ty gave him greedily. He let out a shaky breath.
Tony's breath hitched a little when Steve gripped his shoulders and slowly sat on his cock.  Steve was a slippery mess but still a satisfyingly tight fit. He reached out and put his hands on Steve's hips, arching automatically when Steve squeezed himself down onto the knot.  Slowly, delicately, Steve began moving on top of him; despite Steve's size, he was always surprisingly self-aware in bed. Tony wasn't sure whether that was on purpose or not. But Steve had never handled him roughly... though when it came to being fucked, Steve loved it rough and could take it like no other.
"Apologies don't count if you're forced to make them. They have to come from the heart," Steve said, recalling something his mother had once said. His hands eased by his sides. "And you have to be sorry to make them sincere."
Tony was getting that weird, faraway look Pepper knew meant he was on the cusp of a flashback.  Her expression of annoyance had turned to one of concern.
One of the drawbacks to bonding was an inability to hide feelings.  No doubt Steve could sense and smell exactly how he felt, which was a lot less confident than he would have liked.  Tony relied heavily on bravado and swagger as a defense mechanism, but with Steve, it was impossible. The truth was, Tony was nervous about mating again.  He and Nadine had had a brief talk. Tony wasn't thrilled with the idea of talking sex with a total stranger, but Nadine had mentioned that a lot of Alphas had trouble because the necks of their omega felt unfamiliar.  "It's normal," she said. "You get used to it."
He knew Steve's history.  Hell, it was on display in museums.  He knew that, before the serum, Steve had been small and sick and weak, and he didn't want him to be any of those things.  Just small
The waiter looked conflicted but, unused to asserting himself against Alphas, nodded and disappeared.
"Hey, Eddie, Pete, good to see you, here's the Captain himself, this is my girl Patty, someone get me a scotch, I'm starving..." one of the Alphas was saying, shaking hands furiously with the other men.
!" Phil snapped, his voice wet. "This isn't a war. This is real life! And you can't play this game. I need to hear you say it. Tell me you won't tell them. I need you to say it.
Tony snorted softly, remembering the poster he'd had of Captain America, how he'd longed to be a tough, dominant Alpha like the man in the poster.  Oh, irony.  The look of bliss on Steve's face was nothing like the stern, patriotic expression of Poster-Steve.  Tony wondered if his father had ever considered telling him.
He was protesting the exercise thing because, oh God.  Oh God, no.  Steve was going to go into heat and then what?  Steve's heat on the plane, Tony remembered that all too well.  There was no way they'd be able to pause long enough to slap on a condom; Tony didn't even remember to wear one now, when they
His hands were behind Tony's head, gripping the headboard to brace himself, to fuck Tony harder, to force the knot in over and over and--
Steve knelt down on the floor next to Banksy and tugged him against his chest. Banksy moved easily, too caught up in his own sorrow to be aware of little else. His head tucked under Steve's chin just right. Within minutes his shirt was wet with the other's tears but he didn't care. Banksy's sadness was palpable. Gently, Steve rocked him forwards and backwards whilst he cried.
"I get I can't understand your Alpha problems properly. Just like you can't understand all of mine...but even if I don't understand, I can still listen, you know? Sometimes it just helps to say things out loud. Just because I can't fix your problems doesn't mean you have to be alone with them," Steve said quietly, his blue eyes remaining fixed back onTony's face.
Steve hated her getting old. It made him feel selfish for still being so young, even if he couldn't help it.
Pepper crouched by Steve and took his hand.  His skin was hot and wet; she began gently wrapping it.  Steve was mostly limp, letting her move him. He looked miserable and frustrated, like a child who thinks he's being unfairly accused but lacks the words to explain.
omega.  He could practically already hear Natasha laughing at him.  Talk about being castrated.  He'd wanted to correct Steve the moment he had said it, earlier, in the bathroom, but then Steve had been kissing him and Tony's mind had gone blank.  That sweet tongue, those soft lips... Steve had a remarkable ability to shut him up.
. Steve's body trembled with pleasure, his insides singing as he sank down and rose up over Tony. Slowly, he moved his hands to grip the edge of the tub behind Tony- he didn't want to hurt him and he needed to get off
Tony let out a sigh of satisfaction, rutting into Steve with short, sharp, quick thrusts.  "Yeah... oh, yeah..." he moaned, looking down at Steve longingly. Steve was bucking up into him, massaging the knot, tugging at Tony with his body, and it was incredibly satisfying to see Steve-- no,
"Will do!" Ian assured them. "Have a good one Steve-o." Apparently his wheat fix was enough to seriously improve Ian's mood.
"I still don't remember it happening. I've tried to, but I don't," Steve said in a whisper, head still bowed. He almost felt guilty for it...like he owed Tony the truth. But he didn't even know it himself. Did Steve encourage Bucky? Did he give him permission? He was shaking a little; his hands were clammy.  "Least it isn't messed up, I guess," Steve said and before he knew it he was leaning back against Tony, his head against the curve of his shoulder. He felt like he was floating... like he wasn't really quite here. Tony's touch was grounding as he stared up at the ceiling. "I don't want people to see that."
"And, finally," said the announcer, a woman whose name Tony had forgotten but who Pepper had strongly recommended, "we'd like to close out the evening's festivities by announcing the tentative amount raised tonight for charity... again, all proceeds are benefiting omega education and the advancement of omega civil rights... thanks to all of you for your support and generosity.  The combined proceeds from the dinner as well as the flower sales is three point two million."
Steve curled around Tony, running a hand through his hair until he fell asleep. Least he could be here for him like this, even if he couldn't make anything better really. It didn't take him long to drift off after Tony. He dreamed of the war, of distant gunfire and explosions- but nothing that distressed him especially. It was nothing new. Steve woke up a few times in the night, but not in a cold sweat or anything like that.
Tony shook his head out a little, trying to figure out what had just happened.  Had he been daydreaming?  It was the middle of the day and he was crouched in the courtyard of a tiny villa.  The house was a pale yellow color with red roof tiles and there was jungle around them, beyond the low stone walls of the courtyard.  Bright flowers and tile mosaics were everywhere.  Tony was reminded of the scene in
So, Steve didn't really understand what was happening or what he was seeing. All he knew was that there was a loud hissing sound and a bright light and he felt the floor shivering underneath him at the power of it all. Steve sucked in a breath as the light got brighter, so bright he could barely see. It made him think of what he imagined heaven might be like (when he'd still believed in God) and they'd put him in that machine which made him the soldier he was today. In that moment Steve had been sure he was dying- and then, in an instant he'd suddenly never felt more alive.
Tony groaned loudly and dragged his hand down his face.  Steve was sitting across from him, pretending to read his SNL script, even though his eyes weren't moving across the page.
He explained to her his idea.  She listened and wasted no time in telling him what everyone else had: anything related to family planning was going to stir up controversy.
Steve was walking to his room when he heard a whistle behind him. He turned to see a man leaning against the corridor wall. He was smoking an e-cigarette; he was young and lean, like Steve (though not as fit as Steve, obviously). He had dark hair and a shadow of stubble across his jawline. He was handsome, Steve guessed, if you liked rugged Alphas.
Tiberius strode over and grabbed a blanket off the bed to wrap around him.  Not that modesty mattered much during heats, but still, it was difficult to comfort a man with a pink dildo up his ass and a very impression erection.
When they actually stepped inside it intimidating as hell. Steve barely recognised anyone. He spotted Pepper and Aria in matching dresses, the former blue and the latter turquoise. He thought it was cute. He was glad that Aria had Pepper as a sort-of role model.
Steve got Bucky to drink three full trays, even brushing back his hair with the long strands tried to stick to his mouth. He was gentle with him, kind even, despite the fact that he knew what they intended to have the Winter Soldier do to him.
The omega was dangerous, far more dangerous than the soldier had realized.  He pressed against the cell door. "Karpov!" he called desperately. "полковник Карпов!"  He clawed uselessly at the door. He wanted to be safe, he wanted to be with his Alpha, his handler.  He wanted to be away from this omega, who had hurt him just by showing him his neck.
for a second before he'd gone and kissed Angelia in front of Becky, then the latter would never of slapped him and cut holes in half his shirts.
Steve crawled into the bed and nuzzled at the side of his neck. "Tooo-nnyyyy," he murmured, drawing out his name. Then he bit down on the shell of his ear softly. "I
"You want me to...?" Steve offered softly, running a hand down Tony's arm in a way his mate knew was suggestive. He could still feel Tony's arousal against his thigh but he wasn't if, after that, he wanted to do anything about it. Steve knew that had been a big deal for Tony and he felt touched that he'd...it meant a lot that he'd been willing to do that for Steve.
How to explain to Steve that he'd been drinking for nearly thirty years, daily, and that alcohol was his go-to for joy, sorrow, boredom, anxiety, everything?  That not drinking had become painful, a shaky, sweaty, nauseous experience that Tony would much rather avoid?  He had been drunk at his party, but that had been what, three nights ago?  Since then he'd only had the one drink, and now he was being hit with withdrawal, hard.
Tony fought to untangle himself from the sheets, still groggy and panicked.  "JARVIS-- JARVIS, shut up, seriously, shut up!" he gasped, kicking the sheets away.
Tony remembered when they'd found him; he had watched the news, watching the president give his famous "Welcome back, Cap" line, and seen Steve smiling onstage, looking tall and straight-backed and muscular.  No wonder they had quickly swept him into an undercover mission; Tony had an idea that, if SHIELD had had their way, they would have kept Steve's true status a secret for as long as possible.
Suddenly his mind conjured up an image of Donner pleasantly filling out some paperwork for child support, and Gideon's rage at Donner being liberated and having his kid.  Tony accidentally snorted a little. "Sorry... sorry, sorry, I know it's not funny, I'm just... I'm just thinking about how fucking pissed off Gideon is going to be if he keeps that kid and it's his after all..."
He wanted to ask questions because that was the closest he'd ever been to an omega in heat.  Jarvis's heats were always spent locked away in Tony's father's study and he never heard a peep from the guy; he'd return within a few days looking like he just got over a terrible flu; exhausted-looking, a little slower than normal.  Tony had once poked his nose into the study the next day as a teenager, curious.  The place had reeked with desire and Tony was ashamed to feel a lot of very confusing, lustful feelings.  The only other thing he remembered was that the place had been a total mess and that he'd wondered how Howard would react.  He never found out.  He knew a lot of omegas engaged in "nesting" behavior.  He couldn't imagine people like Clint or Coulson tearing apart a room to create a trash-lined mating nest but then again, he had always viewed Jarvis as completely unflappable, up until seeing the state of Howard's study when he was fourteen.
Tony wasn't sure why but he felt compelled to have a cigarette.  He had given up smoking ever since Afghanistan.
"Oh! It's a proper yoga outfit for you, because your leggings right now can't quite cope with the stretch," Aria explained. The outfit was white and pale blues. It was thoughtful.
Steve actually believed it, which was nice. He had faith in...all this. Tony was so good with people and maybe he wasn't the best but he felt like his little speech before the shit went down at the Expo went okay, right? Even if no one reported on it.
Tony spied a bright orange sticker and perked up.  The Rubik's cube!  He snatched it off the floor and want back to playing with it.
"We should talk to Richard and Rex sometime this weekend," added Tony.  "Do you think Richard and Gleason know each other? Did you hear, he mentioned him?  Plus, Rex might know Ty, they both probably have good information for us about Pine Hills and stuff."
beginning to understand why Pepper was so fond of him.  He gave Tony a quizzical look when he asked for his hand.  “Er, yes, it’s a double espresso, Mr. Stark,” he said, then slowly put out his hand.  There was something different in Tony’s tone.  Something that made Steve not want to question him.  It was a strange, unfamiliar sensation.  One Steve was sure he’d experienced before but not for a long, long time.  “You… need help getting out of bed?” he asked, somewhat confused.
Steve-- and blew up the car right there in the parking lot.  You know Dad. He loved big, flashy displays like that. He blew that car up and he said, you know, you could send a harmless drone into a warzone and it'd come out with a payload.  That there was no such thing as a truly harmless invention because you could weaponize basically anything. Damn. My old man, he knew how to drive a point home. Ha! Drive! It's a pun.  Anyways." Tony lapsed back into silence, staring at the stones.
Banksy introduced Danielle McDavid ("head of Status Alliance and one of my best friends") and the interview glided on.  Banksy plucked off Tony's Santa hat (Tony saw Jeanette, offstage, cringe, and he knew that his hair was probably a mess) and plopped it on Boswell's head, prompting audience hysterics and a good-natured groan from Boswell, who agreed to wear it "only because it means so much to you, Tommy."
"I'll come with you!  Let me just drop off Pip.  C'mon, babe." Eric disappeared.  Tony put his fingers under his collar to scratch desperately at his neck.
"It'd be just like giving an interview by ourselves, I guess.  We'd just be shoulder-to-shoulder," said Tony, hands still running hypnotically over Steve's arms.  "They'd ask you a question, then me, then you... then probably both of us and we'd try to answer at the same time and laugh and everyone would think it was cute.  Just like any other pair-bond."  Tony placed his lips on Steve's shoulder.  Not quite a kiss.  Just a loving, possessive gesture.  "They'll probably start asking about kids soon.  They always do, when someone famous bonds.  'When are you gonna knock up your omega?'   Ask us about our
Phil put a hand on Steve's arm. "Any... last words?" He frowned as he said it. Bucky was unconscious. What good would they do?
She reached out and slapped him.  "You hypocrite! Steve's been nothing but loyal, and you... you flirt with anything that moves!  In the last twenty years you've had, what, fifteen different girlfriends--"
"Sleep?" repeated Tony, a bit disappointed.  He wasn't that tired. High, yeah, but not tired.  "...I thought you wanted me inside you." He reached between them to pull at Steve's clothes.  "Clint's boring. Why can't Clint just say whatever he needs to on the phone like a normal person?  How come you gotta go to some safehouse? Do you even know where it is? Do you want another blowjob?"
"I'm assuming you're not going into this blind, right?" Steve spoke after a few beats of silence. "I mean...Tony's right. This isn't good for anyone's mind. So I don't think you'd put me through this unless you had an end goal in sight. You're supposed to be the country's brightest and best. Come on, you must have some idea what caused it. And that's why you wanna put me back in there, right? To confirm it. You don't take unnecessary risks with your captain's brain." Steve leaned forward. "So. Tell me. What do you think is causing it?  A program glitch or something? And then,
The next a large group of monitors all flickered to life. There was a lot of different cameras, each screen encompassing a different part of the house or outside.
"Status Alliance is all about bringing back the support omegas had for each other back in your time," said Banksy.  "Because even though we've come a way... we're still not out of the woods yet."
Tony felt very slightly mad with power.  Steve Rogers, reduced to a quivering, putty-like mess beneath him: no one had ever gotten  o see this side of Captain America and Tony was delighted with it.
T'Chaka waved a hand.  "No. Any Stark missiles that cross into our lands will be taken care of by Wakanda herself, and any who use them on my people will feel the wrath of Wakandan royalty.  We do not need any Western intervention and, indeed, prefer to be left alone. We value very much our autonomy. Consider yourself absolved, Mr. Stark. Your missiles are not yours in my land.  They are only missiles and I will personally ensure those that use them are held responsible."
want a commitment because we bonded?!  I didn't sign up for that, Steve, and just because you're the new face of omega rights don't mean that you get to say what nine out of ten omegas want. I mean, there's a ton of very happy omegas out there who don't
a baby. Steve knew that.  He was consciously aware of it. But that didn't mean he would be prepared to get
Aria frowned a little.  "It's not just Alphas. That's part of why Banksy wanted to speak to you, along with Tony and Irshad Nazari... you know, the UN rep for the World Omega Rights Council.  There's plenty of omegas who have been brainwashed into believing that they need Alphas to take care of them. Steve showing himself to be stronger than that... it's not just for Alphas.  It's for all the omegas out there who didn't know they could exist without Alphas."
"Please," Steve nodded. He handed it to Kate. She jabbed the needle into his leg and squeezed down. "-dinner with the president."
"She's just been ignoring my texts, that's all," Steve murmured. They would talk quite a bit, usually. Pepper had his dry sense of humour and would often tell him funny old stories about Tony. It was nice. Or it had been...
"Too bad, Stark.  Steve, go with him.  I don't trust him not to go down there and dick around instead of working."
Tony laughed, dragging a hand over his face.  "Oh.  Oh, man, I fucked it up, I'm sorry.  I didn't mean to fall asleep.  I forgot I'm forty now.  No, uh, Netflix and chill is when.... halfway through the movie I start putting moves on you.  ...like this."
"They're already going insane." Steve waved a hand. "Maybe we can finally give them something worth talking about."
Tony appeared by Steve's side.  "...was that Katy Perry?" he asked with delight.  "She's the one who kissed a girl and liked it! JARVIS, is she on my To-Screw List?"
"The trauma... it involved his previous mate," said Pepper, watching Sitwell closely.  Sitwell was gazing at them like a hawk, clearly ready to intervene if she tried to give Gleason too many details.
"Cancel the tailor," added Tony.  The last thing he needed was someone prodding at his torso.  His chest and neck felt sore, stiff, tender.  The poison is his blood was leaving dark streaks across his skin.  Tony felt it was better to keep that under wraps; a tailor would definitely notice and although Tony liked and trusted his tailor, you couldn't be too careful.  His little problem was, so far, a secret, and Tony wanted to keep it that way.  He was coping through intense denial and that was working out pretty well so far.
Had Tony been worried they were a thing? The thought was pretty funny. Natasha would have probably eaten Steve alive; Steve found her dominance to be too intense for his liking. They were close, but not like that. Their relationship had a lot of give and take, but statuses never came into it. Natasha kept giving him that
Bucky looked instead at a board filled with ever-changing flight information.  He got excited when he saw Cleveland on the list, even though Pietro had already explained that Karpov's "retirement to Cleveland" was only a turn of phrase and that Karpov was probably not there.  ("It would be literally the stupidest place for him to go, since he told everyone he was going there," said Pietro. "That's the very last place we should look." Then Wanda had said, "Maybe we
Tony looked up but his gaze was fixed on Steve.  "...where did Steve get that bagel? Do I get a bagel?"
one's been getting most of the attention."  She nodded toward a woman with brown hair that tumbled down her back like a lion's mane.  She wasn't particularly short, nor tall, neither fat nor thin nor fit. In fact she was rather plain, aside from the incredible hair.  Clearly, efforts to pull it back had been in vain. There was, sure enough, a tiny crowd around her. The auction crowd was sticking close together, but some along the edges were mingling with the rest of the omegas.  There were about five who were chatting with the woman, who was standing there clasping a glass in both hands, nodding and sipping occasionally. Then she turned and Steve saw the interest had nothing to do with the hair at all; she had one brown eye and one blue eye.
