The man looked at her with a genial grin and wiped sweat from his forehead.
This was the first time he had cried, the sorrow and despair that had been building all morning now pouring out of his face.
'Cause she's got nowhere to go
Once they all were otherwise occupied Clem fell flat on her stomach and ducked her head down, pulling up the dust ruffle on her bed. There was the boy curled up in the corner against the wall.
John knew exactly what he was witnessing. Sherlock had just made Clem cum all over him. Had made her gush her release all down his chest. John had only heard of women who did this and seen it in a few pornographies. His mind shut off for a moment as he just took in the sight of Sherlock wringing every last drop of pleasure from Clementine’s body.
He released the drag with a puff of smoke that reminded John of the first time they had met.
“The documentarians are leaving out crucial bits of evidence and testimony.”
Sherlock’s cheeks flushed at the confession. He stepped closer to John, causing the shorter man to tilt his head up to maintain eye contact.
“What the hell are you doing here?”
“If you two are going to carry on in such an inane fashion please take it to your room Clem.”
“Well I guess you’re just going to have to make it up to me now won’t you?” His voice was a gentle tease, but filled with lust. Clementine smiled into the kiss, returning it with passion. John encircled her wrists with one large hand, while sliding the other down her body.
“You must be Doctor Watson. I am Irene Adler. It is a pleasure to have you at our little event.”
Sherlock’s mouth watered and without a second thought he rolled on top of John, slid down his body and swallowed him down. John gasped and grabbed at Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock moaned around John’s erection, pulling up with as much suction as he could create.
done what I thought was best. You have to believe me. What was I supposed to do? Mummy and Daddy were never interested in him. Never wanted to take responsibility. They left it all to me!”
Sherlock kissed his way to juncture of Clementine’s thighs and paused. He took a moment to just breathe her in, her scent mixing with John’s. It was a heady combination. He reached back to grab a condom from the night stand and quickly rolled it over his stiff prick before settling back between her legs. He gently nudged her legs over his shoulders and buried his face between her thighs.
“Um,” John cleared his throat, “how have things been for you?”
Clementine sat in the overstuffed chair in her room, peering out the window. The room was empty except for her bed, stripped to just the mattress and frame, and the chair. She curled in on herself, feet tucked underneath her body, arms wrapped around her shoulders. Her head leaned against the wing of the chair back.
Mycroft collapsed back into his chair rubbing his brow.
The man regarded him with a curious look and took another drag of his pipe.
Last night had been amazing. He should be exhausted, snuggled into his lovers like Clem or completely passed out like Sherlock, but John just lay there unable to sleep. His mind could not stop going over the events of the previous day.
“I love you too Sherlock.” John reassured him.
The boy turned to the man still gripping the young girl and addressed him.
what happened. That’s why we are here. She has been getting weak and clumsy. She hadn’t been interested in food for so long that when she said she wanted to make dinner I was elated. Stupid. Stupid.”
When morning came John was drawn from the bed by that ever incessant need for the loo. He extracted himself from Sherlock’s long heavy limbs and silently crept to the bathroom. Once finished he headed to the kitchen to prepare tea.
“I didn’t make weight,” she whispered, “It was never about you.”
Suddenly his eyes lit up and he dove under her bed, disappearing from sight in mere seconds.
“Stamford. Mike Stamford. We were at Bart’s together.” The man stretched out his hand.
He didn't seem threatening, though, and at least seemed to know Clementine so John didn't feel the need to get violent.
“The Wilkes boy told me I could find you in here. Said you had called him a freak and told him to bugger off.”
John looked down at the two bodies lying next to him. Clem was tucked into his side, face slack, chest gently rising and falling. Sherlock, on the other side of Clem, was sprawled out on his stomach lightly snoring. One arm draped haphazardly over Clem’s back. John wasn’t sure which sight was more endearing.
“A few weeks.”
“It’s okay. I’m okay, Mr. Wheeler.”
“And you can forget about me helping you with whatever bullshit experiment you brought me here for.” She stalked back to her bedroom and slammed the door.
“How is your appetite? Is it still painful to chew,” asked the doctor.
Clem reached out her hand as if at any moment the apparition would disappear. She gently lifted one and brought it to her face. It was soft, fluffy, light. She inhaled its delicate scent, butter and flower with just a hint of lemon zest and sugar. She took a bite. It crumbled in her mouth, the pieces melting on her tongue.
“I nearly broke his thumb.” John reassured him, a ting of pride in his voice.
“If you were here right now I’d bend you over on the bed and take you from behind.” Her breath hitched. John could tell she was close. “I would sink deep into that wet pussy of yours, fucking you hard while I gripped your hips.”
“Did you hear that?” He whispered into her ear, making sure that Sherlock could hear. She nodded, a lascivious smile on her face. “We were both right.”
“I’m safe.” Sherlock heard Clementine’s voice ring beautifully through the phone. “But I need my boys.” This time her voice whined with a deep lust-filled need.
“Sherlock,” he said breathlessly. “Open your eyes Sherlock. Look at me.”
Garrett held out the clipboard.
Sherlock shifted uncertain. This was the first time he had ever told a person what he had deduced about them. His mother had warned him that in polite society we do not point out the observations we make of others even when they were obvious.
“What an astute observation Sherl. I’d have to agree.”
“Envy does not become you, brother mine.” Mycroft’s voice was smooth and condescending. John was beginning to dislike him immensely.
The gathering and tension of the fabric put her breasts on wanton display. John added a third finger to his efforts and Sherlock shouted with pleasure.
With all my love,
He walked behind the two younger children, draping his arms over their shoulders and escorting them to Mycroft.
“Do it Sherlock,” Clem moaned out. “Let me see. I want to finally see you come. Come for me Sherlock.”
“I’m headed to Tesco. Do you need anything?” John asked, gently placing his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder.
“The Holmes boy!” Shrieked the girl. “The younger one with the dark hair.”
At first John just stood there taking in his disheveled sate. His shirt was ruffled, but still buttoned. His trousers were around his hips, but his cock hung free from where his flies had been undone. Far too many clothes for John’s taste.
He was a thing of beauty, John thought. The sleek sinewy body John appreciated in a man and the skilled control of brute force that he respected.
“Thank you for your preliminary care Dr. Watson, but we will no longer be in need of your services. Please pass all discharge information to a nurse or another doctor.”
“I’ve been hiding behind the curtain until just this moment,” answered the boy.
I'm back with more smutty goodness! Sorry my computer has been on the fritz lately and I'm not the kind of person who can type that much on a phone.
A few veiled threats, a plea for help, and some stunning deductions of his own, Mycroft stood staring at John.
“Geographically speaking, Sherlock, where were you?” Mycroft replied.
--------
“Yes you did. Didn’t you?” John slid his fingers in and out a few times.
“Can I just stay here until the party is over?”
“I’ll have you know I’ve outgrown such silly nonsense.”
“I lost my temper today. Neither of you should have had to deal with that. I’m sorry.”
“You like being fucked by both of us.”
Sherlock had completely invaded John’s space at this point. He was staring down at him, the heat in his eyes shifting from anger to desire.
“Don’t you dare apologize,” he whispered to her. “I’m just sorry I wasn’t there with you.”
“Is that when he bent you over the bed?” John’s voice had gone deep and ragged with arousal.
“Afghanistan. They stopped sending active troops into Iraq last year.”
“When?”
“I’m so sorry,” he rasped as he gently lay a hand on the mark.
“So do I,” John said.
He already knew the answer, well mostly.
“Yes I am you beautiful man and you feel so fucking good.” John gave an experimental tug on Sherlock’s hips, thrusting him forward.
He took another gulp of the harsh spirit and sunk deeper onto his bar stool.
Slowly, with extreme effort, Sherlock opened his eyes to find John’s face wrecked with pleasure, staring imploringly at him. They locked eyes as John sped up his strokes.
Clementine shook her head.
“Who was that?” He asked.
“No. You don’t get this. You don’t get to start caring all of a sudden.”
At the thought of his desire for John, Sherlock’s cock began to thicken. John reached around and gave it a few steady strokes to help it along.
At that moment Sherlock popped off of his lovers and gasped.
“Let go of me Sherlock! He’s going to kill her!”
“As I’ve already explained to you, you are not a pathologist and therefore do not have the privilege of examining dead bodies. The hospital was worried about chemical contamination and so her cremation was performed expeditiously. As for the lab, perhaps the police had already cleaned up.”
can barely afford clothing and decent accommodations it is unlikely that your brother could afford such a gadget on his own. The remainder of the inscription, ‘From Clara xxx’, merely confirms the story.”
Eventually, Sherlock began participating more actively. He would reward John with a quick firm kiss to the forehead if he was particularly helpful during a case or as a thank you without saying thank you for grabbing dinner or doing the shopping.
“More!” Sherlock wailed. John popped off the other man’s cock.
“How lovely dear.” With that she turned and hollered up the stairs
Simultaneously, Clem began fucking him in earnest from behind. She added a third finger, angling them so they brush his prostate with every stroke, periodically pausing to rub the sensitive spot for a few seconds, before continuing to pump in and out of him.
“You may be of legal age, but you are far from an adult. The tuition for your school, the rent for this apartment, the money in your bank account that bought your dinner tonight. That is being provided to you. If you continue to see your former drug addict friends, dealers, if you go out at all hours of the night alone, that provision will no longer be there for you. You will not be allowed to remain at Baker Street, Clementine and Ms. Hudson have assured me of that.”
There was a long pause before Sherlock spoke. His voice was raw and low as he husked out his response.
“God that’s lovely,” John huffed out. “You are amazing. You
John felt his pulse quicken and his mouth water.
“Bloody fucking hell!” John shouted trying to swallow his heart back into his chest from where it had leapt into his throat.
They both chuckled.
And I tried so hard to reach you
“For Queen and country.” John whispered back.
Rough hands slid down silky white skin, feeling the hard planes of his lover’s abdomen. The soft plush of his thigh. John breathed against Sherlock’s neck, inhaling his scent, a masculine musk of wool, tobacco, and leather. Their bodies rocked together, becoming one.
John’s voice was husky and thick with desire of his own. Sherlock slipped a hand across John’s hip and to the small of his back, pulling the shorter man closer to him. John could feel the press of Sherlock’s erection on his own stiffening prick.
The two men looked at each other, fight in their eyes. John watched as their bodies began warming up. They bounced from foot to foot, rolling their shoulders, swinging arms, stretching necks. The referee shouted the rules.
In that moment Sherlock lived a lifetime. Stretched out before him was his life without John Watson. He lived that evening, back at the flat, back in their bed, alone. He lived the next morning, waking up in a cold empty room, unable to make breakfast and coffee himself. He was at John’s funeral where he just stood there unable to speak. He grew old and miserable, alone.
Sherlock was singing.
He kissed her lips sweetly. “But I assure you that I thoroughly enjoyed myself.”
John tilted his head to the side, brows curled in surprise.
“Sherlock wants to know what it feels like to be fucked by me. Be a dear and oblige him.” He released her hair and continued fucking her.
“We have both been doing fine without your concern for years Mycroft and we will continue to do fine without it. Now leave.”
“I don’t think I am going to be able to sleep any time soon,” John confessed. “Would you want to watch some crap telly?”
“This is John. I miss you and want you here with us, but more than anything, love, I want you safe.”
“I didn’t demand. I believe I asked rather politely. I even offered to pay for your dinner.”
“She could have easily been wearing someone else’s.” Mycroft sighed.
“Did he stick his cock in you?” John growled.
Anyway, I hope you are doing well. I’d love to hear from you and know how you are doing.
“Don’t ever leave me.”
The boy responded with a tight nod of his head. Swiftly Clementine rose to her feet just in time to greet the gaggle of kids at the door to her room.
“Is this true Clementine?”
He stood in the doorway to the library keenly assessing the situation, but leaving his face impassive.
“Fuck, Sherlock. You feel so fucking good. Yeeeessss, lick me open.”
to you, but she was
“Please! Please! They’re after me!” His voice was desperate and full of fear. He was swatting her hands away as she fruitlessly grabbed at him.
John stepped back, completely dumbfounded at what was transpiring before him. The two women whooped, spun, and shimmied against each other. Clementine, for all intents and purposes, looked just as drunk as Harry.
“I told him if he ever laid a hand on her again I would break every bone in that hand.”
It was her father.
But it was over way too soon. Sweet sounds turned into desperate gasps that crescendoed to a powerful shout of pleasure. Sherlock’s body nearly snapped his body in two with the full force of his orgasm. John stroked him through it, lulling him down from his climax.
She slapped the man on the shoulder of his well-pressed suit as John retracted his hand sheepishly.
John had been writing a series of reports on a rash of suicides among working class men. These deaths often saw widows and orphans sent to the almshouses. He had been to a few of these establishments himself. They stunk of human excrement and rotten flesh. He had seen the bodies of babies and the elderly thrown onto a cart for disposal. He had watched as young women picked apart rope until their fingers bled. Men dangling from a wall in chains. All for a roof and two small meals a day.
Without breaking eye contact John gripped Clem’s hips tighter and gave her a few particularly hard thrusts. She gasped in pleasure as she writhed on top of him.
“Oh you dirty little thing you. You want to sit on my fat cock and go for a ride? Hmmm?”
“I could be wrong, but I think that’s none of you business.” John said acidly as he took a draft of his beer.
Sherlock turned to see John, alone, hanging his jacket back on the rack by the door. He glanced at the clock. John had been gone a few hours.
He knew she wouldn’t remember even if she had actually call him. It was worth a shot.
“Goodnight.” Sherlock would reply.
Why was John doing this? Why was he pretending like he was interested in a flat share with some med school professor that Mike worked with? Well, he supposed, it wasn’t that big of a deal. Plus, it might be nice to see Bart’s one last time. Meeting an inconsequential person didn’t matter. He could feign interest and then not show up to any plans that were made. It’s not like this stranger cared about him or what he did anyway.
“Are you this dripping wet just for me?” He probed his fingers back farther running the tips right along her entrance.
Clem wrinkled her nose at the implication of such a practice. The other girl turned to gaze at the pictures on the wall fondly.
Sherlock whimpered.
“That’s not fair.” He looked at his lap, voice soft.
Sherlock was full to bursting with pleasure, desire, with love. He knew now, from this moment on, there was no going back. He could never live without John Watson. He could no longer go on without having John Watson, body, mind, and soul. As the realization washed over him his climax him like a tidal wave.
John H. Watson
John nipped at the soft pillows of Sherlock's lips. He could feel the stiffness of the other man's erection pressing into his belly and at that moment John knew what he really wanted.
She curtsied slightly and was off.
“I’m starting a police investigation.”
Irritated he took his phone from his pocket to see who it was.
“Who is Rizz?”
“I was waiting for you,” he explained.
“Oh god!” John practically shouted. “I can feel you too.”
“It’s fine with me.” John supplied to ease the tension. They both turned to look at him.
John felt like he was fucking Sherlock’s face.
Sherlock stared for a moment longer, before snapping back to himself and nodding his head.
Slowly, carefully, Sherlock walked over to John and reached out his hand. John stared at it for a moment, looking between Sherlock’s hand and resolute gaze. When he finally reached to accept it, Sherlock pulled him to his chest. They stood, bodies pressed together, gazing at one another.
Slowly he started to pump into her again without relenting his grip on her hair. Her back was arched seductively and ensured he hit her at just the right angle with each thrust.
“You keep your goddamn hands off of her or I will break every last bone in your hand. Do you understand me?” John twisted the man’s hand a bit farther to emphasize his point.
“What about you?” He asked.
With that he helped Sherlock to his feet and the three lovers walked back to the bedroom. They proceeded to slowly undress each other. Taking time to kiss and caress every inch of skin as it was revealed.
-----
John felt a rush of blood go straight to his cock at the mention of those lips around him.
, he thought.
On this particular night they were engaged in just such an act. Sherlock was on his back, writhing against the bed, John was two fingers deep inside him rubbing teasingly against his prostate.
“Sebastian, Clementine, and I were playing a game of hid and seek. I was hiding behind the curtain. Clementine was hiding in the chair. An appalling hiding spot if you ask me, but mummy always told me to speak kindly to our hosts, so I said nothing. Needless to say Seb found Clementine immediately, but he became upset when she refused to tell him where I was hiding. He yelled at her and stormed out of the room. That is when I presume he came to you with his fabrication of the events. He was trying to get her in trouble.”
“I’m glad you stopped by.” She hummed against his lips.
“John.” The name came out of Sherlock as a desperate plea.
No. He couldn’t. So a week later he found himself back at the pub with his friends on a Friday night.
“Oh you naughty naughty girl,” he hissed sliding two fingers up her dripping wet pussy.
“You like that don’t you,” John growled.
At some point, Sherlock wasn’t sure exactly when, they began kissing again, their free hands roaming across the other’s neck, shoulder, face, chest. It was frantic, but slow. Gently, but forceful. Above all it was pure bliss. Sherlock could feel his climax building, his strokes on John’s cock faltering.
With all my love,
John paused. He knew she never saw her parents anymore, but he assumed that was due to the abuse. Was this the abandonment Sherlock had alluded to?
John stood there for a moment not believing what he was seeing. It wasn’t until the two women had walked out the door that he was spurred into action. He nodded at the bartender, who shot him a relieved and thankful look.
John shook his head minutely.
Suddenly The Spy landed a series of jabs and hooks to the large man’s face. Fazed only slightly the heavyweight took a steadying step back.
Sherlock sucked on John’s fingers lovingly, as if expressing his penance.
Clementine tightened her hold and continued to gently stroke his hair.
“Yeah,” he said, “Happy ending.”
“I thought you were gone. I thought you had died,” he choked out. “I love you John. I love you.”
John must have either felt the same way or could tell how Sherlock himself was feeling because, before Sherlock realized what was happening, John had scooted back slightly on Sherlock’s lap and his hands were working at his trouser buttons. Once John had his buttons undone and his pants exposed he reached for Sherlock’s, pausing briefly to give him a questioning look.
The whites of her eyes went red. She gasped for breath.
“You’re the second person to say that to me today.”
Slowly he pushed one finger in and then another. He pumped in and out as Sherlock continued to rock up into her, leaning down periodically to suck at her breasts.
“Well, here’s the thing. Sherlock’s brother works for the British government. Hell, he practically is the British government. I doubt you want to rouse his attentions. Probably wouldn’t be good for business.” Clem warned. Victor just scoffed.
Her aunt merely clucked her tongue at the teen.
“Actually,” John supplied, at a loss for anything else to say, but wanting to delay the parting of his companion as long as possible, “I have no intention of writing a standard society article.”
“How about a drink to celebrate,” John suggested.
“Hang on a second.” John set his tea down on the counter. “What do you mean ‘clearly not from a well-to-do family’?”
Clementine saluted the boy mockingly.
The apartment was small. Most apartments in the London area were. She wandered down the hallway and into the living area. No one appeared to be home besides them. There was a wall covered with family pictures. She paused to inspect them. Perhaps they held some insight into who Vic actually was. Neither of them really knew this kid. There were recent pictures of him and his family on what she assumed was vacation, fishing, drinking, eating, hanging on the beach. There were older pictures of who she assumed was Vic in diapers running around a muddy backyard playing with sticks. There were birthday pics of kids with cake smeared faces and wrapping paper strewn floors. It was all so positively normal. She didn’t know why, but it made her chest ache.
John wrapped his arms tight around Sherlock’s middle and rested his forehead between his shoulder blades.
“Harry was always so much stronger than me,” John said.
John floated from one unearthly scenario to the next. It was all at once surreal and familiar. So when he eventually found himself standing in an empty warehouse talking to Mycroft it was less of a shock than he expected it reasonably should have been.
Tears and blood flooded her eyes. Her head hit the tile floor as she fell backward, but she didn’t stop. She leapt back in the general direction of the mayhem. She began pulling his hair, pawing for any flesh she could dig her fingernails into.
While John wasn’t sure if Sherlock was intentional with his touches, he was intentional in his decision to return them. Unsure what the new touching rules were, or if there even were any, John decided to start small. A hand on the shoulder whenever he left the flat. Sherlock didn’t even realize John was leaving half the time anyway so he figured this would be a safe place to test the waters.
John smirked a bit, spinning the mug in his hands.
___________________
“Piss off.”
“Okay. Well, be safe and I’ll see you in a few days.”
He kissed Sherlock’s neck, tasting the salt on his skin, letting the sound of his lover’s moan penetrate him deep.
John looked down at his lap a bit dejected.
“Yes.” John could feel his knees going weak.
John knocked on the door to the sitting room.
John raised his free hand to Sherlock’s shoulder, pushing him gently.
“Johnny boy! What are you doing here?” Harry could barely hold her head up.
Mycroft was standing in her doorway.
“God your lips look amazing around my prick,” Victor whispered. His face was flushed, his hair falling into his eyes.
John’s breath hitched. His eyes became glassy.
With that she buried her face back into her book. Sherlock still peeked around the curtain at her as she pointedly ignored him. Then suddenly there was the sound of footsteps coming toward the room. Sherlock dodged back behind the curtain and Clementine balled herself even tighter in the chair so as not to be seen.
“He’s a friend.”
“Yes. Yes. Make love to me. I want you inside me. I want to feel you.”
He wasn’t sure if Sherlock felt the same way, but figured it was a safe bet that he did, given the cuddles on the couch after and the lack of awkwardness the next morning. But John didn’t get an opportunity to find out for sure because the evening after the tryst on the couch Sherlock was called away on a case.
“When!” She shouted as one of the men squeezed Vic’s arm a little tighter. Clem was pleased.
Clementine watched as hot thick ropes of John’s cum landed over Sherlock’s cheeks, his crack, his hole.
When he was right behind her, without so much as a peep, he slid his hands across Clementine’s ass and up her skirt. She gave a slight start as his groin met her ass, but quickly melted into the touch.
“Sorry to have disturbed a late night experiment, Sherl.” Clementine said to her roommate as they walked right by him and into the kitchen. Well kitchen was a loose term. John though it looked like something between a laboratory and a bio-waste facility. They didn’t stay long, passing right through it and down a back hallway to her bedroom.
John smirked lasciviously and looked down at Sherlock.
John reveled in the tight heat of her body, the press of Sherlock’s cock against his. Clementine mewled with every thrust.
“I don’t know what sort of twisted narrative you have concocted in that head of yours, but there is nothing between us. There never will be and you need to stop asking.”
“You can take it Sherlock. You’re so fucking sexy when you are getting fucked. It makes me so wet,” Clementine purred. John could see that she was fucking herself hard and deep, the hand that once played with her tits had slid south to rub against her clit.
“And where are you off to?” Sherlock asked as John bounded into the living room to gather his jacket and keys. John didn’t even look over at him.
“Mycroft was just stopping by to see how we were doing.” She intervened quickly.
John continued to fuck him as his orgasm crested, hot ropes of cum splashing across his chest. Then John bounced him once, twice more on his cock before slamming into him and cumming himself.
“It’s not fair,” she was still yelling, but her voice sounded more pained than angry, like she was struggling to keep her composure, while remaining firm. “I know that none of this is fair. You’ve been dealt a really raw hand. A terrible, terrible, fate, but I will not sit back and let you waist your life on that couch. You will go shower and put on clean clothes, which you really should have done before the doctor’s, while I make tea. You will then sit with me at the table and eat!”
At these words Sherlock tore his hand from John’s hair and sidestepped him, ducking quickly to grab his towel, wrapping it back around his waist. John leapt to his feet, chasing Sherlock. The other man’s posture gave a clear sign, though.
(See the end of the chapter for
Things were different now, though, he had to admit, because when this case had come to a close the days away from his partner—
“Gorgeous,” he would say. And Sherlock loved it.
“Of course you did,” John said, “We never tried to hide it.”
“John!”
“Please daddy no!” Clementine was at the bottom of the stairs taking in the scene.
John licked his lips, wanting to taste those marks, heal them with the press of his lips. Sherlock noticed the hungry look in his eyes. Raising a hand-rolled cigarette to his lips, the tall man leaned toward John. Reaching out he struck a match on the brick wall next to John’s head and gently brought it to his lips, inhaling deeply.
Now that John knew this he felt vulnerable and exposed, but excited. With John it had been different. For some inexplicable reason Sherlock felt comfortable with John. When John locked eyes with him that first night Sherlock knew it, knew that he was different than the other pretentious Uni boys Clem would bring home. He couldn’t stop thinking about him. That’s why he texted John. He wanted to see him again, but he still wanted Clem there to.
“Hey Harry.” He was cautious upon initial approach. “I’m here to pick you up. You called and asked for a ride. Remember?”
“I’m okay. It’s okay.” She reached out to Sherlock. “I need you to come home.”
Now they stood on the door step of 221 Baker Street. When the door opened a kindly looking older woman, much older than her mother it seemed, opened the door with delight. Her face fell quickly upon seeing the ruin of a girl before her.
Suddenly John fully absorbed the man’s words. He snapped back into reality, back into the present state of things. He had his prick inside a beautiful woman, who he had every intention of pleasing. He reached down, placing two fingers over her clit stroking firmly.
John stiffened his arm ready to hold her back, but Clementine didn’t move.
John ran out of the kitchen and back into the bedroom, where Sherlock still lay strewn over the bed completely undisturbed. After quickly pulling on his pants, John leaned over Sherlock and gently kissed his face.
John collapsed to the floor.
He had finally finished his last exam and was itching to see his lovers. He wanted to hear their voices, touch their skin, kiss their lips. He grabbed a cab for the short distance, knowing he couldn’t run fast enough. No time to stop for take-away. They could order delivery.
John wrapped his lips around the tip of Sherlock’s cock and slowly took as much of it into his mouth as possible. Sherlock went slack underneath him. As John bobbed up and down, stroking his hands along the thick shaft in tandem.
So when he showed up at her house almost a year later in the sleek black Bond Edition Aston Martin after texting her that he had finally passed his driver’s test, she schooled her expression and exuded only excitement and jubilation at his acquisition.
“Shhhhhh!!!” The little boy shushed her emphatically.
“No luck,” Sherlock inquired. John didn’t respond, just kicked off his shoes, untucked his shirt and plopped down in his chair.
Clementine lowered her voice. “Sherlock I am begging you. Please. Don’t do this.”
“This is a woman’s job.” He grumbled.
“No.” Retorted Clem. “He was just sitting down for tea and you were just going to put some clothes on.”
“You’d like that wouldn’t you,” John continued. “Being filled from both ends. You’d be our little toy. Wouldn’t you? There for our pleasure. Oh and you’d give it to us. Wouldn’t you? Gagging on Sherlock’s cock while I fucked you into him. Would you cum for us? Would you squirt all over for us?”
“Sherlock!” John cried out as he came hard.
Sherlock panicked for a moment, a mere second to devise a cover, an escape route. He let out an indignant scoff.
. Then the old man pulled out a gun and pointed it at Sherlock.
“Tell him to go away.”
John gripped his cane tighter as the man stalked closer and closer. At this distance John could make out the handsome features of his face, a broad nose, defined cheekbones and high forehead. He was at once strong and delicate.
Clementine struggled not to laugh in the man’s face.
Martha had called Mycroft every day concerned, until she finally had to rouse her for a doctor’s appointment. Clementine had gone easily if reluctantly. She answered the physician’s questions in the most perfunctory of manners. The swelling had gone down significantly and she was fitted for a smaller, less imposing brace. Her face still wore a mask of angry deep purple with a smearing of yellow around its edges.
Sherlock could barely think. He only barely managed to gasp out, “Yes! YES!” in response before he was cumming.
“There’s always something.”
“Where is he?”
His presence was intimidating. John stuttered a moment before replying.
Sorry this has been so long without an update. I have been meaning to post something, but found that I am not super great at updating two fics at the same time. But I had some extra time today so hope you enjoy this one!
“Rub her clit.” Came a dark deep voice, the sound shocking John out of his reverie. His thrusts faltered and his expression widened in surprise.
She cried out in pain.
“Did Sherlock ever tell you about his brother?” Clem asked. The prospect of another gorgeous Holmes boy seemed to spark Victor’s interest. He uncrossed his arms, shoving his hands into his pockets and standing a bit straighter.
“I, uh, thought you said you never got them,” John stuttered.
Why won’t he just stop? John just wanted this conversation to be over with.
“Lead the way.”
What he hadn’t told her a year ago was that the first bad guy he wanted to take out was her father.
“Watch out!”
“Please, John. I’m sorry. I couldn’t help myself. She was just so beautiful and it had been so long. I wanted to wait for you. I really did. I—”
“Oh he’s a grown man. He can handle his affairs just fine,” Aunt Martha clucked at her.
He began frantically opening and closing the drawers of her work station. How could this have possibly happened? This couldn’t be real. She would never have made such a mistake. Something was going on. He pushed past boxes of rubber gloves, half empty tubes of chapstick, her respiratory mask and lab glasses. There was a random assortment of hair ties, lotion, pens and pads of paper in another drawer. Her lab notebook still sat open on her desk.
“Ah, he’s back.” Came the familiar deep voice from behind John. “They don’t normally come back do they Clem?”
John H. Watson
“This cock isn’t going to ride itself. Fuck me you dirty little slut.”
and I’m so sorry.”
“He-e-e-e—Uh—He, uh st-t-toped by,” the boy struggled to get out.
“You know I can’t do that.”
“Well I don’t mind.” John said.
, Sherlock thought,
John regarded him with a considering expression.
“Tell me Sherlock. What do you want? Hmm?”
Clementine and John smiled lazily at each other, pulled themselves from the couch, and followed the mad chemist back to the bedroom. When they entered the room Sherlock had already laid himself in the middle of the bed.
“I need to see it to know it’s her. I can’t believe it. I
“Who is Seb?”
They stumbled through the door, a tangle of limbs and lips. John couldn’t believe his luck. What had been a simple night out with the guys had turned into one of the most promising pickups of his med school career.
It was home. John had grown up in this city, the son of a middle class family, educated in medicine at University of the City of New York. It had been the bravery and service of the university's famous alumni Major James Sholto, noted Civil War surgeon, that prompted John to enlist.
“How long has he been that way?” John whispered in her ear.
“Helping a friend,” he said once he was divested of his outer garments.
It took John a moment to dust off that name from the recesses of his memory. As far as John was concerned Mike Stamford was from another world entirely. He shifted his cane and reached his hand out to greet the other man.
This was the first time that they had all shared a bed for something other than sex. It was sweet and comforting and seemed so right.
“I love you too, John,” he whispered. “More than you will ever know.”
He had seen what happened when she didn’t make weight.
“The way you carry yourself, your authoritative air, and strength says well suited for military career. Possibly even some UOTC training.” John postured a bit at this complement.
“I owe him a good beating.” Sebastian said coolly.
Sherlock purred, shifting out of John and tucking into his side, John still stroking his hair.
better.
Clementine just shrugged.
“Wait! Wait!” He screamed, his voice cracking, a testament to his youth. “I can—I can—” He was desperate, reaching for anything to appease his captors. One of the men opened the back door to the car. “Seb! Seb! He’s with Seb!”
“Uh, yes. Yes. We are friends from school.”
John steeled himself.
John matched his statue-like posture as he took in the sight before him. Towel dry curls cascaded around Sherlock’s sharp features. His bare chest was pink and moist from the hot shower it was evident, by the large white towel wrapped around his hips, he had just finished.
“I thought I was going to bring this beautiful bird home, have a nice shag, and then off you pop. Then I got here and standing in that doorway,” John motioned to the kitchen entrance, “was one of the most gorgeous creatures I have ever seen. Tall,” John ran one of his hands up Sherlock’s thigh, “Lean,” his hand ran across the expanse of his abs and chest, “Breathtaking,” he cupped Sherlock’s cheek and ran the pad of his thumb across his plump bottom lip.
“Don’t leave me,” she whispered, her voice tinged with a kind of desperation that spoke of something other than desire.
His eyes said. Sherlock nodded frantically.
“Those lips,” John huffed out. “They are so luscious.” He leaned in to capture Sherlock’s lips in a slow needy kiss. “They taste amazing.” A small nip at his bottom lip. “They look so amazing wrapped around my cock.” Sherlock let out a quivering moan at this statement.
“I thought you didn’t care about me.” John husked out. “That’s—that’s—”
Sherlock moaned at the feeling, grabbing at John’s jumper pulling him closer. They kissed like that for what seemed like hours. Just standing in the kitchen, running hands down chests, clutching at backs, cupping faces, and running fingers through hair.
He swallowed those words nightly. It was the only way he could get any sleep.
When John slowly slide inside of her Sherlock suddenly gripped the back of her neck and threw his head back with a gasp.
“John?” He finally whispered when his body’s immobility finally ceased.
“He won’t touch. He won’t talk. He won’t participate. I promise. But if you want him gone just say the word.” Her voice was hushed, but filled with honesty. John looked back over at the man in the chair, one leg crossed over the other, ankle resting on knee, fingers steepled under his chin regarding them thoughtfully.
John’s heart ached at the sight. He leaned forward onto his knees and crawled closer to them. Sherlock saw him and reached out his hand pulling John toward them.
He blew out a frustrated breath and had to hold back the urge to run his gloved hands through his hair as further demonstration of his aggravation. He didn’t know what else to do.
But for the moment he could enjoy the smiles on their faces, their moment of peace.
“Uh-huh,” Clem said, digging in her closet for her sweatshirt. She had no intention of matching Sherlock’s new fashion sense.
“Oh god!” He gasped out. “Please. Please. Please” He wasn’t sure what he was begging for or from whom, but when John began to move he knew that was exactly what he needed.
“What do you mean?” Sherlock didn’t even turn his head away from the window.
Lyrics are from the Goo Goo Dolls song Acoustic #3
. And now he is gone and he hates me and I can’t be there and it is
“Beg your pardon.” John straightened his posture, trying to affect a confident air.
The light came crashing around him. The smell of plastic, disinfectant, and bodily fluids assaulting his nose. The din of pained cries, beeping machines, and shoes hitting hard linoleum filled his ears.
“Please, don’t misunderstand me,” Sherlock continued, “I wish I could say that I would have been for you what you needed when you wrote these letters. But only looking back now, after almost a decade, I can honestly say that I could never have given you what you needed in those moments.”
John knew that Sherlock couldn’t see his face, but he tried the hide the elation he felt as it burst from his chest and settled in an aching smile on his face.
The three of them had fallen into a companionable routine. Without actually discussing it, the three became exclusive. For John it was almost by default. Not only was he completely content with the two lovers he had, there was no additional time for casual dating. Sherlock had a bit more time, but had never been one for casual dating to begin with.
“Brother mine.” A third voice joined the ill begotten party in the library. It was Sherlock’s older brother.
John’s body moved with Sherlock’s mouth. The two men danced, wrapped in each other, taking all the pleasure they could from this moment.
“I mean it Clem.” His voice was soft.
On the other hand, perhaps it was simply a ploy so people wouldn’t suspect him of being a sociopath. People rarely suspect the man with a smiling wife and child. Clementine wasn’t completely sure what his ultimate motives were and it really didn’t matter.
Clem held John’s hand in hers, lightly brushing her thumb across his knuckles. It was late and they were both exhausted. They smelled of vomit and spilled beer. She gently rested her head on his shoulder.
He had to see him. Had to look at his face. Had to hear that voice one more time.
Clem just leaned back into the couch and huffed, “My parents never did the whole Santa thing.”
“Whatever it was, it was amazing,” John tilted Sherlock’s face up to kiss his lips. Sherlock hummed with contentment.
“Yeah,” he agreed. “Extraordinary.”
“Mind if I use this?” Even with the raucous shouts of the room John could hear the depth of his voice. Sherlock gripped the kerchief in John’s hand and, before the journalist could answer, had spun around and tossed the piece of fabric in his opponents face.
“Sherlock Holmes,” Clementine spat out both in response to John’s question and as a challenge to her roommate, “what are you playing at?”
John looked at her quizzically.
Other times, Sherlock would hear his phone ping and it was a different sort of
Sherlock nearly melted. With a loud groan he laced his fingers into John’s hair and threw his head back. Taking the other man’s movements as a sign, John sank to his knees.
When John stepped out of the pub, looking both ways for the two women, he saw them stumbling, arms around each other’s shoulders, down the sidewalk. He breathed a sigh of relief.
“It doesn’t make any sense!” Sherlock hollered.
Since no decent woman would have him and his pocket change couldn’t afford the price of professional companionship, he decided on the next best thing.
“The tall one, Sebastian Wilkes, was bragging about how he got into Eaton. How he was the smartest one of the lot.”
“It’s glorious isn’t?”
Mycroft scoffed, rolling his eyes.
John’s trousers ended up in the hallway and his pants on the bedroom floor.
“It’s alright dear. I’m just glad to see you back and healthy. Lord knows how they treat you poor dears over there,” said Ms. Hudson.
and I have no expensive equipment.” His voice was casual, but self-satisfied at proving his know-it-all lover wrong.
His fist was moving fast over his cock now. His face had gone slack as he melted into Johns words.
But it was over now, as he knew it would be. Their family fractured, scattered to the wind and John alone once again. Trust issues. His therapist was full of shit. John knew how to trust. He just didn’t trust easily. He knew what happened when you trusted where you shouldn’t, trusted that things would workout. The only constant in this world was change and death. It was a fool’s errand to trust that things would be okay.
Victor ran his hand through his hair, bushing the locks from his eyes. “Haven’t seen him.”
to be quite a spectacular adventure as he was never sure how Sherlock would interpret the rules each time. Other times they spoke animatedly about medicine and biology. Sherlock was always thirsty for knowledge and John loved it. He loved how attentive he became, how vibrant his face and bright his eyes were when John explained the workings of a particular disease or deformity.
“Shall we order take away?” Clem asked as she plopped down on the couch next to him one evening.
“And, no I did not,
“The drugs. He began using a few months ago. Cocaine mostly, sometimes morphine. Then he began running away again. I found him one evening in a drug den. He was laid out on a dirty mattress, unresponsive.”
They sat there for a few moments not saying a word. Just staring at each other. Sherlock with a pleading look and Clementine with an air of irritation.
you inside. Even if it makes every day of your life miserable and lonely, because you know it would be worse if they were hurting.”
Sherlock seemed pleased with this solution and looked at Clementine expectantly. Her irritation had not yet abated.
“Hello, brother. To what do I owe the pleasure?”
“We’ve just never really been like that, I guess.”
The resulting moan from the man below him made John’s entire body vibrate. The feeling left him relaxed and pliant. Clementine seized the opportunity and slowly inserted her first finger.
John was lost, only Sherlock’s words guided him.
“Away.” She said without turning back to him.
Between the moment his day ended and the moment he drunk himself to amnesia, he had been thinking about the true meaning of Sherlock’s words. Their implication.
“Stop it!” Clementine shrieked and lunged toward him, clawing at his hands around her mother’s neck.
“We didn’t get into trouble. We weren’t friends.” Sherlock husked out, answering an unasked question.
Clementine regarded her cone where a drip of melted ice cream slowly slid down the crisp sugary surface. She licked at it before it had the chance to reach her hand. The cool viscous liquid burned against her tongue.
“Clementine loves very big, very deeply. Anyone who is privy to her love is exceptionally lucky. She does not give it out lightly. But with deep love comes deep hurt.”
Clementine laughed.
As soon as they were out of the pub their hands were all over one another. John pulled her in for a bruising kiss, tasting sweet soft lips. She desperately clung to his arms and he secretly thanked his rugby captain for taking the game so seriously. It was just a community league team, but the tough practices had kept John from getting soft, sitting around studying all day.
“Anyway,” Clementine continued, “he burst into my room in a panic and dove under my bed without so much as a glance in my direction. A few minutes later a group of kids came by looking for him. I said I hadn’t seen him and would they kindly piss off as I was reading. Thus went our childhood. When we were forced to attend a family event I would find a place to read, away from everyone else, and Sherlock would hide somewhere nearby, under my bed, behind the armchair I was sitting in, wherever. We never really spoke. Eventually he was sent away to school. I didn’t see him again until Aunt Martha told me he needed a place to stay while at Uni.”
Then there was a sudden bang. The front door.
But for now, everything was being seized in evidence, the house, the art, the books, what would have been her inheritance. She had nothing. She was nothing. She wanted to be loaded up onto the trucks and packed away with everything else.
Harry tilted her head back and cackled at John’s words. Without another word she turned around, banged on the jukebox and started up the music again.
Sherlock, ignoring the movement of his companions, continued to read. When John reached Sherlock he plucked the paper from his hands. Sherlock gaped up at John, startled by his actions.
Now, a year later, the two got on jovially. Aunt Martha was the shining ray of light in the shite show that had become her life. She had transferred schools for sixth form. This was good, she reasoned, as it meant Sherlock likely wouldn’t have to change schools. She wouldn’t have put it past his parents to pull him from the most prestigious public school in the area because of her. Probably would have sent him to Harrow or Eaton instead.
She heard the telltale sound of a phone being shuffled in someone’s grip.
“You think you can just embarrass me like that? Bring your lover into my house? Did you fuck him in our bed too? Did you?”
“And who is this big burly man Clem?” The thin man asked.
Instantly Clementine howled in pleasure, bucking her body up off the bed. John caught her around the rib cage and pressed her back to his chest. Both of them upright, John continued to thrust up into her as she met each stroke with a corresponding dip of her hips. His fingers continued their ministrations and the noises that spilled from Clementine’s lips were positively sinful.
The flakes fell heavily and a wind had picked up, causing the windows to rattle slightly in their old wooden frame. Sherlock decided the best place to be at that moment, the only place he wanted to be, was wrapped around John Watson.
Clementine smiled. “As did I.”
“Yes! Oh god yes! Don’t stop John. Don’t stop!”
Sitting at the table in the middle of the room, looking as stuffy and put out as ever, was Mycroft.
Clem gave him a gentle look as if to say,
As the only female editor at
Over the next week Clementine continued her revamp of the space. She washed out the cupboards and drawers, stuffed them with newspaper to hopefully sop up some of the smell. Sherlock thought it was somewhat successful. For the most part he was no help. He moved in boxes of belongings that mostly just sat in her way. He did help her hang some wall paper in the living room. It had a sort of black and white floral filigree pattern on it. Sherlock thought it was ugly, but he didn’t have the heart to tell her nor could he really be bothered to care what the wallpaper in his new living room was.
“We all have our peccadilloes,” said Mike finishing the dregs of his pint glass. “He’s harmless.”
He shuffled quickly outside before he could be captured in conversation by anyone else as the quartet struck up a tune and people moved to the dance floor. To his relief the balcony was empty. Leaning against the banister, he took out a pad of paper and pen from his coat pocket and peered out over the city. He sighed deeply.
“What do people normally say?”
Frantically they began kissing, tangling their arms around each other. John pulled their groins together and he could feel Sherlock’s answering hardness. Quickly they divested themselves of their shirts. John pulled back to tug down the cotton trousers Sherlock had been wearing. He had neglected to put on pants, to John’s delight.
“So he had a tendency to upset the other kids by both demonstrating to and telling them how stupid they were. One day we were having a get together at my house and Sherlock had upset a group of kids. They were chasing him through the yard, but he managed to sneak into the house. I was alone in my room reading, I didn’t really like playing with the other kids.”
A group of men had entered the ring to collect The Brick. Sherlock looked down in a scoff as the referee grabbed his hand, hoisting it high in the air, declaring him the winner. Another wave of cheers crashed over John. He could feel the weight of the excitement, the shuffling bodies pressing him tighter against the barricade.
“You need to stop punishing him.” She whispered.
John stood there for a moment, tea forgotten. He didn’t know what to say. He felt as though he should be angry, felt exposed and confused. How could Sherlock possibly know all that about him? Clementine could have given him some of the basics, the fact that he was a med student and his last name, but he had not told her anything else that Sherlock just said. Nothing. Not the army. Not his bedsit. Not his financial situation. Not his family situation. As angry as he felt he should be, John couldn’t help the words that spilled from his mouth.
“You okay John?” He asked.
Still Clem read on, unknowing. She didn’t hear the footsteps on the stairs either. It wasn’t until her bedroom door flew open that she looked up from the pages.
“How did you two meet?” John’s voice was almost casual. Sherlock was shivering where he stood. He felt more and more exposed with every button released from its place. When he didn’t answer the question John stopped his forward progress, hands just resting on the man’s chest. Sherlock began to panic slightly. Had he done something wrong? Why had John stopped? Then he remembered.
“I don’t know.”
She extended her gloved hand. John grasped it and kissed it lightly. Miss Adler hooked her arm in his and lead John around the room. It was as if she could sense his nervousness and was set on putting him at ease. She spoke in a low voice, naming all the attendants and their stations.
“And where are you taking this poor woman?”
“It’s too dangerous to walk home or take a cab. I’m going to sleep in the grad lounge tonight.”
“You live with your Aunt too?” John asked Clementine as she leaned against the door.
Her words tore a sob from his chest. She wrapped an arm around his waist, pulling him closer to her. She lifted her head and tucked his into her neck now. She wrapped her other arm around his shoulder and held him tight as he wept with exhaustion and defeat.
“Thank you for yesterday,” Clem finally said.
Dear Sherlock,
“No!” She screamed.
“I missed you,” John confessed, unwrapping Sherlock’s scarf so he could plant kisses on his neck.
As she looked over at her roommate, who was now coolly observing the two, John expected her to screech at him to get out, to be confused, outraged, embarrassed. On the whole, however, she seemed unaffected.
And now that woman, who held him so tenderly, who protected him and his own so fiercely sat in a hospital bed, IV in her right arm, gown loosely draped over her torso, tears streaking her face, while her injured arm sat propped on a small table.
Dear Sherlock,
“He followed me into the bedroom. I was still naked from the shower.” Clementine was gasping. Not two seconds ago she was awash in sensation and now everything had stopped. She would do
For just a minute they were the only people who existed to each other.
John groaned as he ran his fingers through the pooling strips of cum dripping down Sherlock’s arse. Then gently, with two fingers, gathering the viscous liquid, pushing it into his lover’s stretched and swollen hole.
For the first few days after the incident at the A&E, Sherlock’s statement stung like the coldest of ice, sticking to his skin, unable to loose itself without the soft heat of a stiff drink.
“Tired of being left alone with me already?”
With a low growl, that let Sherlock know his request pleased his partner, John reached for the lube and slicked up a third finger. Slowly he pressed it in with the other two, all the while licking and placing sucking kisses up the side of Sherlock’s cock.
John knew it had been a feeble criticism. He had worked alongside female nurses in the U.S. Navy. They were brave, intelligent, and hard working. But the fact of the matter was that this
“John wants to cum.” Clem crooked her fingers ever so slightly inside John, brushing teasingly against his prostate before stilling.
Sherlock lifted his head to press desperate tear stained kisses to John’s lips.
His chest ached at the sight.
The crowd was pulsing with excitement. The room hot with anticipation. John removed his hat and shoved it in his back pocket. A few tendrils of his slick hair falling in his face as he cheered every strike The Spy landed.
When he finally felt brave enough to move away from that tantalizing cupids bow it was to lick and suck at the tall chemist’s neck. John ran his hands up and down Sherlock’s chest, circling thumbs over hardened nipples. Fingers exploring the topography of a muscled back, the swell of a luscious ass.
Sherlock threw his head back in pleasure and was unabashedly moaning with every movement, up and down.
I hate the way we left things, but I’m not asking you for anything. I just want to apologize. You don’t have to respond if you don’t want to. I’m in the middle of basic training right now and had to steal a moment just to write this letter. In the off chance that you do ever want to write back I will send you another letter once I get to my base. I miss and love you very much.
“Kiss her. Taste her. It’s wonderful.”
“Third degree burns in curtain three. Cooking accident. Boiling water on the arm. The patient is refusing pain meds. Castor wants you to take it.”
He had to spend a few days in Cardiff tracking down a ring of retail thieves. It would have been a two, stolen high-end purses were laughably irrelevant, but after one store’s assistant manager turned up murdered Sherlock noticed a pattern and realized that it wasn’t the purses themselves, but the raw diamonds being sewn into their linings that were the real loot. John couldn’t go because he had shifts at the clinic.
“3-to-1 odds on The Brick!”
“Offended me?” John was more than a little confused. “Offended me how?”
“I have to be off to complete that medical training the army is paying for.” He chuckled against Sherlock’s cheek, running his hand through the dark curls at the back of his neck.
Sherlock’s heart clenched. His lungs lost the capacity to draw air and words failed him.
Without a word Sherlock walked past Clementine and out the door. The tall boy spared Clementine one more assessing glance before following his brother out of her room.
“Thank you for the wonderful night.” Clementine blew him a kiss before ending the call.
The phone pinged again.
“Concert!” Sherlock suggested at the same time.
“I should have been watching more carefully. I should have been helping her. I’m sor—”
“She taught us how to make these when we were little girls.”
This new arrangement was also much different. Whereas the touches and kisses seamlessly integrated themselves into everyday practices, these moments, where they fell into each other’s arms, each other’s lips, didn’t happen at specific times. They didn’t happen with some greater purpose. They happened when the desire to be close to the other became overwhelming. They happened when Sherlock felt an overwhelming sense of need that could only be satisfied by the hands, the lips, the body of John Watson.
Sherlock darted his eyes back and forth as if looking for something hidden. Then he spoke.
Dear Sherlock,
“I’m going to hand the phone to Sherlock,” John continued, “And you are going to strip for him while I work his tight little arsehole open.”
John simply sat there stoic, listening. Ever the solider.
“Go to her.” John whispered and slowly Sherlock’s feet began to move. John sank back into the chair and settled in for his lesson.
He scanned through the open pages, hoping for some indication of what she had been doing at the time she died, but there was no mention of mixing chemicals. Sherlock knew this wasn’t exactly strange. It is not like anyone really kept perfect notes accurate to the minute of what they were doing. They would update their notes at a break point in the experiment or even at the end of the day. He slammed the notebook closed in frustration.
“Please.” He said earnestly.
Sherlock’s face had gone slack with pleasure. He was no longer thrusting down as hard as before. John had taken over and was bouncing Sherlock’s body effortlessly on his cock.
“I had it all under control.” Sherlock smirked.
Clementine hadn’t been quite so lucky. She had suffered hairline fractures to the back of her skull from hitting the floor and multiple basal fractures inflicted by her father’s elbow to her face. This had required some minimally invasive surgery that, while normally an outpatient procedure, coupled with her additional head injury had warranted an extended stay in the hospital.
She grabbed Sherlock’s filthy hand, gently placing the necklace in his palm and wrapping his fingers around it.
“I— I—,” Clementine stuttered.
“It’s a lovely car Sherlock! Very sophisticated.”
“Oh, well how nice.” Mrs. Hudson cooed. “Do you need any nibbles while you work? I’m about to pop off to bed, but I could put something together quickly.”
“Castor began the debridement,” Garrett stated, seemingly oblivious to the tension around him. “But he was—interrupted.” He shot a pointed look at Sherlock, who tore his gaze from a nervous and bewildered John.
“So the bloke is interested in crime! So are you. Who cares?” Greg countered.
That was all the encouragement he needed. John planted his feet onto the bed and began thrusting his hips, pushing and pulling Sherlock back and forth with his hands. Sherlock merely held on for the ride. The new angle, the harder thrusts meant that John was hitting Sherlock’s prostate with nearly every push. His orgasm was building fast. Sherlock grabbed at his own cock and began stroking quickly.
Sherlock pulled a wry smile.
“I’m going to fuck you now. Are you ready?”
John was thoroughly disappointed by that answer. It was a reasonable thing for Sherlock to spend the night, but John missed him terribly. It was almost frightening how much he missed him. It had only been a few days, but he missed everything. He missed having tea with him in the morning. He missed listening to his brilliant deductions about things John cared nothing about. He missed his warm strong hands on the small of his back, the feel of his curls on John’s cheek. He missed his lips. John could feel his prick stiffen slightly just thinking about them. Then his phone pinged again.
“Don’t ever leave me like that again.” Sherlock pleaded. “I saw what my life is without you. It’s nothing. You
Clementine shot him a sweet smile and reached across the table to hold his hand.
At the time he thought they returned his affections. Thought they
Next, John was in an Italian restaurant with Sherlock, who was presently caught up in staring out the window. Over the course of the night John had learned that Sherlock had taken his chemist and deduction skills and used them to become some sort of detective. His connection with Lestrad seemed to help him secure work with the London Met. But there was more that John wanted to know. So, so much more.
“I don’t want to leave,” John says.
, Sherlock is about to say.
“Piss off. And I have no idea what you were talking about just now.”
“Do something, wanker.” John demands. When the doctor tries pushing at the other’s shoulder again, Sherlock snatches both of his wrists. He’s pinned to the bed in seconds, their bodies strung tight at again being so close.
John rose off of Sherlock entirely, making him groan. He laid beside his flatmate, turning to half lay on his stomach, perching his left leg on a pillow.
“Of course. Just looking.” Ah, so he wants to start his experiment then.
“I don’t give a shit about your conclusion. Your experiment was far from valid so you’re not going to embarrass me any further.” Their stomachs were full with the detective’s perfectly prepared dinner. Despite their bickering, they jested playfully. With a downright
“Now answer my question.” He was so shocked. He wasn’t only shocked but a completely different feeling kept swallowing up every negative his brain tried to conjure up. Sherlock swallowed looking dead at his eyes. As if reading John’s mind, a small smile grew on his mouth. He tried to conceal it by licking his lips.
“It's becoming too much.” The detective rumbles out, John letting go of him with a pop. With eyes screaming of admiration, he trails his tongue up the other’s spent cock before circling his tip.
“Can I move now?” As he spoke he rose up, dropping himself back down before Sherlock could answer.
John brings his hands around Sherlock’s hips, pressing him firmly against him. He circles his hips before angling his cock to press against Sherlock’s cheeks through their remaining clothes. The feeling was new, the detective hesitantly pushing back. The heat from John’s cock makes itself known, even through sweatpants.
“Why does it matter that it was a man?”
“Because you like it.”
John huffs at the remark, “I doubt trust has anything to-“ Sherlock squeezes the base of John’s thumb. Impulsively John’s other fingers curl towards the pressure.
“This might be cold.” John slowly pushes two lubed digits into Sherlock. He leans down, swallowing the detective’s moan as he crooks his two fingers. Repeatedly John presses his fingers against that special bundle of nerves inside of him. Sherlock pants against John’s lips, his body jolting with each press.
“Wasn’t this outing about forgetting work and distracting me?” John’s blood drains from his face. Remembering the night must have reminded Sherlock of the poison incident he didn’t get an answer to. When he told John what happened he couldn’t understand why the answer was so important to him.
“Sherlock?” The other man turned his face to him. His cheeks were adorably rosy, becoming redder as he notices John smiling at the sight.
“Perfect?” John turned to look over his shoulder. Sherlock let out a low laugh, holding his own weight up enough to let the blonde turn over. He didn’t answer, just pressed his lips against John’s.
“How do you feel?” It took a bit for him to answer.
“We’ll that’s a first,” John says, surprise in his own voice. Sherlock was confused but his toes curled, the tightness around him squeezing him in just the right ways.
“I thought you accounted for all variables?” John trails his hand up Sherlock’s back. His muscles tense under his touch. He pulls his dressing robe down slowly, his ears catching the detective's shaky breath. His arms start to shift, becoming restestless in his hold.
“I, haven’t...no.” His response was choppy, his curly hair falling in front of his eyes. The tie around his waist completely fails under John’s grip, revealing miles of Sherlock’s torso. Only a thin layer of underwear separated him from rubbing against John’s sweats. The sight drove the doctor mad, the detective’s hands reaching out to pull up his shirt. It was slipped up and off of him effortlessly. Sherlock’s hands move down to grip John’s hips, lifting them up as he rolls down. A wet spot forms where they rub enthusiastically against each other.
He releases and rubs the remaining lube onto his entrance. John rakes his hands along Sherlock’s thighs, parting them more. The doctor’s stiff cock rubs against the other’s hole before pressing forward. Sherlock’s tight opening givesm John's tip making it in. Burying himself in further, his friend’s walls tighten. John leans down, careful not to go in any further. He guides the detective to his lips, running his tongue sensually against the other’s. John’s cock jumps inside of Sherlock, making the detective moan.
“It smells different than usual-”
“Fine, yes I'm doing great. I know you wanted to see me but- yeah I get it. Okay, the butcher didn’t do it so let the poor bloke go. Yes I’m sure. The blood was really the woman’s but it was put in the butcher’s freezer. The real culprit is the cashier. Bloody hell
“Your arm began to shake as I came closer, so I noted your neutral heart rate and,” Sherlock’s eyes roam the other’s face as he speaks.
he was too.
“Are you alright?”
To his surprise, Sherlock plants himself right next to him on the sofa. He usually stays in his room at night when John watches the telly.
“Go fuck yourself, Sherlock.” The detective looks at his friend as if he were someone completely different until John presses their lips together. Their intertwined hands cage Sherlock’s head between them, his curls fanning on John’s pillow. The detective squeezes their hands as John plays with his tongue, making his hips chant upwards. Their lips disconnect, Sherlock stares at John’s with unconcealed want.
“I’m very,” John hums, confirming that he was listening, making Sherlock fall back into his pillows.
It was unusual to see the detective’s anxious ticks. His fingers hid under his curls, moving with his touch.
He releases his grip on John’s hands. One lays by his head and the other is placed on his chest. He feels John's heart pound against his hand. Leisurely, he trails his hand upward, cupping his jaw.
Antabuse (vomiting when ingesting alcohol)
“...Alright.” The stranger mumbles as he gets up, looking back at the two strange men before closing the door.
“Nothing really.”
Sherlock walks back into the kitchen pouring himself some champagne before adding the powder. He takes the glass into the living room and sits down in his chair, sipping sweetly at his favorite hard drink.
“That’s all then, right?” That's Sherlock for you.
“Who was that man?” He didn’t mean for this to turn into a row. Either way, the end results are always bittersweet.
“Honestly, I have been quite miffed lately and just wanted to come home and relax, you know? This is my home too.” John rakes a hand through his hair, nerves igniting at finally speaking his truth.
“I wasn’t napping.”
A content sigh left John as he pulled Sherlock’s arms closer around him. The detective began to pull out, John clenching to keep all that is in him from spilling out. He felt Sherlock’s heaviness return on top of him, lips pecking at his sweaty back before moving up to the back of his neck.
“Shall we?” The two men finally enter the warmly lit restaurant.
“The drink
his work–his literal experiment.
“I’m insane? You gave me permission to use you for my tests but act surprised when I do just that. Stop conjuring up things that don’t relate to what I’m actually doing.” Sherlock's voice is stern, infuriating the doctor further.
“Your boy toy wanted to see you, huh?” John smirks.
“I find it weird that your first live house experiment is some bloke and the only thing you do is stare at his hands.” John’s voice echoes defeat, exhaustion settling into his posture.
At the sound of bags being dropped on the ground, Sherlock opened one eye, glaring at the sniveling man.
“I was testing taste, yes.” That’s fucking
With an eye roll, the doctor faces back towards the television. Sherlock’s hand drags along the expanse of John’s skin, stopping at his arm’s pulse point.
“Sherlock?” He is never one to be left speechless. But it seems like all the words he wants to use intend to fail him. So, he speaks with his actions.
“It’s true…” A large hand slithered into his pants squeezing at him through his boxers. John’s eyes snapped open in shock, the lower half of his body moving on its own accord. The blonde’s hands move to grip at the hand in his pants but Sherlock took it out himself, gripping at John’s hands with both his own. His hold was strong but there was a slight tremor and that is when John realized just how
“Mmh…enough.” Sherlock hums in response, pulling John up by the hair to kiss him.
Sherlock’s eyes travel over the column of John’s neck, where his hand previously was. He lowers himself a small bit, making John fall back onto his elbows to avoid the detective. Sherlock cages John in, hands and knees holding his weight above the other.
“Poor bloke. Couldn’t imagine what he might be thinking.” The doctor chuckles out into his mug before taking another mouthful.
“First… what?” Sherlock felt the other begin to lift up but he quickly stopped him, closing his eyes. He needed to take a moment or he would cum already.
“Ever stopped to think I’d want this too?” His voice sent a shudder down John’s spine as he sat straighter on his friend’s solid lap.
“Lestrade called. It may be a sorry excuse for a case but I can’t stand not doing something right now.” John notices the tension in Sherlock’s face and the billions of thoughts that were running behind his eyes. This type of erratic deduction was dangerous, because it usually ended with Sherlock using after being clean for so long.
He brings the glass to his lips and takes the smallest sip and says thank you. Sherlock sighs, walking up to John and grabs his jaw, pouring a regular portion of the wine into his mouth.
“Shit-
“So, you’re not going to comment?” John sighs out. Moments pass by without a sound.
The shorter of the two closes his eyes, oddly finding comfort in knowing the other was in his room. When there seems to be no intention from Sherlock to move, John opens his eyes slightly to peak. Eyes meet his before darting around and returning again.
Their lips lock, their bodies slotting together longingly. Every inch of their skin touched.
Behind John’s chest his heart pounds as the other moves his hand over his bicep. It was too much.
“Look up.” The brunette looked up and John’s heart jumped. Sherlock’s pupils covered almost all its color, making it abundantly clear that drugs were indeed involved.
“Hey,” John unlocks one of their hands which makes Sherlock open his eyes. The blonde cradles his face, turning it towards himself.
The other looked away, putting a hand to John’s side before motioning he was going to sit up. John intercepts him, interlacing their fingers again with a concerned face.
“Not long?” John made a pained expression before a moan was ripped out of him, that special spot in him getting hit dead on.
“You’re cold.” It was then John noticed just how warm the other’s hands were on his skin. It was as if pointing it out made goosebumps suddenly appear.
“Maybe it’s just the drug,” He smiled prettily, tongue coming out to lick his entire shaft as they spoke completely nonchalantly.
“Oh no, you don’t. I’m the sick one.
“You still manage to surprise me.” Sherlock’s voice draws the other in, dark curls lying against the bed. John’s nails trail down the other’s pale skin, pink marks following. As the seconds pass, the detective’s will to fight begins to trickle in. John leans down, lips pressing against his back all the way up to the nape of Sherlock’s neck.
“Go on without them.” A completely different tone from his shyness prior, much more like the Sherlock John knew. It was said without hesitation, a completely serious expression on his face. The baritone in his voice made John’s drugged body shake but he just nodded. Where their hands intertwined became increasingly hot. He pressed his lips to Sherlock’s steadily wrinkling shirt, moving downwards. As he got lower their joined hands followed, making him feel less alone in his exploration. He then got to his fly,
“I know alot about you, Watson. But now I feel like I know even more.” Irrational fear blossoms inside of John’s stomach, implications making him feel flighty.
“Now you’re going to tell me that you kissing me is also unrelated?” It takes everything for John to keep his voice steady, his eyes burning over the other's physique. Something has been ignited inside of John and Sherlock has the audacity to deny everything he throws at him.
What was he going to do for the next step in his experiment? Will the same man come back or another random person? He wanted John to help him initially which is way better than just having some stranger in the flat every time the other was craving information.
“I have dealt with a lot of your
“Oh, uh. Why did you scratch me?”
John curses under his breath. With electricity coursing through his body he gets up onto his knees and straddle’s Sherlock’s lap. His hands taking purchase on the taller man’s shoulders. His own actions shocked himself but whatever was in his system was not letting him feel any shame or desire to stop. The detective takes a moment before gripping his friend’s hips, pushing the other down to sit on his lap properly. That was just enough permission John needed in order to ease the uncontrollable guilt that rose in his gut.
“Continue.”
“So... would you like my hand or something?” Sherlock nods wordlessly. John sticks out his left hand and returns his attention back to the idiot box.
put away the groceries while
John tries to shake off the grip on him but is startled still when Sherlock leans forward.
Glancing over, John watches as the detective sits still for a good while. Sherlock removes his left hand from underneath and lets John’s arm lay limply over his lap. Using his now free hand he drags his nails across John’s palm, down his wrist and watches as it turns a definitive pink, his other hand not leaving the doctor’s pulse.
“Hmm.” Sherlock takes a moment to think. It is a pretty valuable skill to have. Even learning a few simple dishes could fix their petty bickering. Their energy has been so low because of poor nutrition. The task was already done and achieved in Sherlock’s mind.
John fucks his tongue into the other man’s mouth, pushing in further. The lube makes the slip easier, his cock filling the detective up. Sherlock’s walls clench and flutter around him, any movement sending him into a fit of shakes. To John’s surprise the other lifts his legs to wrap around his hips, angling him deeper. Experimenting, John slowly pulls out. Sherlock’s head slams back as he renters.
Heightened impulsivity
There was a moment of thought behind Sherlock’s eyes. He leans back into his chair and lays his hands across his stomach, giving John what he wants.
John was honestly quite nervous. He was once again under the scrutiny of his brilliant friend, of course he was a bit hesitant. But he ignores him and looks back at the laptop in his lap. The hand grazes upwards over the muscles of his bicep and squeezes. Another hand joins alongside the first, encapsulating a ring around his whole arm. He drags down until he reaches the steady hand that wasn’t typing.
He turns to the bedroom door abruptly. “You shall have the opportunity to find the answers for yourself. I came to wake you because we shall be visiting Mycroft. I am expecting his reply to my message with instructions. I thought you might like some time to prepare yourself for the meeting. I wasn’t so absorbed as to completely neglect my good manners. Watson has a hearty appetite under all circumstances.” Holmes's nose wrinkles in the most eloquent fashion, leaving John with the impression that said healthy appetite is both endearing and off-putting for Holmes.
“’s true, though,” John says immediately. “There are still people who are ignorant, of course, and sad thing is, there are still some idiots, who...But no. It’s very different than how it was. I mean than now.”
John’s heart clenches at the level tone, the nonchalant movement of the cigarette, the careful rearranging of the fringe. He feels compassion brimming over in him. He feels very angry, too, and he suddenly, inexplicably misses Sherlock to the point where he needs to cough to clear his throat.
Of course he does. He is ‘manly and bloody gorgeous’, isn’t he?
bored, you’re right about that. But I get the feeling you are, too.” John throws a not too discreet look at the drawer. “You both are, when there are no cases, no chase. He’s actually quite busy, despite all his moaning. Lestrade alone is popping in with a new case often enough.”
“Yeah,” John says. He sees Sherlock’s eyes flicker to his lips, back to his eyes, back to the lips, bolder this time.
Mycroft leans forward with surprising ease, expression darkening.
Amazingly, raising your voice at people works even better in this era. Holmes starts speaking straight away, but not before he’s given John a lopsided grin that John would have missed if he’d blinked.
19 August 1900
The man gazes at him, utterly transfixed, then suddenly throws his head back and lets out a single exclamation that sounds like
“Sherlock.”
It is midday. I am inappropriately warmly dressed for the local weather. I was in a hurry to leave, but I believe my hastiness would be to my advantage in London. I shall report to you on that tonight in person when I also intend to hand you this letter.
“Well, I’ll tell you this,” he says. “Where I come from, it’s sort of the opposite. You only have to move in with another bloke and people automatically assume you’re together and start offering you double bedrooms to stay in.”
And behind him is standing Sherlock.
“Certainly.”
“Does he play?” he asks.
Holmes’s eyes animate. “You’ve met my brother?”
John is about to comment scathingly on the need for fewer metaphors, thanks—
“My dear fellow, I do know—”
“Mycroft said,” he begins, uncertain. “He said something about the periods between the incident and your calling him growing shorter? Plural, incidents. He also said that you should know some of what he knows, too. Was it because you expected him to remember?” The last question is addressed to Mycroft.
“How?” John asks.
John really doesn’t have anything to say to that. For one thing, it’s the bleeding truth. For another, you cannot lie to Sherlock Holmes. Last but not least, John has noted Sherlock’s ‘physique’, you know, as you do, but he hasn’t
“Mycroft Holmes,” he says.
The other man fidgets, his fingers briefly dawdling invisible symbols on the mantel. His voice is quiet next.
“Erm,” John says eloquently, head shaking lightly and mouth corners going down in hesitation. “That time is a linear function? For us, humans, at least. That…what was it? That time travel is possible through wormholes, perhaps. There was something about a paradox…That you can’t go back on your time line, I think, or that you shouldn’t maybe?” John doesn’t want to admit how much of what he’s saying at this point might be coming from
He upturns his face, silently giving permission for it to be roamed by that discerning gaze. Their eye contact stretches to several seconds, then Holmes sighs.
“It’s a nuisance, of course, and it bothers Watson a great deal which makes it an issue for me as well. He is constantly worried about indiscretions. I’m afraid he is more concerned about my reputation and well-being than about his own. But when you’re known as an eccentric with no romantic affiliations and when the other party is an ex-military surgeon, adorned by a masculine bearing and his war wound, suspicion hardly ever visits, let alone lingers.”
John will take an apology, verbal or otherwise, from any Sherlock, any day.
Holmes flicks some ash into the flames and waves his hand, suddenly relaxed.
“Are you feeling all right?”
examined it apparently without realizing you were doing it, which speaks of habit. Such an alien item treated with such ease suggests lack of secrecy in its use. We can infer it is not the product of a mysterious scientific laboratory.
Holmes eyes him for a long while and chooses to leave the last word to him. He does start moving aimlessly about the room, until he arrives next to John by the ill-drawered desk. He lifts some papers away to reveal his violin underneath.
Holmes’s back straightens; John imagines him reacting like that to the news about an interesting case. The voice is all business, too.
That’s all to say, John sincerely hopes someone at this end is appreciating the refinement and the classy looks of the man in the chair across from him.
Mrs. Hudson is nothing like Mrs. Hudson—only her friendly, slightly unperturbed manner is the same. The woman who nods at John with a smile as he jumps to his feet during introductions is elderly, and it shows. Her hair is dishwater grey and kept in a dull bun; her dress leaves no trace in the memory, the crisp, white crocheted collar the one thing to refresh it. John tries to keep his eyes on her for only as long as he thinks is appropriate. He doesn’t want to embarrass the kind woman, nor himself. He doesn’t want to reveal himself as the anomaly that he is, either. It’s bad enough that one look at him and probably anyone can see he is an impostor.
There are definitely sounds coming from there, sounds like steps, like the rustle of clothes…
“Not to mention,” Mycroft speaks from his chair, “that we can place some hope in the presence of my own counterpart there, too. Isn’t that so, Doctor Watson?”
John shakes the proffered hand. “John Watson. Pleasure to meet you.”
25 August 1900
Things Watson would not like:
He is now giving John another quick once over. This one, it may be John’s fantasy, approving.
“I was planning on discussing the matter over breakfast.”
“How so?”
They look at each other. Holmes nods, his eyes big and incredibly clear under the abundant light from the window.
Sherlock suddenly moves, arm coming out of the burrow. He reaches across from John, crowds over him, his throat, its line, smell, damp, white, pulse beating—
“In this world, Colonel Sebastian Moran was apprehended exactly eleven months ago,” Holmes says evenly, but his eyes look turbulent. “I cannot profess to understand the depth and character of your own experiences at the time, but I do know something of them…since.”
“Was I right about his looks?” he clarifies.
rather than his knowledge of Physics. He’s pretty certain that thing about the paradox was real science, though. Something about meeting yourself…How it can lead to—
The door behind him creaks.
John grins. “Mycroft? I’m going to play safe and say no. No, he was just saying hello. He offered me money to spy on Sherlock.”
“You can relax,” he said. “I’ve never had such an abomination on my face and never will.” His newfound irrational resentment of moustaches settled in his heart with surprising ease.
-	The beer at The Royal Oak
an impostor or how they’ll explain his continuing presence if this situation doesn’t get resolved quickly.
Sherlock doesn’t just overwhelm John with his very person, with his explosion into John’s life that is still expanding John’s universe. Sherlock dazzles him. He steals John’s breath no matter how many times John thinks he has seen it all now. Sherlock also ties up John with ropes of questions and locks him up into a maze of confusion, without the slightest intention or awareness of doing so. He is a paradox of a man, but for John, he is the paradox of John’s needs, some of them unnamed, some of them nameless.
Holmes lifts his chin sharply, interrupting John. “Aha! The Professor has provided a few interesting cases, I’m sure.”
It swings open and Mrs. Hudson, almost obscured, lets in a tall man the size and shape of a large barrel. Despite the heaving of his chest his high brow is barely covered with perspiration. He has grizzled, coarse wavy hair and long, bushy side-whiskers that manage to draw the eye away from the excess of flesh under his chin. His eyebrows are thin yet the hairs are sticking out; currently the eyebrows draw themselves together as the staggering, intelligent eyes underneath fall on John.
Sherlock Holmes
He turns his face to the window and John watches his profile grow pallid. Holmes remains quiet for some time, then sighs, looks at John, and lifts an eyebrow. “I sincerely hope that your faith in my counterpart’s ability is not akin to Watson’s tendency to embellish my own achievements and to see me…” Holmes stares at John, then bows his head, dark fringe rustling down to obscure his face. “…with the kindness of his heart.”
John’s smile of assent is half-hearted, more in appreciation of the humour and the goodwill than in real delight. He hasn’t missed the trembling of the fingers as they picked up the pipe or as they stuffed it with tobacco from the slipper.
“How is your Mycroft?” John asks. “Do you—I mean, is your relationship good?” He has a swift afterthought. “Sorry! You must think I’m a nosey git.”
The mess of thought and emotion evaporates as John gazes at Holmes in confusion.
“Excuse me,” he says, lifting a hand. “Can we talk now and have tea later? What’s going on?”
Mycroft’s voice is quiet, too. “A young scientist in the very distant future was working on an experiment; an illegal experiment that resulted in him crossing from his own world into a parallel one. No real damage was done and the fellow was about to return to his home when an incident took place and started a chain of events, of which this situation here is only one of its innumerable consequences.”
Sherlock’s voice in the present startles him out of his reverie. “Pass me my phone.”
Holmes purses his lips tightly, giving John the easy impression of trying to stick them together with invisible glue. Pause, the longest yet, stretches between them. A gust of fresh wind finally stirs outside making the candles’ flames tremble in discordance.
John can practically hear Sherlock’s
The weak autumnal rays of sunshine make dust seem to float serenely in the air, like something out of an old black and white photograph. John’s been watching it drowsily for about ten minutes. It’s fairly hypnotic. It’s also completely unproductive but that’s fine—it’s not supposed to be productive. John is supposed to avoid any mental strain and this feels good, a part of the healing process.
Sherlock raises one eyebrow and John’s vision swims, the pieces of Sherlock’s face re-arranging for a split second into something with a completely different synergetic effect, one that jolts him alive like nothing before. For a split second only, a new face appears over the familiar features, too.
John’s regret that he won’t remember any of this doubles up. Oh, the delicious relish in proving to Sherlock that knowing a thing or two about the Solar System might come in handy!
“Of course. Just the small matter of your presence here instead of that of the good doctor whom our landlady has been accustomed to seeing. I suggest we introduce you as Watson’s distant relative on his mother’s side. He never speaks about that side of the family so any cousin appearing without notice wouldn’t surprise anyone. Your colouring would lend credibility to our story. I believe it best to say that you have spent most of your life in America. Perhaps some business with cattle? An outdoor life, most certainly. That would also explain any peculiarities of your speech, although I suggest you refrain from talking. We cannot be too careful.”
John thinks,
Holmes’s smile makes the briefest appearance on his lips, as John begins to suspect is its habit, but his eyes are unreadable while they scan John’s face.
“Yeah, I wouldn’t call any version of me, no matter how advanced the world he’s coming from—”
-	The weather.
Holmes quickly comes closer, too. The door’s speed feels sort of respectful, but its advancement is inexorable. John steps to the side to earn precious seconds, but still finds himself numb. He senses a motion behind his back and knows Sherlock has moved to stand behind him. John sees his own counterpart mirror Sherlock’s action, but John’s eyes are on Holmes’s pale face. Two flushed spots have appeared over his cheekbones.
“This is a most remarkable business, Sherlock. It’s rather a relief for me to be able to discuss it with you—a short-lived one, sadly, as you will find out in a moment.”
Let me attempt an adequate response to your request. (Or is it instructions this time?) After giving the matter some consideration I can say with great conviction that since my arrival, I have come across seventeen things you would find to your liking (excluding the breeze that prompted your response) and seven to your disliking. Here are two separate lists, on separate sheets so you might examine them and send them back with your notes. I do not expect any, if only for the fact of your not being here to be able to correct or agree. But my current situation of exile is perhaps a sound reminder that I should never take my expectations of you for granted. Nor, and that gets me to the bedrock of this unpleasant matter between us—you. I am sorry, Watson.
“Good. That’s…good. Because lately, ever since… You know, we’ve been…” Sherlock looks at his finger, which is doodling on the blanket over John’s thigh. “God, it’s really frustrating, because it is completely illogical, but it’s good. What you said, I mean.”
John needs to counter him, almost in Sherlock’s defence.
-	Mrs. Hudson’s niece, Miss Joan.
John quickly considers the likelihood of Sherlock jumping to call on Mycroft’s help, first thing.
The last thing John feels before the world evaporates into oblivion is Sherlock resolutely kissing him back.
John hums. He doesn’t bother asking how the other knows—he needs to clear up the whole gay thing. Holmes beats him to it.
John squints at him. The other holds his gaze defiantly.
“What about evidence? Have you collected any?” Holmes asks briskly and John thinks of his own clothes upstairs.
“Now,” Mycroft says, bristling with sudden efficiency. “I shan’t torture you both much longer. I spoke of the events being taken out of our hands. Not more than an hour had passed since my arrival, when a most singular phenomenon took place. In front of our very eyes the fireplace went abruptly dark. I mean completely, Sherlock—fire and smoke disappeared in a second and there was only a black...hole, I suppose, left in their place. Impenetrable black like nothing I had ever encountered before, with no shape or form. Barely a moment later the door flew open and there Doctor Watson was, standing under it and looking utterly confused. His eyes fell on us and to say that euphoria came over his features would be an understatement.
Mycroft Holmes looks at him, deadpan, then turns to his brother. “He has the same propensity for action, I see, but a rather more unceremonious approach.”
-	The lentil soup at Pine Lodge.
Mrs. Hudson serves breakfast and coffee, making polite enquiries about the length of John’s stay and his business in America. All are very skilfully answered by Holmes. John discovers that after all, he is a medic, too, like his ‘distant cousin’, travelling long distances to visit his patients. Apparently he will be staying for a few days, waiting for Watson who was ‘urgently called away just last night’ to attend to an old friend’s sick wife in Lancashire. He missed John by half an hour, ‘how unfortunate’. John suddenly wonders where Mrs. Hudson was the previous night but decides that Holmes knows what he’s doing.
John is ready to go downstairs thirty minutes later, wearing clothes that make him feel both dashing and a bit of a twit. His taking half an hour might seem like an awful lot—John has very little idea about the etiquette at
My astonishment at finding you now confine yourself to the two words in your telegram is only rivalled by my gratitude to be their recipient. I am writing from the train as you can no doubt deduce from the different pressure on some of the letters, the accidental scratches, and the different angle of some words. You would like the paper I obtained at the post office. You would most definitely not like the pencil I am using.
“I can leave my mobile phone here,” he says. “My watch, too.”
“Yes, please. Thank you, Doctor Watson. I’m gasping to be quite frank.”
“Indeed you are,” Mycroft says.
“Oh no,” Mycroft Holmes says. “Not another one.”
As soon as he actually clapped eyes on John, the stranger had stopped abruptly in his tracks, mouth giving the impression that only exceptional will power was keeping it from falling open too. He is now staring back at John from the distance of a couple of feet, visibly taken aback. The last brings John some odd comfort—the bloke doesn’t look the kind who is often taken aback, if at all.
Sherlock pulls his head back as well and regards John’s face with scrutiny that’s worrying for how feeble it is. John tries to school his features into something firm, exuding less of the utter contentment he’s feeling in his current situation. He doesn’t think he’s very successful. Sherlock’s eyelids begin to droop and his mouth slackens.
What a voice, a voice to send poets scribbling about rose petals in the morn, and that,
A distant voice reaches John in his sleep as if through thick glue. His mind doesn’t have a chance to spark to full wakefulness; it registers the use of his surname and propels him instantly upright into a sitting position. John swings his legs around until his feet touch the floor and he springs to attention, body thrumming.
“…must be the truth,” the other Sherlock finishes, making John wonder whether he had been muttering to himself. “I followed the same method to form my own conclusion,” the man adds.
He rubs his face once with both of his palms, then lifts his chin defiantly. Holmes is still watching him closely with some concern. They hold each other’s gazes for several long moments.
John gazes at Holmes, then bursts out laughing. Holmes’s dry chuckle joins him in a second.
“What I encouraged you to do,” he tells John, “is apply your own knowledge—in this case indubitably superior to my own—on the laws of nature and physics, then see what you can deduce about our situation. I am blind, John. My single excuse is the fact that I simply do not care enough for these aspects of science to keep them cluttering up my mind. Yet my brother’s venerable presence has had its typical stimulating effect on me.”
“I was that fellow,” Holmes says crisply. “Or rather, a version of me. But what was the incident?”
And what’s it all for? John has to struggle through life like a billion other men, making a constant effort to look all right, to be noticed and hopefully get a leg over. While Sherlock has the arsenal of a serial womanizer and is the last man to make any use of it. John has caught himself a time or two wishing Sherlock was, indeed, gay so that at least someone from his own sex would appreciate him. Sadly, John has stereotypes like the worst of them—he just can’t bring himself to believe that there are gay men out there who don’t have excellent taste. Of course they would notice things that even women might miss, such as Sherlock’s smooth, creamy white chest—nothing crass about the musculature—or even his nails.
John looks down at his clothes, then looks behind himself. No one’s there. “Do you mean…You mean yours,” he says, nodding to himself. His frontal lobe tingles. “I’m sorry, who are you?”
“Yeah, but I thought I’d pop back. Not as much fun without you.” His voice is a bit scratchy.
“I see.”
Only this was supposed to be the house of people his age. The little bowl and the jug, the coarse flannel he found in the cupboard, the antique furniture… That was the thing—they were not antique. They were contemporary utilitarian objects, part of people’s everyday lives. So were the modest gentleman’s ‘costumes’ in the wardrobe.
John glares at Sherlock. “And you can’t take it yourself because…?”
John purses his lips. His nod is rigid. “He was clever, yeah.”
John knows these are very deep waters bridged over by unprecedented confidence, but can’t help the lopsided turn of his mouth.
“John!”
“I expected him to think, as he is capable of doing.”
John swallows. He may have thought of Sherlock’s looks at some level but he’s never thought of them out loud, as it were. He feels himself nodding his dazed agreement.
“You have it, too, dear boy, at least some of it. You only need to apply yourself to the matter at hand. Is it possible that your fine logician’s brain has been hindered by your interactions with the gentleman here? Or is it your concern about Doctor Watson?”
John settled himself between her legs as she slowly crawled back to give him room on the bed. He could see her wetness glimmering off the soft lips between her thighs. She was neatly groomed, but with a generous covering of hair. John appreciated that. There was something about a woman with hair down there that was undeniably sexy.
“So you still at Bart’s then?” John asked. Small talk was never his strongest skill.
Sherlock stared through the glass of the morgue window in the basement of Barts. Next to him, Mycroft clutched a weeping Ms. Hudson. John stood stoically at his side. When Mycroft had first spoke the words, “She’s dead,” John scoffed.
“No,” she said flatly.
The two men returned to their respective tasks, Sherlock staring out the window, John eating his pasta. Before John had any time to really consider the implications of their conversation or what else it was he wanted to know about Sherlock’s life over the last decade the night had shifted again.
He looked down at his hand then back to Clem, disbelieving.
Sherlock sat up from his prone position and wrapped his arms around her waist, burying his face into the crook of her neck. He was still inside of her.
With love,
Then he crashed their lips together, projecting back to Sherlock everything he felt. The want. The need. The love.
With all my love,
“Sure.”
“Fuck me until you cum.” Came a ragged demand from the man below him.
A stiffness returned to Mycroft’s body as he stood straighter and peered down his nose at his brother.
Clem stood mouth agape, Sherlock with a smug sense of satisfaction. Ten minutes later they were once again gathered in Clementine’s room. Sherlock was in his spot in the arm chair, watching intently as Clem was vigorously riding John’s prick.
“Couldn’t you destabilize a country for me?”
Sherlock stood staring at her, making no move to the door. Clementine motioned to it, waving him out of the room.
John gave her a quizzical look.
Sherlock didn’t answer, just stared in earnest concentration out the window.
Instead she told him stories of Sherlock’s awkward phases. His braces and thick glasses at the end of primary school. That year he refused to wear anything but black. How they used to spend hours in the library not actually studying, but just being away from their families.
John wanted them both. He wanted to hold them and touch them and just be with them. More than anything, though, at that moment, he wanted to fuck them.
“I didn’t know I saw.” His voice was impossibly deep.
, he thought.
“I was a coward. I have regretted that decision since the moment the train pulled away from the station.”
The bright name flashed across his screen and John let out a heavy sigh.
him something?
TW: child abuse and eating disorders
“No. He—He told me I looked beautiful. He told me he wanted to feel me. I was so wet, John. I couldn't help myself. He was sliding his fingers between my legs.”
“I could watch right now.”
John was a sobbing mess. He knew he was going to cum hard and soon. It took all his strength not to collapse under the onslaught of pleasure and remain standing.
“I’m so sorry John,” he sobbed. “I was so angry. I didn’t mean any of it. Please forgive me. Please.”
Mycroft simply ignored the question.
Clumsily the two men reached for each other, bumping fingers before gripping the other’s hand tightly.
“Lean forward just a bit.” His voice was soft and gentle, but carried a thick desire that made Clementine shiver all over. Slowly she bent forward, putting a hand on either side of Sherlock’s head.
John writes to Sherlock while in Afghanistan.
The veneer had not just crumbled. It had shattered. Mycroft was a quivering blubbering mess in a chair.
Late one evening after a particularly exciting chase across London, culminating in Sherlock handing a criminal over to the Met with all of his glorious deductions on full display, they burst through the door of 221B breathless and giddy. They practically jogged up to the flat, Sherlock throwing his jacket and scarf on the ground.
“You aren’t haunted by the war. You miss it.”
Sherlock moaned as his head rolled back and his hands gripped the arms of the chair tighter. John looked at the erection pressed against his pants and his cock ached in sympathy.
“Plus, he’s kinda pretty don’t you think?” John huffed out a small chuckle at these last words, eyes still on Sherlock. Now that she mentioned it, the other man was rather attractive. He wasn’t particularly John’s type. He’s always gone for more muscular men, rugby mates and military type usually. But there was something about the specimen before him that was breathtaking. His long neck and high cheekbones gave him a refined look, while his wild mop of dark curls were begging to be gripped between fingers. And that mouth. How had he not noticed that mouth before?
“Yeah, he’s here.” She said into the device. Hitting another button, she returned the phone to her pocket. Victor looked at her tentatively.
Sherlock hailed a cab, ignoring Clementine’s protests. She grabbed his arm as a cab pulled to the curb. He turned and looked her in the eye.
Her brows knit together and she leaned forward on the couch.
After the morning romp in the kitchen the three lovers needed a moment to collect themselves. Clementine was completely wrecked, leaning against the counter watching the erotic display unfold before her eyes. She had to return to the bedroom to change her now dripping wet panties. Sherlock, after gathering himself from the table retreated to the bathroom for a shower.
“It’s not that simple,” Mycroft warned.
“Oh god! Oh god!” Sherlock gasped.
“Go on, Sherlock.” He heard John whisper in his ear. “Tell her how she looks. Tell her how wet she’s making you.”
They heaved their breaths. They licked and sucked and kissed their way over each other’s bodies. They wrapped their limbs around each other, never leaving more than a hairs breadth of room between them.
It’s been about a month since I arrived at the Kandahar base. I hope you got my first letter. I assume you are still at Baker Street. Please tell Mrs. Hudson that I miss her and her chocolate biscuits. They give us tea and biscuits here, but they are nothing like from home. The tea tastes like it was made with the laundry water (and with several hundred sweaty soldiers covered in dust getting their clothes nasty every day that is really saying something). The biscuits aren’t really biscuits honestly. I think they are some kind of American cookie. They come in a big foil bag. They just get dumped in a big pot and left out in the mess hall next to the laundry tea. So it ain’t all bad.
“Piss off.” She growled through gritted teeth.
“It doesn’t seem wise to threaten the security of your parent’s fortune does it?” She continued. “Mummy and daddy would be none too happy about you damaging their financial security would they?”
He turned on the coffee pot and grabbed two mugs from the cupboard. Then he went to the fridge to grab the milk. He turned to face the rest of the kitchen as he closed the fridge door and nearly dropped milk in shock.
As he walked through the park, cane clicking the sidewalk next to him, John envisioned his life up to this point. He had known love, companionship, friendship, and happiness. Yet all had been temporary. Not in a cursory, fleeting manner. The good things in his life didn’t float in and out. They snuck in, imbedding themselves deep into his skin before spontaneously combusting, ripping him limb from limb.
Clementine had had it. She stood up from her chair.
brother.” John stood in the middle of the kitchen looking between the three of them more confused than ever.
“You just say that because he’s smarter than you Sally.” It was Greg’s turn to chime in. “Sherlock is a genius and you know it.”
They walked into Bart’s and John was right. It did feel good to be back. He allowed himself to remember the thrill of A & E work. The rush of saving a life. It was the thing that had always kept him going. The thrill of the unknown. The rush of danger. The relief of a saved life. That was all gone now. He had been left with nothing. He clenched and unclenched his hand as a spasm gripped it. Injured in the line of duty. Medically discharged. Limping on a cane and unable to control his left hand. No. His right hand. Either way any hope of thrill, adventure, life-saving, or love was gone. What could one more walk down memory lane hurt?
Sherlock had been away at some conference. What chemists talked about at a conference was beyond John. What would possess Sherlock to attend a conference was even more of a mystery.
“Yeeeesssss,” he groaned as John entered his body.
Then suddenly John felt a searing wet heat envelop his right nipple.
They were on each other in an instant. The Brick lunged forcefully, swinging a meaty arm at The Spy’s face. True to the bookie’s telling The Spy quickly dodged and landed a shot to the large man’s kidney. The Brick brushed it off like he hadn’t felt a thing.
“I’ll be in shortly,” he suddenly heard Sherlock saying, “So don’t go stealing all the covers. You are quite the blanket hog.”
She wrapped him up in her arms and they wept together.
and why do you have my sister’s phone?”
Her voice was soft, but John could hear the slight break in it.
Clem sighed and shook her head.
“But I did hurt John!” Sherlock threw his free hand into the air, bringing it down forcefully to point accusingly at the med student.
“Um,” was all Clem to could think to say. The girl walked over and stood next to Clem, looking at the pictures.
“Oh you’re just gagging for it aren’t you?”
“Just Mycroft.”
Clementine was proctoring an exam that evening and it was just the two of them. John had just told some god awful joke that Sherlock laughed heartily at, then trying and failing to be indignant that he had laughed at such a childish joke, which caused John to laugh in return, the two descending into a fit of giggles.
“Yeah.”
“This wasn’t the only incident.”
“Of course. In your time, it is the norm for people to address each other by their first names. I should have thought of that.”
“Yes. I’m sure it does,” he says. “I’m sure such tolerance—We sometimes take it for granted, but to you it must seem…” John doesn’t have the words to finish.
Holmes swivels abruptly in his chair and points his pipe at Mycroft this time.
“Has he left the house?” he asks, serious.
Throughout their short exchange, Holmes appears very relaxed, but John has the feeling he’s also struggling with some pertinent questions. Such as whether John
“But not necessarily of the finest quality.”
“I have. He kidnapped me on the day I met Sherlock.”
“Holmes,” he says slowly. “What’s going on?”
“Do you happen to know
“I’m going to have a cuppa,” he says firmly. Holmes silently observes him out of the corner of his eye as John goes to the tray and makes himself a cup of tea.
John tries to nod and shake his head at the same time. As a result his head spins.
John knows he should object, vociferously. Discourage Sherlock once and for all, or at least tell him off for thinking of using John as an extension of his own body. But he is caught in the sound of
“Okay. Good.” John is sure he needs to pursue the topic further but frankly, he’s still in his underpants and he needs the loo. Also, yes, some coffee would be very nice. “We have a Mrs. Hudson,” he confirms with delay. “But this one here doesn’t know me. What shall we tell her?”
As if echoing his thoughts, Holmes says, “My apologies…John. I should have given you a moment to wake up. Perhaps my counterpart has more consideration, but I’m afraid I never was very mindful of others when my mind is excited. And you must admit that our current predicament, although trying in many ways, does have certain aspects to provoke the deepest interest.”
“Yes, yes, quite, Mrs. Hudson, thank you,” Holmes replies, impatient. “Could you show my brother in when he arrives?”
Mycroft’s voice floats to him like a voice from an old gramophone. “Not at all, Doctor Watson. Best of luck.”
At the thought, a rush of confidence makes him lift his eyes openly first to his host—he continues to think of Holmes as his host—then to this version of their landlady.
Holmes, meanwhile, is shaking his head at John reproachfully. “How typical! Naturally, you would manage to hear only the unnecessary detour I made to express my concern about Watson.” The tone gets even more brisk. “I thank you for your reassurance—inasmuch as knowing Watson is residing with the man you’ve described can be reassuring. Yet I can hardly hold telling the truth against you. I have every faith in Watson bearing his situation stoically.”
“Both of you,” says Mycroft gravely.
“He isn’t, although I suspect it was touch and go. No, no one’s a criminal.” John sighs. “Try not to look too disappointed. What was I saying? Oh yeah. Mycroft, kidnapping me. It’s practically how he communicates. He’s very powerful, fancies a bit of drama, too, like—”
Holmes’s eyes are staking a claim to about a third of his face. “Am I…Is my counterpart the criminal?”
His heart makes itself known. Ever since this started, John has spent a great deal of mental energy
“Let us see how you find our bacon and eggs.”
“He has a moustache?”
Head spinning like it never did even back in the days when he first met Sherlock John gets on his feet and turns to the door. A thudding series of slow steps echoes in the entire building. At last they stop outside the door.
“You have a sister? Who is married to a woman?”
“And you, Doctor Watson,” she says. “I can see the family resemblance, can’t you, Mister Holmes?”
“And I believe you, because I have no idea what we were talking about at all.” John sighs. “It’s that damn way of speaking so fancy, in a sort of roundabout way. It’s catching. Plus, you know…I didn’t want to say anything that’ll make me put my foot in my mouth.” He notices that Holmes’s lips are twitching and his right eyebrow has shot halfway up his forehead.
“I can assure you that it’s quite normal. The theatres are full of gay people and no one persecutes them.”
John turns and smiles, since the remark is obviously aimed at him. “Sugar?” he asks.
“I could point out at least ten details on your person that seem entirely out of place. There were another five indicating the mark of scientific progress very much beyond our era.” The man’s eyes droop and he stretches his legs, his whole demeanour that of a thin, languid cat that has visitors from the future every fortnight. “Perhaps now is not the time to indulge myself,” he says. “But I shall give you an explanation. May I draw your attention to that object you took out from your pocket, seemed to press some points on it, then slid it back in with an expression of disappointment?”
John opens his mouth but is saved the need to figure out what to say by the door being closed softly behind Holmes’s back.
“Being ‘gay’ is not illegal?” he says.
“It’s nice to meet you, Mrs. Hudson,” he tells her with a bright smile. She smiles back, eyes lively and crinkling further.
this has happened?” he asks, hopeful.
-	Mrs. Wythe, the tobacconist’s wife.
“Correct,” Mycroft replies. “Something to do with the ‘universes recalibrating’. I understand the term to mean to adjust to a standard. In this case, the standard being the world in which Sherlock Holmes appeared when it was not supposed to contain such an individual. I cannot testify to a full understanding of the process, but the result was the existence of a Sherlock Holmes in every world, spinning a mini-universe around himself as it were, to correspond to the original one in which there was a Doctor Watson, a Mrs. Hudson, myself, and so on and so forth.”
“People just don’t need to be that inscrutable where I come from,” John tells him softly. “Everything and everyone is quite free, compared to how it used to be.”
“Excuse me,” he addresses Mycroft, judging him the more approachable. “How exactly do you know any of that’s true?”
Neither has he shared his actual dream from last night after which he woke up with a hard-on, the kind that would impress his past eighteen-year-old self. The image of Sherlock’s damn neck, bared with the motion of his thrown back head, did not just linger—it adamantly refused to leave, a suitable representation of the man himself because in no universe would Sherlock Holmes be just a whisper. Sherlock is a shout, he echoes through John’s world, just like John’s own shout of pleasure still echoes in his own ears. As far as erotic dreams go, this one had it all: the moans, the sensation of Sherlock’s hardness in the tunnel of John’s hand and that of Sherlock’s mouth down there, the feel of it absurdly natural, as if they’d done this a thousand times. (That did not make it any less arousing—John is half-glad, half-crushed he did not wake up with an actual mess on his belly.)
Sherlock’s eyes don’t lift. “That…it’s as if I miss you. Why should I, when you’re here all the time? But I do and I—Anyway. It’s good that you’re not planning on going anywhere…”
“Oh, yes, please.”
Holmes has been called outside by Mrs. Hudson to make arrangements for John’s stay, so John has a few minutes by himself to contemplate his predicament. He knows that millions of people would give an arm and a leg to be in his shoes. John has always had a fanciful side to him—writing a blog about the adventures of a mad genius detective surprised only those who never knew him well in the first place. Okay, that’s not true. It surprised pretty much everybody, because not many people get to know him as well as a person should be known. It’s who he is. Around people, he’s always put forward his sensible, practical side. The dreamer he keeps hidden, but the dreamer is now tingling with excitement at how amazing this whole experience is.
“That was as deep a mystery as the one we’d put behind, unsolved. You had barely had the chance to rejoice in having Doctor Watson back when the fire returned in the fireplace just as abruptly as it had disappeared. I turned to you to comment that there was undoubtedly some useful data to be gathered by a close inspection of the fireplace when I saw that you were looking rather bewildered, as if you had woken in the middle of a dream. Doctor Watson wasn’t in a better state himself. I carefully questioned you both about your well-being only to find you unresponsive and barely able to maintain eye-contact. You both seemed to be suffering from some sort of shock. I made another attempt at communication but was unable to draw anything sensible out of either of you.”
