"You could join me?" He asked coyly, raising his eyebrows and waggling them.
"What?" He called out, annoyed.
On the other side, Clint wasn't even trying to make conversation. He was hungrily watching the vibrator as it moved, his hand flying quickly along his length, his other hand gripping the back of Steve's chair.
I would love to hear what you all think! Thank you all so much for reading!
"No, you don't know him as well as-" she stopped, slamming the book back on the shelf. "If he were to leave Steve, it would be because he thought it was for Cap's own good. That he was the reason behind the forcing of Steve's hand. He would find some way to
For all his bravado, Tony really hated being leered at, and in public there was no shortage of that. It seemed worse on the train, both men and women, all with greedy eyes, either knowing who he was or not. But it felt gross. At least with Steve by his side he felt safer.
"Yeah, something like that."
It hits him like a wrench to the face. "I'm dead?"
"Tones," Steve deflated, swirling his beer around in his glass and looking defeated. "I'm not saying you need to be saved. And I don't mean to speak for you, but
Leaning forwards, Natasha covered his mouth. "Just stop while you're ahead."
"Mm," leaning down to kiss him again, Tony grinned, "better get to it, Captain."
When they're at last out of view, Steve sits forward, pulling his hands from his pockets and rubbing them through his hair. Elbows on knees and a rock in his throat. He wants that.
"We'll have to tell him at some point. Preferably after Howard leaves."
Tony squeezed his eyes shut for a moment, just trying to catch his breath. When he opened them, the world was a little fuzzy, and he turned to stare out the window, blinking away the warped edges to his vision. It was draped with thick velvet curtains, a deep, rich color, and purple Christmas lights dangling along the folds. Outside, save for the sporadic slowing of a passerby, the suits stood silent and tall, like golems. Beyond, he studied the busyness of Hempstead Turnpike, the light down the road going from red to green. The lights in front of the fire station flashing yellow.
Steve winked at Howard. "Maybe!" he chirped, covering up Howard's unease. Reaching out, he pinched Tony's butt, earning him an undignified squawk and effectively moving the room's attention from Howard to Tony.
Rhodey quickened his pace, pushing past Clint, "Where is he?"
Leaning forward, Michael puts his hand on Tony's shoulder. "I want you to comprehend the dangers completely before you make your decision. And no one will think less of you if you say no."
"Yes! There are! We just haven't figured them out yet!"
No, saving Tony was all Hulk's idea. He was protective and maybe a bit possessive of Tony. It had been quite an issue when Steve started dating him, to the point where Tony had to sit in the indestructible Hulk room with the Other Guy for hours talking him down. Assuring him that just because he had entered a romantic relationship with Captain America, it didn't mean Tony would love Hulk (or Bruce for that matter) any less.
"I don't know. I guess we'll have to see." Laying his head on Steve's chest, Tony swallowed. "There's something else." He pulled back to look at Steve head on. "I want to tell Howard about us."
back to his regular life knew that
Tony sighed contentedly, "You're amazing-" he laughed, a clear sound that crinkled the corners of his eyes, "-and I'm not cold anymore."
There was a pause. "Bed or couch, sir?" Was that disappointment Tony heard in the AI's voice?
Tony is tired. He's exhausted. The trip from medical back to the tower took everything out of him. He makes no fuss when Bruce helps him take the pills.
He jabs the end button and calls again. On the television, a newswoman is speaking solemnly over footage of helicopters and the US Coast Guard surveying a burning wreck in the middle of the ocean. "Once again, we're bringing you live coverage of the wreckage of Singapore Air Flight 328 out of Singapore. We've just received notice that the black box has been recovered…"
The jet powered down, and Tony finally turned to face Steve. "Yes." Steve was openly crying, and Tony felt something inside of him crack. "I'm sorry."
I hope you all enjoy!
Steve looked impressed. "Solid hit, Nat. Awe inspiring, really."
Signing, Rhodey turned back to his menu. "For a genius, you sure are stupid."
Tony made a goofy face for the brunette's selfie. She laughed loudly, making a face herself. He stood up straight and shoved his cold hands into his pockets, "Really well! You guys are gonna love it!"
In the weeks that followed, Tony continued to deteriorate, his mood souring to the point he was barely speaking to anyone, just curling up against Steve and reading, or flicking through his tablet. He barely got any work done, though he managed to attend two Stark Industries meetings.
"Come on." Taking a few steps, Bruce turned and motioned for Steve to follow, "I'll lead the way." He held the door open as Steve entered and turned on the overhead light in the kitchen so he could see where he was walking. "Don't be mad at Tony." He said quietly, pulling back the covers so Steve could lay Tony down.
team captain."
"Peachy."
. Oh! This was wonderful!
They handed each other their clothes, dressing silently, before pressing themselves together once again to kiss, a final moment, they thought, to drink each other in. Steve held him, running his fingers through the brown hair, and peppering kisses down his neck, soft and chaste.
Resigned, Steve nodded. "I know. But you're not the one who's going to have to deal with Fury if he finds out." It was almost comical how easily Steve scooped Tony up, and even more so when Tony let out probably the cutest sleepy whimper any of them ever heard and
Tony walked slow, tip-toeing past his team mates’ doors, hoping he wasn't about to wake everyone up with a screaming match. It was what he had feared when he was sixteen, the exact reason he never said a word. Howard's face twisted in fury, the yelling, the belittling, the belt.
"Yes, oh, shit. Yes!"
Still, they had a strong fanbase, selling out venues around the world and pulling in money, despite the lack of radio play. Fury had said they were a good group to work for. Well behaved (these days), stable (these days), and kind (apparently that never changed). She knew what the files said, hell, she'd seen most of it live on television: addictions, arrests, bar fights...plus that whole debacle with Obie Stane, the mogul who created the group.
A breeze blew through the courtyard, and Bucky Barnes shivered.
He was right. He was right about it
thing," Howard began, flapping his arm backward toward the body of the dragon,
Shrugging, she picked up her glass, holding it up and leaning forward, "At least I didn't go Thor's route. Mine is somewhat believable as a regular fan."
"Killjoy."
"You don't have to speak. Just listen."
(And she'd be lying if she wasn't just
"Paulie Two Fingers. Ya know him?"
"That's not all." A flash of panic streaked across his face, Tony's throat making a choked sound as he fought down his emotions. As Howard watched, Tony's fingers gripped the counter on the kitchen island, knuckles turning white. He staggered and leaned his weight against the counter, turning into it and flattening both palms along the smooth surface. His head dropped, and a hitch of breath cut through the silence. He was waiting for Howard to acknowledge what he said.
"Guess it's been a day, hasn't it, Stevie?" Howard slurred, looking up at him, "You really hate me?"
And to the fans of this story: Thanks for sticking it out. I hope you enjoyed the ride!
"It involves the Captain. We may have a lead." Hill glances at Tony and gestures to the door, "Perhaps we should step outside."
with him!"
"Okay, so, I'm gonna-" he pointed to the hallway.
"Comfy there, Tony?" Steve asked, bent over with his head tilted so he could look at Tony the right way. Tony looked up at him with a wide, cheeky grin.
"Oh. Well. You know, I say these things out loud and the overlords of fanfiction grant my wishes."
Tony craned his neck, looking up at Steve, "Thor?"
"After you."
"Headlining?"
"Serves you right, taking a head start like that!"
until he faces what happened to him as a child! Hell, none if you can! God forbid, Clint, you talk about your parent's deaths, or your brother!"
As they slowed to a stop, Tony took hold of Steve's hands again, bringing first his left up to kiss, then his right. As he pulled it away, a flash of red caught his attention. "What's this?"
"At least we're all in agreement on
They kissed again, Steve's tongue slipping inside to taste, to memorize every part of the willing mouth so he could remember it for the rest of his life.
"She was already pissed off!" Tony shoots back, his own glare just as fierce. "Or did the fact that she
"Steve-" Tony shook his head sadly, "-I get hurt." He shrugged, his head tilting minutely. "It happens. Whether it's this or something else, it's going to happen. You can't shield me from everything."
Steve would have been concerned, he wasn't too sure how much tech they should allow him to see. Especially tech that held the name of his butler, a fact that would make Howard suspicious of their connections to him. It was something that could lead him to learning exactly who Tony was, and if Tony didn't want that… but Howard was already asleep.
He can't breathe.
As he past the couch, four heads turned to follow him, Thor and Clint noisily munching away.
"Fine!" Tony retorted back, "I'll take what I can get!"
"Don't talk about my big brother like that."
"Cryogenics? Or environmental hypothermia? Fascinating."
He's barely ten feet from the elevator when it opens. And it's not Thor or Pepper or even Clint.
"Play that back for me?"
"Monsters, aliens, gods? Nothing surprises me anymore, Agent Barton."
Steve grasped Tony's right leg, pulling it up to better fit his body against his own and slotted his left in between Tony's thighs. Slowly, he rubbed upwards, eliciting a throaty moan from the mobster.
, a suspense thriller that everyone enjoyed. Tony had taken up his usual corner on the couch, and though normally Steve would have either bodily moved Tony so he could sit behind him and pull Tony to lay on top or sit next to him to swing an arm around his shoulders, he instead took the other corner. Tony gave him a wounded look but nodded in acceptance. They could play off the close friends just fine, but outright cuddling would be too obvious.
"I really would hate to have to remodel again."
right. But he was also so,
"The love of your life is currently dead asleep on the Quinjet."
The fungus of Howard reached out and infected everything involved in Tony's life, souring even the sweetest berries.
moment?" He said, nudging her lightly, his face expectant.
They ate in the living room, balancing plates with steak, green beans, and potatoes on their laps, arguing over the finer details of whatever crime show they were watching on Netflix, Tony convinced it was the husband who killed his wife, and Steve sure it was the sister.
Sticking out his hand, Tony thanked Fury, "Keep me updated and let me know if you need any help getting things situated."
No. No. It was something else. Had Maria come to him moments before he cast that
Clint cleared his throat, "Howard, this is Colonel James Rhodes. Rhodey, this is Howard."
"Surprised? I never thought- that is...I didn't know- I mean to say-"
"Preaching to the choir!" Clint smiled. He appraised Tony for a moment, looking him over. Tony glared at him, quite sure where this was headed.
It was done by Thursday. Steve wasn't happy about it, but for his mother, he would do anything. The only consolation was that Paulie Two Fingers was an awful human being. There were rumors he was involved in the kidnapping and selling of poverty stricken children all over New York state, and the little girl he sent running from the building after he had killed the man only confirmed that.
His stomach emptied, the sound cutting through the air. So they hadn't fixed the problem, had they?
"I can't speak for the others, but I know what it's like to be judged for someone you no longer are, or in your case, have yet to become."
"And Shawarma."
Not that Tony was complaining.
"And when I come back, let's say we go for a roll in ze hay!"
As Steve followed him, the tin was being passed around, bursts of laughter trailing behind him. Thor opened the door for them, and Steve kept his distance. The man towered over Steve, and that was no small feat, and his signature hammer--a gleaming tool used to build in an honest man's hands--swung from his belt.
Steve was silent, contemplating what he was asked to do, weighing the morality of it, but also the man in front of him. He was gorgeous. Half-breed or not, Tony looked Italian, or Sicilian, he really didn't understand the difference. He had dark eyes framed by long lashes, a shorter but strong build, and lips he could pray to.
"Done!" It was hard to contain her excitement--she loved a good challenge, "Deal!" Standing, she gathered her briefcase, gesturing to the file still in Tony's hands, "You keep that, look it over. You guys won't regret this." Snapping the case shut, she stood tall and proud, conveying every bit of confidence she could. They reacted well to friendly and straightforward; she would stay along those lines. "Send me
"Thank
"You jerk! You didn't answer my call!" Tony smacked Steve's arm, but the soldier didn't even wince.
so sorry."
He takes a deep breath and looks towards the sky. It's beautiful out, and he feels good. "Let's go home, Happy."
Clint blinked. "They make their drinks really strong, Nat. There is vodka in it." She just glared at him. "This is a Russian thing, isn't it?"
Above him, the quinjet with Natasha and Clint hovered, and through his com, Clint cackled, "He looks like my eighth grade science teacher. Probably smells like him too."
Tony's eyes grow wide, but his voice is caught. He can't answer even if he wanted to.
With that in mind, he literally sauntered into the common kitchen after Jarvis informed him that Steve was home, because if you got it (the hoodie, that is), you flaunted it. "Evening, Cappy." He stalked up to the coffee maker and made sure to purposely walk in front of Steve. Let him try!
Pursing her lips, she said, "Except write erotic fanfiction about Tony fucking Stark."
Steve looks crushed but lets Natasha wheel him away.
"They will anyway," Tony added, "because we have the best fans in the entire fucking universe, but we
Tony could never stay annoyed when he was kissed. It was Steve's secret weapon, though he mostly used it to rouse him from sleep.
His face colors, thoroughly chastised by an A.I. with attitude. "Sorry, JARVIS. Meant no offence."
"The last one." His fingers twirled the spoon, dipping into the ice cream and slicing through the brownie, the cream of the melted treat pooling around the base of the brownie.
Narrowing his eyes, Tony crosses his arms. "What was that, Cap?"
"Pep! Love of my life! Jelly to my peanut butter! Crackers to my cheese! Milk to my Lucky Charms! Conditioner to my shamp-"
has quite suddenly slammed into Tony at the same speed he slammed into the desert. A litany of one thing after another, things he hadn't entirely processed like he kept claiming. He leaned on his genius to think his way through the whole situation, discounting that his emotions might just have something to say about it. "No, JARVIS, I am not fucking okay! I'm dead! Do you hear me? I'm dead!" He covers his face, trying in vain to keep the laughter from turning into sobbing. "I don't know what I was thinking, Jay, becoming a guardian angel? Am I out of my fucking mind? I can barely take care of myself!"
"Room six, Doctor Avery will be with you shortly."
"Yeah, yeah, get out of here, Platypus," Tony turned to hug him. "Thank you," he spoke into the hug, "I'll call you later."
Kissing him sweetly, Steve gently lowered Tony's legs. "Be right back." He stood, his body shaking from the intensity, and walked to the bathroom. He started a bath in the large tub, digging through the cabinets looking for bubble bath but finding some essential oils that he was sure had to have come from Pepper at some point. Tony watched him through the doorway sleepily, smiling as Steve readied towels and checked the water's temperature, adding the oils and swirling his hand to mix them.
No one could say anything to that. To the outside world, that's probably
Steve wore dress pants and a fitted collared shirt in a color Tony swore was created to match his eyes. He looked so nice, so dang respectable, that Tony actually felt a twinge of guilt at the thoughts running through his head (mainly Steve's tongue).
and sat on the bed, bouncing slightly. He motioned to the spot next to him but Tony shook his head.
Howard waved his hand, dismissing the past. "Already forgiven. You had every right to hate me. What the other me did was unforgivable.
Celebrating the holidays, Steve and Tony find bliss.
"And yet, you're still reserving your judgement of me." He trapped the counter, a look of begrudging respect dancing along his face.
All at once, Steve feels his actual age.
Tony did not know all about the subway. He had never even
"It's good to finally meet you, Tony." Behind him, Tony's new textbooks sit piled on the coffee table. He itches to read them.
"Nope." Grinning, he leaned forward, "We elves try to stick to the four main food groups: candy, candy canes, candy corns, and
Of course, nothing had been outright said about Tony's childhood, but he could tell. His brother
The man had his back against the glass doors to the landing pad and was hastily feeling around for the door handle, while Barton did his best to keep Romanoff from disemboweling him. Banner was nowhere to be seen, and that was probably for the best because Thor
"Pleasure doing business with you."
earlier than Tony.
"Thirteen, thank you."
"Barton!"
"It'll have to be. You've just returned from the dead, quite literally but also figuratively for the rest of the world. So let it calm down a little, and then you can take a vacation and get your wings."
Rhodey had said, hugging Tony tightly,
"I think," Tony swallowed, looking down at his lap. "I think for the first time in my life, I have a father who is proud of me." His eyes lifted, connecting with Steve's imploringly. "I've never had that before."
"You know what, Steve," Howard snapped, standing up straight and getting into his face as best as he could with Steve towering over him. "I'm sick of your attitude. I'm sick of you hating me for shit I haven't done yet! I'm sick of-"
"Tough. There's a cafe on Long Island that's supposed to serve pretty amazing coffee in an out there atmosphere. I've wanted to go, but only with you. You're the coffee connoisseur."
Joseph's face breaks out into a smile. "We're working on it. This version was supposed to be cool and hip to reach the newer generations."
"Come here, my love." Cupping Tony's bottom, he pulled him closer and Tony swung his left leg over Steve's body, reaching behind him to line Steve up.
Pulling off his shirt, Tony stepped further into the room, letting his hips sway in the way that had Steve's eyes following his every movement. "You
"...Howard being here?"
He smashes the parsnip into the middle of the face, almost upsetting some of the black bean smile Steve has worked so diligently on. But it stays put, which was Tony's motive for plowing it into its face so hard. Steve winces when it makes contact, but when all's well that ends well, he looks impressed.
He had taken it upon himself to inform Pepper and Rhodey of the situation. Tony wasn't about to, because God forbid he ask for help (never mind the fact that Clint was the same way).
It was nice, though, despite the annoyance of non-New Yorker tourists milling around in their slow moving, doorway blocking, picture taking way. And though they were recognized by a few, most seemed satisfied to leave them be.
. JARVIS speaks like a real person but he knows everything.
"Cocoa, huh?" Tony took a drink and hummed in appreciation. "I don't care how old you are. You're never too old for hot chocolate." He wrapped both his hands around the mug, savoring the warmth.
"Save me," she croaked, and escaped to the kitchen. She had stashed a box of cookies in there
This time, he didn't get sick. He even felt well enough that afternoon to put some time in on one of his projects.
"Sure, Tony. Smoothie and shower first? I'll join you." A brief flash of hope danced across Steve's handsome features.
Enjoy!
"I don't know," Steve laughed, "You only made me watch every single one of them a hundred times. Not sure I got enough to adequately judge."
"We haven't written or sang songs for the Top 40 demographic in years," Thor added, interrupting Steve's memories, and leaning over the back of the couch, one of the contracts still on his hand. He gestured with it. "We're considered adult contemporary now."
"The old man, I know his death is weighing on you, but, uh, maybe you could do something nice for his family? That might help?"
Tony rolled his eyes, removing his hand from his dick. This was going to be one of those long conversations, wasn't it? "Bruce. Old news."
"I'm CEO of your company, you know." She let the statement out with an air of superiority, dangling the bait in front of him, a test to his worth.
"I didn't know," Tony says again. "If I'd have known…" he shrugs and holds his hands out, palms up, in apology.
ago."
He kissed Tony's head, moving past him to set the plates down. There were four in his hand, three in Howard's. The amount adjusted to welcome their new member, the seventh plate set down in front of the seventh chair that fit comfortably between the other six.
"Excuse you, sir! Hands off the merchandise!"
"I've said it before," Bruce said as he raised his glass to toast Tony, "Tony's had a bad influence on you."
"You're doing it, Pep." Tony gave her a grateful smile. "It's just something I have to work out. This whole thing with my dad isn't helping."
"What can I say?" Howard grinned, hefting the tray and heading back to the table, "My kid's got great taste. Just look at his boyfriend."
They had just finished putting the groceries away and telling Bruce what they learned when Steve entered into the kitchen, not looking happy.
"We need this taken care of. And I don't want my fucking hands dirty.
Steve made an inquiring sound, letting his chin rest on Tony's head.
"Have we met?"
About ten minutes later, a gentle knock on the glass alerted him to Clint, standing outside the workshop in Christmas pajama pants, despite it being February, and a Halloween t-shirt. He wore Tweetie Bird slippers and held two steaming mugs in his hand. Tony told Jarvis to let him in. It wasn't like he was working anyway.
He held him hand up, silencing her. "Number one, fuck you and whatever horse you rode in on, number two, give me a second to get over this heart attack,
"Sometimes he's helpful."
But was it enough to entice Steve? That was most likely a no. The soldier was almost stereotypically heterosexual.
"Thank you, Jarvis. For being a meddling fool."
"And?" Tony asked, pulling back a bit too look up at Steve. "If Bruce can't figure it out? If we can't find the book or there's nothing in there to get him back?"
"I just wanted to make sure you're handling this," Pepper handed him a water bottle, taking her seat behind the desk.
Honestly, he didn't know how anyone put up with them if they were like this after only a day apart, but Steve wouldn't trade it for anything in the world. He reached around, fingers finding where they were connected. Tony's rim was stretched wide and dripping with the spend from Steve's previous orgasm. He moaned, the pads of his fingertips pressing against the muscle and rubbing upward to stimulate Tony from the outside, pulsating against his perineum.
"Definitely. They know who's buying the most tickets. You'll do a 45 minute set; I recommend a mix of the old and new, because there will be some younger people there or an older crowd who could be swayed by a good live show-"
"Like what?"
He glances up at Joseph, who only gestures to him to continue reading. Tony turns the page.
On the cover is a group of four angels. They're laughing, two with their arms around each other, their wings in various stages of open. It looks like the front of a college brochure. In bold letters at the top, it reads—
Coming down, Tony removed his fingers and released himself, laying, for a moment, with his legs dropping to the cushions, hands splayed, and chest heaving.
Tony loved wearing Steve's clothes. They were comically big on him, but that was half the comfort. He tugged the hood up and pulled the sleeves over his hands, letting Steve tuck him in, adding extra blankets on top of the smooth duvet.
If it worked for toddlers, it worked for Tony.
had their phones out. "Have ya learned nothing!? Put ya damn phones away!"
"What do you mean he broke up with you?"
The muted sounds of the television drifted down the hallway, peppered with sparks of Howard's laughter and Clint’s light snoring. Steve moved slowly, not at all interested in facing Howard again. He had thought he was at peace with the man. Had thought his reconciliation between the Howard he knew and the Howard that hurt Tony was complete. But the sounds of his voice: his exclamations over the new technology, coming clearer with each step Steve took; the drunken chuckles he could discern between the flips of the channels… They ripped the scars back open. He had
It was somehow so innocent to witness.
"You all been doing a lot of talking about us, haven't you?" Tony said, his face unreadable.
He waited until they were just a few minutes outside Manhattan before he said anything. Steve sat next to him in the cockpit, sketching idly while Tony navigated the quinjet. Occasionally, he would look up and smile, hiding what he was drawing. Tony hated to crush him, but it had to be done.
, Howard was confused, hurt, maybe a little angry? He didn't know. But he stumbled back, hitting the door frame.
"I recommend the
Pouring two glasses of milk, Thor handed one to Tony and sat next to him. "I believe in celebrating the little things. Smelling the roses, right?" He asked, looking to Tony for confirmation that he used the saying correctly. Tony nodded. "Cake is glorious. And it gives us a happiness that can lift our spirits, if only for a few moments. But sometimes, that is all we need, no?"
"Tony!" Rhodey fell back against the couch, letting his head drop back. "I rue the day I met you."
He feels the blood rush from his face. "Captain America? Look, I get the fascination, but my father couldn't find him—"
"He has not," Steve mumbled into his beer, but he was smiling, looking pleased.
Steve snorted, "Thief." He hitched up onto the counter, swinging his legs and kicking the bottom cabinets, smiling at Tony.
. There was no playing around with that. There could be no bending the definition of the actions that vandalized Tony's childhood. They couldn't just will away the repercussions of abuse and casual neglect. Tony bore those scars daily. In everything he did! In his false bravado, his charm, his desperation to be
"Besides the obvious?" She smirked, leaning forward, her eyebrows raised.
Steve's eyes light up, studying their creation, and he snaps his fingers. "I know!" He unwinds his scarf- "Poor guy looks cold. Let's warm him up," -and wraps it around the snowman's neck. "And maybe someone who needs it can come and take it."
? Cake." Or apple pie. If she kept saying it, it might just come true.
Tony, Rhodes, you probably know that better than me. You've actually
For a moment, Tony was stunned, and Steve was sure he had judged the situation wrong, that Thor was going to bust in and take him out, hitting him over and over with his hammer until Steve's face was unrecognizable.
It's only just over a week later when Coulson descends the steps into Tony's workshop, holding a visitor's pass and a flight itinerary. "You're coming with me to SHIELD to meet Natasha and Clint and to hopefully get a job consulting so you can be near them as well."
Natasha audibly sighs. "His nanny when he was little."
Fucking malarkey, if you asked him.
Twenty-six pounds and four months later, Tony found himself at an upscale hotel in Boston, the other Avengers standing around him in solid support. No one knew why Tony Stark had a sudden interest in donating to the National Celiac Association when it was announced or why he was set to be the keynote speaker at the conference that began that afternoon.
Steve was just approaching the revolving doors to the tower when he saw Bruce walking up, "Breakfast?" he asked, a guilty smile on his face.
"I'm… adjusting," Howard answered, and Bruce was pleased to hear a note of honesty in his voice. "Where I come from, it's unacceptable. But if I've learned anything from my days here, it's that the future holds one thing we didn't think possible in my time."
Steve's hand slid around Tony's waist, pulling him closer, and moved his head to kiss down Tony's neck. Tony sighed, tilting his head to better accommodate, and let out a groan that had the soldier gripping him tighter; Steve felt so warm. He licked a line up Tony's neck, pulling back to speak. "I like you in my clothes."
"Probably. I have to go, babe. I'll talk to you tomorrow." He made to move his arm from Tony's grasp, but the smaller man just clung on tighter. "Tony," he consoled. "It's only one night."
"No. You can't loop through time, at least not with this spell." Frowning, Fury looked at Tony when he spoke next. "Instead it creates two of the same person, splitting them. One continues on track, and the other gets to travel. The problem occurs when you examine the split."
"Where is-?" It's been barely fifteen minutes, and his eyes dart back and forth.
"That's because you did."
"All part of my charm, Rogers."
As Steve lifted Tony and braced him against the wall, Tony closed his eyes and savored the feeling of Steve pushing inside of him for the last time, the feeling of fullness, connection, and completion. He wrapped his arms around Steve's neck and stared into his eyes, allowing himself to drown in the depths of a blue he could never put a name to.
"Holy shit."
the post-coitus he envisioned for their morning rendezvous.
"Gross, right? Even at a Whole Foods. I try not to think about it."
"Forget them," she spoke softly. "They don't know, and they'll feel like shit when they do."
Tony was practically cackling. "JARVIS, insult Clint again."
He had a lot to think about though.
"Right." Steve turned and started walking, not sparing Tony another glance. It had been awkward between the two; Steve avoided Tony whenever there was a chance they'd be alone together, hurrying off, claiming some unfinished business or a prior obligation. Each excuse getting worse than the last. This had to end.
Tony wrapped his legs around him, holding onto Steve's shoulders and laying a chaste kiss on his neck. "Glorious, glorious porn."
"I'm...processing. What else?"
Prompt: Soulbond
"You will not cut my hair, little sister. Who then will allow you to play with theirs and use those quaint little bows?" He felt her go still and, trusting she would calm, gently placed her back onto her feet. "Now, tell me what this is about?"
Chuckling, Tony nodded, "Yeah, they'll help."
Tony gave
He read everything. The classics, the contemporaries. Books of poetry, trashy drug store novels. Tony read whatever he could get his hands on.
"Ya gotta eat something, doll."
"His nose! Cut off his nose to spite his face!"
Steve sighed, knowing he was right. "We can alternate. Because there's no way in hell I'm sleeping without you."
"Come on," he said, taking Tony's hand and leading him to the door.
"Right, you don't like me either," in Howard's drunken mind, for whatever reason, this was funny. He laughed. "I'm the most hated man in- where am I again?"
, for once, that he didn't need to get himself.
He didn't turn the lights on as he entered the bedroom like he usually would. Didn't instruct JARVIS to raise the blinds. Instead, he placed the tray on the table in the corner, the sandwich, cookies, and fruit salad able to withstand a little longer without being eaten, and gingerly crawled on the bed next to Tony. After he settled himself, facing Tony and also on his side, he lightly tapped the bridge of Tony's nose. It was something they had done for years, how they woke each other up.
This time, the smack was harder, leaving a red hand print. "Tell me you fucking love it."
Tony mock gasps, "Steven Grant Rogers! Such language!"
"I want you both to. Come on him. Dirty my little whore up."
The butter knife was sticking out of the wall, handle still vibrating with the intensity of the throw. Howard felt the blood rush from his face.
"Agreed," Steve said, giving up on the box and sliding it behind the trash can. "I'll let him know what we're doing."
"I don't care how much merit it has, I'm not upsetting him more than necessary."
Tony and Howard emerged a few minutes later, Howard holding onto a pair of pajama bottoms and a Slayer t-shirt. "Just leave them by the door," Tony was saying of Howard's borrowed clothes. "I'll get everything washed."
(See the end of the chapter for
Happy was waiting for them outside, ready to close the doors behind them and drive off quickly to keep Tony from the public view as best as possible.
Tony pulled his phone out and refreshed StonyFan1918's page, whooping loudly when he saw a new story, his cock already stirring.
"Not until you tell me why it is that you are trying to slay this man!"
Tony was curled up on his side, his head tucked down, and Clint smiled sheepishly at Bruce, patting Tony's arm awkwardly. The genius made a soft sound, adjusting himself minutely. "Wouldn't want that." He kept his voice low but still filled with his usual brand of cheek. "And it was dangerous - though in the most fun of ways - which means we put the love of Steve's life in peril."
be a freaking travesty?
"We like clichés." Natasha smiled and made a 'go on' movement with her hands. As he opened the sliding glass doors, he heard her whisper, "movie's about to start! Dim the lights!"
"Hey! No throwing fruit!"
and it felt like sweet progress. He should never have waited as long as he had to get checked out.
it's like the entire world shifts. He didn't believe it, but standing there as Tony entered the guest room, something swelled up inside of Howard.
"Thank you, Tony," Howard said, just as quietly, as if he spoke loudly the spell between them would be broken.
She frowned, looking contrite. Hah.
"It happens more than we'd like it to."
He found an easy camaraderie with him as well. They had a similar goal, the same interest. They both loved Tony fiercely, and on the occasions Bruce and Rhodey were alone together, the genius was often the topic of discussion. Rhodey doubted he'd be friends with Bruce otherwise, but he did genuinely like the man. Despite the whole Hulk thing. But if Tony trusted him, then Rhodey trusted him.
"Any idea where he would be?" Bruce asked, crossing his arms, completely unaffected by the live fuck show he was witness to.
Throwing the dirty rag into the sink, Steve removed the kettle from the stove and pulled out three teacups and saucers from the built in hutch in the cabinets. It had entertained him to no end when he first saw it, that Tony would have a proper bone China tea set, particularly in a cute floral pattern, and especially because Tony was all about giant mugs for his coffee. But the set had belonged to his mother, and her mother before that. It contrasted with everything else in the kitchen, but somehow, that worked.
Shucking off his suit jacket, Tony interrupts him. "I know, it's okay. We have a lot to discuss; just wait until Philip is gone."
"You'll be the first to know."
kotenok."
That never bodes well for Tony, and his heart drops. Which—
She was gentle, as much as she could be anyway, but Natasha shoved Tony into the backseat and slipped next to him quickly. Happy shut the door and moved faster than Tony had ever seen him back to the driver's side.
"Steve," Howard tried to find his voice, "Tony?"
"You know," Fury continued, "you're a valued asset to this firm, but you don't
Tony laughed loudly at that, "I love when you get all spiteful, J," he pulled away from Steve, turning to the cabinets to set the table, but Steve was having none of
"He's trying to protect me."
"I need your name, sir."
"And what I want is to lick you open."
Backing up, Steve turned and laid Tony out on his back, crawling up onto the bed with him. "I just need you right now, Tony. Please."
"Tony," Coulson says sadly after studying the designs, "this thing killed you once."
He was actually giggling, snapping goofy photos of himself and feeling like a kid again, when movement by the door to the hallway caught his eye.
"Zoom Zoom Juice?"
"No, Jimmy," he said, using his hand to bat away the offered drink. "You never dip into your own supply."
"How'd you do it?"
Tony pointedly says, grunting as he hefts it up and onto the body. "Stupid super soldiers and their stupid strength." He's teasing, and he knows that Steve can tell by the mirth dancing in his eyes.
"What do you mean?"
He chuckled, "no promises. Bye, Pep."
Tony gave a quiet chuckle, "Touché. Hey," he started, letting his elbow rest on the table and pointing to Clint, "You think that Natasha chick knows what she's doing?"
Fury nodded solemnly. "It wasn't your hand, not in the literal sense -- it was the other Howard. But it's still the repercussion of your actions."
." He wrote. "
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony turned so his back was to Clint's, "serious face!" Clint threw his head up and gave a pout, sliding his sunglasses down at the last moment. She handed the phone back, not a single glint of recognition on her face.
Howard had been so proud to learn of Tony's accomplishments. He spoke with wonder over his genius. It had felt so good to get that recognition he had craved for years growing up under the abusive version of that man. It was something that had followed Tony to adulthood, that need for approval. The thought of losing what little acceptance he had attained was frightening, but if he wasn't the one to inform Howard of their relationship, the chances of keeping that dropped significantly.
"I don't know, Bruce might."
Shaking his head, Tony looked at Steve, his eyes large and begging. "No. You both are too much at odds. It won't help. I'll-" He took a deep breath, preparing. "-I'll go by myself."
"Tony! Tony! Can I have a picture?"
"Thank you. Now," he grinned up at him, "did I hear mentions of coffee?"
"Oh, oh, fuck. Steve, oh god, Steve!" He rambled, letting go of his cock and cupping his balls, rolling them to elongate the pleasure. He dropped his feet, letting the heels dig into the mattress, and let out of guttural moan, shaking with the intensity of his orgasm.
Steve chuckled, "No one knows me like you do."
"Have you tried eliminating gluten?" The woman asked.
He tries to stand, lifting from one knee, but as soon as he touches his left foot to the ground, sparks of white hot pain shoot up through his foot and ankle into his leg. The sound that leaves his mouth is something he'll take to the grave.
For one, it seemed Steve had a new team. Two, apparently a massive battle had taken place in New York, and three, he was either in 2012, or sometime after, depending on how old the clipping was.
"I had my eyes opened. I came to realize that I had more to offer this world than just making things that blow up. And that is why, effective immediately, I am shutting down the weapons manufacturing division of Stark Industries."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Pep," Steve started, sitting up. "Tony's sick."
"I'm not ready to go back to the tower yet," Steve was saying, wiping his mouth with a napkin. "Honestly, it's so nice out, it'd be a shame to head back indoors."
, only half Sicilian on his mother's side, but no one was as ruthless, as intelligent, and as cunning. He had slaughtered his way to the top of the Randazzo family, taking what he knew belonged to
Thor tilted his head, an approving look across his face. "That is very astute."
Crossing his arms over his chest, Tony nodded. "Fine. But I get to eat as many cookies as I want." Lord knew how he did it, how he was able to push aside his frustration with the two of them and crack a joke like nothing had happened to begin with.
Sorry this is a little late today! I had a birthday parade!
Fury took his hand and shook it, firmly. It hurt, but Howard supposed he deserved that. He didn't wince. "A Howard Stark that actually takes responsibility for his actions. Never thought I'd see the day."
that caught his attention. The voice was familiar. But it wasn't Tony's.
"-Because they value their lives."
"I mean, I guess we can get the assassin twins on it. Or clue in someone from SHIELD that we can trust to keep their mouths shut," Steve supplied.
"Uh. No. Think he'll be mad?"
Those words caused Tony's heart to drop. He hated to admit it, but he had been wishing that maybe, just maybe, Steve felt the same about him, despite the fact that he knew better. Obviously, he was wrong.
"You and I, we're meant." Steve sits up straight, but he doesn't take his eyes from Tony's. "Take a leap, Tony. Good night." And he's gone, slipping through the door as silently as entered.
He had no chance to finish as Steve finally skidded to a stop in front of Howard, screaming through his com, "Thor! Now!" He shoved Howard hard in the other direction. "RUN!" he yelled, dodging around him to lift Tony into his arms. "Thor's going to fry him!"
And not just any man, but Howard Stark's son.
What made him think nothing of striking - no! - beating
"Me too," she agreed, taking the steps two at a time. They walked through the main concourse of Penn and took the escalators up to street level, emerging onto the 34th Avenue side and heading left to her favorite hot dog vendor. "Should we get enough for everyone?"
Butterfingers piped up from the corner, another sound blatantly asking what was going on.
Rolling her eyes, she stated, "You had a bowl of Rice Chex this morning, and your weight in coffee."
Aliens invaded and attacked NY; surely the public would find a time traveling Howard Stark easier to swallow?
That brought a laugh out of Tony. "Ass backwards, but I'm all for it." Wiggling his butt just a little, he demanded, "So, get on with it already!"
"That's really lame. I thought better of you."
"He is understanding and open to the notion that his ideas are antiquated." Thor paused, and she could hear him shuffle around, something weighing on his mind. She waited him out, refusing to say something before he did. "I think-" he began again, "-that he is coming to his own conclusions as well. That Howard is not just saying these things but believing he needs to change and adapt. He is not the man that I thought him to be."
"Am I wrong for pushing this?"
Tony scoffed, "You are
"Goody. It's been a while since I've been on Fury's bad side."
While Tony bathed, Rhodey dug through his dressers, plucking out a Slayer t-shirt and a pair of well worn jeans. They were past the point of modesty with each other, so he didn't even think twice about going through his underwear drawer as well. By the time Tony emerged from the bathroom, Rhodey had the clothes laid out on the bed and was rifling through Tony's closet for a hoodie that
"Brat."
Steve smiled and kissed his forehead. "I love you too."
"Since I made fun of your dad bod, I'll let that slide."
"-is unforgivable. But he only holds power because you continue to let him."
I'm surprisingly very sad about ending this.
His sobs have turned into weak heaves when he feels a hand on his shoulder.
Tony sat next to him. "Hey."
"Tony, what are you talking about? Your father materialized out of thin air. Of course you were upset!" Steve started to reach to take him back into his arms, but Tony deftly dodged him.
"See," he argued, "both you and Steve seem to think I wield some great power to completely alter your world."
"You idiot!" He yelled, but there was a smile on his face. "Don't ever, for one second think you're not good enough for me. Oh, for Christ's sake, Tony." His eyes rolled to ceiling in exasperation, "I love you! And that means loving all of you! You think I don't got issues?”
"I can't do that, Howard. You know that."
"I should hope not!" Steve laughed, a tint of self-recrimination audible around the edges, "What did you find out?"
Rhodey smiled kindly, his brown eyes soft and full of all the love he had for Tony. "Whatever you need it to, Tones."
Steve shook his head, "All in the past. If anything, you've helped to make us stronger. We both had a lot to learn."
"Oh my god, WHY ARE YOU IN MY UNDERWEAR DRAWER! IS NOTHING SACRED?!"
"It should be."
It wasn't hard to see how Thor was looking at Tony, worry creasing his usually jovial eyes. Natasha looked at the god surreptitiously and shook her head. "Later," she mouthed. Thor nodded and looked back at Tony.
was the point if one wasn’t relevant? That's what brings the money in, that's what sells the records, that's what-
"Fine, but you owe me," Steve conceded, "Tony and I want that cheesecake you make."
Steve's eyebrows knitted together. "What's that?"
"Come on, Tones. Open those eyes for me."
Stars he's never seen before.
"Are the civilians evacuated?"
"Ouch. Low blow."
Nipping at his jaw, Steve pulled back, again almost the whole way, and thrust forward hard, snapping his hips in and out, his balls slapping against Tony's skin,
to," she answered easily, mocking his words from before. The sass of the comment was covered by Clint making farting sounds, and she threw a disgusted look at him.
"I'm sorry," Rhodey said, sounding not at all apologetic, "but I will continue to refer to you as Mr. Stark. You see, I don't like you. But apparently you're useful. So I'll hide my contempt." Howard was rightly taken aback by that, and Rhodey suppressed a grin.
were only some of the words he had used to describe him. Before he had met the man, back when Captain America was still just a legend who died heroically, Rhodey had looked up to him, had wanted to
Mind made up, Howard slid off the bed and padded silently to the hallway. Small lights at the baseboards led his way. There was a chance that Steve was already asleep, but if he knew the soldier at all (and maybe he no longer did), Steve was laying wide awake, his own thoughts spinning around like a carnival ride. He took a moment to prepare what he was going to say (he wouldn't call it groveling, but that's what it was) and knocked three sharp raps on the door, pushing it open without waiting for an answer.
He was the speeding car on an already damaged road. The ship sailing through a hurricane he already knew was coming.
half of this?" Steve flipped his palm open and thrust it toward the menu. "I never knew German food could be so complicated."
Clint sighed dramatically, "Always the bridesmaid, never the bride!"
Steve feels pride in that. He presses his lips against Tony's forehead and continues until Tony's eyes flutter open, vastly more lucid than he has been.
"I'll show you chewy!" If Steve found himself with an armful of Tony, well, he considered it mission accomplished.
She smirked triumphantly, "Low blow? Thought you liked that."
Was he ready at that second? No. He wasn't. Then again, when would he be? He was about to come out to his father, something he couldn't even do in his teens when he first realized his sexuality went both ways.
"Why are you telling me this?"
. But as much as he chastised himself, as upset as he was over hurting Tony's feelings, he couldn't help the
Lifting Tony from the chair, Steve stood, letting gravity drop him on his dick. Tony keened, his arms flailing to grapple at Steve's shoulders. Stilling his body even though Tony's hips never stopped trying to rock on his cock, Steve leaned close to Tony's ear. "Can you read the chart for me, Mr. Stark?"
Not that it didn't feel good, because it did. Being inside Tony was exactly like what Steve thought heaven felt like.
"Yes." There was no hesitation. His brown eyes connected with Steve's, open and honest in his answer.
"Handsome fella."
The man who entered was tall, dark skinned, and handsome, and had an eye patch. Howard wasn't expecting that last part. Nor was he expecting the man's jaw to drop and a loud exclamation to cut through the terse silence on the room.
"Bucky?"
When Rhodey was finally allowed inside, he was calmer and more level headed. The fly over was filled with panic and imaginative scenarios on how Tony could have hurt himself this time. And just how bad it could be.
"No," she said slowly instead, "but close. This is New York, guys. Both of these shows. It'll be a rough weekend, you don't need to headline two shows back to back in one weekend in June when you're
He expects reprimanding because, really, he's asking for it. But Joseph just chuckles. "Joe is fine if you're comfortable with it." Then, sitting in the armchair, Joseph hands Tony a thick pamphlet. "Michael should be here shortly," he says, sitting back after Tony takes the pamphlet from him, "he wants to ask you personally. But I don't see the harm in cluing you in."
Crossing his arms at the bottom of his own shirt and pulling it off on one fluid motion, Tony laughed, his discarded shirt joining Steve's on the other side of the bed. Steve immediately bent down to kiss the center of the arc reactor. He couldn't help it. It was still the most beautiful thing he'd ever seen next to Tony himself. He missed that blue light. Tony's hands sluiced through Steve's hair as he sat up, his eyes reflecting that light. "You. I'm calling you old, my grumpy old man." He deflated slightly, shoulders slumping as he let his forehead rest against Steve's, arms coming up to frame the back of Steve's head. "I missed this. Teasing you. Kissing you.
Make your own mechanical abomination. This one's mine!"
text. It's in the kitchen. I think a visit from SHIELD would help aid the New York Public Library in permanently relinquishing it to us."
"Good, because you guys will probably have to save us again at some point." And Tony laughed loudly at that, the woman looked happy that she managed to get him smiling something real. "Just don't forget: Rich, famous, smart, superhero? Doesn't matter. It's your damn body." She looked at Steve, "Make sure he gets that through his big head!"
His snicker was entirely involuntary - at least that's what Tony told himself. "Hungry how?"
Turning back to the fruit, he picked up the fork and speared a blueberry. So, this Tony guy was forty-three. Just about a year younger than he was now, but that meant nothing. Howard did the math in his head, he'd be 53 the year Tony was born. That was 1970, a full nine years into his own future. The age-gap was fairly large, how the hell would he have been able to come in contact with Tony enough to hurt him? Unless he was… Nope. He wasn't going there. That was impossible. But they did
"You'll be the death of me."
Leaning up, Steve reached over him to pull open one of the nightstand drawers, "Don't even try to tell me it's not in here." He sassed, grabbing the bottle of lube, He turned back to Tony, holding not only the bottle, but the dildo and the vibrator. "And what's this?"
"Pepper says I'm walking iPod; I have a song for everything."
Tony used Steve's arms as leverage, anchoring himself through their clasped hands, and pushing up and down, his body rocking, and his legs trembling. "Steve," he let his head roll forwards, "fuck, Steve." His breath was coming quicker, the muscles in his abdomen flexing and releasing with each slide of his body.
"Yeah, me too. But the good news-" Steve said as he sat up, "-is that we don't have to worry about that anymore."
"Password?"
Morning brought sunshine and a pissed off Pepper Potts. She scurried around the bedroom, with no regard for the two sleeping men in the bed.
"Oh, look, our stop!" Tony interrupted, tugging Steve's shirt sleeve, "We have to go! Sorry! Thank you! Bye!" And he pulled them out of the train car and onto the platform, waving sheepishly as the doors closed. God, he was so awkward at times, especially after becoming Iron Man. Show your heart to the public and the facade just breaks the fuck down, doesn't it? "Let's go see some lines painted on canvas."
Tony grins. Standing in the center of the room is his mentor. Coulson is average looking with a friendly face, his black suit nondescript and his wings clean and gently folded at his back. He has a full head of black hair and grey eyes. "Coulson it is. And you can call me Tony."
"Breathe slowly, Anthony; it's almost over."
"You know, baking is basically chemistry."
Steve shook his head, "He's a science guy like you, I doubt he's dabbled in magic," he paused, "worth a shot in asking though."
Tony squeezed his eyes shut, picturing Steve's face between his legs and came. Shouting his name and arching as his come spurt, never stopping the movement of the toy inside him.
And maybe that was why she was fighting so hard to give it to Tony. Going against everything she had thought about Howard Stark and pushing for a reconciliation. It wasn't going to be the typical father and son relationship, but it could be the closest Tony would ever have to something akin to normal.
"This is me shutting up, sir."
Reaching down, he cupped his testicles, rolling them softly and groaning. Steve's hand could cover them completely, wrap around them, stroke them carefully, or tug on them wantonly, stopping Tony from coming, edging him.
you want bacon?" Hands on his hips, Steve cocked his head to the side, he did well enough to look the vision of an annoyed and harassed boyfriend, but Tony knew better.
"He's got a blue light," Howard insisted, clumsily shrugging off his suit jacket.
"Also, who is Cara? Inquiring minds want to know."
"Amen, sister!"
Maria Hill shot her a look and sat. "When were you all going to inform SHIELD that Howard Stark had traveled through time?"
"You dirty, dirty old man."
"You're a reckless fool, and I should walk away from you and save myself the pain of ever losing you." Tony feels Rhodey's arms tighten around him, showing him that no matter what he says, Rhodey isn't going to let him go. It's comforting and precisely what Tony needs.
"He would overflow, Steven. I would continue to pump into him until I climaxed again, letting the wetness push out and slide down his legs."
"Steve!" Tony cried out, he tried to slip off his lap but was restrained by the tight hold on his hip. He gave up, hiding his face as the door opened and groaning as Steve rubbed back and forth over his sweet spot.
"In you. I want to come in you! Fuck. Please!"
"I just can't seem to keep the food
Eyeing the folder critically, Natasha responded, "With all due respect, sir, I have no loyalty to any of these people. I go in, do my job, and get out."
She made it back to the checkout in record time.
"Why not you?" Steve inquired, leaning forwards.
Tony claps Clint in the back as they leave the range, "If it's any consolation, you're the only two."
"Hungry?"
"Smooth like butter." Tony snarked as he and Steve made their way past them.
"No frills, I respect that." Opening the fridge, he finally answered her previous question. "Natasha is hunting down the book I used to get here, Clint is at SHIELD looking through their archives for information, and Bruce, Steve, and
"Asking Google, Stevie?" Tony wasn't sure why he teased Steve so much. Did he consider it flirting? Was it flirting when the other party had no idea you were into-
"Well," Thor started again, "you were on your own then. The label was jerking you around and…" he paused, "you didn't have me to fight in your corner. I'm sorry for that. But I can't change it now."
Shaking his head, Rhodey boinked Tony on the nose with his cookie. Twice. Like he was waking him up. "Nope. You survived. You broke through to the other side. You may have at one time been a victim, but not anymore. Not now."
"Wants me in as a consultant."
"Who is it?" Tony called from the kitchen, his voice filled with unease.
And he was gone. Rhodey gathered Tony up, cleaned his face, tucked him into bed, and lay next to him, letting the trembling child cry on his chest until he fell asleep, exhausted and weary and still
"It's celiac," Natasha clarified.
"Yes. I want you to fill my prescription, Dr. Rogers."
Steve
Natasha is on the floor by his head, leaning against the couch. She's reading.
But she wasn't listening. She tossed a pair of clean jeans and briefs at him. "Keep the hoodie on; it's adorable. But change your pants." And walked back to his dresser to pull out a pair of socks.
Hope you all enjoyed! Please let me know in the comments what you think!
"Yes! See? I knew you were smart," cheeked Tony, lifting the door to the dishwasher and clicking it closed. He turned the knob and hit start. "One of the greatest movies ever made. Right, Steve?"
"Tony's!" Bruce could feel the edges of his vision going green, and he shook his head, trying to shake away the Other Guy. Hulk was probably as protective over Tony as Steve was. "This isn't a you versus Howard thing, Steve. The only side we should be on is Tony's."
He decided to take a page from Tony's book: blunt honesty. "Am I taking a risk talking to you?" It was a rhetorical question, and he continued on before Howard could answer. "Yes, I am. But Tony is my best friend, and I have a duty to protect him. Watch what you say, and maybe we can all get through this without a big green incident." He glanced over at Thor, who was busy pouring a gross amount of sugar into a teacup.
During breakfast, Howard starts to put some pieces together. Tony is still a piping hot mess. But who can blame him?
"It's spellwork," Steve began, pulling the pot he was stirring off the stove and setting it aside on an unused pot-holder. Tony gave him a quizzical look, and Steve shrugged and shook his head, "He used magic, Tony. It's connected to my pin. As soon as I touched it again, it pulled him forward through time to me."
In the bedroom, Natasha had laid out a pair of jeans and a plain black t-shirt. She had also been through his underwear drawer--of fucking course--and had set out a pair of briefs and a pair of socks. Emerging from the closet, she tossed a grey zip-up hoodie onto the pile. It was one of Steve's, worn, and comfortable.
"I am proud of my tush."
"That had to have gone over well," Clint was giggling into his glass. Evidently, a completely wasted Barton was more open to the idea of Howard.
okay with it. Steve Rogers was
Hands hovering over the cinnamon, Bruce grunted, annoyed, and dropped his arms to his side.
"It's chicken nugget day, dude; let's go!"
Steve was conflicted. If what Tony was saying was true, they really weren't all that different. He had taken a hit job to try and save his Ma, and Tony had taken over the
Huh."
that didn't come with a contract, even if he never admitted it out loud. She saw him on the days his anxiety rang so loudly he could barely leave his bedroom, and she saw him triumphantly beat it all.
"I know. But you're not alone here. I'll make you your own workshop, and we'll find you meaningful work, and obviously, you can live here." As happy as Tony felt, he knew Howard was going to need time to adjust, just like Steve had. "I'll get you your own apartment. Floor. Whatever. Other than the guest room, we're kinda out of space on the Avengers floor, but there's plenty to be had in the tower. You have a home here."
That startled a laugh from Tony. "Is he?"
say is… give it time. You're only human, Steve. You're a good man, a really good man. Your heart is huge, and you always try your hardest to make everything okay. You're going to be all right, eventually." With a squeeze to Steve's shoulder, Tony lets go and stands up. "I think we both need a distraction, don't you?"
Steve got a mischievous look on his face. "Same fam."
Instead, he relieved himself, washed his hands, and crawled back into bed.
From his head, Tony plucks his thick, designer woolen cap. "Gotta keep his head warm too, or he'll catch a cold!"
She let out a little snort at that. "So," she said slowly, "he's a mess."
"Mr. Stark? Uh, Iron Man, sir?"
"I don't know," she said honestly, "it's not usually information I offer up. But it looks like you need a friend, so do with that what you will."
He's gifted a smile, something he's learning that Coulson doesn't give freely. "You'd never make it as a boy scout, Tony. Don't kid yourself." As he's jogging up the stairs, he calls out, "Also sorry to hear about your stocks. Don't be late!"
. It always ended up with Tony shaking and scared and cursing the day his father had met Captain America. Once, he had seen Howard hit Tony. Only once. After that, the bastard was more cautious, always waiting until Rhodey wasn't around.
There was no way he was untangling himself without waking him, so: he took the easy way out. Natasha could stand to wait a few more minutes anyway.
"Okay," Tony says suddenly, sitting up, "I appreciate the info dump, I do. But I can also read my way into these books and come with any clarifying questions later. So, how's about
The old man kisses her hand. "Libby went to the market, Trudy, to pick up bird seed. Do you want to feed the ducks?"
But Bruce had to admit, seeing Howard fly back over the kitchen counter with the force of Steve's punch was wholly and wonderfully satisfying.
"Knocking," Steve began, leaning against the door frame and studying Howard's silhouette against the window, "is a polite move that is meant to save both parties embarrassment." He kept his voice tempered and cold.
"You know that. You saw."
Steve took the plates, grinning at Bruce, "Sure thing." He handed a few to Howard, jerking his head to the dining room just beyond the door. "Gotta put you to work now." Howard graciously took the plates, looking around curiously. Steve knew that look. It was the same he had when the tower went from a place he visited to his home. "It'll get easier," he spoke sotto voce, so only Howard could hear him. The others were barely concealing their own curious looks at Howard.
"Will you listen to me! Rhodey is almost here-" She batted his hand away when he tried to shush her in question.
"What are you doing?"
Not like it showed him down much. The man let out a deep, pain filled scream, and ripped an amulet from a chain under his shirt. It glowed as soon as he held it in his palm, an eerie green that set Steve's teeth on edge.
Tony's head popped up from its hiding place, his chin propped up on Steve. His eyes were dancing, full of mischief, until slowly they dimmed, and he looked contemplative for a moment before blinking, a little sadness creeping in around the edges. Steve cupped his cheek, instantly worried.
Hulk knew that. In his own way, Hulk loved Bruce fiercely. Like a parasite, maybe, but it was there. And he picked up on what Bruce was feeling, specifically anger, hence the whole issue to begin with. But Hulk also knew that Tony brought a sense of
"That's an impressive suit you got there, Colonel," but Howard kept smiling, sticking out his hand to shake Rhodey's. He pointedly ignored the friendly gesture.
If Steve hadn't seen it with his own eyes, he never would have believed it, but Howard - who was dwarfed by the man by at least a foot and a half - lunged and grabbed the man by the middle, tackling him to the ground. The crossbow went off, the arrow flinging up and embedding itself in the side of a building.
Steve added a quick swirl of half and half to one of the cups, left one black, and added a heaping of French vanilla creamer to a third. After so many years together, he knew exactly how they each took their coffee.
strong. His history included Norwegian parents that emigrated before he was born, a slight accent from his raising, and an arrest for a bar fight that was rumored to have ended with him using a taser on some guy and laughing about it. But everyone she spoke to had said he was
"That he does," Nat answered, sitting back in her chair. "And yes."
A few times the phone dropped, too intense was the pleasure, and his head thrashed. "Steve," he kept moaning, "fuck, Steve, please. Fucking eat me!"
"I'm listening, Miss Petra."
"I'll get you a damn fountain if you can do this!" Fury exclaimed, "I'll put a fucking palm tree in there."
"I know, sweetness, but right now we need to be open with each other. We need to heal."
It was all there in black and white.
"But JARVIS could just-"
"Fuck yeah," Tony groaned, leaning back into the chair and lifting his legs again, "fuck me until I'm leaking, Doctor." Steve moaned, pressing his palms, fingers pointed down, on the backs of Tony's thighs and sliding down to cup his round and large ass, squeezing and kneading the skin. His face, hovering above Tony's, moved closer to nuzzle into Tony's hair.
it was something Steve both loved and hated about him.
still didn't accept him. But no one went against Tony when the cards were down.
There were precious few things in the world Bruce held above science, but a love like Steve and Tony had was one of them. He envied, but he always supported. He knew there were many who would rally around Captain America and Iron Man's relationship, but there were just as many who wouldn't.
"He's in the living room. I gave him a book and a bottle of scotch and told him to keep his nose clean." Tony snorted at that, and Steve was hard pressed to smother his own grin. "I also called the others and filled them in. They're on their way. Nat should be here within the hour. They'll keep him busy. I think I have someone more important to be with, don't you think?" He moved his hand to cup Tony's face and kissed him lightly.
"Thor is off planet, and Bruce is getting back later, what do we want for nosh?" Clint asked, removing his coat and tossing it onto the armchair.
"Please don't ever say 'romp' again." Looking back to Howard, he beckoned him in. "Let's just promise to talk as adults."
He's unsure of how to respond, not without sounding like an idiot. "Anytime, Cap," he tries, his voice sounding a bit squeaky for his liking.
It had started out all right. He saw Howard. He called him Asshole. But then Natasha broke out the vodka, and he found himself
-- I need to process this! I need-" Howard reached for Tony, his arm lifting, wanting nothing more than to apologize and beg for forgiveness. Tony's hand shot out quickly, so ready to accept Howard even though it was
"So, you woke me up, got me all hard and happy, and what? You're just going to leave a guy hanging?"
"Fantastic."
Not yet.
"Now, that's just cruel!"
Tony nodded, handing him a clean fork. "Salt and pepper are up there as well, uh, when you're done, just bring the plate back to my suite. It's the door at the far end. You can shower and I'll find something for you to wear."
could be - would smack some sense into Howard.
Tony's breath quickens and he gives a small nod.
"But if I know?! Would you?" He threw his arms out, challenging her.
All of this was what made the whole Howard situation precarious. Hulk didn't like him by default, and him being with them
"I can do that." Carefully, Steve backed up toward the bedroom, gently maneuvering Tony along with him until he could pull Tony onto the bed. Steve lay on his back with Tony on his chest, legs tangled together. Tugging the comforter over them to keep Tony warm, Steve asked, "Do you want to talk about it?"
"Clint likes me too," Tony blurts out and
Check seven through fifty. Or something like that. Clint lost count.
"Oh, God!" Tony yelled out, unable to do anything but hold on, his nails digging into the skin on Steve's back and leaving little pink half-moons along his cream colored skin.
She adored it.
"Incredible, isn't he?" Steve added, if a bit smugly. Tony could tell he was making an extreme effort to not lose his temper once again, though it wasn't hard with the reminder on Howard's cheek. He just wished Steve would back down. "Tony created him.
Steve was shaking his head, his blue eyes wide. "I was just trying to protect you."
"Two robots. But, no," he breathed, his excitement palpable, "not robots! Men! This century is incredible!"
"And I'm just telling you that it's very beautiful, Tony and I love each other and-"
"About five minutes ago."
Howard raised his eyebrows. "And here I thought we bonded over pancakes."
"Boys," she lamented, shaking her head.
"Sleep, you pest."
"Hey," her voice is quiet, gentle. "Hey, it's okay. You're okay."
"Sure thing, Cap."
"Useful info?"
"Never have enough," he whispered, kissing the skin beneath his cheek. "Forget the bacon and eat me instead."
All he had were memories, and as the years went on, they faded and grew soft around the edges.
"I trust your judgment."
Steve had no one. His life had essentially begun only a few years prior. He had no one to talk about his youth with, because they were all dead. He had Peggy, sometimes, when she was lucid enough to do so. But those times were so few, she may as well have been gone. And now that she was…
(See the end of the chapter for
"Can't sleep. Want it."
"God has many faces, Anthony Stark."
--she had grown up listening to. Once, she may have been able to distinguish each separate voice from the other, but years after she left her teenybopper phase, they just sounded like strangers.
, Tony fumbles with the buttons before he's able to turn out the light on his side. Steve keeps begging him, pleading with him to talk. Taking the pillow Steve threw, Tony buries his face in it, inhaling a scent that is wholly Steve. It smells like his shampoo and aftershave, post battle sweat and the detergent he uses. It's as close as he'll allow himself. He almost destroyed Pepper. He won't allow himself to do that to Steve.
They were giggling hard, trying to stay quiet enough to not be rude,
It was his turn to shrug. "Maybe, but until we hear back from my contact, we have no leads. The notes for the memory serum arrived, and Bruce is hard at work with that. Fury called me, you know. Asking why we wanted it."
Tony legitimately guffawed. "I'll have you know-"
After all the time waiting, it was down to seven minutes. Just seven measly minutes until Tony could ask, face to face, if Steve really wanted him too. Now was not the time to freak out. But he was, just a little. Just a smidge. A nano freak-out.
"IS IT TRUE YOU HAVE CANCER?"
As much as she longed to hightail it back to the safe house upstate or the one in the Rockies that even Clint didn't know about, Natasha knew she couldn't. If there was one lesson she had learned from the Red Room that applied to everyone and not just assassins, it was that when the storm comes, don't run for cover. You can't keep the rain from falling; it's better to face it head on than get swept away with the flood.
"He had another migraine yesterday." Clint supplied.
"Thank God," Steve was saying, over and over, wrapping his arms around Tony and pulling his relieved face against his chest. "Oh, thank you God!"
Howard threw his arms out to gesture to Steve, only managing to slide off the stool instead. He fell to the floor with a plop and promptly burst out laughing.
"Tony," Rhodey began, pulling Tony's menu from his grasp and setting it aside, "He loves you. You love him. The both of you are meant for each other, and letting the crap that's going on with your dad right now interfere with that is just stupid as hell."
that it almost took Steve for a trip. After everything that had transpired, it was bizarre to think that things could settle down again, but there they were.
"Nope!"
"Tony, Barton called me in." Rhodey felt his stomach twisting with every word Tony had said. He was babbling, and didn't that just say it all? Tony could babble with the best of them, but there was usually a point. This was sheer deflection.
"What do you know?"
Laughing, Steve took a swig of his beer. The heat radiating off the warming grill warped the air above it. There was corn wrapped in foil already cooking, and a salad that Tony had spent two hours trying to meticulously chop sat in the middle of the table. A late dinner after a mission in Jersey. They were tired, but the summer air was rejuvenating. With Howard as their new ground control, and manning a command center in the tower, it meant things went smoother than any other had in previous years. "No, I'm definitely not sorry," he admitted, eyes still on the door Tony had disappeared through.
The rolled-up socks bounced off his head. "Don't make me throw your sneakers at you too!"
"Pot, kettle, Tash."
Tony's mouth is opening and closing, unsure of what the heck is going on until he hears the name of his dead friend. "Yinsen? He's here? Is he okay? Can I see him? Wait, I don't think he's Christian—Come to think of it, I'm not—"
Thanks so much for reading!
"True, but we have so many that would fit the album perfectly. Is it a song that will make or break the album? Or just one we happen to like?"
Tony grumbled under his breath, "Not my fault they're all useless."
On Saturday morning, his mother beckoned him to her side.
"-And that's not exactly my wheelhouse."
"Tony? Go to sleep, Tony. You're okay."
After he dressed -
When the drugs wear off, he feels more than a little guilty, but in that moment, Tony was doing what he thought he had to.
"Why not?" Howard asked, some gusto back into his voice.
Stepping up to him, Coulson puts both hands on Tony's shoulders, commanding his attention. He looks directly into Tony's eyes, his expression wise. "We never do. There is not a single soul that knows whether or not they can do something. But they try anyway. Because it's better to attempt and fail than to live in fear of failure—you
That perks Tony right up, miserable knowledge momentarily forgotten, "Big green guy? Stunning anger management issues? But also an absolutely brilliant scientist?! Really?"
Steve felt his heart drop, "Tony?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony sits on the couch, craning his neck to take in the rest of the room. The walls are pale grey, with small, glittery designs woven into the wallpaper, and the exposed beams are painted white. It's open and inviting.
He froze. "Uh. Hi. Look, listen, this isn't a good idea." Slowly, he started to back up, the Other Guy stirring in his mind.
Coulson interrupts her, "We should fill Tony in first."
"He'll grow used to not having them."
Tony shifted at that. "Yeah, no, me too. You know. I probably stink."
"You cursed. Three times."
"It's not like I purposely have an expiration date, they just don't
"Something went down with him that we've retrieved, but we're hoping there's more information on it with Rogers," Fury states, leaning forward, "but also, don't forget—The man was a national hero. He deserves to be found, and he deserves to be laid to rest with honor."
"-But I think this one is better with it and- what?"
Tony looked a little sad at that. "I know. That's what scares me."
"Gotcha. And the wings?" Tony gestures, admiring Coulson's feathers, "When do I get mine?"
"And a pain in my ass, Rhodes."
Steve nodded and retrieved it, trying not to think too hard about the two guns and knife that were also in there. It didn't matter. This was a one time thing. He had the money and by that time the next week, he'd be on a train to Arizona with his mother, leaving this whole sordid affair behind him.
He couldn't help but wonder -- especially as he watched his heart walk along the landing pad -- where did Steve fit into that particular puzzle? The one in the compact spitfire package with large brown eyes and a heart the size of Texas. Did Steve even belong anymore? Was his cut just too bulky to smoothly click in with the other bits of Tony's life?
"The zoo?"
"I concur, sir. I am no fan of this Alexa." The AI spoke and Steve chuckled, it almost sounded like JARVIS was jealous.
Ignoring her, he continued on with his last train of thought. "I would love a hookup with Tony, fantasies come true, right? But who am I to stand in the way of Wuuv! Trwoo Wuv."
"Share it with yourself, first. You deserve it. And you deserve Steve."
Steve had gathered Natasha and Clint to the far end of the room, and they stood, whispering in hurried voices. Every so often, one of them would look up at either Tony or Howard. It didn't take being a genius to deduce exactly what the topic of conversation was, and the hairs on the back of Tony's neck prickled in annoyance. He understood it was necessary, but that didn't mean he had to like it.
"Just wait till you get to know him," Tony whispered, leaning toward Howard like Dum-E couldn't hear, "You'll understand soon enough."
Howard nonchalantly lifted a shoulder.
Tony's eyes went round, he felt a sting and blinked, willing the tears away. He was too old to cry over his father, had been through too much to let old hurts bring him back down. "Howard, I…" His throat was closing, and he fought desperately to quell the panic rising up within him. "Because, you… Fuck, Howard.
The mood sobered, Clint finding himself embarrassed at causing such a scene. "We're taking care of him."
smile on her face. "Mister Stark, so
He stood, stretching and cracking his back with a well timed twist of his waist. "I'll cook. You wanna call Bruce? See if he can talk to Thor and get the 411?"
"Oh, boy, full name. I seem to be in trouble."
"Oh, well, yeah, no. That would be awful. I'm awesome. Can't have that!"
"Sir?!" JARVIS exclaims as Tony tumbles into a fit of laughter. "Are you all right, Sir?"
The elevator doors opened as JARVIS responded, "See for yourself." Tony stepped out, his trepidation slowing his steps as he peered around the corner to the glass walls of the workshop. A steady
"What?" Steve tensed. He could feel Tony's hand clutching his shirt tightly. Oh no, no way. "That's insane. No. Bad idea."
He sent a text to Natasha.
"Don't be crude. We're all worried about you."
But Steve didn't know everything about him. He didn't know all the darkness Tony had coiled up in his body. His guilt, his irresponsibility...hell, half the baggage that came with him he inherited from his father. Some were created by him. Casual neglect. High expectations. A small child with a brilliant brain who was never good enough.
The first spurt of Thor's come hit Steve on the face, surprising him. Thor cursed loudly in a language they didn't know, and bent his body to finish on Tony's ass, aiming for the wrecked hole. Steve let it gather, and pushed it in with the vibrator, his breath coming quicker at the mere thought of both Thor and Clint's spend coating Tony's inner walls.
was hard work. Five guys with incredible voices who
"Bring me a treat? You know, I have to gain some weight back."
"Word of the Day. I get emails." Shrugging, Clint doesn't look ashamed at that admission at all. "Wanna know
Tony grinned widely. "Did I just discover a Steven Rogers kink? Do you like pulling hair?"
"Actually," another voice speaks up, "I am the one asking." Tony's head snaps to the side; he didn't even hear the door open, though, he supposes, angels may not actually need doors.
"That's why we get along," said Tony, "our best comedic material is ourselves."
Stepping around Tony, Steve opens the cupboards and pulls out a bag of dried black beans, "Since I doubt you have coal here…"
This time, Steve doesn't hang up. He waits for the beep, and is silent for a moment before speaking. "Tony? Tony, please, call me back! Just tell us you're okay! Please!"
Thor winced, "That is too close to home." No one commented on him calling the tower his home, there was no time, but it warmed Steve's heart, if only a little. No matter what,
"Boss, we're being raided! We gotta go!"
Thor threw his head back and laughed heartily. "You are not as walled up as you would have us believe, friend. Now come, have a snack with me, while you wait for Steven."
The charcoal snapped in half.
Steve closed his eyes, his heart fit to burst. He hadn't dared let himself hope, but there Tony was, asking for the one thing Steve had refused to let himself think about.
The page appeared on the screen above his head, and Tony ran his hands down his inner thighs, trying to pretend it was Steve's fingers that dipped into the crevice that connected his thigh to his body, and ran his hands up his torso, slowly pressing into his waist and reaching up to rub his nipples. His hips began to move on their own, arousal cascading through him.
If she couldn't have it personally, she could at least attempt to give it to someone she cared about.
"It's not Steve that I worry about leaving."
His breath was tight when he answered. "Why?"
At least this time, Tony didn't have to remove the hoodie.
"Thanks, J. Wish me luck."
Steve looked up from his pillow, "No!"
"One day, probably centuries from now, you'll find what we call your Earth Family. The average timeframe seems to fall between four and five hundred years. Some less, some longer. Rarely ever within the first century." Smiling, Michael squeezes his shoulder. "This is the best part: these people get to know about you, they get to help you. And when they pass, you get to visit them in their Heaven. Sometimes, you get more than one Earth Family. But it's nice to feel loved, right?"
Another tear follows, and then another. It's jarring to see Steve Rogers openly crying. Tony doesn't know what to do. It's not a common occurrence that he's left without some plan of action, but seeing someone he's grown to care about, someone he loves on a deeper level than anyone he ever has before, so heartbreakingly sad, strikes him dumb.
. Because even the tiniest chance of Tony gaining some semblance of a stable mental state was worth the risk. And they were going to take it.
Sitting on the other side of Tony, Bruce gave a short chuckle, "That was all him," he pointed at the sleeping man, "I don't usually
She turned to look at him, hunched in the hoodie and looking like death. "What's wrong?" It had been a few months since she had seen him in the flesh and not through a computer screen, having just returned from California after dealing with the West Coast end of Stark Industries. She had seen the headlines, but the media was so often wrong about all things Tony Stark that she wasn't concerned. Tony's pale features and gaunt face were a shock to her. For once, the magazines and newspapers weren't too far off the mark.
"No, please."
Tony blew out the breath he didn't know he was holding. "So, if I were to, I don't know, go up to him and ask, what do you think would happen?"
Tony adjusted himself so he was slightly on his side, tucking himself under Steve's arm. "All part of my charm."
"I don't feel any better saying it. In fact, Platypus, I feel worse."
know first.
"Skirt steak obviously."
"Boss! Fancy seeing you here."
"Are they for real?"
"And, Mommy! He catched Iron Man!"
Like Wesley from The Princess Bride, StonyFan1918 apparently heard Tony's request of rimming and gave a big ol' AS YOU WISH. Also, something else happens, there's some smut, and maybe something with a smug Natasha? I don't know, you guys are acting like I wrote this shit.
"That I wrote all those stories."
Clint gave him a look. "What? Was it a secret or something?"
"Come on," Steve slung an arm around Tony's waist and let him to the door, "let's shut your belly up."
Scissoring his fingers, he lifted his legs into the air and bent them as the knee, using his other hand to pull his ass open. He hurriedly slipped a third finger in and groaned, "Steve..."
"Oh, do they now?" Sauntering. Clint was sauntering past them and Bruce just shook his head.
"Killjoy. Are you coming back to New York soon?" He asked, bringing his knee up to brave against the back of the front passenger seat, "I'd like to see you for more than three minutes." He paused and made a face, trying to think of something coy and humorous to say to cover up his emotional slip, "no one makes my espresso like you do."
Using the arm in his grasp, Steve pulled Tony close to him, wrapping his arms around the smaller man. "You're not useless."
It's a weakness of Tony's, something he chased his entire life. "It is." And that right there makes it all seem worth it. "It's a little selfish, but I really, really want that."
"No!" She turned to Clint, "This is what I was trying to tell you!" Looking back at Rhodey, she continued in a hurried and hushed tone, "That man in there isn't the Howard that raised Tony. Not yet anyway." When he moved again, she latched onto his bicep, "And we can't change that. But SHIELD is working on a memory serum that can take away short term," Clint startled -- he didn't know that. "I'm getting the components to Bruce. He'll be able to figure it out in no time, and what that means," this time, she grabbed Rhodey's chin, straight up forcing him to look at her, "What this
"I was talking about the science," retorted Steve, kissing Tony's temple before opening the silverware drawer and picking up three forks and three butter knives.
"Oh, please! You're in love with him!"
"You're going to make me burn the bacon. Haven't you had enough?" Steve chastised, as Tony's hands explored his chest. He stood behind Steve, the side of his face pressed into the warmth of his shoulder, his hands dancing along his skin, running over Steve's nipples and making the soldier's breath quicken.
It was all over then. They couldn't have turned back if they wanted to.
"Yeah, tell them I want vodka in it this time."
"Well, I kind of have to now!"
"Ah, I'm back to being Asshole?"
He had stayed gluten free completely since the week prior, and the change was noticeable. He was still underweight, but color had returned a little to his cheeks, though if he was anemic, the paleness had ways to go. But his energy was amped up a bit more. It felt good to do things, even if he didn't leave the tower. He read a lot, but he also tinkered a bit, finally able to concentrate for more than a few minutes at a time. And of course, the extracurricular activities with Steve were better than they had been in a long time.
"Opened in 1996, used to be a general store," Rhodey supplied and Tony made a face even though he knew his best friend couldn't see it. "Stop judging me," Rhodey huffed, "and don't deny it. You totally are."
He hadn't even bothered reading the responses when he sent it, but scrolling back up after he hit send spread a sincere smile across his face. They were all pissed and rightfully indignant on Tony's and his behalf.
"Don't." Tony pushed passed him, and stalked out of the room.
A real, true smile spread across Howard's face. "I'd like that."
Rhodey looked down, ashamed of himself, and Steve could barely meet Tony's eyes.
There was no sign of the Captain or Stark, and Thor, laden with gifts for his comrades, was struck silent for half a second before dropping his parcels and lunging forward to help Barton.
It hadn't really hit him until that morning in the shower (they really were the best places to think), and he realized that he had basically betrayed Tony by being so
Tony Stark was her
Steve was waiting by the door when they walked up, an embarrassed grin on his face. "I, uh, didn't think this through." With his elbow, he gestured to the closed door.
"Pep, that's just setting me up for failure, you know that," he shot back, laughing softly. "I'll see you then."
"Quite a pair, we are." Standing, Tony moved to Steve's dresser, pulling out a pair of sweatpants and a t-shirt he could wear after he had showered. "So, lunch. What are we in the mood for?"
"I didn't know Phil knew you," Clint is saying as he shows Tony how to use the bow, "not that he's a name-dropper, but knowing
"Feel so good, doll, made for me, God, your body is made for me!"
The room is in disarray, but he's calm. His decision is the right decision, and he knows it. Not taking any questions, Tony hops off the stage and walks out where Happy is waiting for him. The din follows him through the doors but stops when they close behind him. It's like shutting the door on his old life and breathing in his new one.
"Do I get to twerk at least?" he cheeked with a mischievous grin.
Tony's laugh was bright, "Steve, are you aware of what I did to those stories?" Steve shook his head. "I touched myself. Every time. I imagined it was you, your hands, your fingers...your tongue."
Tony conceded. There was nothing wrong with one more time, one final goodbye. "Yeah, that sounds good."
"I am loyal to my creator."
Tony raises his eyebrows, surprised and a bit impressed. "That's...that was really nice of you. Did it make you feel better?"
He swallowed and cleared his throat, stepping to the center.
"A one stop shop, sir, that's what I try to be." Natasha was pleased. Miranda, however, was a nightmare: a budding pop starlet with a proclivity for partying and drugs, she had a loose wallet and even looser morals. Natasha had spent the better part of the previous eight months chasing her down and ordering a semblance of control within the singer to
Natasha looked at Steve, her expression grim. "Probably. Maybe you should stay here, just in case."
to meet you at last."
Tony is impressed. "You look good for your age." He watches as Coulson makes himself comfortable, the way he shifts his wings, so he doesn't sit on them. It's graceful, and if Tony were not so observant, he might have missed it.
"I - ah - just wanted to apologize." Turning his head to the left and tearing his eyes away from the hallway Tony had disappeared down, it took Steve a moment to realize it was Howard talking to him.
Even with all the trouble in Tony's life, Steve had never seen him look so sad.
"Bruce, just one drink! You'll see!" Howard moved to put his arm back around him. "I'm not a bad guy!"
"What? No!" Tony looked offended on Steve's behalf. "You're not even close to dumb, first of all." His sass was starting to come out, which was a very good thing.
could he ever have struck such a wonderful child?
"Right, so the whole world knows, and it's trending on Twitter. Which could have been avoided if-"
"Oh please," Pepper scoffed, "that's no excuse!"
know!
Chapter Four: April
"Rhodey, listen to me, Tony is okay! All right? No bumps, no bruises, I promise," he said, "but it
Tony's legs clamped around him as he came, a gurgled moan ripping from his throat, his fingers dragging down Steve's arms. "Fuck!"
There was minimal tinkering in the workshop, he hadn't attended a single Stark Industries function or meeting, and as for flying? He didn't even count the assemble call. It was three blocks away, and he was knocked out of the air fairly quickly. As soon as Howard had landed in the living room, it was like Tony's entire life had hit the pause button.
"Sweet? What are you smoking? I want some."
"So? He's straight as an arrow!"
"You were right."
Bruce shrugged, "Someone to take care of him? I think it's good that it's Steve."
"Wouldn't want to upset the balance of things, would we?"
"You're an idiot."
Bruce wasn't about to mention that owing Steve apparently meant owing Tony as well, "Consider it made."
It was the
"Not a problem, I get you another." His soft voice and accent were soothing, and as he left to retrieve another glass, Tony pulled his wallet out to pluck a few large bills. When the bus boy returned, he surreptitiously slid them into his apron; a nice surprise for the young man to find later. "Your waiter be here soon," he was saying, setting the new cup down, completely oblivious that he was now a few hundred dollars richer, "ah, yes, here. This is Angelo." And he hurried away as a Jersey Shore looking Guido approached, but Tony knew better than to judge, as the MTV series didn't show the culture as it really was: smart, capable people with a stubborn streak. Tony had felt the same misconception as a teenager and in his twenties, no matter how many years had past since the mass migration from the early twentieth century, people still looked at Italians as imbeciles.
"Has anyone ever told you that you have
But none of this made sense.
"Just- just go."
"He's
"Stark! What the fuck was that?" Clint asked, laughing as he stuck his head into the living room.
"Was this the reason for the sudden fascination in the memory serum?"
"Hey, hey, babe…" Steve put the tray on the coffee table and knelt in front of Tony. He was worrying at his cuticles again, and Steve took one of his hands into his own, stopping it.
"Hey," he held up his hands, "these babies are worth too much to risk it."
Tony spoke first. "Jesus H Christmas." And Steve laughed.
The kettle started to whistle as Steve was finishing wiping the table down. He was trying to give Tony and Rhodey some space, knowing how important it was for the two of them to reconnect without him there.
But in the low light of a winter evening, he didn't see Steve staring at him with dark eyes, his neck flushed, and a bulge in his pants.
Just the epilogue left! Let me know if you've enjoyed!
Steve laughed loudly. "That too!"
"Fuck! Baby, I'm not...shit!" Steve loved when he could make Tony tongue tied. "I don't want to come yet, Steve! Fuck! Oh god!" Reluctantly, Steve pulled back, preening with how much of a mess Tony already was. "Fucking hell, Steve," Tony let his head drop back to the mattress. "You are seriously the only man who can make me come just from eating me out." He lifted his hand and bopped Steve lightly on top of his head. "Not yet! I have plans for you!"
Steve led Bruce into the kitchen, gesturing to the stainless steel appliances, "All yours. Do you want any help?"
It wasn't strictly
Bruce let out a hollow laugh, "He's dealing, if that's what you mean. But he's a mess. You know he hides it well."
"I'll make you a plate." He glances down at Tony's hand. "You good?"
"I asked you a question, slut." He timed his smacks with jabs against Tony's prostate, looking hungrily down as the naked body before him. Steve's own cock was hard in his pants, but he'd have time for that later. When Tony was exhausted and spent and he would use Tony's body for his own pleasure, fucking him and filling him until the come was forced out like frothy milk.
Hiding a laugh behind his hand, Clint leaned back in his chair. "How about we just send him back?"
"Is that so?" Tony smirked.
Tony shrugged, both arms up with a dramatic flair of unknowing. "Beats me! I've been told that for a genius, I can be a real fucking idiot!"
"Are you okay?" she asked, picking up the suit she had taken from the closet and returning it.
Happy Saturday! I hope you enjoy! See you all tomorrow!
"What?" Tony shot back, his smile devilish, "Don't want to know all about our
It's just like Steve. His heart is so big and full; it doesn't matter that he'll be cold on the way back. If there's a chance someone less fortunate is able to snag themselves something warm, Steve would give up everything he had on. He's the type of person to mourn someone he barely knew, to take the weight of the world on his shoulders, and carry it with no complaints. He's a man far better than anyone Tony has ever met. And no one, not even Obie when Tony was growing up, held the amount of admiration Tony has for Steve.
"I want to spill myself on him." It didn't sound like a request, though Thor had worded it as one. But Steve found himself hard pressed to deny it.
He had only just met him, had only just found out he even had a kid. There was no watching him grow from an infant to toddler, to boy to teen to adult. Tony had come to him already complete, in the barest form of the word. But still, being called dad - and not
So, Steve had at least pulled the punch. Howard's cheekbone would be shattered if he hadn't.
Howard threw his hands up in aggravation, "Looking for you!"
Steve smirked, "Guess I am."
"I know it hurts; dying in such a violent way always does. That's why I brought you here. Look," the man has dark hair and bright blue eyes, his voice deep and soothing, "the sun is setting. Isn't it beautiful?"
But that was never going to happen. So, he'd have to settle for being friends with him. And Steve wasn't the type of friend to just look past seeing someone come hard while screaming his name. (Too bad, really, Tony was well aware of how hot he was like that.)
"Mute!"
"Think you overlooked a
"They buy the albums, they play the songs on Spotify, they sell out the tours…  Radio doesn't give a damn about five middle aged guys who are still in a boy band."
I truly hope everyone enjoyed this! I may be persuaded into writing a sequel one day, or at least a series of one-shots. We shall see shall!
do this, Tony. The archangels don't make mistakes. They chose you for a reason."
Tony's body trembled as he first moved to Clint, kissing him deeply, letting Barton suck his on good bottom lip, causing Tony to moan, his spent dick twitching, then over to Thor, who wrapped his arms around him to bend him back, kissing him so hard his toes curled.
"-I'd rather not-"
"Because what's mine is Tony's."
"Nice word choice by the way. Sycophant.” Tony was regaining his composure. “Good use of an SAT word." Looking down, he shuffled his feet just a little closer to Steve. Maybe not fully back to normal, or maybe he just wanted an excuse to be close to Steve.
"Excellent. Who else?"
Steve put down his plate a little too hard and Tony jumped. "All right there, Soldier?"
"You know, narcissists don't hate themselves and aren't insecure about themselves." Coulson doesn't move from the bed, but he tilts his head questionably at Tony. "Narcissists never think they don't deserve happiness."
at us not tip you off?" He picks at the tape holding in the IV.
Tony!"
. "And no wheat products are allowed on the rest of the counters. We discussed it, and we all agreed." Tony nodded, running his hand over the marble.
Tony gave him his very best 'Who me?' look, and picked up the carafe, only to find it empty. "Well that's unfortunate." He turned to the cabinet that held the canister of coffee grounds, making a big show of rolling up the sleeves to the sweatshirt.
"Oh, I can share more, if you want."
"You're gonna use the media as an excuse, aren't you?"
Steve grinned, "Who you calling loser, doll?" And Tony sank down, moaning loudly.
"Biggest regret of my whole damn life." He swallowed and went back to the safe, pulling out three more crisp one hundred dollar bills. "Do what I couldn't." And handed them to Steve.
Steve was in the process of pouring himself a glass of milk when that last one stopped him. "Shopping?"
Rubbing his eyes, he sat back down across from her. "What do you want, Natasha?"
Thor made himself comfortable on the bed after they entered, sitting with his back against the wall and legs out in front of him, hoping his body language displayed a friendliness that would put Howard at ease. He would get nowhere with him on the defensive.
"-And Steve? How is he?"
"You say that like it's a bad thing!" He grinned, stepping around the pillar and walking towards the exit. She fell in pace next to him. "I like the one on 34th better."
"Howard," Clint started, still genuinely liking the guy despite hating what he would eventually do to Tony; he had to warn him, and that just irked him even more, "Howard, that's Tony's best friend. Colonel James Rhodes."
Steve let his head drop to the pillow, still braced on his forearms, an exasperated groan muffled by the fabric as he hit the pillow with his fist. "I'm gonna stop you while you're ahead, Howard."
"Then Steven would take Anthony again. And you, my dear friend," Thor said to Clint with a lascivious grin, "would sit on Tony's erection and ride him until
But was it right to mess with time more than he already had? Would that just complicate things and make it so much worse?
He ignores it and presses the pillow into his face harder, letting himself cry. Just a little. A few tears, hasn't he earned that right? Hasn't he been through enough that he's allowed to mourn the loss of what he can't have?
"Crap, I'm sorry, Tony." The steps he takes back to the living room are slow and steady, and by the time he's reached the couch, Tony is fast asleep in his arms. He's afraid to wake him. With a sheepish smile toward the only other occupant in the room - Clint - he sits and lays back on the arm of the couch, cradling Tony against his chest. Clint shoots Steve a knowing look and goes back to whatever he is doing on his tablet. Blushing, Steve pulls the comforter over both of them.
meant he could do only one thing, and that was to make sure he remembered
When he's sure Clint isn't looking, Steve indulges himself. He kisses at Tony's hairline and breathes in his scent.  Halfway through his nap, Tony stirs, and Steve rubs his head, letting his fingers sluice through the curls - curls! Tony's hair, unstyled, is curly! - and the genius mews softly, falling right back to sleep.
He worried at the text messages sent in the middle of the night.
"You go to church on Sunday, you listening? You tell that priest. I don't know what you did, Stevie, but I know it ain't good. You save your soul, boy." It was too many words at once, and her next bout of coughing exhausted her. When he finally laid her back in the bed after gently thumping her between her shoulder blades, she fell asleep almost right away.
Shaking his head, Steve gave another set of pulses against Tony's sweet spot and answered, "Nope, been playing all night. But, trust me when I say: I'm fully relaxed."
Tony squeaked (though if you asked him later, he most certainly did not!). But he really didn't want a scene, so he just ignored the man behind him and let go of the 'Oh Shit Bar' to hook his arm onto Steve's and move away from the dirt-bag that found it perfectly okay to grab someone's ass.
In Steve's arms with his blankie tucked up against his chin, Tony finds the sleep he had sought after. He's warm and sated, comfortable and safe. In the morning, he holds Steve's hands against his chest, watching the sparks of blue as his eyelids flutter open. The storm outside calms. Clear skies ahead.
Howard reached for the kettle, a look of contemplation on his face. "More acceptance."
Steve just shrugged. "What do you need?"
He blinked again, free arm still raised defensively, finally getting a clear look at the figure in front of him, who must have been the reason for the flash.
Tony looked at Steve and again said, "My hero." This time, it was with obvious cheek, and the first man laughed.
Steve's finger crooked against Tony's prostate again, sending the smaller man jolting and moaning. "That lunatic? He's an illusionist posing as a wizard."
Tony jumped up, ripping the toys from his body before he could come, he stumbled, almost falling back to the bed, before letting out a string of curses.
"Whatever." Dropping the towel on the bed, he picked up his boxers. "This is an invasion of privacy," he sassed, shoving one leg into the leg hole and then the other.
"What? Oh, thanks."
That earned him the hardest smack yet. "Don't you dare fucking touch yourself without my permission."
"Hey, Pep," Tony remarked after Thor left the room, "You ever work with a Natasha Romanoff before? Manager? Bit bossy?"
Not like this.
"It was how old Jesus was when he was nailed to the Cross."
"Promise."
"No way, not when I thought you were in danger. Take a lot more than a bunch of greedy zealots to take me out." Shifting, Rhodey reaches for the blanket and pulls it over them both.
"Landing pad. He went out there with his laptop, like two minutes ago."
Approaching quietly, Tony takes in Steve's slumped shoulders and the way he worries at the label on the bottle. "Cap?" he asks softly, his voice gentle enough to not startle the soldier, "You okay?"
Or not. Money could buy
Howard sighed, crossing his arms protectively. "Honestly? I want to go home."
replied: First of all, way to be obvious. Secondly, yes whipped cream.
The man actually smiled at Bruce, his one eye indulging. "Something strong. Make it a double." Nodding, Bruce moved to the bar, and Howard's eyes followed him before the clearing of a throat had him twitching back to the director.
"We should be looking for that book."
He made quick work of his own clothes, the worn and home stitched trousers, his father's old dress shirt, and the heavily mended shoes, discarding everything until he was left in his union suit.
," she pointed to the window, "isn't so deep into his alcoholism
Bruce frowned, thinking. "Did he eat anything? At the office I mean."
"Sadist."
Hill looks like she swallowed something foul, but Fury looks intrigued. "You may be onto something there, Phil. Hill," he turns to her, "come have a seat and tell us what you've got."
sex life? Cause I gotta tell you, it's pretty awesome. Steve's enormous di-"
Within five minutes of introductions, Natasha has fiddled with her gun, cleaned her nails with her knife, and
"Agent Hill has informed me that a creature has come up through the sewer system one block over."
, I know you're feeling a bit protective of your friend, but don't-" He moved to go around her, determination set on his face. She grabbed his arm and pulled him back, "-Don't go in there and antagonize him!"
"Good night, Tones. Now shut up and let me sleep."
https://xria-rose.tumblr.com/post/645031313998561280/ordinary-men
"Sure, but that doesn't mean it doesn't get to me sometimes. So let's help each other."
"Guess that's fair," he turned to face Tony, "Will salty, buttery mashed potatoes help?"
Nat smacked his arm, "Shut your noise maker, Barton."
"That's vulgar… but very true. Stop gloating. Do you kiss your mother with that mouth?"
"That's a nice thought." Puffing his lips out, Howard blew air through them and sat forward. "Anyway, I am sorry for causing this mess and any issues it created between you and Tony."
"Jesus, Tony, are you listening to yourself?"
"Let it go, Miss Potts," he said tiredly, making his way into the bathroom and shutting the door.
"Sure thing, Anthony.
to be back in September. Besides," she offered up, "it's more important that you give the younger crowd something to talk about that
Prompt: Major Injuries
"I eat!" At the disbelieving look she sent over to him, he amended his statement. "I'll have you know, I went to lunch with Steve."
"You all have been leaving," he enunciated here, "comments on my-StonyFan1918's stories?"
"I see you like the finer things in life."
Tony’s face was coloring, his elbows digging into the carpet and his arms covering his face. Steve never stopped moving within him, if anything, he went at it harder, the excitement at being caught thrilling.
"Can you believe how obvious Thor is? I mean, come on! It's like a neon sign pointing straight to Asgard!"
"What you're doing is perfect."
She was seated at the kitchen Island, a cup of tea in front of her, no sign of the stress she faced from the night before. "I'll put it this way, there's no vodka left."
But Tony always did what he thought was right, regardless of how angry or upset he was. It was one of the reasons Steve fell so deeply in love with him. The media could spin things however they wanted, but Tony Stark had a moral compass that rivaled his own.
I've kept the sex written here non-explicit, but this chapter jumps that. It's not as explicit as I write in my smut fics, not even close, but it's definitely more risque than the rest of the sex in this fic. Just a warning. You can skip right past it and go straight to the talking if you want.
Best to stay away from Midgardian redheads as a whole, then.
"I love you, Steve." He couldn't help it; it was the truth, after all.
Steve to know all of him, even the embarrassing little secrets he's tried to leave in the past.
Each drawing was a different facet. A confusing, complicated, deeply damaged but still so loving man. Sadness and stubbornness, incandescent emotion huddled up in resilience. He challenged the world but also hid from it. Strength, courage, and pain. Like a kaleidoscope, beautiful and dizzying and addicting all at once.
But Steve couldn't hold on. It was too perfect, too all encompassing, and he came, shooting himself inside of Tony, his hips seizing and jolting with the power of his orgasm, but that was what Tony needed.
"Says you," Steve chuckled, kissing him again. "Call me right away when you leave the doctors, I may not answer, but I’ll call back when I can."
"I heard you guys have cookies."
"Something stronger, if you don't mind." He gave her a nod as she pulled the whiskey from the shelf. "Two steps forward and one back, huh? Dinner went well, so I guess…" Holding his hands out, palm up, he raised his shoulders and dropped them. "This is a mess."
Steve thought for a moment, contemplating how to answer. Howard was right, of course. He was at fault for what happened, but his intentions were in no way malicious. He didn't set out to hurt anyone. He had just wanted to see his friend. "I think it's safe to say that while you did start this, you weren't looking to cause any trouble."
Howard shrugged, still grinning at being called
"That's not going to stop even when he's better. You're dating," she answered, a small grin dancing across her face. "It kind of goes with the program."
"She has 57 years left, but we already have our eyes on her."
"It's getting better. You're going to feel perfect soon. I'm sure." Steve placed another kiss on his head; Tony really loved that. "You going to speak to the press?"
There was a pause, then, "I can say Jackie Robinson rather quickly, sir. I'll take that chance."
Laughing, Steve carefully pulled from him. "I didn't hurt you?"
He winced at Steve's tone, "That sounds accusatory."
Natasha nodded and left for the penthouse silently, the rest looking through the cracked open door at Tony; he was on his knees, hunched over the bowl, tear tracks on his face.
"I don't really…feels…Steve said…I'm worried…"
"Okay, we need a plan. Jesus, this place is big." Natasha frowned. "Clint. Meat department. Lean meats mostly, some beef only because Tony will slaughter us if we deny him cow. Grass fed, all that garbage. Bruce, healthy snacks, breads, milk, and eggs. I know you know what to do. And I'll hit the produce. Meet at checkout in twenty." Because of course she approached it like a mission.
He's sitting on a bench in Central Park, the bare trees swaying above him in a waltz that only the winter winds could choreograph. The limbs are stripped of their leaves and are a deep, dusty brown. Where the earth shows between half-melted mounds of snow is a dull yellowed grass and sticky mud that sinks heels and stains the bottoms of pants. But in the sky, peeking through the naked canopy, the sun is bright. Steve squints through its glare. With his hands deep in his pockets, he watches an older couple stroll by, arm in arm, the man leaning on a cane and the woman dragging an oxygen tank. The sound of the wheels towing over the concrete is hushed scraping and rattling. It's strangely soothing.
Steve grinned in appreciation, "that would look so nice buried in his ass." Barton let out a sound that had Steve almost stopping the game to let him fuck his boyfriend. He had to tear his eyes away from the cock, it was so tantalizing to watch Clint jerk himself to what he was doing to Tony. He looked over at Thor, still standing by the doorway, sweats still tented. "Are you waiting for a personal invite? Get over here."
Steve doesn't respond at first. Instead, he takes a long drink from the bottle, his Adam's apple bobbing in a way that momentarily distracts Tony. When he answers, it's with a raw quality in his tone that speaks more about his emotional state than it does about his exhaustion. "I keep going over everything in my head about… Well. Each mission, honestly, but mostly about that one in Rochester."
Steve was in the living room as Rhodey and Tony landed, a small bubble of happiness that Tony was able to go flying a welcome reprieve from everything that he had been feeling. All the anger at himself and Howard, at Nat… Even some at Tony for breaking up with him and leaving him alone to wallow in his own guilt. He felt so twisted up inside with an ache that prior to the serum would have had him panicking that he was sick again. It was confusing and yet so clear.
"The 411?"
"Let's just say that when you're in the game as long as I've been, you learn a few things." Stepping back, Coulson turns to the door. "And Tony? Don't be late."
Hill brushed aside all pretense of etiquette, uninterested with the niceties of meeting someone with so much at stake. "With not much time to even attempt to elucidate, I'll come right out and say it." Hill stood straight, her shoulders rolled back and tense. If Natasha didn't know her so well, she'd think Hill was calm and in control, but if someone knew where to look, they would see the small tremble in her hands that gave her away. Hill tried to hide it, but Natasha was sure she had grown to care about the Avengers in her own way.
Squeezing his leg, Steve offered silent comfort.
"I won't."
replied: HOW DO YOU KNOW THAT
And three orders of
"Love. And yes. Except him." She patted his knee and stood. "Don't fret on it. He's probably touching himself to the memory as we speak."
Cutting her off with an annoyed look, Clint grumbled, "-If we came to SHIELD to begin with. Yeah, yeah, I know,
He stepped forward, to the edge of the stage, "Sometimes the media really knows how to get it wrong in a
"Tony!" Howard looked flustered and a bit panicked. Tony rushed to alleviate it.
"Cooled coffee is for losers!" Tony snarked, twisting away from Steve's reach. Refilling his cup, Tony eyed him long enough to groan and retrieve the half and half. "Fine. You win."
"Half hour until Happy gets here," Tony was smirking, "plenty of time."
He felt the tears fall down his face, his relief spilling out of him, and he felt the arms of Natasha wrap around him.
, his quirks and personality - though he would never say that to Tony's face - but yes, he was indeed a real adult. A superhero. A visionary futurist. And 100% out of his mind. Which was one of the many reasons he had fallen in love with him to begin with.
It hurt to see the stunted movements as they fought to not touch each other in public, and Bruce clapped on hand on Tony's shoulder in comfort. Tony graced him with a small but appreciative smile.
Steve's heartbeat under his head was lulling, the steady beats giving him something to ground himself with. "Can't you just make love to me, in your stupidly sweet way, and we can talk about this in the morning?" That sounded like a damn good plan, right? They
"Okay?" Bruce asked, his hand stilling on his back for just a second before returning to the comforting circles.
"Because," Clint kicked her, "Tony owns the building and he'd be pissed to hear a guest-"
He shook his head, trying to clear it enough to understand what Howard was saying. "What?"
Bruce held his hands up, trying to diffuse the fight before it escalated. "Whether or not Tony was abused isn't up to you to decide, Steve. And it's neither here nor there at this point. We have a unique situation in which the man that may or may not-" he glanced at Tony, placating, "-have abused Tony in his future is here now, and not only is he fully aware of what he did, but he's pre…" he faltered, struggling to find the right words. "Pre whatever he turned into."
"Just keep drinking, Howie. It'll solve all your problems." Tony felt nothing of the compassion he had felt that morning. His gut felt cinched. He was spent. Exhausted emotionally and physically and just not up to verbally sparring or showing any more care. It just took too much out of him.
"I'm a little put off that you're giving me masturbatory advice, but yeah, you're right. Now shut up." Tony groaned while snapping the bottle open again.
"That was your ass?!"
Bruce laughed outright at that. "You two are more similar than I think you like to admit, Rhodes."
Shaking his head, Rhodey pulled Tony close and wrapped his arms around him. Tony sighed and let his head fall to Rhodey's chest. "It's a start, Tones, and I'm proud of you for doing that. Just a little more, okay? And then we can come back here and binge watch Gilmore Girls."
It's an unnerving thought.
man. I can't wait to rub it in Tasha's face."
How could Tony respond to that? Pursing his lips, he looked out over the rest of the coffee house. The other patrons were deep in their own conversations -- at least on the surface. He caught the random surreptitious glances toward him and Rhodey, the hidden eyes peeping up and then flashing down to their mugs and mason jars.
"Don't know what you're talking about." Steve grumbled, gathering his laptop and hurrying away.
Swallowing, Tony let his lips curve up into a small smile, "He loves these as much as I do now. You were always awful at making them. Too much jelly."
In the end, Thor didn't need to electrocute him. The man heard the words and gave himself up. If only the whole battle were that easy. As Natasha and Clint crudely bandaged what was left of his arm and led him to the quinjet, Steve sat in the back of an ambulance, watching with unveiled worry as paramedics checked Tony's ribs. Howard sat at the curb, feet on the ground and knees bent, his arms hanging over them. When he looked up, Steve caught his eyes and nodded.
The softness of his mattress and the coziness of his duvet is foreign after three months of sleeping on a cot with threadbare blankets. He has to swallow down the panic that usually manifested itself whenever he woke up in the cave because he's not in the cave. Not anymore. He's safe; they can't hurt him again—
Tony looked up at him and smiled, wanting so badly to adjust so he could use Steve's thighs as his pillow. "I will. Still digesting. I think I ate too much."
"It's dated May 29th, 1988."
Thor was cutting through the cake, placing a heaping slice on one of the dainty dishes, and a more normal serving on the other. Tony sat next to Thor's vacated seat, picking up a fork and taking a bite. "God, that's good," he said as he chewed.
"Aren't you at all happy to see me?" Howard shot back, holding his glass out and pointing with his index finger. At Steve's stony face, he dropped his arm. "Want a glass?" he tried, picking up an empty tumbler, "This is good stuff."
hard at first for me, because Peggy was still alive but she had Alzheimer's, and it meant things were always rough when I went to see her. And she had lived a full life in my absence, you know?" Howard nodded, understanding dawning on his face. "But you? You are in the same predicament as me. I… I
"One of my best...virtues."
"I'll order extra
"It's sexy time!" Tony celebrated, tossing the heavy talk with Natasha from his mind. Jerking off required only happy thoughts. Things like Steve's lips, his fingers, his tongue... "Jarvis. Assume the position!"
you know?"
He trimmed his beard thoughtfully and applied his lotion carefully, lightly scenting his face with the Armani lotion he was so fond of. He needed to look and smell his best when he spoke to Steve. Because that was what was next, wasn't it? Now that he figured it out, he had to tell him.
He didn't
When Rhodey was a dot in the sky, he turned away from the glass and announced to the room, "I'm going to see Bruce. And no, I don't need an escort." He looked pointedly at Steve.
"Timmy! No," the elder Stark scratched his head, "that's not right. Tommy?"
"Really?"
He called Pepper because she could organize. She could help keep Tony focused. But Rhodey could help Tony stand back up.
