He tilted his head and wondered at this show of bravado. The answer became obvious immediately when her eyes flitted away under the pressure of Sherlock’s gaze.
“Either you share him or you don’t. This playing around shit isn’t fair,” Bernard eventually muttered.
“John,” he called out. The vibrations of his voice went through John’s chest and settled in his guts.
“I- This is important. You’ve purposefully misled me-”
“You’ve a knock on the door,” Antoinette informed him, as if he were deaf.
He turned dramatically and marched out the door, leaving the rest to follow behind his flapping coat tails. They piled onto the campus security cart, Lestrade and Donovan in the front, Sherlock and John in the back. Lestrade asked after their destination as he started it up.
Sherlock groaned at the announcement and worked harder. To his great surprise, John yanked him back by his hair.
“Yeah?” He questioned, obviously wary of a trap.
care,” Sherlock snapped. “What do I care if you never shag me? Makes no difference to me. Go on shagging whomever you please, I’ll be
“You know what look. You’re thinking of behaving like an arse to get a rise out of me, and it’s not on. Don’t even try it.” They stared each other down for another second. “Sherlock,” John growled, “promise me.”
“I’m military,” John admits. “Ex-military,” he corrects as an after-thought.
“That wasn’t the proposition, John.” He snorted in amusement. “Though it was a happy divergence. Surprising and quite satisfying. Thank you for that,” he remembered to say, in case John was feeling unappreciated.
“Sherlock?” Laila guessed dryly.
Contemplation continued as he shed his coat, made his way upstairs, as he kicked off his shoes and flopped onto the sofa.
“Of course,” he answers, as if that should be obvious, and, really, it should, “just found a little townhouse on Baker Street actually, before I took this case. Perhaps I should have informed Mrs. Hudson I was leaving,” he mutters, seemingly to himself.
“Sherlock, I deny us being a couple because we aren’t one. You are notoriously adamant about keeping people away, so it’s to be expected that people that know you would assume I was the exception, but... I’m not.” Sherlock’s mouth opened but nothing came out. He snapped it shut and continued to sulk, so John went on. “I just don’t want people to get the wrong idea. I have enough trouble getting and keeping dates as it is, if I stopped correcting the assumptions it would be impossible.”
“You what?” John dryly asks, sure he’s misunderstood.
"Look, Ma'am, I can't just give you the whole bottle," the bartender was telling her.
John started shaking again. “You remember that night I got pissed and tried to make you watch that American film with the sharks in the tornados? That, probably.” Sherlock came in close and John started babbling. “Or why stop there? Could cause bears to descend en masse from the upper troposphere. The Plague will take out more of Europe than it did the last time, this time with zombies. Giant bats could mmmmffffff-”
"Of course," John beams back. "Come on, we'll watch a film in my room. It'll be loads warmer underneath the duvet."
Jim grins at him when he comes to the door.
Because that's all it is. Confidence. He's scared he won't be good enough for John, the way he's never good enough for anyone else. But John was just as eager as Sherlock with the kissing. Just as hungry and desperate for it. He seems to be just as interested in Sherlock as Sherlock is in him. Sherlock finds himself grinning like a loon at the thought of John. The callouses on his palms and the pads of his fingers, the smoothness of the skin on his arms and neck, the silkiness of his hair, the firmness of his muscles, the strength of his arms around Sherlock's waist. And his
cocksure. He's an okay player - nothing brilliant - but he seems to think he's Jonny Wilkinson. He has a level of arrogance that matches Sherlock's, but on Anderson it comes off as cruel. He talks down to everyone, even his little tag-along Seb Wilkes, who doesn't really say a lot but jumps whenever Anderson tells him too like a loyal little flying monkey. Anderson's yet to say anything to John outside of
It isn't the first time John's had that thought in the past twenty four months. Sherlock's got this annoying habit of pissing off people he really shouldn't, and one of those people is Charlie Magnussen. He's in the school year above them and he knows everything about everyone and is notorious for blackmailing people into doing his dirty work. Thing is, Sherlock knows everything about everyone too and Magnussen doesn't like to be challenged. He himself is a scrawny, speccy git, and John reckons one-on-one neither he or Sherlock would have a problem taking him on. But Magnussen never fights one-on-one. He's got a pack of mindless hard-knocks who he pays to do that for him, and John and Sherlock have to run to avoid getting their heads kicked in. So they're running now, Sherlock's leather boots and John's old holey trainers splashing through puddles, the pair of them utterly saturated with the pouring rain.
"No, I don't!" he insists. "Whatever gave you that idea?"
"Mm," Phil clearly wasn't listening to him. "Listen, John. You've been spending a lot of time around Sherlock Holmes, haven't you?"
"Nothing," Sherlock hurriedly starts to refasten the top couple of buttons but John takes hold of his wrists gently to stop him. He sucks in a breath through his teeth.
And they kiss again.
"You want to know if I'm going out with Sherlock Holmes?" John repeated it. "Of course I'm bloody not."
"Good job," she scoffs. "You don't even have any
Sherlock almost isn't surprised to hear the door creak open behind him, while he stands, dragging on a joint, looking out over the lake from the windows at the back of the shack. He doesn't turn round, doesn't even acknowledge Vic's presence. Vic stops short in the middle of the room, unsure of what to do.
He doesn't go straight to bed, though he desperately wants to. Instead, he pulls on a pair of sweatpants and an old hooded sweater and heads back out of the house. Usually he'd walk, but his legs won't carry him all that way so he thumbs down a taxi and has it drop him two streets over from his destination - he's almost embarrassed for the driver to know where he's going. He just got seven shades of shit knocked through him to keep Vic's dirty little secret, it only makes sense that he indulge his own. By the time he reaches the house he's looking for, he's gritting his teeth from the pain and hanging onto the door frame to stay upright. He manages to knock somehow and, after a little shouting and banging from the other side, it swings open and Sherlock forces a smile.
and his stupid
"Who the hell is Jim?" John's nose crinkles. Sherlock's never mentioned a Jim to him before - and clearly he didn't intend to do it now. John can see him cursing himself in his head. After a couple of seconds, he clears his throat.
"Pretty big misunderstanding that ends with you trying to get someone blatantly not interested into your bed," Phil scoffs. "Fucking pervert."
"Yeah," John replies. "See you at school."
"Thanks," John replies, with a smile. "It's nice to just get back into it, you know? I've been out of practise for a bit."
"Why would I want to go to
When they get in, John removes his shoes. He always takes his shoes off at Sherlock’s house because it’s carpeted all the way through with pale colours and John’s really conscious of making marks. Sherlock keeps them on, clearly not giving a shit. He goes out of his way to piss of his dad and brother most of the time, and this is probably one of his acts of rebellion, John thinks.
Sherlock likes John's bedroom more than his own, always has. John complains that it's too small, but Sherlock thinks it's perfect. Cosy and comfortable - his own feels far too big, even with the black walls and carpet. John's is the same blue he chose when he was eight, though he's pulled down the embarrassing dinosaur border that used to run round the room. The carpet used to be blue too, but it's faded over the years to a sort of sludge-grey. The room is much neater than Sherlock's, though it'd be hard to be less so. There are posters pinned up around the room, of bands and movies that John likes and England's rugby team and Muhammed Ali in his heyday. There's a world map too and a few pictures of John and friends (there's several which include Sherlock, which gives him a little swell of pride).
"I think you're overreacting," Mycroft says. Sherlock's eyes narrow and his jaw clenches. With a sharp breath inwards, Sherlock turns and leaves the room.
that.
The school half-terms are magic as far as Sherlock is concerned. For one thing, he doesn't have to go to the cesspool and mingle with the people he would rather not mingle with. For another, Mycroft is generally away for them so he doesn't even have to put up with his insufferable brother.
"Is that a yes?" John says against his skin and fuck, if the vibration of the sound doesn't feel amazing. Sherlock breathes out heavily.
"He's a dick but..." John begins.
Does anyone still care about this? I had to move house and start uni, haven't updated in forever.
"I dunno," he says. He doesn't really want to discuss what they are, because then he's got to think about what
sure as hell doesn't describe Sherlock. "He's cool."
need help with something... well you know where my desk is, don't you?"
that John wants to cry.
"Yeah, him," he shrugged. "Are you and he... are you like... boyfriends? 'Cause I don't mind if you are... y'know... gay... but Sally reckons he's a bit..."
"Jim? It's Sherlock. Get some of the good stuff ready, I'm on my way over."
"Good. That's good," John says, with a grin.
"Jim's... he's my boyfriend," he says, and he's not entirely sure why.
That doesn't matter, Sherlock tells himself. Vic was different too. Vic was caring and friendly and gorgeous. Vic told him he could talk about it if he wasn't okay. Vic said he wasn't going anywhere.
"Right. And getting me beaten up is in my best intrest?" Sherlock shoots back. "Because that's what he'll do if he finds out about this and we both know it."
"Why not? You're on the Facebook invite," John says.
"Sherlock," John states.
"She's a little witch," he mutters, more to himself  than anything, and Sherlock laughs, blowing out a smoke ring.
Sherlock sits down, perhaps a little heavier than he usually would, and starts turning the pages of the book slightly more roughly than normal.  He's a little
"See you later," Sherlock calls it over his shoulder as he heads towards the driveway.
"Sherlock, come on. Stop being childish," Mycroft tuts, so Sherlock sends a middle finger in the general direction of the doorway. "Well, I can see you plan on being stubborn as ever. If you do want to talk about this, I'll be in the longue."
But maybe John is different.
"Did you want the whiskey?" Vic offers the open bottle to Sherlock, who closes the gap between them and takes a long hard swig. He drops the bottle and it breaks, shards of glass and amber liquid splashing around their feet. Vic barely has time to let out a small noise of surprise before Sherlock has grabbed his shirt collar, backed him against the wall and kissed him - no chasteness or gentleness to it. It's all raw, carnal, animal passion; a violent storm of lust and anger.
"The party doesn't start until seven. Shops shut at half five at latest," John points out. "You have no excuse except you're an anti-social bastard. Come on. Please? For me?"
It's only the third time John's met Mycroft.
John has to admit, it's nice for once to shower with someone without having them grab at him and trying to start something every five seconds. He gets a little worried when Sherlock tells him to turn around and close his eyes, but he's pleasantly surprised when he feels long, gentle fingers massaging shampoo into his hair.
party? She hates me," he says.
"Sporting injury," he observes, and the boy's face - quite a pretty face, if Sherlock pays it any attention - crinkles in confusion.
"How was school?" Mycroft plants himself in his armchair, unfolds the evening paper. Sherlock scoffs.
at her, she's loving it. She's gonna hang this over me forever."
Maybe there's more to him that John thinks.
"Fuck, Shez," it's more a strangled moan than an actual statement, as both of them are down to their boxers.
"Are you okay?" she asks, and Sherlock just shrugs. The side of his face aches and his jaw and teeth feel weird, but he's not about to tell her that. He doesn't want to upset her. She so hates when he and Dad fight. Sherlock would avoid it if he had any other way of defending himself. Her footsteps clack across the room and she stops behind him, putting her hands on his shoulders. "Oh, Sherlock."
"What makes you think that?" John wants to know. "
"Don't you think I know that?" he grumbles.
"I'm going to miss this when school starts up again," Vic says, with a sad sigh. Sherlock swallows, passes the fag back over.
"Let's go to my room," he mumbles, biting John's lip gently. The blond nods and they stand, still kissing, and Sherlock backs John towards the door.
all the things Sherlock's dad says he is. She never offers comforting words further than
Sherlock.
He has his legs hanging over one of the black leather arms of the chair, fingers bridged under his chin, eyes closed. John notices that he's really very good looking in an odd, pale skin, thin build, cheekbones-you-could-cut-yourself-on kind of way. For a second John thinks he's asleep and considers tiptoeing by. But, so suddenly it's almost startling, he opens his eyes and sees John standing not six-and-a-half-feet away.
and he doesn't miss lazy mornings of cuddling with black coffee and cigarettes and he doesn't miss watching stupid sappy films that he really enjoys more than he lets on and he doesn't miss cutesy text messages about how nice he looked today. He doesn't miss having someone who cares, someone to care
"You needn't look so worried. Mum and Dad are out," Sherlock rolls his eyes. "I want to go to mine tonight."
"No problem," John replies, with a delicate blush teasing his cheeks. They're at the front door now. He unlocks it and they bustle in over the threshold. John's waiting to be hit by the warm air of the central heating, but it doesn't happen. Grumbling, he goes to check the thermostat. He turns to Sherlock with a sigh. "Boiler's on the blink again. It won't be very warm. Sorry."
It was so casual, he probably didn't even think about it but Sherlock can't help realising that nobody, aside from Lestrade, has called him
and it's wonderful. Sherlock doesn't even mind the daft nickname
It’s a quiet ride back to Sherlock’s place, but not at all awkward. It’s that sort of comfortable silence that can only occur between close family members or closer friends. Their hands are still clasped loosely on the middle seat in between them. When they get there, Sherlock pays for the cab – something he never does – and they go up the steps and into the house together. John’s always liked Sherlock’s house, though it’s nothing particularly spectacular; a five-bed two-bath detached in a leafy suburb with gardens in the back and the front. It’s beautifully ordinary, but compared to John’s three-bedroom one-bathroom end terrace in the city centre, it’s practically a mansion.
about anything when Sherlock could be right instead. John has half a mind to wake him up and tell him what a fucking prat he is, that's it not fair to mess with people's sexuality and emotions like this, doesn't he
Sherlock. Things like telling their parents about finding drugs in Sherlock's room might not be just to get Sherlock in trouble, but to protect him from getting himself into it.
"Sorry. I don't usually have passengers," he says it like it should be shocking and John scowls at him.
"What took your friends so damn long? They're so
“You told me you’d stopped,” John whispers, and his voice catches in the middle. “You
"I don't like her, not like that," Sherlock insists. "And beauty's subjective. She's got nice hair and eyes, I suppose but her mouth is too small and so are her breasts. We're going shopping because I have things to buy and she offered to come with me."
"For God's sake, John," he says. "Why do you even
that much about the taller boy, but he's pretty confident that he wouldn't do what Anderson accused him of. And yet there was notable tension between him and Victor on Friday, so much that you could cut the air with a knife. Victor was... nervous. Timid, almost. And Sherlock? Well he just looked
"I didn't," Sherlock shrugs in a way that would be nonchalant if it wasn't so forced. "We're very... on and off."
Sherlock calls at his retreating back, but the librarian just keeps walking towards his office. Sherlock sighs deeply, but elects not to protest to much. After all, he really
By Thursday, they've got it to a tee; they share glances and smiles all day at school, and they have lots of 'accidental' brushes on hand-on-hand in lessons where they sit together. At the end of the day, they go to John's house and snog on John's bed or the sofa until Harry gets home from school. Keeping her quiet is easier than John had anticipated; she's usually notorious for blackmailing him into doing what she wants him too. But she's suprisingly easy about this, her only demand being that John helps out with her Maths homework. Sherlock generally stays until well into the evening when John (and often Harry) will walk him to the park.
"Who did this to you, anyway?" Jim starts cutting the lines while Sherlock fishes a wad of notes out of his wallet.
And this is
"You played well today, Watson," Phil tells him. "I'm glad you joined the team. You're a real asset to us."
Certainly, Sherlock finds little comfort from his elder brother, Mycroft. They've never gotten along, even as children. Sherlock was wild, adventurous, curious, always digging holes in the garden and climbing trees and usually ending up with some sort of injury. Mycroft was more reserved, more quiet. They remained much the same into their older years. Mycroft became a cold, distant man, where Sherlock became - and he's the first to admit it - a contrary arsehole. There's no common ground between them, no shared interests. And no affection. They shake hands on odd occasion but Sherlock can only remember twice in his entire life that Mycroft has hugged him. The first was at their parents' funeral. The second... Sherlock doesn't like to think about, is trying desperately to delete it from his mind palace.
decision to send me there, not mine," Sherlock points out. "Besides which, if I was going to get into trouble for it, I'm sure it would've happened a long time before now."
Mycroft didn't mention anything about working late, or going anywhere. But when does he? Sherlock's grown accustomed to being alone in the house, often for several nights at a time. Honestly, he prefers it that way. Why Mycroft is around there are rules, when he's alone he has free reign. Not that he sticks to Mycroft's rules anyway, but when he's by himself, at least he doesn't get read the riot act for putting his feet up on the couch. And he isn't subjected to lectures about his school attendance or punctuality or any of that
"Mrs. Hudson. Something stronger will be needed, I'm afraid." Hiccup.
John snapped to attention. “What?”
Harry gave a great put-upon sigh. “You know, I do have a life. I’m not just sitting around, waiting on my little brother to call and ask me stupid trivia about his own life.”
“You really think it was amazing?”
“What?”
“Sure, you probably never got to have that as a teenager.”
“This way,” he directed with a tug on John’s sleeve. They moved quickly but with caution around the large steel pipes on the grounds. He had no idea why Sherlock thought he could catch this sadist before the police did but he’d learned to trust Sherlock’s instincts and he could usually be counted on to pull them out of his greater blunders with a heavy hand and a stern voice.
“Truth or Dare?” He softly asked instead, feeling more sober than he had moments before.
“Yeah,” he looked around the inside of the van as he pulled himself inside, “what is it?”
It was messy, their noses bumped more often than not, and it was incredibly wet for some reason, but John didn’t care. He hoped Sherlock didn’t care either. When he’d allowed himself to imagine it, he’d assumed Sherlock had never been truly kissed in his life, not like this. Now that he knew different he couldn’t help but worry, just a bit in the back of his mind. Mostly he just tried not to grind down on top of Sherlock like a sixth former.
"Hmm? Oh, yes," he agreed with a smile at Sherlock, who continued to ignore him. John turned to Mary. "That is if the wife deems."
“No, Sherlock, I’m not going to do that. It’s an invasion of their privacy, to say nothing of mine,” he said with a raised eyebrow.
John looked it over. “Madame Endora,” he read, skeptical until he noted that where it had once announced being ten quid a telling on the chalkboard easel, someone had scratched it out and written ‘Free’.
“What?” He mumbled as he got up to search his room.
“Say it. I need to hear it.”
“And don’t come back!” John tried, and almost succeeded, to call out. Mostly he just coughed a lot, curled up on the floor next to the over turned coffee table.
“Right. Okay, bedroom then. Colby's called off limits for couples but I think she’d be okay with you crashing. I mean, as long as you don’t get sick on her bed,” he amended
“Christ! What!” Sherlock snapped, his focus shifting from his hip to his face.
"She is cute though, isn't she?"
“Same time?” Sherlock pushes John back down onto the pillow.
“What?” He snaps, going on the defensive.
“Me?” He glanced up, incredulous and perhaps a bit nervous.
Sherlock palpated the sore area and grinned. John had done that. He was technically sporting John’s mark. How wonderful.
Sherlock’s face screamed ‘And?’
“That one was on you, I wouldn’t have- Ow."
“Wait, hold up,” he called out as he unlocked the front gate. “We go in pairs. We’ve no idea how dangerous this situation might be. You go with Sherlock.”
Sherlock goes through several facial expressions - confusion, disbelief, curiosity, bewilderment. His mouth opens and closes, seeming to be unable to articulate any one point. Eventually, he rolls back over, contemplating the black above them instead of John’s face.
“We’re in Arizona,” Sherlock helpfully points out.
It turned out he didn’t need to worry. Sherlock must have turned back the opposite direction, through the kitchens, to make his escape. Something about that deflated John’s earlier exuberance at their little game. It was fun as long as he was winning. Now he just felt empty.
“Lillian Barclay,” Sherlock answers cryptically. The name seems to mean something to the mobster, his eyes widen slightly. “But by all means, if you find it best to leave us to the ravages of the arid terrain I’m sure you’re right. I’m sure Oliver trusts your judgement.”
“I’ve got five.”
,” Laila chirped cheerfully with a smile, “what are you studying?”
“Call my ex’s? No,” John answered, setting his tea down to grab his phone out of his coat pocket. He ran through his contacts until he found the right one and hit send, thumbing the speakerphone option so Sherlock could hear the conversation.
John smiled at her and tried not to make eye contact with the barker, but it was too late, he’d seen Scarlett signal at the game.
“Amended. Marijuana turns John into a sixty year old.”
John stared him down, hoping the first thought that popped into his head hadn’t just written itself across his face. “And how-” He had to clear his throat before trying again. “How would I do that exactly?”
, I guess. But I like it." She shrugs and looks back down at her boots as she paws at the floor with her toe.
“No,” Sherlock growled.
“Unlikely,” Sherlock states with certainty.
“Fine, but I still don’t understand and you know I don’t like not understanding, John.” He crossed his arms and huffed.
“I know,” he told the scene. “Me too.”
“What?” He growled without looking.
“What can I do?” He asked, voice small and truly apologetic.
“Yes,” he practically growled. He strode forward past Lestrade’s lackey, Donovan, who sneered but kept her mouth shut. He also ignored the flatmate, who questioned Sherlock’s appearance. The flat wasn’t obviously disturbed, if you were a veritable idiot who didn’t know what they were looking for, which Lestrade and his team were.
It gets quiet, both men in their own heads, but still very much together. John worries very little about Mary and the future, which he knows is wrong and he should be wracked with guilt, but here, in this moment with Sherlock, he can’t be arsed to care. He supposes Sherlock is worrying enough for both of them but John will just have to prove his sincerity with time and great, sweaty bouts of love making. It will be a slow process but he’s willing to put in the hours. A snort escapes at this thought.
John explained, as apparently it was needed, “Yes. I needed time to think about your offer. It’s not as simple as you think, moving in, but I thought about it and decided you do need a keeper. You’ve proven that theory correct, good on you,” he deadpanned, nodding to Sherlock’s state on the floor.
Sherlock turned so he could see John through the Tyvek hood. “Shut the door, I’m trying to keep the temperature regulated.”
Sherlock didn’t even wait to hear her response. It was imperative Sherlock get to John before he broke the Neanderthal’s nose in front of him. Well, Sherlock pondered, perhaps they could both get into the fight. It might act as a bonding experience and perhaps they’d even get to share a cell together.
"Here's where John ignores obvious Military kink," he chucks a card, "here's where I get John drunk and he still can't commit to his actions," chucks another card, "here's where I point out how well John and I work as a team. You know, a well-oiled machine, one might say." He glared out over the crowd as if daring anyone to argue. Everyone in the room was too stunned to react, including John.
“God help me, you’re probably into the weirdest shit, but I don’t care. Whatever it is, yes.” He was practically clawing at the cloth of the arm rests, swallowing copious amounts of saliva.
John snorted. “All right. I’ll… think about this. Do you want to flag the waiter? I’ve lost my appetite.”
The man whips the car out of the drive, but, to John’s surprise, comes back around to the front, where John's own rental is parked. For a wild second John thinks the man is going to push him from the car to deal with the gang of probable mobsters by himself.
Sherlock nodded absently, clearly not giving two figs for someone he’d never met. “I’ll help if you want. I mean,” he waved at John’s bag, “not if you think you have everything you need. Just thought since, I mean you did say-”
“John,” Sherlock choked out, hand out in supplication as John came at him, “wait - ”
“Did you know Sherlock could draw?” He heard John ask. Terror of a different kind suffused Sherlock at that. His notebook was still laying on the coffee table.
“I just don’t want to disappoint,” Sherlock shyly admits, nuzzling John’s cheek with his own.
“Oh, fuck.” John sucked in a shuddering breath and, without warning, yanked hard at Sherlock’s hair, pulled his head back and his spine bowed.
“Sherlock, when will you clear this table off so it can be used for its intended purpose? If I spill cream on something and it explodes you’ll only have yourself to blame.”
That thought, yes, it was good. Very good.
His words trailed off, uncharacteristically hesitant. Something in John died that very moment.
Sherlock shook his head, licking his lips as he tried to articulate. “No, I need to learn to control my insecurities. You should be able to leave the room without my having a panic attack. It’s absurd.”
John took a deep breath and let it out slowly, shame radiating his entire frame. He wanted to leave, with all his might, wanted to be gone, but he needed to think.
“All yours,” Sherlock announces, tossing his bag on his bed.
“Sherlock! I’m going to make tea! Do you want some?” He yelled out, scrubbing at the cloth.
John wanted to spit hateful lies? Fine. Sherlock was well versed in black vitriol.
“MU matches don’t cut it, then?” John teases.
“I don’t suppose you have the paper on Cell Regeneration,” Gregson drawled. It was clear he didn't hold out much hope.
“Mmm,” John groaned into Sherlock’s mouth. He had Sherlock by the sides of the head, both elbows planted by his ears on the pillow, as he slotted their hips together.
He raised an eyebrow at Laila’s offer. “I suppose. Your taste is wasted on John, I’m afraid. He’s more of a Guinness man.”
Having those intelligent blue-green eyes focused on him - the twist of his wrist, the steady drip of precome, the vein that ran along the left side of his cock - was all John needed. He’d been primed and ready to go from the start, but the way he just knew Sherlock was filing the information away to use later, it kicked him right in the stomach, left him breathless.
“It was only our second,” he replied, as if that were outrageous, getting laid on the second date.
He'd expected immediate denial from John, considering his data was ill begotten and likely tainted by wishful thinking.
"Jesus Christ," John muttered under his breath. He quickly tucked his hands under the table, when the left cramped against his will.  Disaster. They were bound for disaster.
It takes Sherlock a moment to answer. John starts a rhythmic brush of his fingers through Sherlock’s hair. It smells of his cheap, corner shop shampoo and he has to wonder what his hair smells like when he’s at home.
“Let’s just say, I’ve been coveting your arse from afar for a very long time. But tonight is not the night.”
“Yes. Though you might not agree. It deviates from your original plan somewhat.”
John grins so hard he has to turn away while Sherlock grabs his bag, lest he see and draw the wrong conclusion. Or the right conclusion. Either way, John’s fairly sure his infatuation is writ clean across his face. When he finally glances over, Sherlock is waving their room key in the air on his way toward the vending machines.
“I didn’t think you… you said you needed time to think…” He studied John for clues, but to what John had no idea. It wasn’t as dark on this side of the flat, facing the street as it did, so it wasn’t hard to make out Sherlock’s searching eyes.
“And for a half-arsed vigilante you can be surprisingly blind to your prejudices.”
“Sherlock?” He quietly called out, nervous in the dead silence that answered.
They went into overdrive, pulling at pants and trousers. "Yeah, Greg, sorry. Meet you downstairs in a second," John called back. He prayed his voice didn't give them away.
John Watson- you
John saluted the Major as soon as he approached and received an acknowledging nod in return. Both were unsure of the protocol in the situation, given their shared history, but they muddled along. John couldn't help his smirk as they chatted about nothing at all, though James looked like he'd like to wipe it off himself. John felt as if he were getting away with something, having James at his wedding reception, and though it was wrong to use him thus, John couldn't deny the rush of excitement he gained from it.
She wrung her hands and looked around the room before realizing that the statement didn’t explain anything. “Oh! Well, Laila doesn’t listen to rock, she’s more into, you know, upbeat pop stuff. This was, darker. And it was turned up loud, which she would never do. Our neighbors are arseholes like that, and she hates it.”
Sherlock shook his head, desperate for John’s answer. Anything that wasn’t ‘Because I accidentally left my coat.’
Sherlock’s lips were as lush as they appeared, not that John had dreamed of testing the theory… much.
“I can’t believe we’re smoking your landlady’s weed. There’s a circle in hell for that, too, I’m sure.”
“Up, now,” the gun-wielding mobster grunts, cocking his matching Sig as if John and Sherlock weren’t already on their way to their feet. “You’ve given us a lot of trouble, Mr. Holmes. Our boss will be happy to hear I’ve buried your corpse where no one will find it.”
“Piss off.” John started to stomp off as well but Sherlock sacrificed kindness for efficiency and simply grabbed John round the bicep, hauling him out the back door and into the alley.
He had the man by the throat, arms locked perfectly so the brute could breathe but was restricted and immobile. Sherlock felt his blood pressure spike in the face of John’s utter calm.
John protested but Greg laughed him off. “Nobody will hear it from me, mate." John didn't comment on that. “It'd be nice to see Sherlock pair off with somebody though," he offered.
The weirdest bit though was finding small gifts placed all around the flat, like tiny, unspoken apologies; things like his favourite nibbles, or crime novels, or new pairs of socks. When John asked about them Sherlock would just shrug or grunt, as if he had no idea how they'd come to be there. It was bizarre. John had no idea what to make of it.
“Just making conversation, John. Isn’t that what normal people do?”
He deflated. “Yes. I haven’t had a proper case in weeks. That bit with the,” he waved his hand, “what do you call it? With the sticks and the horses?”
“Oi. I just got you off a murder charge, what more do you want?”
He snapped out of his revelry as Sherlock bellowed for another finger.
“Didn’t you want…” He glanced down at his hand, unsure if he should volunteer so readily for an act he’d never performed before.
“What-” Sherlock’s brow pinched. “What are you on about?” He huffed at the ceiling, trying to find coherence outside of John’s right pointer finger, which was making a nuisance of itself near Sherlock’s erection.
She snickers but shifts uncomfortably, probably been teased mercilessly by peers for growing so tall, so fast. Her case had been one of John and Sherlock's earliest ones, so that put her age at closer to sixteen or seventeen, as she'd been a gangly pre-teen then, complete with awkward braces and a mane of wild curls.
“Mary? What did she need?” He casually pulls his mobile to check it for missed calls or texts. There are none.
He leant back down and pressed their lips together. Only this time Sherlock was suddenly, shockingly, sure of himself. John found himself pulled down roughly, his legs tugged and maneuvered just so, so that when he fell, it was into Sherlock’s lap, legs on either side in a tight grip on slim hips. He prayed the chair would support them both and then thought fled as Sherlock opened his mouth, just enough of an invitation that John accepted. He almost felt bad for accusing Sherlock of being overwhelmed, as he quickly found himself dizzy and breathless, wrapped with suffocating tightness in Sherlock’s grasp. He introduced his tongue to the mix and when Sherlock groaned John thought he might just pass out from the sudden rush of blood. South, everything was going south with the efficiency of a well-oiled, much younger machine.  Yes. That was apt. They were snogging with the urgency of two randy Shakespearian teenagers in fear of being pulled apart by some outside force. With that thought came the realization that if he didn’t pull away at some point he
“Oh no you don’t,” John growled, flipping Sherlock easily until he was bent over the seat, his face planted into the cushion with less than gentle force.
John was too busy nipping at Sherlock’s collarbone to notice the way Sherlock’s fingers twitched in his grasp. God, he wanted his hands on it again.
Sherlock silently exclaimed in relief, and then immediately chastised himself. He was going to have to try a hell of a lot harder than that to build a wall against John Watson if a few mumbled words of acceptance already had such an effect.
“C’mon, don’t be like that, it was just a silly question. What’s my favourite animal then? Go on,” he teased, knowing Sherlock would cheer up at the challenge.
Sherlock looked down. “No,” he muttered and then head cocked to the side, “Eh, maybe.”
God but the man was gifted in that department.
“Dare.”
Unless it was funny. Then he’d poke away just to watch Sherlock puff up like an annoyed kitten.
“Promise you what?”
“Of course, dear. I’ll bring you up a bag of peas, too, for your lip. Sherlock,” she admonished, “for shame.”
, just that he had.
"Why?" Sherlock growled, clearly still livid at the woman.
“Christ, was that necessary?” John rubbed at his cheek. “Wait, are we actually breaking up?”
“Hello,” John’s voice sang from somewhere outside Sherlock’s location. “Robin to Batman, come in Batman.”
“Lovable, huh?” John snickered. “Is that what I am?”
John let the sofa catch him as his terror weakened his knees. Guilt sat heavily in his stomach as he waited for Laila to arrive.  He knew it was a possibility, Sherlock going back on his word like this, and John wanted to get angry, if he were a complete bastard he could spin it as all Sherlock's fault, but he knew they'd both had a hand in it. He’d agreed to Laila’s farcical dinner idea, he’d egged on the lie that he might move out. Christ, what had he been thinking?
"What? You really expected me to save you from yourself back there?"
They all three turned to look at Sherlock again. He stood, so stoic with his hands behind his back, as the bridesmaid continued to tease him. Molly glanced at John, who was looking toward Sherlock as well. Greg glanced over at Molly, a question about his brow.
When he clapped eyes on John again it was from three carriages down, which was convenient for keeping John in his sights, but also keeping himself hidden. It had long ago stopped feeling like an anomaly and more like a habit, this following John ritual he’d begun after that first night, so it felt more jarring than he’d expected when John got off four stops early than the anticipated Soho exit. He jumped up at the last minute, just as the doors were closing, since the platform was nearly abandoned, and followed. He was lucky John didn’t seem to notice; his own head was down, lost in deep thoughts perhaps.
They congratulated each other, slapping hands in victory. Only a second later, John visibly sank. He turned toward Sherlock. “Oh no. He’s got her. We have to hurry.”
He blinked. “It’s just…it doesn’t make any sense. Why deny there being a thing to begin with? He has to know what I want. If he even remotely cared, why would he turn me down?”
Rather than continue to wait, Sherlock spoke without prompting. “Mycroft, my elder brother. He’s my legal guardian while I’m staying in London. My parents travel a lot, you see.”
John nuzzled the damp curls at his temple and muttered, “Sorry I lied.”
“Fencing? Really?” John muttered.
John sucked in a breath when Sherlock rocked back against him. “I don't think that's a fair trade," he pointed out breathlessly.
"Esteemed guests," Sherlock greeted congenially. He then immediately bashed the top off of his champagne flute when he attempted to tap it with his fork. Champagne sprayed, glass flew into Janine's hair, she yelped, loudly, a few of the people in the front row gasped and it was several seconds of insuring everyone was okay before Sherlock resumed. John didn't care anymore; he had his head buried in the safety of his arms on the tabletop. Nothing could touch him here.
Several of the C.S.I. team eyed him in confusion but he ignored them. The regular crew knew how he and Sherlock were and the new ones would soon figure it out.
He bit down just a bit harder before letting up the pressure, soothed over the mark with his lips before moving over and biting again. Oh, how incredibly satisfying it was, to feel that taught bit of flesh give just a tiny bit against his teeth. Sherlock took several ragged breaths above him.
“Perfect timing,” John mumbled when he heard Sherlock finally come out of his room. He tried not to make a storybook of his face, but it was hard not to react to the fact that Sherlock had changed into his day wear- bloody bespoke, posh attire that probably cost more than John’s entire education. He also tried not to see it as a clue as to Sherlock’s possible activities, as it might as well just be his way of donning armour after feeling vulnerable.
The point being, John hadn’t attempted to find Sherlock even though Sherlock had given several sufficient clues for John to follow. Sherlock wasn’t the sort to play hard to get more than once; he could take a hint. John needed to branch out after the previously stifling relationship, he got that. It might have galled a bit, if he were honest with himself, but he respected it. John wanted multiple partners and Sherlock wasn’t one to share. At least, he didn’t feel like that was the case; he’d never actually been in a relationship. He did feel certain finding John with several cocks queued up after his evening classes was not what Sherlock was looking for in a relationship. Hearing John contemplate taking a man up the arse last night had driven Sherlock round the twist, and they’d only shared one intoxicated night together.
He’s just sat down at the table when Sherlock exclaims from the hall, "My god, John.”
“What!” He calls back, startled, sure he’s been caught out somehow.
“The point,” Sherlock took a steadying breath, “my dearest John, of wearing a condom, was to serve as a deterrent for your inability to last any length of time and for ease of clean-up. You’ve succeeded at rendering both purposes useless.”
“Miller,” the mobster calls out to his partner, “I got ‘em.”
John shook his head with a chuckle but then he smiled up at Sherlock, close-lipped but with openly friendly eyes, and motioned for them to continue on into the clinic.
"Clara, listen to me." He waits until she looks up before continuing. "If you find yourself lucky enough to fall in love, don't
John couldn't help but smile. He took a deep breath, the weight of years of denial suddenly gone from his shoulders, and whispered, "What about high functioning sociopaths? Can I marry them?"
Before the lie could even fully form, he brushed it aside. He knew why he’d done it. Might as well be honest with himself- John had wanted to recreate that first night. Simple as that. He’d been desperate all right…
“No, you go ahead. I’m not hungry. I’ll just…” He waved at the mess at his feet.
John grew frustrated when after several seconds of digging he found nothing. “Why do you have sea shells and lighter fluid in here? No, don’t answer that. I don’t want to know. I’m not seeing anything, Sherlock, where else would they be?”
“Yes. Problem?”
Sherlock trembled, barely held restraint locking him in place, as he stared John directly in the eye.
“Muscle memory,” Sherlock reiterates. “What were you thinking about just now?”
” Sherlock pleads as if he’s being killed.
“Sherlock,” he cautiously calls out.
was being polite?”
“I’m upset, leave me be! Can’t a man have a cry in peace?”
“What,” John asks, “your ability to sexually frustrate people and then verbally abuse them?”
“See? We should just sleep in the car.”
"Breathe," Sherlock commanded, a bit breathless himself.
the tutor?”
Sherlock let out a snort, looking to John and Lestrade to see if they joined in on the joke. Neither seemed to find the situation as funny as he did. John even looked a mite worried, which was odd. Did he really think Sherlock would?
“I suppose. Feels symbolic though.”
She got up but John felt himself glued to the chair by Sherlock’s stare.
John snorted as the operator closed them into the bucket and started the ride so the next couple could get on.
"So, what did you really find?" John asked, curious at their destination.
“Not that I’m aware,” John answers the statement dryly, sliding the pistol down the back of his trousers.
John, never one to back down from a challenge, took another sip. It went down like gasoline.
“My bag is downstairs, with my clothes and that. I’ll just go grab it and bring it up. The rest I’ll have to get tomorrow, you know, my… everything else…” John rambled idiotically as he stood and shuffled toward the door. Sherlock’s eyes seemed to be laser-sighted onto him the entire way.
He checked his roommates bed, the closet, under his own bed, everywhere. The coat was gone. What he did find, on his nightstand, was a note, previously nonexistent before John had gone to bed. On it the bird skull sat as a paper weight.
, his conscience mumbled. It had been one of the more transcendental experiences of Sherlock’s young life and John would no doubt be thrilled to know it, considering the obvious pride he took in his…hobby.
But then there she was, on time presumably, at nine on the dot. John leaned in for a friendly cheek kiss, Sherlock was loathe to witness, and together they went inside. With that decided, he slammed the laptop shut and stormed from the flat.
“Chemistry, yes.” Though he’d not be utilizing his degree the way John probably thought. More footwork than labwork, if all went according to plan. Which it would, because Sherlock was a genius.
He sounded so serious, as if he truly wanted John to play a game with him of make believe crime scene right then and there. John couldn’t take it, he burst out laughing and couldn’t stop.
John squeezes the leg between his thighs and runs his thumb over the ridges of Sherlock’s ribs. “Oh, it isn’t?”
I’m sat in that chair still staring at your lips, like I’ve been all this time, while you go over the guest list and the menus and the fucking bridesmaids gowns. And it’s
“Sherlock Holmes, what are you up to, making all that ruckus?” She demanded; stern, motherly scowl in place despite the fact that she was not so secretly looking at John in hope.  Did she see his potential as well?
John’s hand slowed on it’s way toward the milk. Sending Sherlock into the country would be detrimental to his sobriety. John had only known Sherlock for three months and he knew that. Sherlock needed the city to occupy him, needed the cases and his experiments.
“Bokarov? The accomplice?” Sherlock asked as he fixed his collar, professional once again with the new information.
He thought about seeing if he could convince John he was really psychic, but that would just be mean. Instead, he took John’s hand and turned it this way and that.
“That’s your problem.”
They both froze and turned in horror when a familiar, “Hoo Hoo,” called out from down the hall.
“Sure,” John agrees. “You leave me any hot water?” He stares at the telly like Masterpiece Theater has him riveted.
He looked up from his book and blinked at Mrs. Hudson, hoping she’d get bored eventually and leave.
It's another romantic fancy that John thinks the man looks as miserable as John feels. Not just from the hellish heat outside the Mojave desert, but a lingering sense of… aloneness perhaps. He would have a kindred spirit if that were the case. John knows it's ridiculous, the man is clearly well off; even if he's as mean-spirited as he looks, he wouldn’t want for companionship.
Sherlock’s arms crossed and he trudged along beside John, lacking the motivation to find the silly chit who’d stupidly tried to bring down a drug cartel by herself. She could be halfway to Columbia by now, like he cared.
Before he could summon a reply, John’s mobile rang out from his coat pocket. He fished it out, saw that it was Laila, and turned to mumble, “I’ve got to take this.”
"Don't be insolent, boy," his father grumbles. "Your brother got promoted at work."
"Sherlock," John tuts. "Have you been to the hospital?"
He's the last to leave the changing rooms, scraping the mud out of his boots because he has this new bag and his mum will go bananas if he gets it all muddy. He hears the door open and close behind him, and someone steps into the room behind him. He freezes, until he hears that familiar voice behind him.
"Cheers, mate, you're a star," John beams as he catches up with him, and Sherlock starts again. Almost as if he didn't realise the little blond was still at his side. He clears his throat, and John can't tell that he's embarrassed about having been shocked or flustered by the sudden compliment.
Its the only room in the house that doesn't fit the colour scheme, Sherlock's bedroom - and that's just typical, just like Sherlock himself. The rest of the house is all cream walls and pale carpets. Ever the rebel, Sherlock had (without permission, of course) painted his bedroom black when he was  14. The carpet is black too, though Sherlock's got a frayed and faded old rag rug beside his bed. All over his walls, he's tacked up posters all over his walls of old rock bands, and there's a photo of he and John on a school trip to Paris last year in amongst them somewhere (John's moved almost to tears every time he sees it). He's got an impressive hifi system, and a large collection of rock and punk CDs. Most of his reason for owning them is because he likes to play them at top volume and piss off his dad and Mycroft. He's comfortingly messy; it's the most teenage thing about him. John's never seen the word 'floordrobe' apply more to anyone else. The laundry hamper is full, and John makes a mental note to take it down to the utility room in the morning.
Incidentally, that means John stays until its time for his rugby match on Sunday afternoon. Its an away match, so Sherlock can't go, and John's folks are taking Harry this time anyway, so there's not really much reason for him to go. He just doesn't want his little blond companion to go. Sherlock doesn't mind being alone. In fact, he absolutely loves being alone, alone is what protects him. What he's not so keen on, though, is loneliness, and that's something he's been feeling a lot recently. He doesn't really understand why, and that frustrates him, because he likes to understand everything. But he knows that as of recently, even at school where there's over 900 other people, he feels lonely all the time. Even when he's in chemistry and he and Lestrade are talking about crimes they've seen on the news, or when he's in the cafeteria with Molly and she's being far too obvious by fiddling with her hair and fluttering her eyelashes at him. These days, the only times he doesn't feel lonely are the times when John is tagging along with him.
"Go ahead," Sherlock waves at the three empty seats across the table from him, indicating John should take his pick. He settles in the centre one.
you know? You could predict the conversations, they always talk about the same bloody things. You're loads more interesting. I mean - we always have a laugh, you and me, don't we? And you're my best mate. Is that a good enough reason?"
He turns his head away, his blush deepening, and he mutters an apology. John bites his lip.
Somewhere along the line, Sherlock has ended up with a lap-full of Jim, anchoring him in place with arms around his waist, their lips locked together. They also appear to have both lost their shirts at some point, and Jim's nails up and down the length of his back are doing absolutely
"Mum?" she turns. "Am I... are you dissapointed in me, too?"
You can't just ask me stuff like that. I don't even wanna know where you've learned about sex. Jesus," he says.
"Nobody told me," Sherlock shrugs dismissively "I saw it. Sorry, was there something you wanted?"
"Um... right," John clears his throat. "Sorry about that."
"Nothing, my hand's fine," Sherlock holds up his left hand, showing John both sides and flexing his fingers. "See?"
his father. That's strong. Intense. John swallows.
"I love you."
"Is it? Good for her," Sherlock replies, not entirely understanding why he should be interested in that.
Sherlock's eyes meet Victor's for a second, before Vic swivels his away. He has two options. He can tell them the truth and - if they believe him - lose Vic his best mates and likely out him to the world, but ultimately same himself from getting his head kicked in. Or he can roll with the lie, fight the pair of them as best he can and let Vic's dirty little secret stay a secret.
"I should go," Sherlock says.
boring.
"Leave him," the elder Holmes advises. "You know what he's like when he's sulking. He'll want to be alone for a while."
"Someone was really trying to ruin that pretty face of yours," he mutters. "You'll be wanting something for the pain, then?"
"Rugby. Teachers. Girls," he says. Sherlock wrinkles his nose.
"Why didn't you ask me?" John wants to know. He feels slightly jealous in a really irrational way.
He hears Jim's bedroom window creak open above him.
The first thing John saw when he turned around was Sherlock, well within earshot, smirking at him with a mischevous glint in his eye.
"Hey, hey. Neither do I. Live and let live," he says. "Until they're some sick predatory pervert.
But then John's lips are back on his and any train of thought is well and truly derailed. John's belt somehow comes undone and his hands are now fumbling with the button on his jeans.
"Of course not," Mycroft says. "I know you don't have the best picture of me, John, but I'm no monster. Sherlock is my little brother, and I care a great deal about him. I don't want him to get hurt."
Once upon a time, when they were kids, Mycroft and Sherlock had been friends. The elder was expressly forbade to play with his little brother, but he obviously decided this was grossly unfair. It's the only time Sherlock's ever known Mycroft go against their fathers wishes. He'd sneak into Sherlock's room after their Mum and Dad had gone to bed with an armful of toys or an idea for a fantastic new pretend game they could play. They had to be careful not to wake their parents, so they spoke in whispers and crept around the room on tiptoe, but to Sherlock, it was magical. Mycroft would generally stay until long after midnight, when Sherlock would start to get tired and rub his eyes. Then Mycroft would tuck him in and tell him a story. Sometimes he read them out of books, but he mostly made them up himself. They all had one recurring character; Captain Sherlock, the bravest, scariest, most respected pirate in the world. He dug up many a treasure chest and had lots of exciting adventures. Sherlock always fell asleep before the story was finished, and when he woke up in the morning, there was no sign that Mycroft had been in the room at all.
John takes a cab to the party alone on Saturday.
"Fucking hell Sherlock, what happened to your neck?" he says, startled.
"Well you're hardly in a rush to defend me," Sherlock mutters it, but Vic hears and he squeezes Sherlock's shoulders apologetically.
as well. I had one little shit threaten to stab me because I told him to move. Wankers," Sherlock concludes. John can't help laughing. It's always funny to hear Sherlock curse, though he does it probably more than he should. He's got a lovely speaking voice, deep and smooth, and he's reasonably well-spoken, so swears don't always fit into his pattern of speech.
“I think you get off on pissing people off, don’t you, you mad bastard?” John snorts, and Sherlock just grins.
This time, he doesn't stop when John asks him too.
"Are you implying I'm a slut?" she sounds shocked, as if the suggestion is simply ludicrous. Sherlock shrugs.
"No I... I have to go. I'll see you at school on Monday, yeah?" he starts to walk out of the room and Sherlock follows, pulling a pair of jeans on as he does so.
"Not in front of Harry," John mumbles, and Sherlock laughs and turns to the girl.
"Uh, yeah, please, I um..." John indicates the cans underneath his arm. Mike leads him through into the kitchen, where he's handed a glass with a flourish and left alone while Mike goes off to host. No sooner has he emptied the first can does someone tap him on the shoulder. He turns to see Molly Hooper, a mousey-haired, sweet-natured girl who he knows Sherlock sits beside when he bothers to turn up to his Biology classes. He's a sneaking suspicion that Molly's something of a crush on his friend, and her question only confirms that.
When they eventually get downstairs, John calls up their Chinese place and they cuddle on the couch, Sherlock's head resting in John's lap. He bridges his fingers just under his nose and flutters his eyes shut, muttering for John to "let him think". The smaller boy is more than happy to do so, just watching something silly on the television, playing absent-mindedly with a stray curl near Sherlock's ear. Its some stupid reality show in the telly, the kind of thing that Sherlock moans endlessly about. John usually agrees, but now he finds himself enthralled. So much so that he doesn't notice that Sherlock's opened his eyes and is watching him. He's startled when the dark haired boy takes his hand, stroking his fingers gently.
"Listen, Sherly," Phil steps up, and they're nose to nose. "If you're a queer that's all fine and dandy, but you might want to leave Vic
"Mate. You're doing it again," he says. "Come on. Come to mine. I'll make you hot chocolate. And we'll watch a film."
"As much as I may miss it, Sweden has not been home to me since my youth." Johann poured wine into both glasses with masterful control. "It may surprise you to hear it, but fond as my memories may be of the beauty of the Swedish countryside, some parts of the world are even less welcoming of...certain lifestyles. Police raid this neighborhood every other day, and yet it is still safer than the back alleys in which I grew up." Johann smiled good-naturedly. "I am not so eager to leave my life, or my business, behind."
Holmes’s eyes glittered. “An
reveal it to me.” His voice softened. “And that you have experienced intolerance from others. Our species is often a callous one, and set in its ways even at the suffering of its own kind. You deserve much more than what our contemporaries offer you, Watson.”
“Tonight?”
"I imagine the people whose homes he burned would disagree," I said dryly, reaching for the already-perused morning paper lying across my side-table.
Seething, I found the mechanism in the dark and seized it, twisting hidden cogs. Finally, finally, an entire minute after the shot that had rattled apart my adamantine control, the screech of giving metal gave way to sunlight and escape. I bolted from the room to the window. The sight of the carriage galloping down the road with Watson inside was bottled fear and lightning, paralyzing me for a fraction of a moment before I sprinted headlong for the stairs. Hopkins barreled after me through the front door.
“An opportunity to utilize my methods. Watson?"
My gaze fell immediately to his mouth. It was slightly thin, in complement to all his fine features, and his lips were of such comely natural pink that I had often agonized over them in my lonelier hours. No one on earth knew the feeling of those lips upon theirs. The idea that this could change, that it could change
“So you dashed ash all across his carpet, and left him alone to reveal himself. And caught two pairs of pacing footsteps in the process.”
Jaw tight, I carefully stepped over Holmes’s body, placing myself between him and his attackers. My adversary sneered over his swollen nose.
“Come on, Watson,” I begged. My eyes were stinging.
Immediately, Hopkins stepped forward and took her by the arm, reciting the prerequisite words of arrest and options for solicitation. With unexpected ferocity, she shook off his grip and tore something from a sewn pocket in her gown, lifting it to her face.
” I retorted, glaring at his thin, pale face as he failed to meet my gaze. “For two weeks you refused to eat properly on the heels of that nefarious forger, and you
“The manuscript can wait,” Holmes said, drumming his fingers on the table as I carefully turned hot water into his cup. “And the puzzles offered in the post last week have been dealt with.”
“I have been saving this particular ensemble for an occasion such as this, Watson." Holmes said, and his teeth were a perfect peal of white in their new mustached surroundings. “I am glad you approve.”
“We must return to Evesham, Watson.”
“I took them by surprise." I felt my face harden at the memory of their twisted faces, the gut-wrenching eddies of panic and rage. I closed my eyes at the red vividness of blood which flashed in my mind, weeping from my knuckles, trailing from Holmes’s mouth.
“You’re tellin’ me!” the station master slurred, my tone having clearly gone over his slosh-ridden head. “Can’t get any peace round here, always something or another! Now, you have to send a telegram every time a train comes and goes, proper bure-bureau—proper paperwork
“Holmes,” I protested, and as my voice reached his ears he halted midstride. Turning on a heel, he looked back to me, and for a fraction of a moment his mask of concentration slid away.
I shook my head with pity, and found I could not stop reading. “
“I do,” he said quietly. "But I'm afraid I would do it again. Without hesitation.”
“What does that—” The man turned red as a tomato. “I was the top of my class!”
“I am glad to hear it,” I said earnestly, relieved that Fred had an adult looking after his needs while we worked our case.
theatrical whims
. I have loved men before."
“Who was just expressing his admiration for your good friend’s stories in the papers,” Quincey said calmly, the warmth in his eyes somewhat dimmed. "I won’t infringe on your evening any longer.”
The next morning, I awoke in my bed.
With that, the boys trotted out of the sitting room and left us alone. An invisible hand took hold of my heart in my ribcage, squeezing ruthlessly.
molly house will be instrumental in our efforts to maintain security over our borders. So you understand if we are...apprehensive that you will deliver on your promises."
“I see you’ve made a friend, John,” Holmes said, at a louder volume. Somehow, his chosen accent had become even more sophisticated and imperious than before. “How very quaint.”
“I implore you to study my treatise with more attention, Watson,” Holmes said haughtily, and I nodded like I always did at the suggestion. “I direct you to the first letter of the first word. And then to the second letter of the second word, and so on per line.”
“I found myself, in those first few months, strangely unable to accept your absence. My choice to leave you behind in London was born of logic—to keep you from harm's way, and destroy what was left of Moriarty's organization. But after I left England, my once-singular focus was divided. On the hunt, my mind would...wander, inevitably, to your welfare. Just as often, I wished you were beside me, knee deep in the danger. It was...irrational. I knew you were safer at a distance. That I worked better alone. But despite these facts, despite all the years I had spent tracking down and eliminating criminal elements in the time before I met you, I found I could not banish you from my thoughts, not completely. The work compelled me, as it always does, to success in destabilizing Moriarty’s network. But an aspect of myself, one that remained stubbornly outside my dominion…longed for your company.”
as I am a man grown.”
“I must have misplaced it when I tried to send a message earlier—which I was prevented from doing! Blasted little upstart!” The man hollered the last towards the ticket office, where from behind the window, young Master Bertram cringed.
“Never in my life have I made such an egregious error in judgement,” Holmes said, voice hushed and quick. He all but lurched forward towards me, his face seized with urgency. “I beg you not to take a step further before I apologize for what I—for what is clearly the greatest miscalculation I have ever drawn.”
“Something must have been taken, then,” I said, and frowned. “Didn’t the Professor tell you nothing was missing, Inspector?”
My gaze continued to trail numbly across our flat, across his things, items I could never bear to pack away. I couldn’t live amongst them, maintain a memorial like some haunted widow, but I could not...I could not just shove it all away out of sight. This was our home. Furthermore, I couldn’t fathom living anywhere else.
“My treat, Doctor,” said Quincey, teeth polished and perfectly white, and I sighed internally that we had to meet tonight, of all nights.
“Indeed,” said the young man, his shoulders slumping with exhaustion. I did not envy the master; it was never easy, to be the object of public displeasure. “This train is a regular line for those who work in Nottingham and London, and we have...many unhappy passengers. The train could not be delayed, either, for the error to be cleared up—it states very clearly in the rules, paragraph two-thirty-four of article two-G forty-three, that in the event of complaint—”
me, Watson, and it angered me, because where once our friendship had been a positive outlier in my history with others of our kind, now it seemed…insufficient.” Holmes’s cool mask cracked, and he dropped his head. “No. Not insufficient. It was not that your friendship did not sustain me. It merely incited more. More within me, and a greater, more foolish desire to…”
I swallowed hard, cursing Coram and cursing myself. My own writing had made a pawn of me, and Holmes was to suffer for it.
“There is nothing I would not give you, should you ask it,” I said. My heart
“It’s not that,” I hissed under my breath. “Heaven’s sake, Holmes, for all your powers, you cannot tell me you haven’t noticed?”
The Professor scoffed, humorless and cruel. “You mean to say that I could lie upon that bed and not be aware that a woman had entered my room?” he asked, jeering. He exhaled smoke from his nose, a dragon in the dim bedroom light.
We crossed the threshold of the bridge, jolting as wheels rolled from dirt to stone, and I took my chance. In the moment where the two of us jerked in our seats, I grabbed Anna by the wrist and jerked the barrel outwards. There was the thunderous blast of gunfire as she pulled the trigger, deafening me, and through the roaring in my ears I heard an unholy shrieking and suddenly, the world shook, rumbled, and tilted on its axis. I briefly experienced the sensation of falling, blinding cold, and then, in an ocean of numbness, nothing but darkness closing in.
“Good to see you, Lestrade,” I said, exhaling loudly. The Inspector tipped his head at me.
"Let me finish," Holmes pleaded. "Let me finish it all and then judge me for my actions. I never wanted—would never seek to cause you pain, Watson. Grant me the chance to explain myself, before damning me completely."
“Errors indeed,” I said, surprised. “The meaning’s clear enough, but it reads like a man asleep at the prompter!”
I turned, and through sheer force of will, my jaw managed to remain hinged.
My friend’s eyes had closed, his dark eyebrows crashing low.
“You are right,” she cried, eyes wild. She was pale and thin, a wraith in a red velvet dress, her black hair piled in a perfect braided crown upon her head. “You are right,
, my dear Inspector,” I said, with admitted cheek. “Perhaps he learned it from the faint brown-black mud on your boots.”
“We wait with bated breath, sir,” Coram said, white-knuckled hands fisting in his blanket. “When did you solve it? In the garden?”
A hunk of quartz had lodged itself in my throat. “Holmes,” I said. My shoulders threatened to slump, but I steeled myself. I had faced more frightening danger, I told myself. What is this to war? To Maiwand? This was only Holmes.
The carriage horses, with their tresses, were unmoored upon the bridge, one lame and screaming upon the arch. The right low wall of the bridge featured a crumbling hole that had not been there before, the end result of a massive, heavy object turning over and blasting through weak stonework.
A physical tide of anger and terror rippled through me where I stood. Holmes could not trade his life for mine, I could not bear it, I could not stand by and lose him a second time. I would not survive it.
“But the light, Holmes,” I said, shaking my head. “And the train whistle, I know I heard it!”
"I have certainly received less polite requests for my expertise,” said Holmes, amused. “As for the aforementioned "Wiggy", I believe he is a fellow that the both of us are acquainted with."
“Now it is, then,” said Holmes, and I smiled in victory.
“Aha! We
“Two young gentlemen to see you, Mr. Holmes,” she said, and the unmistakable note of fondness of her tone made all too certain a near-future of fresh pastries. Stepping aside to allow our house guests entry, I saw precisely why her motherly instincts had been roused.
“I will do my best,” said Holmes, folding his hands together. “But for the sake of those aboard, I will not waste time, Mr. Everett. I believe you can be of help to us, as well.”
I thought. After the funeral, we had exchanged a few words. For all that that the elder espoused the stoicism of his family line, he had been exceedingly kind to me in our parting. His thanks for the years of friendship I had offered his brother had been enough to nearly drive me to tears in a public setting; it was only through pride and the knowledge he’d be made uncomfortable by my distress that I had restrained myself.
"It doesn't have to be."
I felt as if I had been struck by lightning.
Like a slow-moving glacier, chill crept over Holmes’s face and into his voice. “See for yourself,” he said quietly, handing it off to me. Disturbed by his tone, I took it, and began quickly to read.
Below our feet, there was the faint rumble of the front door opening and the sound of boots crossing the threshold, and we met eyes.
“A wholly practical assortment, I thought. And the trunk is quite handsome, wouldn’t you say? I came by it through a very interesting shop in Westminster—”
“A capital idea, John,” Holmes said, eyes glittering. The inside of my cheek would be a tattered mess by the end of the night, if he was going to continue to voice my Christian name in that manner. There was no comparison for Holmes’s demeanor when he was on a case. Everything about him seemed heightened: his eyes shined like quicksilver, sword-sharp and captivating, his voice insinuated into the air with cool intensity, and even his movements seemed to dance the line between electrified and graceful—he was like bottled lightning, crackling and alive. People would be drawn to him like magnets throughout the night. Mournfully, I shifted towards him on my bar stool, hoping against reason that my closeness would deter any passerby.
not as it truly occurred. It is a risk to record it here now, in my most private of journals. But I crave relief and despise the frailty in my bones, and writing is the only cure I know for bad dreams that does not damn me to addiction. So nevertheless...I will write it down. If not to unravel the dark tangle of emotions lurking in my mind as I sit in bed, waiting for the morning sun to rise, then at least to finally grant these events the same treatment as my other adventures with Holmes. They deserve that, and more, for all their consequences have changed my life so utterly since.
have passed. There’s simply no other way off the premises, the brick border wall of the property is tall, mortared brick and beyond scaling, especially in stormy weather—and it could only have been the murderer, since neither the gardener nor anyone else had been there that morning and the rain had only begun during the night.”
a quiet voice said in my ear.
With measured slowness, I dropped the edge of my paper low enough to raise an unimpressed eyebrow. Wisely, Holmes lifted his palms in surrender, retreating to his desk to leave me in peace as Mrs. Hudson entered with tea for the both of us.
Holmes stared at me, lips parted in a pale pink sliver.
“Did you?”
“I don’t possess all the pieces,” he admitted, with uncommon modesty. “I suppose I could have interrogated the couple in their cells for the details, but I had somewhere more important to be.” My chest lurched with affection at the reminder he'd deemed my welfare more important than satisfaction with a case.
“It is a shame your stories are so popular, Dr. Watson,” Coram murmured, a malevolent spectre at my ear. “For all that you claim to admire the man, you took no issue in publishing his greatest weakness for all the world to see. For a man meant to be a machine, you must mean quite a lot to him, to conjure the emotion that I see on his face now.”
“Coram,” he said. His voice was polished obsidian, reflecting nothing. "If you intend to escape from Kent with your wife alive, you will need an able-bodied hostage. The doctor’s leg is a liability you cannot afford.”
life. But Moriarty was the crowned head of the hydra. Holmes had said himself that he led a network that spanned England and the entire Continent. Holmes was dead and his last, noble act had been to take the Prince of Crime with him. But he had left the rest. Had left
Holmes swallowed. "Quite," he said. "But I was under the impression..." He looked briefly embarrassed, and I found it terribly endearing. "In the spare times I have caught view of couples exchanging such things in public, there seemed to be much more...interchange, involved."
“No?” I incline my head to where he sits on my bed. "You only just admitted to fretting, my dear man."
Hopkins and I followed his quick beeline down the stairs, around through the east hallway below, and out the back door by the study. The backyard was just as well manicured as the front, and not too far from the patio sat a small, if not quaint, brick cottage covered in thickets of green ivy.
“Always are.” With a parcel of Mrs. Hudson’s finest goods, the lad scarpered off, and I leaned back to see Holmes smiling at me.
to those dearest to them for years and disappear." Holmes swallowed. "I cannot...I cannot own your heart, Watson, not when I have treated it so poorly."
she’d said. “My god, Holmes,” I said, eyes wide. “Nihilists. The both of them.”
“Holmes,” I said. I could not help but sigh his name, too exhausted to laugh, but I settled for a weak, if grateful smile. “I’m glad to see you alright.”
Despair swallowed me, and then, in my arms, Watson spasmed to life.
Holmes weaved his fingers together. “Observing the scene of the crime, it was clear that his death was not accidental. But premeditation challenged me, laid against the murder weapon. I could not fathom why a killer would make a move on their victim without a prepared weapon on their person beforehand. Even someone who had been familiar with the estate would not have relied upon finding a knife such as the one in the study to do the deed, it would have been too risky.”
“Watson, there were simply not enough rooms in the upper east wing. A bedroom, the sitting room and that massive study below, and only two rooms and a linen closet above? I knew the moment we entered the professor’s room that it was not large enough to account for the difference in area from the ground floor. I inspected Ms. Tarlton’s bedroom and the linen closet to confirm the theory. There were nearly three meters in the hallway unaccounted for within the floor plan.”
The boy visibly gathered his courage. “T-Thank you for meetin’ me, Mr. ‘Olmes.” With a full sentence, I recognized that the boy’s voice had the hints of a Scottish burr, the likes of which I’d not heard from a child since I was a boy myself in Edinburgh. “Wiggy told me you were the best in the city to go to when someone was wantin’ help and well…” The boy trailed off, and his dark eyes glittered with a sheen of unshed tears. “I—I be needing it, sir.”
” I said lowly.
Holmes was dead.
“Like hell I won’t,” I snapped, cruder than I intended, but the very sight of him—face swollen in bruises, his chest wrapped beneath a thin linen gown, paler than death—incensed me to my core. “First the attack on Mr. Johnson and Ms. Winter, and now you. Christ’s sake, look at the state of you, Holmes.” His handsome face was marred with red contusions, which would purple and yellow in time. One eye had nearly swelled shut, and his bottom lip had been split open. The sight of his ribs when the physician had inspected them still consumed me, eating away at my good nature with poisonous teeth.
“Your hands, my dear fellow,” he said, knees knocking against mine as the cab swayed on the country road.
“My older sister is lookin’ after im,” Wiggins informed us. “She’s a maid and had a little work for ‘im to do, in exchange for some proper food til ‘is brother turns up.”
“Precisely. Meanwhile, I required proof. I went in search of wet clothing, which I knew had to exist if Coram was complicit and, by proxy, had a close accomplice. Observing the hallway, I hypothesized that there was a hidden room attached to the Professor’s bedroom, but such a deception...it could not have been maintained by the professor alone. A living person, hidden in a home for years? She required meals, transportation to town for her needs—like, perchance, optometry. All these were things the Professor could not have provided himself without giving something away.”
“I beat upon your back. Gave you my air. You would not breathe, even when I—” His voice cracked, and his shining eyes went unseeing, fixed on some distant nightmare. “You had no pulse. I believed—I thought you were—”
“Ale or wine, gentlemen?” Johann was a tall and well-built fellow, blond and handsome in a somewhat hardened, masculine way; his voice, as indicated by his name, had a bit of an accent that I did not recognize—Scandinavian, likely, but where specifically I could not say. He moved behind the bar with practiced ease, sidling up to us with a small smile. "Something from the tap? Whisky?"
To my shock, I felt my friend’s leather-gloved hand move to the small of my back.
“Without pulling the brakes? S’not possible,” the station master said firmly, continuing to shake his head and stare off in the direction the train had been. “I can’t believe it...”
my good doctor.”
“All of them?” I said, surprised. Holmes scowled. It appeared my instincts about Holmes’s mood were correct, palimpsest or no.
“I’m off to gather intelligence,” Holmes said, swinging the door open, and he angled his chin over his shoulder. “Unless you have any other life-altering secrets to confess, Watson?”
My hands moved gladly to his body, as if drawn by magnets. I rounded my palms across Holmes's tapered waist, burying the delight the minor contact elicited in me.
Pain flickered in my chest, and I willed away forgotten tides of grief, oceans of loneliness.
“Mrs. Hudson nearly had a conniption! Meanwhile
Muscles relaxing in victory, Holmes inclined his head. “Well?”
I said, endlessly amused, and laughed outright at the relief that crossed Holmes’s face. “But some…positive reinforcement wouldn’t be out of order.”
The color drained from the young man’s face, his eyes going wide with recognition. “
standing over you with sticks—”
If they made it to the station, there would be no way to ensnare them without placing Watson at risk. I
“Such a shame that my work was interrupted this way, by such a tragedy,” Professor Coram said, voice thick with fatigue and regret. “Who could have foreseen it? And that such a catastrophe should have come to such an estimable young man…” He shook his head. “After some proper training he was an admirable assistant. Smart and hard-working, and detail minded. Could read my handwriting as well as myself, too, which was no easy task.” He craned his head at Holmes, brows coming together to form a troubled, whiskery mountain range. “Tell me, Mr. Holmes, what do you make of it? Have you any idea how my assistant came to such a fate? How such a blackguard could have entered my house and left it with barely a trace of himself?”
Watson, for weeks now, but now you can truly see the consequences of publishing such fiction.”
I am no poet. My abilities extend to prose and little more. But there, lurking by the Professor’s door, eyes glittering with the fire of the hunt, I thought—not for the first time—that Holmes looked immortal. A raven-haired Orion, lethal and calculating, stunning and mythic and the most cocksure creature on this earth. I would do anything he asked and follow him anywhere he went, and so I nodded, like I always did, the mortal enchanted by the demigod.
His eyes shine like the waves of the Channel on a cold wintry morning. “And I you,” he says quietly. His answering smile is small and completely breathtaking. My heart lifts in my chest, lighter than air.
“I wasn't upset," I say honestly, and swallow my pride. "But it may have...stirred some memories. I do have my methods for coping with such things." I gesture to my journal, which lay beside me.
“Alive, Mr. Larssen. If my boss is satisfied with our agreement, he will be returned to you soon.”
I drew it close to the flame and read. My stomach plummeted in my chest.
“A nightmare,” Holmes repeats, expression grave and worse, sorrowful. “But not of the war.”
Holmes’s eyebrows shot upwards, and his eyes grew wide. I summoned my courage, unwilling to stop now that I had struck the match, and clenched my hands on the arms of my study chair.
“I believe you’re on the right track, Watson,” said Holmes. “Good sir, the directions to Bridlington station, if you please. I believe we may find valuable information there—if not pertaining directly to this “special wagon”, then at least its owner.” He turned to me, eyes bright. “We must head there as soon as possible.”
Chest full of lead, I gingerly withdrew my pistol and lay it carefully on the ground.
“Holmes,” I said, sighing his name.
leaf. You know how I pride myself on the identification of tobacco leaf and ash. The cigarettes were Sobranie. Combined with the photographs of the Ural mountains in the ground floor hallway and Coram's peculiar vocal tic, I determined he was Russian himself.”
“For all your nannying over my health, you neglect your own so easily,” he said, and I found myself flushing at the combination of his arch gaze and gentle motions as he warmed my icy hands.
trivial, was he?"
“Need I remind you why we are taking this holiday?”
“It is almost disappointing," she said. "I expected more. Perhaps he is not as smart as you think.” Her painted lips stretched into a smile. “Or as he thinks. I wonder what he will think of himself tomorrow, when he fails to save you in the end.”
“Diamonds?”
worked the hours that Fred had first put forward to us. In actuality, he had been scheduled for early morning to late afternoon shifts for the past two months, and his evenings were free. Something had prevented Peter from coming home every night, and Holmes and I had our suspicions it was the Circle, and moreover, the man’s new lover.
“Watson?”
“Well,” Holmes said, voice dry. “That could certainly explain a few things.”
"How did they—" Worthy began, and his lips pulled back in a snarl. "You
“Nah. Didn’t sit near their car. They were in the expensive seats, anyhow. Not for
"The dirty tools in the storeroom,” he said, announcing himself like a thrown dagger as he charged through the door. “Why are they there?”
“The maid is prepared to swear that those were the exact words,” Hopkins intoned. “He tried desperately to say something else, and he held his right hand up in the air, perhaps reaching for her. But he fell back dead before he managed it, or another word. She ran for the cottage in the back of the estate, and after waking the housekeeper and Mortimer they dashed back to the house to wake the professor. They found him sitting up in bed, horribly agitated, for he had heard enough to convince him that something terrible had occurred. However, his physical state left him unable to get out of bed alone to see for himself what had transpired. Mortimer and Susan both swear he was still in his night-clothes, and indeed, that it’s impossible for him to dress or leave bed without the gardener’s assistance.”
I raised an eyebrow, but acknowledging he had been uncharacteristically tolerant of my nagging for an unprecedented period of weeks, I relented. “Only the one then. With promise we shall both eat again at
“Quincey, please,” said Mr. Mulberry, his accent seemingly deepening as he tipped his bowler, and I found myself laughing good-naturedly at his forwardness. “And...I admit, the fellow you entered with did not escape my attention, but...” He shrugged his broad shoulders. “He isn’t here now, and I like to consider myself a man of opportunity. At least, when it comes to meeting fellows I admire.”
“I agreed to a deal,” Johann said. “I will sell your liquor at whatever price you set. Now please, just let Peter go.”
Holmes did not look by any measure satisfied with my agreement. Instead he turned away, with an indifference that stung more than vitriol ever could.
I opened my eyes to see Holmes smirking at me, somehow closer than he was moments before. He looked, as always, singularly handsome, his statuesque nobility sharpened in the firelight to fine, hewn panes. He was of uncommon and strange beauty: too sharp and too thin, with a rapier smile and deadly intellect to match.
But his mission, I found, was not.
“When?” Holmes said sharply. When the man failed to respond quickly, he rapped his walking stick upon the man’s desk, making him jump in his seat. “Your
Johann jerked his chin. “Yes. To stall until exactly nine ‘o clock.”
“Would either of you like some tea?”
“Yes, inspector,
“Watson,” he says against my mouth. Thrill skitters beneath my skin at the sound of my name in his voice at such a register, low and amorous, tones I never before knew him capable of and now pursue without rest. “There is time enough.”
"Home away from home," Sherlock confirms. "
At around ten, the door opens and his mum's there.
"Why don't you come and play with me any more?" he'd asked, and Mycroft shushed him furiously..
The rugby team is one of the places John finally feels like he's making friends aside from Sherlock.
"I hate how he's always... lurking. He just watches me all the time, waits for me to trip up so he can take the piss," Sherlock sighs. "I hate him."
"I'll take it," Sherlock leans forwards and winces as he jars his ribs. Jim laughs.
"Has he ever... does he treat you okay?" he asks. Sherlock shrugs.
"How are you not freezing?" he addresses the boy at his side. Sherlock Holmes wears the same thing he wears every day - light button down shirt, well-cut trousers and that grey knee-length jacket that so many people at school covet. The coat is open, and Sherlock has his hands buried deep in the pockets. He's not looking at John; he's staring at the sky, a million miles away from the real world, lost in his own thought. He simply shrugs in response to John's question and John knows what that means :-
"I don't know that I'd go that far," John shifts uncomfortably, and Victor actually laughs.
"John! I'm home!"
"You okay, pal?" he asks, and he says it delicately because he knows he answer already.
That warm, soft smell like  toast and the tumble-dryer and soap. The smell of security and home. And he
"A guy I know," Sherlock is being deliberately vague, John can tell. He doesn't press any further, for fear of frustration. After a pause, Sherlock continues. "Besides which, Victor Trevor will be there."
"To be honest, all those lot are a bit boring," John sighs. "I like them, the rugby lads and Sally and that lot. But they're just so
"I don't smoke. Thanks for offering, though," John smiles at him.  Victor smiles back, blows smoke out in rings. John laughs. Without even thinking about who he's talking to he comments "Sherlock's really good at those."
"He's okay," he says, though he doesn't really know for sure. Sherlock doesn't ever really show any emotions one way or the other and seems horribly embarrassed any time his stoic façade slips. The only time he's ever really gotten animated about anything, it's been about Victor. Usually, he wouldn't say anything, but the four lagers that he's sunk make John that bit braver.
Jim has cut the lines on the glass surface of the coffee table and Sherlock finds himself more than usually eager to get on it. Jim watches him, amused.
"I'd better not," he says. "Thanks for the offer, but my parents don't actually know I'm gone. I'd better get back, they'll go mad if I'm not in when they get up."
"Nothing," Sherlock mumbles, covering his hand over with his sweater sleeve.
"You're a bastard," Sherlock growls between kisses. "You're a bastard and I fucking hate you."
"What else can I do?" Sherlock mutters, and he looks so genuinely hurt and upset and
"No," Sherlock says, quietly. Then he takes a deep breath. "I had an argument with Mycroft and I got really mad and punched the wall."
John and Sherlock's first kiss goodbye is a sweet open-mouths-no-tongues affair. Sherlock tastes of cigarettes and bubblemint gum and John knows it should be unpleasant but it really isn't. When they pull apart, Sherlock smiles and kisses John's forehead.
There's a long pause between them. Then Vic sighs heavily.
They arrive at John's within five minutes and John stashes their coats away in the cupboard in the hallway.
"Here we are. Chemistry Six. See you," and he turns smartly on his heel to walk away.
"Oh no? What's he said about me, then?" he asks. John clears his throat awkwardly.
"Hey. How about we go and have that shower you were talking about last night?" he whisperes.
"He treats me fine," he says. "Why would you ask?"
"I'm fine," he says, though his cheeks are wet and flushed.
"Oh. Boyfriend, then?" John asks, and Sherlock shakes his head no. "Because you know it's okay if..."
"Girlfriends aren't my area," he says, delicately.
"I'll do it for you," Sherlock offers. "Please stay. I'm sorry."
"No," Greg says. John shrugs.
He glances down at their hands, his own bright red from the cold, Sherlock's clothed in soft black gloves. Sherlock doesn't even seem to have noticed, he's ranting away and strolling along as if it's the most natural thing in the world to have your fingers tangled with your best friend's. Your best friend who happens to be another boy and who also happens to be as straight as an arrow - which he
When John goes up to the library at lunchtime, he finds Sherlock is in there again, in the chair where he'd been at break.
"Ms Heath, is there an issue?" the voice of Mr Lestrade, the school librarian, startles the dyed-redhead into turning around. She smiles in that simpering, sickening way that she does to all conventionally attractive men.
"Ugh. Really?" John complains.
"Are you still stuck on that same question? Give it to me," Sherlock picks up John's worksheet and scribbles the answer to the question on it. "Really John, it isn't that hard. Do you want me to go over it with you?"
When Sherlock nods, John goes through to the kitchen, almost thankful to get out of the room. It's strange, the awkwardness. It's not something John's ever felt around Sherlock before. The brunette makes others uncomfortable with his deductions and those piercing blue eyes but John's never felt anything but safe and happy in Sherlock's company. He thinks Sherlock's brilliant, and Sherlock likes how quick and wise John is with medical stuff. They can actually hold an intellectually stimulating conversation for more than five minutes - more than either of them manage with most other people they know - and they have a laugh together. They're best friends, as close as brothers.
"I'm John. John Watson," the blond states.
John. I don't see what you like so much about them."
"I wasn't expecting you to turn up here," Sherlock mumbles.
They get twenty minutes into Lost Boys before they lose interest in it and get interested in each other instead. They're a tangle of lips and limbs and sheets for a long while and somewhere in that time they both end up in their boxers. Sherlock starts to get nervous then, especially as John's hands trail further down his chest and stomach. When they reach his crotch, Sherlock gasps and pulls away. John's hands fly away from Sherlock's body as if his skin is white hot.
Sherlock complains.
"How you do so well on exams is beyond me," she says. "You're such a bright boy. Well, you'd best be off. Don't want you being late. I'll see you later, dear."
"I'm just as stubborn as you are, you know," Sherlock quirks one eyebrow upwards.
"Yeah," John grins. "It's nice."
"Just an idea I'm playing with," the taller boy replies. "Do you like it?"
"Not what I heard. Why don't you go to your German class and leave Mr Holmes here to his reading, eh?" he says, stepping aside and gesturing towards to door.
The bang of the front door cracks through his thoughts, and he's almost grateful for it. He hears Mycroft hang up his jacket, and the living room door creaks open.
"Jesus, Sherlock," Jim Moriarty looks him up and down. "You'd better come in."
"Don't do this, Vic," Sherlock closes his eyes and shakes his head. "Please don't do this to me. I'm trying to move on. Please don't make me fall for you again."
Sherlock doesn't say anything in response - he's in no mood for exchanging pleasantries. Instead he fumbles roughly with the fastening of Vic's trousers. Victor has clearly had the same idea - he's clawing at Sherlock's chest with such vigour that he quite literally tears some of his shirt buttons away.
And with that, Anderson turns on his heel and walks away.
"Victor Trevor is, to put it bluntly, an almighty cunt and I'd rather spend as little time in his presence as possible," it mostly sounds completely matter-of-fact, except for the place in the middle where Sherlock's voice hitches.
Sherlock waits until he's sure Mycroft has gone all the way downstairs before he retrieves his pillow and shuts the bedroom door. He sighs as he sits back on the edge of his bed.
It's not that Sherlock doesn't want friends, of course. He may not give a damn if he's liked or not, but John knows he craves companionship as much as the next person. Thing is, he never really learned how to make friends. Sherlock rarely goes into detail about his personal life, but John's not daft, he's worked most of it out for himself from the little Sherlock has told him, and the even littler he's observed himself. Sherlock's been told from a young age that he's not good enough. He's not as smart as Mycroft and he's cockier than Mycroft and he's more arrogant than Mycroft and his people skills aren't as good as Mycroft's and (though he'll deny it furiously) he's shier than Mycroft. He's not
That silence stretches out between them again. Vic clears his throat.
"Are they getting bad?" John asks, awkwardly. Sherlock actually laughs there.
"Jesus Christ, Harry. Yes, we just snog," he says. "Can't we stop talking about it now? You're making me uncomfortable."
"It's nothing," Sherlock insists. Jim's fingers find the scars on his sides, and he sighs.
"I would've assumed you'd have heard by now," Sherlock's voice is flat, emotionless, gives nothing away.
enough to win their dad's approval. Of course, being the golden child, Mycroft has never done anything to stop their father saying what he does  to Sherlock. Why should he? Makes him sound better. Even their mother, who Sherlock adores, isn't much better. True, she's generous with the hugs and kisses if Sherlock's driven to tears (which John knows is more often than he lets on), but she never tells Sherlock that he
He can hear voices in there as soon as he enters. Strange. There's never anybody here this early in the morning. He rounds a corner to see Lestrade, deep in conversation with John. They both look up.
"You're so untidy," John tuts.
doesn't bore me," Sherlock says. "Chemistry is
gay. He's into girls. He's known for being something of a smooth bastard on the rugby team, and he always manages to pull when he tries. He's snogged most of the girls in their year and slept with a lot of them too. Cuddling with Sherlock is nothing.
“Don’t be sorry,” suddenly, there’s a pair of warm, soft arms around Sherlock’s waist and a head on his shoulder. “They should be sorry. Not you.”
"Hi Harry," Sherlock says, with a small grin. Harry glances at the screen.
"Is he one of the dickheads who picks on you?" John asks, confused because every time he's seen Victor he seems to be extremely pleasant and kind. Sherlock scoffs.
"I'll get your mind cleared right up in no time," Jim winks. "What's bugging you?"
"We'll arrange some kind of payment, okay?" he says, with a wink.
"He gets really pissed off with me any time I ask him about you," he says. Vic smiles humourlessly there.
"Outside your house," Sherlock tells him, and one peek out of his bedroom window confirms that Sherlock is, indeed, standing on the pavement outside, leaning against a lampost and watching John's bedroom. John groans.
This is something that's been a semi-regular occurrence since Sherlock and Vic ended. Jim's never hidden the fact that he's got something of a soft spot for Sherlock; always letting him know about the best stuff first, always playing with Sherlock's hair, telling him how pretty he is, making dodgy proposals on more than one occasion. Sherlock's not entirely sure what they
Then, John notices Sherlock's open collar, and more notably the bruises.
"Mycroft got a promotion this weekend," he informs his younger son.
"No you don't. You're seventeen. You aren't going to start smoking," his father warns, and Sherlock has to fight to not laugh out loud.
"She's having a party. You should come," John tells him. Sherlock scoffs.
"Possibly," Sherlock shrugs, like it's no big deal. The cool demeanour is back, but John saw the flash in his eyes.
"I have no idea what you're talking about," Sherlock says, though he has a feeling he does.
"Crystal," John replies, and he's a little offended. He'd never dream of doing anything to hurt Sherlock. If Mycroft knew anything about them, he'd know that. John bites his lip. "I think I should go. Tell Sherlock I said I'll see him tomorrow, won't you?"
"Yeah," Sherlock agrees, smiling. "I wish we could do it more often."
"I'm fine," Sherlock says, and John tuts.
"Not enough, apparently," Sherlock doesn't budge.
Vic accepts it, lets it dangle between his lips as he finds his jeans and wriggles back into them, breathless.
"Oh," John doesn't believe it, but he's learned already that there is exactly zero sense in starting an argument with Sherlock Holmes. No matter who is wrong and who is right, Sherlock is winning simply because he's so bloody
"Yikes," Jim winces. "Why?"
The only person who John hasn't found to be a total patronising arsehole is Sherlock. John gets the feeling that he's rejected by his peers as well. If not for the way that girl called him
"John! Are you alright up there, sweetheart?" his mum's voice comes again, and John rolls his eyes.
"It's a maybe," he says, because he's Sherlock, and he'll never fully change his mind. But for John, he's willing to meet halfway. It's good enough for the little blond and he bounces up to the balls of his feet so he can kiss the tip of Sherlock's nose.
Sherlock.”
"Well. This is where we part ways," he says, stepping towards John, who leans back, confused.
"We're going to make sure it doesn't," Phil says, and Sherlock admits he has a surge of fear when Phil's hands ball into fists. He wears two pretty sizeable rings on each hand, and Sherlock's heard about the damage he so enjoys inflicting with them. He can fight if he needs to, but this is three on one and he doubts anybody would fancy those odds. He takes a step back.
"Hiya Mum," she says. Then she smirks. "Hi, John. Hi, Sherlock."
" Sherlock groans. "I just... I don't
"Sherlock, why don't you tell someone?" John asks, and Sherlock doesn't look impressed.
"Well I came for the chair but that was..." the boy looks startled and confused and.. impressed. "How d'you do that?"
“I may or may not have pointed out some of the less pleasant features of that Smallwood girl he’s so interested in,” he says.
"Or you all need to stop pushing me to lose it," Sherlock retorts, with a casual shrug. Mycroft's jaw sets and that's how Sherlock know's he's right, knows he's won. It's a rare victory, and he doesn't have long to enjoy it because it starts to rain and they both rush in through the door. Sherlock shakes his curls to get rid of the water droplets and Mycroft shrugs off his coat, hanging it on the coat rack. Their father is waiting for them in the hallway. He regards Sherlock coldly.
an advantage. Now for God's sake can we stop talking about it."
"Hello, Sherlock, love," she says. "I didn't realise you were here. Are you okay, darling?"
"C'mon. Let's go up to my room. It's more comfortable," he whispers. Sherlock nods, following John up the stairs and along the landing to his bedroom.
do with a cup of tea.
Sherlock Holmes does not form emotional attachments. He has to remind himself of that. It's unnecessary, getting involved in people. Distracts the mind from things that are more important. Besides which, when you're Sherlock, it'll probably end up badly for you. He certainly learned
"It's complicated," he says, groaning at the impossibility of ever explaining friends with benefits to an 11-year-old.
Her skirt is rucked up even shorter than it usually is, her blouse buttoned (or, rather, unbuttoned) to show even more cleavage. She's wearing sparkly lip gloss, which has several stray hairs caught in it, and her nails have been recently done. She's put on a few inches around the waist in the past week. Comfort eating, no doubt. On top of all that, she's leaning over the table in what Sherlock supposes is intended to be a sexy way as she's talking to Philip Anderson, the damn idiot. He's positively
He does it a lot, when he needs to clear his head. Walks around the park about half a mile from his house and smokes a lot. It's probably not safe, but he can run fast and fight well if it comes to it, so he's not too afraid. Besides, he's never need to run from or fight with anybody so statistically, he can safely assume he's going to be okay. It's not like it's a bad neighbourhood or anything. He's not worried.
John observes. Evidently something of a loner - he's been by himself every time John's seen him, although that is only twice. He hopes he's not intruding. John can't tell
when I have a problem."
"Apparently," is Sherlock's only response.
He definitely
"For heaven's sake John, it's not what it looks like," Sherlock bats his hands away. John reluctantly steps back.
"Do I? That's probably because I've smoked a lot of them," Sherlock says. "Can I go and have a shower?  Or are you going to keep me here for another of our lovely little back-and-forths?"
He's not certain how comfortable he is calling Jim his boyfriend, but as far as he's aware the two of them are exclusive to the point where Jim has turned down several other propositions, telling people that he's 'spoken for'. Nothing changed much between them, except now when Sherlock's a little short of cash or when they've done maybe a little too much of something together or heck, when they feel like it, they find themselves between Jim's bedsheets. And now, when Sherlock spends the night, it's not on the living room floor or the kitchen table with the other strung-out junkies. It's wherever Jim is, an arm holding him sometimes uncomfortably close to the Irishman's body.
"For as long as I can remember," Sherlock says. "It really is as simple as observing, noticing things about people. Mrs Hammond, for example," Sherlock points to a short, older woman with greying red hair who's talking to a student across the way. "She's suffering some kind of stress - her nail polish is chipped, look. She must've been picking at it, very common nervous habit. Expensive skirt, she's trying to look nice. But it's got cat hairs all over it, she's either been petting her cat a lot or hasn't been bothering to the laundry regularly. She's got a full face of make up on, and yet nothing on her eyes - crying a lot, she doesn't want to make mascara run. Keeps playing with her wedding ring, twisting it around. I'd guess her husband has cheated recently and they're trying to fix it."
"Hey have you had sex with him?" she asks, and John finds himself staring dumbfounded at her.
"The Bond series are classic cinema," John says, defensively. "But no, if you're that adamant, we'll watch a movie of
so John is surprised when he's approached on the way out of the locker rooms on Saturday practise.
There's a ton of people going, you won't have to see her."
"You don't have to be modest when you're... what was the word you used? 'Fantastic', was it?" Sherlock says with a smirk. John shakes his head with a smile.
it. Come on, come back to bed. Don't go. We can just... just pretend I didn't say it. Vic, please!"
"Oh, dear. Am I interrupting?"
a match for once.
"It's wonderful fun," he says. His driving, John is noticing, is
"Please come," he says. Sherlock sighs and rolls his eyes.
"I'm sorry, Shez," Sherlock feels the warm weight of full lips on top of his head. "I've told them they're being unnecessarily cruel, that they should back off a bit. I got a bit of stick for it, but I think they listened. I hate seeing you upset."
alone, okay? He's not a fairy like you."
Sorry about long period of no updates.
of kissing Sherlock per se, he'd just rather not have everyone know he snogged a bloke last night, that's all. He finds himself almost dreading seeing the taller boy sensing the inevitable awkwardness that only he would feel; Sherlock seems to have no concept of awkwardness at all, and if he does he hides it well.
Sherlock hears the front door slam, and can't help the hurt he feels that John didn't even come up to say goodbye.
things to Sherlock.
John had cursed himself because he stared at Sherlock for too long (as he often does) and had lost his mojo, lost his 'zone'. It'd take him forever to get back there.
up the attention, his eyes fixated on her abundant chest. Every so often they flicker up to her face and he fakes a smile, pretending he's actually listening. All in all, it's a sickening display and Sherlock's almost outraged that they've dared to drag it into his safe space. He doesn't even wrench his eyes away when Anderson leaves with a wink and a waggle of fingers and a promise to
He catches himself, wrenches his eyes away from that striking profile and forces them dead ahead. He clears his throat. There's an awkward, heavy silence between the two of them.
He leans forwards until their lips meet.
Lestrade is a tall, slim-built man who is handsome in a sweet, non-threatening kind of way. Despite being - at Sherlock's guess - in his late-forties and completely grey, he's still got a charmingly boyish smile and a friendly-if-firm demeanour that is reminiscent of a fun uncle instead of a member of staff at one of the most highly-regarded secondary schools in England. He and Sherlock are on good terms - a happy coincidence, considering Sherlock spends the majority of his school day tucked away in the back corner of the library. Sometimes even when he's supposed to be in lessons. Lestrade doesn't mind, doesn't tell on him because Sherlock's doing classwork in the library anyway, just away from the insufferable hoard of his classmates. None of his teachers protest his absence too much because he comes nearly top in almost every subject he takes.
"Oh, John.
"Tell who? And tell them what? My dad's a prick? Hardly think they can do anything about that," Sherlock breathes a line of smoke out. John sighs. He wants to tell Sherlock to stop being so god-damn proud. He wants to make Sherlock realises that his dad is more than just a prick; he's an emotionally-abusive waste-of-space prat and there probably is something the authorities could do about it. He just wants to help his best friend. But he knows how much it will upset Sherlock.
"Of course I have to," John says. "What kind of best mate would I be if I let you get your arse kicked by yourself, eh? Friends don't let friends do stupid things alone, Sherlock."
Sherlock ignores him, lays back on the black leather couch he's claimed as his and arches his fingers under his nose, closing his eyes. It's a sign for Lestrade to leave Sherlock to his thoughts, which he does after around half a minute.
"No, you can have it," John tells him, just as Sherlock rounds the edge of the bookshelf. He stops dead in his tracks and V-whatever looks sheepish all of a sudden, a slight blush tinging his cheeks. After a couple of seconds he swallows deeply.
"This should do the trick just fine," Jim grins.
"I can vouch for him there, mate," Ronnie - one of the lads who John has been friends with since Year Seven - chipped in. "Proper ladies man, our Johnno."
"And what," she takes a step towards him. "Is that supposed to mean?"
John mentally curses himself for these thoughts. He’s
– jumper, up to his elbows as he confirms the order and is quoted half an hour for delivery. When he hangs up the phone and turns to John, he realises his mistake.
to mean anything," Sherlock picks up his Chemistry notes, reads them over like he's bored of the conversation already, which he is. "It means what it means. Robert may be an idiot, but he's rather a decent idiot and it's a shame he ended up with somebody who'll exploit his decency for her own personal gain and use him for sex whilst simultaneously fucking anything else with a pulse."
"Ex-boyfriend," Sherlock says, because it doesn't matter if Jim knows this crap. "And two of his mates."
"Kissing you goodbye," Sherlock tells him, looking equally confused. "Do you not want that?"
"I don't care," Sherlock shakes his head. "I've got money, Jim. Please, I need it."
"That's not what I meant and you know it isn't," he says. "I meant that little to-and-fro with Mr. Tall-Dark-And-Handsome there."
"I promise," John replies.
"Come to Sally's party with me tomorrow," he says, and Sherlock's grip on him becomes slack. "Come on. It's not like she'll
"So..." he drags the one syllable out. "Looks like we have Chemistry together, then?"
"Oh, John," he whispers.
kissing, why were you kissing? Why are
He barely remembers getting to bed - just vague recollections of stumbling up the stairs and of Jim's hands and of feeling like he was gonna throw up but not actually doing it because getting out of bed was too much effort. Jim is still asleep, curled in that way he does, one arm resting across Sherlock's waist. He's a heavy sleeper, always has been, and he doesn't even stir when Sherlock gently eases out of his grip and redresses. He heads downstairs, slips out into the darkened back yard and lights up a cigarette. His phone screen tells him that he has several unread messages from John.
"Sherlock had plans," is John's reply. Mike tuts, then shrugs.
"Are you okay?" John asks, and Sherlock smiles at him but it doesn't quite reach his eyes..
He goes to put his hand on Victor's arm, only to be punched in the jaw so hard he stumbles back a couple of steps.
Does he?
when I brought this home."
it but I didn't mean to
"I know it's okay," Sherlock leans back on the chair again. He looks so comfortable, so content, that he could be lounging an armchair at home.
" the blond praises, not budging, and Sherlock is startled by the positivity of the comment.
“Okay, okay, you’ve made your point. I’m just as mad as you are,” he chuckles. “God it’s
"No I am not," John replies.
"Were... were they talking to you?" he asks.
"Hello love," John's mum practically pounces on him the second he walks through the door. "How was your first day? Did you find your way around okay? Were the lessons very hard? Were your teachers nice? What about the other pupils?"
"Why? Were you all
As luck would have it, John bumps into Victor Trevor at the party.
"Sherlock, I know you struggle to make friends..." Mycroft begins, and Sherlock gets to his feet. Every so often, Mycroft tries to step up to the
"Boring," he says.
He expects a cock-sure agreement or something about being too emotional. But instead, he gets an ear-to-ear grin and a genuine-sounding
"That or you wanted to stare at Leonardo DiCaprio for two and a half hours," John teases, and Sherlock smirks.
"Don't go," Sherlock pleads, kicking the sheets off and putting his hand on Victor's arm. "I'm sorry, Vic."
"Sherlock, I'm only looking out for your best intrest," Mycroft says slowly.
is, and that's not something he wants to have consider. He doesn't particularly want to have a boyfriend, not yet. Not until he's figured out his feelings. He clears his throat. "Friends with benefits?"
"Hiya," John replies, trying  to keep his tone the same. "Where've you been?"
"Hi, Mum," he replies, returning the favour. "How was Scotland?"
"It helps me cope," Sherlock replies. "Dad and Mycroft... kids at school... it all just gets too much sometimes."
"Thanks," he says, after a long moment of silence.
"I'm sorry," is all Sherlock says. "I'm so sorry."
"Get out of my room," Sherlock throws a pillow, which lands about a foot in front of his brother.
"Mycroft," Sherlock shrugs. "Mycroft used to buy them for me. Did up until last year, in fact."
"We're going to mine tonight," Sherlock says.
"You're gonna be an excellent doctor one day," he says, softly. John grins back, and takes Sherlock's good hand in his own.
“Thanks,” and John swears in the glare of the streetlight he sees Sherlock blush. But then a free cab turns up and Sherlock thumbs it down and John senses that that is a signal for the end of that conversation.
"That was..." he begins. "Wow." He passes the cig back to Sherlock. "I've missed you, these past few months."
With a sigh, John decides against punching Sherlock awake and demanding to know what the fuck he's doing with this little... experiment, involving John's sexuality. Instead, he straightens Sherlock's shirt up again, hiding the horrible bruise from view, and resolves to ask about it calmly in the morning.
What do they even have to talk about?" Sherlock sits on the bench across from John. John shrugs.
"You do?" John says, feeling slightly put out. It's not often Sherlock has plans that aren't with him. "What plans? Who with?"
"School was fine," Sherlock lies.
"Thank you," he says, and then he does something that surprises John no end.
John feels awkward when he gets to school.
"Of course you did. Because you're bloody brilliant," John says, and Sherlock agrees. John's about to call him a pompous twat, when a confused looking Harry approaches the car. John's nervous all of a sudden - what if she hates Sherlock and it makes things awkward? But he needn't be. The second she gets in the back seat, he starts talking to her as if he was just a normal person, a regular old friend of John's, and they get along spectacularly.
“John!” Mrs. Hudson greets him in the foyer, where she apparently lives when the boys aren’t in. “I’m so thrilled you’ve started writing again.”
John gasped at the feel of it, those huge hands easily circling the whole thing.  Most of the blokes he’d been with had done fine but this was something else.
“I was thinking just the campus clinic. I don’t think it’s too serious.”
John opened his mouth to say so but before he could the ding of the lift was heard echoing in the silence of the abandoned office.
fault you lost him,” Mycroft drawled, as if he had all the time in the world. “And anyway, it would be a gross misuse of my power-”
John reached back and grabbed the bottle of lubrication he’d dropped when he’d laid down. A part of Sherlock noted all of this but most of his attention was in fact riveted to John’s finally revealed erection. It was… It was… Words failed him. Without looking he could sense John’s smug attitude over the whole affair but he wouldn’t, couldn’t, pretend he wasn’t in awe.
John looked up, and he’s not sure the exact look he has on his face but whatever it is it made Sherlock flinch.
He grinned savagely back at himself in the mirror, thrilled to have found a safe form of escape from emotional turmoil. Any second now he’d not care if John shagged his way across campus, up the stairs, and onto the sofa in the sitting room.
“Sherlock,” John snapped as he looked back nervously.
“Got that right,” the cabbie mumbled dryly, turning up the radio.
He glanced up at Mrs. Hudson, who was watching them with a look - a fond one, but with a hint of hope in it that twisted John’s guts.
“But…” John struggled to find his argument and Sherlock found he was quite fond of the look. Indignation, surprise, frustration, and begrudging respect all rolled into one. It was possible Sherlock would never tire of teasing John Watson. He’d have to test the theory.
“Your Major, I presume?" She asked John with another smile, one that allowed that John was right about the man showing up.
“You won’t thank me in a minute when that come starts to cool and you're left with a soggy mess stuck to your dick.”
“She brought this case to my attention, personally interviewed each girl that was found.” He glanced down at the lump of flesh that had once been a Russian sex slave trader. “Something tells me she’s not going to kick up a fuss over this one.”
John left Sherlock downstairs and went to unpack his bag. The rumble of his stomach reminded him that they'd never gotten around to eating the Chinese, but he doubted he could bother now. More than anything he just wanted to lie down and pray sleep came easily. He’d been up nearly all day and what a day it had been.
“Hmm?” The man hummed absently. He glanced over and John gestured toward his ink stained fingernails. “Oh, I don’t, I mean not professionally.”
“I think it’s cool, you know,” the kid muttered. “You being bi. Shattering stereotypes and that." He chuckled. "My ex, George McCall, said you broke his heart last night. I think you're my new hero.”
“What?” The man’s thick, Barking accent snapped. He took a step forward, a pathetic attempt at intimidating.
“Thank you,” Sherlock muttered back. He wasn’t sure why John was being so kind but he’d take it, for as long as it lasted. He remembered the look of disgust on John’s face, just before he’d passed out in the cab. Getting home was a blur but he assumed he must have been well enough to get himself into bed.
“Give it,” he snapped.
The bags with their food swung a little bit higher as Sherlock marched on down the pavement. “I’m not sure what else you’d want to know.” He sounded noncommittal but John could tell he was confused and maybe a bit wary. John would have thought he’d be flattered by the attention if anything.
“Miss Riser,” he waited until she stopped sniffing before continuing, “remember why you wanted to be a chemist in the first place. I’ll see you here again next week.”
Many thousands of thanks to my girls,
“I am.”
“What new variable?”
Precious, peremptory John.
Of course he remembered the name of the band in question, if not anything about them, but it wouldn’t do to admit that to John just yet. Might scare him off completely. “
“The boys want to know if they’re okay to return to their homes, sir,” Lestrade informed him.
John flinches. Then, furious, he pulls his arm away and spits, “You would have me live like that forever?”
“You liar,” he announced with a chuckle when Sherlock burst out laughing. “He’s lying, Mrs. H, we were practice boxing and… well, it got a bit out of hand. We’ll clean it up. ”
Sherlock grinned until his cheeks hurt.
“The swelling looks the same,” he noted as he turned the foot side to side. “How’s that feel? Stiff?”
“God dammit,” John whispered back. “Well, that defeats the whole purpose, doesn’t it?”
“Yes, I suppose I could keep you company for a while longer.”
John gave a wan smile and nodded. “Later then,” he mumbled on his way out.
"Why don't we toast to John and Mary?" James suggested with a cheeky smirk of his own. It was good to finally see that smile again.
“John, hey, c’mere.”
," she allowed. "I almost feel bad for killing you both after only the one time." She looked at Sherlock. "Once you get him over that 'I'm just a sweet, unassuming gentleman' phase it's like fucking a tornado."
“Any frozen eyeballs left?”
“Oh,” John frowned, “I see.”
“Dammit, Sherlock,” Victor sighed. “It’s too late now. And, for your information, I couldn’t care less what you deduce about my father.”
“Sherlock?” He called, a bit quieter.
Their timing was near perfect, John coating Sherlock’s hand and chest in hot ejaculate right about the time Sherlock flung his head back and came inside John with a shout.
“So, what are studying now? On to dissection yet?”
(Update) In my infinite sadness over this chapter, I forgot to give you a translation of the French used in this chapter(thank you Whispering_Rain for the reminder!) so here it is:
“Because it reminded me of the bees.”
So, with hardly any thought, he hooks his leg around the mans longer one and shoves him off balance. It works, for a second, but the man has quite the reaction speed. He’s on John’s back before John can take three steps toward the door, an arm wrapped around his throat. He grunts, throwing an elbow back and into the man’s ribs, and miraculously manages to land a blow that knocks the man back.
“Wait. What about that?” She nodded toward the tent on their left.
“Nothing, it’s just… That was brilliant.”
Sherlock waited for twenty minutes before following the couple to the pub. He spotted them through the window, surrounded by hangers-on; all drunk except for the couple in question.  As he’d rather sit and do brunch with Mycroft than be surrounded by intoxicated morons, he found himself hesitating briefly before entering. The crowd was dense but he pushed through, deciding to sit at the bar instead of standing alone in the chaos. Despite the crowd it was easy to position himself with the perfect angle to watch his targets in the mirror along the back of the liquor shelf.
John turns toward him. “What do you mean?”
“Don’t be like that. I’m sympathising,” Victor said.
Hate sex.
“Thank you.” John took the bottle back and upended it. Seeing how far gone it was, John felt the itching suspicion they’d done something a bit not good. “Did we… Have we finished a whole bottle of scotch by ourselves?”
John made to reach for the book but he pulled it back to his chest, terrified John would want to flip through it. He’d see the rest, and he couldn’t, he simply
“I know, I’m sorry. I don’t know what I was thinking, I just-”
“Though I’m sure you possess many fine qualities a serial killer would look for in a victim, I’m sorry to say, nobody will be killing anyone tonight. At least not here,” he allowed with a tip of his head.
"It's not out of the realm. You should have seen them working together on that fake Ripper case. Like a well-oiled machine. Not as good as you two, mind," Greg assured casually, "but not bad. I think Sherlock really appreciates her scientific approach. Don't think Janine could hold a candle to that. What does she do again?"
“There,” John said as he set the last of it down, “that should be enough for now. Sit up a bit, drink some of this water.”
“Mmm,” Sherlock hummed, “American engineering isn’t what it used to be.”
“That was glorious,” he panted out.
"I think so too," Greg agreed sagely.
“Are you?”
The roommate lit up as well. “Yes! That’s the one!”
They both gasped at the feeling of Sherlock breaching John’s muscle. John’s right hand clawed at Sherlock’s side, almost tickling him, as he processed the feeling. To Sherlock it was like being squeezed tighter than he’s ever felt before, every twitch of muscle sending a wave of pleasure up his spine. He found it harder to sit still after that, as John slowly worked his way further down.
“What?” John snapped, not looking up. “I can feel you staring at me.”
John put his arm and shoulder right back underneath to steady him. “Whoa, hold it. I think you’ve got a sprain. Quit squirming, you idiot. Let’s get up to the flat so I can look at it.”
Sherlock is trying to frown but it’s not working, his lips ticking in amusement. Then he brightens and he side eyes John in contemplation.
They drive in silence for another half an hour before Sherlock mumbles to himself, drawing John’s attention from the passing cacti highlighted in the fog lights.
“Maybe so,” he allowed, “but I’d like to think cotton wrapped in plastic wouldn’t ward me off like a vampire looking at a cross, regardless of Harry or not.”
John’s eyes bug.
As soon as the ringing stopped, Sherlock snapped, “Find John.”
"Don't say anything too cheesy," Molly advised. "He'll see right through it. Just get him pissed and we’ll have Sherlock talked round enough to do the convincing for us."
“I… I don’t know actually, Laila. I just got out of a semi-serious relationship-"
"You're looking a little peaky, dear."
John groaned into the coat beneath him. He should have known better, but once again Mary had gotten the better of him. All he had to show for his troubles was a nasty case of actual heartburn and a coming hangover. Judging by the way he felt currently, it was going to make a cleaver to the skull feel like a forehead kiss from his mum.
John’s eyes managed to flit back up to Sherlock’s and then he tore the whole drawer out and dumped it on the floor, pawing through it like a mad man.
"Yeah," Janine agreed with a grin, looking like she was having the time of her life. "Hi."
"Come, John, take a look at this."
"Well, when they came home from the pub they'd seen fit to park it in the stairwell, all snuggled up on the stairs together like two boys at a sleepover. I had just been through my closet, looking for these shoes as a matter of fact," she held one foot out to showcase her yellow kitten heels, "and I had bagged up some shoes I knew I could give to the second hand shop down the way, you know the one with that huge armoire I’ve wanted in the window. Anyway, I was setting them out front when I found them. When they went upstairs it got quiet. Suspiciously quiet," she eyed them with significance, "but then that client came. Tessa I believe she said her name was. I couldn't leave her on the pavement, the poor dear, and they
John cringed. “It wasn’t a hundred,” he denied without thinking. Well, so much for skirting the issue. He couldn’t let that number stand, though. It couldn’t have been more than thirty, forty on the outside…
Despite all previous evidence to the contrary, new evidence dispels John's hetero status, rewrites assumed knowledge. Shouldn't have assumed, twisted facts to suit theory... Wasn't him.. It was me. He tried first off but I...I... And then he called me a machine-"
Dr. Watson? Was she a former patient? Most fans didn't address him so formally. "I'm not busy." He uses the smile he utilizes for putting new patients at ease.
, didn’t stick, even, or especially, when Sherlock was pulling shit like this.
Sherlock stared back for long time, long enough for John to frown at him in irritation. That line, that furrow… Damn it, even John’s scowl was a part of Sherlock now.
John chuckled. "Should I be apprised of the goings on at my own reception or is it a secret?"
Before John could demand a teasing explanation, he found himself grasped about the side of the head by one Sherlock Holmes. The whole of his vision was taken up by pale skin and very blue eyes; John's own swam as he tried to focus on them.
Sherlock merely shrugs, but John can see his crooked smile.
“Wouldn’t dream of it,” the blighter drawled. “I assume you mean the one in the sitting room?”
They both sat back at that.
*is wearing a 'Ask me about Laila' t-shirt* *hopes someone asks me about Laila*
Apparently when the Captain of the rugby team suddenly quits, breaks up with his girlfriend and starts shagging any bloke who stands in front of him long enough, people notice. Great. So he was infamous.
"Christ John, if you say overwhelm one more time!"
With a Sherlockian growl, John rushed after them, slowing as he approached the darkened hall where they stood. John stopped at the corner, round the bend from the loos. There was a convenient alcove tucked into the outside wall and John made use of it, snuggling behind a potted plant. Whether consciously or not, the two men had stopped close enough to the main lobby for John to just make out their conversation.
“Your horrendous pick-up lines aren’t the issue. Your use of ethnic slurs is.”
“See if she left any nibbles out while you’re down there, would you?” Sherlock didn’t look up as John passed, too distracted by trying to pull his sock off without bending his foot.
“No lines, John. I want everything too.”
“It’s not funny. What if he heard you say that?”
“Oh shit,” John whispers.
He turned back and rested his hips against the counter as he wiped his hands off on a hopefully clean dish flannel and looked his flatmate over with new eyes.
, an internal voice whispered, but he ignored it in favour of wrapping an arm around her. As terrible as he knew it was, she was damn beautiful and if he could just get her into bed at least once...
"Christ, John, take a joke. What's the matter, hmm? I mean if you're really over it, what these people think, then it's not an issue, yeah? Leave it the way it is, it's fine, I promise. I'll stop teasing if it upsets you so." She rests her head against his neck and squeezes him round the shoulders.
, his conscience warned him just as Sherlock handed the joint back.
Mary gets up from her chair and moves to sit in his lap. He takes her weight and tries not to frown when she goes into 'Mum Mode', with her stern frown and her 'take no attitude' voice.
obvious.
Sherlock gave a wan smile. “Let’s just say my motivation for helping campus security has never been to make friends.”
“Better than mine then. I’ve met your brother but what are your parents like?”
“Oh,” Mike responded, clearly at a loss on how to proceed. “Um, care for something stronger?” He asked with a nod to John’s second beer.
“No,” he answered. He had silently sworn not to do anything to anger John, within reason, lest he decide to go back to the dorms.
Sherlock waved that away. “Nonsense. Everything I do is executed with the utmost careful thought and planning,” he announced without a hint of irony.
“Listen, I know you said you were busy with studying and helping Sherlock, but I was thinking, if you just let me know whenever a good time is for you, we might try out that new Thai place in Hoxton, the one Gail was telling me about. What do you think?”
“I was.”
“I realized,” John said from the doorway, before stepping inside, “you never did answer any of my questions from yesterday.”
“Excuse me?” Scarlett snapped in shock.  She looked to John to be just as enraged, and on some level he was, but he was still stunned by the man’s proclamations from before, his confidence, his…well everything.
“Christ. That’s bad, right?” He took another swig.
“What?”
John purses his lips. “I’ve had enough adventure for one night. And anyway, I’m less worried about axe murders than I am bed bugs.”
"Not nothing. What is it?"
John thought about ignoring him.
John groaned in pain. It was so very, very hard to say no. He turned in Sherlock’s arms and locked their lips together, bit down on that plush bottom lip until Sherlock whimpered. Curls wove around and between his fingers and he tugged, just a bit, just enough to cause another glorious, keening vibrato from Sherlock’s throat.
John was suddenly very glad Sherlock had rolled another joint, because the rain seemed to have washed away any lingering buzz he’d maintained. And of course the man was right about there being no one in sight.
John never would have taken food from Sherlock’s plate, especially something that he would have eaten. The whole situation was hateful; not only reeking of Lady and the Tramp, but making John feel like something was inherently wrong in the universe.
“Do you know what it was like for me? I didn’t know you were in pain, Sherlock, I just thought you’d grown tired of me already. You made me feel special, and then...nothing. You ignored me for days on end, got snappy with me over nothing, basically shut me out at every turn. It was awful, I just missed my friend. Sometimes I’d come home with a funny story from the cafe and I couldn’t wait to tell you but you’d be on the sofa or at the table or locked in your room and you wouldn’t respond. I didn’t,” he stopped to swallow, his grip on Sherlock’s arms loosening, “I didn’t know what to do.”
Relief flooded Sherlock to see he hadn’t actually broken John’s rib; John wouldn’t be sitting up if he had. He watched as John’s hand slid into his coat pocket and slowly produced a handful of broken skull fragments.
John tried again. “So are you waiting for Mr. Holmes too or…?”
“John…” Mary whispered but, again, nothing else was forthcoming.
Sherlock sat up at that and eyed John like he’d suddenly sprouted wings. “Why were you in the men’s locker room? You quit rugby.”
“Is it, Sherlock?” He snaps, looking for a response. “She’s not between us because there is no ‘us’, there never will be an ‘us’. I realized today I’ve been holding a torch for three and a half years, hoping that one day you’ll just wake up and say to yourself, ‘Oh, I think I’ll fall in love with John today.’ How sick is that? You’re helping my fiancée plan our
She blinked and looked at Mike with a nervous giggle and tug on her hair. “Yeah…”
Sherlock wanted to be flippant, it was in his nature to brush off uncomfortable conversations, but this was important. John’s trust was the most important thing. He’d not start off their proper foray into a relationship with false hope and lies.
“You don’t-“ He pushed his fingers through his curls, a small tug to ground him. “You seem to be under the impression that the integer for peroxide is negative two.”
She turns back with a twinkle in her eye; not about to believe a word of it. “You can keep the Coke.”
John, thankfully, seemed to like this confession, and seemed to think on it.
He forced his eyes open further to watch as John bent to pick the comforter off the floor and brought it with him as he crawled back into bed.
“I’ll keep the peas on. The swelling should go down by tomorrow. It’s not bad, really.”
Before the man can effect a counter-maneuver, the most absurd thing so far happens. A gun appears in the doorway, a Sig Sauer p226, with a tanned arm attached, inching further inside. John, again, doesn’t think, just acts.
hesitate. Okay?" She starts to shake her head in denial but he interrupts. "Whatever reasons you think you have, trust me, they don't matter. Not when regret will follow you for the rest of your days. Do you understand? Don’t
“Not fair how talented you are.” He was falling asleep, turned toward Sherlock with his head pillowed on his right arm. “I used to play the clarinet in primary.”
Sherlock glanced at John on the sofa, who was looking between the two of them in bewilderment. He wanted to ask, Sherlock could tell, it was on the tip of his tongue, but he didn’t.
"I don't care if you're his mum, I can't-"
Slowly, cautiously, as if the man might bite, he slid his hand across the table. By the time Sherlock reached out for it, John was already annoyed at his knowing smirk, that small half smile that stated he was amused by John’s caution.
Guilt was a heavy stone in his gut, dragging him down further and further until he could barely breathe. Why had he thought tonight was a good idea? He knew Sherlock did drugs, hard drugs at that, and he still encouraged Sherlock to smoke with him. Obviously weed wasn’t the worst they could have done, but he’d still willingly forgotten that first night, knowing damn well that Sherlock had no qualms about partaking in even the shadiest of circumstances. John had not only encouraged, he’d
Somehow, and later he would reflect on how it was possible, each slap seemed to rebound and intensify, building on each other. The feeling built and built until Sherlock was gasping, crying out John’s name.
“Fuck, Sherlock. You’re so good. So fucking beautiful. Perfect,” John grunted and panted. He dripped sweat onto Sherlock’s back and thrust harder. It might have been minutes, it might have been centuries, Sherlock was lost to the back and forth drag of John’s cock against him, but eventually he started begging again.
"Yeah," he responded noncommittally.
Sherlock rushed at John, caught him around the middle and slammed him against the concrete building, smashing his mouth down and into John’s with a zeal that caused one or both of them to bleed. Most likely Sherlock, from his previously busted lip.
Sherlock pulls back from John, and John’s stomach swoops with nerves, sure he’s offended the man. But Sherlock blinks at him like he’s not sure what to say.
“Dying,” John agrees with a secret smile.
“I think he offered me a job earlier. Said the jersey was a nice touch,” she admitted with chuckle. “Anyway, one problem at a time. Let’s get you and Sherlock squared away first.”
“Is he… Did he?” John whispered, hands tucked behind his back so Mycroft wouldn’t see the tremble.
Sherlock huffed, clearly disappointed with the ease of capture. "Well? Can we go up yet?"
Sherlock didn't reply, he whined and stretched, reaching into the bedside table.
“Says the man looking
“He’ll have the provoleta.”
“Go on,” John encouraged, as one might a timid canine.
He went, with a glare and a begrudging growl, he went. God help her if this backfired as well.
“Please, please, please, oh, Christ, yes!” He held up a battered and worn silver foil square triumphantly, grinning like he’d won the sex Olympics. Sherlock found it quite flattering.
Molly finished her thought, quiet but with solid conviction. "Sherlock and John belong together."
Carefully, John ducked out of his hiding hole and leant around the corner to verify Sherlock had left. Sure enough, the hall was empty.
John knew he could sit and internally debate all night but his answer was already there.  He didn’t have to like it though. He’d practically been manipulated into it- it was going to drive John mad, he
When he came back down, with a proud grin, it was with a flourishing bow; which was why he wasn’t paying attention to where he set his toe down and ended up slipping on a patch of black ice.
He pushed John away, squirming. “What did I just say? Dammit.”
“No!” John shouted, startling them both. “I just meant to explain, my free time isn’t going to be open as it is now, if I find one. But… if you would still want, I could help on occasion. I mean, I wouldn’t mind helping.”
Christ, his heart went into overtime at that and he knew he was blushing like a school girl. There was no way John didn’t see, not under the bright fluorescent lights of the waiting room.
Sherlock nodded, already having guessed that bit. “It’s a rare occurrence, kinesthetic learners, only about five percent of the population, but I was fairly convinced even before your failure to retain a fraction of the chapter you read.”
Sherlock nodded frantically, hope so unabashedly shining from his eyes that John’s stomach flipped. He looked so young, so earnest.
“You felt honoured by my kiss?”
Sherlock frowned, though he was tickled by John’s sly teasing. “I do believe her name was
As Lestrade pulled away and the cart jerked forward, John moved to brace himself on the seat but his hand fell instead on Sherlock’s thigh. He pulled back faster than Sherlock could react, but the touch left Sherlock suddenly aware of the heat radiating all along his left side where John was pressed against him. John hung onto the handlebar on his right and steadfastly refused to look at Sherlock for the entirety of the ride, but he couldn’t help being so close in the too-small seat. It was dark, with only the passing streetlights and occasional window to illuminate the path, yet Sherlock could see John’s anxiety. The fact that he couldn’t deduce its source drove him mad. Was it being pressed against Sherlock, touching even if through several layers of clothing, or was it the case? Sherlock had assumed John would relish the chance to be useful in something as exciting as a missing person but maybe he wasn’t cut out for it…
Sherlock bristled. “I should hope not.” He dug the scalpel into the lower half of the pancreas with the skill and menace of Jack the Ripper.
Mary turned to point her gun at Molly but Mrs. Hudson was already on it.
Once inside, as he relieves himself, he stares up at the stars, just making an appearance in the soft blue sky, dotting between fluffy orange clouds.
“I’ll be here when you decide you need me, then.” John settles in against the door.
“Don’t you finish yourself until I damn well say, that’s what.”
“John! Hey, next round’s on me, mate. You don’t look near caught up.”
Sherlock didn’t, couldn’t, acknowledge, so John left without another word.
“Well yes, dear, but-“
, apparently. But would it be worth it? John had come back once before, and he was perfect in all ways that Sherlock could see, but that didn’t mean he’d agree to stay once they got off.
John yanked himself away, mumbled about Sherlock having a Mary Poppins bag for a coat and shuffled off, hands in his pockets.
Sherlock glanced out the window and announced, “Freezing rain actually.”
John stared back, apparently not soothed by his explanation.
“Oh,” Sherlock muttered, cowed. He replayed the scene and realized John had missed the important parts. John’s reappearance had thrown Sherlock off his game somewhat. He honestly hadn’t expected the man to return after the information Sherlock had uncovered; that bleached, horrified look on John’s face as he’d walked away had been fairly telling.
“I don‘t mind. I’m sure if we decided to move in, we wouldn’t leave until after Uni.”
He was stopped on his way through the lobby by a voice calling his name. He turned to look and spotted one of the footballers he’d never bothered to speak to before waving at him.
“I’ve an idea,” Sherlock whispered in his ear as soon as John’s back met his front, “do you trust me?”
he’d missed the part where John had suggested they
They can hear the bloke crash through the brush, cursing when he trips and stumbles. When he rounds the corner from the loos, it’s the bloke whose pistol John has borrowed.
“Ah,” John breathed as if he’d answered a silent question.
John laughed incredulously. “No, I suppose not. Do you live here?”
“I’m here. Just...adjusting my train of thought.” John could hear typing in the background. “Ah. Mr. Trevor is back, I see.”
Sherlock chuckled at John’s adamant bouncing. “We’ll have to pick it up ourselves. The place around the corner won’t deliver here anymore.”
“Nothing closer open, I’m afraid.” He picked his mobile up from John’s chair and dialed. “What do you want?” He asked, phone tucked between his shoulder and ear.
John glanced over at Scarlett again to see if she’d noted any of the current that was suddenly thickening the air, but his attention was snapped back when Sherlock ran his surprisingly rough fingertips over John’s own and asked, “Afghanistan or Iraq?”
He rolls back onto his side. “You said you’d explain!” Sherlock hisses.
“Can fend for himself, he's a grown boy. Sit and enjoy your first meal as a married man." She smiled, her eyes crinkling with shared love.
“Maybe not then,” John muttered and sat up fully.  “Where’s Donovan?” He asked casually, as if Sherlock hadn’t just been laying on his chest, when Greg started up the car.
“Ah, dammit. I give up! Chemistry is bollocks!” Her voice broke and she sniffed pitifully. Another second went by in silence before she started gathering up her things.
“That would be a terrible mistake on your part,” he growled.
John spoke for the first time. “Hard rock or alternative?”
“.38,” he answered and attempted to look around the corner, only to be shot at again. Sherlock pulled him back by his coat.
