John returned his growl and limped off, grumbling under his breath about “grumpy blighter” and “stubborn idiot”. The door slammed and Sherlock released a breath he didn’t know he was holding.
The silence stretched, uninterrupted, until John was fairly squirming in his chair, but Sherlock wasn’t sure how to proceed. He’d had it all planned out, this moment with John. He’d spend hours in his mind palace with John’s counterpart, spewing his vitriol, telling John that he’d been just another conquest. Of course it was all to soothe his wounded ego, Sherlock was aware, but none of it took the sting away nor the knowledge of how he truly felt about John.
At that moment, he didn't care that Holmes was devouring every expression, every thought that flew across his mind. John would bitch out about it later with Sarah over some Hobnobs and a cuppa, but for now, he relished the fervour in which Holmes regarded him.
Before he'd even left the building, John knew that he would say yes no matter how much he protested. He wanted to make Holmes wait, something he doubted the millionaire was subjected to very often.
Then the dark wolf was turning quicker than the human eye could catch, shooting through the open door like a prize colt at the Epsom Downs. The others followed closely behind, splitting up as they reached the edge of the woods. Victor, Sally, and Anderson veered off to the left, now in the form of two tanned wolves and one inky black, disappearing into the wall of trees that bordered the territory.
Now here he was, sat as close to the stage as he could get because any distance between himself and Lady Grey was too far.
John shrugged noncommittally, unsure now that the words were out if telling Sarah had been the best thing to do. She didn't look too happy about it.
Jasper's insides trembled, hearing his father speak that way about the boy he loved, his closest friend. “Fine,” Jasper said, feeling spiteful and vindictive, “doesn't matter now, right? He's not coming back.”
"I dreamed about you like this once before," Sherlock began, his voice low and dark, settling over John like a cloud of fog, enchanting him. While he spoke, Sherlock pulled the second item from his pocket: a tube of lubrication. "I know this might be a bit advanced for you, but you've done so well thus far. Taken to this like you were born to do it."
Lady Grey stood and kicked away the chair, then turned so that Sherlock had a view of her arse, just barely visible under the organza, taunting him as she raised her arms to fold over her head and rolled her hips sumptuously. Sherlock spread his legs slightly to alleviate the pressure building inside his trousers as Lady Grey looked over her shoulder at him with a smug little smirk. Later, when he had her alone, he’d make sure that she understood everything she was making him feel, every affliction that he suffered because of her.
"Give me this," Sherlock whispered into his mouth; John thought it might be the breath of life. "Give me this before you leave me."
However, when Holmes noticed it was John, his expression smoothed into something more amiable. He stood gracefully, and presented his tall, lithe body for John to deliver a brief once-over. The top two buttons of Holmes' shirt were open, exposing a sliver of smooth pale skin and a few enticing beauty marks that John would die to get his tongue on.
“Pleasure to meet you,” John replied, grinning smugly as Holmes’ eyes blazed another trail down his front, only to linger over the jumper hugging his torso. Pale, predatory eyes flicked back up to John’s with smouldering intent. To his horror, John could feel his cheeks heat up and Holmes’ stare was alarmingly steady, so he turned to introduce Molly.
"Yes," Holmes breathed, watching John closely, though he made no move to shorten the distance between them, "of course."
John vowed he would never lay his hands on a woman, but Harry was pushing him to the point where he wanted to disregard that promise, and he wouldn't feel bad about it. "I know enough to know you're never here when she needs you," he yelled, feeling his frayed nerves begin to come apart at the seams. "You don't care about her, you don't care about anyone but yourself and your drink!"
“Fine,” Sherlock snapped, working himself up into a snit as John said a final goodbye to Greg and shut the door to the flat behind him. “Idiot,” he hissed fiercely at the door, before clamoring over to the window on heavy feet. Greg watched silently as Sherlock pulled back the curtain and scoured the street below with disdain.
Jasper turned away quickly, but not before Sherlock saw the guilt, and a myriad of other emotions he didn't have the time to interpret. “Please dad, just… will you do this for me?”
On the one hand, Sherlock hated revealing just how much John’s absence had affected him, but on the other, he didn’t truly think that John understood how important he’d become to someone who had never put much stock into interpersonal relationships.
Sherlock turned to place a tender kiss on John’s shoulder and followed it up with an inquisitory brush. He stroked the sloped ridges of scar tissue beneath his fingerpads, cataloguing the colour of it as the scar began to take its permanent shape. Gunshot wounds could take months to heal. Sherlock estimated John at his fourth, possibly fifth month, meaning that he’d been back in London longer than he suspected. He’d have needed a sling for the first few months, and Sherlock hadn’t seen sign of one during his short visit to John’s dingy flat.
“I'm never without a contingency plan, my dear John,” Sherlock responded, unwinding the coil of rope.
Sherlock could hardly fathom how his mood had plunged so sharply to the depths, but he posited that it could be attributed to his time with John being cut so abruptly short.
Brash, as always, and thoughtless, but Mycroft thought of those things rather fondly. Sherlock wouldn't be nearly as much fun to prod at if he weren't any of those things.
There was no light background music to fill in the silence, Just the faint blare of horns from the streets below and John's even breaths. With Janine gone, he was at a complete loss at what to do. When his mentor was there, it seemed she always had her hands full or a project to work on, but now the desktop was cleared of everything but a state-of-the-art computer and a phone that stayed dreadfully silent.
Sherlock growled, an inhuman noise that John found himself stilling at, lips snapping shut on a witty remark. "Shut up and stay still."
John took a slow shower, taking the time to scrub every inch of his body thoroughly and wash the grease from his hair. By the time he was done, John felt more relaxed than he had in days, tension going down the drain just as easily as the grime.
"Molly," he said, by way of greeting, watching her cheeks redden slightly as she smiled. Molly was cute, but it was obvious in the way that Lestrade hovered proprietarily next to her that she was being courted by the older man, if not already his mate.
"Good," Jasper said softly, before throwing himself towards John and wrapping him in an embrace. The blond stumbled slightly with the force of his friend's weight slamming into him, but recovered quickly and found himself hugging Jasper back with just as much force.
Whatever problems they had would be sorted and eventually the two of them would be alright again. They always only ever had one another to rely on, and now that John was gone, Jasper would need Sherlock more than ever.
In the middle of his thoughts, John felt his phone buzz softly in his pocket, and quicker than he realized, he had the phone in his hand, heart beating loudly in his throat.
The post-sex haze had vanished and all that was left was the porcelain-faced man watching him back with flat, cerulean eyes. "I
John tried, he really did. He'd been going for indignant, but his words slipped out tainted with curiosity and trepidation. Was it really wise to be encouraging him?
"I'm thinking I made a mistake by not doing that already," Lestrade said, his expression speculative as his gaze flitted from Sherlock and back to the child in his arms.
Greg threw up his hands in exasperation and flopped down on the couch, running a hand over his face tiredly. The pub crawl was now a distant dream. Greg knew that if he left Sherlock to his own devices tonight, he might return to a burned out flat, or worse, Sherlock high off his arse and trying to experiment.
If John denied him, Sherlock would wither away, because his survival depended on pushing himself inside of John’s body and staying there until they both met their end in one another’s hands.
“Don't,” Sherlock breathed over John's lips as John pressed a hand against his chest to push him back. Sherlock's eyes shifted lazily from his eyes to a point over John's shoulder as one hand moved up from the nape of his neck and into his hair. The other pushed a diagonal line down John's back until it came to rest at the small of his back. When John turned his head just slightly, Sherlock was staring fixedly at their bodies welded like scorching metal. Together, John had to admit that they were quite a sight. Under the burning yellow lights of the vanity, Sherlock’s gaze burned sinfully, unabashedly piercing and luminescent.
John had never seen Sherlock so unsure of himself, and if the situation were different, he would have found it endearing. Now, John only wanted to console Sherlock, promise that he was there to stay.
“I always come prepared,” Sherlock returned just as quickly, and again, they both giggled like schoolboys discovering naughty jokes for the first time at the double entendre.
“John,” Sherlock moaned into his mouth, and pulled him close. John's hands were bound behind his back, pushing his chest into Sherlock's as their lips violently melded together, until Sherlock was not sure where he ended and John began.
Jim had been eager to please and had enjoyed the more depraved side of BDSM. Sherlock could remember one of the wilder nights they’d shared. Jim had been a glutton for pain and Sherlock remembered the caning he’d given Jim, and afterwards, the violent sex. It hadn't been healthy, but it was what they’d both wanted at the time.
Mycroft was silent, a moment too long for Sherlock as he pulled at his hair, thinking, thinking, he had to
John pursed his lips and fought down the smile that threatened to crack his deceptively impassive front. He raised his chin another inch in defiance and returned Holmes’ critical glare.
This time, it was John who turned and cast a curious eye on Sherlock, to which the other man only shrugged. "Bored," he explained, simply.
On the telly, the programme switched to adverts, and John stared through half opened eyes at a series of clips showing men and women traipsing through woods, hefting rifles through plain desert areas, dressed head to toe in camouflage. The scenes switched through clips of a Humvee wading through mud and soldiers with their occupations hovering in bold, white letters near their head.
It was a bit like his old one, save a few centimetres shorter and a wider leather tip to spread out the impact zone. The only thing that would differ is that John would be the only man to taste its leather on his skin. New beginnings and all.
Jasper slid down the bench until he was snug against the opposite door, his muscles relaxing as the warm air sank through his clothes and settled on his skin like a soft blanket.
This person had sent the messenger fully intending for him to be killed. Once the message was relayed, of course. Judging by Sherlock's reaction to it, death wasn't off the table for the young human.
John sniffed along the ground near where Sherlock was peering out into the trees beyond, nose held in the air to catch scents traveling downwind. In the open light, John could see just how large a wolf that Sherlock was. Beneath a dark brown coat, his muscles flexed and coiled as he moved about, and a vision of himself pinned beneath the powerful alpha had John turning away bashfully.
John was standing over him, his erection less than a foot away from Sherlock's greedy lips. Sherlock wanted to take it, swallow it and feel the heaviness of John's cock on his tongue. John's cheeks were splotched, a quilt-work patch of blood and tanned skin, and even in all that, his eyes stood out like cobalt stones.
John heard the nervous chuckle pass his own lips, but all he could think about was how Jasper's father was a striking figure to behold when he was angry.
It was quiet for a moment, and John could imagine the wheels turning and clicking, the sound of Sherlock's mind working. Finally, he spoke. "You're angry."
John heard Sherlock's breath catch, nothing so dramatic as a loud inhalation, but a tiny snatch of air that John didn't need to hear to know that Sherlock was well and truly surprised; hurt.
"What," Sherlock snapped into the mobile, tone a bit surly, but face expressing hopeful excitement. John could hear the voice of a man speaking loudly through the line, probably annoyed by Sherlock's brusque acknowledgement. "We'll be there in thirty."
John sighed and rolled his eyes, but bumped her fondly with his shoulder. “Should I expect you to be keeping an eye on things?”
There were a set of dusty stairs and a door behind the staircase that John could only assume was another flat. Between the gap of the door and the floor, multi-coloured lights and the faint sound of a television audience filtered through.
Sherlock slid over the gap between them on the couch and invaded every space John made the mistake of thinking as his own, and captivated him.
John's lips were split and bloodied and Sherlock ran his tongue over the fissures until his mouth was filled with the bitter taste of copper and metal. His body tingled mercilessly under the onslaught of John's clenching fingers; his heart beat furiously beneath his skin, a litany of pulsations that quickly grew uncontrollable. John was sucking the life right out of him, drawing his essence with poisonous lips and unfathomable eyes that Sherlock could never stop himself from getting lost in, even when he would rather close his eyes to stop them from uncovering all of his hidden depths.
The Sherlock Holmes that stood before him now looked every bit as powerful as a man of his station was privy to. His eyes were dark and fathomless, settled into an uncanny acuity that cut through John's every resistant thought. It certainly left no doubts as to who was in control.
Sherlock wasn't faring much better, either. His cheeks were flushed and a bead of sweat escaped the fine tendrils of hair on Sherlock's temple. He resembled a man pronouncing a doomed fate, than one declaring the entirely human concept that he may possibly be falling for John.
“Breathe, John,” Sherlock soothed. There was a hand on John's back, smoothing in gentle circles, and he almost stopped to ask why, until he realized that he couldn't quite catch his breath. John was having a panic attack. “You have to breathe, John, we have to go, now.”
“Alright,” Lestrade left the room, gesturing for the others to follow, to pack, John assumed, leaving him alone to watch the brothers duel.
Sherlock felt his back stiffen at the jibe, ready to lash out, until he caught John's eyes mid-revolution. All movement ceased, until it was the two of them, stuck in a strange dance of wills and pride. Sherlock felt unbalanced by this Alpha.
"Am I being followed," John nearly screamed, ready to tear Sherlock's head off, but the git seemed unperturbed.
Sherlock had known that it would only be a matter of time before Mycroft would want to meet John. He’d called Sherlock the day that he and John were published in the papers, but Sherlock had staunchly ignored his calls. Of course that wouldn't have deterred his brother, but Sherlock would have held off the meeting for a better time if he could, which would have been never if he had his way.
By the time afternoon rolled around, John knew a hundred different tricks on excel, Sherlock's preferred brand of tea (Twinings Earl Grey), every one of Holmes Pharmaceuticals' business competitors—not that Holmes actually paid them much mind according to Janine—and specific instructions on how Sherlock preferred to have his great bloody coat cleaned. Among that, he also learnt what calls to take and who to get a message from. Unsurprisingly, the list of dismissals was lengthy, with the name Mycroft Holmes at the very top in bold, black letters.
The ride there was fairly innocuous and anticipation kept them quiet as they lost themselves in thought, gazing outside their respective windows. The only thing that touched were their little fingers, entwined on the middle seat. That the small touch excited him made John wonder how he would respond to having Sherlock’s soft skin back beneath his hands.
Sherlock's voice was rough, as if he hadn't used it in a while, or if he'd been sleeping. It brought John to attention quicker than any porn ever could, that's for sure.
"Wait, John, don't leave. I didn't mean for it to come out like that." John grabbed his backpack and hoisted it over his shoulder, giving his best friend a soft smile, looking to reassure him.
The rest of the day was quiet and peaceful. John wondered into the lounge room, which seemed to be the default gathering place, this time, only Molly, Lestrade and Sherlock occupied it.
Once John's breathing was normal and his orgasm no longer imminent, Sherlock sat up and resumed his unhurried movements. “I should put a cock ring on you,” Sherlock remarked quietly, bringing up one hand to trace John's lips, ripe and red from Sherlock's kisses. His finger meandered down John's throat where his hand stayed, loose but present. John lifted his chin, wanting this, wanting danger, wanting chaos because that's what Sherlock truly personified. “You would come
"Are you alright?" The question was cautionary at best, as if he didn't know if it was the right words to ask.
John tightened his lips around the shaft, using his free hand to wrap round what he couldn't fit into his mouth. Everything in his peripheral was a fuzzy haze, just minor nuances that could be forgotten; it was just Sherlock and the fit of his fingers against the back of John's head, guiding his head forward.
The private office lacked any kind of personal effects. There were no family pictures on the desk, or knick-knacks on the table to hint at the secret life of Sherlock Holmes. The art on the wall was generic, nothing more than a bit of decor to add to the atmosphere of the opulent surroundings.
John licked his lips and set his jaw like he would when he was gearing up for a fight. “I mean, are you going to let Jim… do whatever he does? It can’t be good.”
Nightmares, Sherlock concluded, and what could possibly be signs of Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder. He would need more data to extrapolate from.
John slunk off in the other direction, staying as close to the trees as he could get, hoping that his sandy coat would provide adequate camouflage amongst the foliage. As he drew closer, John dropped his belly lower to the ground, hunching behind a tall shrub and eyeing the unsuspecting human woman. She had one hand clutched to the semi-automatic strapped to her waist, waiting, it appeared, for the right moment to shoot.
to the image on tumblr! Please show her some love if you can! Works like this need to go noticed! Thank you so much
Even though John had taken two showers that day, he fretted that the cloth would only grow dirty against his skin. With his frayed nerves, John thought it a possibility that he would sweat through the fabric. Moriarty’s lingering presence in the flat was rank and suffocating, and John contemplated taking a cab back to Lewisham and cancelling on Sherlock, but he knew that the madman would come for him.
The door was unlocked when Jasper tried the handle, so he pushed it open and stepped inside, shutting the door quietly behind him. 221A was quiet. Mrs. Hudson must have been away. He continued up the stairs.
“Try telling that to John, here, or Lestrade, and the countless others who have suffered, for the simple fact that they are different. Humans, they are all disgusting,with their petty feuds and tiny, little brains.” There was nothing, but contempt in Sherlock's voice, a hatred he wasn't even attempting to veil. “They can't deal with the fact that they are no longer at the top the food chain, they would rather kill us off than face competition, so tell me,
Sherlock rose on trembling legs and swiped the back of his hand across his damp lips and cheeks, his entire body vibrating and in tune with every sound that left John's lips. He'd never felt so bowled over, so undone even as his cock remained untouched. He unbuttoned his trousers, allowing himself a little more room to breathe.
There was absolutely nothing he wouldn't do for John in that moment. Or any other. Sherlock reached around and took John's cock in his hand, mapping out the smooth, hard ridges of it.
Lestrade, like Sherlock, was a cunning fighter, though his style was more straight forward. While he was quick and agile, Lestrade almost always went straight for the jugular, killing efficiently without the dramatic theatrics that his leader was prone to.
"All right," John's voice cut into his thoughts, and Sherlock flushed with the realization that he was properly fantasizing about his client right in front of him. "You look a bit peaky," he finished with some concern.
When Sherlock emerged from the bathroom, he crossed to his bedroom, unmistakably hearing two voices in the sitting room. A man, by the low hum of his voice.
Whoo! Now that that's all said, I hope you enjoy the chapter. It's not too plotty, but the real stuff begins next chapter, I promise. I need to build up. Please, feel free to leave comments, kudos, critique, or whatever floats your boat. It's all very motivational, and I like hearing what my readers are thinking! Enjoy!
John stood near the back for a moment longer, unsure what to do next, but ready to slip out the door if need be. The place was large and appeared as if it hadn't seen a renovation since the eighteenth century. Besides the burning incense, the sanctuary smelled like polished wood and beeswax from the lit candles.
The flat was quiet for a moment before the detective padded loudly back into the room. John was unhappily surprised by the sudden shock of cold air and sunlight that invaded his senses. Sherlock had ripped the sheet off and threw them carelessly into a corner of the room. "Get up, John, you've been playing at sleeping long enough now, and I'm bored."
A cozy silence cocooned them in the darkness, an intimacy Sherlock hadn’t afforded himself since John left for the army. He’d missed this; the proximity of John, the scent of him, touching him the way a lover should.
Julia gasped and clutched her aching chest as she tried to make some sort of sense of what this mysterious man was trying to tell her. He couldn’t possibly be talking about her Johnny, her little boy.
John is carried into the house by Tobias, and taken to one of the multitude of rooms. Sherlock imagines the doctor is looking over John with pity-filled eyes, as are the others in the house. Sherlock lounges on the couch as the authorities conduct their investigation, overexerted and falling quickly into a light doze.
“Listen, I’m only going to go over this once. I won’t be going down to Scotland Yard to give you a statement, so do what you have to do to get this.” He waited with a scowl as Lestrade fumbled with his phone for a moment, checking his watch as the detective activated his voice recorder. “Jack Downing was a superstitious man, and the younger brother knew this. As superstition dictates, to walk under a ladder is to tempt fate, so Keith Downing erects a ladder on the side of the house nearest the pond—an odd place, considering there are no windows in this particular wall—and sends a bottle of scotch to his lightweight brother. As expected, Jack is heavily intoxicated when he comes into contact with the ladder. As was intended, he attempts to walk around the ladder and falls into the pond, consequently drowning. Have you got all that?”
John winced as the towel caught his lips a bit, hand coming up out of habit and landing to cover the other man's larger one.
John nodded, and cleared his throat again, lips pursed. He rubbed his damp hands over his trousers and started over. “Look, I—I was actually looking to apply. Locum work, perm… anything at this point,” he said, running a trembling hand through his hair. “I’ve not had much luck since I’ve set foot back on English soil.”
Breakfast was a quiet affair; a table full of weary wolves ready to pack up and carry on before the inevitable invasion. The only sound to fill the silence was the scrape of cutlery over porcelain, and Sherlock's furious tapping as he glared at his mobile screen.
Lady Grey leant back in the swing, her head thrown back carelessly as she was carried to the other side of the room, the crowd going crazy on the ground. She flung her hand to the right. “Cartier!”
He rolled his eyes and grabbed his robe off the floor on the way to the door, shoving his arms through it in aggravation. “What?” John snapped as he eased the door open, affording only a limited view of the room. At the state of him, Irene released a horrified gasp.
Sherlock's fingers gripped his buttock as one curious finger prodded his hole. John pushed back against it, eyes half-lidded as he gazed down as his companion with a hunger too great to fathom. But he was not a female, and Sherlock wasn't going to fit inside him so easily.
Sitting up slowly, John winced, feeling the wounds in his abdomen pull as he put pressure on them. Everything ached and his head was splitting into two as far as he could tell. Pushing through the fog of pain, John squinted up into the face of a man silhouetted by a dim light that hung from the ceiling. It was a dark haired man, tall and imposing as he observed John severely, empty bucket hanging from the man's fingers carelessly.
In between kisses, John could see the flat was cluttered with large paper maps pinned to walls over antiquated wallpaper, and the floor was littered with books and periodicals with no particular organizational method. Over a chaotic work desk, a bison skull with large headphones thrown over, stared sightlessly out into the room, as did a human skull resting on the mantle. Perplexed, John spared it a second look, wondering if, perhaps, it was real. Besides a little garland over the mantle, there wasn't much in the way of decorations. It was obvious that Holmes lived alone, and he hadn't planned on company.
Though John was aware that Mycroft didn't know the extent of their journey, he still felt the hot boil of anger at the man's words. There was nothing foolish or reckless about wanting to bury the dead. It was certainly nothing to be taken lightly where wolves were concerned, and gratefully, Sherlock understood that. John wasn't so sure that Mycroft would.
What little breeze there was swept through, bringing with it the scent of decay, and whispers of anguish flowed softly through John's bleeding ears.
"John Watson," John introduced himself, taking Victor's hand in a firm grip. As they let go, Victor cast his eyes down John's front with a critical eye, though his face didn't lose any of its gentleness. "You're quite fit. I could do a lot with
The only glimpse of Sherlock that John received that week were in passing at the office, and contact had been minimal. John wouldn't say that it irked him, as he and Sherlock had already decided that work would be separate from their private affairs, but he’d missed Sherlock intruding on his crap telly and stealing his cups of tea, and the sex, of course.
Sherlock’s lips were pressed together, but the skin around his eyes crinkled, as well as his cheeks as he fought a grin. “Is that what you want, John?”
The rest of the morning proceeded in a staticky silence, in which Sherlock went about ignoring Greg's existence, and Greg wondered idly about the whereabouts of the suspiciously absent John. He didn't have to wait long.
,” the man hissed under his breath, more to himself than to John. “Keep your voice down,” he whispered urgently.
Miss Vicky pouted and stuck her tongue out at him before retreating. “Diva,” she threw over her shoulder, and then disappeared into the crowd.
Soon Angelo returned with the candle and took their orders along with the menus, leaving John with nothing else to turn his attention to.
Mycroft watched silently from his window seat at the street below the second storey of his townhouse. It was gated, but Mycroft had a prime view of the main road through the iron fencing and of course, CCTV and (covert) around-the-clock security. Therefore, he had a wonderful seat when a black cab pulled up to the kerb precisely fifteen minutes after contacting his little brother. Unsurprisingly, Sherlock emerged from the cab, tactlessly throwing a few notes at the cab driver.
John was still sleeping when Sherlock returned to the room with a clean glass slide in hand and the medical kit in the other. He knelt down beside the bed, placing the kit down and lifting the wet towel on John's head to feel his forehead. Still a high temperature (estimation: 38.3 C). Two degrees higher than it'd been two hours before.
It was a terrifying prospect. He didn't want to agree, and it turn out to be a completely disagreeable experience.
John tried to walk around him, but Sherlock was over six feet of solid body, all encasing him in a closeted fortress. "Sherlock...," John growled, as though he had the means to make Sherlock move, when all he wanted to do was fall into him. The infuriating berk wasn't going to move until he'd discovered all that there was to know. "He just wanted to know about my association with you."
"Sherlock," John breathed, excited. There was a tremor building up inside of him, not outwardly noticeable, but voracious and uncontrollable like a wildfire. Tendrils of flames licked at his insides, igniting him.
Sherlock groaned, unable to stop the stuttering of his hips as John clenched down on his erection. With vigour, he renewed his thrust and pushed in until John's body was bucking against his, the added sensation of Sherlock's silk shirt running against his clamped nipples, painful.
John turned on her without a moments notice. "I was at a friend's. Where were you," he growled, "sleeping off another hangover in a ditch?"
John hadn't ever been near Sherlock's wolf form as a human. He was dwarfed beside him, and the sheer power emanating from Sherlock's broad body made him shiver with reverence and excitement. Everything about him demanded submission and promised protection.
Almost immediately after, Sherlock's ringtone echoed loudly throughout the flat, drawing the attention of all three inhabitants to the mobile buzzing on the table. Without delay, a pale hand reached out and snatched it up quickly.
There were no pictures up on the walls, or anything that gave the area a personal touch. It wasn't a terribly long hallway, but it stretched enough to allow two doors on the left and three on the right, including the bathroom and the room Lestrade entered into, all of which were spaced evenly apart.
And this was as far he could go. "Dad, dad! I get it, just please" John implored, holding up his hands in surrender, "spare me the details."
John had a feeling the man liked watching him squirm in discomfort, so he had to refrain from heaving an enormous sigh of relief when he heard Jasper's heavy tread on the stairwell. Mr. Holmes already had his attention on the entrance when Jasper opened the door, a paper bag held in one arm, a drink in the other and a bag of crisps hanging from his lips. John rushed to help him, pulling the bag from his arm and setting it on the table.
John's lack of self control around Sherlock was detestable and already an unmitigated disaster. What was it about the man that could have John minutes away from dropping trou just as soon he stepped into a room? Just as it made his body hum in ecstasy, John was also annoyed with himself for being so amenable.
He swallowed, clearing his throat before he began. “Do you remember, John, our little playtime with rope? The very first time?” It was rhetorical, no response required and John didn’t offer an answer, instead dropping his eyes down then lifting them up again, coy and burning with lust at the memory. “It was my intention to do that again…”
"...buggering hell," John grumbled, turning over and pulling the sheets over his head. God, when did his sheets get so comfortable, John wondered as he wiggled in toes and nuzzled down into his pillow. It smelled like drool, but that was fine, he'd just flip it over.
. Of course he wouldn't have put the same pants on from the night before. John nearly came thinking about Sherlock walking round London with no pants underneath. How had he not noticed?
Sherlock raised a brow and slid a thumb across the bottom of the screen. When Irene’s thread loaded, Sherlock blinked, unsure that he was seeing correctly.
John swallowed. He felt gutted, absolutely turned inside out, but Sherlock didn't seem to notice, which was odd for a man who was said to know everything. "On the coffee table; yellow envelope," but Sherlock was already flying out of the room.
The man turned away for a moment, listening, John observed. When nothing happened, he turned back to John and leaned closer to the screen until he was nearly face to face with John. His long-fingered hands pressed palm up against the screen.
"That won't be necessary, Mrs. Hudson, thank you." John whipped around to see Sherlock standing in the doorway in a sharply pressed, form-fitting suit, a bag of food in one hand and the other holding the door open for the lady.
John thought that accepting Sherlock's proposal would mean a lengthy, detailed discussion of boundaries, wherein, his employer turned lover would lay out rules for whatever it was they were headed towards. John hadn't expected to get his way, but this was beyond all of those trivialities.
"That won't be necessary, John," Sherlock  stated, and John's stomach dropped in horror. Was Sherlock planning on firing him? "The front desk is covered for the moment, but I feel that this conversation is long overdue."
," he cried, as Sherlock bent to lick a stripe over his carotid artery, and pull at the skin with cupid's bow lips. The hips between his legs pumped forward harshly, scraping John's back unpleasantly against the tree, but the pain balanced out the pleasure so deliciously. John wanted the punishment, needed it; all those people he killed, the exhilaration he felt in doing it; for his betrayal of Bill, finding pleasure with another man so soon after his death.
Holmes tensed, and John was almost sure the man was going to push him away, but surprisingly, he felt a large hand settle on the small of his back with possessive finality.
John knew if he passed out then, the men would not hesitate to take advantage of his vulnerable body.
Sally rolled her eyes and slapped Anderson on the chest with the back of her hand. Anderson jumped, wounded, and rubbed the affected area with a grumble. “I'm just telling him the truth. We've been careful; this isn't our doing!”
Jasper huffed angrily, crossing his arms over his chest, and John could feel one of his famous tantrums dredging up. "Right," he said, voice gone icy and scathing. "I guess it depends what she's taken today, then?"
Sherlock picked up a black, silicone vibrating cock-ring that would do for this occasion. He also opted for the butt plug with a low, medium, and high setting he could control with the small remote he slipped smoothly into his pocket. Lastly, he retrieved a tube of lube and two coiled lengths of cotton rope before shutting the doors to the cupboard and turning back to John, who was surveying his choices with a mix of dread and excitement.
Fortunately, a knock at the door brought Sherlock’s reverie to a grinding halt. He didn’t need the extra time to think.
John's hands clenched on his back, legs tightening around his ribs. The metal frame of the bed creaked and groaned under their combined weight, the only sound to accompany the music of their enjoyment. Nothing so sweet as the cries that left John's lips. If the noise of the bed got too loud, Sherlock would take them to the ground and finish what he started, this time with less layers.
"... ou lazy sod, I can always count on you to make me your butler for the day! Hold on, you, I'm coming!"
Sherlock's fingers were impatient as he hooked them on the waistband of John's denims and pants and pushed down, relieving him of his constraints all in one go. When he pulled away, Sherlock's eyes pinned John in place with the force of gravity, wide-eyed and wild, beautiful red lips swollen to supple rosebuds that hypnotised him. John couldn't breathe until Sherlock broke the eye contact to run his gaze down John's bared body; the peak of his nipples, the heave of his chest, the swell of John's prick cradled in Sherlock's firm hand.
“All right: No pushing, shoving, trampling, harassing your fellow neighbour on the way in, or you’ll be promptly ejected from the cabaret!” The doorman announced. “Thank you for your patronage and we hope you enjoy the show. Welcome to Looking Glass Cabaret!”
It hurt John in a way he hasn't prepared for. Well, it would certainly make working with Sherlock unpleasant and uncomfortable.
. Sherlock sneered at the thought and continued his struggle with the pram now that both of his hand were free.
A steady vibration was humming against the dip of his neck, and Sherlock slid down the wall, boneless, realizing that his body was responding to the wordless communication. A deep, guttural growl was emitting from John's throat, and Sherlock responded in kind. His bent legs were open and Sherlock knew how wanton he appeared, staring up from beneath his lashes with his cock pressed up against his trousers.
“I'm sure you know all of this, Mr Holmes, but humour me, please. I assure you, this is all procedure and I am required to go over this with you, so that should you have any questions, I will be able to answer them in a timely manner.”
John pressed back against the wall, ignoring the sting of the bumpy ridges pushing uncomfortably into his shoulder blades. He was breathless and the space seemed much too small for the both of them. Sherlock was only inches away from his face. He could feel Sherlock's breath fanning across his face. “Sherlock,
The door to 221A swung open, and Mrs Hudson poked her head out, eyeing Sherlock sternly. "What in heaven's name are you yelling about, young man?"
On the way to the city, Julia kept reminding herself of that in the hopes that it would soothe her worries, but every instinct told her otherwise.
was my elder brother, Mycroft. Quite the interfering bastard," Holmes sniffed, brushing imaginary lint from his lapel with casual disinterest.
Unable, or unwilling, to keep his eyes away, Sherlock swept his gaze back to the male wearing a hole in his floor.
Sherlock's head was tilted back against the headrest, lolling with the movement of the car, but in the slit of his eyelids, those verdigris eyes tracked John's every move. John was captivated by the slow bob of his throat when he swallowed, the sparse scatter of freckles on his neck like constellations; he wanted to connect them with his tongue.
Was it sick of him to so desperately want to see that look of approval on Sherlock's face aimed at him all the time? It was intoxicating and liberating to stand there so naked, waiting for every unknown Sherlock had in store for John, and the anticipation sent radiating shivers down his spine.
Lestrade stepped forward with his hands out, attempting to silence the murmurs throughout the room. "Now, wait just a minute! We put those hunters down, how can you be so sure they have others coming."
He inhaled once, twice and held it in, before blowing it out with a soft gust of air. Sherlock's eyes were closed but his lips twitched upwards slightly as he turned his face sideways to press into John’s belly. Sherlock didn't talk much when he was high, but when he did, he would ramble about every little thing until he’d realize that John and Greg had left the room hours ago. Thank God for small miracles that it wasn’t one of those days, Greg thought.
John stepped closer, cocking his head to the side in an aggressive stance, and Sherlock watched, feeling a quiver in his abdomen, a tiny flutter that made him blink in confusion. "Oh really, then," John enquired with forced calm. "Tell me, what do you 'see'." The emphasis on the word was mocking, but Sherlock could see that his reluctant client was curious.
John was nearly crying with pleasure as he ran his hands over his cock, tugging until he began to feel that pull in his lower belly. "Yes, fuck yes!"
John snickered and pick up a wet towelette to wipe off his make-up. For Sherlock’s dance, he would need something more… provocative.
Immediately, the room went quiet, and six set of eyes were settled heavily upon his person. John swallowed and stepped into the room, coming to a parade rest before before the group, hands clasped dutifully behind his back.
John watched cautiously as she swaggered towards him, all sexual undertones and secretive smiles. When she stopped in front of him, one red-lacquered nail came up to tease the line of his jaw. "I'm quite sure Sherlock doesn't know what to make of you yet, but I've dealt with my fair share of boys like you, before."
Sherlock moaned around his nipple, his hips jerking forward in a single thrust before he pulled back, licking his lips. "Exceptional," he breathed, as if he'd tasted a fine palate. "You are truly a wonder, my dear Watson."
John turned to Sherlock and raised an eyebrow, unable to stop the spark of pleasure at that tiny piece of Sherlock's history. “Wow,” John said, pursing his lips into mock pity, “poor Mrs. Hudson.”
"I know what you need, John. If you allow me to take you under my wing, I'll show you exactly what you're agreeing to."
He'd returned to the flat yesterday well into the day, and was on the verge of receiving a tongue lashing from Mrs Hudson on manners until she'd noticed John in his arms.
It was well past the afternoon when they arrived at 221 Baker Street. The flat had been tidied since the last time John was there, which he assumed was Mrs Hudson's doing.
voice. He’d have killed to hear John say those things six years ago, to know them when he had nothing left but the memory of an indigo-eyed, golden-haired lover to keep with him during the nights where he’d drug himself into a stupor. The words didn’t hold the same weight as they would have before. Now, they were heavier, Atlas’ burden on his back, steel weights on his shoulders.
John tackled one of the men, a red-haired, solid brute wielding a shot gun no doubt loaded with silver bullets. He growled, launching his body from the ground paws first and slammed into the man's chest, aiming to disarm him first and foremost. For a moment he saw fear swimming in hardened blue eyes before they resolved into anger and the hunter began to fight back. John liked to think of himself as a sturdy wolf; wide and strong from years of protecting himself and his former pack, a little on the short side, but what he lacked in height, he more than made up for in strength and bravery. John was sure he could take this Goliath.
Holmes' hands were just as greedy as his lips, venturing over his body with care and expertise, and kneading his skin into submission. Deft hands were working at the button and fly of John's denims, pushing them down, down, down, and over his feet. John hadn’t worn any pants underneath, so now he stood, vulnerable and naked from the waist down before his striking lover. Holmes had yet to reach for his t-shirt, and was in no great hurry to, John assume. He didn't know how Holmes knew about the bruises, but he found himself grateful for the man's insight.
He took a deep breath and stood. He was never one for pacing, but his skin felt too tight and he was tired of having to bite his tongue with Sherlock. The point of accepting his offer of companionship was the help that came with it. Instead, Sherlock was hiding things and killing humans. What good was that to John? None of it would avenge his fallen kin.
John rolled onto his side looking out into the pitch black void of Sherlock's bedroom where the man had disappeared last night. John could remember waking sometime in the early hours to the gentle strains of a violin singing out something dark and pensive, a wordless reverie. It was beautiful, and John felt himself inspired to find out more about this newfound talent of Sherlock's.
Sighing, John tossed the pillow on the bed and emerged out into the hallway. In the bathroom, John could hear the shower going and Mike in the other room talking to Kate on his phone. Bathroom it was, then.
“Tell me why, Sherlock, why did you do it? Is it because of the row in the car? Why couldn't you just have talked to me? I was here!” It all came tumbling out and though John worried that it might be an invasive question, he felt that he had a right to know.
John was in Afghanistan getting shot at. What hope did Sherlock have that he would return to England, to London, just for him?
Jasper smiled in pride at his acting abilities or lack thereof, and turned to John. "So, when are you planning on going home."
So that was it, then; the words straight from the horse's mouth. The sting of the words were harsher than even John had expected, and Sherlock seemed not to notice the effect they had on John. Sherlock resumed his soliloquy without so much as a glance in John's direction. It was as if someone had a hand in John's stomach, squeezing and scratching at everything.
It was too much to hope for, yet not good enough. Sherlock needed more than ‘if'. He needed to know that John would never, ever leave him again.
It didn’t take long before they were back in Baker Street, where there was considerably less talking.
“I can’t, John. I’ve got to go,” but even as Sherlock tried to refute John, his feet were moving toward him of their own accord.
Sherlock reached up and wrapped his arms around John's neck, rolling his eyes at his own sentimental musings. If John left, developing feelings would be unwise and detrimental to Sherlock's work.
After leaving Tesco, Sherlock finally conceded to the fact that he would have to take a cab to get to Barts. The tube was usually overcrowded and a cesspool that he was loath to expose John's new fragile condition to. The one good thing about the pram, Sherlock found, was that he could stow the milk in a compartment at the bottom and hope not to forget about it, lest he have to make another unnecessary trip back to Tesco.
It was at the conclusion of their meeting, while Sherlock was deciding on a delicate approach to suggest another meeting, that a strange sensation began to build in his lower half. As unpleasant as it was wringing answers from John, Sherlock found that the thought of John leaving and never seeing him again was equally undesirable.
Irene couldn't be tamed, but like Sherlock, she enjoyed their 'foreplay'. However, after a while of playing, Sherlock found her tedious, and eventually their
"John Watson, I'd say it was a pleasure to meet you, but the circumstances under which we meet are rather... unfortunate, wouldn't you say?" Mycroft was watching him steadily, keen gaze scanning and filing away every movement, every twitch and blink, and possibly every thought that crossed his mind. Could Mycroft see the fear, the loss, the hurt, the longing in John to see his best friend again, and the rejection of Sherlock?
Sherlock knew it was just a matter of days before he would return, because he’d never been able to deny himself something he wanted… and he wanted Lady Grey. He wanted her, and the person underneath, because they were one and the same. He would kiss those lips with or without lipstick and fall into those eyes with or without eyeshadow. All of that was inconsequential, because even with all those layers, Lady Grey gave so much of herself away. She obviously had a military history. There was that short, clipped way of speaking that superior officers often acquired, and though she tried to hide it, bits of the man underneath slipped through.
Let it be said that it didn't take much to surprise John, but doing so into speechlessness was a rare occurrence. Sherlock was there opening the door just as John had begun to turn the key, and John froze, feeling vaguely like a child who'd gotten caught doing something he wasn't supposed to. He was blocking the entrance with his body and his upper half was tilted forward so that John had to crane his neck to look up at Sherlock.
The next day they met at the quaint little café next door where they talked about future collaborations. Much of it would need to be discussed with their managers, but John was excited at the prospect of shooting with Sherlock again, and quite happy to see that Sherlock felt the same.
Sherlock's fingers were long and pale, wide and rounded at the tips, John could feel them pressing against the gland inside of him that made his toes curl in inordinate pleasure. He'd nearly forgotten that the thrill and excitement of the moment wasn't the reason that his feet weren't touching the ground.
The room was as bright as it could get in the morning, with the wooden slats blocking out almost all of the natural light. The lamp was off, so the corners of the room that weren't illuminated stayed firmly ensconced in a forbidding darkness.
The sensual memory of Sherlock standing behind him, the warmth of his hardness pressed against the small of John's back, replayed itself like a silent film in his mind's eye. It brought back the nervous flutters in his stomach, and unfortunately, caused his pants to sit a bit uncomfortably against his affected groin.
"I reckon you would be after all that running. You can sleep in my bed if you'd like, it's dad's old one so it's big enough to fit a group of five," Jasper chuckled. In the corner of his eyes, John could see Sherlock turn rigidly on his stool, almost painfully uncomfortable with the idea but unwilling to interject.
“I'm not a child, John. I've survived this long without your “guidance”,” Sherlock snapped as he emerged from his bedroom, pushing past John and into the sitting room. He flopped in his armchair with one last scornful glare in John's direction.
“Look at me,” Sherlock demanded, his voice a low, deep command that made every muscle in John's body tense towards him. A hand grabbed his chin firmly and wrenched his head up. “You're intelligent enough not to come to illogical conclusions based on hearsay. Why are you overreacting?”
The café wasn't very busy and by the time Sherlock arrived, John had already found a snug corner to squeeze into away from the windows. He had his back to the door, leaving the seat open that had a clear view of the entrance.
It wasn’t meant to be a question, but he needed some sort of confirmation that John wouldn’t just run off in Sherlock’s absence. It was ridiculous, but the confirmation that he’d be there when Sherlock returned would be something of a comfort.
“Anything on the menu, whatever you want, free for you and your date,” Angelo stated, bowing a bit as he backed away from the table. “I'll be back with a candle for the table. It's more romantic.”
Sherlock said it often, but the flutters in John’s chest never ceased when he heard it. “Sherlock,” he murmured in his ear, then pulled away.
Then he remembered what he’d been carrying up the stairs before they were interrupted by John's parents. The riding crop he’d bought just for John.
“You’ve done quite well, so far, John,” Sherlock commented, reaching down briefly to run a hand through John’s sweat-dampened hair before straightening up. “Better than I expected after this long. I want to see how many of my rules you remember and how well you can take orders now that you’ve had a taste of authority.”
say that he had a theory. But John had to trust that when Sherlock put it all together, he would come to him.
Sherlock rolled his eyes at his son's antics, eyes focused on his mobile where his fingers were relentlessly tapping away. "Your mimicry leaves much to be desired."
On the other end, Sherlock groaned beneath his breath, tremulous and soft, while John's body arched with the force of his orgasm. He bit his lips so as not to make too much noise, but even then, some noises could not be subdued.
His mind turned to the night they met, the grand opening of the cabaret. Sherlock had been arresting upon sight, and the way he stared at John... Even with half of his face bared, it hadn’t deterred him any. It would be ridiculous to think that a brilliant man who could look at him and read his history, could see half his face and be unable to put the rest together. Of course, being the idiot that he could be sometimes, John hadn’t thought to remember that. Instead, he’d been too wrapped up in his insecurities to realize how petty he might be acting.
“Ah,” said Sherlock, putting the cigarette to his lips and allowing the smoke to settle on his tongue, then seep down into his lungs. He exhaled, blowing the smoke to the side.
John uncapped the bottle and took a sip, suddenly feeling thirsty and overheated. He pulled at his collar, wanting nothing more than to leave this swanky building, go home to his flat and cram for his finals. Which is what he really should have been doing.
Sherlock met him at a neutral place, a coffee shop a few blocks down from his office in Canary Wharf. He had a meeting in an hour, so this wasn't going to take long.
Victor must have been thinking along the same lines, because he stepped forward, his unlined features pulled taught with tension. "Sherlock, I-- we need you here. If something were to happen to you, what do you suppose we're to do?"
Despite telling himself that it was only business, John couldn’t deny the fact that he had actually enjoyed working with Holmes. They hadn’t crossed paths in the industry before, though he’d seen Holmes at the award shows occasionally. Other than that, John mostly stayed in the realm of hetero films while Holmes did everything from straight sex to trans films, and sometimes ventured into bondage. Their careers just never aligned.
John couldn’t stop his lips from curling up as Sherlock at last took a breath, gazing at him somewhat bashfully after he’d concluded his deduction.
John didn't understand any of it, had only just heard a vague summary of Sherlock's history with Moriarty that morning, but one thing was clear: Sherlock wasn't meant to win the game and John was in the way.
Wow, I just have to say thank you to everyone for your kudos, comments, and bookmarks. Writing can be such a challenge when you don't feel confident in your skills, and your feedback means more to me than you know, so thank you! I do apologize for the wait, also. Next week is the devilish week of finals for university students where I am and it's been busy! Thank you for your patience and I do hope you all enjoy the chapter!
Sherlock was collapsed exhaustedly over John's come-painted chest, breathing heavily where his nose nuzzled the smaller male's collarbone. John too, was catching his breath as he stared up at the ceiling, praying for the strength to be able to walk away when the time came.
He took the tube to Picadilly Circus and began from there. Most saw the cane first and directed him to a chair where they brought him an application, much to his embarrassment. He saw the scepticism they regarded him with, but did his best to ignore it and fill out the application along with one of the copies he’d printed of his CV.
Lestrade released John in order to open the door, the other man leaning his body against the wall, still feeling sluggish, even more so after the short trip up the stairs.  Lestrade pulled an old fashioned key from his  back pocket, rusty with age and overuse, and slipped it into the keyhole.
As the door to the loo closed on them, John leaned up for one more kiss as Sherlock loomed over him. “Merry Christmas, Sherlock Holmes.”
A sharp nip to his clavicle, a bruising suck with tongue and sharp teeth. John's hips jerked forward of their own accord, and this time, Sherlock's thrust up to meet him. "Down," Sherlock ordered, and instinctively, John stopped squirming in the man's lap, compelled by the absolutely confident command in that rich, dark voice. "On your knees."
They were kissing frantically again, and the need to shed clothes and rub flesh was overwhelming. John had already pulled at Sherlock's shirt until the buttons flung away to a dusty corner. It was Sherlock's favourite shirt, but he could cry about it later, after John fucked him.
When Saturday evening came, John was unsure whether he should even bother going back Monday; would it be wise to torture himself that way? Was he simply overreacting? After all, it had only been a day. Maybe it was the fact that he'd so willingly given his body to Sherlock, and in that, John felt that surely he should have received some confirmation that it wasn't just a romp in the sheets or fulfilling of a conquest.
Finally, he was stood before H3, John’s bedsit. The door was a hideous shade of green, peeling to reveal the eggshell primer beneath. The handle was worn and scratched from years of use, but still shiny from a recent cleaning, which meant John hadn’t been out often since his return to London.
For a moment, the escort seemed confused by the command, but quickly smothered it with an annoyingly polite smile.
Christ, just thinking of Sherlock texting this while in his office, possibly some boring meeting, surrounded by people, yet thinking of John, made his skin heat up. John's flesh tingled with renewed fervour.
If Sherlock's past could be described as a hazy fog, then Victor Trevor was the light that cut through it with perfect clarity.
Greg sat on the floor with his back to the couch, partaking in the spliff they were sharing. Final exams were over and done with and Greg had been waiting for this moment all day. Sherlock always scored the best marijuana and John kept the pantries stocked with nosh for nights like these.
However, despite John's incertitude, Sherlock's presence was reassuring. He felt less like a man walking into certain death and more like he had a fighting chance against the Humans hunting him. Sherlock's hand was heavy upon his shoulder, and John hadn't realized how hard he was breathing until he turned to see the rapid up down motion of the fingers clamped on his shoulder. His chest was constricting and his throat seemed swollen beyond the ability to inhale. John realized that he was afraid; afraid to see what he only glimpsed at night when the dreams were at their worst.
Of course, it was the work of another individual, when Sherlock arrived at the office to a lovely surprise. John was properly teasing him with those snug trousers that had Sherlock thinking of twenty seven different ways he could discard them. Golden strands had been combed and styled, and Sherlock ached so badly to muss them up in several different and enticing scenarios.
A few minutes later, the man in question strode off the lift. John and Janine stood to greet him as if the Queen herself had walked into the room. Holmes had his face buried in his phone screen, scowling at whatever it was he was reading.
Of course Moriarty wouldn’t be above involving himself in unethical medical practices. This was a man Sherlock had successfully proved in court to be buying non-MHRA* approved drugs wholesale off the black market and incorporating them into his products, while jacking up the costs. And yet, Moriarty had walked out of court after that nightmarish trial, uncuffed and smug.
He could hear John's slower, unsure tread ascending the stairs, and Sherlock locked the door, placing his back against it.
Jasper scoffed, pulling in a deep drag in ecstasy, eyes fluttering closed. High cheek bones hollowed out as he took a puff on the fag before answering, "Dad knows everything."
John waited until the door was fully closed before he spoke. He shifted uncomfortably in his chair. "Sorry, I don't want to keep you."
“Come on,” said Sarah, and tilted her head towards the door that led to the back of the clinic. “Let’s go talk in my office. My next appointment is not for a while.”
John gestured in an 'as you like' motion, and Sherlock helped him up from the bed, taking most of his weight and he wrapped a strong arm round John's waist.
His captor turned only his head as he answered, not quite looking at him, but for some reason, John felt like he had this mystery person's attention.
When Sherlock didn't so much as crack a smile, just stared back steadily, Lestrade's back straightened in alarm. "Sherlock, I'm going to have to report this," he began, reaching into his pocket for his phone.
Holmes checked his phone one last time before he nodded at John and Janine, then swung out the door.
He could hear Mycroft preening through the phone when he responded. “Ah. Did our Dr Watson enjoy his welcome home gathering? I can see where he gets that fiery spirit. Mrs Watson is a formidable woman, isn’t she, Sherlock?”
Greg shook his head and continued up the stairs because as much as he was all for Sherlock and John finally shagging, he didn't have near enough patience to wait for the stupid blokes to get their heads out of their arses.
A tiny, crooked smile hovered near the corners of Sherlock's lips as he looked forward again. “You're an odd creature.”
“John, Doctor John Watson. Just John, really,” John rambled embarrassingly. Honestly, he was a middle-aged man; things like this didn't happen to him often.
“The man I met at the bar— the one I dragged out of a nasty little bedsit to watch drag queens in slummy clubs at midnight, and the one that is my friend— that’s John Watson. The lad that could walk into a room and charm the pants off of anyone, man or woman.”
“It’s Greg, you knob, and your friend is back,” Lestrade barked, pulling the morning paper from his pocket and tossing it onto Sherlock’s lap. “Reckon that would go on the front page.”
“Cheers,” Greg called as he fumbled clumsily with the bag. Sherlock sat up slightly to make room for John, before promptly plopping his head in John’s lap once he was settled into the couch. “Fucking Christ, Sherlock, what’ve you got dying in the kitchen? It smells horrid,” Greg griped, wrinkling his nose.
. Sherlock was used to lazy mornings and exciting evenings chasing down criminals and running through alleys. He was decidedly not prepared for parenthood and made up his mind that he would never be.
After a moment of silent standoff between the four of them, Sherlock moved to take his place just behind John, who’d entered the room and was studiously avoiding everyone’s eyes, to offer his presence as support in the ambush of his brother’s making.
Sherlock didn't answer right away. He took his time mulling over the question, though outwardly, John didn't see much of a change from his carefully constructed nonchalance. When he finally did answer, John couldn't help but hold his breath.
“The amount of times I’ve contemplated this very scenario during your absence would astound you. I thought about you constantly, about what I would do if I ever had you here again; in my bed, in my home, in my possession. Yet, now that I do, I find myself in the precarious position of deciding whether I should eschew restraint and take you like this, or make you wait.”
John’s stomach performed an impressive double flip at the low pitched rumble building up in Sherlock’s long porcelain throat. He wanted to suck his bobbing Adam’s apple between his lips and feel it move on his tongue as Sherlock talked.
Before his thoughts could drift too far, Sherlock snapped back to the scene before him. The escort grinned, happy to have Sherlock's attention on him again, and dropped the last article of clothing at his feet.
"What business have you with my brother," the question was stated bluntly with no greeting prior to or subsequently, which left John floundering for a way to respond to Mycroft's inquisition. Fortunately, Sherlock emerged from the kitchen, scowling at his brother as he flopped down into his chair.
Stunned, John opened his mouth and closed it, wondering if anyone had been gossipping about him. “How did you—”
John didn't close his eyes until the very last second, refused to look away from the steel grey specks in Sherlock's eyes, the way his hoods lowered until John could barely see through the dark fringe of lashes between. He was beautiful.
John smiled amicably, unsure if he should lie. He didn't want to lie, but he also wanted Sherlock's mind to be fully on Jasper when they reunited for the first time in weeks. “Yes. Maybe. It doesn't matter right now, Sherlock,” he said. “Just go see Jasper. Make sure he's alright.”
His arse red from a thrashing, and Sherlock’s hand matching colouration from the force of his blows. Sherlock would untie him, and John would eagerly take his cock, because he always enjoyed when Sherlock roughed him up a little. The image blinked, must’ve skipped forward, because John was swallowing him down, lips covered in a foamy mixture of semen and saliva.
“No, I don't think I will,” Puppy snapped, raising his chin in a mockery of bravery. Bravery, Jim wanted to scoff. Just another word for stupidity in his opinion.
John looked over, smiling before he joined his friend on the couch, also pulling his legs up as he faced the taller of them. "She said it was fine, as long as I'm out of her hair for the night. What about you, what did your dad say, Jas?"
John’s shoulders slumped as a blush crawled up his neck. “Fine, Irene, but you rehearsed this number with me, so up. You, too, Miss Vicky.”
"I've brought you some stew. Thought you might be hungry." John stood to meet her in the center of the room, walking slowly and making himself seem smaller so she didn't feel threatened. "I'm Molly, by the way. Molly Hooper."
The next day, John walked with a limp and held himself like a wounded man, unsure of his place in the world, in
"What is it," Sherlock growled. He didn't want her to tell him to go see John. That wasn't John, and would never be again.
John hoisted himself off the floor, feeling sticky, but decidedly pleased with their earlier tryst. Sherlock's longer legs lifted him gracefully off the floor, a step behind John as he headed for the bathroom. John turned to see Sherlock enter the bathroom behind him, clothes having been thrown off during the walk.
At that time, the waitress just happened to be dropping off the drinks as Holmes uttered this declaration without a hint of humour. Startled, she clumsily fumbled the steaming cup of tea onto the table and the steaming liquid sloshed onto John's shirt and trousers.
The patrons spilled into the room in their dazzling dresses and dapper suits, rowdy and on the last leg of their sobriety. The music was loud and uptempo, the speakers pounding out Bang Bang as a few of the dancers popped bottles of champagne with the parties.
John could already feel the grass kicking up under his feet, the call of the woods whispering notions of freedom into his ears. Jesus, he wanted to run.
John slumped back against the tiled wall of the shower, head tilted down as he let the spray batter his skin. The water swirled beneath his feet, dark with the dirt from his body and old, dried blood from wounds that had already healed. John sighed heavily, torn between ecstasy and wariness. He didn't know if he was honestly ready to meet this new pack. He had half a mind to convince Lestrade to take him back to the basement, but the promise of a comfortable bed and fresh food warming his belly was what forced John to keep his mouth closed and carry on.
Outside, he spotted Sarah leant against a pot of plants almost as tall as she, looking just as out of place as John felt. She wore a flowing pink, knee length dress that cinched at the waist, with a white Peter Pan collar.  Her dark blonde tresses fell in soft, loose waves around her face. The rain had stopped earlier in the day, leaving behind a light breeze that gently ruffled Sarah's dress as she straightened up.
“Can't imagine why you’d be ashamed,” Sherlock murmured into John's ear, placing the rag back in the bowl. “I want- I feel like I desire you even more now than I did a moment ago, if that's even possible.”
John hissed, head thrown back as if in offering to Sherlock’s hungry lips. Sherlock began a slow descent, sliding his lips across the slope of John’s chin and down his neck. John’s throat bobbed, and Sherlock traced the movement with his tongue.
They entered into a room with racks and racks of clothing, a changing screen fitted into the corner of the room and a table messy with drawn designs and ideas scribbled in pencil. At the desk sat a man with the same rich brown skin as Ella and a similar strong jaw structure. His hair was twisted into locks that sat high on his head as he bent over the table, pulling fabric through a sewing machine. The man's glanced up at them and the creases on his forehead smoothed out upon seeing Sherlock.
Lestrade drove him home because Sherlock didn't want to see John, didn't want his last memory of his partner as just another cold corpse in the morgue. That wasn't his John. The body would be buried and become food for other organisms and cease to be John Watson.
Ash-blonde hair, shorn and bleached pale from the sun. Smooth, tawny skin revealed a few new lines around dimmed, deep-set indigo eyes. Beneath the short-sleeved vest, Sherlock noted the addition of sinewy muscle, the way John’s veins pressed against his skin in stark relief.
When Jasper woke hours later, his cover had been pulled over him and the letter folded neatly on the bedside table.
Redbeard was diagnosed with skin cancer, and no amount of veterinary visits could have saved him. It was already too late.
John grabbed the only other one and sat back, inhaling the aroma. Mm, English Breakfast, his favorite.
John shook his head, wondering if Sherlock even thought of Jasper, wondered if Sherlock felt the weight in his chest that John often did when Jasper didn't stomp up the stairs. Did he ever think about his son’s face, so much like his own, and those vivid green eyes only made more piercing by the spectacles? Did he think of the auburn curls and witty jokes, did he miss the banter?
“My, my, my, will you look at that hot cuppa coming through the door? Five o’clock, honey, and don’t be obvious,” Miss Vicky breathed as they peeked through the curtains at the thickening, late night crowd. Sure enough, when John looked towards the door, Sherlock was walking confidently towards a table near the stage, alone this time.
John's eyes flew open, shattering the illusion as he came violently, semen splattering across the skin of his chest.
“Now wait-,” Mycroft attempted to placate, hovering his hands palm down over the desk, but neither of them were listening.
John sputtered, indignant, and stubbornly refused to look down to where his pants were most assuredly tented. He wasn't going to allow Holmes the satisfaction of knowing that the moment between them affected John more than he was capable of admitting. "You can hardly blame me when you were shoving your tongue halfway down my throat!"
John closed his eyes briefly, basking in the proximity of their bodies and the warmth emanating from Sherlock’s skin.
Molly chuckled self-deprecatingly. “I’m sorry, John. Guess I’m a bit envious of you, but you’re a sweet man. I can see why he likes you.”
The water had gone lukewarm in the half hour it’d been since they stumbled into the shower. It hardly mattered, however. John’s hands on his body were hot enough.
"You all, this is John Watson. He will be staying with us for a few days, as you well know. Please be on your best behaviour, as he will my charge for the duration of his stay." Lestrade spoke authoritatively, but there was no mistaking that Sherlock was in charge, by the way all eyes flickered to the man skeptically as Lestrade concluded his introduction of John. The alpha was not pleased, and John could see the furtive looks they were throwing the man as he slumped in his seat, fingers tapping exaggeratedly against the armrests., clearly bored with the proceedings.
Sherlock had only been seated at his desk for five minutes before the telltale knock at his door announced Mycroft’s unsolicited presence. Sherlock glared at the door, waiting for the lard in a three-piece suit to squeeze through the frame. Of all the days…
Lestrade returned with an arm full of clothes and trainers a size too large for him. "There we go," the man said, placing the clothes into John's outstretched hands. "Sorry about the trainers. I wasn't sure of your size, so you'll have to make do with those. When you're done, we'll be right through that door at the end of the hall."
John threw up his hand in an awkward half wave, half salute, narrowly avoiding knocking over the now tepid cup of tea on the table.
Holm- no, Sherlock's gaze was dark and hungry as John stammered and fidgeted before him like some flustered, teenage girl. "John, you look..." Since the first time John found himself in the company of Sherlock, the man was near speechless, and somehow, this discovery, alone, gave John a sense of power. Maybe he could use this to his advantage.
John tore his eyes away and glanced around once more, attempting to see if there was something that he missed, and judging by the looks Sherlock was sending him, the man probably thought him two steps from mad.
Sherlock shrugged and peered around, circling the room leisurely before he stopped at the vanity. “You’re very expressive. I could look at you and know every thought that crosses your mind. When a gentleman gave you flowers last night, you didn’t like them. Your nostrils flared and the skin around your eyes grew tight when you smiled, but you must have told yourself that a Lady would accept them without complaint.” Sherlock’s eyes found his in the mirror, pale and smouldering. He held up a picture. “This is you,” he stated, his eyes dropping back to the picture, as if his eyes were unwittingly drawn to it.
Slightly offended, but refusing to show it, Sherlock stuffed his free hand in his pocket. “Yes, well, I don’t see how a cabaret would help.”
“I was once where you are,” Jim said, somewhat wistfully, because he really did miss the wild sessions. When Puppy started to protest, Jim nodded emphatically. “Oh yes, and do you know, you have the worst of them
Saliva dropped from his lips and down chin in thin, sluggish rivulets, causing his grasp on Sherlock's cock to become slick and wet. It all felt so beautifully illicit and brilliantly decadent, the taste of Sherlock so strong and heady on John's tongue.
John’s brows were furrowed and he’d gone still, hunched over his lap like a gargoyle atop a cathedral. Apt simile, in Sherlock’s opinion. John’s body was a sacred place, and Sherlock longed to touch him again, be granted entrance into the walls of his body, his mind, everything.
John backed away until he felt the backs of his knees hit the edge of the bed, and lowered himself slowly.
The kitchen still smelled of Mike's last meal, toasted bread and marmite, though John didn't know how his friend could stomach the foul stuff. It left an uneasy stench as well as a bad taste in the mouth, and John was tempted to throw away the spread, just to have it out of the kitchen.
Sherlock huffed an explosive breath against John’s nape, circling John’s neck with his arm as he added another finger. He used his forearm to tilt that blond head back and bury his nose in it, the very scent of him making Sherlock’s stomach tighten with want. His face and neck grew hot, head pounding in time with the rush of blood beneath his skin.
"One Poulet Breton and a cup of English Breakfast tea for my companion, if you will." John would have raised a protest if the man hadn't chosen exactly what he wanted. Dismissed without a word, the waitress uttered a “Very good, sir,” before she scurried off to the kitchen.
John hadn't been the leader of the last pack, it wasn't what he was born to do. He prided himself on his ability to take orders and excel at them; he had been Bill's second-in-command, the one he turned to for consult, among other things. They had even been lovers, but friends more than all of that. John found himself missing his leader terribly, missing everyone he had lost that night. He still couldn't bring himself to think about his sister, Harry. She had been a brave wolf, and died the same way.
"Get your rest, Watson. You will be accompanying the pack when we go on patrol tomorrow morning. We don't need you falling behind."
"Ouch, John," Sherlock stated obnoxiously (loudly), though it conveyed irritation more than any real pain.
He’d donned the severely cut blonde bob he’d worn during his Chicago routine, a pink bustier with maroon and gold trimming, and a mandarin collar. There was a cutout right above the bust, and John had contoured the bared skin of his chest with make-up to give the effect of cleavage; the shape of the bustier would do the rest. His knickers, garters and stockings were the same matte maroon as the trimming, and he wore a long organza tail to cover the pads under his garments, that also matched.
John broke the kiss at the bold touch, breathing heavily into Sherlock's mouth, who was gazing into his eyes with avid longing. It was enticing, and John found himself under Sherlock's spell, as he had been in the woods that morning.
John pulled back, gasping, and Sherlock’s hand slid gently through his hair, coaxing him forward. John’s tongue teased around the rim, a translucent strand of precome clinging to the tip of it. Sherlock was caught up in the turbulent blue waters of John’s heated gaze, the lightning-like electricity of his warm mouth sliding down his cock.
He knew that John was probably wondering if he’d done something wrong, and the thought of him beating himself up didn't sit well with Sherlock. “I want to try something,” he said, in an attempt to ease John's worry.
"Don't... bother apologizing, John, it will be boring to listen to, at any rate, but I feel I must make you aware that I do not, and will not, tolerate my employees publicly making fools of themselves in any aspect, most of all, one who works as closely with me as you do," Sherlock paused, and John used the time to study his feet, because he felt so thoroughly shamed in that moment, and it was terrible. "You work for me now, John, which means that anything you do could reflect poorly on my company, and it will not be condoned, are we clear?"
It was a young black woman with cream coloured skin and dark, curly hair accompanied by an older male, most likely in his mid-thirties with salt and pepper hair cut close to the scalp. Wide brown eyes stared down at him in apparent interest, a bowl held in one hand and a set of brass knuckles clutched in the other.
John cleared his throat, thinking of an answer that wouldn't be misconstrued or turned about and thrown back in his face. It was hard when the person you were talking to was a master at word turning.
"There's still so much I don't know about you, not enough data and for once, this is something I'd rather learn with time if it means you'll have to be with me in order to figure you out. So believe me when I say that any explanation you may try to provide about those pictures would be nowhere near the parameters of what we truly are. No, I'm not in love with you, nor have you reached that point with me, but given time - a lot of time - one day we may get there."
“Just get out,” Sherlock snarled, and it was like a punch to the gut to see the malice in his eyes. “The way you look at me, as if all of this,” he said, gesturing around them angrily, “is my fault.”
Sherlock's dulcet tone was rich and dark like the finest Cabernet Sauvignon, pure velvet and desire incarnate. John's body trilled with the proximity of the man, came alive at the touch of Sherlock's hands wrapped proprietarily around his waist.
"You were panting like you are now, red in the face and making the most delectable noises." Sherlock placed a soft kiss into his hair, catching John's eyes in the reflection. "I had all five fingers inside of you and your cock down my throat, and the neighbors were banging down the wall shouting about the noise." Sherlock had one hand resting on John's neck, over the carotid artery, feeling his pulse, no doubt. The other hand was making a gradual trip over the expanse of his chest and stomach. Sherlock's fingers slid over the swollen buds of his nipples, careful not to put too much pressure. They were still sensitive, however, and John's back dipped to seek respite from Sherlock's questing hand.
John blinked, looked down at Sherlock's hands and then back up to his face. It was unfamiliar, looking at this version of John, so young and his face clear and unlined. He was everything Sherlock would have gone for in uni, and as his middle-aged self, John also ended up being everything Sherlock went for well into adulthood.
Before John could put words to his thoughts, Sherlock abruptly released him, his face withdrawn and pale as he turned away without so much as a parting glance, perhaps, fearing that he might have said too much.
There were hands everywhere and John was awed at the discovery that something as simple as touching could be so gratifying. They were both panting with arousal and the gravity of the moment, but Sherlock made it a point to avoid brushing against John's erection, and John gave him the same courtesy, though that didn't stop the wondering eyes and longing stares.
In the corner, a young couple played on their phones, interspersed with sporadic bursts of conversation. Two tables over, a group of businessmen chatted over full plates and half-empty glasses of wine. Next to him, a woman read quietly on her Kindle, a desolate plate of crumbs before her. She was beautiful, short, and curvier than convention dictated, with brunette hair that fell to her shoulder in waves. Her doe-brown eyes flitted down her screen as she sipped from a mug, totally disconnected from the world around her as she immersed herself in whatever she was reading.
Irene scowled, her eyes lingering disapprovingly on the obvious bulge beneath his knickers. “Ugh, and look at that costume. It’s ruined!”
“There's also something you feel the need to keep from me.” The omniscient bastard, John thought somewhat bitterly. “Though I don't know why you think you could for any length of time. I have my ways of prying secrets from you, John.”
This Alpha was not entirely unpleasant to behold, Sherlock mused, admittedly finding his own eyes lingering attentively on the man's tensed biceps, muscular but not overly so. He was shorter than Sherlock, but his overpowering presence more than made up for the height difference.
Sherlock grunted, tearing his eyes away and back to his phone. "I always have stand-ins available, John. They're easy to find when there's a line of people waiting to work for you."
Jasper jumped out of his seat and pushed the chair back, standing toe-to-toe with his father, chin lifted in defiant, self-righteous anger.
Sherlock carefully pulled away the prosthetic away to reveal built up scar tissue that originated from one point and branched out in bumpy ridges.
Please excuse my shoddy graphics editing in this chapter. What I see on my laptop differs greatly from what I see on my phone.
Sherlock locked the door and turned on his heels. He slid his jacket off and let it rest on the vanity as he passed. He unbuttoned the cuffs of his shirt, watching John steadily as he pushed his sleeves up to his elbows. The sight of him sent shivers down John’s spine and raised the hair on his neck, every part of him attuned to the man approaching him with the gleam of wicked intent in his eyes. John lowered himself to sit on the couch as Sherlock drew closer, until he was forced to tilt his head back to see the man’s face. He sat back without breaking their connection, and spread his legs.
Sherlock was already half hard in his trousers and flaunting his erection as he sat low in his seat, legs spread audaciously. One long fingered hand rested high on his thigh, a stark pale against the coal black backdrop of his trousers. John wanted to replace it with his own.
“Piss off,” Sherlock hissed. “And don’t think that you won’t pay for your petty little move yesterday,
What Sherlock hadn’t been expecting was for John to take his hand and lead him to sit down on the bench in front of the vanity, and push the bowl towards him. Immediately, Sherlock knew what he was asking for, and the thought of fulfilling John’s wish excited him. Unwilling to take the distance between them any longer, Sherlock took his hand and pulled him over. John started to sit beside him, but Sherlock longed to feel his weight over him, to touch his skin and hold him.
John rolled his eyes, seriously doubting it. Every time Sarah said she had the best of something, the food always turned out to be overrated and lacking in anything remotely edible. Her intentions were good, but Sarah's sense of taste was a bit... avant-garde.
Above him, Sherlock shifted down further into his seat, head lolling forward the slightest bit, though the watchful gaze never wavered. The furrow between his brow grew deeper with each of John's attempts to swallow more of him, hunger thinly veiled behind vigilance and self-control.
"Sherlock, do you really need so much jam," John asked, after watching Sherlock throw a third bottle of strawberry jam in the cart.
Eventually, Sherlock dropped out of Cambridge and began to see less and less of Molly as he melded into London’s nightlife, looking for that perfect high.
John cleared his throat, widening his stance a bit as he stared back at Sherlock. “Perhaps you can tell me why I woke up in your lap,” he muttered, running a hand over the nape of his neck.
John had never seen so many luxury cars in his life, lined up in the valet queue when the driver steered the car to the kerb before the Royal Society of Medicine on Wimpole Street. It was all Edwardian baroque architecture and projected multi-colored lights reflecting off of heavy stone walls. Two bulbous lamps sat on brick arches, flanking the door on either side, lighting the way to a party that was already in full swing. A few photographers hung just to the side of the steps, staring hungrily as Sherlock and John emerged from the vehicle.
And as if on cue, Mike's eyes widened comically - well, it would be comical if John didn't know that Mike was probably receiving a death stare the likes of which he'd never experienced before - and cut himself off mid-chuckle.
Deciding that it was better to let Mycroft say his peace so that Sherlock could be alone, he opened his eyes, slowly, so as not to aggravate the migraine he already had.
He didn't want to leave Jasper or Sherlock; it felt like abandonment, cowardice, whatever, but it wasn't as if he’d even had a choice. John hadn't had a chance to say goodbye to his mother and sister. Both hadn't been home since he’d returned and John hated that they would have to learn the news by a note he left tacked to the fridge. There were so many ties left loose, things unsaid that would stay that way, because John might never return.
A more brilliant idea couldn't have come to Sherlock in that moment. Outside it was dark; no one would be able to see them together.
Sherlock growled beneath his breath. “Since when have you become so thick, John? I won’t be needing the bed because I don’t plan on sleeping, now take the bloody thing!”
"Yes, well, you're going to need it. I just happened to have this one back from when Livvie was little, thought you might want to go out."
Holmes scoffed, flicking his eyes over Gillian with an unimpressed glare. "Yes, obviously, Gillian. You've finally sunk low enough to begin slumming with children half your age, and molesting unsuspecting citizens," Holmes sniffed, gesturing lazily to John, who was slumped exhaustedly against the wall. "Very busy, indeed."
Sherlock sighed dramatically, annoyed, and looking more and more put out with the discussion as time drew forward. He showed no signs of having paid attention to anything that came from the surly man's mouth until the blond from earlier spoke up.
John sat back once he'd gotten the question out, suddenly curious about this strange man who'd saved his arse in more ways than one. Holmes shrugged, a ghost of a smile pulling at the corners of his lips. "I followed you," he stated simply, cutting through the mess and getting straight to the point.
Sherlock shrugged, struggling to keep his face impassive, though John noticed the tightness at the corners of his eyes. “A few months, perhaps.”
You guys are absolutely wonderful! Thank you much for all the comments and kudos! Last chapter got the most feedback since I've started this story, and it blew me away. It's incredibly motivating which is why I believe it was so easy and fun to write this chapter and have it out so quickly. Thank you all so much! For all of you who don't know, I do have a tumblr where I post updates about stories, excerpts, and just general Sherlock/Toplock shit. Come and see me: http://lymphadei.tumblr.com/
A sharp knock on the door again, and Janine was poking her head through. "Pardon the interruption, Mr Holmes, but you have five minutes before your next appointment."
Sherlock sat his pen on the table and closed the journal, the analysis only partly complete. He ran his hands through his hair and stretched before checking the time. He’d only been there about an hour and already he was thinking of getting home to John.
"I ain't leavin' you here with 'im, Mr Holmes. What if he tries to... you know," Billy hissed back in a stage whisper, making some lewd gesture with his fingers to complement his statement.
John couldn’t hold back his giggle as he thought about Irene bawling her eyes out during the performance. “Irene, it’s not as if we haven’t been planning this for years.”
Sherlock pulled away, but John stopped him with a hand on his forearm. Gently, Sherlock dislodged John's hand and stood, pacing across the floorboards with three short steps away and three short steps back. “In the car, I was angry with you because you played right into Moriarty’s hand. He’d said everything that would obviously provoke you, and you responded just as he’d hoped.” Sherlock stopped in front of John. “Jim Moriarty and I have a history together. He and I are more alike than I care for, but at the time it was what I thought I needed.” Sherlock lowered himself to the couch beside John and sat forward with his elbows on his knees, running both his hands through his damp curls.
“It was my first time dressing as Lady Grey,” he admitted, running a finger affectionately over the glossy photograph. “The night hadn’t been perfect, but it was enough for people to remember my name.”
Sherlock turned to Billy, his protégé, fidgeting hesitantly in the doorway, no doubt, sensing the short tether Sherlock held onto his temper. His sharp eyes could spot a bead of sweat trailing down from Billy's hairline and over his temple.
The scent of his own excitement mingled with the aromatic musk of an equally aroused Alpha, and Sherlock was inhaling greedily, befuddled and on the verge of tipping over. A minute later, Billy was bounding up the stairs, tripping over the creaky fourth step in his haste.
"Hey dad," he waved lazily, though John didn't miss the spark of excitement in his eyes. "How goes the new case?"
John found his own gaze roving down the line of Sherlock's back, over that tight, black shirt that hugged his torso and accentuated a cinched waist where it tucked in at the waistband.
John gasped and sat up quickly enough that the room began to spin from the sudden downward rush of blood. He waited until the lazy spiraling dispelled and quickly dressed in the nearest thing, which just so happened to be Sherlock's overly tight dress shirt, which he left unbuttoned because Mike had already seen him naked enough times that he knew about the Crane-shaped birthmark on the back of his thigh. He threw on the pyjama bottoms he wore yesterday and went to the door just as the doorknob began to rattle.
Sherlock grimaced, scanning the occupants of the room contemptuously. “A lifetime of idiots, John, and you would be, too. So far, I've yet to enjoy any of these events. Though, they are a cesspool for bored millionaires with dirty little secrets.”
John huffed, but reached for the container without another protest. Sherlock dug into his own, sat in the rolling chair, though not really tasting much of what he put into his mouth. The food was bland on his tongue, but not for lack of spices. He was simply too preoccupied with the obvious signs of John’s neglect.
“Come on, big boy,” John said (or rather, Lady Grey. John was slightly mortified that the words had even left his lips.) against his mouth, tilting his head up at the closed door at the landing of the staircase. “Open the door.”
A tuft of champagne-shaded spikes escaped their cotton confine, still messy from Sherlock’s grip, and effulgent under the soft-yellow light spilling in around Sherlock’s dark form in the doorway. Sometimes John was there, and sometimes he was gone, like a vision Sherlock had spun up from somewhere deep and hidden; to him it felt as if John had always lingered there, even when they hadn’t known the other existed.
Sherlock made quick work of the cuffs once John began to cooperate, albeit a bit reluctantly, and shoved them into one of the many pockets of a great wool coat that would look quite ridiculous on anyone else.
He stepped forward, and Lestrade moved with him, a silent assassin, ready to kill if necessary. The pepper-furred male shifted as well, followed hesitantly by the two remaining werewolves.
Fortunately, Mike took the hint, and they quickly changed topics to something silently agreed upon. Mike spoke of his impending internship, while John 'hm'ed and chimed in at all the right times.
Sherlock glanced up, only to be held captive by the warmth and understanding in Victor’s liquid brown eyes. “Your father.”
Now, John had never been one to play coy in his life, but there was no sensation more thrilling and terrifying than stripping down in front of Sherlock Holmes. If he thought the man had been intense the night before, John couldn't fathom the near flaying scrutiny Sherlock was regarding him with.
“Mum never could get him off the drink, no matter how many times she threatened to leave,” Victor sighed. “Listen, all I’m saying is that if you think John needs the help, give Ella a call and she’ll schedule him in.”
John's face softened and his shoulders, which had begun to hunch defensively, loosened. Without giving it much thought, Sherlock leant in and curled a hand around the nape of John’s neck. Saliva flooded his mouth at their proximity and anticipation of the smaller man’s taste on his tongue. He needed this to work, wished to see the man unguarded and open without the crutch of his public persona to stand on.
He'd planned to take John home that night, feed him (Chinese was their preferred spread after a successful case), and then take him to their bedroom where they would stay until the next afternoon.
Finally, Sherlock was hitting his prostate with purpose, ready to hurl John over the edge along with him.
A quick call from Billy was the only confirmation that Sherlock needed, notifying him that his PR firm was already negotiating with various solicitors and publication companies to have the tabloids removed from the paper stands. If some of it had to be dealt with underhandedly, then Sherlock wasn't above it. Usually Sherlock didn't bother with taming the media. He’d long ago made his peace with the truth that people were always going to talk; they did little else, but John Watson was certainly
Sherlock pulled away completely and sat back on his heels. “This is the only time I’ll ask, but I have to hear it from you or else I’ll call this all off.”
When the cool air hit, John gasped, feeling his erect penis flag just slightly from the unexpected draft. Sherlock sat up, eyes half mast as he took in the picture of John splayed out beneath him, wanting and waiting, legs spread in an open invitation.
Sherlock froze with the cigarette halfway to his lips and the lighter poised at the tip. Slowly, he turned his head to take in his unexpected guest. Pale pink lipstick and neck-length finger-curls; a green jacket that matched nothing she wore underneath it, a glimpse of the person beneath the layers of make-up. “Beautiful women should be wary of strangers,” Sherlock said, placing the cigarette between his lips and flicking the lighter until the flame danced at the tip. “Don’t you have another set?”
Mycroft rarely attended social functions. He had lackeys for charity affairs specifically, so when his brother turned his reptilian gaze on John, Sherlock stepped forward with a sinking feeling in his chest, intent on refocusing Mycroft’s attention.
Sure enough, Jim didn't leave until he had the last word. Sherlock scowled as Jim leaned over to whisper hastily into John's ear, and by the time he pulled away, John's face had gone ashen and his lips turned down in a moue of dismay.
John quietly seethed, stepping with far too much force, to retrieve the overlarge, poncy coat for its equally poncy owner.
For the first time in years, Sherlock was exhausted. Even during his years away, navigating treacherous streets for days and going more than seventy-two hours without sleep, he'd been wide awake. Twenty-four hours with an infant-John and Sherlock was falling asleep on his feet.
The cupboard was filled with things John could identify, items he could try and put names to, and some he wouldn't know what to do with if his life depended on it.
He picked up the London Daily paper he’d found sitting on his desk when he arrived, scowling as he read Moriarty’s simpering interview with BBC News.
"Quiet," Sherlock snapped, "I'm thinking. Honestly, John, of course I knew. I can deduce a man's career by the wrinkles in his shirt, do you honestly believe that I wouldn't notice a spy in my midst? Truly, how lovely it must be to have such a tiny little mind. Keep your enemies close, isn't what they always say?"
"What a lovely sight you make, John," Holmes whispered, pushing his sex against John's in slow circular rotations. "I could watch you like this all night. Your lips are swollen, your body is so beautifully spread out before me. You look
In the fading lights, John could just see the silhouette of his mother moving around in the kitchen, before the curtains were pulled back slightly to reveal a blonde haired woman with a shrewd gaze peeking out at him.
John huffed a breath and dropped back into his seat, tossing the tabloid on the table. "God, I'm so stupid! How've I missed that we were being followed?"
Turning away from his reflection, John threw the towel around his waist and returned to his room. After changing into some sweats, he threw himself down on the bed, feeling oddly bereft.
John made quick work of it, shedding his clothes and getting under the spray of water. The bathroom was still a bit misty from Sherlock's shower, and the smell of his shampoo lingered on the tiles, something that smelled vaguely like coconut.
Sherlock swallowed every sound that left his lips, intemperate greed giving control and patience a backseat.
A long-fingered hand lodged itself into John's shorn hair, pulling sharply. John gasped, and Holmes finally relented his pillaging of the younger man's mouth, their harsh pants filling the silence. The air around them grew hot and moist as their breaths mingled.
“Don’t get me wrong, John,” Sherlock said, his voice, caught in the cavern of his throat, reverberated as he dragged John’s attention squarely back onto him. “I can easily pleasure a woman for hours, suck her clit between my lips and make her scream her throat ragged. I quite like it.” As he spoke, Sherlock peeled his tight shirt off to reveal a tight, pale chest, pink, peaked nipples and a broad set of shoulders that John distinctly remembered being nuzzled under his knees as Sherlock sucked his cock during the shoot.
John smiled placidly and stood to find his clothes, contemplating his next move. Risk returning to Gillian’s neighborhood, or an unfortunate run-in with Alfie. Neither of his options sounded favourable to John's overall welfare, so he devised a plan to walk as far as he could, but close enough to still have the advantages of work in the city.
John nodded once, his smile growing in amazement. It was as if Sherlock plucked his deductions out of thin air at times. Absently, John wondered what gave him away and if Sherlock also knew that Moriarty had been to Baker Street. “Yep,” he affirmed lightly.
Irene arched a perfectly shaped brow as the lift door dinged softly and opened. Before she stepped in, she turned for the last time, eyes a softer hue of green than before, trick of the light, John assumed. The smirk was there, still, just barely pulling at the corners of her lips. "The wildest ones really are the most fun to tame," Irene muttered below her breath, with a hint of nostalgia, and then louder, "I've a feeling you'll be making waves, soon, darling."
Before he knew it, all the patience Sherlock worked so hard to perfect went tumbling, and he’d pulled John out of the building. He would write a check to the charity. He was not staying a moment longer.
It reeked of old blood and decay, and decomposers come to feast. For the first time, John cursed his heightened senses.  The only other sound was the jubilant chirping of a robin singing its song high and loud, one short legato followed by a series of crisp, staccato notes. It reminded him of Mike Stamford, his pack brother and comrade, who had valued all life. John would spend nights sitting outside with Mike, listening to him prattle on about his time in London while the roe deer peeked cautiously around the trees and a tawny owl stared down at them superciliously from atop the great oaks. Sometimes, John would bask in the silence and often Bill would join him, one large hand resting possessively on the small of his back as they lost themselves in the constellations their ancestors once worshiped.
, there's no way out but through that door. I've studied the blueprints of this building through and through, so unless Förstner can conjure up a magical door," Sherlock rambled on in a harsh whisper, gesturing widely with his hands, "then the only way he's getting out of this building is by killing us, and I assure you, John, that will not be happening."
Lestrade came to Sherlock and gripped his shoulders, growling at Sherlock to tell him what happened.
“Bless me, Father, for I have sinned,” John began, and this time, Sherlock didn't interrupt. “It’s been ten years since my last confession.” John paused and something heady and expectant grew in the silence between them. Sherlock's attention was a tangible presence, like feather-light caresses on his skin. What was John about to do, and in a church, no less, with a total stranger. Oddly enough, it spurred him on.
John rubbed his forehead uncomfortably, already dreading a day without the music and the lights. He truly did love the cabaret and his persona, but perhaps Irene had a point.
On the other side of the room, his father let out an appalled, "Hey!" and John couldn't contain his snicker. After all, it was his fault that this all came up to begin with.
John sighed and patted the poor girl on the shoulder with a reassuring smile, then followed Sherlock out of the café.
John was up and ready to go after him, but Sherlock held up a hand. "Don't," he ordered. "He's going to need time to think. Jasper will come back when he's ready."
Whatever Sherlock expected upon reunion with John, it wasn't this broken, fragile remnant of a man sitting across from him. He’d been fully prepared for a stubborn, tenacious young soldier; someone unapologetic and proud. Yet, everything in John's body language screamed regret like a giant, neon fixture.
The long faced man turned on John ferociously, stepping forward with ill intent. John forced himself to relax, but his fists clenched tightly behind his back in restraint. Fighting with a member of the pack would do no good where he was concerned, especially when John was only there on Lestrade's behalf.
It wasn't until the two of them had dried off and their bodies pressed close in Sherlock's bed, that John began to really think about what they had done together. Jasper had been just a thought in the background, but now his best friend weighed heavily on his conscious. John had just engaged in sexual intercourse with his best friend's father and was now sleeping in bed with him.
Though his mind was screaming that this was the biggest mistake he might ever make, John closed the space between them, until his thighs were pressed against Sherlock's, who watched his progress with a measuring gaze.
Dismayed, Sherlock continued to watch John while navigating the murky waters of his own mind. Steadily, the fog cleared until Sherlock was left with only one response he deemed acceptable: “You're an idiot.”
John pulled his head back to kiss his friend on the cheek, before tightening his arms around her narrow waist. He didn’t know where he would be if it hadn’t been for Irene. Probably six-feet under and not receiving a standing ovation. “God, I was so bloody nervous, Irene!”
It was small and tidy, inelegant and modest in a way Sherlock had grown unaccustomed to. He was used to the finer things, adored the luxury of silk sheets and egyptian cotton, leather seats and the fit of finely cut cloth. All of it gave Sherlock a sense of power. Yet, when he stepped foot in the tiny room, vulnerability fell over him like a cloak. There, he was weak and sentimental, and both things could be attributed to the lumpy form beneath the sheets.
For lack of any place else to rest his hands, John brought them up to weave into the soft crown of curls, pulling Sherlock down, closer to him.
Lady Grey slid herself back up the wall and circled the chair in the middle of the stage. “You’ve been a bad, bad boy. I’m gonna take my time, so enjoy.” She swung her right leg over the chair and sank down slowly, holding his eyes with her dark blue ones as she ran her hands down her inner thighs in a coquettish manner. “There’s no need to feel no shame…” Lady Grey leant back and placed her hands behind her on the seat, tipping her head backwards as her body undulated upwards. “Relax and sip upon my champagne.”
Sherlock pulled away and stood up, though that infuriating smirk never left his lips. "Maybe I will keep you," he murmured quietly, considering John in a way that sent a shock of wakefulness to his libido.
“I will permit you to stay with me for the time being, on the grounds that you speak with your father, no,” he lifted a hand as Jasper began to protest. “Those are the conditions. You do not have to go back to Baker Street. Your father has made his bed and he will most assuredly have to lie in it, but this game ends now, Jasper. Do we have an understanding?”
The wolf sauntered forward, sniffing at the ground surrounding John, and circled until he came to flank his right side, his least dominant hand. Sherlock was guarding his weak side.
John took in a shaky breath. He hadn’t talked about Peter in years, but his memory had haunted John for years, had urged him forward to pursue his persona as Lady Grey when he was afraid of what it would mean.
Two hours and a pound of make-up later, John found himself standing in front of an Italian bistro, wondering if maybe he’d underdressed. He’d never gone casual in drag before. Well, a cream-coloured pea coat that flared at the waist and hip-hugging denims weren’t so bad. He’d gone for a simple short and curly, honey blonde wig and light eyeshadow, instead of the more gaudy slapstick look he sometimes wore at the cabaret. Now, he felt silly dressing as Lady Grey at all.
Sherlock swallowed, nodding, before he looked down at their interlaced hands, deciding. Abruptly, he stood, holding out his hand for John.
John pulled Sherlock's zip down, watching as Sherlock's head tipped back, and Sherlock-the-vicar did the same, briefly. “I would unzip their trousers and expose them, and by then, I'd be hard in my trousers, too.”
been perfect, and yet, John still felt a bit of wrongness, a sense that he was betraying Jasper, even if he wasn’t there anymore. Guilty, he sat up and ran his hands through his hair, sighing.
“Lestrade,” Sherlock nodded. Lestrade was seated on the couch with John, two cups in front of them on the coffee table and the other growing cold on the desk. Lestrade’s body was turned towards John, displaying interest in the conversation as well as signs of attraction, as he often did with John even before the incident. A blush was just beginning to fade from Lestrade’s cheeks.
“John,” Sherlock sighed and helped John carefully remove his shirt, smiling at the way his hair rebelled against gravity. “Mm, your trousers. Take them off.”
John pulled the bags off his shoulder and sat them on the steps beside him, feeling as if the last of his energy had been depleted. He ran a trembling hand through blond hair that desperately needed a good washing off.
Sarah had a point, but John still felt the irrational tug of anger at his friend even as he knew there was truth to her words. Sherlock Holmes didn't
“Shut up.” Sherlock shoved a container to the end of the desk closest to the bed, where John sat curled in on himself like a wilting flower. “Eat.”
Large hands pulled him forward for a slow, ardent caress of lips. Everything inside John felt so scattered and chaotic under Sherlock's touch. Those lips moving against his own, as hypnotizing as a metronome. John craved the warmth of large hands sliding down his vertebrae, pushing him into a warm body.
Sherlock lead them back the way they'd returned from, walking until they almost reached the edge of the woods that opened up to his land.
It was a warm night and moonlight coloured the drifting clouds an ashy grey. Thankfully it was dark enough outside that the blood on his shirt wouldn’t deter the cabbies from stopping for him. Sherlock buttoned his coat for added security and reached out his arm for cab. As usual, no more than two vacant cabs passed before one pulled over, and Sherlock slid into the back seat and relayed his address to the driver.
Then he inhaled sharply, screwing his eyes shut as he knelt on one knee, head bowed. John's fingers touched the soil, remembering the tread of everyday life; hunting with the pack, roaming with Bill, his sister, Harry. He didn't cry. No, some things were best left for privacy. Sherlock didn't comfort him, but his silent companionship was enough. Even then, Sherlock watched him, was always watching, but this time there was the promise of something darker and pensive.
John allowed it, staring down at him with dilated indigo eyes and parted lips from which issued quick, stilted breaths.
John gave up his sleeping act, knowing Sherlock would see right through his farce, and sat up slowly to face the door, actively avoiding Sherlock's predatory glare like a guilty child.
Succinct. Yup, there was no mistaking who was on the other end, now. John tried to stamp down his excitement and the warmth burrowing in his chest like a warm cuppa after a long day, but the feeling spread throughout his body with little resistance on his part. He hadn’t run Sherlock away, as he’d assumed, and once again he was seeking John out. It still surprised him that a man like Sherlock Holmes wanted him.
, don't give me that look," his father grinned, raising his hands in concession. "She'll certainly kill me before she comes for you, my boy. When you're ready to tell, come talk to us. But listen, sometimes the mind can lie, but the heart never does. Do what feels right here," John's father said, patting his son lightly on the chest.
John couldn't fault Mike his logic, but he remembered all too well, the nights spent watching over his sister as she wretched repeatedly in the loo, alternating between borderline comatose and snippets of consciousness.
Then, the tip of a finger was pressing inside, and John was breathing deep against the odd sensation. It was a feeling unlike anything he'd felt before; not unpleasant, yet the breach of Sherlock's digit in his arse would take some getting used to.
On the black, leather sofa beside him, Molly’s body radiated heat and a quick peek from his periphery confirmed that she was glowing a warm shade of peach as she watched Holmes shuck off his Belstaff and hand it to one of the staff. He wore a tight, black silk shirt and trousers that hugged every curve of his arse and shapely thighs. John’s mouth flooded with saliva and he swallowed, certain that he would be outclassed in this particular production. Usually, he had no reason to be insecure, and he never looked at reviews for his videos, but John was sure all eyes would be on Holmes and Molly.
Jasper nodded, falling onto the vacant couch in a sloppy manner, looking for all the world like he'd just taken a run around Richmond Park. "Yeah, dad had a case he had to run off too, or something to that effect." Jasper sat up, pulling his legs into his body as he observed John, who was currently surveying the room with a bit of wonder. "So, did your mum say you could stay over?"
Deciding that it was better to rip the plaster off, John tapped the thread, his chest nearly heaving with anxiety.
“If you don't want to starve, you will not finish that sentence,” John cut in, licking his finger to turn to the next page in his text at the kitchen table. Sherlock's lips snapped shut, and nothing more was said on the matter.
John pressed his lips together as he shook his head, a vehement negation, but clearly not enough to tell her what she needed to know.
Sherlock bristled, pulling the child back just slightly as he glared at the top of Lestrade's head. "Please refrain from calling John 'bugger' or any other inane words your silly little mind can manage to come up with."
It was cold and calculating, two things that Mycroft had always been, but there was a desperation underlying his words that gave him away. Sherlock nearly threw his head back and laughed, but then, he was already losing time indulging the sentimental idiot.
John sat perfectly still, waiting for the moment when he could stretch his feet and forget. Sherlock stalked forward until he came to stand before John, pale gaze sharp and intelligent with knowledge beyond that of any animal. He was sizing John up, circling him,
John flushed the drugs down the drain, willing the heaviness on his chest to ease. When he turned to the sink to wash the remnants of the cocaine from the tray, he caught sight of himself in the mirror. There were bags beneath his eyes and his hair was unkempt from Sherlock’s nuzzling, but that wasn't what made him look away. It was the fear in his eyes that disturbed him.
John shifted, clearly feeling uncomfortable and out of place as he watched Sherlock roll his sleeves up his arms. God, John was already half hard and the man hadn't so much as made a move towards him.
John could feel his heart thumping wildly in his chest. This man knew his name and of his connection to Jasper without John having ever said a word. Who was he and how did he know so much?
The room was dim, but John had just enough light to make a ham sandwich without having to torture his retinas with harsh fluorescents. For once, it felt nice to have the house to himself. His shirt was left back in the room, and John didn't feel like having to explain why he had bite marks on his collar bone.
John nodded, feeling the same way. "Mum wants me to stay with her, help her keep an eyes out on Harry." John cleared his throat, suddenly feeling his mouth go dry. He hadn't yet told anyone about his plans to enlist in the army, and decided that he didn't to ruin the day with
want to, and not any emotional manipulation on your part." Then he swung into the store, his bat cape swirling out behind him. Drama queen.
Sherlock knocked his hand away abruptly and shoved his own inside instead, pulling out his erection with undue haste. The other hand braced against the back of the couch as he drew his hand up and down John’s cock twice before dropping a kiss on John’s lips and pulling away completely to stand.
It wasn't until late afternoon that Holmes returned. He glided through the foyer without even a glance in John's direction, deeply engrossed in whatever he was tinkering with on his phone. The door to Holmes’ office slammed loudly behind him, causing the woman next to John to flinch slightly.
Finally, the man looked away and John felt himself slump in visible relief, and sag back against the wall feeling drained from the exchange.
-” Sherlock started, but cut off abruptly. Then, he turned and stared at John with his lips parted in realization, until John began to fidget beneath those sharp, glass eyes. “Forgive me, John. What I mean to say is… will you accompany me to the gala this evening?”
John could feel his pulse as it ratcheted up a notch at the notifications. His thumb hovered over the screen, unsure if he should unlock it, enable his addiction to whatever it was that Sherlock fueled in him.
"You couldn't have just told me this is what you wanted?" John grit out between clenched teeth, folding his arms around his body. He was vulnerable under those sharp eyes, and uncomfortable with the lack of light in the room. It was too intimate an atmosphere. " You did all this, hiring me, because you wanted to what—shag me?"
“Because you aren’t well, John,” Sherlock’s lips said, even as his mind screamed out in opposition to stay silent.
Every word that tumbled from his lips left an acrid taste behind, and John wanted nothing more than to take them back. Sherlock only watched him with impenetrable, flinty eyes, offering no out for him.
John licked a stripe along his long neck that concluded with a suckle at the bottom of his jaw. Sherlock groaned, sliding his cock between John's cheeks with the barely controlled rocking of his hips.
When the shudders faded, Sherlock stayed, shifting his weight to lie half atop John and half on the mattress. He waited, hand outstretched over John's chest, counting the intervals between breaths.
Sherlock growled and jumped out of his seat, coming to pace before Mycroft, who only stood tapping an umbrella patiently against the wood floor. "Of course you have people watching us; I can't even have any privacy in my own home. Tell me," Sherlock stopped, an arms length before his brother, attempting to stare him down, to which Mycroft held his ground, "what have your 'sources' told you of my current situation?"
"Victor, you seem to be under the persuasion that because I allow you to warm my bed on occasion, that you have some sort of power over me," Sherlock said calmly, as if speaking of the weather, and John could feel his face heat up, almost feeling pity for the man in which Sherlock's scathing diatribe was directed. "Don't believe for one moment that you hold anymore importance than you actually do. Whatever absurd, romantic notion you have of us, it would do you good to get rid of it."
"Mr. Watson, I'm afraid I don't have all day to follow you. Please, get into the car." Mycroft's tone was polite, but there was a crisp, cold edge to his words that left John with no doubts that this was not a request; it was an order.
Jasper's struggles continued for a moment longer before reluctantly abating. His specs had fallen away from his face when he'd hit the ground, and now John could see the pain in his glassy eyes without the hindrance. Jasper stared back at John with enough betrayal to cause him to look away.
The house that once carried so much life was now a place of restless spirits. Humans maintained the stance that Werewolves were animals and soulless spawns of the devil - well, those who believed in such things - but John knew that to be a lie. He felt them there, lingering in every shadowy nook, could sense their eyes as he walked further into the room. Spirits that couldn't find rest until John did what he had to do.
.” Mycroft stood, towering over the both of them even behind his desk, his cheeks suffused with red as his blood pressure rapidly rose. How dare they squabble like children! Over a boy, nonetheless! When they sat, Mycroft arranged his suit jacket, smoothing a hand down the front as he pulled himself back together. Angrily, he huffed, “Fools, the both of you, allowing a child to come between you.”
Sherlock materialized in the living room again, this time with a damp towel and a disinfectant. "Sit," he ordered, pointing to the chair with the Union Jack pillow.
Sherlock pinched his lips together, growing frustrated, but decided against arguing. John was being stubborn and nothing he said was going to change his mind. He would have to show him instead. Sherlock pulled the rag from the water and drained it before wrapping the rag around his index finger. John closed his eyes and waited.
Sherlock was on John in a second, inserting his thigh between the smaller man's in a proprietary manner, his tongue sliding against John's with brute force. John had heard the phrase ‘kissing with abandon,’ but always thought it a bit overdramatic. Now, it was the only description for what they were currently doing.
John shrugged, aiming for nonchalance, but the heat of his gaze spoke louder than his actions ever would. Although he refused to verbalize it, John wore the signs of attraction like a neon sign, loud and glaring.
Sherlock led them to his designated meeting area, two chairs settled in front of the floor-to-ceiling windows that afforded a skyline view of the Wharf, Thames and beyond.
The way that Sherlock’s eyes gleamed mischievously alerted John that there was a possibility he knew exactly what he was thinking.
The atmosphere grew tense and John pulled at his collar, trapped under Holmes' penetrating gaze and overheated.
After a moment, the door was opened by an unassuming older gentleman. He was wearing blue coveralls and his wiry grey hairs peaked from beneath a black fleece cap. He offered a mild grin and stepped away from the door invitingly.
The earplugs were taken out and flung to some darkened corner of the room, and two large hands cradled John's reddened cheeks with a firm, but careful grip.
“He doesn’t know I’m back,” John said, and raked his nails over his scalp. They intertwined at the crown of his head, elbows akimbo. “Christ, Sherlock, you’re the only one that knows about all this, and I’d appreciate it if you kept it that way for now.”
No matter how many times John blinked - which could have been no less than ten times in less than thirty seconds - the image didn't disappear. All the amount of glaring in the world couldn't make this mishap go away, and John wasn't able to make heads or tails of how he was feeling, to know that his private life had just been made very,
Sherlock was circling him, checking the cuffs on his wrist, the strength of the chain, and finally, John himself, sharp almond eyes glowing with pleasure. John could already feel the heat of those hands roaming over this body, the curve of his arse, until the simmering warmth in his upper body wasn't the only thing burning for Sherlock.
Sherlock snapped into the phone. Mycroft always chose the worst of times to impose himself into Sherlock’s life. It was exhausting and he was still quite cross with the man for pulling that stunt with John’s parents. He and John had had plans that night, too.
Murray's eyebrows nearly touched his hairline, and his lips snapped shut in alarm as he registered the severity in Sherlock's countenance. Murray's brows lowered and furrowed, shading his concerned gaze. “Yes, anything, of course,” he hurried to say. “What can I do?”
"Mrs. Hudson," Sherlock cut off the elderly woman's admonishment between gritted teeth, "if you'll please bring the food to the table. We're all more than a bit hungry."
John stood with a heavy sigh, determined to cut this little intervention down by halves, and disrobed from his earlier selection, into Sarah's carefully handpicked ensemble. The sweater used to be one of his favorites, during the first year of college, and had, in fact, awarded him Sarah's number, when first they met. Now it was snug over John's stockier frame, and left little to the imagination, in his mediocre opinion. The trousers were just as he remembered; tight, and they hugged his arse and thighs magnificently.
In a way, it was a comfort to know that John would be in England for some time and not completely out of reach just yet. Sherlock was a bit confused by why such a thing would give him solace. It wasn't as if he would be able to visit him, but knowing that they were still in the same country brought a small amount of relief.
Irene rolled her eyes and closed some of the distance between them. “First order of business, I’m giving you the day off. Second, you are taking a break from Lady Grey for a few hours, and you are going to go out and meet people, like you used to.”
What stoked his ire was the lack of communication afterwards. Anxiously, John had waited for hours for Sherlock to return to the flat so that they could discuss the terms of their... arrangement. However, when it was nearing half five, and John hadn't heard a word from Sherlock, he reluctantly dressed and made his way home.
Greg didn't notice anything different until one of the rare mornings he was at the flat on Montague. He hadn't called it home in a while, because even though that was where his friends were and his clothes and bed, Molly’s little one bedroom flat near Bart’s was where he had begun to feel most at home. So he left the comfort of Molly’s bed early and made the trek to his flat for more clothes and maybe a cuppa with John.
A cleared throat, and John was keenly aware of the smug smile on his father's face. "Don't think I didn't realize your terrible attempt at deflection earlier, my boy. Come on, you wouldn't deprive your mother the chance to know if her little boy has fallen for someone." And if that wasn't throwing John to the wolves, he didn't know what was.
Jim's eyes lit up like a kid in Christmas. “Oh, this is precious. Don't tell me you're trying to keep this one,” he said, flinging a finger at John without so much as a glance. “Oh, well…,” Jim sighed, his head moving in a vaguely reptilian motion as he fixed Sherlock with his empty gaze. “You’d better tread carefully, Sherlock. Wouldn't want all of your little secrets to come back and slap you in the face, now would we?”
ask about it. What am I supposed to say!" The words came out sharper than intended and Sherlock eyes hardened into cold steel at John's tone, defensive and cutting.
John stared at the text message from Sherlock, running an unsteady finger over the edge of his bottom lip. After a kip on the couch and another shower to wash away the sensation of insects crawling under his skin, this left John with a little less than an hour. His stomach was a constant coil of wiggling, thrashing emotions all grappling to pull John under. In his dreams, there was no reprieve. All John could see was Moriarty’s dead eyes and his lips forming around the very words that invaded every thought.
The song ended, and the others collapsed in various places around the stage giggling, but John was already jumping off the stage and moving towards the darkened corner of the room where Sherlock waited for him.
Redbeard began wasting away before his eyes. He stopped eating and became lethargic. Mycroft took one look at him and knew, knew what Sherlock didn't have the data to deduce at that age. Maybe if he had, Redbeard could have lived. They were always together, Sherlock and his hound, much more than Mycroft was home from school. Mummy and Father couldn’t have known as they were often too busy to notice what Sherlock got off into when he was bored.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes, scanning John’s body in a way that made him seem more machine than man. “I know that you’ve medical experience, former military, a doctor and a soldier, a walking contradiction if there ever was one. I know that you hate the flat you have now and have been looking to let elsewhere. I also happen to know that sex hasn’t interested you in awhile, despite the quite vigorous romp we just engaged in and I know that you’re just as unwilling to walk out the door and let this be the last time we meet as I am.”
They moved to another part of the room, to the sectional, where there would be more room to fuck. The heat of Holmes’ hand on the small of his back was enough to ground John in the moment, though he felt as if he were on cloud nine. Holmes’ stare was heavy on his skin, causing it to prickle beneath the onslaught. Every part of him was attuned to his partner, his proximity, the tilt of his hips towards John when they stopped to take a few directions from the director, and the way those eyes seared a hot, lingering trail down his body. Holmes wanted to fuck him, and the sincerity of it was startling.
John followed behind the jovial man, wondering if he would be better off turning tail and fleeing back into the woods. Everything about Sherlock made him cautious, but there was also a danger to the man that attracted John like a moth to a flame and that was what scared him.
Sherlock was obsessed with the very idea of keeping John safe, keeping John by his side. John was his lifeline.
“Sherlock.” His name in her voice nearly killed him, and like Pavlov’s dogs, his body responded to it immediately. Sherlock leant back to watch her, holding her cinched waist in his hands. “Do you still want me to—um—”
After seeing John’s parents out, John had taken Sherlock by the hand and pulled him through the kitchen and into the bedroom. Once there, they hadn't bothered with undressing before climbing into bed. Thoughts of ascending the stairs to the playroom had all but been relegated to another time.
“In my line of work, I'm in need of an assistant. You’d be well compensated and have a roof over your head should you accept.”
John grunted and pushed past Sherlock and to the tabloid that sat on the kitchen table, where it'd been since that morning. Looking at it made his chest clench, even then. "Have you read any of this yet?" John picked up the newspaper and the tabloid, waving them around briefly, before tossing them carelessly back onto the table.
Sherlock paid his tithe to John's lips, curved over his lover’s body as they exchanged the blessing John had gifted him. John's semen rolled over Sherlock's tongue like silk, and down, between John's lips, escaping the soft cup their mouths formed to spill down their massaging chins.
John shook his head. Hope rose and he crushed it down swiftly, because it never got him anywhere with Harry. He didn't want empty words, he needed assurance. “Why?”
The bag shook in his hand, and Sherlock realized that he was moving it, unable to still his tremors as he fought the urge to do what felt so ingrained after years of self-inflicted abuse.
need to know what to do with a pram. But of course, John, always the unpredictable variable, goes and gets himself altered into an infant," he grumbled, wrinkling his nose as John pummeled it with his fist, giggling.
John grinned, his fear turning quickly to giddiness and a hunger that only Sherlock could invoke in him. “Don't pretend like you didn't want it.”
When they pulled apart to breathe Sherlock's mellifluous voice filtered through the haze of desire, coated with lust and fervency. "You've no idea the things I want to do to you. I would have you right here," he moaned, pushing his groin against John's.
Fortunately, it wasn't too late to catch his favourite shopkeeper, and John swung inside, exhaling at the warmth that immediately fell over him like a sheepskin throw. It reminded him of easier days playing Cluedo with Harry in front of a toasty fire, and hot chocolate flowing silkenly down his gullet while they waited up for old Saint Nick.
Sherlock didn't look at him, was afraid that his face would betray the swell of emotions swimming behind his gaze. His mouth, however, had always been uncontrollable. “More than.”
John was right there. His interest was obvious and he would be easy and pliant from sleep. Sherlock could turn him onto his stomach without much fuss, put his tongue in John's arse to make him ready. Then, he could push himself inside and take what he wanted. John's knees would be bloody from the ground, hands scraped, and hair messy from Sherlock's fingers.
The routine grew less coordinated from there, as they hadn’t done much with it to begin with, and soon, the others had joined them.
"Not soon enough," John grumbled, putting as much distance between himself and the foot as possible. "So are we having human organs for dinner?"
John was not relieved when the woman left. That meant it was just Holmes and himself left to hash it out, and John wasn't quite sure what the man would do now that they were alone.
Instead, he'd lost John to the most unlikely person, and the knowledge of that hurt more than anything else. Jasper hated his father for it, but even then, with that dreadful emotion dredging up awful thoughts about the man who raised him, Jasper could still say that he missed him dearly.
Shortly after, they reached the Royal Society of Medicine. As always, dread pooled in Sherlock's gut as the car pulled to the kerb. Even after years of attending galas and fancy parties in the name of science and charity, Sherlock still found that he disliked the events with a passion. He didn't like people or being forced to interact with them, and just the very thought of spending hours pretending to be someone he wasn't made his stomach turn.
The question didn't necessarily catch him off guard, but John didn't know quite how to answer it. What would he have Sherlock do; fire him? John could use the money, but did he really deserve the job. Case in point: the activities of the night before, and the fact that not only did he not show up for work that day, but he was naked in a robe, sitting in his employer's flat having lunch.
John laughed in surprise, but Sherlock only glowered and the sound tapered off. "That's rich coming from you. Want to tell me why you think so?"
John smiled, blushing like a virgin, even after just having had phone sex with Sherlock. "Alright," he conceded, already anxious to see him.
Finally, the Alpha had left the room and Lestrade began to help him to the stairs, shaking his grey head as they went. "So, that was our pack leader, if you haven't figured that out for yourself already. He can be a bit of a wanker."
John could hear the smile in Sherlock's voice as the man began to narrate his thoughts in a rich rumble that made John's mouth water. "I'm thinking of you the way you were last night, when I let you climb on top of me. I could come just thinking of it." Sherlock paused, and John was sure he could hear the man moan softly. His own hand drifted beneath the sheets, slowly.
For the first time since he'd met Sherlock, John found himself hating the man for his brilliance and insight. He wouldn't leave well enough alone.  "The RAMC, he's ensured that I'll get into the RAMC. Are you happy now, you daft bastard? You will never see me again," John hissed, standing on his toes, in Sherlock's slack face. "Ever."
There was one memorable instance in which Greg had brought Mina over to watch a film. Of course, Greg had other things in mind, but Sherlock, the bloody cock-block, arrived with John in tow, drunk off their arses and more handsy than usual. Beside him, Mina had instantly tensed up, her body a hard ridge tucked into the crook of his arm.
"You've a bit of -," Holmes cut off, gesturing to the corner of his lips, and John quickly caught on, swiping the sleeve of his frayed coat over his mouth. It was stained a russet color when he pulled it away.
“Show me,” Sherlock demanded, utterly unbothered save for the enlarged pupils and the way he seemed to settle back in his seat. John could imagine his thighs parting to sit comfortably with his erection.
When John was free, Sherlock pulled him over, letting John straddle his lap and lay his head in the crook of Sherlock’s neck and shoulder. He wrapped his arms around John’s waist and held him close, the rightness of it an alien feeling to him.
John pursed his lips, nodding down at his hands before he moved his head to stare squarely into Sherlock's eyes. “Then you know that I can't let that happen to you, Sherlock. I would-” John had to pause and swallow down the swell of emotions clawing up his throat. “I would never forgive myself if I didn't try.”
The fact that John couldn’t deny that she was right was telling enough. Sherlock Holmes was an attractive man, and slightly intimidating in his intensity. He nearly shivered at the memory of those soft lips pressed against his hand, and briefly wondered how they would feel on his body. “I don’t know what to make of that, or him for that matter. He didn’t alarm me any, but…” John didn't know how to finish his sentence. What was it about Holmes that made his heart rate speed up? He’d seen many attractive men, but the effect one had on him was never so acute.
Strong hands yanked John forward until his lower back balanced at the edge of the table, and the already overworked muscles in his thighs stretched even further as Sherlock bent John's legs back.
Cocaine was a religious experience of its own kind. Nothing could make Sherlock drop to his knees quicker than a gram of cocaine. The high was exquisite and Sherlock chased it like a worshiper seeking penance. There was the one instance in which Sherlock might have gone a bit far with the drugs, took too much too fast and he was seeing the white light at the end of the tunnel, except it was the bright fluorescent lights directly over his hospital bed and not the one he was sure didn't exist.
Sherlock grabbed John’s wrist before he could get far and reeled him in to stand between his legs. His cock was still obscenely hard and John’s saliva hadn’t yet completely dried. “Whatever it is can wait,” he growled, annoyed at the intrusion. He’d had yet to be this intimate with John since his return. He’d missed it, and now someone had the gall to interrupt.
John chuckled uncomfortably, staring down at his feet in chagrin. "No, no, nothing like that," he replied sheepishly, incapable of putting a label on whatever had happened between he and Holmes.
John pushed away the green-eyed monster whispering ugly things into his ear, and joined the others outside, where they loaded up their bags in an SUV. Mycroft's luxury car was still parked on the gravel, though the man was nowhere to be seen; probably already packed away inside, hidden behind tinted windows.
Lestrade didn't back down from Sherlock's mercurial glare and the moment stretched interminably between the two, before Sherlock scoffed angrily.
He was weak, but the loss of John to a place even Sherlock could not reach had been a blow. Had he never reached out to a reluctant Sarah on details of John's whereabouts, he would have never known...
The further Greg walked from the flat, the less he felt the heady tension that enveloped the place and the occupants therein.
John’s eyes shifted to a point behind Sherlock's shoulders, his eyes growing distant. “I woke up this way, but since then, it feels like my skin is constantly tingling. My shoulder, especially, is nearly unbearable.” As he spoke, John reached back to itch the skin of his shoulder, exactly where the gunshot wound should have been. The shirt was large enough of John's smaller frame that he could push it back a bit. Sherlock could see a patch of skin where the exit point of the wound would be, growing puffy and irritated.
The taller man flicked on the lights and pulled his coat off to hang near the door. He still hadn't uttered a word, and John wondered if that should make him nervous or happy. After what happened earlier in the day, the way John had walked out, anything Sherlock could say would be fair.
Everyone froze, including Sherlock who had gotten up to peer out the window. The older Holmes didn't apologize for his son, because after all, Jasper was a product of his father, and everyone knew Sherlock Holmes never apologized for a deduction. Jasper however, had his eyes cast down in shame, gritting his teeth as he searched for something to say. "John, I didn't-"
"Women are not my area." The words were curt and to the point, and John heard the warning behind the words. They were on dangerous territory.
Sherlock watched until she disappeared behind a set of doors guarded by two thick-necked goons, still as much a mystery to him than before he’d met her.
Here we are people, at the beginning of the end of this book. Happy New Year to you all and I hope that it was a safe and happy one! All my gratitude to my lovely new beta reader
When he looked up, Sherlock’s eyes caught his and held them, locked in some silent conversation in which words had no meaning, but this… this moment was all that mattered and the next was inconsequential.
"Of course I couldn't help with the pram, what with my hip and all, but I could hold John if you like."
John chuckled lightly, hearing Jasper's outraged protest. "Well that's unfair," he spluttered indignantly, "not everyone can be a posh git like you!"
Unable to put it off any longer, John turned to meet him, pulling the robe tighter round his body. "Sherlock, I'm-," was as far as John could get before Sherlock held a hand up, prematurely putting an end to what was meant to be a session in groveling.
“I can assure you, John, time will be the furthest thing from your mind when I’ve got you in my bed and your thighs over my shoulders.”
running low on milk for the tea. He looked back to John who was watching him curiously, and something about it was so similar to his partner, Sherlock's insides began to swell. He would recognize that knowing look anywhere.
John felt his stomach drop at these words and had to swallow several times. There was no reason that this man shouldn't be believed. He didn't seem the type to make idle threats or issue promises he couldn't keep. The fact that Sherlock hadn't attacked Mycroft yet, meant the man might wield a considerable amount of power over him.
When Sherlock spoke, it was low and rugged, a man tempted and restraining himself. "I would never take you for a damsel, my dear John," Sherlock planted a soft, lingering kiss on his cheek and skirted his nose up until it rested beside John's, those lips at the corner of John's own. "You're a man, and when the time comes, I'll take you like one."
Sherlock pulled away, bringing his hands up to cup John's cheeks in a reverent touch that left his skin singing. "I could give you excitement everyday of your life, should you choose to stay." The words were a desperate plea underneath a guise of playfulness. Sherlock wanted him to stay, wanted him, though it was obvious that the man was just as conflicted. Jasper was his son, his blood and all he'd had for years, while John had been an entirely different experience for Sherlock.
It could have been worse, John reasoned, because if he were honest, the picture wasn't half bad. It was actually kind of cute, if one were on the outside looking in. It was after their dinner in Chinatown and Sherlock was leading him to his car where he'd instructed the driver to wait. It was only a short paragraph stuffed to the left next to an overly descriptive essay about Moose. In comparison, the piece wasn't much at all but anyone that knew John would catch it instantly, and anything about Sherlock Holmes always raised much ado in London. What was worse was finding that someone had been watching them from the moment they stepped foot in Chinatown. Someone must have recognized Sherlock and sold his picture to the paper in the hopes of making a few pounds. It grated, the fact that someone intruded on his life for profit.
The hint of a smile pulled at the corner of Sherlock's lips as he turned to face John, bringing them chest to chest. "But you like it," he stated softly, without a doubt.
There was a man that owed Sherlock a favour. Sherlock had proved his innocence in the rape of a girl at a uni party.
Holmes hummed. "Very good," he said, deep voice smoothing over the words with more meaning than John could comprehend. "Well then, I'll leave you to it. Best head back soon, John. Janine will be expecting you." Holmes stepped back from the table and nodded a goodbye at the two of the before meandering away to find his companion.
"You're drunk." It was a statement, far from a question, and too well spotted to be anything other than true. "Where are you?"
John Watson was spitting angry. There was simply no other way to describe the boiling rage bubbling dangerously beneath his skin. It seemed his face had been burning red for the majority of the day in embarrassment, and his brow felt stiff and aching with the force of his frown.
A sigh. “Do get in Jasper. I've already exasperated my resources for the night and I really don't want to have to force you.”
Even in the darkness, Sherlock's eyes never wavered, pellucid in the dim light of the room. No one had ever looked at John that way, pierced through him with their gaze like Sherlock could. So, John looked away, afraid of what Sherlock would see if he looked too deep. It was too soon to lose something he'd just discovered; it was like a new and wonderful thing that seemed all too good to be true. That was all well and good, but John wanted to hold on to this crazy, wonderful man while he could.
Sherlock’s slanted, iridescent eyes narrowed, lips parting as he leant forward the slightest bit, before thinking better of it. His fingers curled on John’s back until the tips of his nails bit into the skin. It wasn’t intentional, it appeared, as Sherlock lightened his hold when John closed his eyes and gasped, thinking of those hands doing more and more.
“When did he leave?” Jasper hadn't meant to ask, but since it was out in the open now, he found that he genuinely wanted to know.
John changed out of his work attire into a t-shirt and some comfortable flannel pyjama bottoms. He set to work tidying up the flat, welcoming the mindless tasks, eager to think of something other than the over-confident, insanely gorgeous tycoon that apparently wanted into his trousers.
John grabbed his pack he kept hidden in a darkened corner of the alley, and limped to the mouth of the opening, peeking round the corner where Alfie and his motley crew might be lingering.
Sherlock followed him anyway, and John didn’t try to stop him. It was all fine, and besides, he had a lock on the door now.
Somewhere, voices crackled in and out of existence like a tuning radio, and John's skin began to snap away and fall to the ground in loud clatters like porcelain plates, shattering into pieces as his body crumbled. Sherlock wanted to cup his palms and catch it all, but the pain in his chest was widening, until sitting up was impossible. His vision grew blurry, and the line between reality and fantasy blurred in and out.
“Alright,” John conceded, slowly pulling his shirt out of Sherlock's hold and headed towards the couch.
Sherlock was back again, though his touches were steadily growing bolder. John knew he was sweating under the onslaught, but he couldn't be arsed to care when he felt the heat of that solid body settle between his splayed legs.
He snarled, resisting the urge to grab at his hair and pull. Where was his heartlessness when he needed it? Where was that brutal, cold exterior he’d carefully crafted over the years? Where?!
Sherlock rolled his eyes to look up at him, his tongue darting out for a long, lecherous taste. “Mm,” he moaned, pitching his voice low and deep. “Spread your legs.”
The silence that followed was long and ominous, Molly's words a dark cloud that threatened rain and lightning and thunder. Sherlock wanted to scream at her, accuse her of negligence, but he knew that this was beyond that. Then, he looked,
Sherlock's eyes narrowed at his candid response, though one side of his lips perked up in minor amusement. "Then what would you have me do with you," Sherlock inquired softly, raising one dark brow, exhibiting a serious demeanor, yet the tone of his voice hinted at the man being a bit facetious.
The hall opened up to the main room, which was set up to appear more like a hotel lobby than the sex club that it really was. There was even an information desk, which Sherlock approached, flashing a tight smile to Kate, Irene's personal assistant.
Good, Sherlock thought, because John was his, and no one would steal him after Sherlock just got him back.
The thought came fond and unbidden, but this time, John didn't push it away. The sentiment made him smile.
Sherlock shook his head. "I can't be certain, but as far as I've observed - no. John probably isn't thinking about much of anything right now, but it's too early to conclude anything. Now that you've brought the pram, I may be able to get down to the lab and run some tests."
