**BBC Sherlock fic trope alert!!**BBC Sherlock fic trope alert!!** Takeaway curry **BBC Sherlock fic trope alert!!**BBC Sherlock fic trope alert!!**
“No, but differences create interest.  I wonder how long before the counter-girl there knows your order off by heart.”
you’re exclusive.”
“The music of the season is one of its only redeeming features,” Sherlock informed him. “That, and. . .” He cleared his throat and rose to stand, crossing to find his pipe and matches, commencing to busy his hands with them.
“Well, that line of discourse has proven effective,” Sherlock said, glancing at his lap. “For you as well?”
“No, we just had dinner. Are you at home right now?”
Sherlock gathered up the paper everything—pizza box, plates, cups, serviettes—and cleared the table. John crossed his arms.
“Didn’t think you got my texts.”
“I’ll give it right back.”
“Oh, you’re not alone,” John told him with a laugh. He cleared his throat. “I’ve a plan to watch the sun set from that deck out there; tonight’s our last chance.”
“You won’t,” Sherlock asserted.
Our long-term project will be due at the end of the month (specific details to follow as the date draws closer) and is for each student to create a Family Tree to share with schoolmates. We hope to see creative,
“Let’s keep up the pace, darling; you don’t want to be late to dance class.”
“Shh.” An admonishment; a deflection. “Dammit,” he muttered.
“Personally, looking forward to our trip.”
John had finally nearly finished the NHS job application. He spent at least a few hours a day mentally rehearsing what it would be like to work in a London clinic, tried to make it engaging or at least appealing but repeatedly failed. He cursed the tremor in his hand that had put a premature end to his life’s work as a surgeon. He doubly cursed the dead soul of the one who had shot him and left him sometimes-sleepless from the ache in his shoulder, with tingling in the nerves of his arm and hand, little irritating licks of fire that ranged from ticklish itch to stabbing burn.
Relevant facts were that he and John had slept together, and had confessed enduring feelings. He supposed he could only prove the truth of his own feelings, but for the sake of simplifying a thought experiment was willing to assume John was also being genuine. In the past few weeks their interactions had been mostly pleasant, reminding Sherlock of how they’d been at their best. Which of course begged contrast with their final two years together, which had ranged from dull at best to harrowing at worst. He wondered if it was generally considered good form to weight all the years of a relationship equally; was a good year a one-to-one comparison with a bad year? Their worst year seemed to have been more intensely bad than their best year had been good. But there was the effect of time to consider as well:  the bad years being more recent perhaps had an out-size effect on the perception of overall happiness through the course of time. Though with Sherlock’s nearly-eidetic memory, if anyone should be able to sense the balance of recent bad and more distant good, it should be him. Did one bad year cancel out two good ones? Did the best years bring more benefit than the middling ones did harm?
“Haven’t we had a good time together? Guys like us are hard to come by; all I ever meet are these twenty-year-old twinks with girls’ eyebrows who want to dance down the middle of 15
“Or not. Sorry.”
Sherlock considered telling John what he’d discovered of George’s extracurricular activities, about pills and vials of powder, and the fact Sherlock’s brain kept circling back to the topic, and that it was wearying in its perseverance. To constantly ignore the possibility of unattended drugs two rooms away was energy-draining. Sherlock had briefly toyed with the idea of requesting a room change, but knew it would be refused—if one wanted it, they’d all want it; the entire season’s travel arrangements had already been made; they were paired up at random to avoid just that sort of whinging. And it was not as if Sherlock could assert his reason for it without selling out his teammate as a drug user, something he would never do. In the end it was less complicated to just grit his teeth and bear it, having made it clear to George evidence of his habit must be kept well out of Sherlock’s sight. Sherlock was tempted in various ways every day, regardless. The insistent lure of his own, tamed-down habits was nothing new, and Sherlock had but to resist it, as he had been doing for over five years. To coin a phrase, Sherlock must, as ever, keep clean and carry on.
“Maybe, I think,” Rosie said noncommittally. “I like Angelo’s because we always go there, but I kind of don’t like it.”
“Just bruised.”
“What’s this?” He pointed to the ear muffs.
“If you’re good.”
“Watson, oh,” he echoed himself, and his hand found his forehead in a motion John had only ever seen in Punch and Judy shows, indicating a confounding state of emotional crisis. “Oh, will people
“How in the hell do you remember that?” John demanded. The corners of his mouth softened slightly upward, and by then they’d taken three steps together, John’s face still turned up toward the surface of the cliff.
“Thank you, no.” Sherlock removed his waistcoat and necktie, heard John inhale as if to speak, then hum instead. As he loosened his shirt around the neck, he felt John rise to stand, just behind him, and turned to find him frowning furiously, neither sad nor angry, though somewhere between the two.
Given the expression on Mycroft’s face at that moment, had he been anyone else, Sherlock would have hated to disappoint him. “No, of course not. But you should come visit, nonetheless.”
“Right,” Sherlock immediately surrendered.
. It had been ages since they’d worked a case together; their easy simpatico, the back-and-forth play of their complimentary puzzle-solving skills, even the shape of John’s forehead as he frowned over the work were all things Sherlock had greatly missed, even before John moved out of Baker Street. Working with John again had been the most pleasant two-hour stretch they’d spent together in longer than Sherlock could remember. Seeing John so engaged, reading up in his spare time, had made Sherlock smile to himself, despite himself. And then John had wrecked it.
“You’re needed. Nothing dangerous.”
“Bit early for me, but go on, if you like,” John replied. Sherlock only hummed, not wanting to disarrange them so soon after tucking them in. “Oh, hey,” John said then, as if remembering something he’d meant to say earlier. “Did your agent call you?”
What could John do but what he’d been told? He resettled his pillow as his slurry-voiced, wild-haired beloved sank low and lower in the little metal bed.
More junk in the post: holiday sales adverts, mobile phone companies appearing to offer better prices than their same-priced competitors (and here were three postcards to prove it), and just in case he wished to buy a Jaguar–well, the current model year ones were a downright steal, but only if one made haste to one’s local dealer.
“Can you call Sherlock and ask him to go look and see if Lulu’s playing? Then if she is, we can hurry up and get dressed and go there very quickly.”
John knew he should not have assumed the event was one they would attend together, and wondered if he had, in fact assumed that. Surely not. Why would it be?
John had a lot of questions, which would have to wait, as Sir Paul was just then tucking his knees under John’s fake-wood table, picking a stray hair off it and flicking it to the floor. He hung the coat, clutched his notebook in a sweaty hand, and followed Sherlock across the room.
“Need help with the washing up, then?” John offered.
. . .” Sherlock groaned as he came, hot and messy onto his own low belly, his every vein singing hot with a thrumming rush of blood, his heart thudding, gooseflesh rising on his arms.
Rosie was leaning into the fridge and called, “Which of these bottles is cherry punch, and which is science?” Sherlock quickly gained his feet, brushing John’s shoulder with the reassuring weight of his hand as he passed; John reached up to touch his fingers.
“Nice being on the road with you again.”
There was a very specific sensation of peace inside Sherlock’s chest just then, one he had not felt often enough in recent years, and it reminded him of John, his colleague and friend. Partner. It was as if he had inhaled all the clean air of the world, and now could just go on sighing it out forever. He hadn’t realised he missed it. Regardless:
It was true Sherlock had done the wrong thing at the wrong time. He’d already berated himself, not knowing how long Rosie lay on the sofa wilting, warming, fading to pale. He thought if she’d called for him, he’d have heard, and come straight to her. But maybe not. He couldn’t know for sure.
Beneath it all, a greeting-card sized envelope, almost square, of thick, rough paper in a tasteful shade of dark red. On the front, elegantly hand-lettered in gold ink,
“Have you got a cigarette?” Sherlock asked.
“They’d have to come through me, first.”
“Tiger Wooly?” John asked, cocking his head, at last truly intrigued.
“Game day,” John agreed. “Sleep well, then. Talk later.”
“Gas! Gas!” John’s fingernails scratched trails into his own chest, fighting for breath as he swam to the surface of sleep. “I– Will! I…”
“Look at you, you little dreamboat,” John teased.
“No, I. . .Ah.” John stammered, and cleared his throat. “I suppose I just forgot it?”
“Very funny,” John chided. “You’re funny.” He ditched the plates and forks in the sink, drew out his phone to buy their tickets. One thing Sherlock decidedly did not need just then was John worrying over him. Doubting him. That much, Sherlock could handle all on his own.
Sherlock arranged a small smile. “Good talk,” he agreed, for John’s sake. And for Watson’s sake. Probably, too, for his own.
“Absolutely not, I’ve a house to run.” Sherlock sat up straight and though he looked pale and not a little sweaty, he took up the lemonade and sipped.
Sherlock immediately assumed the worst, that John had been browsing league news and there was something in the press about Sherlock being busted to the AHL, or being put on leave, or traded.
“Can I have your
“Sorry, Dadda, but can I have this much?” she motioned with her hands. “In the blue mug.”
“Come on, then,” Sherlock said, and swept her onward with his hand on her shoulder. “The shop up the road. No sweets, though; don’t ask.”
“I’m working on it,” Sherlock said seriously. Despite Lestrade’s efforts to end the discussion on a bolstering high note, Sherlock felt doomed.
Sherlock brushed aside the air beside his shoulder. “It’s nothing.”
to him.
“It’s fine.” Sherlock swished the blue mug, dumped the water, swished again.
Sherlock’s nose crumpled at the bridge. He quick-glanced at the box on the table, return address in Scotland, not that John was being nosy.
“You should know—I want you to know—that I can’t imagine myself not wanting to be with you,” Sherlock told him. “I do hope you’ll stay with me, only until you don’t want to anymore.” He fiddled the little bag open and drew out a platinum ring, custom-made in two joined pieces. “That’s all.”
John did that awful grimacing grin of his, his mean streak flaring. He shook his head. “You disappeared into your own head while Rosie watched YouTube on the sofa.”
The puck dropped; the game was on. Sherlock tensed and slid slightly toward his stick side, head tilting to keep the puck-carrier in view. Kocur was there to defend him, and Mellon jitterbugged around the shooting lane, pestering the Thrashers’ offense. A furious one-timer rang the post and deflected to the middle; rebound; wrist-shot. . . Sherlock snatched the puck from the air as if it were traveling in slow motion. Save by Holmes.
“Mm.” Sherlock was noncommittal; his brain—usually quieter after a good shag—was tangled up in thoughts of his flat, his family, the flight back to Boston, training camp. “Maybe I should sell this place,” he mused to the ceiling.
Three minutes in, the Gold Rush scored on him—one-timer from the hash marks, through a screen. Arguably not a gettable puck. Sherlock turned away from where he knew the TV cameras were trained on him, fired a stream of water from his bottle into his mouth, then spit it, as always. As he settled back into his crease, though, something cracked—or slid out of place—and from that moment on, he was scrambling. A distinct, unnerving sense settled in his limbs and gut that the game was rushing ahead of him, and no matter what he did or thought, no matter how many of his breaths he tuned into, no matter how much resetting he did when play moved away from him, Sherlock could not catch up. He was simply out of sync.
As the party wound to a close, Sherlock went on being the most gracious host imaginable, helping the ladies with their coats; pressing pre-arranged, gift-wrapped boxes of leftover treats into the hands of his departing guests; insisting the party had been perfect because of its intimacy--no one needs more than three friends--and declining dinner invitations with assurances he had other plans.
“Worse,” Sherlock intoned, and arranged his face into fearsome serenity. “
“Done talking?” John astutely deduced.
“The meeting with the teacher. It’s not uncommon for children of separated parents to act out at school. Personally, I’m curious to hear what form it’s taken. My money’s on refusal to cooperate with instruction.”
“Golden.”
“I wouldn’t miss it,” Sherlock assured.
“So I owe you something?” Sherlock returned a sneer of his own.
The same thought had occurred to Sherlock.
JW: I’m game.
“Not on your life,” John replied. He was stood smack in the middle of the walkway, with one hand on each rail, his knuckles white and his face pale. Sherlock gave himself a little inward scold for not having noticed; they’d stepped out onto the precarious-looking structure at least fifteen minutes earlier.
John watched the game from the owners’ box with Kim; the Thrashers took it four to three, which certainly pleased him. For his part, though, Sherlock was annoyed with himself for letting one get-able puck go by him on the stick side, and his self-chastisement crowded out anything positive he might have thought about the rest of his performance: three perfectly legitimate goals against him, just the one bad one, and twenty-seven saves. He huffed and grunted his way through undressing, ditching his gear in a heap for the equipment manager to sort out and pack, but reminded himself it was John’s night, and so let the steam-heat of the shower slough away his residual layer of dark thought. By the time he was dressed and ready to show his face, he had all but shaken off the loss. Nothing a night in bed with John wouldn’t resolve.
John was waiting in a car for him once Sherlock was steered out of the arena, and greeted him with a bright expression and a warm kiss, one hand on Sherlock’s thigh and the other on his cheek.
A pale flush coloured Sherlock’s cheeks.
There came a knock on his door, then—a heavy, side-of-the-fist thudding—and George’s voice.
“Hey, what about that?” John exclaimed when Sherlock finally broke through the membrane of players’ bodies to reach him. He had to steady himself on Sherlock’s arm and lean close to his ear to be heard. Sherlock felt his hair being disarranged by the force of John’s breath.
Her smile was all the reply required, though she embellished it with, “That’s just what I want!”
Soon enough Sherlock was in his place, bracing himself against a thick wooden shelf with one hand, with Steven at his back, both of them still dressed with only their trousers open and Sherlock’s pulled down around his thighs. Mouth open at the back of Sherlock’s neck, forcing a roll of his head to make space, Steven pulled at his shirt collar with his teeth, groped with probing fingers into the cleft of his arse. Pinched a wide expanse of the flesh there. There was a mirror on a stand, decorative knick knack with an ornate pewter frame, on the shelf at Sherlock’s eye level. Clever how the horniest ones always found ways to make every single object in their environment all about sex. Steven had already revealed the drawer in a pretty little octagonal cabinet, full of condom packets and tubes of lubricant; no doubt he knew all the connection points to tie ropes to his chairs and desk legs, had an extra bathrobe in the en suite bath, and a secret stash of hundreds and fifties to derail blackmail schemes or pay escorts.
“—are among them. Out the door now, Watson, I implore you.”
To shove aside musings about whether the door was unlocked, whether George’s shave bag was in plain sight, whether it was unzipped, and what was likely inside it, Sherlock instead considered his likelihood to suck Alex George’s cock (were he not straight, were he not a teammate, were he not a drug abuser). Knowing himself as he did, he easily admitted that of course he probably would, given the chance. George was decent looking—dark blonde, with a lantern jaw and wide pale eyes—obviously fit and muscular (ho-hum, weren’t they all, wasn’t Sherlock himself), and there was a certain appeal to the fantasy cliché of turning a straight man—even if only for six or seven minutes. Sherlock could doubtless persuade George to let him. He was very persuasive.
“You got the worst of it, I’m afraid,” Sherlock said, sounding apologetic, looking down at John’s shoes, which glistened with drops of spilled coffee. “What are you having? I’ll buy you another.”
Sherlock shrugged, with one of his fake smiles—no bother, no trouble—and John could smell fresh cigarette smoke around him. The lapels of his coat. Probably his hair, which wanted trimming. Sherlock said with practised nonchalance, “She could be hours. Immune to the cold.”
“Christ. Victoria Hospital, you said?”
“Mm. Hat weather. Has Dad got one for you?”
“Got myself bashed up, actually. On a case. Bit of a lump.”
“With your brother’s stink all over it?” He showily wafted the paper toward his nose, which he scrunched up, ugly with disdain. “It’s
Mags: What do you do on dates?
John’s eyes blurred as tears seeped from his eyes, and he even sobbed out loud, and he was so glad no one was in the room to see or hear it. He immediately regretted having admitted his deepest fear, his most crippling self-doubt, the thing that kept him awake at night and that informed every move he made. He wished he could delete it, but it was already sent.
John was by then dressed enough that Sherlock could set aside the distraction of watching him, and retreated to the shower. On his return to the bedroom, Sherlock expected to find John fixing his necktie, ready to head for the waiting car to take him to his foundation’s office across the river in Kendall Square. There John would rendezvous with a cadre of public relations women, spokespersons, middle managers, and all their assistants to caravan back across the bridge into Boston, and John would debut his hour-long talk in a Copley Square hotel, for a convention of youth hockey coaches. Thus it was a surprise to instead discover him dressed only in mostly-buttoned shirt, boxer briefs, and dark socks, sitting on the edge of the bed on Sherlock’s side, with his head bowed into his hand. In his other hand, resting loosely on his thigh, was his phone. A creeping sense of distress itched through him, to find his man looking so out of sorts.
John’s smile was mostly genuine when she appeared on the stairs, one hand sliding along the rail, her rucksack slung over just one shoulder.
“He licked me so slow, all the way up to my bollocks.” John’s eyes stayed closed, and the angle was strange—chin and nose, pursing and licking his lips—as he rested the bottom edge of his phone against his chest. Just as well, as Sherlock kept forgetting to frame his own face properly, more intent on sliding his hand in perfect tempo up and down along his cock. John’s voice brought his focus back to the telling of the tale. “His tongue was so wet, and he kept on stroking it over my hole, just licking and licking while my cock got harder and harder in his hand.”
“This is a good one, I’d say,” John told him. “Thank you.”
Sherlock could only imagine John had come back to further berate him. He tugged at the cuffs of his dressing gown and stepped toward the sitting room, desperate for the cigarettes he had given up—again—months earlier. Checked the most quickly accessible hiding spots and came up empty. He heard John enter, his usual gait, not thundering, and then the sound of the doors to the landing being shut and the locks turned. His fingers dug into his palm, tight-curled, as he turned to face him.
George’s pupils were enormous. He rubbed his knuckles hard against his nose.
Hovering over his own shoulder, Sherlock congratulated himself for getting halfway through the game without shitting the bed. He avoided looking at the scoreboard, just to keep from jinxing himself and his team. Sprayed his face with his water bottle, fired some into his mouth, spit it across his crease.
“A list of several of my favourite things.”
“An ambush, I’d call it.”
John laughed, humourless but wistful. “Not remotely. She read paperbacks on the sofa. Wine in a coffee cup. Sister Kim did the shopping, cooked the meals.”
She swung a little pink duffel that held her dance shoes and a bottle of water, held it up to show him.
He asked, knowing what the reply would be but still wanting to read it.
John made a gesture of surrender and took a long draught of his ginger beer, doubtless to stop himself speaking further, which Sherlock felt was both wise of him, and kind.
“You’re good. You’ve been putting in the work; he’ll have seen that.”
“Untrue, a pair of students used an algorithm to create the world’s most annoying song and this is not it.”
“Fuck it, whatever. Order room service, watch a game or a movie. We don’t have to talk.”
“Right. Yeah,” John fumbled. “Thanks again. And sorry again.”
JW: See how you are?
The Demons got the puck away from Bouchard, and play headed back toward Sherlock. He set his stance, crouching and gliding forward of the line. It was still early in the second, 1 – 0 in favour of the Brawlers, but New Jersey was getting something going, working furiously to get the tying goal. Their star center and captain, Wes Ryan, a nine-season veteran, was tall and quick, with long strides that carried him with furious speed across the blue line and into the Brawlers’ defensive zone. His left wing had control, dangling near the top of the dot so Ryan and Marsden could set up a triangle and get some shots in before Boston’s D arrived to prevent them from scoring. Sherlock shifted to his glove side, anticipating a pass to Ryan and a wrist shot, probably top shelf.
Sherlock had a sudden realization he had not updated his profile photos in ages.
Dear Dr Watson and Mr Holmes,
Hours later, back in his little flat, scrubbed clean and dressed in his own clothes, with a box full of baked goods and his email full of photos taken by the coordinating volunteer, John still felt the residual bliss. He went to the kitchen to pour tea to have with some of the iced biscuits. The kettle was near-empty so he waited by the worktop while the fresh pot hotted up.
“What did you think I was going to say?” John asked, and put his phone aside, dropped a kiss in Sherlock’s hair. His voice was soothing; Sherlock closed his eyes.
“Charge it to?”
Sherlock sat back, hid his I’ll-be-damned, “Hunh,” with a downward tilt of his head, using the bill of his ball cap to shadow his face. Years back, when he first got clean, he’d relied on meditation, self-talk, his mantra,  intent on breathing in, then breathing out—with purpose and attention—to keep him grounded. The habits had faded over time, replaced with other, less time- and focus-consuming rituals. Equipment checks. Waiting by the dressing room door to lead the team up the tunnel. Roughing up his crease and banging his stick against the posts. Knowing as he did that everything is as it should be, Sherlock recognised that absently adding a few minutes just breathing to his mental list of to-do’s was not idle mind-chatter. He was giving himself advice. Worth a try, if it could help straighten up his game. He’d make time for it.
“No, a clean one.”
“I’m going to pass on the cake for now, Mrs H, but I appreciate the offer.”
Sherlock nodded reassurance. “It’s fine; I understand. I just worry you didn’t get a chance to relax.”
“Of course.”
John had given a wildly abbreviated version of the story to his therapist, in the context of spending two hours with Sherlock and Rosie, in their old flat, and how very unlike old times it felt.
John stopped dead in his tracks, pulled his shoulders square.
“There’s tea,” Sherlock told him, nodding at the kettle but too knackered to get up and fix him a cup. In reply to his inquiry, Sherlock offered, “I’m fat and out of shape. Luckily all but the young ones are, too.”
John did not hesitate in seeking with his small, strong hands, held Sherlock’s face and kissed his mouth, closed-lipped at first, until Sherlock offered the tentative tip of his tongue. John’s chest was broad and firm and his nipple tightened beneath the brush of Sherlock’s thumb. They whispered.
“I never told you about that.”
“Something serious?” Sherlock inquired. He tugged at his shirt cuffs to even them beneath the edges of his jacket’s sleeves. At last he realised he should have invited John to shed his jacket, have a seat, but too late, so he left it.
John wished he didn’t understand what Rosie was talking about, but he’d sat through enough online videos about the tiny plastic cats which were Year Two’s singular obsession to catch most of what she meant.
“Something I’ve been wanting to bring up,” he began, and John instantly looked concerned. “Ahh,” Sherlock said, and cleared his throat with no need to.
It was coming from the fire. Down the flue from the flat upstairs. Not sad, but slow, more lullaby than dirge. John moved to the fireplace, head ducked, hand on the mantel. Violin, unaccompanied. Sherlock, at half past two in the morning.
“Definitely not.” John’s smile was the most brilliant thing Sherlock had ever seen, every time he saw it.
“Yes.”
John’s lips pressed tight together. He took her hand. “Yeah, maybe,” he replied, forcing nonchalance. “We’ll see.”
“Or a football hooligan,” she replied, but her mouth softened from its usual thin line into something vaguely motherly, not quite smiling but with the effort obvious. She aimed her smirk solely at John. “It suits you, John, but the Holmes boys don’t wear whiskers quite so well.”
“I wonder if you know where the queers go at night,” he mused. “Is there a gay bar?”
True to their word, the Brawlers’ closed the lead by scoring one early, and the offense was playing quick and careful, minimising turnovers and taking shots wherever they could rather than waiting for the fancy play to develop. The Gold Rush started icing the puck at every opportunity, repeatedly stopping play, probably to throw the Brawlers off their rhythm. Sherlock’s hand went up again and again as the puck sailed past his line.
“Fine. It’s fine,” came the reply, followed by the jangly clang of a pot lid slamming down rather hard upon its mate. “Nevermind.”
“What for?”
garages with
“It’s good, right?” John prompted, not without confidence. He was learning.
“There are seventy-three. Only because I ran out of time, today being the first of December.” John held one tiny one between his thumb and forefinger, touched its pointed corner to the center of Sherlock’s lower lip, which made him smile.
“I like the buttered noodles but I’m tired of
,” John said, with some measure of pride in his voice. “Can’t wait to see you Tuesday. I’m trying to get on an earlier flight.”
Sherlock, formerly sated and then quickly riled up and adrenalized with anger, was backward-crashing toward exhaustion. His reply was sincere, if bland. “Wish I was there, too. Or you here.” At least if John was the occupant of the suite’s other bedroom, Sherlock would not have had to scrub his hands raw to remove every trace molecule of anti-anxiety medication and coke dust, lest he accidentally remind his brain how lovely drugs were by absently putting a finger in his mouth. Among his many other fine qualities, John Watson was a good buffer. He’d even discarded his own pain medication rather than put Sherlock at risk of relapse.
“What do you have in mind?” Sherlock asked.
“There’s no reason on earth you couldn’t make arrangements for someone to do all these chores they save up for me. A handyman. Weren’t you shagging a migrant labourer last year?”
“I want you.”
“If it doesn’t kill me first,” Sherlock replied, a bit of a sing-song joke in it; he was trying his damnedest to ignore his doubts and focus on the work. It was just another game, just another sixty minutes doing the same job he’d been doing for years.
John chucked a small handful of upholstery nails into a tin with a satisfying rattle. “Think I can manage,” he replied, and threw Sherlock a wink.
John turned a few bottles to straighten the labels, found the zinfandel. “You?” he asked.
“Oh, come on,” John scoffed. “You have to weight it.”
He considered Sherlock’s insistence on staying when John tried to wave him off. His imperious way of walking ahead of John. The weird exchange with the teacher, making everyone squirm with hints about what he thought he
“I can’t,” John sobbed, and sucked breath, then bit out, “I have
There it was. Of course it was about Rosie. Of course it was. John couldn’t blame him; he felt the same.
“Dunno.”
Sherlock crumpled his nose and made a disgusted sound. “I assure you this is science. I can get you the journal articles.”
“I said ‘fine’. It’s fine. Fine, call him.”
“I barely lived here; all my things were in Finland. Long lost.”
“Remember the magnifying glass and the little laptop, too? Sherlock and you. You should have a stethoscope. Why is it a laptop?”
—packed her brush but kept her comb, left her toddler-era comfort-blanket folded on the foot of her bed, which she left, and then three weeks later, took. Mrs Hudson gave her a little tea party while the men with the van jogged up and down the stairs six times. Sherlock leaned against the kitchen worktop, tugging his lip. John rubbed his fingers and thumb against his headache spot.
After a silent second, Sherlock prompted, “But. . .?”
“Don’t gild the lily, John. You’ve already won me.”
Dinner was strange, and indigestion-inducing; Sherlock, at least, had eaten too fast in an effort to get it overwith. John had flashed no fewer than twenty-six of his fake half-grins, indicating he was defensive and poised to spring, though the conversation between them had been limited. Sherlock talked to Rosie. John talked to Rosie. Rosie babbled and blathered in the happy way of children on pizza night. It came clear over the course of an hour that the new hot thing with the Year Two set was something to do with inch-high plastic cats in various colour combinations, collectible and boosted up by relentless advertising and an animated web-series.
Sherlock stroked a palm absently down John’s forearm, patted his hand once. “Nevermind. We’ll spend all day Sunday in bed and by Monday all will be well.”
“Nah. My wife’s flying in; it’s our anniversary. Gonna meet her at the airport.” George wore loose cotton boxer shorts and a t-shirt boasting a huge logo of one of the league’s equipment sponsors, and he pulled the other chair far from the table before sinking into it, leaning back as if afraid Sherlock might reach between the bars to claw George’s face. Sherlock only lifted his eyebrows in reply. “Don’t worry,” George told him, “I won’t bring her back here. She got a short-stay condo. Apartment. I don’t know. Anyway, you won’t hear anything from us.”
“Remember the first time?” Sherlock rasped, sucking a breath as John pinched his right nipple hard, and rolled it between thumb and forefinger. “I think about it rather a lot.”
“Too bad,” he replied. She’d fallen behind. “Keep up, please.”
Sherlock tucked his hand behind John’s bent knee, pulled gently at his calf. He tipped his head toward the bed. “Maybe later? I’ve a better idea.”
“No rush.”
[all laugh]
“Yeah, come,” Steven muttered somewhere over his left shoulder. “I know you liked choking on my cock
He asked. He never had before; it hadn’t mattered.
“If you like,” John said. “It’s true, she’s your aunt.”
Sherlock gave him a hand, and much more.
“They’re not together,” Rosie interrupted, always comfortable inserting herself into adult conversation. “They’re divorced.”
“Sorry. Sorry,” he apologised to the office manager as he rushed past, shrugging into his coat. “I have to get to my daughter. I’ll phone later about whether I’ll be able to work tomorrow.” The office manager and receptionist gave him troubled looks but waved him on. He stuck out his arm for a taxi, then dropped into it and found two waiting texts.
In the room during the intermission, Sherlock grabbed his phone from his bag and texted John.
John caught Sherlock’s eye and found it glinting. They both smiled. Real smiles.
Long minutes later, Sherlock’s throat was raw, jaw aching, chin soaked with saliva, and his hair had been pulled, tangled up and tugged, gripped hard enough that he could hear the rip and pop as some came loose from his scalp.
were you doing under—” John began, muttering between tight teeth as they strode down the corridor past closed classroom doors. “No, forget it, I don’t care.”
No more drinking alone. No more cheap whisky. And--dear god, his back--no more sleeping on the floor.
John cleared his throat.
“You forgot to say goodbye to Sherlock!” she gasped suddenly, as they walked up the pavement toward the building.
Mike: Pretty serious then. My man asked me to sign onto his lease and I freaked and told him I can’t because my boyfriend’s taking me home to meet his family.
“I should warn you I sleep in the nude.”
There was a half-second pause before John made a show of licking his palm and thrusting it down out of sight. “Race you,” he said, and his mouth tightened into an unvoiced
“God, no! That’s why I had them here today.” He motioned with his elbow toward a pile of gift wrap on the big leather armchair. “They brought me a jumper. You can have it, if you like. In lieu of your hourly rate.”
Perhaps he was trying to solve a puzzle that couldn’t be solved. Missing pieces, pieces changing shape, an unclear picture even if he could assemble it. What did he need? Nourishment, respite, fulfillment of bodily urges? All of those. If sex with John as not merely a complicating mistake, what was it? An intimate bond. An easy understanding. A reminder of the two of them at their best. Perhaps proof not all was lost? The logical next question,
“Oh. Thank you for bringing it up. Tell me, have you any experience with plastic surgery?”
“I have some memory tools I use. Anyway, Bouchard was poking at the puck-handler—it was Gregory Lewan—but couldn’t get at it. Thurston made a move to help out, lost an edge, and ended up on his back. The shooting lane opened, Lewan made a sneaky pass back your way, and you slapped it low to my glove side. I had to slide and stack my pads, but it rang the post beside my skate blade and went in.”
“He’s a good coach; maybe he’ll have some ideas. Advice.”
John guffawed. “Not necessary, by any stretch. Though. . .now you mention it, I wonder what he makes of the Controversial Coming Out Story of Pro Athlete John Watson. He always struck me as pretty skeptical about me keeping my private life to myself.”
“Hard to go wrong,” John agreed. “Favourite Christmas food?” He proffered the question as a conversation-maker, in a tone that made it sound like a life-or-death challenge.
“My brother,” Sherlock suggested.
After what seemed like endless insults against which Sherlock was not permitted to defend himself, only nod and hum, parrot back what was said using fresh phrases, to let Coach know he was listening and understood, at last their plates were empty and Lestrade waved off the waitress’s offer of more coffee, requesting the bill.
“You’re all right? Had a flu vaccination this year?” John inquired.
Mrs Hudson, clucking concern. John held the phone away long enough to let go a quick sigh before he replied. “No, Mrs H; I’m working. At the clinic.” More because he wanted to soothe her than because he was concerned about Sherlock—certainly capable of caring for himself and not required to apprise his landlady of his whereabouts every moment of every day—John asked, “Is something wrong?”
“You didn’t call me at three in the morning to ask about my day.”
“Your dad will pick you up after school.” He touched her hair again, and she leaned away but didn’t protest. “Go on, then. Remember: only half of what they teach you is true.”
Mycroft accepted the page and scanned it, scowling. “I assure you, not a single one ever has. But I understand your meaning.”
It had been so quiet all through 221 Baker Street all morning that John assumed he must be the only one at home. He was working--still--again--on his application for placement in an NHS clinic, not particularly wanting to receive one. He had money enough to get him through to the first of the year, provided he lived in his typically frugal fashion. No one to buy gifts for, no obligatory officemate present-swaps, no real need to make a fuss. Though he was weighing up the possibility of a bottle of Macallan. He’d enjoy a bit with his Christmas lunch of (probably) a sandwich and crisps, same as every other day. New Year’s Eve. He’d wait and see what his prospects for a steady income were, mid-month.
, John texted, smiling.
“John,” he said, and rolled to his side, groping for John’s body, catching him by the hip and chin. “My very dearest John.”
Sherlock drew his head back, frowning. “No. You’re on a streak.”
Sherlock could feel John’s spine stiffen, and his hands fell away from Sherlock’s face—Sherlock imagined them hovering in the air beside his head even as he let it fall against John’s shirtfront, one button-edge digging gently into the corner of his forehead—and John exhaled his name.
He checked his wristwatch. The turn was upcoming; time to make a choice. Of course he didn’t need it exactly then, at that very minute. But he was sure it was there, and perhaps having it on hand would let him sleep.
John’s instinct was to play it off casually, pretend he agreed, but having already decided the risk was worth taking, he felt a duty to stay committed. “Why’s that?” he asked, and fixed a gaze on Sherlock, which Sherlock met only briefly before looking away toward the running, giggling children, as if Rosie needed checking at just that moment.
SH: Regardless, I didn’t mind at all. I was glad of it.
“Not until later.”
Mrs Hudson, sounding mournful: “He never answers my calls, and you always do.”
Sherlock was waiting in the lobby of the hotel when John arrived, pulling a wheeled suitcase and wearing a Thrashers t-shirt under his open jacket.
“Wish I didn’t, but I really do,” John sighed. “Talking to a bunch of university and high school athletic program directors. It was scheduled for me—the only thing this week that couldn’t be changed.”
John took the man’s coat and made sure to pass close to Sherlock on his way to hang it on a peg by the door.
LoPresti got start after start, and win after win, making huge saves, working overtime to prove himself worthy. No doubt other teams around the league were taking note, looking at their own starting goaltenders’ records and making calculations about who might be offered in trade. All well and good for him; he was a quality goalie, no doubt, with a very different style to Sherlock’s which had always made him seem like less than a threat. Now there was chatter in the sports press about LoPresti’s rise to the occasion of Holmes’s collapse, how adeptly he filled the gap, how the Brawlers’ head office had a real dilemma to face when it came to the cost/benefit analysis of sitting their ten-million-dollar starting goaltender at risk of making the golden goose unhappy.
John raised his eyebrows. “Race you.”
“I do feel awful for having kept you two apart these past weeks,” John said, plaintive and small in a way that Sherlock felt sharply, in the dead center of his chest. “Won’t happen again.”
Not only Ms Shea, but the head teacher, headmistress, and two other women filed into the room. Sherlock sat up straighter and John’s clutched knuckles went a bit white.
“Sherlock. I assume you’ve been ordered to expend a few pleasantries.”
“This is more important.”
“Right.”
A not-terribly crafty way to say his wife wouldn’t be suspicious. Sherlock wondered if he felt sorry for her, whoever she was.
“He doesn’t give me too much!
“It’s not time!”
There was a late-night coffee place just several minutes’ walk from the flat; John used the time to compose his thoughts. He ordered tea and was surprised to have to look for a seat; the place was full of students with open laptops and dark-circled eyes, couples lingering so their dates wouldn’t have to end, an older fella with too many bags on the floor beside his feet. John unbuttoned his coat but didn’t take it off, dragged out a wooden chair from beneath the edge of a metal-topped table and drew out his phone. Despite the hour, accepting that he was unlikely to get a reply, he texted his therapist.
“We’re not. . .you’re not a bad parent,” he reassured. “You never need fear it. No one’s going to take her from you.” Sherlock stepped closer, carefully, with deep longing to embrace him, a jagged need to shore him up. How had Sherlock never seen this in him before—John Watson, whose neglectful, alcoholic parents had lost their children, was afraid he would suffer the same all over again, from the other side. Trauma echoed down through years. Trauma twisted perceptions—of the world, of the self—and made even the best of men writhe with paralysing self-doubt. Made them rage when they became afraid.
By the time Mycroft had gone, Sherlock had all but forgotten his catalog of antique paper. He needed to be fed. His head ached from not enough tea. He went through to the bath and ran a shower, filled the little room with steam enough to make him sweat, which somehow felt necessary just then, and while the spray needled his knotted back, he began the mental composition of his defense. He must send a message to John—would he write a letter, in his lately terrible handwriting?—too much to put in a text, it would have to be an email. And it must be soon, because of the seriousness, but must not be immediate, because of John’s anger.
SH: Definitely not. I did not forget.
Sherlock offered a knowing smile and reached to shed his jumper; beneath it was a white t-shirt that clung, and his belly skimmed bare as the fabrics tugged against each other. As he slid a palm along his abdomen, the hem of the t-shirt riding his wrist upward, Steven stroked his beard, staring, but his tone was mildly acidic. “
“What’s that?” John motioned for Sherlock to have a seat at the table and went for the bakery box of army wives’ holiday specialties.
John smiled softly. “You have.”
John, still dressed in his pale blue dress shirt and tugged-loose Thrashers’ blue necktie, maneuvered Sherlock’s legs where he wanted them, and knelt astride Sherlock’s upper thighs. Sherlock tugged his shirttails aside to watch John stroking himself, his swollen bollocks nudging up against Sherlock’s spent and softening cock.
“Fuck, you feel good.”
There was a green paper folder containing her day’s work. Some arithmetic illustrated by sets of varying numbers of cartoon cats (she was still writing her sixes and nines backwards). A drawing of a lion and lioness and two cubs, with a three sentence story:
and muck up the whole discussion with their pseudo-semi-celebrity. After only the briefest of hesitations, John replied,
He found a rolling board with a well-worn neck cushion and lowered himself onto it, slid under the jacked-up front of a bus awaiting a fresh tyre. He used his phone’s flashlight to scan for anything obviously out of place, having the previous night committed to memory several photos and diagrams available online to students of fleet maintenance for a price, or for free to determined detectives shamming to an overnight IT specialist that being shut out of the system was certain to cause a failure on an exam and hence destroy his family, future, and fortune. There was nothing obviously extraordinary, which Sherlock found mildly galling, as the bus bore registration information he was sure indicated it was one of those meant to be weaponised.
“Is that Sherlock?” he called, and ducked his head out. “Making tea. If you’d like.” He was feeling generous of spirit.
our games, Mother,” Sherlock grumbled. John cut him off, making peace.
“Whatever we want,” John told him, and the tone of his voice communicated his delight at the fact of no demands on them, in a hotel bed in paradise. He bent and stretched and came up with his t-shirt, courteously swiped it over the surface of Sherlock’s abdomen. “We could get some food?”
Kim pressed the back of her hand against her mouth, nodding, then threw him a smiling kiss.
Sherlock shook his head against the pillows, began to burrow. “Sleep,” he countered, for at that moment—with the sound of the waves gently tumbling against the not-at-all-distant shore, and the warm breeze, and his perfect man beside him—Sherlock thought he actually might.
The judge frowned as if searching her memory. “Can’t say I’ve met anyone by that name. Is that your dad?”
“You’ve been playing a long time, pro a long time; just ease up on yourself—you know—mentally—and concentrate on the physical stuff. Just reminding your body what it needs to do is often all it takes to shake it off and get back to work.”
“You’re a Vezina winner,” John smirkily reminded him.
“I’m already here.”
“That’s a puzzler,” John agreed. “Wish you were here to deal with this hard-on.”
“Can I get a phone, though, Dadda?” she asked again. “I think Sherlock misses me.”
“I know those expressions,” Mrs Hudson piped up. John stood purposelessly near the landing, having said he was leaving but not yet having left. “Have a heart,” Mrs Hudson begged, “It’s Christmas.” She directed her imploration mostly toward Mycroft, even as Sherlock crossed to the landing and swirled his coat around his shoulders.
JW: Other than that, I had nothing to regret. It’s never going to feel natural to me to have my personal life in the public eye, except as it relates to hockey. So after we’re through talking here, I have no future intention to talk publicly about anything personal, at all.
Sherlock looked pleased. “It was that package of mine you got. Fragile, from Scotland.”
Sherlock roughed up his crease, moved quickly east to west, setting himself as if to stop or catch pucks every few inches until he’d made six imaginary saves: wrist shot, backhand, slap shot; wrist shot, backhand, slap shot.
“Just hang the Do Not Disturb sign,” Sherlock insisted, lifting his ankle in front of his opposite knee and stooping to peel off his sock. His shirt was on the floor. His nipples were hard.
Awake. Gasping. The whistle of incoming artillery still ringing in his head.  Heart pounding, throbbing, racing fast enough to shake his chest open and spill out all his guts. Breathe. Breathe. Jeezus. Breathe.
“Well
Rosie slithered and rolled from the chair in the bendy manner of soft-boned children and dashed to her rucksack. “First I want to show you.”
“Honeymoon period,” Sherlock intoned. The bell went and the children queued up and marched inside.
John finished massaging his feet, moved on to more-than-softly sliding the knuckles of one fist up and down Sherlock’s calf muscles. He’d toed off his loafers and set his sock feet on the coffee table, slumped deeper into the sofa. They stayed there sharing the comedown from their days until the buzzer went, and John brought in bags of dinner delivered from the second-nearest Japanese restaurant, all of John’s usual favourites, but only raw fish and miso broth for Sherlock. Nothing fried; no rice. He’d only just missed his upper-limit weigh-in, with less two pounds to spare. He knew he had much work to do before the pre-season started and his stats were published on the players’ roster.
“Have you got anything?” John asked, and lifted an eyebrow as he gestured near his jaw. “Whisky?”
“Well, we should.”
Sherlock nodded, and waited for John to break their gaze, wouldn’t let him off easy. For the first time in their acquaintance, John Watson backed down from the challenge. He shook his head and blew out a frustrated breath, rose from the chair and went upstairs.
Sherlock turned forty-three in a bus garage in Hounslow, dressed in high-vis coveralls, wearing ten days’ growth of beard and using a northern accent only when it became strictly unavoidable that he speak at all. His brother’s deadly dull embezzling/trafficking case had been put to the side in favour of the much more compelling bus-bombing conspiracy. Time being of the essence, a deep dive in an easy disguise was the best use of his time and skill, and within an hour of his arrival he had followed threads of stilted, overheard conversation; furtive body language; and oddly-timed tea breaks to three likely infantrymen in whatever guerrilla army it was that planned to explode half a dozen city buses across London over the course of three-quarters of an hour. With one eye on his wristwatch and the other on the parts-department’s main entrance, he circled a bus with an eye to anything minute, stuck-on, wireless, as he surmised an un-jammable communication system wherein each bomb and its detonator were planted on separate rigs, lest a single failure subvert the entire mission.
He smiled. “Quite all right.”
Kocur and one of the Demons’ forwards were struggling in the corner, and once Kocur got a stick on it, he mercifully fired the puck around the boards and away, icing it. The whistle blew and New Jersey’s team doctor came jogging out, holding the elbow of one of their wingers. Players gathered around, reassuring Ryan he was all right, though it was obvious he was not. Sherlock skated closer.
“Alex George.”
John released the rail to squeeze Sherlock’s hand, with affection, and they began to walk, Sherlock in the lead and John close behind with both hands on the railings.
John looked stunned, but without a single trace of his lately usual annoyance that Sherlock was talking past him. The benefit of a sneak attack.
John leaned out of the bathroom, smiling. “Not what I meant. It’s the peer group thing, you know. You and Kim get along so well—too well, I sometimes think—and it would be nice if it were the same with me and Mycroft.”
“Hush; we live in a six-million-dollar tree house now.”
It was all Sherlock could think to say, from his position way out at sea. It seemed plain there was no defense he could put forward that John would accept, but the least he owed himself and Rosie was not to let John lie.
“True.” John tried to smile at the joke; it was a valiant effort. “Finally the mum says the boy’s complaining about his bottom hurting and she thinks maybe he’s having diarrhea. Soon as she catches him on the fly-by and starts to undress him I can see he’s just
Sherlock shook his head, turned Colin’s body so his back was pressed to Sherlock’s chest, moved against him to make known his intentions. Colin’s wordless agreement was to reach back with one hand on Sherlock’s hip, urging him closer, harder against his backside. Sherlock ran one hand up the front of Colin’s torso, every muscle defined and flexing, over his pectoral, catching his nipple in a quick pinch. When he closed his eyes, Sherlock still saw the blue and red flashes of disco lighting from every direction, blaring bright throbs behind his lids. He fished in Colin’s pocket, moved against his back in time to the music, drew out another tablet. Sherlock—smiling and closed-eyed, elated and aroused, pressed the bitter little round onto his tongue, gathered saliva, and swallowed.
Sherlock froze.
“Off-brand soda. There’s one in the fridge called Professor Peepers. What do you suppose that even means?”
“I wouldn’t insult—” he squinted at the clerk’s name tag, “Bailey by suggesting I pay for the things she’s generously offered as gifts in honour of your accomplishment.”
Sherlock had eventually—somewhat reluctantly—agreed it was likely better for John to make an active go at staying alive, at least until Rosie was self-sufficient enough to fix her own breakfasts and tie her own shoes, and so allowed John to pick and choose. Texts and video chats kept him involved, at a safe distance. When Rosie started school, he began to fill his days, and his bank account, with per diem work at various clinics. He still wrote up the cases, though not all of them, and readers of his blog commented on the change in tone over time, less exuberant, more formulaic. Distant from the subject; more
“But I love kissing you.”
could work out, he would have stayed loyal and worked hard. John Watson, though, had left. Not lightly. And in that case, could a hope remain that
Sherlock didn’t feel out of sorts. He didn’t even feel normal. If asked, he’d have said he felt nothing. He as an unthinking machine, doing just what it was programmed to do. It was almost as if he was watching himself, which was a strange sensation, detached from the game in a way he had not experienced before. But he was watching himself getting big as a house, diving, throwing up the catching glove, making save after save. There would be plenty of time later to analyse what his brain was up to; in the moment, he decided to let his body do its work.
“ ‘night.…you miracle.”
The comment elicited matching, short bursts of laughter from both men.
“If you need any feedback, you know where to find me,” John grinned at him. Curse his glossy hair that John wanted to shove his fingertips through. His shiny shoes on the long, pretty feet he was always baring. Curse his wrists, too.
Mrs Holmes, never one to miss a chance to be both passive and aggressive simultaneously, patted Sherlock’s shoulder and clicked her tongue. “I barely recognise you with that beard. Isn’t it time to shave, now you boys have won all your games?”
Sherlock ignored him. “I read the recipe just seven weeks ago. There’s no way I misremembered. There must be something wrong with the equipment.”
“Sir Paul, my assistant John Watson. He’ll be making a temporary record of our discussion which I shall guard with my life.” He gestured toward John, who automatically stuck out his hand.
John settled into the red armchair with fidgety relief, stroking the threadbare spot on the right arm, though his instinct was to pick at it. He let go a sigh, willing his shoulders down, but they began creeping upward again almost immediately. “Woman comes in with three kids—one about Rosie’s age, maybe a bit younger, a boy; little girl, about two; and an infant-in-arms—and she’s already making the hair stand up on the back of my neck, you know?, before I’m halfway in the door. Her affect’s all wrong, slurring, losing her train of thought—at one point I was afraid she might drop the baby off her lap. So I step out and ask for the social worker to come.”
John did, but he thought it a bit arrogant of Sherlock to have assumed so.
Sherlock stood upright and crossed one arm over his chest, tugged at his lip with the other hand, looking thoughtful. After a moment he crossed to his sofa, and reached under a lampshade, presumably twisting loose the bulb. “Damn! Hot!” He licked his fingertips--John noticed--and then turned the lamp off. “You can have that one when it cools off enough to handle.”
They let themselves into the suite and Sherlock went straight for the kitchenette’s worktop, where the two bottles he’d consumed had been replaced with new ones. His packet of cigarettes was still wrapped and hadn’t been touched. He tapped his fingertips restlessly against it, contemplated picking it up. In the end, he took a bottle and the corkscrew and started for his bedroom, still in his coat.
“Oh?” John was being polite.
John hummed. “Wise words. Easier said than done.”
John smirked. “They grow up so fast.”
John touched her shoulder. “Up you get; put on some clothes. I used to do all the cases—what do you mean?”
“I miss you.”
He scrolled through a list of rooms for rent. The embarrassment of having been turned down when he’d crept up on the topic of taking Sherlock out some time had faded in the last few days, though, and the need to flee seemed less urgent. That must be something like personal growth; he’d have to mention it to his therapist.
“Oh. Watson,” he whispered through a dry mouth, tongue fat and sticky with the previous night’s liquour-leavings and that morning’s rushing bile. What was left of the bottle of Scotch whisky he had pressed into the hand of one of the younger footmen with an order to pour it out on the ground behind the stables and never let it return to his sight. Doubtless the boy had smuggled it back to his own bedroom, to share later with other young men during late-night cards games, but the importance of never smelling or seeing it again outweighed Sherlock’s insistence on obedience from the staff.
(See the end of the chapter for
John tried to control the motion of his eyebrows, coughed into his hand. “Well, yes. Bad timing, that. But here we are now. At last.”
, John texted, feeling embarrassed by what he was about to confess—not because of any shame, but only because it seemed such a stereotypical thing to have happened—and for a moment he considered swerving to avoid it. But in truth he wanted to discuss it, pick it apart so he could sort his emotions. Maybe get a bit of advice about where to go next. He pressed on.
He dressed and even led the team out to the ice—team-wide superstition preventing them from implementing too many changes to the usual routines—then took his seat on the stool at the end of the bench, wearing a ball cap instead of his mask, his sticks lined up in the rack behind the equipment manager. He cheered his teammates, chirped at his opponents when he could, kept on being his brothers’ brother. LoPresti started on a win streak. Sherlock worked on explosive movement and twitch muscle response with Whitehouse every morning; added a fifteen-minute seated meditation to his game day routine; took shots from teammates and hangers-about during extra, off-hours practice sessions. He slept five or six non-consecutive hours each night, let John massage his feet while they watched television, smoked cigarettes out the window while John was out at foundation meetings and giving talks. Drank wine with lunch.
“Oh, bloody hell. What’s wrong?”
“Yes, please. Christ, why are you so far away? I could use a good seeing-to.”
“I shouldn’t have kept Rosie away from you so long. It wasn’t fair of me.”
,” John grunted. “Fuck, you’re gorgeous.” Sherlock kissed blindly, John’s jaw and the pulse in his throat, until John threw himself upward and back, just enough, just right, shoving in quick and smooth again and again. Sherlock allowed every high-pitched, pleasure-drunk noise he felt moved to make, reveling in the privileges of a truly intimate partner, with whom it was impossible for Sherlock to be too loud, too earnest, overbearing or awkward. John urged him on, matching Sherlock’s cries with his own low groaning grunts and a reeled-out string of
“This requires discretion,” Sherlock reminded.
“An Elvis song.” John shook his head, grinning. “Maybe you could invent the cocktail, though. Here, I’ve added two versions of the song, one early in the evening and one later.”
“I know. I’m certain of it.” He cleared his throat. “That’s a non-issue.”
“Yeah?” John licked his lips, carved the shape of Sherlock’s torso with descending palms, reached around to fondle his arse, gripping and urging him a half-step closer. Sherlock steadied himself with a half-embrace, his right hand reaching into the open front of John’s trousers to sweep tickling fingers beneath his bollocks, hanging heavy in this palm as he squeezed and rolled.
Sherlock rolled onto his side and curled himself around a couple of pillows, the dampness smeared across his low belly growing uncomfortably cool by the time John offered him a damp towel from the bath, leaning heavily on Sherlock’s hip as he bent to kiss his temple, then moved away once more, to finish undressing. Sherlock scrubbed himself and John got rid of the towel, then lowered himself onto the bed and reached for Sherlock’s shirt buttons, gently coaxing them through their slots, one by one, wordlessly. Sherlock let himself be undressed, closing his eyes and drifting in the post-orgasmic haze that wanted him to sleep, cooperating by moving his arms and lifting his chest when needed. Eventually John must have finished, because he kissed the crown of Sherlock’s head, and rested a hand on the back of Sherlock’s shoulder. What shape they made, Sherlock could barely begin to guess, but the breeze was perfectly cool, and the bedclothes and John’s body were deliciously warm, and Sherlock felt used up and contented as he drifted into sweet, dark, nothing.
“And?” John prompted, with some amusement. He stood, too, to admire himself in the oval glass above the wash stand. Sherlock’s buttonhole was as good as any he’d ever made--moreso because he’d made it a Christmas gift to John.
just fine,” Sherlock said firmly.
John crossed his arms over his chest. “And how’s that going?”
“Not officially,” Sherlock admitted, and it struck him that he had been so distracted by rough sex and illicit contraband that he hadn’t worried about whether he would start the game for nearly six consecutive hours. “But that’s what we talked about; it’s what I was promised and what I’ve planned for.”
John let go a harsh, self-satisfied grunt, and raised himself up again, one hand still pinning Sherlock by the wrists—now harder, and Sherlock momentarily flexed his fingers, which were tingling, near-numb—and the other in a fist beside his shoulder. His selfish thrusting and the animalistic sounds he made brought Sherlock right along with him, his breaths noisy and too shallow as John’s rocking body weighed him down, stealing the wind from his lungs.
Sherlock, still waiting for his own drink in a proper cup, on a saucer, on a tray, to have at a table, only smiled a bit, and rocked from heels to toes with his hands buried in his coat pockets.
. But most important was that Rosie wouldn’t have a dad who ran straight into the heart of other people’s trouble, sometimes emerging out the other side with a black eye or having had a pistol too-recently aimed at his racing heart. John was right; Sherlock’s marriage to his work had no room in it for children. The price he’d paid for the legwork that went with his brainwork was to suppress whatever longing he had to make Rosie his own—the frequent, nagging irritation in his chest that something wasn’t quite right in his world. Most of the time it felt like a suitable trade.
. All true, and Sherlock made a calculated shift of his hips so that John’s cock thrust over the right spot, driving himself helpless with pleasure, a distinct whine rising in his voice.
“So.”
“Hands under your shirt like this,” Sherlock prompted, digging in his fingers. “Pulling you down on top of me.”
Sherlock kissed a triplet-trail along John’s bicep, then moved to leave the bed. “I’m ordering breakfast, cleaning my teeth, then we’ll see if we can get off in time not to greet the room service waiter naked.”
“I know he was on a case to do with city buses—grew a scraggly beard, I don’t know why—and I’ve just heard on the radio there were explosions at some bus depots.”
“For you, it certainly seems to be,” John replied, trying to hide his amusement behind his sympathy for Sherlock’s sorry state.
“She was fine, though, for nearly six months.”
They added soft words and expulsions of held breath to the mild ambient noise, and after awhile, growls and moans. Despite Sherlock’s overpreparedness—a sex-shop display of scented and flavoured lubricants, insertable and vibrating toys, straps and ribbons and a silk-satin eye mask—in the end they needed only themselves, hands and tongues and a steady undulation of their bodies, as close as they could get. Wordless. Winded. Together to the finish, mouths open to catch each other’s breath.
“No, I’ll come. Someone’ll have some skates I can borrow.”
, in it that Sherlock thought should have faded by now, given he’d laid bare everything he was from the first day they’d met. Funny that John could still be astonished.
“I like the bed part.”
“Everything helps,” Sherlock said, but the smile that accompanied the words was a smirky half-one John recognised from the repertoire. To John’s surprise, Sherlock, too, put on his coat. “I’ll walk you down,” he said, and withdrew a packet of cigarettes he shook at John, looking completely unashamed.
“Right,” John said, but kindly reserved further comment. “Looking forward to the game tonight. I love seeing you play.”
“Yes,” John laughed. They made their way out of the car, thanked the driver and shook his hand.
“Some families are more like spider webs than trees,” Sherlock mused. “Perhaps you could make a web on your poster.”
“No, I know. I know.”
. No reason given, no
Sherlock shrugged a surrender. “Probably right,” he admitted. “I don’t know how to reassure you further than to say that I would never endanger Watson—I never have—and though I know it’s apparently impossible for you to believe, I never intend to endanger myself. It just sometimes ends up that way.” He smiled a bit to acknowledge such a statement by anyone outside his line of work would be ludicrous; possibly it was ludicrous even for him.
John returned the nod, and said, “Best of luck, then.”
in a city bus depot?”
Sherlock started to shake his head. John stepped toward him, letter crushed in his hand, finger pointing accusation at Sherlock’s chest.
“But maybe Lulu is there. She doesn’t come to our park.” Lulu had been Rosie’s nearest-in-age friend back in Baker Street, a fixture at their playground for the past three years. “Can you call her mum and ask if she can come play here?”
Sherlock’s expression was heartbreakingly soft, and John’s eyes prickled.
“Step-cousin-in-law,” John said, and shrugged again. “Which is really nothing, but if you like, you can think of him as a cousin.”
“Can you wait until we’re home, or will you expire imminently?” Sherlock asked, unzipping her bag and perusing its contents. “Have you got anything edible in here?”
--and John held him hard and kissed him hard, again and again, silly smacking kisses on his forehead and cheeks and at last on his beautiful lips.
John wondered if Sherlock might be a paranoid schizophrenic, or in a manic period--it could explain the one-day orgy of holiday decorating John had witnessed. Asserting that his flat might be bugged was a bit. . .out there.
and early 20
“I’ll come,” he warned, trying to slow the pace of Steven’s jerking, afraid of spending his cum all over the leatherbound books and polished wood shelves.
“They can, of course.”
Sherlock smiled, but sighed, and replied as quick as he could, in order not to leave John any room to change to his mind.
“Yes, and thank heavens for that,” Sherlock agreed. In fact, he was rather dreading his first road trip without John, his first with a new suite-mate, an unknown quantity. At least if they’d given him Mellon, he’d know what to expect. Endlessly being shown photos of near-naked puckbunnies on Mellon’s phone, endlessly being reminded of Mellon’s sexual fetish for intercourse with women’s cleavage, endlessly being invited to get thrown out of hotel bars with his teammates. Who knew what Alex George had in store for him?
“Don’t know what you’re doing outside of here,” Coach Lestrade grinned at him, motioning vaguely around at the walls of the Garden. “But whatever it is, it’s fucking working so don’t change a thing. Don’t change your pads, don’t even change your underwear.”
Sherlock turned his head, not too quickly, and saw their swarthy young hotel host maneuvering behind the back of a woman gesturing wildly with a drink in one hand. He tapped John’s thigh with the back of his knuckles and John angled his gaze. He might have hummed, but Sherlock wasn’t sure. Jordan was dressed in casual but smart clothes—pale, lightweight trousers; narrow-striped button-up shirt with the sleeve cuffs turned back; narrow gold chain just visible inside hisopen collar. His longish hair was fuller and looser, cascading down to brush one cheekbone..
John had long dreamed of a place to call his own, no one to answer to--not much, but enough--and had been satisfied. How much better it was, though, to be making a home for his love, his own Sherlock Holmes, in a house that John built.
Sherlock wanted to snort. He carried on nodding.
“And Mycroft is Sherlock’s brother so he’s my uncle.”
John released his wrists and Sherlock immediately reached arms around his back, embraced him, licked his lips to receive John’s deep kisses. They hummed into each other’s mouths, held tight to each other, hips still rolling until eventually they calmed and John moved up and away, smirking at the state of them, half-dressed and messy with cum.
“Just because you’re fucking slow don’t cry about interference,” Hollis ranted. “Good goal and you know it.”
But he didn’t say
“Precisely.”
Almost immediately, a response.
Sherlock didn’t wait for a reply, or perhaps was letting John off the hook by not pressing the issue. He turned to the counter girl and requested two more cappuccinos, to stay.
“Fuck your brother,” John spat. “This is
, fuck yes,” and he picked up his pace, urgent shoving, relentless. “You feel so good. I love fucking you.”
,” was Sherlock’s grim non-reply.
Mercifully, there came a knock, and John opened the door before it had finished sounding. He let the uniformed man wheel in a cart laden with food—including a basket of baked goods enough to feed eight people or two hockey players, and a bucket of ice embracing a bottle of champagne. The bellman offered to open the bottle but John declined, shoved a folded bill at him, and practically chased him out the door.
Steven motioned with his head toward the bedroom and let Sherlock lead the way, though it did not feel like leading so much as like being followed. “Get undressed,” Steven said, making his way to the far side of the room and unbuckling his wristwatch. “I want to watch you do it.”
Everything between them having stayed easy and pleasant for nearly twenty minutes, John knew he should get out on a high note; they could never dance very long before the tone of the music would inevitably turn sour.
Rosie did eventually need the restroom, and Sherlock stood waiting for her outside the ladies’, tugging his bottom lip with fingertips and thumb. He was reminded of the way in which he had trained himself to assess her needs, long before she was able to reliably express them with any level of nuance (in her earliest days she had three settings: asleep, eating, and shrieking, which indicated a pressing need Sherlock then had to tick through his list to deduce). He had subdivided the complex question,
He wheeled and stomped out. The giveaway stair groaned a hearty protest, and his footfalls pounded all the way to the front door. Sherlock, deflated, took the letter to the bedroom and lay on his back as if sick. He texted Mycroft.
He'd never grown tired of John’s kisses, never refused them even when he was furious. Indeed, kisses given in a fury—or afterward, as an apology—were just as deliciously teasing, worshipful, as any John ever bestowed. Fighting with himself, still, even after his decision to surrender to the comfortable heat they so easily generated, John fell away humming and licking his lips dry. In a breath’s time he was back, though, tongue-tip curling up to stroke Sherlock’s lip, pressing forward, tugging back with the edges of his teeth. Sherlock held tighter to his hand, and pulled,
“Got an experiment in your eye?” John asked, the half-joke soothing him.
She giggled and ran to meet a friend, and Sherlock could see her leaving his world, stepping self-assuredly into her own, and reassured himself the stinging he felt was probably pride.
“Four, now. They added a thing in Sacramento.”
“I’m someone’s dad. I’d be a fool and an arsehole to carry on chasing drugs-dealers through the streets at midnight.”
, Dadda!”
“I’ll accept with pleasure, in that case,” Sherlock acquiesced. Parties—other than those thrown weekly inside repurposed warehouses, with cover charges and rotating themes, decorated with go-go boys and lit by neon—were not exactly his area, but if attending a family fete would please John Watson, Sherlock did not need to be asked twice.
“Of course,” Sherlock replied, looking pleased. His face immediately collapsed into vexation. “I’ve been up all night writing them,” he confessed. “A hundred and twelve to clients, seventeen to family, three to friends.”
Sherlock shook his head, dismissing it, but respectfully. “No, just a junkie.”
“Because I know who Paul McCartney is? That’s not really specialised knowledge.”
He shed his mask for the anthem, took the long way around back to his goal and reset himself, working his skate blades into the ice of the goal crease to rough it up the way he liked before he repeated his ritual. Stick hit the posts, head got a shake, crouch, a glide forward, then a glide back and in, and he was right where he belonged. The bear in the mouth of its cave. The man in front of the house he would fight to defend.
“You needn’t keep it just to be polite,” Sherlock said. “You’ll never see that judge again, especially after I tell your uncle to have her promoted to a circuit court.”
John nodded and they fell silent. Sherlock kept an eye on him, though John’s gaze shifted about the place as if it was unfamiliar: the cold ashes in the fire, the recently-dusted bookshelf, the threadbare place on the rug. He looked at his watch.
“It’s a horrible cliché. I’d like to think we’re above it.”
“That’s the spirit. Let me know if you need a taste-tester. Ah, there we are.” John named the list and saved it for easy access. “Two and a half hours of retro-sounding, festive, not raucous, not maudlin Christmas music.”
They found a rhythm that pleased them both, punishing, hard and slightly awkward, uncomfortable and thrilling, and Sherlock felt the pressure building.
“Sherlock’s only joking,” John clarified, though he gave Sherlock a look indicating he could not believe what a prick Sherlock was being and could he please calm his tits.
“If you speak another word about my parents from this moment forward I swear I’ll jump out of this car.”
John silenced him with another kiss, fiercer, hiding his amusement at being teased—not very well—in a show of his ongoing virility. Sherlock was more than willing to go along.
“Hey, thanks for a great time.”
“Have you got any Hob Nobs?” Sherlock inquired.
“Oh, was it?”
“She went to bed all right?”
Sherlock, still disconcerted not to have been told earlier he was starting, somehow remembered he should congratulate the new father, and did so, with a handshake and what he thought must be the appropriate questions about gender and a name (a girl, Sophia, mother and baby both doing well). As the rest of the team swarmed to offer congratulations, Sherlock, in hockey pants and compression t-shirt, went looking for independent verification he was back in good graces thanks to the arrival of a person whose age was still measured only in hours.
“She’s the best,” John said. “I’m sure when the Brawlers retire twenty-two, your brother will be there, wiping his eyes with his monogrammed hanky.”
“Dying to see you tomorrow,” John confessed, and Sherlock watched as he settled himself onto a strange bed, though strange beds were at least as familiar to both of them as their own bed. John was one night ahead of Sherlock in the flat he’d rented in Hamilton for the two nights surrounding John’s number-retirement ceremony, while Sherlock was in a hotel suite in St Paul, having pocketed a win the previous night, 3 – 2 over the Green Bay Timberwolves, and waiting to play the St Paul Grizzlies the following night. John added, “I’ll meet you at the airport.”
John was not sure of the implication. He silently berated himself for sinking into a rose-coloured memory of the three of them together at home—no, at Sherlock’s flat;
“You do remember, darling, surely.”
He gulped. Sherlock was studying him.
“Your sensibilities are rubbing off on me,” Sherlock told him with a shrug.
“You don’t have to—”
Lamm skated a wide half-circle around the back of the goal chanting, “Yip. Yip. Yip. Yip.”
John asked, “What will you wish for?” and Sherlock let go a small huff of laughter. He had long since put away childish notions of magic or miracles, knew better than to long for anything beyond the four walls of Stonefield Hall, where he was bound to live and work and eventually die--likely to be buried just there, between the blackberry hedge and his mother’s grave--with nothing more or less to dream of, or expect. Wishes were not something with which he had any contemporary acquaintance, and found he could not even call up a memory of any he’d had in the past. It seemed to him that to open oneself the that sort of frivolous hope was to invite in heartache and dissatisfaction. When life was a set course of predictable routine from morning until forever, why torment oneself with a wish for more, or different?
SH: Thank you for saying so.
“Of course. I’ll make a few calls on your behalf, but after that I shall vanish from the situation unless and until further assistance is required.”
“Kept us together too long,” John said, with a tilt of his chin toward Sherlock’s hands working at the buckle of his belt. “This.”
“I’m sure he doesn’t want to go looking for Lulu right now, darling.”
Best,
“I do look good,” Sherlock smirked.
“I like it, it’s nice,” Rosie defended.
They carried on talking about nothing much, sipping their wine, eating a little, as the sun descended in slow motion over the roll of mountaintops visible in the distance. Sherlock smacked at his calf—a mosquito, unsuccessful at its aim—and John moved to stir the fire while Sherlock untied the ribbons holding up the bug net. They laughed self-consciously at the glamour of a luxury vacation house and all its fripperies, but once beneath the canopy, with the sky turning violet and their bare feet cool enough to want the blankets, it did begin to feel like a place they belonged.
“Then I’ll let you go.”
John tried to think of a way to reply concisely. After a moment he typed,
“What a miracle it is,” John whispered, then added, as if correcting himself, “You are.”
Finally the ref skated out with news from Toronto.
“True enough; You were fifty-two, thirty, and three; we finished the regular season forty-six, twenty-nine, and ten.”
Sherlock wanted to spit sharp-edged words but only hummed, something like sarcastic agreement.
Indulging a lingering regret about his and Sherlock’s now final and official Last Time Together, John let himself ponder the wet way they’d kissed; the texture of Sherlock’s nipple in his mouth; the vague satisfaction John had felt when he realised there were still no condoms in the drawer, no freshly-bought packets of someone else’s preferred brand of lubricant. Not that it was his business whether Sherlock had begun dating, of course, but John had always been territorial, he couldn’t help himself.
In the end, LoPresti couldn’t rescue them from trailing, and the Brawlers posted a humiliating 8 – 3 loss.
“Hey, Holmesy, you alive in there? I want to introduce you to my missus.”
“May I?” Sherlock asked perfunctorily, already sweeping his way inside the flat. He took the other chair at the table, turned it, and sat backwards on it, knees splayed. “I need to make a playlist for my Christmas party. You seem to know about popular music--”
“Makes sense. But with your one-and-done rule, and me having to keep working with him,” John smirked, “A threesome seems like it could be more complicating than we’d like.” He drew his pants up to his waist and snapped the waistband into place atop his hipbones. With a shrug he added, “But I’ll ask him. See what he says.”
They each took one--small, with cracked white icing defining face, collar and cuffs, but they smelled nice--and made short work of them.
“I can have breakfast with your sister’s boyfriend. I can’t have breakfast with my teammates.”
Sherlock let him hover there a half-instant, then tilted to meet him. Not merely offering an upturned palm, though, he made a delicate fumble of the transaction, and let the tip of his index finger trace a suggestive slide down the inside of John’s thumb. John’s eyebrows rose and he gave another version of his skeptical quarter-laugh.
“Well, we couldn’t leave you alone. A lot of that time you and I were together, I was on the phone with him, texting about the cases.”
“Better?”
“Now there’s an idea.” John shot him a wink, stood and soundly patted Sherlock’s thigh to get him moving. “Come on, then, shower’s waiting. I’ll let you wash my bollocks.”
“If you’re dressed for bed by a count of ten.”
“You’re all right?” John, with his eyebrows pinched.
-END-
John went into the bath and Sherlock flicked his eyes open just to look at the same old pictures on the wall opposite the foot of the bed, soft-lit through the frosted glass of the bathroom door. He sniffed and rustled his hair against the pillow, to not hear, to not think of John with his trousers open, just the other side of the door. He recalled silent, glaring mornings spent trying to stay out of each other’s way, taking it in turns, no shared mirror while they both shaved, no one at the sink while the other showered. Closed doors that would have once been left open, symbolic of their breakdown.
“Some people would say three,” John told him, and traced the perimeter of his face from brow to cheek to chin, then up around the other side. “I’d say seven.”
Wednesday night, with the Demons/Gold Rush “game of the week” on the telly, and Sherlock and John ate their supper on the sofa, Sherlock leaning back with his bare feet on the coffee table probably too close to John’s plate. He’d cooked lemon-and-cream spaghetti while John arranged them salad from a plastic bag, and half a store-bought flourless chocolate cake was coming back to room temperature on the kitchen worktop. In the time it took him to boil the pasta, Sherlock had downed more than half the bottle of chardonnay he’d opened for the sauce, and they shared what was left with their meal. Sherlock had his eye on a pinotage he’d been saving for no reason, to accompany dessert.
“Love fucking you,” Sherlock barely gasped out, and then he was coming in harsh waves that made him shudder, his phone abandoned on the bed beside his shoulder, and he moaned, lost in the dream of driving himself between John’s upright thighs. The sounds John made during his own orgasm inspired a final quivering shudder through Sherlock’s body, and at last he fell limp against the mattress.
“But?” John crossed his arms over his chest, reached to pluck the letter from his hand, held it up as if reading an announcement. “
“No doubt he’s done twice what I could have, in half the time,” Sherlock volunteered. John had that mechanism which allowed him to pass wasted time at unpleasant tasks for no reason, neither complaining nor feeling put upon, a quality Sherlock lacked and could not say he felt deprived of.
Sherlock slipped his feet from his loafers, set one ankle on the opposite knee and wriggled his toes. His socks were silk blend, nearly sheer, with reinforced toes and a few thick seams reminiscent of ladies’ stockings. John’s exhalation was audible, and his hand landed possessively on Sherlock’s ankle.
“Nope. You’ll make us late for your parents.”
The space was dank and the neighbourhood had attained its peak of hipster chic at least eighteen months prior and quickly slid into decline. Sherlock excused them and the estate agent withdrew far across the room to make a phone call while John and Sherlock huddled.
Mike: Not really.
“Feel free to message me, anytime,” Steven told him, with a sly smile, and in acknowledgement of knowing exactly who Sherlock was and what he did, casually added, “Next time you’re in town.” He had buttoned his shirt collar and tightened the knot on his necktie, wiped the sweat from his brow with a handkerchief he was just then folding and returning to the hip pocket of his trousers. He was handsome, late forties, and now that Sherlock got a good look at him without the fog of lust clouding his vision, he noticed a pale, sunken impression on his left ring finger. Photos of the wife and kiddies in small frames on his desk.
“Surely you. . .nevermind.”
Sherlock had only forty minutes before the bus to the arena, and so decided to jump ahead to the good parts.
Despite the fact Rosie had always been quite loud about having two parents, and would tell anyone who listened, “Just like you’ve got a mum and a dad, I’ve got a dad and a
her dad.” John’s eyes reddened, and he turned his pointing finger toward himself, lest Sherlock make any mistake.
“We’ll have to have a look sometime,” John said dully, placating and heroically struggling not to hint at being either bored or puzzled.
“Meeting Iain for a working coffee before I go to the office. Caravan to Providence for a lunch thing.” Half of the information was called back to Sherlock over John’s shoulder as he crossed into the sitting room. “These are the ones,” he confirmed, and after a moment appeared in the bedroom doorway once more, paperwork in hand. All the irritation gone from his voice now that he’d got what he needed, he sat on the edge of the bed to tie his shoes and reported, “We’re giving three hundred helmets to the city youth leagues.”
John retreated once more. “All right. All right. Anyway, you know I’ve got your back.”
“John, before you say anything--”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “George’s presence in the hotel suites barely registers. When he is not out drinking, he is asleep. I’ve never known a fully grown adult who could sleep so long or so soundly. Anyway, of course I’d always rather be with you. What hotel?”
“No,” Sherlock murmured, and John went back to caressing and arranging the waves of hair no doubt running wild across his forehead.
“Did your brothers go with you and your mum to Finland?” John turned pages and soon enough there appeared photos taken to illustrate significant snowfall: covered cars, half-buried front doors.
JW: Nope!
. John had cancelled his previous three scheduled weekly chats
Sherlock returned leading a shorter, older man wearing a long camel-coloured cashmere coat and dark red muffler. The composer.
“Surely she’s too young to already be thinking we’re less than amazing?”
John told the boys stories from the war, which thrilled and terrified them, each asserting his fearlessness while pointing out the cowardice of his peers, easy for them all as--God willing--they’d never have to spend a single minute of an hour, let alone a string of frozen nights, shivering in a ditch. John left out some things, lightly embellished others, told tales of his fellows as if they were his own. Even showed a card trick he’d learned in a cafe during a leave, from a French beggar no older than the hall boy.
They both smiled, shuffling. “All right, then,” John said briskly.
“Surely you know
“This came for you,” John said. “The guy thought you heard him calling you as you came in but I guess somehow you missed it.” He held the box out in front of him, and when Sherlock–standing by his kitchen worktop turning over papers in a file folder–did not move to accept it, thumped it down rather soundly on the kitchen table.
“No,” Sherlock said again. “You must trust me. If you ever have—I know it may be hard for you to believe—but please, John, you must trust me when I say you are doing just fine, and no one is going to take that girl.”
Sherlock felt a different sort of shiver, then. He turned toward John, fixed a gaze on his bright, kind eyes.
“We’ll see how it goes.”
“Whoo!” she exclaimed. “I’m glowing!”
“You really
“But—the garden shed, your mum said?”
“Stop saying it like that! Use a nicer tone,” she demanded.
“Fine, then,” John replied, his own tone purposely neutral.
“God, I’m so sorry,” John said automatically, reaching for a metal dispenser and pulling out squares of inadequate-ply paper to mop them with.
“Where do you want me?” Sherlock asked, and the groaning gasp it elicited in reply was well worth stifling some of his instincts.
John typed, and bit his lips. He was so tired it felt like drunkenness. He should not be texting his ex about Christmas. What a cliché he was already becoming.
“Right.”
“We’ve a date tonight,” Sherlock reported, and lay the little plate of sandwiches and sweets on the mattress beside John’s hip.
“Hm. Good night, John.”
“Helped?” John reached across and speared Sherlock’s smoked eel, thrust it to his mouth and finished it in two bites. He offered shrimp tempura roll as an apology but Sherlock waved it off, feeling anything batter-fried rather negated the entire point of sushi, which was to provide a meal more nutritious than pizza or fast food burgers.
“Thank you, no. You’re very kind.” John gave Sherlock a look indicating he found Sherlock’s brazen appeals for freebies outrageous, and perhaps a bit cute.
Sherlock felt suspicious he may be the butt of some prank. “No. . .” he said slowly.
Sherlock only laid a finger against his lips, gave Molly a wink, tried not to notice that she never blushed or stammered anymore when he did so, and went to beg a cigarette from a porter. He’d be safe to smoke it; Rosie wouldn’t be home for two days.
“Settled in with all the new routines then. . .the visitations. . .?”
John obliged, bracing himself with a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, weighing down onto his belly and chest, crushing into him with force and urgency. John’s mouth came open against Sherlock’s neck, and his tongue was thick and warm, his teeth pressing hard.
“Tell you in a minute,” John assured him.
“Can’t speak, dying. Died. Dead already.”
“In that case, let’s walk,” Sherlock told him.
“Yeah, no, I’m good,” George replied, balling up his fists and shoving them into the front pocket of his pullover sweatshirt. “Not catching.”
John nodded, closed-eyed, looking small in his buttoned-up, thick coat. “Of course I know that’s true. But those kids don’t know it. All they know is they’re sleeping in a stranger’s house tonight—maybe not together—and they don’t know when they’ll see their mum again.”
General knowledge presented the fact that half of all romantic partnerships failed; theirs was not a special case, and in fact two men as intelligent as them (in particular as intelligent as Sherlock) should have known it was doomed to fail. Then again, statistics were general, and not reliably applied to any single experimental group in a given sample (as evidenced by their outlier status in several measures of the “average” couple: both men, met older, never married. Also, idiots). Relationships failed, and theirs had failed, but it was impossible to say whether they were the rule or the exception. General knowledge was clearly not going to be helpful in deducing the best course forward.
“Separated.”
“I’m putting it out right now,” Sherlock assured him, taking one last drag and then dutifully crushing out the barely-begun cigarette.
“It is to me. Unless Stravinsky is in the Top of the Pops.”
“It’s a Brawlers game,” Sherlock noticed, and their gazes met; John’s eyes were still glistening. “A coincidence, you think?”
, he texted back.
Several sleepless nights and one more text-based therapy session later, John had run every possible scenario through his imagination, eliminated the impossible, and settled on the improbable but obvious choice.
“You do it,” John murmured, and brushed his lips against Sherlock’s low back before leaning away again. “You do what you like.” He turned his wrist. “Go on. Let me see.”
“Yeah?—Here’s the frog—What’s their sport?”
“You couldn’t have known,” Sherlock replied. “Anyway, it comes apart. Give me the other half, if you decide you want to. Later.”
“You’re gorgeous.”
Sherlock had held his box empty that night—rescheduled some charity raffle winners and shifted some others into his teammates’ suites—so that John would have the place to himself. His anxiety, though he tried to hide it, had been palpable and growing in the days since Sherlock had been told he was going to start in Hamilton. They both knew Sherlock was born for it, and he was clear-eyed, clear-headed, his every word and action indicating that despite his long absence, Sherlock refused to miss a beat. He was freshly recovered—as far as he was concerned, better than new—battling back any and all doubts, ignoring the negative chatter that had started as far back as November. He had set his work ethic and hockey-intelligence to their highest levels.
“Don’t. He’s always like that.”
. Where did you find the recipe?”
“I feel like a fake.” John looked at him. “I’m just a hockey player. I’m not an expert, or an advocate.”
to his list, with a bracket beside them pointing to
John had insisted on footing the entire bill for the holiday, which Sherlock reckoned reached into five figures.
to fuck you,” John muttered in a tone of desperate surrender, as if Sherlock had bested him just by virtue of having a hot and delicious cock. Sherlock played into the confession, putting on a show of stroking himself with one hand while the other reached for a tube of slick and tossed it. John let out a groan, watching Sherlock’s fingers slip in a tight curl up his length to enclose the crown, then exposing it again as his hand slid down once more. “Stay there,” John commanded, and shuffled on his knees to get closer, pressing a hand behind one of Sherlock’s knees to raise him into position.
“Look,” Sherlock prompted, briefly casting his glance over his own shoulder, about ten yards ahead of them around a curve. “There’s a platform, quite close in to the cliff. A good place to stop and breathe.”
“I’m quirky,” Sherlock replied in an
“Next time you’re in town,” the man began, and drew up Sherlock’s left hand to kiss the back of his knuckles, rather sweetly, given the filthy riot of
SH: We had banh mi from a food truck.
“After review, there was no goaltender interference, the call on the ice stands—good goal.”
Four days later, Sherlock and John were faced with a situation they’d been dreading for months: the Brawlers’ first road trip that John, committed to work with his foundation, would not be able to attend.
tone, nodding, seemingly rapt by John’s lecture on holiday party music.
“Well, thank you. That’s kind,” John said. Mrs Hudson fussed with the kettle, brewing up some foul-smelling green tea she scooped from a plastic bag. “Thanks, too, for the wreath.”
“Notebook,” Sherlock ordered. For no reason John could identify, he fetched a notebook from the small table by the armchair, drew out the biro from where it was nestled down through the spiral rings.
His hand flew to John’s forehead, fingers combing through his fringe, laying everything back in its proper place. He did it so quickly that he had finished even before John’s quick-changing expression had arrived at amusement from alarm via a warning glance toward the lady of the house.
“I know,” he said, and he really did. Remarkable. “I’ve got yours, too.”
she shrieked, and dissolved into sobs, face red, eyes pouring tears. It had been building up all afternoon.
“We’ll try to keep it quiet for you.”
“I’m still in town tomorrow.”
The picture that assembled itself from the man’s medical history was a fascinating one. Diagnosed with ALS in his thirties, he had never succumbed to the usual symptoms; the diagnosis remained but no treatment was given. By the time the man was in his mid-sixties John began to see notes like “Dx ALS 1989? Asymptomatic. Question validity of dx.” The man had worked in construction and twice been treated for head injuries related to work, after which he displayed signs of narcolepsy, had migraines, and experienced periods of numbness and paralysis of his hands, arms, and feet. His wife described periods of “spaciness” when he seemed not to hear or see her—John thought these episodes were possibly seizures. There’d been a heart attack and bypass surgery at 59 and the records showed the man had been hard to rouse from anaesthesia, got bad reports from the nursing staff during his recovery that he was combative and abusive, and though he was repeatedly sedated in amounts that seemed to John to be excessive, every report stated the man continued to complain of an inability to sleep.
“Your other brother,” John said, and Sherlock felt comforted by John’s quiet tone.
John rubbed his foot against Sherlock’s shin, beneath the wonderfully weighty blankets. “I’ll just tell him no, then, just in case.”
“You can have it.”
“Will Granny bring tea?”
“That would tend to make me hold on to it,” Sherlock replied. “But whether it was him that said it or someone else, it’s true it doesn’t make good financial sense to pay a mortgage on a place I only use a few weeks a year.”
“Seen my shades anywhere?” he asked. “Getting bright out here.”
Year Two Teachers
“No. Yeah, no. Well.”
“Firstly, not ‘just’ a hockey player—one of the best defensemen to play the game. And I know, I’ve studied.” Sherlock smirked. “And you are somewhat of an expert, having had your bell rung several times. Advocacy is just a name for what you’re doing: speaking out on behalf of others not in a similar position to do so. Expert and advocate. Tick, and tick.” Sherlock flicked thumb and forefinger through the air, ticking imaginary boxes.
“Happy?” John asked, with an earnest grin that made Sherlock’s heart sting.
“We shouldn’t. . .” John began. “We can’t keep on—that way—if. . .” A quick sigh. “Oh, hell.”
“Sherlock did cases and you stayed home with me.” Rosie had a set of ready-to-assemble cubes in place of a chest of drawers, and she drew out her favourite, too-small-if-we’re-being honest, blue and red Fair Isle print leggings.
“I thought you enjoyed receiving fellatio, John,” Sherlock intoned, purposely too loud. “It’s a pity you’re talking yourself out of a chance to ever receive it again.”
“No. Stay here.” With harsh motion, John shoved Sherlock flat on his back and pinned one shoulder beneath his palm, kicking Sherlock’s thighs apart with his knee. He settled between them and bent down to swipe his tongue rough over Sherlock’s nipple, then found his wrists and dragged them up, pinning them above Sherlock’s head. Thrilled, Sherlock let his wrists cross so John could hold him with just one hand.
Steven’s expression was one Sherlock hadn’t seen on him—something more like an invitation to mere mischief than a promise of brutal seduction—and he said, “I’m ordering dinner.” He reached onto the side table for a leather folio that held the room service menu. “Am I ordering for two?”
Molly Hooper and young Margaret brought the platters to the table and the cook smacked the boys’ greedy hands until after she’d prayed. Dishes were soon overflowing with roast meat and potatoes, pickles and pole beans, a spectacular terrine pieced together from scraps of others--five in one, Molly called it--dark and light breads, warm berry compote, and a dark-spiced, rummy cake.
“One-on-one time with Razor.” Andy Raynham was the head goalie-coach. “I think a couple of the equipment guys are going to take some shots.”
“You can always text Mycroft.”
,” John said, shaking his head, emphatic. “Helping.”
John looked sheepish and bewildered, coming through the door from the landing. Rosie had answered the bell, and Sherlock could hear not his words but the discomfited surprise in his voice at not only having waited at what used to be his own front door, but being admitted into the house by his child. The men exchanged nods of greeting as Rosie returned to fold up on the sofa with her tablet, where she was using a medical simulation game to diagnose kidney failure. John stood just inside the door, not taking off his coat, rubbing his hands together.
is it?”
“No, I wasn’t. I mean,” he forced a sort of half-laugh, another shrug of the shoulders. “Just thought it could be fun to not go on my own for a change; I always feel a bit daft laughing at a movie by myself.” Shrugged again. “It’s fine.”
, Sherlock thought automatically.
Sherlock was dragged along in John’s wake as he went hard after his own pleasure, the pace of his breath and the register of his moans rising, everything off-center and just different enough to challenge them both. John’s thick grunt as he came was unself-conscious, base. Sherlock slipped in his hand to finish himself; John chewed the skin of his neck. The whole affair ended in an uncharacteristic mess, half-dressed on top of the duvet, with the lights on. Very unlike them.
“Beg pardon, mate?”
—so it was unlikely he’d ever joined the dots between a single passing comment and a later, however significant, revelation.
“Are you afraid of heights?” Sherlock asked, and tried not to smile, lest John think he was taking the piss out of him. In reality, he was impressed with John’s courage at not having shown the least hint of anxiety to that point.
“That’s good, then, yeah?”
“I love the way you smell.”
—to the captain’s practice or optional skate he wouldn’t attend, to dressing in his suit and leaving for the arena. He needed to arrange his gear in his locker, check the tapes on his pads. A game of two-touch getting loud with laughter outside the dressing room. He needed to stand by the door, then lead his team up the tunnel and onto the rink, smacking the pyramid of pucks onto the ice as he passed, stretching his quads, saving his teammates’ warm-up shots. He needed to rough up his crease, bang his stick, pop his neck, settle in and focus up. Instead he was wearing a ball cap and chirping the other teams’ forwards as they skated by, probably too far away to hear him but he did it anyway. All this he needed with a cold, stiff ache from deep in his bones. There were gaps in him that needed to be filled, and to leave them empty was to invite disaster. Boredom was not allowed, yet every game night was boring.
“Your hat you let me wear.” Sherlock had handed off the deerstalker he’d accidentally made into his signature—despite Savile Row suits, an endless string of blue mufflers wound around his neck, and his good coat—for Rosie to keep in her dress-up trunk when she’d begun to toddle. Rosie pointed to the drawing’s hands. “This is your magnifier.”
They’d arranged a schedule, three nights with each parent, with flexibility. The school summer holiday was coming up, but after that there wasn’t much to negotiate until Christmas,
John tugged his ear as if trying to awaken it. Sherlock smiled. “And for how long?”
Sherlock nodded and hummed, unfastening the too-many buttons on the fly of his jeans. Steven slid his brown leather belt out of the loops of his khaki trousers, tugged at his polo shirt to untuck it.
“I’m hungry,” Rosie complained, shaking her rucksack off her shoulders and thrusting it at Sherlock. She was always out of sorts Monday afternoons; the smooth transition back to school after the relief-filled exhalation of a weekend was not a trick she had mastered.
“How about that cheesy chicken thing for our dinner?” he suggested, and let Rosie lead him away.
Sherlock’s brain tripped over retorts about a closeted man with a know-nothing wife at home, couldn’t think of a way to say it that didn’t make him feel sorry for her and repulsed by him, so he said nothing. He stood naked with the wide, well-dressed bed between them, already half-hard. In order not to make a show of it, instead of spitting onto his fingers and stroking himself fully to life, Sherlock opted only to adjust his bollocks and pinch his foreskin this way and that, drawing attention without making a display.
“You chose it,” John replied, with a bit of laugh beneath it.
“We’ll have a drink after the game. I’ll ask him.”
“Option two, the cinema. Personally, I’m quite desperate to see the sequel to one of our mutual favourites—
“You didn’t do cases,” Rosie said, sounding incredulous.
Mags: So you think that statement was genuine, and not just spin control or covering their butts ‘just in case’?
Sat at the laptop for the sake of quick typing and a font he could see without reading glasses—John had taken them all when he’d gone, why not, they were his and Sherlock never would admit his need of them, even when they were perched on the end of his nose—and started to construct his explanation. Listed his excuses. The more he wrote, the further he drove himself toward panic, the more terrified he became. A recitation of slights. A series of veiled threats. Some pleading, then more threatening. Sherlock sat back, fingers sore at the knuckles. He knew it was wrong, even where it felt truest and most honest. Even with legal motions filed and grease in all the judicial gears just waiting to chew John up and spit him out the other side, Sherlock felt no solid ground on which to stand. He let his head drop back and back, dragged his palms down over his closed eyes. Wrapped his hands around his own throat, a loose imitation of the current life-or-death. John had felt the pressure, and raged against it. Sherlock, though, could not find a way slip the noose he’d accidentally fashioned.
Rosie pointed at a shop on the opposite corner of the intersection. “Oh, remember once we went in there and I got those tiny mints?”
,” Sherlock growled. “Look at us together.”
“Shh. The neighbours.”
“Paper snowflakes,” Sherlock said, with precisely the sort of quiet delight in his voice John had hoped for. “These are lovely. Look how delicate.”
“Mm.” He offered his right hand to John, who stepped around the table to shake it. “Pleasure to see you again,” he said perfunctorily.
“Maybe.”
John felt his eyebrows rise. “Can I--? Yeah, of course I can write.”
“Wait, I want to bring some cats.”
“Who are you rooming with, by the way?”
“He’s got himself—”
“I should go.”
“He said
“Not a bit. Won’t we have fun!” Mrs Hudson answered, and Sherlock closed his eyes to see the scene: Rose with her overnight bag, Mrs Hudson’s hand stroking her hair, smiling at John that he needn’t worry a bit. “What a nice surprise!”
The clock ticked. His tea had gone cold.
“Come on, then.”
“Can we go to the old park?”
he had all his limbs but I’m tryna tell him, No. No, son. Sorry. Nope. He’d half an arm left by th’end. He’s so angry. So angry.
“It’s always good to know the escape route,” Sherlock affirmed.
In the kitchen the table groaned with sweets (including jam thumbprint biscuits John gave himself at least half the credit for), the two centrepieces being an elegant, nearly flat bowl full of fruit, beautifully arranged; and a gigantic steamed Christmas pudding that smelled invitingly of booze and spice. To accompany the desserts, Sherlock offered tea with mulling spices, or cappuccino with foamed milk from a sleek metal contraption, and sprinklings of cinnamon or chocolate.
John rolled his eyes, smiling away. “You’re shameless,” he chided, then to the desk clerk said, “It’s fine, don’t mind him.”
John’s mouth opened as if he might say something, and stared at the phone in his hand as if it were a suddenly unfamiliar object, beaming incomputable data at him. At last he texted back,
“Sit down, Mrs H,” John insisted, quick-rinsing cups and saucers and setting them to dry.
“Don’t sound so edgy, it’s a good thing. Mine forwarded me a message from those girls with the blog. BSN approached them about developing a television show.”
John’s face brightened; he approved. “Thurty would do it.”
“Would she?”
“With lumberjacks on the way.”
JW: I think everyone was so involved in celebrating the Cup win, even though chatter went around the room pretty quickly, it wasn’t really top of everyone’s mind. We got some handshakes and pats on the back on break-up day. I got some nice emails and texts.
“True enough. He’s hot right now; why not let him do the work?” John shrugged, as if a few days in a ball cap on the bench was a minibreak Sherlock should enjoy rather than a punishing frustration.
“I love this. I’ve missed it. Does it feel good?”
“Are you reassuring me, or yourself?” Sherlock asked, though he did not want either of those answers. The two walked together back into the dressing room.
“Yeah, of course.” John put on his jacket, felt his pockets for his phone and wallet. “I can do some research in the journals online as well, if that would help.”
“Fuck, yeah; you’re gorgeous. Play with your foreskin.”
John let out a quick, breathless laugh. “You don’t remember,” he insisted.
There was a way to turn the doorknob, and a way to swing the door–open, then closed–to maintain the silence. The right side of the bottom step, the side that didn’t creak. Stepping soft as he could through the kitchen and out into the cold, sucking his breath at the shock of it. Hands in his trousers’ pockets and his shoulders shrugged up. Walking across the frost-crisp grass, the only man awake in the county, he imagined. The only man awake in England. The gentle crunch of his footfalls that only he could hear.
“Rosie, give Granny that chair, darling,” John ordered mildly, and although she neither replied nor even looked in his direction, Rosie moved off the straight-backed wood chair with its brocade cushion and onto the sofa without protest. Mycroft, in a sleeveless jumper over starched shirtsleeves—his attempt at holiday casualwear—fussed over the tea table, pouring Mrs Hudson a fresh cup. She accepted with grace but her smile was tight.
“If the internet fails me, you’re the first one I’ll call. I think the sleep disorder angle is one to pursue.” Sherlock stood, and they walked toward the landing. “You’ll let me know if something occurs to you later.”
“Thank you, it would be my pleasure, Mr Holmes.”
Sherlock poured him tea and they talked about the city, and other cities they’d visited or longed to visit. Sherlock’s cases. John’s surgeries. Favourite books and films and foods. John never learned whether it was midnight or just before dawn, and Sherlock never made him feel a dead-dark nighttime visit was anything out of the ordinary.
“How many times did I score on you when I was playing in Hamilton?” John wondered.
, pretty boy,” he moaned, and reached for Sherlock’s hand, twining their fingers, gripping tight as his other hand worked furiously along his length. “Gonna come all
“Doesn’t he teach on weekdays?” Sherlock kept his eyes on the television screen.
The door rattled then and Sherlock came in, blue wool dressing gown and satin slippers, wet hair combed straight back. John grinned at him around the pipe-stem, then put it down and gestured to a nosegay in a glass jar beside the stand.
“Morning,” Sherlock murmured, nuzzling his face up under John’s arm, shamelessly digging his nose into the hair, nipping at the tendon that emerged as John lifted his elbow to accommodate him.
“No, go on,” Sherlock said, and found the remote so he could turn down the volume on the game.
About fifteen minutes in, the Rush got something going and Sherlock faced a barrage of shots from every angle, almost every opposing player. The Brawlers’ defensemen gave him good cover, and Hatch even skated behind him through the crease to make a save, knocking away a slow-sliding puck Sherlock had momentarily lost track of. Hatch was all smiles as he skated around before the next face-off, joking about his goalie stats. Sherlock kept his head turned toward the back of the goal, fidgeting with his water bottle and catching glove.
was miles away from anything they’d ever been together; John couldn’t conceive of it.
“No, why?”
After a pair of wins and a loss at home, Sherlock packed up for an eight-game road trip. John had specifically arranged his schedule so he could follow Sherlock for the two-and-a-half week trip, booking himself luxury rooms and suites for the two of them to stay in, rather than bunking with Sherlock’s road-roomie, Alex George. They’d start out in Jacksonville, Florida, against the Jaguars, then zig-zag west, as far north as Pittsburgh and as far south as Dallas, before returning to Boston for the last three games before the All-Star break and the Brawlers’ bye week.
“Soon, sweetheart,” John promised.
“A genius plan,” John agreed.
Sherlock resolved not to buy her milk at Speedy’s anymore on school mornings; he would just start a fund with the unspent cash and pay her not to whinge about wanting things they both knew she did not actually want. He wondered if not buying her milk could mark him out as a failing parent, though. Didn’t children require milk at intervals? Over quite a long time, it had certainly seemed so. For their bones.
“Afghanistan. We had a mass casualty that day from a roadside IED. I amputated three legs and then picked shrapnel out of one soldier’s bollocks and arse for about two hours. That’s one they don’t tell you about; step on a mine and get your prick blown off. Happens all the time.”
“Right,” John said blandly. His expression had changed; he was closing down and becoming more guarded, sensitive to any perceived slights against Rosie and her obvious perfection.
John laughed.
Nonetheless, he arranged his face to reflect chastisement and said, “Beg your pardon, Mr Holmes.”
Sherlock did not like the way the women stared unspeaking at him and John, evaluating them. The school psychologist piped up again. “One issue Ms Shea brought to my attention is that Rosamund may be in a phase where reality and fantasy are a bit blurry?—not uncommon, nothing to worry excessively over—and that she is asserting some rather fanciful things about herself? And when other children try to correct her, she is resistant to the point of explosive anger, shouting and stamping feet, sometimes running off in a huff?”
“I admit by the time I’m walking her to school the last of our mornings, I am rather desperate and perhaps hurry her a bit as a result.” Sherlock laughed at himself, under his breath. “I’ll give it up,” he added, unconvincing and unconvinced.
“He does always say that,” Rosie said, nodding, with an almost-comical, beyond-her-years casual shrug. “Maybe tomorrow, then.”
I'm reserving the right to change the story's title, just FYI. I'm not 100% pleased with it. I'll keep you posted.
geezer.” He looked at Sherlock, who smiled dutifully. “Ninety-three, if you can believe that. Told me that when he’d turned seventy, he started drinking in the pub every lunch time, and took up smoking because he wanted to look cool.”
“Yes, I saw,” Sherlock replied.
John nodded understanding. He picked up Sherlock’s hand and played idly with his fingers, softly massaging his knuckles, then tracing tickling paths over the sensitive surface of his palm.
Sherlock heaved a great sigh, forehead weighty against the palm of his right hand while he tried to steady the left enough to dip his pen into the pot of ink on his desk.
John still looked a bit startled, but pleasantly so. After a moment he shook off the semi-stupour and asked, “Shall we have that swim now?”
, and
“Don’t be harsh.”
“Sand, though,” John added, with an exaggerated frown.
“Yes, well. This is a topic perhaps better addressed in a more sober tone,” John said gently. He reached for the bottle, but Sherlock held it, took another deep slug before surrendering. “Though I appreciate you’re on to something rather significant. If anyone could change the bible and the minds of all mankind, I’d put my money on you.”
A cab stopped for them and John wasted no time sliding across the seat, as if the extra distance from the building was significant. Sherlock folded himself in and directed the driver back to Baker Street.
“I said his name. Didn’t I?” he asked, apology gilding the edge of his voice.
They went on admiring the paper snowflakes, Sherlock praising and John puffing up with pride, until they had minutely examined every and all. They saved the favourite few, and made love amidst the rest.
It lasted only a minute, two at the most. Sherlock started rearranging furniture. The legs slid and scratched. Pieces thumped together. Sherlock sighed out angry groans. The noise carried on for the best part of a quarter hour.
Rosie made a happy-sounding hum and dug her forehead in against the side of Sherlock’s chest.
“It’s all right. We said goodbye earlier.” John tried not to sound as grim as he felt, talking about Sherlock, and inhaled, exhaled, let his shoulders fall for the first time in what seemed like years. In a lifetime of starting over, it was the first time John had made the decision for himself that it was time to begin anew. It was good. He could breathe. The rest would shake out. His girl had grit and good wits. She’d be just fine.
“Oh, no.” A deep, panicky moan. “Oh, no no no. Is that the time?!”
“I have to get up at half-six,” John declined. He didn’t have to elaborate that he resented the reason for his early morning. “Actually, I’m going to tap out on this game,” he said apologetically. “Dinner was fantastic; thank you for that.”
“Bullshit, Holmes, and you know it!” Merrick screamed at him, and Kocur got upright and solid in front of Sherlock’s paint, chest to chest, keeping Merrick out of Sherlock’s way. The goal celebration over, Lamm and Hollis started piling on.
, he texted back. Whispered conversation under cover of darkness—John’s memories were of a list of terrible wonders and cherished regrets. Every night was a danger night, after a certain hour. His own temptation to feed Sherlock’s ooze of emotion right back to him was fierce, easily recognisable as a potential dive into disaster. An invitation to further wounding. They’d only just—finally—settled things back into place; John could see the inherent risk in shaking it up and pouring it out. Expecting to make fresh sense of the same mess, rearranged.
Sherlock collapsed; hands and elbows on the desktop, head hanging from his bent neck, and he kept still until he couldn’t anymore, then leaned in to John’s motion.
“John, I fear we’re losing her respect.”
“I spent over an hour typing and printing those bullet-points,” John protested; as had been their habit for far too long, they spoke to Rosie instead of each other, forcing her into simultaneous, perpendicular conversations. “It’s definitely the best one.”
,” she complained.
John felt his eyes widen, and after a few seconds of unconsciously held breath, he sighed.
Sherlock slid open the narrow drawer in his wardrobe where John knew he kept his small clothes, as well as neatly tri-folded socks and two sets of hose garters to keep them obedient. John felt a thrill of anticipation; Sherlock had never given him a gift before. Aside from himself, of course.
“Thank you, Molly, for the flu,” Sherlock said with finality, and fetched his coat off the back of his chair as rose to leave. “And do let me know if you start getting a raft of auto-erotic asphyxiations; I suspect a serial killer haunting the underground sex clubs.”
“We’re going,” was John’s immediate, cheerful response. “That huge family? All that chaos? Their summer party was one of the happiest days I’ve spent. All the good bits of family time, none of the baggage.”
“The sign,” Sherlock prompted, as John was about to shut it. John affixed the Do Not Disturb card to the door handle, let the door fall shut on its own as he quick-marched across the room to where Sherlock sat, took his place between Sherlock’s splayed thighs, kneeing aside the rolling desk chair as Sherlock wrapped his legs around Johns thighs, shoved his hands up under John’s t-shirt front to stroke his chest and shoulders as they kissed, hot and deep.
“Clearly nowhere near your heart,” he said, with unsentimental admiration, then skated back to the bench to wait for play to resume.
“It’s kind of you to offer,” Sherlock said, sounding regretful, perhaps even actually regretful though John couldn’t be sure even after a decade of acquaintance, much of it quite intimate. “I think it’s best I decline.”
“That’s delicious,” John praised, and balanced the foot of his glass on his knee, fingers and thumb on the stem. Once upon a time there had been ten matching glasses. John had complained about not being able to find exact matches to replace the fallen seven.
Sherlock smiled.
“My lips are sealed.”
“Well, you’ve got the boys on the team, anyway. I’ll be all on my own.”
Sherlock touched John’s wrist, his own voice thick with disuse. “John. You’re dreaming.
“Yes it is.”
John sighed through a sad smile.
“Can’t think about food,” Sherlock groaned exaggeratedly. “Ask me in an hour.”
“Quite all right, thank you.”
“I tend not to eat when I’m on a case. Weighs me down; makes the brain sluggish.”
“Excellent,” Sherlock nodded at him, bending himself to reach John’s back, which he scratched a bit. “It’s a very good shirt,” he complimented.
“I haven’t.”
“Love you, Rose, down to your toes.” He dipped down to plant a kiss in the part of her hair. “Behave. I’ll pick you up after school on Monday.”
“Shower?” John suggested.
Sherlock knew the feeling.
—had eventually transformed, though, from Just What Must Be Done into repeating, stinging reminders that Sherlock would only ever be listed in the secondary space.
“It’s gorgeous,” John told him, and kissed him again, longer this time. “And you are, too.”
“My ears are cold.”
” and Sherlock worked one hand close to his open lips, and his chin, all wet with running saliva he slathered over John’s hole with a lapping, flicking tongue. Inched in a finger. Licked it. Sucked. Turned it and pressed and turned it another way, went on licking all around it, and John let out a shuddering moan that pleased Sherlock deeply.
“Despite not wanting to go down on me,” John joked.
“From your first Christmas,” John said. “That one’s still at—” He was about to say
As he unlocked the door to their rented flat, John asked, “Oh—are you hungry?” He smirked, as if he was in any way willing to be put off from the promise of sex after so many days apart. “I could make you something.”
Sherlock twitched right and left, made some catches, saved a couple in his usual weak spot—armpit, blocker side—knelt, stood, stacked the pads, got the stick on it. Two more went in over his shoulder. Raynham blew his whistle and Sherlock bumped gloves with Mellon and Bouchard. John skated up and helped himself to Sherlock’s water bottle.
“What, ‘yes’?” Sherlock echoed, seeking clarity.
Sherlock removed his hand to uncover the small, gauzy bag that lay there, translucent so they could both plainly see what it held.
John sank into his chair with his eyes shut for longer than a blink. He shifted the pillow behind his back.
John waited for a laugh, but Sherlock only went on mildly smiling.
“After hours,” Sherlock clarified.
“Everything is fine. I’m with Watson at Victoria Hospital A & E.”
“I thought about it, but once the adrenaline drained off I felt sluggish and lumpen and so retreated here to bed.”
It was this prettiest one John plucked up and set between his teeth, learning weight and texture. It smell-tasted of Sherlock’s favoured tobacco, of the bowl’s ash and soot layer that protected the wood and cradled the leaves Sherlock expertly packed inside.
Hovering in the doorway to the landing, John ventured, “I thought I’d pick her up after school Tuesday, if you can manage until then?”
“Hey, Holmesy, spare some coffee?”
Best,
“Did you make this party for me?”
Running the razor down John’s cheek, up his throat, Sherlock licked his own lips, tasting the citrus scent of the after shave John had patted onto his newly smooth face. A once-a-year, special sort of foreplay, intimate and slightly dangerous, a grooming ritual that bonded them. Sherlock wiped the last of the soap from John’s jaw with a hot, damp towel, tilting his face this way and that to catch the light and assure he hadn’t missed any spots. A splash of stinging after shave that made John suck his teeth, was followed by a deep kiss that drove them both to reach for something to lean on or fall back against, lest their knees fail them.
“Please do,” Sherlock replied.
—wide but shallow—and he lifted the lid, lay the stone at the end of a row of others like it, and unlike it. The heaviest one, the dark one he couldn’t quite grasp. There wasn’t room for more; the thing was full, so it was done. He snapped shut the box, and sleep rolled in on him like dense warm fog.
“Oh, I can’t,” John said quickly, needing to fall back and regroup. “Sorry. I have to--” He motioned toward the door with head and hand, unable to put more detail into the lie.
“Ready to go?” He guided her with a hand on her shoulder, always slightly in front of him where he could see her. “Wait until you see the new stuff I got for your bed. Sheets and four pillows, two blankets, and a yellow patchwork quilt for the top.” He rambled, talking up the one-and-a-half room flat the entire Tube ride until he’d surely built up her expectations to the point where she could not but be disappointed when she saw it.
“I watched him. He was already half-hard, nice cut cock, thick at the head. Hairy thighs.”
“Not much,” John replied, interest captivated to the point of eclipsing his annoyance at Sherlock’s rudeness, especially when he’d gone out of his way not to tell the deliveryman he was a bit of a prat. “Some academic stuff, in textbooks; watched a couple of procedures during my training. Why?”
“Well, no need to decide right now.” John smiled and rolled closer, a welcome weight against Sherlock’s side. “Shower first. More food. Movie and bed.”
“Do you suppose they’re lovers, too?” John mused. “In a hurry to be together.”
I forgot, all the way through Boyfriend Material, and when posting chapter one, to mention that Mike and Mags and their hockey fangirl blog What The Hell, Dummy? are all inspired by a real life pair of hockey fangirls called Chuck and Pants, and their blog, What's Up, Ya Sieve? The blog has not updated since 2016, but it's fun to peruse. They are on instagram and on twitter, both with user name whatsupyasieve.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and leaned forward fractionally. “So, Watson is making up scary stories to entertain other seven-year-olds. And you’re asserting that as evidence she may be out of touch with reality.”
“Can they? Obtain evidence outside a police investigation?”
John pinched his face as if aware what he was about to say was a non sequitur, and he was thinking twice about saying it at all. “Yeah, as a matter of fact, yeah.” He cleared his throat. “Do you—” he looked away. “Feel. . .connected to me? Right now. After the,” he spun his finger, stirring the past few hours, “Case? And having me drop my keys and that? Us, together, doing this stuff.”
“You know it. I’m really psyched for you, dude. Congratulations again.”
John grinned, “I like a good old boozy steamed pudding. All the best things in one.” He started clearing up what remained of their meal. Sherlock pulled a paper-thin laptop from his case and opened it on the table between his splayed knees. “I’ll take the sofa, by the way.”
John felt a jittery tightness high in his chest, above his breastbone. He considered his answer, letting time tick by until he felt pressure to type a response despite not really having one.
Sherlock hummed acquiescence and nodded his head against the pillow. John shifted angles to duck down and catch the side of Sherlock’s neck between his teeth. He bit down hard enough to make Sherlock jump, struggling. The shock was like a white flash of furious heat beneath his skin, forehead to chest, belly and bollocks and making his thighs shake and thrum.
John turned a triumphant smirk on Sherlock, whose knee jiggled restlessly against John’s.
“Another time.” John pressed his hands onto the arms of the chair and lifted himself to stand. “Got all your gear together?” Sherlock stood, too, as it was the done thing when guests were leaving one’s home. He fetched up Rosie’s rucksack, checked inside that her folders and papers were in order, then passed it to John.
“Dance with me,” he said, and took hold of Jordan’s elbow, gently pulling him toward the dance floor.
“Probably for the best. Sorry for the mess.”
“Yeah. Remember when she was about five, that stomach thing that went on for days and days,” John agreed. “She had hallucinations with that fever, too.”
“It’s better when I’m moving. Standing still is giving me a little vertigo,” John told him. “I don’t feel like I could die at any moment—who told you that? This is fine.” He was joking but his expression was grim. Sunglasses blocked Sherlock’s view of his eyes, but the corners of his lips turned down in a distinct frown.
“Sh—” It might have been an endearment or an admonishment, but either way it ended in a gravelly grunt, a shudder and a shout, and Sherlock let John’s cum fall onto his thigh, to mark him, nevermind the mess.
“No,” Sherlock acquiesced.
We invite your feedback about your child’s family, so that we can include and represent everyone. Please feel free to send a note or email. We always love to have volunteer readers share books about families, or if you would like to share a special craft or project, please contact your child’s teacher to arrange a classroom visit.
, John mouthed at him, and grinned like he was getting away with something illicit. He worked one hand between them, cradling Sherlock through his clothes. “Can I?”
“How much later?”
“It’s an owl!” She giggled, and Sherlock smiled. He reached for her and she squeezed him around the neck hard enough to break his heart.
“You’ll ride in with me,” Sherlock said, laying out his shirt and suit on the bed, going into the chest for socks.
Sherlock flicked his own eyebrows upward, with a vague eyeroll. “Should I have decided that already?”
“I’m expecting him momentarily,” Sherlock prodded, and John stepped aside to allow him in. Walking straight to the little table where John had been sitting with his laptop and cup of tea, Sherlock slapped the computer shut and tucked it between a small rubbish bin and the wall. He gulped down the last of the tea, grimaced because it was cold, then dropped the mug in the bin.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I DID!”
“Rosie told me that drawing is of
(See the end of the chapter for
“Any time.”
never wear eighteen again, either.”
“I want new papers drawn up,” Sherlock stated, and passed his brother a sheet filled with his own deteriorated handwriting, both front and back, detailing how the new draft should be worded, both what it should and must not include. “I want them in my email in-box by close of business today. And I want the case assigned to a court where no magistrate, clerk, or janitor has ever heard the name of Mycroft Holmes.”
Sherlock was already stretched out on the sofa by the time John—devastating in his dove-grey summer suit, pink shirt, and lavender necktie—arrived home from his first proper workday as the figurehead of the Heads Up Foundation.
It was a rhetorical question, Sherlock knew. And anyway, he had no answer.
“I can wait.”
They made tentative non-plans and let each other go. Once they’d walked far enough that there was no risk of Iain overhearing, John complained, “What was that all about? You embarrassed him. Purposely.”
“No,” Sherlock agreed.
“She doesn’t believe I fenced at school, either,” was Sherlock’s reply, his attempt at commiseration, and not too wide of the mark. “Even after I showed her the plaques.”
“I think your father wants sausage for supper. I’ve potatoes I can fry,” Mrs Holmes reported, peeking into cupboards and the fridge. “Or would you rather rice?” Her tone indicated she thought rice was a very outré choice indeed, the kind of exotic side dish her wealthy, North American prodigal son must enjoy.
“Oh, Watson!” he exhaled, with stageworthy drama and a melancholy shake of his head. His hair was positively mad, not just free from its pomaded, barely-tame standard, but truly wild two hours after a bath without further tending. His cheeks were flushed hotly pink, as was his neck and most of his chest. The bottle of Scotch whisky he’d been gifted by the Colonel at Christmastide leaned half-empty against his side.
“I should really be going, sweetheart.”
“You look gorgeous, by the way,” John told him.
“This argument is illogical and I withdraw. Here we are.” He pulled open the door and Rosie trudged to where she knew the crunchy snacks were. She chose crisps but Sherlock insisted on something with nuts for protein, only selling it to her when he found something with chocolate chips in the mix. Rosie got her Orangina—Sherlock bought himself one as well, he could use the sugar boost to deal with her petulance—and they settled on a low wall beside the pavement to fuel up. While Rosie ate, Sherlock drew out the contents of her rucksack.
His mind noisy with unspoken recrimination, Sherlock focused his gaze on John, who would not meet his eyes.
“From the Gold Rush. I never met him outside a game; what’s his story?”
“It’s the Generals Tuesday. Offense packed with left-hand shots. Not LoPresti’s specialty,” Sherlock said.
“You said.”
“So how will you handle it?” John asked.
John eased around the doorjamb to look down the hall. The blur had resolved into a tall, wild-haired man in smart trousers and a fine shirt, barefoot and wearing an untied, blue silk dressing gown over his clothes. He flicked a glance John’s way, then back into the drawer he was combing through. Then back at John, for longer. John clasped his hands behind his back.
The sun was dropping behind the big house by the time he was finished, and he did wonder whether Madam would truly be pleased with the muddy scar in the ground, but he’d done as ordered, and to the best of his ability, and so in that sense, it was a day well spent. But he was cold, and his fingers were blistered, and his shoulder reminded him about the war. His day of steady exertion and the accomplishment of a task completed left him feeling satisfied. And tired.
To: John_Watson@UKFreemail.com, SH@scienceofdeduction.com
John’s appreciation of Sherlock, though, was never in doubt; he listened attentively to Sherlock’s lectures and his face became serious as he sipped, searching each mouthful for notes of cedar, or evaluating the coating on his tongue. One cabernet turned their teeth blue, but they all agreed to forgive it. Indeed, Sherlock thought it so exceptional he went back to the winery and bought three bottles to take back home.
“Well anticipated; that was my next question. Is it urgent?”
“Rosamund Watson,” John said, and he and Sherlock began to write. Rosie turned her page sideways—ignoring the lines to suit her purpose, a somewhat advanced approach to problem-solving for her age—and wrote
“No, Watson, it’s across the road. Just wave.”
“Coach is holding off on whether I’ll start.”
Sherlock got the full meaning.
Steven shoved him around by the flank and thigh, pinned one of Sherlock’s wrists to the pillow, and Sherlock whined through a mouth rapidly drying as he panted, rocking his hips against the imperfect friction of combed-cotton hotel bedding. Cold, slick-coated fingers dug between his arse cheeks and the non-space between his thighs. Once Sherlock was sufficiently slippery, Steven thrust his cock into the seam between Sherlock’s legs, growling. Trapped and thrown, Sherlock couldn’t even turn his head to relieve the ache of his overcranked neck. Fingertips ground in hard between the fragile tendons of his inner wrist and Sherlock marveled at how much pain it caused. He bucked and flexed in counterrhythm. Steven’s forearm across his upper back held him down hard against the mattress as he shoved and shoved, shout-grunting curses.
Over the course of long minutes, their breath was caught and they lay side by side, the wrong way across the bed.
“So what makes the widow think he was still alive?”
When Sherlock offered John a crostini spread with chicken liver paté and balsamic-glazed onions, he accepted, keeping his doubts to himself, and found it astoundingly delicious. Through the course of the evening, he returned to the tray three times, for more.
No. If John Watson had walked away—and he had—it would only have been after he knew he could not restore or repair them. Knew that all hope was lost.
JW: More folding it in than letting it go, I think.
“Not this time,” Sherlock replied with a wink. “If I keep you indebted I can get what I want out of you later.”
For the first time in several weeks, Sherlock did sleep well.
He lifted his head and stretched his neck, couldn’t believe the time, and how much of it he’d wasted.
“You probably do,” George smirked. “Remember right.”
“You, as well. I hope we’ll see you again before we’re off back to Boston.”
“LoPresti’s on fire, as you said.”
“Shut it or you’ll jinx us.”
In contrast, Sherlock’s voice rose and leaned forward. “Quite quickly, please. Thank you.”
“Bali, I think. But there are other places like it; I’ve seen them in adverts and that. Just us two, in a place like that, for a week? My idea of a perfect holiday.”
“Did you try to give her anything? Paracetamol?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes despite a movie immediately starting in his head of all the ways he would happily allow Coach Lestrade to violate and venerate him. Coach clapped him on the back of the shoulder before taking his leave.
“Mycroft was already away at the boarding school he applied to and arranged all on his own; he’ll tell you it was because of his single-minded determination to make something of himself, but the truth is he would have gone anywhere not to be trapped here with my father while we were in Finland. Enoch came with us but foundered. He and my father were bachelors together.”
“Yes,” Sherlock said. “Yes, you’re right. All of it.”
“All right. I’ll be waiting for that.”
“They aren’t, but I’d visit you,” Colin replied with a flirtatious smile. “I promise.”
“Helen says there’s some in Boots, on a special—sort of—shelf of their own?”
“That’s your dangerous case? Pretending to be your fake boyfriend?”
“No. I want to go home.”
John smiled, though Sherlock did not appear to be joking. Was he really so oblivious to the way he was perceived? Or did he just not care? Quirky, indeed.
“I’ll wait and talk to the doctor.”
“Can I have a phone so I can video-call him?”
“Yeah, OK,” John surrendered, though there may have been some irritation in it. “Yeah. Fine.”
To add insult to the injury of arrival in sub-zero Chicago at two in the morning, the team were informed once they’d boarded the bus that they would be in double rooms instead of suites. Sherlock hoped George was not a snorer.
Sherlock’s throat thickened with grief, and anger flared in his chest. “It’s not my intention to steal her from you, John,” he said, perhaps too sharply.
Rosie saved them.
Sherlock resumed a seat in his chair, this time properly, and crossed one thigh over the other. Rosie was unzipping her pack even as she approached, reached in and drew out a sheet of yellow paper with a crayon-drawing on it.
“You like that? That’s what you want?”
Sherlock grinned at him--an odd, almost off-putting grin--and laid his book aside on the floor by the fire. “I’ll see. Have a seat.”
“Stay and play, Dadda,” Rosie urged. “There’s ice cream, as well.”
Sherlock dipped his chin, breaking their mutual gaze, feeling chuffed and weirdly bashful.
Sherlock needed no second invitation and did as he was told. Within moments he was bracing himself with a flat palm against the wall in front of him, closing his eyes each time he caught sight of his face reflected in the glass of a picture frame hanging there. John’s fingers held him open, and with lips and tongue, he thoroughly reacquainted himself with every sucking, flicking, swirling way to elicit shudders and groans from Sherlock. For his part, Sherlock found a counter-sensation in the form of a sizable, fairly-fresh bruise on his shin, which he worked against the desk’s edge to spark it up. A shift of John’s posture moved the chair so that Sherlock could just barely settle his toes on its arm, a change of balance that let him rock against John’s probing tongue.
“What, brunch?”
is the word I think your teacher wants you to use,” Sherlock reminded. He drew lines between the names on his own page and it reminded him of pinning strings between clues on the wall, so he drew circles at the end of each line to make the pinheads. John’s paper still only said
“I’ll accept that in place of
“--you can walk there easily. Oh.”
“Will you be able to sleep?” Sherlock asked, doused the light, and settled back into John’s light embrace. John hummed assent. “Goodnight, then.”
“Jeezus.”
“I know the one,” Sherlock told him.
“That busty one whose father was in the government. My brother knew her at school.”
John quickly cleared his throat. Sherlock had added
“—some extra work on a case. He said to tell you. . .” What
Sherlock smiled at the pavement ahead of him. “Whatever you like.”
The gift, as it turned out, was—to no one’s surprise—for Rosie. Inside the coloful gift bag was a hand-knitted cuddly toy, made by the judge in her free time. Rosie thanked her, John thanked her, Sherlock bit his lips together, and soon enough they were in another taxi having a spirited argument about whether it was a mouse, an elephant, or a rhinoceros.
“Nope. What did you learn at school today?”
“Poor sleep last night?” John asked as the two assumed their usual dining chairs and tucked in.
Enjoy the smut!
“You know about the Family Tree project, Watson?”
don’t give me enough.”
Sherlock admired John’s throat exposed by the open shirt button and loosened necktie knot; he was a little stubbly, maybe thinking of letting his beard come in though he hadn’t said as much. The downgraded attire was acceptable given they’d chosen a place for burgers and beer rather than steaks and chateauneuf-du-pape. Sherlock was half-satisfied with the malt vinegar he’d been given for his chips, and chased the thick-cut fries through traces of beef jus left behind on his plate.
Lestrade was headed up the corridor toward him as Sherlock left the dressing room.
John’s motions became unpredictable, and he shuddered, so close. Sherlock reached down to press one fingertip hard against John’s hole, and the whole thing was over in less than a minute, John groaning loudly against Sherlock’s cheek, Sherlock tumbling after him within a few strokes, one hand curled around John’s tight-flexed bicep.
featuring a crazy YES—we’re taking this story seriously but we’re still us. Watch out, here it comes.)
“What a horrid brat you are,” John marveled. “Your mum is absolutely lovely.”
John sniffed; his eyes stung. In that instant, he knew himself to be a truly miserable person; in no way was he worthy of his child. The truth clotted up in his throat, that Sherlock had been calling her every day, but John used the excuses—more often lies—of himself working at the clinic, Rosie busy with friends, mealtimes, bedtimes, on the phone, in a meeting, letting the calls go mostly unanswered, or answering only to brush Sherlock off.
“It’s nice to see. I do wish we could just stay here, like this.” John held him close for a long moment before relaxing again.
Once he’d filled his ravenous belly with warm, peppery roast meat and twice as many potatoes as he usually took, John sat back in his chair a bit, noticed no other plate on the table was even half-empty. Sherlock gave him a quizzical look, softened by amusement, and John shrugged back at him. His palms throbbed from holding the handles of the axe and spade, and his stiff knuckles were a riot of scratches from the rough bark of branches and stumps.
“This is not about Mycroft! It’s about you—” He pointed. “And me.” Pointed again. “Sherlock, we were never made for this. Every day we do ten things that prove that. And one of these times, someone will notice, and they’ll
He made his way upstairs, the rubbery tip of his cane thudding on each step, and found both doors from the landing into Sherlock’s flat shut. He pressed the sticky note in place onto the sitting room door, right in the center of another, bigger wreath that hung there.
Did we mention they were nice?
“On my way to do just that,” Sherlock snipped, stepping into the bath and shutting the door firmly behind him. His reflection in the mirror over the sink showed pink blotches on his throat and cheeks, and his face did have a rather clammy appearance. His head did ache, though he hadn’t bothered to notice it until John spoke up. His stomach, too, didn’t feel entirely right. The idea of swallowing anything in the medicine chest did not appeal. He ran the cold tap and splashed his face until he couldn’t breathe.  He’d live with the headache.
“Stay and have a kip. Find us a good place to have dinner,” Sherlock told him. John kissed him on the shoulder.
“All I need is for you to flash your credentials at his office; I’ll do the talking to get what I need. They won’t even notice you haven’t said a word, and by the time they get suspicious, we’ll be long gone.”
John nodded. “Look, sorry about the barrage of questions and all that,” he said, and offered a small smile of his own, apologetic, then added, “Worry.”
“She went to bed all right?”
Just barely acceptable, John thought, but it was awkward no matter what words he used. For all he knew, Sherlock had deleted their mistake already. John sent the email, shut down the laptop, and stayed where he was, letting his eyes adjust to the seep of streetlight around the edges of the windows. Sherlock had embraced him, rested his big head on John’s chest. And John could have played it off, thumped his back soundly as he hugged him with one arm, made some jokey comment about how they’d survived another kid-related crisis. Instead he’d pressed him backward and kissed him, and so John blamed himself for their moment of weakness. It had been strange and selfish, nothing like their usual, and in the moments after, he had a momentary, melting glimpse of himself coming back to that flat, to that bed, to that infuriating, imperfect man. But immediately the shadow of reality fell: the reality that nothing had changed, and that the end had been sheer hell of a kind John wished never to go through again. There was no point stepping backward into misery just because it was comfortable.
Sherlock feigned innocence. “Hm?”
“I won’t. I’ll save them”
buses in
Sherlock hummed. “By the way, I told Watson you are the father of mutant monster triplets.”
“—broken up.” John did the thing with his hands behind his back, looking down at his own fidgeting foot.
“Would you mind?”
“Thanks.”
“You’re smoking again.” He wasn’t sure why he’d said it; it seemed an easy path to argument. It was only half his concern now—Sherlock didn’t have to stay alive for him anymore, but there was Rosie to think of. Bad influence, normalizing unhealthy behaviour.
“You did the right thing. It’s unfortunate you had to.”
The second period brought more of the same. The Gold Rush offense checked in and increased the pressure in Sherlock’s end, forcing him back to work despite his continuing off-kilter sensation. He made a handful of saves before they put another one past him, a stick-side wraparound when he was only halfway back from the glove side, where he’d made two saves in rapid succession, head and arms outside his crease. A good goal he couldn’t have saved. Nonetheless he cursed himself as he spat his water.
“I wonder if I could persuade you to take some notes for me. I’ve a meeting with a client.” Sherlock, quickly assessing John’s confounded expression, added, “I’m a detective. Consulting Detective, the only one, a title I gave myself. Here’s my card.”
George was in the elevator with him, listening to his wife on the phone and grunting affirmative, bored-sounding noises at whatever she was saying. Once he’d rung off he shrugged in Sherlock’s direction and offered some grim comfort.
“Do that,” Sherlock bit back at him. “Keep doing that.”
Steven unfastened his trousers, opened them but didn’t take them off. “There.” He tipped his chin. “On your knees by that mirror.”
Street, a few blocks north of here, if I remember right.”
“Yes. Of course, yes.”
“Come up here. Let me watch you come,” John beseeched him, hand on his shoulder to coax him. Sherlock braced himself with one hand beside John’s neck against the chair back, set a knee in the narrow space beside John’s thigh. Licked his palm with a soaking tongue, gripped his prick and slid, another sort of aching, watching John watch him. His cum dripped and mingled with John’s, and he turned his face toward the ceiling, fighting to quiet a tight-lipped groan. He gulped air, shuddered, faded into the aftermath, liquid and unconcerned.
“If Dadda doesn’t like the mum who had me, why do I have her name,
“Show me,” Sherlock panted. “Show me your hand on your prick.” John did as he was told, and Sherlock opened his eyes to take in the thrilling image of John’s surprisingly delicate fingers in a ring around his big cock, a squeezing slide from root to crown, dragging his foreskin over on the upstroke, then down again to expose the slick, dark-pink head. Sherlock cursed, and bit his lips. “I’d have fucked you,” he said, “Lick you, suck you, pin you there with your legs in the air, fuck you so hard. So hard.”
John looked uncertainly at the clock on the mantel, out the window at the weather, at Rosie’s hands busy arranging an army of plastic cats into rows. Finally at Sherlock then away again toward the kitchen. “I don’t know, darling,” he began.
“Got an email from the Thrashers this morning; they’re retiring eighteen.”
“Eighteen months!” John barked a laugh. “That really is shameful. Lying to your parents.” He made an exaggerated expression of disappointment. “They seem lovely.”
“You said it like
“Let me,” Sherlock muttered, a bit of a plea in it, and reached for John’s trousers-front, fumbling for the zip. He licked his lips and before he’d drawn his tongue fully inside his mouth, John was kissing him, clutching and shoving so they both semi-stumbled, and they smiled against each other’s mouths, then sank back into the heat of the moment. Sherlock lay on his back with John caging him at hip and shoulder, hovering above and looking up and down the length of him with unapologetic appraisal in his gaze.
John hummed a disapproving laugh, and the bedroom door clicked shut.
“Good morning. My name is Sherlock Holmes. I believe my brother informed you I may be calling.”
“A brave new world for you, in that case.” Sherlock reached back over his head and elongated in a full-body stretch. “I wouldn’t know; I’m still gainfully employed, and very young.”
Sherlock sniffed. “Dressing to sit doesn’t inspire me to work fast.”
“Go ahead,” Colin encouraged.
“All invented, arbitrary markers of progress,” Sherlock protested, letting his grin tease up and give him away as less above-it-all than his words would have him sound.
“So come on and let me.”
“Sometimes that’s not enough. We’re hardly the first.” John sounded resigned—neither relieved nor disappointed—as he offered, “I think it’s probably too late to change. We’re only ever growing older and even more set in our ways.”
“What if I hadn’t survived?”
“Belonged to a friend of mine. Well. I say ‘friend’--proved he was a con artist swindling wealthy widows out of their money and as it happens he won’t be needing the place for at least eight years, so.”
They were smiling, falling back into their right places.
“Tell Rosie I love her.”
The weekend was back-to-back matinees, one in Knoxville and then another in Charlotte. The Brawlers got their lunch eaten in a 4 – 0 shutout on Saturday.
She came streaking across the playground at full speed, the wily, loose hairs around her face plastered down with sweat despite the early winter cold. Sherlock bent and opened his arms to catch her, and his smile was one of the real ones, hers alone. She locked her hands around the back of his neck and swung from his neck for him to catch and lift her. Sherlock let out an uncomfortable grunt, reached for her fingers and loosened them. After a quick rearrangement of her limbs, he hefted her up into his arms, then let her slide back down to earth.
John was clearly out of sorts, and had been for most of the day. He was sullenly quiet through supper, sparing quick, forced smiles and monosyllabic responses when addressed, adding nothing of his own to the evening’s conversation. Plainly not his usual jovial self, Sherlock was not the only one to have noticed; Molly had even inquired about the state of his health. “Fit as ever, thank you,” was his simple response. Beneath the table, his knee jumped away any time it brushed against Sherlock’s, and he kept his feet flat on the floor lest the toe of his boot meet Sherlock’s ankle.
“Late twenties. Married. No children, good because he cheats. Closing in on three hundred points. They’ve got him playing left on the third line. He was rather put-out not to be made alternate captain, though how he feels he is qualified is anyone’s guess. Lazy during the second half of every practice.”
“I know you would; we should probably have a talk about that.” John had half-grinned. “Anyway, from all of that came this shocking, perfect gift of our tiny girl. And if I have to think of anyone as Rosie’s mother, I prefer to think of Mary. She wasn’t real, but she was the best of the lot.”
Probably blind and deaf with pain—how he was still conscious was a mystery to Sherlock—Ryan tried once more to get to his feet, though his right leg would clearly not bear any weight, and he fell hard.
“Nope.”
’s Exclusive Sit-Down with Hockey’s First Out LGBTQ Players”
The window. The armchair. Door shut and locked. His legs and arms and the bed beneath him and the ceiling of a tiny London flat over him.
“More wine?” Sherlock offered.
He’d seen Mrs Hudson spritz the plant with a fine mist of water from a spray bottle, nattering pleasantly about how it didn’t like wet feet, so she never soaked the soil, and by some miracle it hasn’t died, so why muck about with the recipe? Spray the leaves Wednesdays and Sundays and leave it alone. Though he had grown so used to the thing he barely registered its presence, in the evening hours after their return from Leeds (Sherlock had offered to buy the breakfast and the tea on the train, claiming it as a valid expense he could charge to the client, a fact which gave John an enormous sense of relief), he found himself squinting at it. The leaves wore a troubling coat of white. . .something.
“Not exactly. But along those lines. Go and get your takeaway and when you get back I’ll tell you all about it. When we go into his clinic tomorrow you’re going to have to tell him you’re the brother of a patient he’s accused of killing while trying to retrieve his contraband.”
“I didn’t mean to,” John white-lied in reply. “Sorry. You can try something new if you like.” He thought to himself that Angelo’s busy daughter—who ran the place without anyone saying so, now that Angelo had semi-retired to a seat at the bar with a view of the whole place, plus most of the kitchen—would know by now to have Rosie’s usual under the warming lights, ready to be summoned, no matter what she may think she wished to try. “Anyway, it might not be at Angelo’s, so we don’t need to decide what you’ll have for dinner several days from now.”
“I do, too.”
“Perhaps,” Sherlock said, then, a half-moment later, “Perhaps not.”
“Anyway,” John said, the change of subject telegraphed in his tone of voice. “What are we doing for dinner?”
“May I?” Sherlock asked, gesturing, and John nodded, and sniffed. Sherlock reached for him, and John turned toward him. “It’s nothing like what you can do--I freely admit this is not even my first attempt, but the only one with which I was satisfied--”
There came a knock on John’s door just after lunch (he’d woken late, had a wank, and on returning from the shower, shut the door to finish dressing and just never got around to opening it again). He checked his teeth in the small mirror over the mantel and skimmed fingers through is fringe, and was already smiling when he opened the door.
Sherlock hadn’t given John any details about the new case with which he was expected to assist, except a note slipped under his closed door sometime before he awoke, reading, “Walk outside for ten minutes, then come up to my flat at 6:15pm. Wear what you’d wear on a date. Not those ugly shoes.”
John sent the job application at last. Needed the job (or. . .? If he got paid for going out on the council-estate staged-suicide case with Sherlock, maybe not?). Did not want the job. Wanted a drink at two in the afternoon. Glanced up through his open door into the foyer at every creak or crack he heard. Despite having been repeatedly shut down enough to have given up trying with (quirky!) Sherlock, there was no law against looking. A face like that, of course you look. Heads turned wherever Sherlock went--the cafe, the things-for-the-home shop, taxi drivers, cops and bystanders at the crime scene. Even Sir Paul had tracked Sherlock with his eyes as he paced the room during their meeting.
“Hope they cleaned it,” John deadpanned. “Hey, did you have something to do with this? A cheque from the CPS?” He flicked it with his fingernail.
John was directed to exit the rink, the small crowd gathered on the rug for the ceremony leading and following him as he grinned and waved his thanks to the crowd, and Sherlock skated out the visitors’ door to meet him as he reached the Hamilton bench. The Brawlers poured over the bench and gathered around him—their former captain, too—to pat his shoulders and back, bump his knuckles with their own.
“I’m notoriously discreet.”
“It’s all right. This was handled all wrong. That solicitor has no idea the hurricane he will shortly face, having misinterpreted and then misrepresented my intentions.”
“For the upstairs bedroom. Your flat has no kitchen or bath, and it’s damp. We would both save on rent.”
“Fifteen.”
“Ah. Good.”
“I’ve a better idea,” he said, and lifted himself away from the desk, turned, and shoved John backward. Once John was arranged to Sherlock’s liking on the sofa, trousers around his ankles, shoulders back and hips forward, and Sherlock had fished packets of slippery from the hip pocket of his own, left-behind trousers, Sherlock knelt wide across John’s lap and held him fast, slid down on him. They both groaned. John used the strength of his grip to help bolster Sherlock’s motion; every muscle in his thighs and belly strained to raise and lower him.
“Sunday,” Sherlock said, asserting in the single word his adamant need to escape. “We leave Sunday.”
“Undo all his buttons,” Sherlock murmured, nodding agreement.
Sherlock said nothing, only stood watching George fumble around in his bed.
“You said that, not me,” John smiled and started searching, then filing songs into a playlist. “Anyway, unless it doesn’t suit you, you could think about doing a signature cocktail, maybe. Something from back in the day. Sidecar. Old-fashioned. Harvey Wallbanger.”
Sherlock dipped into a messy blend of memory and fantasy, breathed in a long slow sensation of crass hands clutching at his hip. A rain of casually cruel—or at least carelessly indifferent—fuck-talk spilled through his brain as he shushed out a breath that went on forever. He wanted to be empty. Once the breath was gone, he refused entry to another for as long as he could. Imagined teeth scraping his throat, from behind, his hair yanked and held, tipping his head to make space. His next inhalation was a gasp.
“Not for those tiny doll feet,” Sherlock teased.
“Has he called the police?” John asked automatically.
“Dadda, don’t!” she whinged. “Don’t say it like you don’t believe me.”
“You’re all right?”
“Don’t be ridiculous. Haven’t seen you in almost a week. You think I want to waste even an hour?”
“They won’t tell me what they’re thinking, but yes, probably flu.”
John instantly thought of his conclusion that he and Sherlock had the common currency of sexual intimacy, which seemed rather the wrong answer to the question being posed, so instead related his epiphany about the value of feeling they were parenting as a team, and about how the two had often connected through sharing Sherlock’s work. He tripped over his thumbs somewhat, trying to describe working with Sherlock without giving them away as the mildly famous Detective And His Blogger.
“Who is ‘they’?” he prompted.
“Good night, John.”
There hadn’t been much to move. His pillow, his army-issue duffel with four changes of clothes and two pairs of shoes, two rucksacks with his shave kit, laptop, a couple of books and brushes for teeth and hair. The flat was comically tiny, but the landlady claimed it had recently been wallpapered and carpeted, even the fireplace cleaned and ready to use, should he wish to. There was one of those narrow beds that passed for a sofa, a low chest of drawers, a table he could sit at to eat or work, and an armchair with a decent reading lamp behind it. One window, facing the street. He’d share the bath and kitchen down the hall with the landlady herself. She made it clear she was not his housekeeper and would not clean up after him.
Sherlock let himself grin, just a bit, for a fleeting half-second, then tapped his reply.
“Granted. Miss Hooper, if you please.” It was Sherlock’s way of demanding housekeeper Molly quiet the maids so the meal could begin in peace.
.), Rosie had drifted and shifted away to find less troublesome scenarios, toys and the telly, and then later a trip to the park. She asked Sherlock to take her.
John looked over at Rosie, asleep in the bed in its little alcove, from his dim-lit station on the sofa. As he readied himself for bed—chastising himself for the earliness of the hour, half-nine, like a kid—he thought about the idea of
Sherlock dampened his fingertips and went after a few waving locks that wanted taming, plucking and shaping in front of the bathroom mirror.
“Well, this has been just fantastic,” he said, rubbing his hands together. “Thank you for having me. Can I help clean up a bit?” An offer to pack away the leavings was good evidence he was in no hurry to depart Sherlock’s company.
“You do always give her too much. Then there’s not enough for me.” John was joking when once he would have been scolding. Good mood—why? Sherlock checked for indications of John recently having had sex, or even a date, found none, deduced no further. Eyes red at the edges and puffy; vertical creases between his eyebrows unusually prominent. Poor sleep. Nightmares.
“What have they said?”
She made a show of protesting but ultimately agreed. Having taken her tablet with her, they both knew no matter what the physical outcome, she’d linger a while, giving them room to talk without searching for euphemisms or quick-spelling longer synonyms of the words they’d otherwise say aloud.
“We’ll have to wait and see,” the judge told her, her eyes shining. “Do you know why your parents have brought you here today?”
“Dinner?” John inquired then; it was nearly seven.
“A holiday, in fact,” Sherlock reported. “Vermont. The Green Mountains. I don’t report to training camp for another three weeks.”
John was not deterred. “It puts her at risk, whether you admit it or not,” he went on, through tight teeth. “If I don’t—” A quick swallow while he checked in with himself one last time before spitting out the words. “I’ve tried—for years I’ve tried to get through to you—but, if I don’t take Rosie away from you, Sherlock, sooner or later they’re going to take her from me.” He raised his shoulders and shook his head; a universal gesture of helpless resignation.
JW: You will pray never to have read it, once you’ve finished.
“We’d better be off,” Sherlock announced, not entirely trusting the time shown on his wristwatch. “Have you finished?”
“It’s not a kindness. I resent her having settled for making a project of me instead of doing something for herself.”
“I thought you needed it, too,” Sherlock said, “Frankly, I don’t understand how you cope without it.”
he texted, barely able to string words together in his brain, let alone pass it off in text as casual dismissal of a grammatical quirk.
Mentally replaying his nearly thirty minutes in goal, Sherlock recognised he’d been caught with his hand in his pants a couple times, his concentration lacking. He just hadn’t checked in, right from the start, and once he fell into the groove of attending less than a hundred percent, he just couldn’t bring himself back to center. Easily save-able goals should not get by Sherlock Holmes, when he was playing his game. He needed more sleep the night before a game. He needed to eat a lighter meal. He needed to sit in a corner somewhere with his face to the wall, close his eyes, and gather himself.
“All right. It wasn’t so bad talking to the kids, taking the photos and that,” he admitted. “They were so excited.”
So thoroughly pleased it felt like the mildest of mild highs, Sherlock contended with a sort of celebratory restlessness. He spent nearly an hour dressing and arranging himself to decent effect: linen trousers bought specifically for the island holiday, and a pale blue button-down with short sleeves displaying his muscular arms to good effect. Soft leather loafers without socks. Satisfied he cut an appealing figure, Sherlock went for a wander, telling himself he’d find a quiet place to have a drink.
“Is it a dinner? Drinks?”
with a quick, soft sigh and a
“Hi,” John said, feeling it was the safe way to go, until he got the lay of the land, to keep his commentary minimal.
Sherlock considered finishing the wine they’d opened earlier, passing the bottle back and forth while they reclined on the bed, crashing from game-time adrenaline into the soft billow of post-orgasmic bliss, the TV tuned to the final period of a Seattle/Sacramento game. But to get to the bottle he’d have to cross the room, and he had already told himself he’d stay in bed and wait for sleep to circle back and find him. His mind drifted about in memories of games against the Gold Rush, and against the Aeros, and the hotel in Seattle with its nearly-always foggy view of not-much out even the highest windows, and about how in love the city was with beer, which was stupid, and with dogs, which was fine, but he’d once seen a St Bernard brush its slobbery jowls against fresh produce in a supermarket and thought a line had most certainly been crossed. Streets in need of repair, and he always forgot about the bicycle lanes and risked death with every street crossing. Architecture leaving much to be desired.
“Then maybe I will be.” He smiled down at the tray he was gathering refuse onto, not at Sherlock, but the smirky grin remained, even as he finished his task and started to leave. “Enjoy your tea, Mr Watson,” he called breezily. John stirred at the sound of his name, scrubbing at his eyes and then rubbing his neck.
It wasn’t like him not to notice an incoming body, even one walking silently on soft-soled, expensive shoes, even--or perhaps especially--one approaching him from behind. And yet he’d been distracted enough that when he turned, his bent elbow caught on someone’s rising forearm, he squeezed the cup too hard in an effort to save it, the top flew off, and the foamy, milky coffee arced up and splashed down, soaking them both.
Alex George had invited Sherlock for dinner with him and a few of the younger players, only barely disguising his hope Sherlock would refuse. The veteran players thought Sherlock weird, but were accustomed to it; the newer guys found it easier to avoid him rather than try to engage with him off-ice. All of it was fine with Sherlock; he had been without friends for the best part of his thirty-one years and didn’t see a need to acquire them. True though that was, he found himself at loose ends in a hotel suite on a free evening, without John. Flipping through television channels, lying on his bed with the empty room service tray beside him, Sherlock found himself wishing for John’s company—intimate, of course, but to his own slight shock, otherwise as well.
“The missus made me quit,” Lestrade replied apologetically. “Consider yourself lectured about smoking.”
JW: No worries. I hope you get a million hits and a million-dollar multimedia deal.
“Yeah, he has a hard time seeing those,” John agreed.
Still lingering on the mattress edge, before John had even set his feet on the floor, his attention was caught by gentle, gliding music from. . .somewhere. His phone was dark and silent. Laptop closed and cold on the table. Was there a radio in the room he hadn’t noticed before? Under the bed?
“On fifty-eight shots,” Sherlock added.
“I feel fine. It’s warm in here.”
The pair of young women wriggled past them then, bubbling laughter at some shared amusement. The song changed, more beats per minute, a more frantic and colourful lightshow to match, and the atmosphere intensified. Sherlock dipped his fingers into Colin’s pocket, used the excuse of the invitation to brush his knuckles over a nipple as he swept inside to find whatever was being offered.
“Why, because your dad disapproves?”
Instead he headed up the stairs to 221B. The spill of light in the hallway told him Sherlock’s doors were open. Either the telly was on or Sherlock had visitors. Probably the telly. (There went the giveaway stair). Anyway, he’d soon find out.
“No, go on,” John encouraged, and he felt something flickering up inside his belly, a little flame of something that might be wonderful, but he didn’t want to rush.
“Sherlock,” he began, and hesitated, then smiled.
“Text him,” John suggested.
“And you?”
“Being with you has made me a better man. Makes me a better man every day. And I can’t tell you how I appreciate you.” Sherlock licked dry lips with a dry tongue. “And while I respect you far too much to do anything rash like marry you—”
“What can I do?”
a children!”
Sherlock finished for him, “You know—better than most—how difficult it is for children removed from even abusive or neglectful parents. They’d rather be with their own, no matter how bad the situation.”
“Not really,” John accused.
Fresh snow for you this morning. You always said it was your favourite way to see the world outside the window. There were little feathers of ice on my bedroom window panes this morning. Don’t know why I noticed them, but they were a . . . a little something. Bit special, I suppose. Pretty.
“You should sell it,” his father commanded. “Here a week in the summer—carrying that place must cost you a fortune.”
“Before I knew which way was up, I was naked, flat on my back, holding my knees while he licked my arsehole,” John told him, and his tongue darted in and out between his own lips, a nervous tic that drove Sherlock half-mad, and had done since the first time they’d spoken.
“Can we join you? Jordan told us this was where we’d find all the best people,” Sherlock said, tilting his face just so, working his best angles. A young-middle aged woman in a dotted necktie and dark-rimmed eyeglasses returned his smile and motioned for Sherlock and John to take two nearby chairs. They exchanged first names, and someone commented on Sherlock’s being unusual, inquired casually. There were introductions made to those immediately nearby—this one worked the front desk, that one was a host at the fine dining restaurant, another did something in an office somewhere, supervising something Sherlock could not be bothered to remember even a few seconds after it was said.
“Just another day at the office,” John suggested.
“I’ll be fine, John.”
Thirty minutes in a taxi saw John repeatedly checking his wristwatch while Rosie played the tiny cat game on Sherlock’s phone. Sherlock caught John’s eye and gave him a look intended to reassure. “You’re worried I’ll change my mind,” he joked mildly.
“Not particularly good nor particularly bad,” Sherlock replied.
“No need this early in the season to make a fuss about not getting enough starts. I’ve got over eight hundred starts, career-long. Missing a handful is nothing to—”
Sherlock’s orgasm was protracted and thrumming, low-frequency waves of throbbing pleasure ebbing outward from his center, then softly rippling back in. He listened as John closely followed, sounding frustrated and elated at once, then murmuring his name in that happy-sleepy way he sometimes did, sounding as if he couldn’t believe his luck. Sherlock’s cheeks warmed once more to hear it.
“No doubt because he was imagining you under your suit,” he corrected, and Sherlock sucked a breath of shock.
“Dwelling on it is only making me more tense,” Sherlock said, and the manner in which he felt it was significantly more intense than the words he used. All the attention to his failures was, to use the common parlance, freaking him out.
“Sherlock.”
“Change of plan.”
“I think it wouldn’t be pink and yellow if it was for you,” Rosie mused, then asked the judge, “Is it for him?”
“Because you asked her to!”
Sherlock felt his nosebridge crumple in a frown; he’d come from the practice arena freshly scrubbed but dressed casually in black jeans and a baggy white jumper with a large black X on the front. Caught off-guard by the casual insult, he was unable to quickly assemble a clever reply, about how he thought his relative youth was what Steven fancied about him, or the exorbitant price he’d paid for the designer clothes, or. . .anything at all.
She managed the bag, swaying slightly, and Mrs Hudson stepped aside for her to pass. As Rosie thumped up the stairs in her rubber galoshes, John heard her holler, “I’m home!” He cleared his throat to keep himself hearing whatever reply might come from the upstairs flat.
“Can we get candy canes?”
“I’m fine. Just a headache.” He grinned humourlessly. “Worry.”
“Not yet,” John joked grimly, wondering why he was going along with a line of discussion that was none of Sherlock’s business.
The flat looked like something out of a ladies’ magazine. Two Christmas trees, one in front of each window on the Baker Street side, decorated in shades of cream and antique gold--doves and bows, candles, gift boxes and glass baubles crusted with glitter--and the mantel draped in pine and topped with battery-operated candles that could pass for real. The big table John had first seen covered with towering stacks of flammable clutter was covered with an ancient-looking, delicate lace cloth over a deep green one. There were pine wreaths and ribbon swags on every wall, twinkling fairy lights in the trees giving a soft glow to the room. Low arrangements of blowsy off-white roses decorated the coffee table and the octagonal cabinet beside the big grey leather armchair.
John could barely contain laughter. “Brunch basket? Sure, why not? Bring on the brunch basket. Sherlock, put your card down.”
“Yes. I think that’s a very good suggestion.” He wiped his eyes again and lay the handkerchief down on the back of the red armchair, moved to take off his coat. “Just one to steady me, and I’ll be out of your hair.”
“You want to verify how clever you are.”
“I might be able to make it down for the Shock, on Saturday,” John volunteered. They were in bed, in the flat they now shared, with nearly an hour before either of them had to get up and ready himself to leave.
