Neither was he especially fond of metaphors, but sometimes they felt necessary. Like now.
They sat in silence as they drank the strong coffee, followed by port.
“If you’re making tea,” Sherlock said hopefully.
I took it from him. “Mistletoe,” I identified.
After all, waking up tied to a chair somewhere behind a cheesy grotto might be many things, but boring was not one of them. John tried to remember what had happened. He could recall Sherlock approaching him at the front of the line to whisper that he was going to follow the photographer at the end of the day.
“And I believe that being cheerful is a job requirement as well.”
It should not have surprised me that a man who professed no faith beyond his belief in rational scientific thought, could still speak knowledgeably on scripture. A distant memory came to mind. “When I was a child, our vicar spoke of angels as being genderless.”
The case itself had turned out to be as interesting as Holmes had hoped. The cunning killer was also a prolific jewel thief, an oddity that caught his attention. “Jewel thieves, Watson,” he had informed me during the train journey to Exeter, “generally avoid violence and are quite often charming gentlemen.”
John was frightened. But he was also grinning.
Mycroft snorted.
Lestrade looked at me.
The body was still dangling from the lamp post, although the specialists were hovering impatiently. “Quickly, Sherlock,” Lestrade was saying as I approached. “This sort of thing is apparently bad for business, as half-a-dozen merchants have told me already.”
Their first Christmas lunch at Simpson’s went well. Sherlock rattled on about mummies and flint knives and how he wished to do a ‘forensic exam’ on the mummy of Artemidorus the Younger. “I doubt the museum would approve,” Mycroft said, hiding a smile.
Finally, he sat back on his heels and stared at John. “Are you alright?” he asked hoarsely.
Where, indeed, I found a most satisfactory fire blazing away and by the time I had shed my wet garments and donned my dressing gown and Prince Albert slippers, there was a cheerful landlady bustling up the stairs with hot tea and some sandwiches. Roast beef and mustard. All of which was very nice, but there was one vital piece of home that was missing.
There was another pause.
There was something exciting about it as well. John didn’t want to die, of course, but this way to exit beat the way his grandfather had recently passed away, confined to his bed for months on end, in pain and confusion. Better, John thought, to go out quickly. Although, he realised, it would be better if there were some
And yet...and yet.
“Yes, you always are.” Once he was free, I wrapped my arms around him and held on.
Something about her reminded John of his Nana and he smiled back at her with equal warmth. “Oh, how I wish you could,” he said lightly. “I am trying to find a gift for the world’s most impossible man.”
Sherlock dropped onto the sofa and glowered. “Tedious,” he said. “As usual.”
When I carried the tray into the bedroom, Holmes was sitting up in the bed, propped in place by the pillows. I paused just inside the door, as ever struck by the sight of his unique beauty, which age has only refined. His curls were no less lush, although now touched with silver and at the moment tousled from sleep; his eyes were still so filled with lively curiosity and burning intelligence. I never tire of the image.
Sherlock wrapped an arm around John and pulled him closer. “I do owe you a rather large thank you, however.”
I want this adventure that is the
Mrs Hudson finished stacking dirty dishes in the sink and turned to go.
But not at the moment.
I suppose was the right word in this circumstance. Actually, I was a bit surprised that his parents had picked such a fancy place; they seemed too down-to-earth. More the type to have dinner in a cosy country pub, in front of the fire.
That life was so comfortable in our little cottage, the days filled with only those things that pleased us—the bees and his magnum opus on crime for Holmes, the garden and my own scribblings for me—that we felt no need to venture back to the Smoke, excepting for something either quite necessary or quite desirable.
Sherlock only nodded and stepped inside.
But first things first.
But at dawn, Lestrade had called, yammering about a body at the Royal Pavillon in Brighton and they were off.
Cheerful people can be quite annoying sometimes, but I said nothing, because Mrs Hudson was a treasure; women like her were the backbone of the Empire. And she did make a nice sandwich. I ate the second one and finished the tea, but there was still no sign of Watson.
The landlord brought me my second ale.
But the shouting in those cases was probably
I was not sure that I even believed in destiny, but I merely hummed in response. A sudden impulse took me and I bent my head to nuzzle a bit at his neck. His scent, with which I was quite familiar, was more concentrated here. Tea and soap and wool. A bit of the Rowlands’ Kolydor he liked to splash on after a shave. And a whisper of the Macassar Oil he used sparingly on his hair. An olfactory catalogue of John Watson.
I stared at Sherlock, who had finished his sandwich and was making another. He would not be interested in eating again for three days. “You had to do that, did you?”
Mycroft lifted a brow at him, clearly expecting a reply.
It worked for about five minutes and then Sherlock fixed him with a stare. “What are we going to do in London?” he asked, licking at the icing on his upper lip.
Fool me once...
with a thousand memories
The small [no more than about 28 by 35cm] oil painting was in a simple, clearly antique wooden frame. Sherlock stepped closer for better look at the image. The fair-haired man on the canvas was wearing the lobster red coat of the British army. It, as well as the previously white shirt and black trousers, was filthy and blood-stained. His face was also streaked with blood that had been smeared by sweat, but his eyes stared forward without evasion or guile. It was a gaze that Sherlock recognised. The soldier wore a canvas satchel draped across his chest and carried a pistol in one hand.
Holmes did not return.
John sighed as his fingers sifted through a pile of cuff links and tie pins. Sherlock hated ties and already owned several pairs of very nice cuff links. Then his eye was caught by something glittering under the tat and he paused. He poked through the pile and saw a ring sitting at the very bottom. Admittedly, he was no expert on jewellery, but the ring did not seem to belong with the rest of the mediocre pieces on the table. It was heavy, certainly looked and felt like real silver and the blue gem [sapphire?] glittered even more brightly after a quick polish on the front of his coat.
He reached beneath the bar and pulled out a small lantern. “Then at least use this, sir. Go to the top of the road and make a turn leftwards.”
I had no idea how long the song lasted, but as the final notes faded away, Sherlock replaced the violin in its case, not looking at me. I finally stood and went to him, wrapping both arms around his slender body. “Thank you,” I whispered. “That was the most wonderful gift I have ever received.”
Across the bottom of the frame, in faded gold script, were the words
Watson gave a soft laugh. “Perhaps destiny intended it so.”
Nothing seemed right, nothing shouted
“Well, I have no complaints thus far,” Sherlock commented.
It was not until the pudding [Sherlock and I shared the Tipsy Cake and his parents the British cheese tray, while Mycroft had something called Sambocade] that the conversation took on a more personal tone. It was when Mycroft lifted his brandy in a toast. “As usual, to dear Grand-mere, in memory of so many happy Christmas Eves.”
There was a pause.
After all this time, he should have known immediately that I meant the case, but John Watson still has a rather touching belief in the idea that I contain a better nature buried deep inside the dubious character the world sees. Which is doubtful. At any rate, whatever good might possibly exist within me is due only to the fact that John is in my life. He keeps me right. The world, however, does not need to know that. I hope he does.
And now, in Marks and Spencer at Christmas, Mary had just kissed that same face.
It was then he heard the voice.
He was almost out of the market when something caught his eye.
And  now, here he was in M&S, trying to stir up some holiday spirit despite the cacophony of the frantic crowd and the unrelenting carols blasting over the sound system.
But the fact that I relaxed after breakfast [because I worked to justify his loose lips by agreeing that it was probably a good idea that the woman who was in and out of our place all the time knew] marks me as an idiot indeed. But relax I did.
The lunch went downhill from there.
I wondered if we might actually have a conversation this evening. I was a man who had always been able to express myself most volubly on any subject. Even as a small boy, according to Mycroft. But speaking of my feelings for John Watson seems beyond me. They matter too much.
“No bloody way.”
Sherlock scowled at him, fighting the temptation to crawl back into the bed. “You’re a terrible flatmate.”
It was signed by Mycroft’s faithful valet, Bailey.
It sounded good in French, he thought.
“I know I promised to be back,” Sherlock said.
“Ah.” Holmes smiled slightly. “Then I suppose we are obligated to observe the tradition.”
It was his Talking with Mycroft voice, although the fact that Sherlock had actually placed the call was unusual. I should gone for my milk, but instead I just stood there, silent and curious.
“I hate him, too. But not as much as you.” John finished cleaning his shoes, washed his hands, and turned to glare at Sherlock. “Do you think he’s an elf killer?”
Henry just grunted. “Cold out there,” he said after a moment.
that? Probably not, if he were being honest.  John knew the man he loved very well and in some ways it was reassuring that Sherlock remained as mercurial and ridiculous as ever.
He reached out to pluck a piece of stray greenery from my trousers. “A souvenir from the market,” he said.
Or so I assumed. With his usual and extremely irritating habit of secrecy, he refused to tell me the details until “all the pieces are in place, John.” The use of my Christian name  was meant to disarm my anger at the idea of him going off on his own. Again. It did not work, but I said no more, not desiring to waste my breath.
another gate.
“How romantic,” John said.
After thirty more minutes, the shift finally ended. John headed for the changing room, turning his phone back on in case Sherlock tried to reach him. Otherwise, he was for home and some tea. With luck, Sherlock might even solve the case tonight. John glanced at his phone again and frowned. If things got dicey, he hoped the idiot would text.
John had clearly fallen asleep while reading one of his dreadful mystery paperbacks; the book was resting on his stomach. Sherlock plucked it off and set it aside, before slipping into bed beside him. John mumbled something and moved closer so that they were in contact along the length of their bodies.
We had not expected to be in London on Christmas Day.
“And instead of words?”
Beautiful, unanswerable questions.
Love is a dangerous angel.
Mycroft was bemused and annoyed to be sweating on Christmas Eve.
It must be said, however, that seeing the once powerful and indomitable Mycroft Holmes laid so low, facing the inevitable, was sobering indeed.
He could almost hear his sister’s voice, her words slightly slurred, as usual. “Always looking for the bloody cheap thrill, aren’t you? Looking for the danger. Someday it will catch up to you, Johnny boy.”
“Never mind,” John said softly. “You’ll get here and it will still be Christmas.”
His hand: small, but strong, a surgeon’s hand, although he no longer practised that art. A soldier’s hands, slightly calloused, although these days he served only one selfish consulting detective rather than an Empire. I let my fingertips move over his hand, committing each centimeter to memory. If called upon, I could draw an accurate representation of it.
His reaction caught the attention of the woman at the counter. “Found something, did you?” she asked, sounding as if she already knew the answer.
Feeling a bit unnecessary, I decided to step outside the room and have a pipe. First, I walked to the bed. “You do not look nearly as peaky as I expected,” I said; it was only a little lie.
Holmes tightened the scarf around his neck against the increasing chill. Then he reached out and did the same for me. I did not mention it, but did give him a small smile. “In actuality, scripture is filled with male angels,” he continued as if there had been no interruption. “Raphael. Michael. Gabriel. Additionally, in both Greek and Latin, the word ‘angel’ is always used in the masculine form.”
context of my life to go on
The bells of Ghent would ring.
Even Lestrade, not especially noted for his perspicacity, noticed John’s disgruntled expression and made a passing comment. “You are frowning like old Scrooge himself,” he said when John had stomped his feet yet again, while muttering something inaudible.
felt as if the very air around him was somehow charged. It was exciting, dammit.
Trust me when I say that the details of the case which found us lurking amongst the graves are entirely too dull to repeat here and that made me feel the cold even more. Briefly, I amused myself wondering what had snatched poor Hale from his life at only forty-one. But the possibilities were too numerous, so soon I found myself instead staring upwards at the marble angel, its surface stained and darkened with the years. “What are your thoughts on angels?” I asked Holmes idly.
“Mistletoe is not that poisonous,” John pointed out, making his first actual contribution to the case.
The lowest branch was easily within his reach and he pulled himself up on it.
“I look forward to it.”
Just the fact that he asked the question made Sherlock visibly relax a bit, no doubt assuming that by showing an interest John had as good as agreed to the plan. John wanted to say that his assumption was wrong, but couldn’t quite bring himself to do so. He tried to avoid hypocrisy whenever possible.
Oh, what fun it is...
Then, he found himself jumping from rooftop to rooftop and being bound up in an explosives belt, as well as being kidnapped too many times to count. And he loved every terrifying minute of it.
I was standing by the door, so could not really hear Mycroft’s soft reply, but I could pick up the words ‘plum pudding.’
“He is one of three suspects.”
My tone clearly indicated a desire to be left alone, so with the instinct of an excellent landlord, he only gave a nod and returned to the bar and a desultory conversation with the two commercial travellers who had found themselves stranded at the inn by the weather.
He turned around and through the throng of shoppers saw a familiar face, albeit one he had not seen in some time. One he’d never thought to see again, if he were being honest. Maybe even
“Yes, as a matter of fact, I do have something to say. But first, I want you to know that I am only telling you this because you would soon sniff it out anyway and it is
“Unless there is a murder,” Sherlock said wistfully, giving one final ruffle to his fringe.
to be bloody shot. Because up until the moment the bullet struck him, he’d been, well, not
Then he leaned close and I could tell from the look in his eyes that he was about to say something entirely inappropriate. “I do hope,” he whispered into my half-frozen ear, “that your more...hidden features are not terribly frost-nipped. I have plans for later.”
“Of course you did.”
No doubt it was merely one of my typical fancies that, on this occasion, the usual solemn tone seemed somehow celebratory. I tucked the thought away, perhaps to be shared with Holmes at some appropriate moment.
Mrs Hudson was already abed, but the ever-eager Billy offered his assistance. We assured him that there was nothing he needed to do and then climbed the stairs to our rooms. Still standing by the now-closed and locked door, we dispatched our overcoats and formal attire. Even our shoes and stockings were left on the pile.
Sherlock watched a couple across the room. Business executive and trophy wife. He had a cocaine habit and she had fake breasts. The pile of shopping bags were from only the most fashionable shops. They were arguing, quietly, but intensely. Sherlock didn’t want to argue with John. “I got you a gift,” he said.
I added some more hot water to the tub and began on my legs. Although slender, they served me well. Washing my thighs brought Watson’s legs to mind and I passed a pleasant interlude with those thoughts.
It was still snowing, even more briskly now, and the taxi driver loudly expressed his opinion over having to rush to the airport in such conditions. When the car slipped a bit and narrowly missed brushing against a bread delivery van, that was enough. “Perhaps,” Sherlock pointed out archly, “if you would concentrate more on the actual driving and less on complaining, we might all be better off.”
Also, the fancy shampoo and other expensive toiletries that filled their bathroom cabinet.
There was only a short pause before Mycroft heard the lift approaching; the doorman had been prepared in advance to admit the unsuitable guest immediately.
I noticed a group of carollers strolling along the pavement, but I could only faintly hear their singing. The rum I was drinking served to settle my nerves a bit, whenever I thought of the gift, the ring, that lay buried in my underwear drawer. Since the day I’d bought it, the damned thing had increased in significance in ways I did not truly understand. It was no longer just a Christmas gift; somehow it had become a promise.
“I will never be without you,” I said, the words surprising even myself.
him to pull out the lights and other ‘bits of tat.’ John smiled brightly. “Why don’t you go solve the elficide while I decorate the flat?”
Mary had been cheerful when John arrived for that meal, chattering about the menu and making a few light-hearted [yet somehow still pointed] comments about the interrupted proposal. When the waiter had delivered two glasses of sparkling white wine and taken their orders for a Caesar salad and a medium-well beef burger with cheddar and bacon, she lifted her glass as if toasting.
I lifted my head enough to plant a kiss on his lips. They were slightly dry from our evening spent in the cold. “And why are you so fortunate?”
We left everything much as it was at Rose Hill.
Sherlock had fallen asleep soon after they made love and was now snoring lightly. John pulled the blanket up over his bare chest, placed a feather-light kiss on his cheek and slipped from the bed.
It was dawn by the time he woke again.
most—“
I swallowed some whisky and then performed the familiar [and possibly comforting] ritual of lighting my best pipe. It was such a quiet night that the sound of the Bryant and May strike anywhere match being struck seemed loud in the room. Snow outside was muffling whatever middle of the night passing traffic there might be on Baker Street. Everyone else in the household was lost to Morpheus, it seemed. Even Watson, whom I knew from long co-habitation, to often be a restless sleeper, was silent on this night. No thrashing or moans emanated from my bedroom.
I held him more tightly and we watched the last stars fade from the sky as Christmas Day began to arrive in London.
Holmes did not seem the least bothered by the cold or the darkness, which was diminished only by a pale winter moon. We could just see the entrance to the mausoleum that belonged to our client’s family. Old blood. Old money. And, as Holmes put it, all the eccentricities that so often featured in that milieu. I blamed too much inner breeding amongst the upper class.
The last time he had felt so ridiculous had been at uni when the girl he was dating insisted that they were going to a fancy dress party in drag. She wore a tuxedo and top hat, while he was in a slinky red gown and a blonde wig. At the time, it had made him reconsider the relationship.
By the time I had changed my shirt and called the surgery where I worked off and on to see if they needed me for the day [they did not], the event at breakfast had faded. And there was a case!
I managed not to choke on the swallow of eggnog.
-Anonymous
What followed wasn’t exactly wild sex, but it was the best snogging session I had ever had. When it was over,  we fell asleep right there on the. sofa.
The elderly lady sitting on a high stool behind the counter looked up from her book with a warm smile. “Good afternoon,” she said. “May I help you?”
I do wonder what either of those worthies would think of the particular way I have of dealing with my own memories. Namely, the rooms in my brain where I store such things. Some of the rooms are locked up tightly and I never open them. Other rooms hold those facts that help me with the Work. Sometimes those memories stay there permanently, but other times I find they are no longer of use and so can be discarded. It would not do for the attics to become overly cluttered.
Pudding and custard. Not a peace offering, exactly. Just something one did for a partner. Even one who was a giant cock sometimes.
My gazed wandered upwards again as well. Beneath the dirt and the discolouration, the face was indeed lovely. Kind.
He headed for the bedroom, finally, while I texted Lestrade for details.
The spirit of the holiday continued as Sherlock helped me clean up and then even offered to make the tea. Despite the meal we’d just eaten, we still managed to nibble some biscuits and make half-hearted snarky comments about the film. I had never been happier in my life and that was what made me decide that now was the moment. But before I could get to my feet and go to fetch the gift, Sherlock stood. He picked up the violin and went to stand by the window.
“Just sleep?” I said, feeling some unexpected courage.
Skipping my nether parts for the moment, I washed my arms and chest, whilst my treacherous brain wandered about the subject of one John Watson. And his body.
It was only a few minutes later, although it seemed much longer, that I saw the lights of a house ahead of me. Rose Hill. I knew, somehow, that Holmes was in there and that he was alive. If he were not, I was convinced that my heart would know. And how he would mock me for the sentiment.
“It’s a tradition,” Mycroft said.
“And did you believe her?” Holmes sounded sincerely curious.
“Text me if you need help,” John said, aware that Father Christmas was glaring at him for holding up the line.
He blinked at me in surprise and then grinned.
Even so, he sighed.
“I will give you a choice,” Mycroft said expansively. “British Museum or Natural History Museum.” He leaned forward. “Mummies or dinosaurs?”
[It is a bad habit to wander down such discursive paths. That I was doing so now was an indication of the tumult ruling my brain.]
It was a slow journey, even as the storm diminished, and a silent one as well. Sometimes words were unnecessary between us and on those occasions the silence itself spoke volumes. This was one of those times.
He wanted to know the story behind the inscription, wanted to know who S and J were. Had been. More than a century ago.
None of the obvious things, of course.
The ascent was making love for much of the night, still learning to touch and be touched, still learning to trust and be trusted in such intimacy, before falling asleep wrapped together.
Instead, I went to stand at the window of our room and looked out. “It is starting to snow,” I pointed out sullenly. “The porter told me it is expected to be quite bad tonight.”
“Humph.”
“No, thank you,” Sherlock said, grinning as he managed to catch the attention of a passing black cab. “I have given up wearing ties.”
Apparently, Mary thought it was to give him a hug and a kiss on the cheek. “John Watson Christmas shopping? What has the world come to?”
Somehow we both shifted just enough that our bodies pressed together. Shoulders. Hips. Thighs. I thought we fit together quite well. Apparently, proximity served to loosen my tongue, because I said as much aloud.
From somewhere nearby, I heard the mournful whistle of a train. The sound went on for a very long time and I realised that the journey must be a slow one because of the storm. The passengers would be happy to finally reach their destination, wherever it was.
Admittedly, Mycroft himself had also often been bored at Eton, mostly by the dullness of the other pupils, but he managed to find ways to compensate. Not Sherlock, it seemed. Unless...  “Did you really blow-up the chemistry lab?” Mycroft asked.
“It is rather a shame that no one will ever know it was Wilkins the jewel  thief who brought down the famous Sherlock Holmes. How ignominious for the great detective.”
a shawl...it warmed your heart with
I did not say anything.
at him. Nothing wonderful and important, like the ring that was on his finger right now, his gift from John last Christmas Eve.
It seemed almost too convenient that his phone sounded just then. He quickly excused himself and left the table. I wondered if this was the murder that would spoil my plans.
She reached under the counter and brought out a small box. “Then he must have it.”
He enjoyed himself.
The usual pleasantries were exchanged and then Mary said, “I am absolutely parched. Shall we sit for a natter and some tea?”
“Liszt’s Christmas Tree Suite.”
“Not a great believer in coincidence myself,” the woman said. She held the ring out. “If it was in the 5£ pile, I am obligated to charge you that.”
John was so aggravated by the conversation that he had forgotten to put a tea bag into his cup, so when he turned back to the counter, ready to add milk, all the cup held was plain water. He swore under his breath and started all over again.
-Burns, R. [loose translation]
But I was still missing Watson.
“Needs must,” I replied. “I intend to make for Rose Hill.”
After a lifetime together, perhaps I would be made up of nothing but the memories I had collected of John Watson. Which seemed an excellent notion
We kissed. For a very long time we kissed. Already his mouth had become a familiar haven and it seemed I was only willing to pull back when breathing became necessary.
To prevent unpleasantness, I stepped in. “Holmes is quite sure on this,” I said sternly. “History would seem to indicate that you should listen to him.”
John stopped the nuzzling. “Let me correct that. I can do whatever we both like with you.”
“Come, Holmes,” I chided him lightly. “Is there any subject upon which you do not have thoughts?”
That sounded good, but I paused, sipping my drink. Mrs Hudson really did have a heavy hand with the rum. “Is it really ‘splashing out’ when he won’t charge you?”
“Glad to hear it.”
without end.
I think we both felt a pang of missing our quiet village. Oh, most certainly, we were no longer those dare-devilling young men who met in the bowels of St Bartholomew’s and craved adventure. Now we could be wistful for quiet lanes and silence in which to contemplate. And the solitude in which to touch one another.
He frowned, but somehow I knew that he didn’t mean it. Sherlock was actually quite fond of his parents. And even of his dreadful brother. But, somehow, where family was concerned, he reverted to toddler status. Well, honestly, not only when family was concerned.
to it all. Saving the world or something. Dying like this would mean nothing.
It warmed your heart with a melody
“Oh, I would love to,” he lied. “But I still have some shopping to do and Sherlock will be expecting me home for lunch.” John smiled. “I promised him sticky toffee pudding.” Well, not exactly, but no Holmes he knew would ever turn down pudding and custard.
“The Hebrews put great store in the idea of Guardian Angels,” Holmes continued after a moment.
I picked up both our empty plates and took them to the sink. “You got that rather wrong, then, didn’t you?.” I turned around to look at him.  “It’s your family, Sherlock. Dinner at Christmas time is not such a big thing to ask.”
When his gaze reached Sherlock’s face, their eyes met. Mycroft could tell that his brother was not high. At the moment. “Come in,” he said. “Lunch is waiting.”
Mycroft swallowed the last of the fruitcake before answering. “Surviving. Perhaps...perhaps beginning to think about living.”
Very well. I would have a bath.
John had finished all of his Christmas shopping, with one notable exception.
My leaden legs and feet took me to the ground floor window from which the light was emerging. Despite the hour and the weather, no one had bothered to draw the drapery. Somehow, frozen and clumsy as I was, I still managed to be subtle and, using a convenient snow-covered bush, positioned myself so that I could see into the room and yet remain hidden.
himself, but he
He drained the last of the whisky from his glass and set it, empty, on the mantle.  Turned off all the lights, but the ones on the Christmas tree, just because he liked the thought of them illuminating the night. Then, he left the sitting room and went to stand in front of the closed door.
“Come along, John,” I said briskly. “Don’t we have a dull holiday do or something to attend?”
Sherlock put on his Eternally Patient face. He must really want the tea. “John,” he said, drawing himself up to his tallest. “Really, of the two of us which one is the
“Ha. I am merely unsociable, whilst he is the most unconvivial man in London. But if I do not turn up occasionally, he will only go and complain to Mummy.” Watson only smiled at me knowingly. I scowled.
knocked it down and then
context of my life to go on without
I am incapable of conceiving infinity,
His brother only gave a sniff in response.
Realising that he was not far from the Brocante des Abbesses, Sherlock quickened his steps and hurried through the increasingly heavy snowfall. Once arrived, he bought himself a cup of hot chocolate and began to wander through the crowd.
But every rollercoaster descended as well. That was the time when it seemed as if everything were out of control and all you could do was hang on, hoping not to go flying out arse over heels. Hope not to hit the ground.
Sherlock rolled over and wrapped both arms around him. “I think we should buy a cottage,” he said. “And I want to raise bees.”
The job was pretty much as Sherlock had described it. Save for the brats dripping snot or sticky with god-knew-what. The ones who were not happy to be taken off to meet a strange man with an unsettling ho-ho-ho and beady black eyes and so kicked the elf who was taking them there. Or the twins so overcome with excitement that both of them upchucked on his pointy shoes. Luckily, it was time for Father Christmas to have his break, so John was able to go away and clean himself.
Kenny almost missed a sharp turn and the car seemed to totter on two wheels for a moment.
It began, of course, with Mrs Hudson.
I could see the plodding train of his thoughts moving across his face and so I knew the very moment he made the wrong choice. My gaze met Holmes’ eyes and, in the next instant, his boot was moving, smashing onto the top of his captor’s foot. The knife slashed, but Holmes had already moved and so the blade moved harmlessly through the air.
-de Beauvoir, S.
Mrs Hudson, as always, supplied the answer to my [regrettably somewhat tetchy] query. “Oh, Dr Watson had a telegram from an old acquaintance, a Doctor Henry. The poor man fell ill and needed someone to take over his surgery for the day. You know our Watson; he immediately departed for Brick Lane.”
Then I bent over the body and did a real examination, at least as best I could, given the wrapping paper and the wet snow. Finally, a picture began to emerge and it was nowhere near an eight. I could have solved this at home in my dressing gown. With a sigh, I stepped back, quickly removing the gloves and replacing them with my own leather ones. “I suggest you talk to the brother.”
He gave me his charming smile.
The case of the Brighton Butcher had kept them running for a fortnight. It was the most exciting case they’d had since Sherlock’s return. John felt as if chasing the serial killer through the tourist haunts on the coast was the most fun he’d had in years. At the same time, he was also aware that the whole thing had kept them from something else. The case began the very day after their walk under the stars, which had seemed to John like a beginning. Of something.
He was reconsidering his entire life.
“Dung on a twig?” John murmured. “Really?”
“Well, he is not gone yet.”
...the weary soul rejoices.
“Well, they are all idiots, so probably.” I left off my research and scooted up beside him.
After a time, I took up the cloth and began to wash, starting at my feet.
John glanced at the still-waiting sales clerk. Definitely bored. “I’ll have the one with the violets,” he said to her. “Wrap it, please.” Then he turned back to Mary. “Everything,” he said. “Sherlock has promised me everything.”
Well, that was what he called himself anyway, as he flitted around the capitals of Europe, first seducing and then ripping off the wealthy gay clientele of exclusive private clubs. There was no way of knowing exactly how many men had been his victims, because undoubtedly many of them did not report the crimes. The loss of a Patel Philippe Henry Graves Supercomplication or a Bugatti Centodieci or a Pokemon Illustrator Card, all of which were certainly heavily insured, was apparently considered less a trial than being humiliated. Than being revealed as the mark for a clever conman.
“Loving.” The word came out after a pause. It was something he’d wished he could swallow and never let out, something he wanted to keep locked away and hidden in the core of his body, but he knew that wouldn’t be helpful. So, regretfully, he let the word slowly slide out of his mouth.
“Here, prop your hips up on this.” John said as he handed Sherlock a pillow from the head of his bed.
“Well, I think I’d like that.” Harry said, sounding hopeful. “Where?”
A groan ripped from his lips as he was almost completely swallowed into Sherlock’s warm mouth. “Sherlock, you’re killing me.”
But why?
It became far too much for John. Sherlock’s mouth was far too warm, there was too much suction, too many vibrations, and his fingers were too rough. His body fell apart. He threw his head back and grunted with every heaving exhale. His grunts became faster, a little chant to match the pace of his hips. He drew a final breath, and with a cry, it all came crashing down.
A hand reached around and grabbed onto the base of Sherlock’s cock, slowly moving, tugging at a neglected part of him.
He began to recall every important person and thing in his life. Molly, Lestrade, his parents, Mycroft, Mrs. Hudson, John, his work, his violin, his flat, and bees.
“Why?” John asked.
Sherlock never liked the idea of someone knowing him so intimately. But John did. Not only did he know Sherlock, but he showed off his knowledge by ordering takeaway ahead of time. Sherlock shouldn’t be happy about that, he should be uncomfortable. But he wasn’t.
The more he thought about it, the more John realized he didn't want anything to change. This is what he wanted. His life is perfect as it is. He wants to spend the rest of his days saving lives, hunting killers, living with Sherlock, and one day he wanted to treat all the wounds Sherlock will get from being stung by bees.
He stood up, "Yes."
John stopped him and pulled him close again. “Come on, I know that was intense for you. Rest, love.”
“But I quite like your mum.” John said, referencing the time he had met her.
He should have expected this. Of course John would be suspicious. Of course he would have questions. After his display in the sitting room, it would be strange if John didn’t question him.
"Then who is it you've found yourself thinking of. You aren't humming love songs for no reason."
Sherlock then took a moment to pause, a bit confused as this new piece of information conflicted with existing data about John. "I've never heard of you dating any men."
Sherlock gained a bit of confidence and his lips moved down to capture John’s bottom lip between his. He gave a gentle nip and John quickly pulled away.
He tried asking himself a different question. Was he willing to meet someone new, date a while, get to know them, live somewhere else, with someone else, get married, have a kid of his own or maybe adopt one if he married a man, wake up to someone else's face, eat his meals with someone else, and retire with someone else and spend their years getting old together?
Molly couldn’t help but to let out a laugh. “I’m so happy for you!”
Typically, Sherlock was very cold and analytical towards physical beauty. He could recognize it from a scientific standpoint in both masculine and feminine body types. But with John, he found himself pleased with the other’s appearance on a deeper level than what he was used to. He didn’t just recognize his beauty, his beauty excited him.
Sherlock let out a soft groan and his breathing picked up as he enjoyed John’s mouth. Those lips parted and traveled down his body. They explored his chest and gave his nipples a few experimental licks. An involuntary shiver ran through him and a hand reached up to spread his fingers through John’s hair, getting a light grip. He could feel the glee radiating off the shorter man from the reaction he got. He played with the nipple a bit longer before kissing down even further.
Rather than stretching out and riding out the pleasure like Sherlock did, John’s body had a very different reaction. He tugged at his arms and writhed around. Amongst his cries it was almost as if he was trying to escape the pleasure.
“Don’t feel guilty. That was long ago.” John reminded as he moved to get the lube. “I’d like to think a night with me might be worth the lube in your room.” Not to erase Sherlock’s struggle. But after all he’s been through, every decision he’s made has led up to this moment. He wanted it to be worth it.
So the third morning, when Sherlock spun him away from the kettle to kiss him, he leaned back in decline. His hips rested against against the counter and he quirked an eyebrow. “You’re doing it on purpose.” He accused.
John's eyes widened and his face went red. "I can't believe you would threaten me like that." A smirk twisted onto his face. "Stop or I'll shut you up."
Sherlock’s lips parted in shock and he couldn’t stop a small whimper from making it’s way out. “Y-You devil!” He had no idea how to respond to that.
John felt a shiver run through his own body. Those rolling hips made him freeze in a momentary shock. He was both amazed and proud at how Sherlock took what he wanted, but it also made him feel strangely used. As if he was only there for Sherlock’s pleasure, and that turned him on even more. His tongue was pumping in as fast and as deep as he could move in. He heard Sherlock’s voice get a bit more frantic as the pleasure seemed to build inside of him. He smirked to himself and pulled away.
He furrowed his eyebrows. “Are you suggesting that I tell John how I feel, and attempt to enter a relationship with him?”
“You didn’t cum.” Sherlock mumbled into John’s shirt. He tried to sit up so he could work on remedying the issue, but his muscles weren’t ready and struggled to get him up.
Sherlock scoffed, “John, I’ve told you my limitations. I can handle anything.”
Angelo also noticed and he smiled a bit wider than usual as he caught on to their tension. Angelo was a jolly and optimistic fellow, but he was no fool. He knew when two people liked each other and he saw the way Sherlock and John were looking at each other. Quick glances, soft smiles, hesitance, uncertainly, they were fools in love. But Angelo acted as if nothing was different from their usual visits. He gave his normal greeting and asked for their drink orders, offering up a bottle of red wine with a special discount just for them. He half expected them to decline, as per usual, but John was feeling ballsy.
“Found it.”
Occasionally he would catch Sherlock staring at him while he hummed, to which the detective would quickly look away. Even when he didn't catch Sherlock stare, he felt it. He enjoyed the feeling. He liked knowing he had Sherlock's attention and was making him happy. It made him happy.
He could hear the grin in Sherlock’s voice. He whimpered as he was slowly taken back inside of Sherlock’s mouth. It was the warm relief he needed. But his hips bucked when those fingers rubbed him again. “I’m sorry, fuck I’m sorry.” He said as he looked down to make sure he hadn’t bucked too much and choked Sherlock.
“Who?” The word was soft and small, almost weak.
"No, I was just wanting some pasta."
“Yes, I-“ He cut himself off a moment. He was always a bit surprised when people knew it was him before he introduced himself. But he was slowly becoming used to the fact that he did have friends who saved his phone number. “I need your help.”
"I am."
John gave a soft smile and pressed their bodies together again. “Alright then.” He set his hands on Sherlock’s waist, gentle and warm. “Any preference?” Now his deep blue eyes were twinkling with an excitement that Sherlock only ever saw after snogging John silly.
“He’s trying to lose weight.” Sherlock commented just to get under his brother’s skin.
Sherlock groaned and twisted, throwing his own hips back in an eager frenzy. It hardly fazed him to take the tongue in deeper. He let out a few whines at the pleasure.
John watched him go before taking a deep breath. He couldn’t believe he’d just come out to his own best friend, when he didn’t even realize he wasn’t in the closet. He stood up and went to make himself some tea.
John let out a cough to hide the giddy chuckle that wanted to come out. A larger smile forced it's way onto his face and his cheeks went pink. "Sherlock, really?"
“Prove it?!” He couldn’t believe what he was hearing. “Sherlock, you don’t want to do this.”
“I will kill you with a breadstick, I swear it.”
There wasn’t much of a change until a case came up. Lestrade was caught up with a killer who’d stabbed three seemingly random people in the past two days, and he worried the killer was only gaining momentum. Although he typically only called Sherlock for sophisticated serial killers, this was something he wanted to end asap, and he knew he only had a few hours before another body would turn up.
John had the audacity to let out a laugh. “Your dominance?!” He laughed out the words as if they were hilarious to him. “Sherlo- Oh fuck!” He let out another laugh, unable to finish his statement. “Sherlock, love, you are not the one in charge here.”
John raised an eyebrow, both amused and pleased. “Pardon?”
Sherlock was taken aback. “Really?” He didn’t think he actually looked that good in the shirt. His boasting about his appearance was mostly done with the intention of making John laugh, which it did.
“I actually called, not only to tell you that, but also because he wants to meet you.” The sentence came out awkward, as if John wasn’t sure of what he was trying to say. “We wanted to know if you were free tonight, for dinner?”
His cries strengthened and turned into a broken shout. Mewls followed as his body gave in to Sherlock’s touches and trembled. He sobbed out his little noises, desperately trying to cope through his orgasm. He felt the last of himself spill into Sherlock’s mouth and whimpered when his lover pulled away.
"When our truth is burned from history. By those who figure justice in fond memory, witness me. Like fire weeping from a cedar tree. Know that my love would burn with me, or live eternally. 'Cause there's no better love. That beckons above me, there's no better love. That ever has loved me, there's no better love. So darling, feel better love." Short runs littered John's song, each one making Sherlock fall deeper and deeper into his trance. John didn't even know it but in this moment he completely owned Sherlock. He silenced the mind of a genius and forced him to the mercy of his still body. Sherlock felt everything. Every thrill, hair on end, shiver, his skin crawling from him and yearning for the other, he was helpless to the things John's voice did to him.
He raised an eyebrow. “You can’t deduce it?”
An involuntary shiver ran up Sherlock’s spine as the pointed tip of John’s tongue flicked over his entrance. An open mouth pressed against his skin, covering his hole. His hips jerked without willing them to. He was suddenly reminded of why he didn’t care for sex. He couldn’t think. He was forced out of his head and at the mercy of a body that didn’t listen to him, it listened to John. John’s pleasure is what moved him. That’s also why he was so eager for this. He didn’t care if he lost control, so long as he was with John, he was safe and comfortable.
Then he realized his heart was beating faster. He blinked and brought his hands together, subtly taking his own pulse. A minute later and he found it to be above average. Was he anxious? Worried? Stressed? No. It wasn’t any of that. Was it excitement? Yes. He realized he was excited. Excited about whatever it was that he had to do. But what did he have to do what was so positive?
“Nice. You’ve added assault to your list of charges.” He was entirely unamused.
John covered his face while Harry nodded, “Of course! You’re intelligence charmed him, still does. What else was it?” She asked John, expecting no reply, “That he’s the definition of tall, dark, and handsome? Oh, and that he looks so adorable doing experiments.”
He held back any signs of his surprise and felt as if he’d been slapped in the face. “You aren’t currently dating anyone, yes? From what I recall, Avery was your last relationship, ended four months ago.”
Sherlock looked dumbfounded at such a blatant complement. It wasn’t the kind he was used to hearing from John, but he wasn’t backing down just yet. Neither of them wanted to be the coy one.
Sherlock shifted in his seat. He wanted to avoid the truth but he knew he needed to be honest. He wished the truth was easier, but his heart prevented that. “It all feels very intimate and I suppose I don’t know how to handle that.” Sherlock was a man who could easily manipulate most social settings in his favor. But he didn’t want to do that with John. Rather than fabricated conversation and emotions, he wanted to be genuine, no matter how awkward he genuinely was.
On the way home, John sang outright and he sang to Sherlock. He didn't care if people heard or saw them, which a few did. All he cared about was his song to Sherlock.
It's been very hard for the two of them, but after all they're been through, they had never been closer.
“I’ve only ever said that I’m not
“Perhaps, but you’re just as excited as me. You don’t want to leave.”
He looked up to meet John’s confused gaze. He knew he’d been caught and that John would question him. But now, there were far too many uncertainties for him to give an explanation.
"Sherlock, you alright?"
John let out a bit of a loud laugh at that. He took a moment to calm down and said, “I remember the first time I saw you in it. That’s when I knew I’d never see you as just a friend. Part of me would always want you, or at the very least, wonder what if.”
Sherlock shifted a bit in his seat. “I’m sorry, John. I shouldn’t have said that.”
By the end of it, Sherlock concluded that John is attracted to him.
When he returned, he decided to start up a small conversation with John, desperately trying to lighten the atmosphere of the room and make up for the distress he caused. “Do you think I’ll ever meet your sister?”
“Not if she’s free. If she isn’t, try tomorrow.”
John groaned and squirmed a bit. He knew he was getting close and he was excited. Though he was asleep for most of his pleasure, he wanted the end to be worth it. He ground down harder and let out a soft cry at how much better it felt. His eyes rolled back and his lips parted as a series of unfiltered noises fell from his lips. There was an occasional curse, Sherlock’s name, and an overwhelming amount of unintelligible noise. He wasn’t able to talk through his pleasure as well as Sherlock could, rather, he laid and became it’s prey.
It all began when he felt eyes on him. He glanced over and did a double-take when he realized that Sherlock was staring at him with a passionate yet calculated stare. He blinked in surprise and it took all his willpower for him not to squirm. It was an expression that only a few people had ever looked at him with, and it was usually followed by a wild night in bed. Truthfully, it was an expression he’d been hoping he would one day see Sherlock stare at him with, but the context was fuzzy. He’d be a lot more flattered if he knew why Sherlock was staring at him like that.
Mycroft politely declined and picked up a cup of tea.
The feeling slowly faded and John’s hands retreated as Sherlock’s body came falling onto the bed.
- - - - -
On their way home, John couldn’t resist poking fun at Sherlock. “I think you like getting beat up. You can’t fight, you’re shit at combat, but you always try.”
John cut her off, “Whatever you’ve about to say, don’t bloody say it.”
John raised an eyebrow in surprised as he looked up at his companion. “Is it?” He had the gall to reach over and hold Sherlock’s hand. “You think I look good?”
After a few hours, John’s arousal was starting to become a problem. He shifted in his sleep and let out soft noises, hardly aware of the outside world. He moved once again, this time willing an arm to go down and touch himself, but he was met with resistance. The resistance jolted him awake.
Sherlock sighed, feeling a bit better but still anxious. “Would you even be interested?”
Sherlock, meanwhile, was reviewing their interactions for the past few weeks. He typically didn’t pay much attention to John’s body language unless he was gauging his emotions or reactions. But now, he wished he’d been more curious. He wished he’d paid more attention. Because John has been showing subtle signs of attraction, but for some reason they were directed at Sherlock.
“We eat dinner at the same time me and Harry used to growing up. She knows.”
“Angle of the stab wound means the killer’s shorter than the victim, most of the stabs were postmortem, and the killer has a bloody big knife.” That was all John had.
He changed his own tone to something lower than normal, almost sultry. “I’m not blind, John. I see the way you look at me.” He paused a moment before adding, “It’s the same way I look at you.”
Sherlock watched as John’s eyes would occasionally flicker to the entrance while his foot tapped away. He was very anxious. He wanted to comfort John, but had no idea how. His anxiety came to a sudden halt when a blonde woman entered and made her way to their table. She had a small smile on her face, “Hey, John.”
Sherlock was surprised that John felt the need to bring his sister into a place that was so sacred for them. But still, it spoke volumes to how much John wanted to make things better between them.
He cracked a smile, “Because I wasn’t sure if you would want this to be a date. What would you of worn?”
Sherlock was a bit surprised by how willing Lestrade was to talk about it.
Sherlock closed his eyes and used John’s chest as a pillow, slowly falling asleep in the arms of the man he loves.
As they walked out, John held the door for him and Sherlock smelt what he recognized to be John's favorite cologne, the one he only wore on occasions where he was trying to impress someone. He also noticed John's eyes. John's eyes had always been a deep blue, but recently, Sherlock has noticed that John most definitely has central heterochromia. While his eyes were mostly blue, his pupil was surrounded by a caramel color that seemed to pop whenever John smiled.
The untitled song in this chapter is Better Love by Hozier, 10/10 would recommend.
That was enough for John.
Usually, John would be making tea and Sherlock would come up behind him, spin him around, and kiss him until he was flustered, then pull away with a smug smirk on his face. He enjoyed being able to do that to John. To kiss him until his body heated up, his pulse quickened, and he shifted his hips in a way that let Sherlock know he was about to have a problem.
“Is everything alright?”
In the days that followed not much changed between the two. Though John began constantly teasing Sherlock, and Sherlock had become much easier to fluster.
Though he hardly fooled with the affairs of the heart, Sherlock did have some standards given his posh upbringing. “I wouldn’t like to go all the way when we’ve only dated a few months. I’ll do anything else.” He was quite eager to get started. He was throbbing in his pants and couldn’t wait to find release.
“I was bluffing, obviously. Now kiss me.”
“Doing what on purpose?” Sherlock spoke with a playful tone that told John they were on the exact same page.
Sherlock slowly stood up and shook her hand. “It’s lovely to meet you, Harry.”
“Right, of course.”
Sherlock forced himself to look John in his eyes. “You.” He felt his cheeks flush. “I’ve fallen in love with you.”
A high-pitched whimper fell from Sherlock's lips as he rocked his hips back, trying desperately to get the fingers in deeper. "If you don't give me what I need
While John was in the kitchen, Sherlock heard it. A low humming which soon turned to words being softly sung. "Chided by the silence of the hushed sublime. Blind to the purpose of the brute divine, but you were mine. Staring into blackness at some distant star. The thrill of knowing how alone we are. unknown we are." Even though he sung softly, the words were strong and powerful. It sent chills up Sherlock's spine and made his hair stand on end to hear such an intense and melodic voice radiating off the walls of their flat.
It was then that Molly’s betrothed mouthed the question, “I thought you were on the phone with Sherlock?”
Only a moment later and there was a knock at his door. “Sherlock? Off the phone yet? Your food’s going to get cold.”
His lips parted and he didn't even notice the few joyful tears that had slipped. But his movements made John turn to look at him. The tears were the first thing he noticed. He's never seen Sherlock come out of his mind palace crying before.
He had twenty-five minutes to get his shit together.
John’s eyes widened at the statement. “I’m a doctor, of course I have.” The perineum, better known as the taint, was an easy way to massage the prostate from the outside, if you would find the right angle. “Don’t you dare.” He also knew that many men could cum from that alone.
Sherlock wanted very few things in his life. He wanted a dog, to be a pirate, intelligence, admiration, to stop criminals, and to retire one day and keep bees in Sussex. Though he wasn't confident he would ever be a pirate, he was on his way to achieving everything he had ever wanted. But recently, he's realized there is yet another thing he wants. He wants to hear John sing again.
Sherlock pulled him even closer and John couldn’t stop a chuckle from escaping his lips. “Excited?” He asked as they pressed together.
Making sure his brother didn’t get injured while chasing down some criminal was an exception to this rule.
“You’re bloody leaking, Sherlock.” He commented, moving to lean across his boyfriend’s body. He set his lips right by Sherlock’s ear as he spoke. “Are you gonna cum for me, Sherlock? You’re so beautiful and you sound so gorgeous. You said that I feel like home. I’ll be your home, Sherlock. Show me how good I make you feel.” He knew that right now, Sherlock didn’t need the filthy words that sat on the tip of his tongue. He needed something nicer, something loving. He needed a home. He pressed himself against Sherlock and kissed his cheek. “So perfect, you’re doing so well.”
Though John was the one pressed against the door, he was still fully in control of the kiss. He felt Sherlock’s eager and surprisingly warm lips envelop his, a bit hesitant, but eventually relaxing as he got used to the movements.
“No, I’m not. I haven’t seen Harry in six years!”
Mycroft Holmes tended not to bother with the CCTV unless it was necessary.
“Of course. I love you, I’d do anything for you.”
“Everything is fine, John.”
Sherlock tilted his head, they only go to Angelo's to celebrate something or for special occasions. "Is today significant?"
The taller man let out a soft groan and wrapped his arms around John’s waist, pulling him close.
“She'll get excited about the relationship. She’ll insist on seeing us regularly, having us over for dinner, she’ll want you to call her mum, it’ll be a nightmare.”
John let out a coy chuckle. “No, no I didn’t. But, I am dating him now.”
John was utterly lost by the powerful expressions on Sherlock’s face.
Sherlock expressed a brief shock. “You think my intelligence is ..... charming?”
It was obvious to Sherlock that the both of them loved and cared for each other. But they had issues. Issues that ran deeper than anything he had with Mycroft.
He never thought his own eyes significant, but he thought John's were absolutely gorgeous. His eyes drifted lower as he walked by John, but he quickly caught himself and looked away before he could properly ogle John's bum.
He dialed the number and it rang twice before he picked up.
John was everything Sherlock might have enjoyed about sex, but honeyed over and made so much sweeter.
Sherlock took a deep breath. “Right. Thank you, Greg.”
He hung up and checked the time. He had just under ten minutes to convince Lestrade to share John’s feelings.
Sherlock sat back down and continued, still slightly drunk. “Well. When, that time when she was naked? Right? You saw her naked, and you were just, bloody shocked. But you didn’t think she was attractive. I could tell, not even a little bit, you weren’t physically attracted to her. But you date women, so how?”
Instead of responding with words, Sherlock let out a soft groan.
Sherlock did as he was told and moved to lay on his stomach, getting an idea as to where this was going.
Sherlock was grinning like a cat who’d caught a mouse. “You mewl when you cum. You also shouted.” He commented. “It was adorable.” He teased as he crawled up John’s body to free him. His voice was wrecked from sucking John. It was as deep and sensual as ever, but it had a raspy edge that showed how it was slightly strained.
“Right. Then you’re my boyfriend. Now eat before your dinner gets cold.”
"And I need you now tonight. And I need you more than ever. And if you only hold me tight. We'll be holding on forever." John softly sang the words and he bobbed his head to the tune. He actually hated Total Eclipse of the Heart, but it was stuck in his head since he heard it play in a cab's radio earlier. He'd been humming a lot of little love songs like that around Sherlock over the past week, hoping to maybe put it in Sherlock's mind to start thinking of him in that manner. But Sherlock took it as the opposite.
Harry blinked a few times in shock. “Wow. I get a phone call and I can see you in person. How many years has it been, John?”
In truth, it was something about John's gentle nature enticed him. The few times he’s had sex were when he was high, while he got high, or to get drugs. It was sloppy and quick, with no concern for him, and it was pretty terrible. But John was so warm and sweet. He wasn’t a cold and damp back alley, he wasn’t the filth of a bathroom stall, he wasn’t the cold-sweats of a high, he wasn’t the shaky sickness of a junkie, he wasn’t the dirty hands that grabbed at his flesh, or a walk of shame. John was everything he never had.
The answer to the question was automatic and without hesitation. He had always planned on eventually parting with his work, retiring, and living in the country with his bees. That had always been his plan and he never had any problem with it. He always knew his work was only temporary and he was fine with that. But John. Living without John had never been part of the plan. When they first chased down a killer together, Sherlock decided that John had to be part of his life, but he never planned on being without John. Those two years he spent without his best friend were the worst of his life. Regardless of the fact that he spent it doing the work he loved, it wasn't enough, he was miserable and all he wanted was John. When he did sleep, he fell asleep wondering about how John was doing, he would often zone out and wonder if John was still living in their flat, when he was being transported between locations he would wonder if John was seeing someone new, when he was being held in a bunker as a prisoner he told himself that he would eventually find John. John is what kept him going. No matter where he was or what he was doing, John had been with him from the moment they met. He let John into his life with no plans of ever letting him leave, even after two years of being apart.
He blinked a few times and tried to shake off the revelation, deciding it was just his emotions clouding his judgement. Until he realized he might not be wrong.
John let out a whine as his cheeks went red and he hid his face even further.
He thought about it a bit and soon found himself entertaining the idea that he might be interested in Sherlock. Impossible. They were only friends. He smiled to himself and tried to shake off the idea. But he couldn't. Now that it was there, it seemed the idea would stay a while.
Sherlock stared at his brother for all of three seconds. “You saw us kiss on the CCTV, didn’t you?”
The very next morning, after the first eight hour sleep he’s had in years, Sherlock went into the sitting room to find the horrid sight of John making tea for Mycroft.
John blinked a few times, grinning as he realized what Sherlock was asking him. “You want to know why I didn’t find Irene attractive?”
John shook his head a bit, almost trying to dismiss it. “Oh, it’s nothing. All in the past.”
John made his choice. “Angelo’s.”
Sherlock didn't believe John for a second. He knew something was up. Angelo's was a very important place to them and they
So much for charming John with his words.
“How do you know so much about wine?” Sherlock asked, unable to hide the fact that he was impressed by John’s knowledge.
John had no answer to that. “Sherlock, I don’t want to discuss this.”
He stopped dead in his tracks, letting his train of thought crash and burn. He quickly backtracked and returned to analyzing John’s behaviors towards him. He was only a week away from catching up to the present day and he’d already determined that John likely found Sherlock to be somewhat attractive.
His howl broke off into shaking whimpers of John’s name, his hips slowed and the quivers overcame him as he slowly succumbed to the end of his orgasm. His forehead dropped to meet the bed and John’s hands eased up significantly.
“Again? Not going to happen.” She referred to Sherlock’s infamous fall. “Sherlock, it seems you love John as more than a friend or brother. I would consider that to be a fact.”
John set his tea down and stared at the floor, unwilling to meet the eyes of the men that stared at him.
Now they were getting somewhere. John leaned forward a bit, becoming more engaged with the conversation now that they were able to talk it out. “What’s wrong?” He was worried that he made Sherlock uncomfortable.
John only smiled. He always did this on dates, not that Sherlock would know. He liked being able to pull his wine knowledge to impress his dates. “My sister is a recovering alcoholic, you learn a thing or two.” He usually didn’t tell them how he knew so much about wine, but he suspected that Sherlock would figure it out whether he said something or not.
John gave Mycroft a quick once over. “Looks average to me.”
“When I look at John, my pulse quickens, I become elated, I’m drawn in, I get distracted, I would even say I struggle to think clearly. My loving feelings towards John seem to make themselves more apparent when I look at him and take the time to notice every lovely detail.” He caught himself just after confessing he thought John was lovely. “Oh god, I called him lovely! Molly, you wouldn’t mind killing me, would you?”
John shrugged even though he knew why. “Because you like it. You seemed to really miss it, so I figured I should try and do it more often.”
John was radiating with pride. He almost couldn’t believe how he managed to get his lover like this. He never thought he’d see Sherlock so wrapped up in pleasure. He was so grounded, forced out of his head and trapped in his body. For once, he couldn’t avoid or escape the world around him. He was there, completely present, and it felt good. John had never been so thrilled.
His eyes rolled back when Sherlock’s thumb moved to rub his tip, making a shiver rush through his body.
He ground down and let himself enjoy it. His moans got a bit more frantic than before as he was pleasured from two different places. His hips were overwhelmed with the feelings, but he couldn’t stop moving. His hips began moving in circles, rubbing himself against those fingers. His head tilted back and the muscles that peaked out of his stretched torso began to tremble.
“No. I am enjoying myself. I’m only a bit confused. You’re being strange, John.” This wasn't normal. Everything about it was abnormally intimate and Sherlock didn't know how to respond to that.
A low chuckle came from Sherlock as he leaned back down and took John into his warm and wet mouth again.
Her hair was only halfway down her neck, not even touching her shoulders. There was a natural waviness to it that made Sherlock wonder what John would look like with longer hair. She wore a floral button-up that she tucked into the front of her dark jeans. It accentuated her proportions quite well and made her seem taller than John, even though she was a tad shorter.
“Because you and John drink together and drunks can become very open, especially in the presence of a friend. Meaning that if John had any feelings for me, he would have told you and you alone. So. What has he said?”
John understood and gave him a soft smile. “That’s okay, I’m not judging you. Anything else?”
John’s lips parted but nothing came out. “Have you always known or.....?” John knew he wasn’t doing so well, but he considered this to be much more successful than how he reacted when his sister came out. All he did was stare at her for a good ten seconds, internally panicking, then congratulated her. His main concern was focusing all his energy on not acting excited about it.
On the inside, Sherlock was overjoyed that Mycroft approved of he and John being together, but by the same token, nothing would change if he didn’t.
What are the things he could live without?
Sherlock tugged at John’s hips and the blonde chuckled, “Oh, I don’t know. I think this is the part where you’d leave me alone.”
A small thought turned the smile into a frown.
John shook his head and closed his eyes. “It doesn’t matter.” He said nothing more, preferring to drink his tea and think. He’d never spoken much about his parents and that was for a reason. The only times he ever spoke about Harry was when Sherlock initiated the conversation.
Sherlock furrowed his eyebrows, "What do you mean, you messed around together?" Sherlock could think of three different potential meaning off the top of his head, each more unlikely than the last, but he didn't have enough data to make a proper assumption.
Given that John is conventionally attractive, has a pleasing visage, a lovely voice, and he dressed nice, it shouldn’t be a surprise that he accidentally thought John was adorable. But that’s when Sherlock became quite fixated on John’s appearance. A sweet smile, warm eyes, just the right height, everything about John drew him in and lead him to see more and more beauty.
“Incorrect. I
“Yea. I also remember that one time you described him as tall, dark, and handsome. You finally sleep with him?”
He estimated he had fifteen minutes before John would leave to pick up the food, and ten more before John would come knocking for him.
After pacing around his room another five minutes and checking the mirror three times, he decided he was ready.
John was silent a moment, guilt rising up in him. “Six.” He sighed out the number. “I’m sorry, Harry. I really am. I want to make things better, I’ve always wanted to make it better.”
Whatever had been sitting just beyond his body was so much closer now. He could feel it slowly coming onto him. He cried as everything felt so much more intense than before. “Cum! John! I’m going to cum!” He nearly screamed the words. He frantically incanted John’s name.
He lifted his hips off the pillow and used his knees to brace himself. The new angle let John’s fingers slide in a bit deeper to press harder against the spot. It also allowed Sherlock’s cock to easily glide across the pillow, giving him a bit of friction to soothe his aching hardness.
Those hips tried moving faster and harder, demanding that the pleasure be ground even deeper into his prostate. He tossed his head back and let out a string of curses as his movements also allowed his cock to grind against the pillow. He knew he was leaking onto it and would probably leave it with a nice stain. But he didn’t care.
John just smirked up at him with an unwavering confidence. “Try not to be too loud, love.” He reminded Sherlock of Mrs. Hudson’s presence downstairs with a charming wink.
They all sat down and Angelo took their drink orders.
“Temporarily.” Sherlock corrected.
Sherlock knew for a fact that John’s had sex with multiple women. He also knew that no amount of fidelity can prevent someone from finding another person to be attractive. He briefly considered that John may have sight issues, but quickly dismissed that as well. There was no logical explanation to his question.
He slowly left his mind palace and blinked as he looked around. He found John halfway asleep in his chair. He glanced at the time and saw it was nearly dinner.
John shifted a bit and made sure to keep his fingers pressed hard on Sherlock’s prostate as he moved his fingers as fast as he could, rubbing in little circles. His other hand tightened a bit and he jerked Sherlock off as quickly as he could without losing the rhythm of his other hand. He used his thumb to tease the head of Sherlock’s cock, swirling his thumb around the tip to spread the precum that dripped out of him.
Was he really willing to wake up in the morning to Sherlock's face, spend the next few decades chasing killers, sleep with Sherlock, eat each meal together, talk every day for hours on end, buy each other flowers, wine and dine each other on anniversaries, get married, maybe adopt a kid or two along the way, and eventually end up retiring to Sussex to keep bees with Sherlock?
John grinned and leaned down, “You’re so sweet.” He knew that was a complement Sherlock had likely never heard. He leaned in and gently licked around the entrance, wanting to tease him. He could feel Sherlock’s hips shifting under his skin, trying not to squirm, though he wanted to. He was eager for John’s tongue.
“It is.” He defended. “Deep, strong, seductive, full, it’s like dark chocolate. Makes my mind wander.” He winked.
"'Cause there's no better love. That's laid beside me, there's no better love. That justifies me! There's no better love. So darling, darling, feel better love! Feel better love."
Sherlock pushed back a smirk at John's physical reaction. "John, you aren't a stupid man so don't say such a stupid thing, even if it is a joke. You're quite unarguably handsome. Even factoring in personal tastes, you're a naturally handsome man."
John seemed to think a moment before coming to a decision. “Let’s go to your room.” He said as he took Sherlock by the hand and lead him through their flat. “It’ll be easier for the both of us if you’re lying down.”
John called out and twisted his hips, not wanting to give in and grind down. His face flushed as he realized that he wanted to grind. He wanted the touch to feel deeper. It felt good and he liked it. Once he accepted that, he finally let his hips roll down. A chuckle vibrated through his lower half and he gasped, “Shut the hell up.”
In their brief interaction, John only saw what was on the outside. Therefore, the shock, and John’s own moral compass, could have outweighed Adler’s beauty.
“Do keep this from mummy, won’t you?”
Sherlock has dealt with many things in his life, but he has never desired for someone to seduce him. He took a mental step back and began to recall his life with John. Accounting for all the highs and lows, Sherlock can easily say that he's never cared for anyone the way he cares for John. His nerves began to go off in the pit of his stomach.
Sherlock knew what he needed. He pressed his free hand to John’s lower belly, pinning him down and pulling his head back to suckle at John’s tip. His fingers slowed to a gentle massage and he made John ride out the pleasure.
Nevertheless, he left his bedroom and returned to the sitting room.
John gave a nod. “Three. Don’t choke me, nothing in public, and don’t hurt me unless I ask for it.”
“Because you're good.”
The genius tilted his head and sighed silently. He found himself struggling once again to explain himself. He settled on, “I think I already have but I don’t want to be wrong.”
Sherlock whined and shifted his hips. “Don’t tease me like that.”
John tilted his head. "Oh? And what are your personal tastes?"
Sherlock remembered that night. He’d spent most of it in the bathroom with John, sitting on the cold floor and talking him through his urges to puke. He spent four hours on the floor and got almost no sleep, not that he slept much anyways. He helped John change into his pajamas, brought him soda to settle his stomach, and he left a cold bottle of water and a pain reliever on his nightstand in the morning.
John thought he replied, “Life, you bastard,” but he couldn’t be sure because he passed out.
about the mouldering pancreas, which had leaked out of its plastic wrap and contaminated the bacon which John had been looking forward to having with his breakfast. As he shovelled in his eggs and toast [but no bacon!] the  argument degenerated somehow into the history of anti-scientific bias and the idiots who perpetrated it.
That sounded delightful.
The usual collection of the supposed experts from the Yard were already gathered when we jumped from the cab. Well, he jumped from the cab, while I stayed behind to pay for the ride and then had to move quickly to catch up.
Holmes gave a soft chuckle that did not mock me.
But once we were in bed, all was peaceful. Holmes rolled to his side and placed his arm across my chest. “I am the most fortunate of men,” he said softly.
He was not actually very confident that Sherlock would even turn up for their usual lunch. It was true that Mummy had seemed quite optimistic about the idea. She had, however, at the same time suggested that he pick the location with care. In the end, Mycroft decided to avoid any public venue at all and simply invited Sherlock into his new flat. It was not the house that he aspired to, not yet, but it was in a very desirable building in Mayfair. He’d catered the meal in from Simpson’s and given his housekeeper the day off.
Sherlock liked that idea. There was so much to explore between the two of them, an entire universe of new planets. It was...exciting to contemplate.
Mycroft eyed his brother, trying to remember when he had last seen such contentment in his eyes. Had he ever done so?
Then we smiled at one another and I raised a hand to the door knocker.
“He drinks. His breath reeks of whisky.”
There was no time to bargain, so he just paid the asking price and waited impatiently as the voluble Frenchman carefully wrapped the painting.
There was a pause. Maybe Mycroft was speaking.
Christmas Eve was a night of song
a melody that would last forever.
She studied him for a moment, her eyes sharp behind the old-fashioned eyeglasses. then made a sweeping gesture around the small premises. “I think you might find something here, in that case.”
I am incapable of conceiving infinity,
“Your nose is cold.”
-Aldrich, B.
One was the thuggish and exceedingly large personage standing at the door, arms crossed on his massive chest and a sneer upon his exceedingly charmless face.
My bullet, on the other hand, went directly into Biggins’ shoulder and he fell, loudly bewailing his pain and misfortune.
Before the meal was even finished, that dolt Lestrade turned up with a problem he could not solve. Unsurprisingly, as such helplessness was his usual state. Only today had we finally resolved the case of the missing parrot. Which seems frivolous, until one knows that the parrot had swallowed a precious gem and that his owner had been brutally slain by the thief.
John only laughed.
And then he proceeded to worship me in a most satisfactory manner.
The music changed. “Mozart’s Sleigh Ride.” A quick smile. “He told the orchestra to add bells to make it more festive.”
At last, we were alone in front of the fire, with port and our pipes. A mere hint of snow was falling beyond the window, a perfect backdrop for the night. For quite some time, we were both silent. I watched the flames, occasionally glancing at Holmes. “I know you will think me dreadfully sentimental,” I finally murmured, “but this Christmas seems quite special to me.”
The detective was shouting abuse at him constantly and even if John was probably the most patient human being in Great Britain, there was a tipping point for him. He had given small hints that his intention towards their relationship had changed, but either Sherlock had not understood them or he had just decided to ignore them because he was not interested. John shook his head, it was Sherlock after all, there was no way that he had NOT realised what the doctor was doing. The ever so light brush of hands when John was passing him something, the lingering looks when Sherlock was in his mind palace, the deep eye contact when John tried to calm him down again.
“Is that true? Did you use me, because you wanted to get to Sherlock? Don’t lie to me, I will be able to tell.”
“It’s okay, don’t worry”, Amber said with a weak smile.
“He was really close to leaving us, but he will be fine”, the doctor said after a pause which seemed to last an eternity. He continued with a critical look on his papers:
“So, you are going to eat something then?” The doctor seemed rather surprised.
The world blurred, when John opened his mouth and slightly licked Sherlocks lower lip with his tongue. Sherlock’s immediate response was a low sigh, before he also opened his mouth. John pushed his tongue slowly between Sherlock’s lips and when their tongues met, a jolt of electricity went straight to his groin. This felt magic.
The detective picked Rosie up and brought her upstairs, where he changed diapers and filled her baby bottle with water for the night. She beamed at him when he offered her to choose between the teddy pyjama or the space ship pyjama.
“Do you still think about Mary?”, obviously the therapist had decided to change the topic.
When Sherlock opened his eyes after many hours of sleep, John was directly looking at him. He had a very concerned expression on his face, but seemed kind of relieved that he was waking up, since that is generally considered a good sign, meaning that the person is alive. There was something else in John’s eyes, but the detective could not quite tell what it was. Under normal conditions he might have considered that his friend finally had come to terms with his feelings, but since Sherlock still was on strong medicine, he pushed this thought aside.
The last couple of weeks had been really painful for John. After Sherlock had been released from the hospital, he had been even grumpier than before. He incredibly bored, since he was not allowed to go on cases again and therefore had to stay home. John had done his best to make it as easy and interesting as possible in the flat. He had tried to keep Sherlock occupied and busy, but it did not seem to have worked out.
He smiled and began putting on the pyjama. When he had finished he laid her down in her crib and quickly went downstairs to get his violin.
John could already feel the anger building in him. He also was exhausted, he had no energy to keep pushing Sherlock to talk to him. It made him feel frustrated, because it really was not easy for him to talk about this stuff either, but he still tried to. When he rose from his chair, he did not shout at Sherlock, but his voice was full of hurt and anger and bitterness:
“Very good.”
He sunk down in his chair. He felt empty and exhausted. The therapist took a few notes and then she put her pen and notebook down. She spoke the next words very carefully:
John left the flat at 10 o’clock in the morning, he didn’t know how long Sherlock had already been awake or whether he slept at all, but the detective had prepared breakfast for the three of them and they had enjoyed the sleepiness of a Saturday morning. Now that he left the flat, he inhaled the fresh air of a cold spring morning. Sherlock would surely have told him now, that the air was indeed all but fresh, since in winter the carbondioxide in the air increased, because the trees could not do the photosynthesis due to the missing leaves. He smiled at that thought and hailed a taxi to drive him to the therapist’s house.
“I care so much because he is my best friend. That’s what friends do, take care of each other I mean. We are living together and raising a child, I want Rosie to grow up in a happy environment.”
“It seems like you cannot do anything, if he does not want to tell you, he won’t, so why don’t you focus on other things and just wait what happens, maybe he will approach you at some point.”
She kept fiddling with her hair, as she scanned the room. She seemed to take interest in every little detail of their flat picking everything up and looking at it very closely. As she went past Sherlock’s armchair, she let her hand slightly run over his back.  Sherlock huffed and picked up a newspaper to be able to ignore what happened around him.
“Sherlock”, John growled, the atmosphere was frizzling from tension now. Sherlock groaned, lowered the newspaper and heard himself blurting out his thoughts:
He could really need a distraction, so he took his phone out and dialled the number an attractive woman had given him yesterday. She had seemed very keen on meeting him again, so this might be a good thing for John, he liked having this sort of attention. Amber, that was her name, picked up the phone after four rings. They talked for a few minutes and then settled on meeting the next day at Angelo’s for lunch.
“Oh come on, you know very well that this is what I do 90% of the time.”
Of course Sherlock was being sarcastic, but John could not other than smirk, as it was indeed something his roommate did on a quite regular basis.
John walked around the park for 2 hours, fighting with his emotions. Why was Mary gone? Everything would be so much easier if she still was here. Nothing would be so complicated or exhausting. Would Rosie turn out okay, or would he screw her up? John worried about this a lot lately, he had given her to different people the last couple of days. He was the father, it was HIS job to care about his daughter, not Sherlock’s or Mrs. Hudson’s. But sometimes everyone needs a bit of space for himself, right? Suddenly his phone started ringing and interrupted his inner monologue, it was Lestrade:
Instead of asking anything back, John took a big gulp from his wine. He thought of the first time he had eaten at Angelo’s. He remembered the smooth light on Sherlock’s face and their kind of awkward conversation. Angelo had assumed that they were a couple, of course John immediately corrected him, but Sherlock had not said anything. He had corrected Angelo’s every sentence, but remained quiet regarding the “date” topic. Sherlock had said many confusing things that evening. Girlfriends were not his area. He hadn’t said that about boyfriends…
“Yes”, John could see it know, it was right there in front of him. He only had to look into Sherlocks eyes and he could see all the love the detective felt. John did not need him to say the words, Sherlock said ‘I love you’ through his eyes, he said it through caring for Rosie, he said it through everything he did for John. After realising this, a wide smile spread over John’s face.
“A glass of water would be nice.”
Good decision. John was partly relieved that she let go of the Sherlock topic, but he didn’t like to answer this question either.
“Teddy pyjama”, she said with shining eyes.
When he heard steps, he quickly adjusted his position and began walking up the remaining stairs. Only seconds later, the door opened and Mycroft stepped out into the hallway with a concerned look on his face, which disappeared instantly when he saw John.
How could she? The memories came flooding back and John gasped for air. He remembered the day vividly. He had never experienced such pain. It had been the worst day of his life, thinking about Sherlock jumping from that roof still made him want to scream. It still felt like someone ripped his heart out. Yes, there had been stuff that he wanted to tell him, but that was no longer relevant. So many things had happened since then, it just wasn’t the same anymore. After some time, John had gone over to think that he was just sexually confused at that time, now he was back in track and had decided that it was best when no one ever got to hear what had crossed his mind back then. After all, he was not into men. John Watson wasn’t gay, he just wasn’t. He never had been attracted to a single man in his life, so why would he be now.
“If you were awake you would give me a weird and confused look now and ask me why. I will provide you with the answer: William Sherlock Scott Holmes, I am in love with you. There, I said it. I fell for you. I have no idea when and why, but I did. Why do people love anyways? What does love even mean, it is such a complicated thing and I have no idea what will happen when you wake up, but I had to get this out of my system." He shook his head, what in the world was he doing?
“You’re working with Sherlock Holmes then? How is he like? I can imagine it is kind of hard to live with him”, Amber interrupted his thoughts.
“Good morning John. How do you feel today?”, she asked him in a comforting tone.
As no answer came from the other man he looked up to Sherlock and realised that the detective had steepled his hands under his chin and his gaze was empty, so judging by that, he had already disappeared into his mindpalace. He spent the majority of his time in there nowadays. John sighed, this was really not going well. He did not like to talk about this kind of stuff either, but sometimes there simply was no other way. He took a quick look at the newspaper before he decided that he wanted to take a shower.
When Sherlock heard John’s steps on the stairs, he raised from his chair and disappeared into his room. He had realised that it was time to pick Rosie up from day care, so he got dressed took his coat and scarf and left the flat.
John saw him as a friend, this would never change, not today and not in 10 years. His mind was just completely off track because of the painkillers the doctors were giving him. If John felt the same way he did, he would say something now, when he, Sherlock, had barely escaped death, that was when you usually realised you had feelings for someone. That John said nothing now could only mean that he had either no romantic interest at all and Sherlock had been wrong all along, or that the feelings just were not strong enough for John to act on them. Either would break Sherlocks heart. He closed his lids again, so John was not able to see the pain in and the tears that burned at the back of his eyes.
Instead of following Johns order, Sherlock turned to Amber and went:
“You said to me that there was stuff that you wanted to say to Sherlock but could not say it before he died. I asked you to tell me about it, but you didn’t. I get the strong feeling that after his return and until now you still haven’t told him this, whatever it is. Is this right?”
“We don’t know exactly yet, but it looks like he has been chasing after a murderer. He shot Sherlock in order to get away”, Lestrade replied.
At home, John had climbed up half the stairs when he heard a loud conversation from the living room, which he quickly identified as a fight between Sherlock and his brother.
The response was a nod and a quick smile, not what Sherlock had hoped for, but at least he had managed to say an honest thank you, something he did not do a lot. Once again he was reminded of how much he needed John’s attention and his caring nature around him.
“Sherlock”, John shouted “stop it. Apologize. Now”.
“Actually, it isn’t that bad”, Johns answer was short and not exactly polite, but he didn’t really care.
“I am not quite sure. I do feel okay, my job is fine, Rosie seems happy and is making progress really fast, but Sherlock has behaved very strangely the last few weeks. He does not solve any cases or leaves the house at all. He is just sitting there, saying nothing and spending the whole day in his mind palace. We barely talk and when we do, he always looks extremely sad or snaps at either me or anyone else. I just don’t understand.”
“Hey, are you okay?”, John asked immediately.
“I am seriously concerned about your current state of health. I know what happens when something is bothering you and it has never been this bad, so as your brother I am obliged to tell you that you cannot keep going like this.”
A small smile tugged at the corners of Sherlocks mouth, eyes still closed he enjoyed the feeling of warmth that Johns presence never ceased to give him. When he opened his eyes, he directly looked into John’s, who seemed to have scooted a little closer.
“Oh, good afternoon John, nice to see you”, Mycroft said with his fake smile “I see now that I leave, you can take care of my younger brother”.
“Is that a yes?”, he managed to ask between kisses.
John had decided to go back to his old therapist, since he knew he could trust her and she already had an idea of how he thought about and dealt with his problems. After he had started to open up a little, it worked out really well and he always felt better after talking to her.
Only then it occurred to John that Sherlock might not be exactly used to this, so he interrupted the kiss and looked up to him. There was this incredible intensity in Sherlocks ocean blue eyes and it took his breath away. It made him feel so wonderful and special that his heart swelled. Sherlocks eyes changed into a questioning look, so John stuttered:
“Please”, Rosie squealed.
“And how do you feel about that?”
“You sound like John now”, Sherlock spat out contemptuously.
All the pressure that had built on John’s chest fell away now. Sherlock would survive. They could still have their happy end. They would be fine, at least that was what he hoped. He had no idea what would happen, after he finally could admit what he was feeling.
He said goodbye to everyone and returned home with Rosie, since Sherlock’s mom would be the one staying with him over night. There was no point in arguing with her and it seemed reasonable to let her be the one seeing Sherlock first.
“What I do with my body is none of your business, no one asked you to watch over every part of my life, so just stop spying on me all the time”, shouted Sherlock.
“Hmm, I don’t know, maybe because you just were shot and nearly died?”, was his friends answer, of course equally sarcastic.
He felt stupid, talking to someone who was soundly asleep, but it really made him feel better.
Sherlock let his eyes roam over Amber and could not stop the words coming out of his mouth:
“What happened?”, were the only words John could force out.
After finishing his last lecture at Barts, John began walking back home to 221b Baker Street. He looked at his feet and the corner of his mouth slightly turned upwards when he thought about how everything had worked out surprisingly okay for him in the end. The former soldier was still having trouble with coping with everything that had happened to him lately, but at least living together with Sherlock and Rosie was mostly uncomplicated. John was confused about many things and still needed to see his therapist now and then. However, he felt moderate. When he and Sherlock had recovered from The Final Problem, he had decided to take a day job again, because he wanted to be a role model for Rosie. John wanted her to grow up in an ordered, rather than horribly chaotic household. Of course, Sherlock would always cause trouble and be all over the place, but he figured that Rosie needed to have at least one parent that could provide safety, ease and consistency. He, as the biological father, would take over this role. Therefore, he had talked to Mike, whether he could give medicine lectures at Baths college and he had told John that they currently were looking for someone. A few days later everything was settled and he could start teaching. The first few days were challenging, but he had adjusted to his new task very quickly and found a method for his lessons, which seemed to work very well for him and the students.
“Hm?”
“So basically, you’re running around London and solving crimes and being a professor at Baths is just your day time job?”, Amber asked curiously.
Trying to maintain his last bit of dignity he forced his emotions back and said goodbye. She had no right to do this to him. Why did she have to put him through such pain? Now everything was worse than before.
“Sherlock,” John’s voice had this warning tone in it.
“I think it would be best if you left now.”
“Listen Sherlock, is there anything you want to tell me? Because you can, I mean tell me, no matter what it is. I get the feeling that something is completely off and if that is true, you should talk about it.”
“Sherlock that’s amazing, you know that you don’t need to do all that, right?”, John’s dark blue eyes looked up at him and made his stomach twitch.
The dark-haired man pulled him back into the kiss, before starting to pull John’s jumper over his head. John had already begun unbuttoning Sherlock’s shirt when he realised that the detective was slowly guiding him towards the bedroom.
“Sherlock, I want you to meet Amber”, John introduced her.
“Stop it. Just stop it”, John interrupted her.
“Oh Jesus Sherlock”, was the last thing John said, before the detective kicked the bedroom door shut behind them.
John’s heart jumped in his chest and his knees got weak. Sherlock’s lips were so soft and tender, but tasted salty and bitter at the same time. John had never experienced or felt anything like this. It was so completely different to a woman’s kiss, especially the angle, but he loved this. He loved Sherlock. When they broke apart he could see all of Sherlocks usually so well guarded feelings, right in front of him. All the pain and the sadness, the disappointed hope and loneliness. Then John understood.
John rolled his eyes, he really hated this sometimes, but in general he did not bother when Sherlock was ordering him around, he was used to this after all. The detective showed a teasing grin, picked up his violin and started playing an uplifting song. John walked into the kitchen to put the kettle on and the violin’s comforting tone surrounded them like so often, but the doctor could feel that something just wasn’t right. This had been going on for weeks and he started to get really frustrated and also hurt by this. Sherlock was his best friend after all and even though the detective did not like talking (except for when he was deducing and showing off, of course) he could at least give John a hint over whatever was bothering him.
If he knew how much fun it was for Sherlock to spend time with Rosie, he would be surprised. Half an hour later the doctor raised and announced that he wanted to go to bed, because he never knew if and when Rosie would wake up at night, so he would try to get as much sleep as he could. Not much later Sherlock also disappeared into his room and went to bed. Of course, that did not mean he would sleep, no, he usually did not sleep any longer than 2 or 3 hours at most, but he could not play the violin at night or experiment with gun powder, because the risk of waking up John and/or Rosie was too high. Like this, Sherlock just laid there in bed, stared at the ceiling and sorted his mind palace.
“I enjoy getting shot, haven’t I told you yet?”
John despised his expression, the cold eyes especially, and just replied with: “Mycroft”.
Sherlock looked at this with disgust. Why did no one ever appreciate honesty. The door slammed shut, they were gone again.
Suddenly, John’s hands were buried in the taller man’s dark curls, slightly pulling and the kiss became much more intense. Sherlock’s hands were on his back and neck, John felt their warmth and his whole body was tingling. He sucked on the detective’s lip and bit on it. Sherlock let out a low moan and thrusted his hips forward, which led to their erections brushing against each other for just a small moment. John gasped for air, his stomach was turning and twisting and want in a never known intensity built in him. He needed more. He guided Sherlock a few steps towards the door and pressed him against it. He grabbed his wrists, raised them over their heads and pinned the detective to the door, pushing his hard erection right between Sherlock’s thighs, where he found him indeed equally hard. Many little moans were escaping from Sherlock’s mouth, which made John only harder. He loved seeing Sherlock coming apart under his touches.
“What is it? What happened? Did something happen to Rosie? Is she okay?”, John pressed out, fear taking over his mind.
Sherlock’s desire to kiss John grew every day, but he could not act on this. He couldn’t and he wouldn’t. He had already caused too much trouble in John’s life. However, he needed to get his feelings out in some way, so the only possibility of freeing his emotions was through Rosie. He cared about her deeply, it was as if she was his own daughter, so he did everything he could to support John raising her. It made them look like a real family, something Sherlock never thought he would find, since his own relatives could not really be described as “family”. He used to hate the word.
“No, I don’t mind, I can do that”, the taller man’s mouth tucked slightly upwards and he took a short look at John, who seemed very relieved.
Sherlock sipped at his tea and realised that it had gone cold. John seemed to have finished his shower, because the bathroom door opened and a half naked figure stepped into the hallway. The doctor was wearing nothing but a towel around his hips. Sherlock quickly lowered his gaze, knowing very well what would happen to certain areas of his body when he kept staring.
“We’ll see.” Sherlock placed a plate and a plastic fork in front of Rosie, who could eat most food on her own by now. There would be quite a lot of her portion next to the plate by the end of the meal, but she made progress.
Sherlock slowly exhaled when his blogger had disappeared into the bathroom. He made John think he went off into his mindpalace, but that was not true after all. He just could not stand the asking expression and worrying look on his friend’s face anymore. He would not tell him what was going on in his head. He knew that he could very well trust John with everything, not that Sherlock enjoyed talking over feelings and problems, but he was aware of the fact that no matter what was happening, the doctor would be there for him. Usually he would have told John about his problem by this point, but there was this one single thing he could not say out loud in front of him. Sherlock was completely and utterly in love with his roommate.
“Say that again”, the detective said under his breath.
“Did Rosie fall asleep quickly?”
“Hm, what? Oh, sure yes. Why wouldn’t I be okay?”, the taller man turned around, his brows furrowed and a questioning look on his face.
“They said it would be very unlikely for him to survive, because he already lost a lot of blood, before he was found”, the inspector fixed his gaze on the floor and decided not to look up again.
He grimaced and made room for him to walk past. Mrs. Hudson had called Mycroft a reptile once, maybe this comparison was not so wrong after all. He waited a few more seconds on the stairs until he heard the front door closing with a “click”. John slowly exhaled, he hadn’t even noticed that he had been holding his breath the whole time. He slowly pushed the door to the living room open and spotted the detective staring out of the window, Sherlocks back was turned towards him, so he only saw the outlines of his roommate’s slim figure and the mess of curls on the back of his head. His robe slightly moved in the draft that was caused by the open door and window. John found it complimented his features even more.
He was quite sure John returned his feelings, all the signs were there: Widened pupils, raised pulse and his breath hitched when Sherlock came close to him. However, he found himself unable to do anything that brought them together, because what if he was wrong? It had happened before. Even when he was right, John was not aware of his feelings yet, meaning that he would most likely reject the detective anyways. He kept saying that he was not gay and made sure everyone knew they weren’t a couple.
“Hello John”, Sherlock said in a low voice, still facing the window.
When John arrived at the hospital, his detective was still asleep. He sat at his bedside and looked at his beautiful face and those stupid cheekbones. He could not decide if he rather would punch him for being so stupid or kiss him, because he was so glad that Sherlock was still alive. He was not sure what to do now, should he wake him up? Or just sit there in silence and keep staring at his face? He shifted a bit uncomfortably in his chair. He really hated silence. It always reminded him of the two years he had spent alone, thinking Sherlock was dead. It reminded him of fear and uncertainty. He decided to fill the silence until his flatmate would wake up:
“Sherlock be reasonable, you will starve yourself to death if you don’t eat at all”, Mycroft started again.
“We will have to keep him for a while, but one of you could visit him now. Since he is asleep and needs rest, everyone else should go home and come back tomorrow.”
“I’d prefer not to talk about this”, John managed to press out.
Sherlocks reply was just an angry snort and it seemed like the conversation was over. John was disappointed, because he had hoped to find out what exactly caused Sherlock’s recent behaviour.
“I’m serious Sherlock, I did so much for you in the last couple of weeks and you have not been exactly nice to me, so the least you can do is listen to me.”
Then John thought of the many times they had stared into each other’s eyes, he thought of the incredibly happy moments Sherlock had made him laugh. Sherlock said John had saved him, but Sherlock had saved him likewise. John didn’t need a walking cane anymore. He didn’t have nightmares and he really felt at home in 221b.
He did. He wanted the detective to roam around, be sarcastic and sassy and arrogant. He knew those were the things that usually annoyed him, but he missed that. He wanted Sherlock to run around on crime scenes. Dammit he wanted him to be happy, but at the moment, this mess of a man seemed just lost in his mind and John couldn’t do anything.
“Yes”, John replied with a small voice.
However, Sherlock really was the most wonderful and caring person regarding Rosie. He would do anything for her. Sometimes John thought his friend did an even better job than Mary had. And hell, Mary was Rosie’s mother after all. The therapist had remained quiet and John realised that she expected him to keep talking.
“It is definitely not a good thing. I wish he would tell me what is going on. I would to be there for him, no matter what it is. I want things to go back to where they were before.”
John thought about how his friend behaved more like a father than he did. Right now, he was with her doing god knows what, but John knew he could trust Sherlock with this. He was absolutely wonderful with her. The way he looked at her… John interrupted his thought process at this point, he could not think of his roommate like that.
Sherlock stopped playing the violin, when he heard voices in the hallway, of which he one could immediately identify as John’s. The other one obviously belonged to a woman. He rolled his eyes at the thought of what was coming and slumped into his armchair. His stomach turned, because he hated seeing John with someone else, not that he hadn’t got used to this, but he had thought that John would not go on dates, at least not in the near future. It didn’t seem very wise to him to jump from one relationship into another, especially with a young daughter. On the other hand, maybe this was just a fling and John needed a distraction.
“I liked the melody you played for her”, John tried again.
The next thing John could remember was the doors of the surgery opening. A young doctor came walking down the corridor, a serious expression on his face. Johns heart started aching.
“You know precisely that my brain does not work well and my thought process slows down after consuming food, because the parasympathetic nervous system and thereby the digestive system begins working and drains the energy from my brain.”
When Amber and him had left the flat, John had to ask her.
He could not bare, if Sherlock died now. It was like a lever had switched in John’s head. Tears started rolling down his face and quiet sobs escaped his throat. He rarely cried, especially not in front of other people, but he just could not take it anymore. A small wet spot, which grew bigger quite quickly, formed between his shoes. John felt someone sitting down next to him and laying an arm around his shoulder. It was Molly, who also seemed to have cried.
