A quick glance outside the window revealed, that no one had been thrown out there either.
He got an idea and focused on the scents in the room. An along with the dust, old paper, and Johns cologne there was a faint trace of chloroform.
But with a "tsk" John pulled Sherlock between his legs into a weird hug from behind. The doctor was as cold as ice and Sherlock began shivering immediately.
Lestrade wanted to call an ambulance, but John insisted to just go home and sleep it off.
"John got hypothermia. He was in here for about an hour before I texted you. The kidnapper is Finman, there is chloroform in her office probably in the chair."
"Nope, checked your legs, still far to cold"
He spun at his heel. All his senses were on alert. John had been drugged.
A glare shut him up.
Having done everything he could right now, Sherlock entered his mind palace. It didn't take too long to figure out, who the culprit was and to calculate when Lestrade would be near enough to the door to hear him knocking.
"Calm down, your pulse is running. Like you said: Lestrade is on his way. Nothing to worry about, you're only gonna catch a cold, but that's it"
"Lestrade is on his way and I'll be fine"
Plus Scotland Yard was at the other end of London and it was around 4 pm, which meant another half of an hour to get here and god knows how long it would take him to check the cold storage. That could get dangerous for John and serious for him without his coat.
"Got locked in, but before we resume let's take John somewhere warm" with that he turned around and carefully picked John up bridal style. The DI chuckled.
The shivering ex-soldier looked at him as if he was scolding a child "L... late"
On his way down the stairs he texted Lestrade the news, so he could send one of the forensic idiots to try and find new evidence at the once again crime scene.
Between the shelves filled with lettuce and meat there was the shivering figure of his friend.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. Even though John was in the by far worse state he still took care of him. It was stupid but... endearing.
"Cuddle" John said looking up sheepishly.
"No way. You've got hypothermia and I'm fine"
For a second Sherlock was caught off guard. Cuddling? Was he getting sentimental thinking he was going to die? No, it dawned on him, he only suggested sharing the coat and the remaining body heat. John still looked at him, so he sat down next to his friend and pulled the coat around his shoulders as well.
Finally there was a noise outside and he sprinted to the door pounding at the metal. As soon as the door opened, Sherlocks mouth did too
Sherlock scanned the room, but there was nothing he could use as an emergency route. A look on his mobile confirmed no signal.
"And why are you two in here?"
Sherlock glanced at his watch and sighed. John was really taking his sweet time. Sure he was always kind of slow, but this was a new level even for him. The detective had only asked him to check the victim's relationships with her colleagues. People tended to entrust John with more information than him so he used that. Well, maybe John was talking someone through a breakup or something like that.
"I'm not scared, John"
"Actually, I think, I can walk" John mumbled clearly embarrassed.
"You look as if you're carrying your groom"
The disadvantages of a clever mind were, that it could create hundreds of horrible pictures of what might have happened in just split seconds. Sherlock cut John out of the picture if he was unconscious, he was just a man of about 70 kg and it was easier to stay calm when there was a nameless person in danger and not his only friend.
"Get back, you need to get warmer" the detective searched for cold hands and pulled them around himself.
Sherlock rolled his eyes at his friend, who couldn't see it.
Of course, he grunted at his rookie mistake. Don't get the blood flow up as long as the blood is that cold.
On the bottom of the stairs he took in his surroundings. The nearest room was the cold storage.
"Of course you're not"
"Sherlock!" the tone indicated that it wasn't the first time he had called him.
"Hmm?"
"He must be moved as little as possible to prevent the cold blood from flowing into his heart."
"Breathing normal, pulse slightly increased, good"
The highest probability was that the new victim was still in this building. To go outside from the bureau you had to either go through the kitchen or the dining room and since the kidnapper probably wanted to avoid witnesses these options were highly unlikely.
Okay, so carrying it was. Quickly the detective shrugged off his coat and covered John in it. Just as he got down to lift his friend the door clicked shut.
He whirled around and tried to open it again, but there was no handle on the inside.
He began wandering up and down, hands under his chin. He had texted Lestrade that there was new evidence to be taken care of, but that meant at least quarter of an hour to convince any of those idiots of his to come to a crime scene and work with Sherlock.
"Fuck!" Another rookie mistake, never turn your back to the door. What was wrong with him? 'Emotional context, Sherlock' a female voice taunted him.
Johns head stayed where it was, presumably to have constant check on the detective's vital signs.
"Fuck, you gonna get hypothermia even quicker like this!" John darted back
John was his doctor and that guy was going to pay for locking him up in this bloody refrigerator.
He felt Johns head coming to rest on his back, obviously agreeing with his reasoning and trying to get as warm as possible. It was still weird having someone that close, but since it was John and it was for his health, he was okay with it. To be honest it wasn't a bad feeling at all.
He looked at the other man whose eyed were wide with fear.
"Take.. back... your coat!" he ordered with his best attempt on a military tone but failed horribly due to the stuttering.
(See the end of the chapter for
Watson’s growl echoes throughout the entire room. It needs no help to be heard what with the roaring silence that has everyone stuck in suspended animation.
I mean it when I say that you guys deserve to enjoy your holidays.
Watson’s eyes widen and he looks down at Sherlock who simply licks his lips and stares at him doe-like. He manages to nod, but then Sherlock admits, not even with a hint of shyness, “That’s not all...I want you to do it while you fuck my mouth.” And yep, Watson’s fucking gone. Where on Earth did Sherlock even learn to talk like that? Not that he’s complaining. It’s just a little dizzying how fast Sherlock can go from sweet and virginal to evil and seductive in seconds. It doesn’t make sense, but then again nothing makes sense right now, especially not when Watson’s hand unconsciously finds Sherlock’s hair and gives an almost bruising tug. He watches the crimson creep to the lad’s cheeks and his wet, red lips form a small ‘O’ as he realizes that he is getting what he wants.
The men take their helmets off, and their faces turn grave. And soon Sherlock finds that he cannot move, he wants to walk away, but dammit he is paralyzed.
John shook his head and grabbed the bottle from his son. Jacob began to protest, but John shut him down effectively. “You didn't take any the last 2 minutes, so I'm guessing you'll be fine until we get there. If you were really that hungry, you would have eaten before, so quit that face.” He capped the bottle and threw it in the bag as well.
, I will
“No. No, I'm not- no. I'm just curious. That's all. You know I couldn't deal with a relationship right now if I wanted to – which I definitely don't!” John tried to clarify.
sorry I am such a bother.” John huffed in fake offence.
“The most elastic pair I own.” the younger man confirmed as John kept pulling at them to try and do them up.
“I would stop and undress properly, but....”
When he'd first started doing these, Sherlock had grunted at the silly behaviour John was displaying, but eventually just accepted that this was what parents did. Now, not a sound came from the kitchen while John made learning a game for them.
“That's stupid!” Sherlock frowned, wrinkling his nose. John shrugged in agreement.
“And John- is he...?”
“That he is.” Sherlock agreed, his focus shifting away from Lestrade and the living room.
The lack of patients these weeks was confusing him greatly, but he couldn't be bothered to give it much thought – his brain couldn't work around it anyway. Just coming in to work was such a mechanical action, running on autopilot.
Now he was certain: he wanted to keep the pup and he definitely, definitely wanted to keep John. John, who tended to him without being asked. John who had accepted and even liked him right from the start. John who first had smelled so rich and desirable and now irresistible, yet comforting. John, who was the right one for him; the only one.
Sherlock turned back to his notes and scribbled something down. John took seven toddler-friendly ice lollies out, put one down next to Sherlock's papers and squeezed his arm on his way past. The Alpha waited for John to disappear around the corner into the living room before he freed the hardened fruit smoothie from it's paper wrapping. John, meanwhile, kneeled back down with the five toddlers, getting their attention easily and handing them the treats one by one. They were all the same colour, so there was no fighting over reds or greens; John guessed Sherlock just made one full smoothie and then spread it out among the self-made moulds. He'd cut the cups shorter and split down the side to tack them back together more tightly, creating small moulds, with flat tops for minimal risk and optimal portioning. John couldn't help his smile as he licked on his own ice lolly, his pups first watching, making sure this was edible, then focusing entirely on their new task. John thought it funny how they'd put toys, choking hazards and pointy things in their mouths without care, but looked to him to demonstrate food wasn't dangerous. Most of them were surprised by the cold, as they'd not had anything frozen before, but they seemed to enjoy the taste. Which their father could understand – they weren't too bitter, but also not overly sweet and really quite refreshing.
“It seems I am not the only one to be a little sensitive today.” Sherlock teased, a smug grin on his face.
“It does have something irrationally... calming to it.” Sherlock replied, idly palming the sides of his belly.
“Not for this. I'll see you later.”
“I love you.”
“Well, as you can see, I am not alone. I am, in fact, on my way the the shops with my boyfriend here.” he said in an annoyed tone, raising their joined hands to eye-level. This wasn't the first ignorant Alpha they had to deal with. Unbonded Omegas weren't always safe outside as it is, but
“Long walks.”
“You have an idea already?!” Lestrade expressed his bewilderment.
John's posture suddenly fell, all fight drained out of him. “You want to know my secret? I was initially planning to show you when I'm finished, but if it bothers you this much..” he said, standing, grabbing Sherlock's hand and gently pulling him along behind him.
His eyes snapped open, he hardly dared to turn his head to the side, finally having the sound of soft snoring reach his ears. As his careful gaze at last took in the sight of John... Did John-? Had he-? Oh, god, he didn't-!? Sherlock reached a trying hand towards his neck, brushing over every inch of skin he could reach. Nothing. He sighed his relief.
John wanted to say something, but couldn't figure out the words without accidentally overstepping some lines. He dropped his gaze.
As, in heat, the ring of muscle was already naturally loosened, John very soon pushed in another finger, giving Sherlock that beautiful,
“Was it yours?”
Sherlock huffed in annoyance. He had accepted the consequences of being pregnant, but that didn't mean he had to like the fact of losing his fitness. “Yes, eventually I will look like a beach ball.”
He couldn't resist any longer, Sherlock waited.
“Thank you, I'd rather have a shower – I have done enough laying down these past days.” he replied, their tender exchange not subsiding. After a minute or so Sherlock found his voice again. “You know, to get a shower, it would be helpful if you let me get up.” he whispered fondly.
“Your first? You have another son?” John asked curiously.
He had done it when they were children, making it obvious he was to present as omega and had not stopped since because he had never had children of his own, or even a second heat. He had loathed his nature and had acted against it ever since he'd known about it. “No, but without your work for Scotland Yard, you would never have found private clients.”
Sherlock's head fell back against the wall with a low moan.
Another chapter here :)
“In fact, I think we should go for walks on a daily basis.”
He must have fallen asleep at some point because John shook him awake gently, face close to his own as he knelt in front of the furniture. He felt fingers brushing away some stray curls, but only had sleepy eyes for the smiling dark blue in front of him, the feeling of shaven skin under his palm and eager thin lips handing over the other's soul. His chest felt too tight again, like he was about to burst, but if it be, so be it.
John, feeling cornered, breathed lowly. “Why do you say that?”
He felt sick all over.
“You're interfering.” Sherlock shot back, somehow managing to look no smaller than the man in his three-piece suit and overly posh grooming. “I ask you to locate
Being trapped inside it while doors slammed open and shut over and over again without his control was not that pleasant. For once, Sherlock had felt an anxious longing to escape his second home. Everything in it was screaming at him, even John. After blissful cuddling he began screaming his name and he couldn't say if it was concern or anger booming out of the mental image of his mate, but it scared him.
Finally John stirred awake, his mate's unrest influencing him more than his shouts. Except it wasn't unrest. It was... panic? Yes, panic, John and you need to catch up right now! “Sherlock? What's wrong?”
Sherlock nodded to himself, a silent 'thank you'. He let it seep into his voice so John knew it was there as well. “Good luck, John.” and with that he was jumping downstairs again, presumably occupying the living area of the flat.
“It was just a big scare. And, although we know they've started growing again, there could still be something wrong. I guess we're both just a bit tense about that.” he spoke more softly than he usually would, earning himself a look from Sherlock, which he didn't return.
The older man grabbed the lifeless body by its shoulders and heaved it up to stand. “As exhausted as you are, you will, trust me.”
“Right now, I would be more than obliged to submit to that.”
“I'm suddenly having a deja-vu.” John grinned softly. “Now, I guess we just have to not be noticed, huh?”John found looking suspicious very hard to do, especially when the smell of arrogant, entitled Alphas was battling with the odours he was now slowly getting used to.
“Sorry, I swear I'm not intentionally loading this on you. Wait, where's-” he twisted around, remembering his own popsicle and found a large stain on the carped close to where his head had been. “Shit, no!” He brought his hand against his forehead.
The brunet was under within seconds again and John made sure he was asleep before getting back up to leave the room, wide awake suddenly.
“All that matters now is that you're back and safe. Everything else we can discuss once you're recovered and home.”
He hardly spared the latter a glance, but held John back with an outstretched hand. “What do
Next time he woke, it was to movement on the mattress. He blinked his eyes open to see John kneeling down beside him, stark naked, half-hard and beautiful as fuck, quite literally so. When John saw Sherlock awake, he turned around and grabbed for a tray loaded with sandwiches and drinks. So, he had been up to prepare nutrition. “How're you feeling? Hungry, I hope.” he asked softly, looking down at the ridiculous amount of food he had brought and smirking at his own overly careful attitude.
Looking down, Sherlock frowned. “Now I'll have to get rid of these trousers.”
“No, but neither do we know that the embryo has any kind of abnormality in it. Please calm down.”John replied softly and straddled Sherlock's lap to guide his face against his neck where Sherlock nuzzled into the skin, taking deep breaths with John's scent filling his nostrils and nipping at the flesh as if preparing it for a bite.
“For the same reason you wanted me to buy you.”
“So.. you know him well?”
John was a little confused by her choice of words and began to protest. “Actually, we're not going-”
“Sherlock, I am old – older than one should be for their first pup. You, however are five years younger than me and still in your prime, especially with your Omega nature only just evolving now. I pretty much gave up on my wish to one day have a family when I moved in with you and- well, anyway. I will not force you to settle down with me, just because I want to have this pup with you. You've still got options. I know you don't fancy the quite family life and even if so, you should still have chance and right to go and find yourself the partner you want. So, if you wish to abort this baby, I will not intervene. If you want to keep it, I will support you as much as I can or, if you don't want me to, leave this flat, this life, whatever you say you want me to do.”
Sherlock's mind wasn't really at ease and he continued to stare at the bloody picture for so long, John eventually just took it from him and lay it aside where it was safe but out of sight for the Omega.
John froze in shock and for a very brief moment, Sherlock wondered if he'd been too harsh.
“It would have been wise to do so over a month ago.” John said rather curtly. Sherlock spun around to him, giving him the 'stop that' look that John knew all too well by now. But instead of turning back around or leaving a crude remark, the Omega cupped his face and kissed him lightly and John didn't know how he deserved this. “How do you love me so much?” he asked honestly, fighting a rush of tears because honestly, he couldn't keep this up for much longer. He was crumbling,
“So, you mean the pups are okay?!”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I will go back on suppressants. I can pass as an ordinary Omega that way. After all, that's how I got into the army.”
John's mouth twitched a little when Sherlock kissed his hand, looking at him expectantly. “You never answered me: why do you love me so much?”
Sherlock shrugged at that. “Haven't the faintest. Hungry?” he asked, already ducking into a restaurant. John followed. Sherlock seemed to know this place very well, addressing the waiter that showed them to their table by name. “22 Northumberland Street, keep your eyes on it.” he said with a nod to a building outside.
Lisa left her details and made them promise, again, not to tell her parents before taking off. John looked at Sherlock with a troubled expression on his face.
The Alpha looked down the street ahead of them. “Yeah, I know.” he mused, pushing everything irrational as far back as possible to concentrate properly. “It's not like I want this or do it on purpose.” he fired back, falling silent.
“But why a sibling? Why not the dog?” John asked, confused.
“You did want this, didn't you?” Stupid question.
“I must say, we're glad to see you go, Mr. Holmes. For various reasons.” said one of the nurses, giving him a cheeky smile. She was one of the few hospital staff who didn't take his snide remarks as offence. She was also the only one he had accepted as assistance when John hadn't been there. When he thought Sherlock was sleeping soundly, waking only with John's aid.
Sherlock, having forgotten for a moment that no one really knew John was a purist, shook his head. “Nevermind. He just isn't, at this time, in a position to care for a family as large as his. It's obvious that bothers him.”
“The mental bond? The conscious manipulation of it? Turning it on and off at our will? Only quite catching when all doubts between us were erased? How would you explain these things if not by a perfect bond? Ordinary bonds don't feature these abilities.”
“I never thought an Omega could find such pleasure through stimulation of their secondary sex organ.” he panted.
“Never said I did. I merely asked if it is possible.”
With help from Mr Hudson, John moved the kids over to the living room for their daily learning routine. He cleared the kitchen table and nudged Sherlock out of his trance. He thanked Mrs Hudson and sat down by his pups. He drew their attention to himself and started by waving at Rosie, saying hello. The first time, they just watched. John waited and Rosie waved back, in a manner of speaking. She was moving her fist a little, her eyes fixated on her father in distant fascination.
“What?! That is absolutely careless and irresponsible! And people call
“Why a I coming?” he asked eventually.
“Northumberland Street's a five-minute walk from here. He'll be desperate to get caught.”
“I.. did?” Sherlock asked and, for a second, John looked like he genuinely was about to swing his fist. For a second, Sherlock was mildly terrified by John. “It's- I- no- ah... I- I seem to have forgotten I told you, that does
“I have sex.”
“What? Oh, it's, uh, here. It's in 221 Baker Street. Why what is it?” he requested from the Alpha, who was already turning around, mumbling under his breath about impossibility.
“No.”
They worried more about each other than about themselves. He wondered if that was a blessing or a curse.
Sherlock shushed him and only as he stopped talking did John notice he was right in the middle of a panic attack. He let Sherlock stabilise him and breathed through it, eyes cast to the ground in mild shame. “You don't have to explain anything, John, I can paint my own picture. All you have to do is tell me whether you want to stay on the case with me or go home and relax. You shouldn't be this... involved.”
“You're really not one for sexy-talk..”
It had John sigh contently. Sherlock calmed down immediately. “I will have to delete the memory of Mycroft stepping in or else I'll be conditioned to automatically associate sex with him – that would be no fun at all..”
It took the paramedics long and torturous minutes to finally arrive and when they did, they asked John to step away – how could they take his mate away in a situation like this?! Only upon explaining he was a doctor was John allowed to assist, hold Sherlock's hand, kiss his forehead and hold one of his legs as they were shoved apart.
Sorry for the incredibly short chapter, but I just.. don't know. I didn't feel like writing too much to this since there are more visits to the doctor's coming anyway and I have a much more interesting chapter ready and steady for you anyway ;)
John appreciated this and, while it would have been nice for once to have someone show he wasn't alone, he was glad he could proof his own strength in this moment.
John smirked, then fell silent. Sherlock wouldn't like to hear the answer.
He didn't have much more time to ponder his new surroundings, as heavy footsteps sounded on the stairs moments later. John re-entered the room, stopping when he saw Sherlock and smiling. “You're a bit light for my taste, but cutting out on the drugs should get you there.” he said, walking over to Sherlock, dropping his phone on the coffee table. “Rule number two: No drugs. You won't be craving them any more any way. Rule number one:” he continued, grabbing Sherlock's chin. John pupils were blown as he looked down on him, “You're my bitch now. When I call, you come – in whatever way I want you to. You're clever; you'll know
“Wait, hang on!” John intervened, storming out of the kitchen. “You were out for a case?!”
wasn't here. I wasn't here for him....” John repeated time after time, apparently not having registered Mycroft's indirect question.
“You know I love you. You know I love them. I just want them to become better humans than we are..”
He let John know. Of the fear he'd felt for their pups. The day he realised he was becoming thinner again and that his abdomen hadn't changed for a while. He'd eaten everything presented to him, but a meal a day simply wasn't enough for an Omega growing four pups.
“Because it's
Sherlock practically roared as John's body clenched around him and he spilled deep inside his mate, thrusts stopping immediately when he was buried inside John all the way.
Trying to level his breathing, Sherlock pressed out his reply. “I never presented!” He was drawing up his legs onto the seat of his chair now, an attempt to hide his body from the world and, most importantly, from John.
“Well, in that case, I'd probably better protect what is mine, huh?” John murmured deeply, straddling Sherlock's lap, cupping his face and kissing him intensely.
Sherlock did give a half-hearted promise and shut the door on them when his mother reached out to touch his cheek again. “Oh, for God's-...” he began and never finished, the door clicking shut.
The Omega pursed his lips in mock consideration. “No offence, but you aren't really frightening.”
“Not in a hospital.”
“Sherlock, I've been around Omegas in heat. It never was so.. intense.”
John's steps were audible on his way up the stairs. Sherlock's insides screamed: his mate was back! This had to stop, it was consuming to much of his mind! “Hey, love, how've you been?” he asked, leaning down to kiss Sherlock.
John stared at Sherlock for a moment, perplexed by the sudden outburst. When he'd caught up, he blinked rapidly, lowering his gaze to the sterile floor.
Their junction was a transcendent state in space and time and Sherlock had never been one for poetry, but lord witness, their souls rose high.
“Yes, there were no larger clumps that would suggest I have lost it yet.”
“Uh, yeah, well.. Might be a bit more difficult than I'd thought..” John admitted, fumbling. He'd never had to manage on his own before and he had to find that he'd underestimated certain aspects. Sherlock regarded him with an enquiring look. “Turns out I only get the first prescription for free; to see if the pills work for me, I suppose. Before, they were paid for by my insurance because I started on them when I was underage, but now.. I mean, I'll have to wait for my job interviews, of course, but having enough money left to pay for... accommodation.. I don't know. I might just be over-thinking. Don't mind me.”
“Don't underestimate me...”
“You haven't come to terms with that yet? I- I thought you..” he replied hurriedly, drifting off as he had to re-calculate what to say to not upset John now.
! Just how large am I going to get?!” John lay a soothing hand on Sherlock's thigh as he felt him stir internally.
He could sense John's nervousness and how he fought the urge to flip Sherlock around and punish him for treating him, the Alpha, like this, in favour for indulgence of the feeling of Sherlock's tongue wetting his opening.
Ten minutes later, he was queuing to pay a pre-made sandwich and a bottle of water from an in-station shop. Another five minutes later, he sat down in the chilly air at the platform, the seats in the waiting lounge all taken up. It was busy, the lack of service for London leaving a lot of people stranded. He heard a pair of teenagers curse the lack of updates they were getting and a mother talking to someone on the phone, trying desperately to calm her crying infant.
To be fair, neither did John. Not really. He still didn't comprehend how his psyche could affect his body in such ways, much less his subconscious. But he knew it was in relation to Sherlock himself. When Sherlock was happy, John fell asleep easier or managed another slice of bread. But whenever the Omega looked at him, there was a wave of grief and sorrow coursing through both of them and he felt ready to spit just thinking about food. Looking at the clock, he noted he had two hours before Sherlock had to be woken for lunch, so he grabbed the bag with their old clothes and set off to return in time with a new set, asking the nurse about taking Sherlock out into the hospital's garden and, with her consent, re-entered the room, storing their stuff before gently waking his mate with a kiss to the forehead and some light shaking just as lunch was brought to him.
“Shut up.” the Alpha cut in. “How many bloody times do you need to be told something until you accept it? Is it so difficult to believe that someone would do you a kindness? That someone might just like you?”
John did as requested and as soon as he got up, Sherlock carefully but firmly inserted the plug with the help of John's natural lubrication. John's eyes grew wide at the sudden intrusion of something bigger than his mate's cock and came with a shout as the widest part breached him and the toy got locked inside him.
John chuckled and lifted his head to look at the Omega. “Do you like that? Do you enjoy being my bitch?” he growled, pressing his hips further forward. Sherlock could feel his massive cock rub against his abdomen and, looking down, observed the movement of John's pelvis. The friction made his eyes water as he came, nearly dry and in pain, a bit of tea sloshing over the brim of the cup and onto his hand. John opened his pants and reached for his prick, stroking it a few times and shooting his seed up to Sherlock's chin with a grunt. A white line painted Sherlock's chest with the after-shots. “Go, clean yourself up and then go upstairs.”
The closeness to and intimate attention by John sent out waves of endorphins and pheromones, ejected by John's contented alpha nature, through Sherlock's body and it was with great pleasure that he felt John's attention shifting further down to his hardening member. Just the tip of John's tongue brushing all the way down the shaft, followed by the entire width of it pushing all the way up again, his lips enveloping the tips sucking lightly at it.
She smiled again, finally granting him some eye contact. She was a really pretty woman. “None at all,” she said, then added “John” as an afterthought.
Mycroft didn't seem satisfied with that vague answer. “Do you intent to continue your association with him?”
Sherlock is rather representing light in this rather dark world, while keeping his grey-zone character.
Promptly, the shyness was back. “Well, I've never been..” John cleared his throat. “No one ever dared to place their mouth on me, they just looked... terrified.”
He didn't care much, to be honest. He loved Sherlock and was loved back by him, which was all that counted to him in their relationship. What either of their hormonal changes did to the other was considerably irrelevant, whether they fucked like crazy or threw stuff at each other wouldn't matter to him, really – it was all a display of how much they both cared.
The Omega frowned, John wasn't responding at all. “Come on, John. Have sex with me!” he said in a pleading voice. It wasn't hard to figure out that he was getting frustrated.
Sherlock was watching him, trying to figure out something that was really bothering him ever since he had noticed John being absent when he slept. He'd felt it very early on, just his dreams changing abruptly, the scenery getting dark cold and lonely. John was cutting him off in those times. Maybe he didn't want Sherlock knowing what he talked about to his therapist? But then, how many appointments has he had? More than one a week was more than unusual. John was keeping a secret from him, which worried him. He only worked that out now, which, frankly, alarmed him. Could that explain the constant guilt in John's eyes? Had he deduced wrong?
“What?!”
John merely lifted an eyebrow, not even raising his gaze from where it fixed his laptop's screen.”I am not going to be part of your childish squabbles.”
The Omega collapsed on top and, reluctantly, John rolled both their shaking, panting bodies to the side so they had a little more room to catch their breath.
“No, we'll be fine, thanks.” John answered with a kind smile.
“You.. taught them to be strong and confident women?” John joked and the Lady shook her head with an endearing chuckle, that was so very much like Sherlock's, he felt like he had finally found his family.
“I still won't live off your brother's wealth.” the Alpha grinned as Sherlock huffed out an annoyed breath. “You might be a sociopath, but I still have my pride. Can't change my opinion about certain things.. Not anymore.”
“Now, Mr. Holmes, we are just going to run a few tests this time, yes? I just want to take your blood pressure, a sample of both your blood and your urine and I would like to take a peek downstairs.”
“I'll fit it in somehow – I have done so far.”
John thought for a moment until his food arrived. “How long have you been... unattached then? I just mean, he's not the first to try and... you know.”
The Alpha had mercy and poured him a second glass, which was emptied just as easily. There was no further begging – surely because Sherlock knew it wouldn't play out in his favour – but there also were no quips or sarcastic comments. The man had gone down really fast and easily, considering his reputation. Usually, Sherlock stood above those things, but now, cowering on the hard, cold floor, all he could do was to fear for his unborn pups and worry about his mate. There was little possibility to think of anything else and it bothered him; unconsciously, it bothered him. He needed to stay focused and sharp, to converse with this Alpha and gather information. He tried formulating a question, but all that got out was a low mewling sound. The man left him again and he crawled back onto the bed. Maybe the intake of water and carbohydrates would back up his system into functionality. Malnourished, he was just an easier victim to hormones, drugs and all sorts of illnesses.
John chuckled. “Then everything you shall have. Well, at least everything we've got here.” and with a final chaste kiss, he got up to prepare a right dinner buffet of which Sherlock ate almost everything and later threw up almost half of.
“John?” Sherlock murmured and felt his deep voice resonating through John's body.
So, John told the driver to go to NSY instead of Baker Street, which was, fortunately, just round the corner from where they had gotten.
“Sherlock.” John scowled, batting Sherlock's hand away in petulance
“No. No, I mean.. What if it's unhappy? It will get bullied at school..”
“I was thinking not at all.” John could practically
Sherlock smiled at him cheekily and John gave one of his small smiles as well. The Omega tugged at his hand a little, so he leant down and kissed him, feeling the slight tremble against his lips and the tense breathing against his cheek. Most importantly, though, he felt glad. So, so glad.
“I had the foresight of knowing I'd have things to make up for.”
“He's very capable of caring for his children by himself.”
The DI, the Beta whose scent John kept recognising and could now finally pin-point to him, answered him for Sherlock. “It's Jennifer Wilson's phone, he said the murderer has it. Must've fallen out of the case.”
He placed his head in his hands, elbows resting on the wooden desk as his friend stroked his back soothingly, continuing to talk to him. John knew he was just trying to keep him from passing out entirely, but there was nothing but white noise in his ears as he tried to get back in contact with his mate.
His heart was pounding so strongly he barely had a chance to calm down as he heard it thumping in his ears and felt his throat and wrists moving slightly with the force of it.
“Yes.. where did you think you were going to have them?”
She took and released a drag from her cigarette, shaking her head fondly. “You have the looks of an accomplished person.” He laughed in flattered uncertainty. “So you're a doctor and a father, huh? But a friend is taking care of your children for you... your partner die?”
“What? Why not?”
He could see Sherlock wanting to protest, but evidently the Alpha had to admit John's greater experience and knowledge in this. “Please, I swear I'm not making this up.” He could feel tears prickling in his eyes. Memories and imagination going hand in hand with John's thoughts to what the child might be going through right this moment.
“I'll leave it to you, love. I can't force you.”
Hey, there!
“I don't have that!”
“You know, that flirty 'show me what you've got' air.”
“Meaning?”
John's grin fell instantly. “What do you mean?” he asked in part confusion, part challenge.
“How about I take you out to dinner next week. That is, if that friend of yours doesn't mind watching your pups a few hours while you ingest some Greek specialities?”
John hadn't given it much thought, but now that Sherlock was looking into his eyes again for just a second at a time while curling up in pain, he started wondering how Sherlock must have felt all along. Being more emotional and sociable since he presented seemed to have come naturally and without issues, but did Sherlock sometimes battle himself over allowing himself to be that way? Did he often feel helpless with his bodies desires and actions? The thought made John feel uncomfortably self-conscious. Maybe Sherlock wouldn't have given his consent all the time had he been entirely in control of his actions. He felt sick.
John frowned. “You know that's also not exactly healthy for you, right?”
John sounded stressed, anxious, annoyed. Sherlock put on an extra calm demeanour. “Will I be able to take the pups out of daycare?”
“Last time I checked you were busy taking their pulse after shooting them.”
“Yes, because I am such a perfect choice to being a parent.” Self-pitying, brilliant!
“Wait, hang on, what?” the DI questioned, going after him and grabbing his arm to stop him. “How about you sit down for a minute-”
“The werewolf then. What was it.. James? Jim? Julian? Jack?”
He had been thinking all of this through for two weeks now and he was starting to feel his body change already. Unlike other Omegas, he had trained himself to note even the tiniest development about his body, even if he thought it merely transport, and he could tell, that any day now, he would start spitting as his body tried to reject the stranger cells inside him.
John is an Alpha with alpha urges. Sherlock disapproves of sometimes.
Sherlock gave something akin to a nod, leaning heavily onto John as they shifted him from the bed. Blue lights began to flash over the walls in streaks.
“Mh, you'll get used to it.” John offered, obviously hopeful it would stop Sherlock from giving up their relationship.
“Why would we do that?”
It gave an angry growl and John pinched his eyes closed as he moaned along in misery. Fortunately, Sherlock set down the container and shifted his focus to gently massaging John's oversized, taught belly, as a result of which the Omega moaned, head lulling back in relief. He was more than glad that the time they'd spent doing this certain routines had managed to manifest themselves. Sherlock knew when John reached his limit and wouldn't push beyond that. Instead, he leaned in, kissing John soothingly as he continued to rub the stretched surface.
He took a paper-clip from Jacob's hand, stopping it on its tracks to an eager and curious mouth. “Not for eating,” he said calmly, shaking his head lightly, paper-clip well in sight. Jacob looked at it with great interest, his brain working through the new information. Rosie made a noise playing with her stuffed dog and promptly, Jacob had a new game to focus on. John got up and walked into the kitchen. “Hey, I know I can't ask you what to do and what not to do in your own flat, but could you give me a heads up about stuff like this laying around on the floor before I let the children loose? I.. don't fancy a cab ride to the ER for someone swallowing shit..”
happened, is that you dropped another ovum, likely a reaction to the high amount of sex you are having after your cycle has just begun. Your body is confused.”
Lost in a tangle of legs, hands grasping at hair and lips trying desperately to breath through each other, climax was approaching quickly and an impact inevitable.
Sherlock saw John grab for his phone on the night stand on his side of the bed in his peripheral vision, his focus staying on his tainted trousers. “I'm losing it, John, aren't I?”
“It's been too long, besides, Regent's Park is far too big and open to pin-point exact locations and form theories. People walk there all day long, no one would notice anyone or see anything out of the ordinary, if the family itself hasn't seen anything.” Sherlock's explanation was disheartening, but only too relatable. John always wanted to think he'd notice stuff, but was proven wrong repeatedly by the genius Alpha.
When he woke, it was with his mate's name on his lips. That word continued to be his entire vocabulary for several long minutes in which he mouthed it in writhing pain, his abdomen cramping around his turning stomach, the ache in the back of his head now a hammering pain. He needed John. Needed his presence, his comfort, his scent. “Jaawn..” he whimpered one last time before losing himself to silent sobbing as his entire body shook and hurt from the inside out.
John hesitated as he listened to Sherlock getting ready to leave the house. He didn't want Sherlock to spend that kind of money on him, but the longer he had to wait for the trains to get back into service, the longer Sherlock would have to look after his children. “I'll leave that up to you. I'm okay waiting, but I'd understand if you didn't want to be alone with them for god knows how long.”
“Well, things have changed. I can't say I'm unhappy about that.”
“Yes, I know.” she said, continuing to tap away at her phone, her voice bearing the most professional smile John's ever heard.
“No, I am definitely
.” Sherlock replied, wrinkling his nose. “Tell me you've got an interesting case!” he demanded dramatically, consumed by the sheer agony of having nothing to but to organise his mind palace and that he had already done during John's last shift two days ago.
Finally, through the windows of one room, he saw a room in the opposite building lit up, inside, two people. He looked more closely and recognised Sherlock's shape. Knowing that Sherlock was over there, likely with the serial killer, John tried calling out to him, but, of course, Sherlock couldn't hear him. John was about to run right back out and get over there, when he saw Sherlock holding something small. He could hardly believe it when he could make out Sherlock lowering what he could only assume to be the poison the other victims had taken, to his lips. He panicked. At a loss for better solutions, John opened the window, grabbed his gun, aimed and shot. It was only when Sherlock turned around that John fully realised what he'd done. He ducked and slowly crouched back towards the door, then ensured nobody saw him as he made an escape from the building after washing his hands inside, wiping over the sink where he'd touched it.
John said nothing, just tucked in his chin further.
John was still rolling his knuckles against the slim back, his fingers exhausted by now, when he was beginning to feel really tired.
“22 Northumberland Street. Hurry up!” he presses and as John sent it and looked back up, Sherlock had produced a pink suitcase, unzipped it and was clearly waiting for something to happen.
, the police might come too late.
He remembered that leather bind far too well. He knew that diagnosis far too well. He knew Mycroft was just trying to break his defences, but he couldn't help it. “What's that?”
Sherlock returned John's serious, but open look. It was still strange to the Omega to be treated so kindly. At least it didn't upset him any more; he didn't expect the one-eighty any more that would have him knocked out and his pups taken away. He was still unsure how to handle this at times. “But seriously, it's just a carpet.” The Alpha got back up and offered his hand once more. John took it. “Besides, I don't need to be harder on you; you need to be kinder to yourself. Five pups is a lot to take on alone.” He was walking into the kitchen to wash off the plastic sticks for re-use.
John held his hand on the way to their taxi and on the ride back home, which passed by in silence. He carried their bag up the stair after Sherlock, his mate growing a little breathless by the time he reached the last few steps, one hand coming to his back, the other to his belly as he shuffled further into the flat.
“Yes, of course I have. John-”
John actually shed some tears at the great relief and picked up his phone to text Greg those news, rejecting his offer to come around for some comfort and then informed Mycroft, who'd tried contacting him as soon as John had left the Yard, as well. He didn't doubt a second that some camera had filmed him leave with Greg and getting into his car and that the older Holmes brother had somehow deduced through that, that Sherlock had gone missing. Not too difficult to figure out, now that he thought about it.
“That's no secret.” agreed Greg.
“This is his hunting ground, right here in the heart of the city. Now that we know his victims were abducted, that changes everything. Because all of his victims disappeared from busy streets, crowded places, but nobody saw them go. Think! Who do we trust, even though we don’t know them? Who passes unnoticed wherever they go? Who hunts in the middle of a crowd?”
Without further debate, John took off his shoes and climbed in beside Sherlock, who frowned in disapproval at feeling his spine under his hand as John carefully draped himself over him a little. John just felt his insides scream in bliss at being so close to his mate again and leaving scent on him this way again.
Lisa nodded and drew her hand through her brother's hair. “If our parents are going to prison, then where do we go?”
He took his notepad from the small table next to his chair, and a pen. He skipped back to a list of plans he had made weeks ago and ticked off all he'd done already. The one, big issue that was still on there, was 'find a flat'. He looked at it sadly, realising that he still had no foreseeable future in which he could cross that one out.
He never seized trying to reach John, though, he kept fighting against that pounding migraine to get some sort of signal over to his mate, but they must have been too far apart, it would seem, although it appeared to be a little more stable now than it had been before – maybe the drugs had had some kind of belated effect on his limbic system. He threw his head back, arching his spine. It felt like something was stabbing his heart while simultaneously running up and down his spine, using it like a xylophone, but instead of playing the instrument, someone took it for ventilation of anger.
Sherlock cocked an eyebrow and a smirk. “We really need to do something about that kink of yours.”
going out for cases again-”
“How so?”
, he wanted to say and never could because he simply couldn't fight the intense pain in his abdomen and the intense longing of his backside right now.
How he loved that smile. “Yes, we have.” he informed simply.
“I was hoping you'd eat in the kitchen, with me.” John gently asked, pushing back some stray curls covering Sherlock's closed eyes.
“You could have stayed in bed. It'll take a while till I'm done here.” John offered without looking at him. His features were very relaxed, though, so at least he didn't seem to feel bad anymore.
There he was, earning a strangely concerned look from John, sitting right there in front of him.
“I thought you just covered it up. I thought you were an Alpha, or at least a Beta.” John sounded panicky. Panicky was not good. It made himself panic – the Omega reacting to the emotions of the nearby Alpha and if an Alpha panicked, it meant there was danger. An Omega in heat couldn't handle danger.
“Ugh, that house had been scrubbed to the last inch! It reeked of chemicals all just aiming to erase his scent. Your nose would have been too occupied with all of that to really pick up his remaining traces. For that, you deal with hormones too subconsciously. You smelled it, but it was so faint in comparison that the info wasn't even considered. As a purist myself, I have a much more sensitive nose, especially towards other purists. For reproduction or protection, that all depends on the individuals at hand. My suppressants limit my ability to pick up certain scents, but not enough that I wouldn't smell an OP racing towards heat.”
“Hm, sounds like somebody missed their chance..” She was flirting. She was flirting and John didn't know what to do. It had been a good while for him and he wasn't sure he wanted anything like this at the moment.
“When you started telling me your plans, I thought I might as well look into it, yeah. I knew you wouldn't have much time left after your release from the hospital before you'd start having problems. You won't be able to help with these things and my time will be limited by that as well, so... I figured I'd make sure we'll be done in time. I know it isn't too much yet, but I've got almost all the stuff stored for now, just some little things missing like curtains a-”
He looked around the room. The floor boards and wallpaper looked as if they might still be originals. Most of the furniture was also rather vintage. He couldn't say he didn't like that touch. He certainly preferred it to the clinical boldness of the more modern furniture in his family home.
If I leave you, Sherlock, this won't go well for either of us..”
“Nine inches.”
... don't!” he pleaded when the realisation hit him.
Not a second.
Sherlock fixated him with a sharp, intrigued gaze. John felt the Alpha willing him to come to the same conclusion as him. “Think. Why would someone young enough not to have their own email account contact a detective operating privately without their parents' consent?”
“Say, Sherlock... Are.. Are you actively trying to.. make me come in my pants.. as often as possible?”
The Alpha didn't bat an eyelash at the dare. “People around here know me; they know I'm a doctor. One look at you and, no offence, but they won't question my actions.” Just like that, they were moving. Sherlock couldn't help but pout. He pointedly didn't spare the Alpha a look.
“Uh, no I was rather thinking because I break a sweat easily and have a tendency for bad morning breath.” He threw her a cheeky smile and saw that it worked instantly. “But thanks for the warning, I'll know not to seek you out alone at night.”
“Surely, if you have so much more you want to do, you must have urges. Do you masturbate in the shower?”
“You miss the little buggers.” She sounded like she knew this problem all too well. John nodded along, taking another sip of water. The woman took out a pack of cigarettes and offered it to John. He declined, but said nothing against her smoking. “You should give it a try some day,” she said, putting one between her lips and lighting it, “can do real wonders to lower stress.”
You either accept that or I can just drop it.
Ah, I'm sorry it took so long, but I'll spare you all the details from now on. Just read and enjoy.. I guess.
He raised an eyebrow. “Can I help you?”
“No, Sherlock, don't come at me like that! You're in heat, there is no way this could be your fault! And anyway,
“John! Johnnn!” he moaned. Biting his lips in an attempt to keep quiet, he lay his forehead against John's, looking him in the eyes with the torture of approaching bliss, which arrived just when John's calm expression fell to give way a similar one as Sherlock's.
The men had said it to be unlikely he lost it now, but what did they know about his medical past? To be fair, it wouldn't come as a surprise, if all the drugs had killed his insides so far, so that he couldn't properly carry. One hears about these kinds of complications all the time, right?
Stupid biology – the only danger here was Sherlock shooting himself for this scene in front of John. “Why would I cover my scent if I was a Beta?!”
John huffed out a chuckle. “Yes, like we don't have
“No, they were all used
“Well, John, it's highly probable I already am pregnant and, if incredibly not so, will be by the end of this heat.”
On "demand", I created a tumblr account to match this AO3 account. If you have any prompts and want to discreetly push them my way there, here you go: https://www.tumblr.com/blog/kinkmerighthererightnow
“Say that again.”
This stirred Sherlock's awareness back to the room. “What are you implying?”
“If you would.” Sherlock asked rolling his eyes as soon as she turned her back, releasing a deep breath as he looked at John, who looked around checking for anyone else who might have their eyes on Sherlock.
“Mmmh, what good would that do? You burn food just to swell further as my children grow!” Sherlock said in a low rumble, voice growing rough with arousal. He began slowly rutting forward, the bulge in his trousers nudging between John's plush arse cheeks.
Sherlock frowned. “When are we supposed to do that?! In the middle of the night? John, you already work all day long and you do need to eat and sleep. And I am not willing to cut down on the time we have sex.”
John, again, not deeming Mycroft a party to share much with, listed the most obvious steps to his future, with no small amount of sass.“Have the lot, get a job and start living like a human being again, I thought.”
John only tightened his embrace around Sherlock's body. He didn't even expect Sherlock to bring him pleasure.
“Uh, yeah, uhm.” John said, scratching his head as he tried to figure out working time management for this added activity. “Sherlock's still sleeping and I gotta go drop off this lot at the daycare in about 5 minutes, can we do this after? I have some room for until my shift starts.”
He held out his hand and the boy took it in an instant, recognising the parental motivation in John's actions instinctively. They followed the crowd back to the back door, where they were trying their best to get out as fast and quite as they could manage. John pushed his way through and pulled back the ones that were already leaping towards the street, holding his index finger to his mouth and pointing at the kid by his hand. They agreed to protect the children among them as John squeezed his way back inside. He went straight for the dorms again and locked the young employee inside, stealing his keys. One of them looked like it might belong to a locker, so he snuck around, looking for wherever the employees got ready for their job. He thanked all powers that might be for it seeming to be a very guard-less day or time or whatever because he didn't come across a single Alpha or Beta the whole time. He quickly sought out the young employee's locker and found, as expected, his deodorant and cologne. It wouldn't convince anyone that John was an Alpha, but it might just be enough to make him seem like a Beta trying way too hard. If that kid was new, others wouldn't be familiar with him either.
John smiled unhappily even though she couldn't see his face. “Yeah, didn't go well.”
“I'm sorry.” Sherlock said to appease his Alpha and simply leant forward to give it a hearty lick up the shaft, just to dip down into the slit, tasting the pre-come John had produced when his Omega had worked lower regions, the work now being picked back up.
He pulled Kat and Alex closer as they finished up, resting in their love as he tried not to think about what may have happened to all his other pups. His first set of twins would be 23 by now. Adults. He shifted gently and put his pups back down on the bed to get the other three and start feeding them.
Mycroft's smile got even more tense. “Quite right.” Then he watched John finally lift his gaze to him, then quickly shift to Sherlock, who grinned in amusement. John's own laughter stayed in his eyes, but it was no less obvious there. He, more or less accidentally, clicked his tongue as he took in a deep breath, his features straightened again. “I have informed Mummy, of course-”
The Omega dragged the tip of his nose up and down John's erect member first, to calm him and signalise that he still had all the power to stop when he was getting too uncomfortable. Afterwards, Sherlock gave John's testicles a lick and a soft suck to slow down his progress downwards, keeping it calm and without rush. While he was still hovering over his mate's scrotum, his tongue lashed out to put momentary pressure to his perineum, muscles reflexively clenching, John grunting, his erection bobbing, Sherlock smirking. He went further down, his back bowing outwards almost painfully in the unhealthy position and additionally carrying the weight of John's restless calves as they tensed with each time he sucked the tissue against his lips.
They fell asleep on the sofa, cups half-empty, biscuits ¾ gone. When John woke from back pain two hours later, he swatted his hand over, hitting Sherlock's 7
An eyebrow raised, Sherlock added, “Plus he practically single-handedly saved a herd of Omegas from the grasp of an organisation specialising in the enslavement of Omegas to Alphas and Betas.”
Sherlock let the first three spoonfuls pass his lips just so, but with the fourth, he started to move slowly on top of John, who growled his appreciation. The ice cream was laid down next to them, the contents already molten enough to be scooped out without having to hold the box for leverage, and one of John's hands came back up to caress Sherlock's belly ever so gently, careful not to hurt the sensitive skin and flesh, but with enough pressure to adequately feel the light bulge their pups were forming. A lustful moan escaped John's throat and he started moving his hips to the rhythm of Sherlock's – the well known rhythm they'd developed many couplings before; the unique rhythm of their bodies; the perfect rhythm they wouldn't find with anyone else.
“Hmhm. Now, I'm taking from your profession, that you are not likely to be squeamish around blood, which would mean you're more concerned than frightened.” there was a pause in which she looked at him, he looked away and John did they same to not push him. “Mr. Holmes, I assume the paramedics have asked you about your excretions?”
If you have any prompts or commissions for stories, or maybe even ideas for the slave!Sherlock fic I mentioned, please contact me via tumblr (http://kinkmerighthererightnow.tumblr.com/), or via email (kinkmerighthererightnow@gmail.com), or just in the comments below.
“John, you are dying. For all the joy you express for me being alive and getting well, you are taking poor care of yourself.”
A strong hand found its way to the back of Sherlock's neck as John leaned in to kiss him. “I mean it, John. I'm hungry.” the Omega whispered between kisses.
“It's that abnormality we saw in the ultrasound, it
Sherlock nodded, appearing clueless to the situation.
unbonded wouldn't really help him much.
It was the ultrasound that got interesting. The first of many and John and Sherlock were both tense with anticipation, visibly so or not, in Sherlock's case. There was cold gel spread on his abdomen and an apparatus switched on. As soon as that stick touched his body, the screen flickered to life to show vague pictures in black and white. Sherlock couldn't make much of it.
“John...”Sherlock moaned and tried to immediately forget he had just moaned John's name in front of John.
“Well, anyway. I will go back to work as soon as possible, just like I will leave as late as possible, and I will work as many shifts as possible- no,
have a kink for being dominated! I'm just excited to try out new stuff with you and, regarding these last two months, I think that's to be expected of an Alpha! Even in my teens I never had sex more than four times a day, and that's counting hand jobs and everything...”
think you're doing?”
Just go and enjoy it!
John hung his head both in shame and apology. There wasn't more he could tell Sherlock than the same old. “I know, I'm sorry.. It's just difficult to really balance all of this and still have-”
There was a lot of noise and for a while, too, as John came up the stairs, his five pups climbing them on wobbly legs and with a lot of help from their arms. Curiously, they still hadn't started walking, but their interest in stairs had increased significantly, which, to John, was both blessing and curse. He was just lucky they were unable to crawl out of their beds to attempt to get downstairs at night, since he was in the habit of keeping the door ajar, wanting to be woken by any possible suspicious noises, silly as that was in a flat in the middle of London, living with an Alpha in his prime.
Sherlock us the saliva he left on and a tiny bit inside the resistant muscles and on his index finger as he licked it, to push said finger tryingly into the little hole.
“It is now.”
“I love you, too... I love our pup, John, I don't want to lose it!”
“You do look good. I'll prepare lunch.”
Sherlock got, probably unconsciously more eager with that, his fingers moving in a more demanding fashion.
If Sherlock had been horny before, the quick glance to his mate's stirring erection made his own penis join in.
“No. No, you don't get to say sorry. You know well enough that none of this was your fault and you couldn't have made it any better than the way you did.”
“Don't you dare! I'm already fighting enough with this whole omega and hormones business, I don't need you to become another hard-to-handle thing!” the younger man replied in a strict, even accusing tone.
“That wasn't you who bored me – I was bored because there was no case and you weren't home.”
John saw him watch the pups with an oddly calm expression. He looked at them himself and felt very in place in this room and company. “They do like you.” It sounded mushy, but it needed saying. Sherlock deserved the credit.
“Yes, thank you. This is really kind of you.” Sherlock praised. There were more important things on his mind than manners right now.
John, relieved Sherlock was ready to drop the subject, replied relatively easily to what seemed to be the most important question in the matter. “Not to me.”
Naturally, it didn't take Sherlock long to reach orgasm and he sounded as much surprised as he did satisfied. John worked him through it, then let go to focus on himself and not to hurt the other in his post-orgasm overstimulation. He reached for a tissue quickly before finishing, ejaculating into it and cleaning his hands on it before discarding it on the unused night stand on the ghost side of the bed. He crawled back to kiss Sherlock, who promptly pushed him onto his back, draped himself across him like a duvet and proceeded to nuzzle the nape of John's neck.
“Mhm, you're also used to not sleeping or eating for days and yet you have been tired and hungry for the better part of eight weeks.” John added to make his next point, which came after a small pause, as plausible to Sherlock as humanly possible. “Your body is changing. There's a lot of things that will still go 'wrong' or 'weird' according to you usual habits in the next seven months. Right now ,I would say your feet or at least your ankles are swelling. Possibly water being transferred to places it doesn't belong because your body is trying to figure out how to handle what it has finally acknowledged as your babies, creating room, shifting reservoirs. Just be glad those pills are keeping the nausea off the bill.”
“You're not thinking of breaking the bond?” John asked in serious and unconsciously threatening voice.
John slapped him again. His cheek stung beautifully as it caught colour again. “You're such a nuisance. If the sex wasn't good, I'd have tossed you back out onto the street again.” the Alpha spat back, turning him around forcefully, pulling his arse up in the air while simultaneously pushing down hard on between his shoulder blades, sticking out on his bony back. Sherlock was glad he'd done all the stretching himself already.
It was the smirk. John's bloody way of smirking at him, that made Sherlock actually blush the most translucent shade of red. And before Sherlock could reply anything, John sat down his mug and took Sherlock's out of his hand as well just while straddling his lap. The seat of the chair was a bit cramped what with John's legs next to Sherlock's widening hips and plumper thighs, but why bother about something so irrelevant, when all Sherlock needed was right in front of him, forehead touching forehead, noses brushing against each other, lips longing to feel the company of the pair belonging to the one person, that made his insides turn in a rather nice way and his heart ache the closer they got because it just never was close enough.
It’s an inhumane practice that shouldn’t be executed as it does more harm than good.
He lets out a loud, long groan like he’s dying.
“Mary, what is this about? Where was he?”  She is about to answer when Sherlock interrupts. “I was with Irene, another alpha. But it’s not what you think. It’s so much more complicated and-”
“We are going to need you to come with us.”
“God, you’re so innocent.” Watson hears himself say, “Would you even know what to do with a knot?”
The words are honey-sweet but Sherlock closes his eyes, embarrassed. He doesn’t want to tell Watson that he’s always hoped that the alpha would change his mind about Mary. That Sherlock actively refused to give up his innocence to anyone but his good friend. He was waiting for the alpha to claim him as he had already owned Sherlock’s heart, he might as well complete the set. But Sherlock would die before he ever admitted such a pathetic thing to his friend.
They’ve all grown closer, talked more, fought less, Sherlock is pleased with the turn of events.
Sherlock must have read his mind because he’s suddenly loosening the top button of Watson’s pants, giving the alpha some relief from the strain on his erection...Sherlock’s eyes are on his now, but he’s slowly losing his doe-like composure - eyes darkening to a lust filled black and breath coming out in desperate pants. Finally, despite Sherlock seeming to take a
And Watson, who is usually fantastic with words, cannot think of a single sentence that would make Mary consider not murdering him.
“Lestrade believes John Doe committed all these atrocities in search of his long lost omega,” Sherlock offers, helpfully.
Sherlock nods in the negative and then says in the most serious he’s been since last night, “I want you to fuck me here in the foyer.”
They’re back in the sitting room, Sherlock curled up on the couch in about a hundred blankets thanks to Watson being afraid that his omega will freeze, while he is back in his chair, reading a book.
Watson can’t fight it any longer - he puts his arms around Sherlock and holds him tight. “Oh how I’ve missed you.” He admits against Sherlock’s ever present bed head.
It doesn’t take long for them, way before they’re even ready to orgasm, to move their naked, wet selves to the bedroom, where Watson picks up on Sherlock’s desires and lets him ride him.
Watson gently places Sherlock down - he’d never live it down if he damaged him - well any more than he already has - and stares at the lad wide-eyed.
“Doctor, I know when something has nothing to do with me. I’ll just be on my way. If you’ll excuse me.” She motions to move past him before halting and leaning in to whisper, “Ms. Morstan will be returning from her trip to the country by this afternoon. When all of this meets with disaster, I would like no part of it. And, I must admit Doctor, that I didn’t think you had it in you. Now, good day.”
While Watson’s hips continue their torture, Sherlock’s straining member, trapped between them,
“Fine.” She seems to deflate a little.
He had never thought about it like that, about Sherlock’s feelings. He was so used to keeping things hidden and being in his solitude that he hadn’t even considered someone else, especially his Omega. How selfish he had been.
While Sherlock feels pensive, Watson goes in search of him and finds something...different along the way.
He speaks before he thinks and the words come effortlessly again. “What do you mean? How do you know Sherlock?”
The lad huffs. “Did you? From the way you were ignoring me, one would certainly question that statement.”
I wasn't ready to end this story yet so I delayed this chapter, but now I think it's the perfect time to close this tale. It's been one hell of a ride and I loved every minute of it. :)
Lestrade, the mastermind behind the abhorrent scheme chuckles, obviously proud of himself despite the fact that neither Sherlock or Watson finds the idea anything but foolish.
Watson is desperate to find Sherlock and bring the omega home safely. Come hell or high water...
you. I was in rut, I couldn’t handle it, but I did not think about Mary. While I felt as if I were losing my mind, the only person I wanted beside me was you. The only one I thought of was you. She even
‘I Want Your Sex’, George Michael
Mycroft is the secret they all keep, that even
Lestrade pats him on the back, regardless of Sherlock’s apparent lack of enthusiasm. “This will go swimmingly. You’re an omega, you have a natural tendency to woo alphas.”
It’s slow but perfect. Especially since they’ve found a good rhythm. Whenever Sherlock rocks forward, Watson thrusts up. It’s such a glorious feeling to have Watson going deeper than Sherlock ever thought possible, Sherlock comes shamelessly on Watson’s chest below him. And Watson fucks up more insistently, his handprints branding into Sherlock’s  hips whenever he grips too tight.
“He also has the propensity to murder his lovers. Holmes won’t be involved in that nonsense,” Watson argues. “I won’t subject him to that deadly predicament. If
Although Mycroft would refuse to refer to his leaving as being sent away, it was akin to that. As an alpha, Mycroft was experiencing major changes since presenting and was getting fed up with their parents’ lack of understanding. He was becoming more aggressive, more on edge. Their parents couldn’t contain him during his ruts and eventually they decided to have him leave. Mycroft never thought of it like that, he always argued that it was he who wanted to leave, or that it was a mutual agreement.
Wild dark chocolate ringlets frame warm eyes that are currently watching him patiently, and full lips mouthing words Watson can no longer hear, or even care to comprehend, because as his gaze travels lower and lower, the one, simple but overwhelming thought of throwing Sherlock over the nearest hard surface and pounding into him like there is no tomorrow has quite suddenly eclipsed everything else.
Mary’s eyes flicker between Watson and Sherlock. The room goes quiet again, or at least Watson assumes so, as the only sound he hears is the violent pounding of his own heartbeat
but the righteous give without sparing."
He nods. “Right.”
“Until we get enough evidence to make the arrest. Holmes, are you all right? It appears all color has left your face,” Lestrade observes, studying Sherlock curiously.
“I—It appears I’m in h-heat. I didn’t know where else to turn.” The teenager stammers nervously.
He sucks bruising marks into the bared flesh of the omega’s throat, distracting Sherlock, while his hands spread his parted thighs, wider. Watson slots himself between them, giving Sherlock’s arse a loving caress before the omega feels his channel close around something foreign and real, but nothing like what it wants. Sherlock keens as Watson adds another digit, and his hands fly to stifle his desperate moans.
I'm back! (Trying, trying, trying to be consistent, but that is still a work in progress...and sometimes an uphill battle :D)
The sweat-slick slip of their bodies sliding together, Sherlock’s tight trembling channel, the gasps being punched out of his own body and the bliss sparking behind his eyelids is becoming too much for Watson, he feels his knot beginning to swell. He tries to calm himself, but Sherlock definitely isn’t helping; the way he’s moving is mesmerizing and the sounds he’s making are so lewd that Watson feels as if he’s walked into a dream, a dirty, obscene dream where he’s the lucky person who gets to have this.
Watson nods, tearing his gaze away from that glorious arse to stare at the two obsidian orbs burning into his cerulean ones. “Sherlock,” he gasps, “I want you to say it.”
“How’s the doctor? Does he still not know about our
be a dream.
trust you, Holmes. It’s that homicidal maniac of a criminal I don’t trust.”
Blood rises to color Watson’s cheeks. “It’s nothing, just a simple injury, it wouldn’t take a detective to figure it out.”
While John is trying to piece this all together in his head, Sherlock stands. “I’m going to find Moriarty and make him
“Doesn’t answer my question.”
Sixx:A.M. ‘Life is Beautiful’
I love the theme of innocence vs. temptation and thus you'll find many of the quotes I choose have that theme. If you, in any way, find this offensive, please do not read them.
he mentally rebukes himself. He may be an Alpha at a bar in a dodgy part of town but it doesn’t mean he should act no better than the dogs on the street. He is still a gentleman and one of high caliber at that. So he takes a few deep breaths hoping to quell the burning need to
Sherlock is sitting at the table alone, eating his supper when he feels a billow of distress rise up within him. It’s unfounded as there is no imminent danger around him as far as he can tell.
"My poor body...requires it; I am driven on by the flesh, and he must needs go that the devil drives."
Sherlock shrugs. “It seems as if you could build your own monster in here.”
Thank you all for reading!
The lad’s head is lowered, he’s staring down at the cobblestone sidewalk and seems unbothered by the freezing rain dripping down his bangs.
Watson’s about to just give up and go looking for Mary when someone bursts through the door. He sees the familiar mop of dark hair and feels overwhelming relief, as well as confusion, flood his being.
“You really don’t have to do this. We can find someone else.”
And then he smells it: Omega. And not just any Omega,
one. One that makes Omegas cower and Betas eager to leave the situation, but Mary - who is braver than even she often fails to realize- hasn’t moved, instead she has dropped her bags and brolly and is staring at them both in a mixture of shock, confusion and definitive hurt.
“How did you know that I was a physician?” Watson asks after the barkeep brings the lad his beer.
Watson gently cups Sherlock’s face. “They won’t. Believe me, they’ll be so happy to see that you’ve returned that they won’t be able to notice that something’s changed. You’re a smart lad, everything will be alright.”
After sucking a bruising mark to Sherlock’s beautiful, smooth chest, Watson works his way down, placing burning kisses on every inch of exposed skin his lips can find until he reaches the junction between Sherlock’s thighs. His breath ghosts over the bulging member and the lad shudders. It’s a mouthwatering sight, watching Sherlock come undone; it makes Watson want more, to see that innocent face beg him to do filthy things to that untouched body.
- ‘Dirge’ Bob Dylan
“We’ve mated.” Watson admits, raising his head to look her in the eye. “I’m sorry, but it is done.”
If someone had asked him a few days ago if he loved his fiancée, the reply would be an automatic “yes.” It didn’t have to be the truth, just as “I’m fine” didn’t have to be the truth when someone asked how you were doing. It was a socially conventional response and Watson was aware of that. It didn’t matter how he felt, all that mattered was that Mary was happy and no one suspected a thing.
“And you’re a virgin, to boot,” Lestrade supplies, rather unhelpfully. This earns him hard stares from Watson and Sherlock for the millionth time that morning. “What? I am just stating the truth. Even though Holmes isn’t experienced in that. . .practice, the suspect has shown a high interest in virgin omegas. He won’t be able to resist.”
And, beauty dead, black chaos comes again."
Motley Crue
And Watson, feeling as if he’ll die from this, finally starts to go at a steady pace. He quickly loses the battle between his hindbrain and his sense and soon he finds that he’s snapped his hips forward, sheathing himself fully into the lad. He doesn’t stop to enjoy the glorious feeling, but instead pulls out only to thrust back in even harder.
Sherlock lets out a lascivious groan, unintentionally of course, as the pain pleasure tingles through him.
Watson takes a moment to admire the view, Sherlock’s pretty lips are stretched obscenely wide around his member, his eyes are dark and tearing a little at the corners, one hand is on Watson’s waist while the other is beneath the covers as he discreetly jerks himself off. He was meant to take dick, and Watson thinks that it’s a shame for Sherlock to go a minute without having any of his holes properly used, the way nature intended.
“Well, if you sit with me and my mates, I guarantee you not a soul will touch a hair on that head of yours.”
manage to squeeze out of Sherlock’s grip, mumbling garbled phrases that he believes are apologies, but very well could also be nonsense, before getting to the doorway. But right before he’s about to leave entirely, he whispers out loud, keeping his eyes straight ahead of him, and resolutely not looking back, “Yes, I needn’t worry about wooing him if I were you, Sherlock. Trust me. Irresistible does not somehow quite entirely cover it.”
“I said I’d take you with me, but we can’t... Do anything.  Understand?” Watson takes his arms down from where they’ve pinned Sherlock’s to the chilly bricks of the alley wall. He levels his gaze with the boy and hopes he sounds convincing.
Watson doesn’t waste any time - he crowds Sherlock until he has him braced against a wall, pausing to lock the door , he gives the omega a ravenous glance before he’s placing smoldering kisses across Sherlock’s soft throat. The omega’s vision is blurring; he can feel his mind reverting to its primitive nature. He wants to submit to Watson, surrender his entire being to the alpha, and the urge is near violent.
Sherlock wanted to tell him that locking him in his room was also, but decided to hold his tongue. After all, arguing with his parents never helped as they were both too stubborn and stuck in their ignorance to listen to him.
“Oh thank heavens! Doctor, I’m afraid I am in dire need of your help. You see my son here has had an accident. He sprained his ankle and…” The man points behind himself to a woman holding the hand of - Watson can’t hear anything else for his brain finally wakes up after months of disuse and connects the pieces, it’s Sherlock who’s eyes brighten when they lay upon him.
I promised to give you guys a smut-filled bonus chapter and here it is! The tags will be updated accordingly. ;) This was really fun to write. I hope you all enjoy and thanks for sticking around! <3 <3
Before he can ponder any further, an Alpha, a rather large man with a beard, approaches the boy. Watson waits, wondering if he ought to intervene, when he sees the lad nod his head and the man, giving him a lecherous smile, leans in closer before placing a hand on his shoulder.
Next chapter coming soon!
“My parents despise them, they say they’re unnatural.”
“That is a perfectly normal thing that humans do. Or that is what I perceived from our discussion last night.”
Watson immediately knows that something is very wrong.
will be imprinted. He doesn’t think he’d have it any other way.
going to have Sherlock in his bed again, indubitably. But for now, he wants to hear the boy
, his mind supplies him,
He doesn’t know what propels him to this area of town or more specifically, this pub with its gaudy interior, raucous people and its reputation for being rather low-brow.
Hello guys, I am not dead. Sorry if you're disappointed. :P As promised I would post two chapters, and I am, so expect two tomorrow. (^_^) I just wanted to post this teaser for you all because I feel insanely bad about taking so long with my updates. You all have been so amazing and the day I stop telling you guys that is the day I am actually dead.
. Sherlock’s looking up at him from beneath his lashes, wide brown eyes getting impossibly darker as he takes in the heady smell of Watson’s alpha scent with every breath.
“What?”
This is my first time writing a detailed blowjob, and it didn't make me cringe. XD
He takes the boy’s hand and leads him past the sneering Alpha, to a table at the back of the pub. Once they are sitting down, Watson signals for the barkeep to get Sherlock a beer, (he wouldn’t normally give a child alcohol but seeing that they have to keep up with pretenses, he allows it), while glaring at any other Alphas that decide to scrutinize them until they lose their nerve and look away.
Sherlock comes then, his channel clenching around Watson’s knot as the aftershocks pulse through his body. Watson can’t help but whisper encouraging words to him, praising him for being so good. And Sherlock practically purrs beneath him.
"Then tell me, Maria
Sherlock meets Irene Adler, another Alpha, the first one he officially knows other than Watson, at school.
The lad is standing out in the rain, his back is turned and he is absolutely
He stops himself just in time. He doesn’t want to get all possessive with Sherlock, and resort to those base instincts. He’s better than that. Sherlock deserves a mate he can feel safe with, a mate he can trust, and a mate who, in turn, trusts him.
Despite being so far along in his heat, Sherlock, bless his soul, still has enough presence of mind to understand what Watson is asking him to do. “I want it
He kicks and punches but they grip him. “I will scream.” He warns them, but the alphas seem not to care.
The following day, Watson awakens to a certainly
The omega nods, eyes bold with honesty.
And Watson, on instinct, sinks his teeth into that soft exposed neck and groans at the taste of blood filling his mouth. The Alpha he is thrills at the chance he’s taken of actually
Neither of them hears the sound of the door opening,  or the person scurrying in to get away from the cold until they hear an audible gasp from behind Sherlock.
Sherlock is not pleased with that answer. “You don’t seem alright.”
Sherlock preens at the contact, shuddering as Watson’s warm lips press soft, insistent kisses to the side of his throat while his other hand deftly toys with one of the omega’s nipples.
Irene, who is the self-proclaimed eyes and ears of the London underground, divulges all the information she hears with him.
He thinks briefly of leaving Sherlock in the bar alone with the Alphas who want to knot him and he almost growls, because the thought of someone else touching the lad is enough to send him in a careless rage.
Proverbs 21:26
The pace is slow, but steady. Sherlock can’t think of anything but the feeling of being so full with Watson, so full it’s like he can feel him
“Let me be clear: you can’t wear that outfit to see the alpha. There must be something else you can wear. In fact, I still do not like this plan at all. I think it’s highly dangerous and if you’re going to walk in there looking like
“That is all? I believe Watson that you should -”
The words tumble past his lips effortlessly; he can’t stop them. “I love you, Watson. I’m yours. I’ll give you anything you want. Please, just please don’t leave again.” He doesn’t care how desperate he sounds, it’s the truth. It’s always been.
But apparently, someone has other plans, Watson realizes when the doorbell rings.
Taking a seat at an empty table, he signals for the barkeeper and orders a simple lager, just to lighten his head a little, get him in the mood.
Watson moves to stand between them. “Alright, that’s enough out of both of you.” He turns to Mary, “Mary we have matters to discuss and Sherlock,” he says turning to the lad but the woman quickly interrupts - “I won’t discuss anything with you. He’s just a child John, an impudent one, but a child at that!”
Watson glances away and falls silent, his telltale sign whenever he’s so troubled he can’t speak. Sherlock moves closer to him, placing his hand on his alpha’s arm, he waits until Watson’s tentative pale ocean eyes meet his. “I know this isn’t appealing in the slightest, but everything will be fine. You have to trust me, Watson.”
Perhaps, if he spared her more than a minute’s attention, if he listened to her, he would probably catch the little tidbits of personal information she would sometimes say. Then again, the thought of filtering through her near constant lament on him being the worst tenant imaginable just to see if she’ll say something worth hearing is simply frightening. He’d be sure to die of boredom.
under control as to prevent anything detrimental from happening. But that could be worried about later, right now, he has Sherlock in his arms and he isn’t going to let go.
“It needs to be done and it may be insane, but my uttermost concern is you at the moment. I can deal with Mary. A relationship will never survive with dishonesty.”
” But it’s already too late, vanilla-scented slick is beginning to trickle and wet his backside. His breathing is coming out in shallow puffs and his throat feels hoarse. He needs to walk away, take a cold bath and just go back to his study.
“This is Professor Moriarty, head of it all.”
Watson’s eyes can’t help but stare at the lad kneeling between his legs, and mercy is it a fucking
But Sherlock, regaining sense and some strength, closes the door right in the alpha’s face. “Watson, you aren’t thinking straight. It’s your rut. You need to go back to your wife and work things out,” he says all this through the door again, leaning against it and closing his eyes. His heart is thundering in his chest and it suddenly feels too hot.
Before Watson realizes it, he’s got Sherlock’s face cradled in his hands and he’s kissing him within an inch of his life. It’s all urgent, desperate. He doesn’t try for any finesse but from the way Sherlock’s practically falling apart in his hands, he doesn’t need to.
Now, as he lay in bed, reflecting on his life and questioning the absurdity of it all, he can’t help but feel grateful for Watson at least, because although Watson pretends to be normal and wholesome, presumably to be accepted, Sherlock knows he’s just as deviant and unprecedented as he.
After a beat he realizes that it must be Watson that is feeling anxious and without even having to think about it, he rises to his feet, his bowl of soup already forgotten.
“Oy, he’s such a pretty bitch.” Alpha number two agrees.
-Radiohead ‘Fake Plastic Trees’
"Love is a smoke raised with the fume of sighs,
I wanted to make Mary someone we can empathize with although we're rooting for Sherlock and Watson. Don't worry, this isn't the last we'll see her. And maybe I've been listening to too much Melanie Martinez.
After a long moment of silence, the lad asks. “Where is your fiancée?”
go before he ultimately decides to put this theory into practice right this instant.
Thank you guys so, so much for reading and being a very special part of this journey. I fiercely appreciate it!
Why I see her dancing there
It is she who breaks the silence. “What is the meaning of this John?”
Sherlock groans, and then he bites his lip again and this time Watson doesn’t stop himself, he leans in and trails his tongue across the abused flesh while giving the hand still on the boy’s arse a rough squeeze.
Hi! You all have been so patient with me, thank you so much! I'm back and I'm here to stay.
No one deserves to look so enticing and taste so delectable. He never even considered himself as someone who likes Omegas, he considers himself a man who favored strictly betas and women rather, but Sherlock isn’t a normal Omega. He smells too damn good and the way he seems to pull Watson in, as if Watson has no choice but to allow it, makes him both intrigued and
The other bar patrons look up from their glasses but after realizing that Watson is just another one of them, they continue their activities without sparing him so much as a second glance.
And that’s all it takes, he surges back to Watson’s dick, head bobbing up and down as he sucks and licks with renewed vigor. Still Watson does as he said he would and holds Sherlock’s face still while he pistons his hips into Sherlock’s trapped mouth.
an Omega.  And it felt,
“What of my parents? They’ll have me on the street. I’ll be a homeless Omega.” Tears well up in Sherlock’s unseeing eyes as pictures of it happening pass through his head, and he looks away from Watson for a moment.
are my home, Sherlock. Without you, I will forever be lost. No matter where I find myself, it will be no place for me if you’re not by my side.”
“Fear not, it was an accident, and I don’t believe in fate, mind you. Just coincidences.”
He smiles, thinking of Sherlock, unable to help it now, even if he wanted to. There’s a gentle hum thrumming through him, a sign that the Omega is safe and sound. He’s grateful for that, and subsequently, his unease lessens by a fraction.
“What did she mean exactly by her not being meant for marriage?” Sherlock searches Watson’s eyes for any of the lingering depression and he does find some but not enough to dissuade him.
“Now Mrs. Hudson, it really isn’t what you think.” That is when she turns to him.
Sherlock says nothing, he doesn’t need to get his hopes up. He’ll die right here if he’s disappointed again. He settles for simply watching Watson’s face as he speaks, memorizing these last moments of them being together. Though he does not allow himself to see it as anything more than what it is – a lapse in Watson’s judgment caused by his rut. He may want to believe it as something else, but that will only serve to break his already fickle resolve.
“I know what you’re thinking,” the lad says in that surprisingly deep voice of his that’s got Watson pitching a bloody tent, “that for a child, I’m not average. Funny thing about you lot, always foolishly underestimating the knowledge of the younger generation. We notice things.” He points out, tapping a finger to his temple.
must make this right.
He stares at the window across from him, locked now because of his parents’ displeasure at his latest escapade, and wonders what it would be like if he were born a Beta like them as well as his governess. If they’d be easier on him because they’d have less to worry about, and if they’d treat him as if he were an actual human being instead of some rare, fragile gem that they had to protect every waking second.
It’s been ten years since Mycroft left London to go to Lourdes, France. Ten years and Sherlock still misses him terribly.
"I will never know myself until I do this on my own."
Sherlock’s father gives him a bright grin. “See Judith, efficient and humble as well, they certainly don’t call him the Good Doctor for nothing!”
Hello everyone! How's it going?
After what feels like an eternity, the red-headed one holds up a timepiece. “Does this look familiar to you?”
Mary lets out a derisive, mirthless laugh. “You mean you don’t
I want to thank my beta, Deinvati, for the wonderful edits and awesome feedback and for just being supremely reliable!
Being purged, a fire sparkling in lovers' eyes,
“Holmes, I’m not here for Mrs. Hudson.” The voice is gravelly and low, but Sherlock would recognize it anywhere. It’s Watson and Sherlock’s stupid, traitorous heart does a small jump.
“For lack of a better word; it’s complicated.” Watson admits. The lad groans in frustration.
And also 294 kudos?! We've come so far guys! <3 <3
Sherlock rolls his eyes, Watson and Mary’s lovers’ quarrels have nothing to do with him.  He’s about to walk away from the door without saying another word to Watson when something fills his nose. It’s wild and strong, calling to him. He pulls the door open then, fully intending to walk past the alpha in order to find that tantalizing smell when it hits him again. It smells like warm ocean breeze on a glorious day. It makes him shudder and goosebumps pebble across his skin. The urge to submit is quickly rising but he tamps it down.
Venus and Adonis (1593), line 1,019.
So Watson marches up to the pair, noting the grateful expression on the lad’s face as he interrupts their conversation.
To anyone, watching London come alive is something special. To Sherlock Holmes, locking himself away in his study and refusing to come out until the sun disappears is just as special.
He wonders if the whole of London can smell the boy, if Alphas everywhere are gathering around, following the smell and waiting to lure him to some secluded, abandoned place to just
.” Watson whispers by the lad’s ear, slicking his dick up with Sherlock’s fluid. He would stretch him, but at this point they’re not kidding anyone - Sherlock doesn’t need it and his hole is twitching hungrily. Plus, Watson’s been waiting far too long for this.
Mrs. Hudson was always one to turn a blind eye to things that she figured weren’t any of her business, such as the times when Watson would have harrowing nightmares of the war and would stay up most of the night until it bled into morning, reading or pacing, doing anything but sleep, or when he showed a particular interest in crime-solving and would often entertain constables in his study. But this time, even he knows she can’t just sweep this under the rug.
“I won’t stand for it John! You are my betrothed, the man I am set to marry, where is the dignity in this?”
Eventually his knot pops and they stay connected, just exactly what Sherlock was craving.
It works for awhile, but deep down, somewhere, Sherlock
Watson turns to the boy and as the scent assaults him again, he helplessly watches the lad’s fever flushed skin brighten to an even darker scarlet and tries to tame the Alpha instincts flaring up within him.
Sherlock taps his temple. “Fate or calculated coincidence.”
Sherlock doesn’t need to think about it. “Say you’ll stay,” he whispers, meeting Watson’s fiery gaze with his own electric one.
Watson’s mouth drops open, because the very possibility of someone looking and smelling like
He can’t help but think that all of this is irrelevant and delaying the one important thing he needs to do, that is, to find Watson.
And the thought of watching Sherlock come shamelessly in his ridiculous costume, looking all precious and sweet and virginal despite the garments suggesting anything but, peering up at him through those long lashes like a perfect pretty picture is
Watson is taken aback at first - he can’t believe Sherlock is actually here, risking everything because he thought Watson was in trouble. It’s touching but also bothersome, because this just proves all the more that their bond is real, so real that caution isn’t even something that either of them can consider if they believe the other one is in danger.
Hope you all enjoyed it! More to come soon! And there will be more porn, but there will be plot too. ;)
I don't know if I'll be updating again until around/after Christmas. I'll be around though. So happy holidays everyone! You all deserve to have a good one.
feels as though it would be irrevocably diminished if he doesn’t have
“Sherlock, do you need me to stop?” he asks.
Sherlock wakes up to darkness, Watson’s scent still on his skin. His body aches, though it is in the best way possible. He feels light and ethereal, magical and in more ways than one, complete. Whole. It’s been a long time since he’s felt like this.
He steps into the tub and surges forward, pulling Sherlock towards him and kissing him within an inch of his life. When they pull apart, it’s only to breathe but Sherlock feels that Watson is the only oxygen he’ll ever need, ever want.
"For he being dead, with him is beauty slain,
Watson studies Sherlock, who looks much better than he did the previous night. He no longer seems like he’ll self-destruct if he doesn’t get a knot, but more stable. He still looks delectable, but that can’t be helped.
, but his body feels heavy.
Searing liquid fills him as Watson’s large knot catches on his rim and the alpha continues to pump him full. Sherlock cries out feebly, oversensitive again, but his mouth doesn’t want to form words to speak. He’s absolutely ecstatic about being claimed, being
Watson’s voice is merely a murmur now, but to Sherlock it’s so loud it echoes. “I’ve been going wild thinking about you. Your hair, your eyes, your
If Only For A Night
“Your eyes, their focus is unshakable, almost like a detective’s. You are the only man in here with incredible concentration despite being surrounded by copious amounts of alcohol and drunkards, and I linked that with your profession. After all, a doctor can’t help being cautious and alert, especially one that’s served in the military.” Watson gawps at that and Sherlock continues, “I haven’t failed to notice the ring on your finger either. You ask me about my parents, what of your fiancée? She must be terribly indulgent to allow you here of all places to drink, or does she not know? I’m assuming you’re here because you’re having cold feet. Marriage they say is not for the faint of heart.”
"Sherlock-”
“What?”
I want to thank my betas Abel and HaleyD95 for the amazing help on this chapter! You guys are so awesome and I don't know what I would do without you. :D
In all honesty, there is no easy way to tell your fiancée that you’ve gone and mated with someone else while they were away, and that this someone was a bright, young Omega lad who also happened to be male. He surmises that at best she’ll leave him, and at worst... well, he doesn’t want to think about that.
“But I was a fool to run. It turns out, unfortunately, that I can’t drown my demons, they’re fairly good swimmers.” Watson doesn’t ask permission, though Sherlock knows he can stop this anytime. He’s free to. He can tell Watson to go away and never come back, to go back to his wife and leave him alone. But he finds he doesn’t want to.
Enjoy!
His parents barely mention Mycroft when talking to other people either, Sherlock knows they’re ashamed of the circumstances. That they are aware that it looks a certain way that they had to send away the alpha child while the omega stayed. Hell, that they even had to send away their son in the first place, good parents know how to raise their children after all.
“Things between Mary and I are...complicated right now.”
She nods. “Of course. Now let’s get you home, your parents must be worried sick.”
Hi guys!
He can’t see the boy’s face anymore but the bar’s gone quiet. It doesn’t take much for him to hear the exchange.
“Murderers are not monsters, they're men. And that's the most frightening thing about them.”
Or, the long overdue 11th chapter of HSaHB that the author wrote while listening to copious amounts of Linkin Park.
in the end."
“Your disquietude made me come over to see if you were alright. I felt it - the pull. I had to defend my Alpha.” Sherlock says, nuzzling his face in Watson’s dress shirt. “From whatever it was that was causing unrest.”
Watson gives him a smirk of his own, “Oh, just an Omega who comes to sleazy bars in the middle of the night for a knot from a nameless Alpha just to defy his strict parents. Am I correct?”
Hello everyone! I decided to post the two chapters in a timely manner instead of straight away as to be honest with you, they needed a lot of revising. But finally this one is ready to be posted. Thanks to my betas.
What is it else? A madness most discreet,
(See the end of the chapter for
He spasms against Watson, hips rising to meet the alpha’s and get even more friction until he’s flinching from overstimulation. His neglected hole keeps twitching hungrily around nothing, producing more hot slick that sticks to his skin and makes the whole room smell sweetly of vanilla.
He hasn’t realized that he’s paused to watch Sherlock for some time- practically having the lad do most of the work - when burnished amber eyes pin him with a wild, craving stare compelling him to move like a man possessed, speeding up the pace once more and losing himself once again.
Sherlock’s parents leave to run errands after Watson assures them that he will be alright. They hug and kiss their son, much to Sherlock’s slight embarrassment and then they bravely  go out into the chilly morning.
“I’m sorry.” He repeats, taking Sherlock’s hand and intertwining it with his.
Their lips meet and the universe stands still. As his hands tangle in Watson’s hair, he wraps his legs around the alpha’s waist and Watson clings to him. He feels so dizzy with the force of his love, rising inside him and threatening to overflow that he pulls away laughing, positively thrilled with this turn of events.
It isn’t long as he’s looking all around when he sees the lilac silk of her skirts and he feels relief course through him, he pushes past people and races to catch up to her. But as soon as he is so close to touching her shoulder, she makes a turn and disappears again.
He can’t even deny it himself, he’s dripping and it’s shameful how eager his body is behaving. It’s just a knot, that’s all, and yet it feels as if he’ll die without it. The handle of the door feels cool in his palm, and he closes his eyes in surrender.
“Mrs. Hudson is out,” he grumbles.
The other Alpha narrows his eyes at the two of them. Watson braces himself for a confrontation because he, being one himself, knows that Alphas can get pretty aggressive when an obstacle stands in their way of getting a mate.
“My body feels like a cage lit on
But Sherlock seems less timid than he was before and when Watson directs his full attention back to the lad, the sight he sees is enough to put him in gaol or worse, straight to the deepest, darkest, burning pit of hellfire available. Because Sherlock isn’t sitting there watching him anymore - he’s gripping the headboard, face bowed and back arched, presenting himself to Watson. His perfect, round arse practically leaking on the sheets. The doctor’s mouth runs dry and soon he finds himself by Sherlock’s ear, whispering obscenely dirty things to him. Telling him how good he’s going to fuck him, have him so full that the only knot he’ll ever want, ever know is Watson’s. And Sherlock cries out, that perfectly polite “Sir” that has John lining himself up to the lad’s hole and thrusting in.
The lad shakes his head earnestly. “No!”
And as for you guys, I want to say that I feel so incredibly lucky for the amount of love and support these fics have received. I am so grateful and happy that I can make and share something we all can enjoy. Please forgive my sappiness, but at times when I feel unsure of myself I look at the support these fics have received and feel loads better! So thank you, you dearly loved people.
And we meet a new character!
“Greetings lad, are the Mr and Missus here?” The one with the perpetual frown asks.
Watson’s voice is honey-sweet and dangerously gentle, “I’ve been thinking about you since I woke up this morning. Do you know that, Holmes? Fierce thoughts, I’m afraid, thoughts a married man shouldn’t have about his best friend.” He sounds contemplative. Sherlock swallows because his throat has now gone dry. Watson
“And when we disentangle?” Something darker than innocence flashes behind those wide eyes.
Watson tries one more time to get Sherlock to come inside and it works, the lad comes willingly as Watson leads him to the sitting room. Once inside, Mrs. Hudson is standing there in her robe, and Watson signals for her to put the tea kettle on.
Sherlock grins and levels his lips with Watson’s. Before leaning into the kiss, he whispers, “All the time. But like my love for you, dearest one, my persistence knows no bounds.”
“What do you want to know about her?”
― Alice Sebold,
Sherlock tells Irene that he has to go. She nods and for once, says nothing. He’s sure she must have seen Mary, and either doesn’t know anything about her or does know but has the good graces to keep her mouth shut, perhaps. Either way, at this moment he has bigger things to worry about.
It breaks Watson from his train of thought, but he doesn’t seamlessly recover so there’s just an awkward, uncomfortable silence. As it gets more quiet and only more uncomfortable with Sherlock waiting, expectantly, for him to catch up. Why he’s even convinced at this point that Watson still has any ounce of functioning brain power left to discuss the details of the case is beyond Watson entirely.
Gertrude tries to comfort him, tells him that Mycroft will be at the door any minute or any day, with his bags and that huge smile on his face he always wears.
“Uh, y-yeah, er, nice to.. meet you.. too.” he stammered in confusion as she walked past him, looking around the flat, but not like it was unfamiliar, but rather like she was searching for someone. After her followed an alpha man, hair just the same pale silver as his wife's, smile just as warm and comforting as hers. Well, as comforting as two strangers walking into his flat could be.
“Yes, shouldn't I be?”
“Sherlock, stop bothering her with these things! She's twice our age!”
He immediately caught sight of the Alpha doing sit-ups on the floor. Sherlock crawled to the end of the bed to watch him more closely. “Mornin'” John said, not stopping in his workout. The Omega climbed off the bed and atop John, pushing his knees to the floor and sitting on his hips. He placed his hands to feel the Alpha's six-pack work and tried catching his mouth on every up.
It was all he needed to know. To Sherlock, that was all that mattered. Looking at John, though, it seemed that he was alone with that opinion. No. It just hadn't quite registered yet. John wasn't quite caught up. “John?”
“I haven't slept in 12 days. Were I a Beta, I'd be dead by now.”
“Oh, but we just arrived, love! Why don't you make us a cup of tea, Sherlock, hm? We” she started moving, went to sit on the couch, “can get to know your mate a little better meanwhile. What do you say,
“What?
Sherlock's pride over his imminent success was practically tangible. “So is Sergeant Donovan. Oh, I think it just vaporised. May we go in?”
“Why, John?”
He peaked over at his mate just to see John looking back over his laptop with the same stern expression, but with the soft touch he constantly carried when near the Omega.
Sherlock smiled little “Can't argue with that. Did you find him?”
“Yes, he was to meet Dan here two days ago and never came back home.”
And there it was. John's tender, demanding lips sealing his mouth. By the time John started gently thrust his hips forward, Sherlock was gone and done for, even in his heat-addled mind he recognised this was more than he had ever dreamed of. He didn't know which part of him was most served right now – his instinct or his heart.
What he got back, and it made him smile, was John trying to send back a simple negation, in which he succeeded. For a couple of moments Sherlock left his finger there, the tip of it just breeching the tight entrance and he went back to giving his attention to John's large cock.
“Hmm,” Sherlock frowned, “interesting.”
Sherlock stared back at John challengingly for some seconds. “Damn it.” he breathed a curse, mouth crushing down against John's, which curled up further in his grin.
“Yes, that was when you were a toothpick on long legs. These days, lounging about on the sofa has an effect.”
“But-”
John cocked his head in question, but then it hit him. “Oh, someone have a kink there, Mr. Bigtalk?”
“Good night, Sherlock,” John quickly shut him down, then kneeled and waved a kiss at his children. “Good night again, loves!” Rosie clapped her palm to her mouth and then waved it enthusiastically at her papa, causing her to lose balance and fall over. She looked at his face, where he was putting on a thick thick layer of amused surprised and giggled in response to it, getting back up with the help of her arms. Her four siblings all chuckled fondly and waddled all around the living room in search of fun games to play.
“Hah, sissy.”
“You know he was right, yes?” John murmured into his ear, their bodies still close, sharing their warmth and so much more with one another.
“Well, sometimes there's nothing you can really do about it.. Teenagers are difficult-”
Her husband sat down beside her and motioned for John to take a seat next to him, which, reluctantly, he did, sitting there a little stiff with confusion.
Soft skin between his fingers, Alex's chubby leg wiggling as hi voice rang out in delighted laughter. Tickling always did the trick – a good distraction for changing nappies. Apart from, of course, when someone was in a bad mood for whatever reason. Then it could get tricky.
“When they're ready, they're ready. Can't really hold them in..” John mused, biting into his toast.
by the end of it and might not be able to ever lose the weight or even the breasts he was going to grow. Thinking of himself all bloated, in feminine shape, saggy belly and stretch marks everywhere, job quit because he couldn't physically keep up any longer – it disgusted him. John would leave him, surely, for a more attractive version. No, John wasn't the kind of man to do that. But they'd stop kissing and touching and having sex, which was bad because Sherlock liked sex! And as someone who got addicted so easily, he got a little addicted to John's closeness. And his cock.
He could have been bullied. Actually, that was something he could very easily imagine. Children could be real arseholes and he'd had his fair share of it when he'd helped out victims in his time, so someone as extraordinary as Sherlock was very easily pictured in their midst, pointed and laughed at, robbed of his books and pushed around.
John wasn't just nibbling at his skin, he was
“Thanks, I'll be okay.”
“Nothing, it's just... the general 'you'.You never bore me.”
“I could take you.” Sherlock suggested three days later, completely out of the blue.
There was a long pause in which it sank in, the new feeling caught and they both took in the amazing influence a bond had on the participants; the closeness of hearts, the connection of souls, the circle's ends forming a perfect ring.
Sherlock didn't know whether or not his emotions translated correctly onto his face – they usually didn't. Most likely, the small smile tugging at Sherlock's lips looked like a completely flat expression to John. “I'll be out in a minute.” he supplied and pushed away from the wall to start shampooing his hair. He heard John close the door and felt his posture sink reflexively. He was always a little tense around the Alpha – a rudiment of behaviour from when he expected John to reject him like everybody else did; internally, he was always calm in John's presence, cradled in the trust for him to stand up for Sherlock when someone was being an idiot. He would need to work on his body's response to his mate. His mate. Good Lord...
“Or my children.”
Not long after, they had nearly reached their destination and John still had no clue what the plan was. When the door to the family's house was opened, Sherlock was a completely different person – a pleasant smile on his lips and concern in his brow. John saw how superficial these emotions were and just hoped the Omega in front of them didn't. “Good day to you, Mr Edwards. This is John Watson and I'm Sherlock Holmes, we're here on behalf of your son's school. We were hoping you could give us a few minutes to talk about what is going on.”
“You don't strike me as the kind to make friends easily.” Mycroft was pressing all the right buttons at this point and he knew it.
John, despite being aware that phones weren't allowed inside the hospital, gave it to Sherlock, knowing he'd get it sooner or later anyway. The man tapped away at it for a second, then invited John under the blanket. As their ritual went, John followed the invitation and tucked himself in beside Sherlock, scenting each other a little before falling asleep.
“No. John, listen to me. There is no financial worries.”
“Sherlock, I am going to punch you and it is going to hurt.” John said in that calm tone that seemed so much more threatening than when he shouted, although, if he ever did, of course his shouting was still one up on his calm, since it happened so rarely and meant the final loss of control over the alpha-soldier mix that was John, while as the calm was the soldier keeping tight grip on raging alpha.
“Yes, he is.”
It was the most relaxing because he knew Sherlock wouldn't do that. Not pregnant. Knowing that such a horrible thing couldn't be going on appeased his mind a little and was a good strategy to keep it from going somewhere worse than that. Sherlock loved those pups; it was tangible in every breath he took, every fleeting caress of his belly, every short glance down to see that it was still happening.
, John. You don't even notice it.”
Sherlock stared at the fabric of John's t-shirt for a second before moving up and kissing the back of his neck. “I love you..”
I know, I know.. I am annoyed by them being this short, too, but, for dramatic purposes, this just works best..^^'
“Well, natural birth is very much out of the question, as you've said yourself on our last visit, so there isn't really much choice, is there?”
“Angelo's.”
“Of course I'd love it!”
always help me wash the dishes, you know.”
“The two of you should consider buying equipment times four.”
“No. No, he wouldn't... So, uh.. what will you be doing to keep boredom at bay?”
“You're pregnant! I won't fight you for the same reason you won't fight criminals over the remaining 6 months!”
And he loved danger. He was begging for it, for Sherlock to take him along on his adventures instead of annoyingly pointing out how he could get himself killed, how very childish his behaviour and longing for heroism was; he never told Sherlock to stop, not even now because he was an Omega, because he was pregnant, because he was his mate. No, John encouraged him to keep pursuing his job even if they kept the pup.
Sherlock dismissed such concerns. “Don't care. I need you to send a text message.” he said and waved his hand in the direction of the desk. “There's a number on the desk, text it.”
“If memory serves me right, it was you who said, on our first date, and I quote 'I was considering just calling and asking for a quickie.'”
“Please take a seat. The doctor will be with you in a moment.” the assistant said, a big, fake smile on her face. Sherlock sat down on the bed and John sat next to him for the moment, holding his hand.
would?! I'm just going to sit here and let you do the work – can't see why I should spill it.”
“Because you're not a wealthy man.”
“I'm ready!” John breathed, giving Sherlock one sloppy kiss.
“Sherlock, what are you- no, no, no! Back to bed!” John ordered, catching his wobbly steps before he could fall.
“Of course.” Sherlock frowned. She had been good so far, so he couldn't see how there would be a problem with it now. John seemed surprised by his answer, which made him draw his eyebrows together even more. Had he not been showing his acceptance of their situation? He'd been trying hard to make a point of how he didn't mind the children as much as he'd thought he would. Having them around was not much of a bother, as it turned out they were quiet enough.
The returning bartender was a young omega with a kind and open expression. “Hi, how can I help you?”
Was it that? Did he have to please him first, prove capable of dealing with his body? If so, he would.
“What'd you study?”
Sherlock took the clip from John and inspected it. Then he flipped through some sheets of paper on the table with a frown on his face. “It must have fallen off... Huh, indeed, it was supposed to keep these together. My apologies, that was not on the floor on purpose.”
“That was different.
“You too.” John turned back to their clothing, making neat stacks inside their bag.
The older Holmes kept calm and seemingly indifferent. “No, but I ensure financial stability for you. You're living on
He could practically
Sherlock frowned, interrupting John. “Six days? That seems hardly ordinary!”
“No, you don't!”
“Oh, what is it this time? Did he leave body parts in the fridge again?! I am
Surprise visitors and a considerable amount of fluff.
“Well, that is difficult to say. For those who believe in it, this could be a cause for autism, but there's still not much reliable research on his. I'm sorry, but I don't think I can help you much on that matter, unless you want to offer yourself as a research subject.”
So, I was and still remain happy to receive both positive AND negative feedback from you guys :) It helps me get to know what you like and what not, what I can improve and what I should set as my trademark writing ;)
Well, now, here it is. Hope you enjoy it, since the amazing number of three people requested it.
However, when John spoke, it was with a voice unusually deep, but no less soft than when he was proud of Sherlock's deductions or when he's done something socially adequate. “Sherlock, I want you to know, that you needn't feel either humiliated nor, in any way, guilty, alright? I know-”
The way John looked at him gave him more confidence and he forgot the odd circumstances and simply let it grip him, let his spirits free. The frustration of the past months, all of it, he let it guide his form around the living room.
Promptly, the Alpha felt stupid for how nervous he was
It wasn't until 3 months after Sherlock had moved in, that something finally changed between them. John had left his bedroom apparently feeling untypically happy one morning. He was tapping his foot as he made coffee, but before he ever took a sip, he turned on some music. Sherlock didn't recognise it; something you'd hear playing in a club – not really his genre. But John seemed to enjoy it, as he turned up the volume, walking over to where Sherlock was sitting in the leather armchair. He stretched out a hand towards the Omega. “Dance with me.”
“Oh, don't I?” There was a flicker in John's eyes and then it began. Sherlock was suddenly seeing what John meant whenever he described Sherlock's deduction-chains. “So close to heat, an OP his age? He would have been sold the first auction he'd have been paraded! He'd have been pregnant before his heat even hit, by some disgusting middle-aged Alpha snob, who'd use him as a sex toy. He's young, still pliant, mind weak. He would have been tortured into being a good little house-omega, doing chores, carrying litter on top of litter around until his underdeveloped legs couldn't carry him any more. And you know what? It wouldn't have brought your sweet Alpha baby back.”
a possibility..” the Alpha continued to mutter, the intensity of his scent increasing as his nature tried to calm his 'pregnant mate in distress'.
Sherlock frowned. “You like it.” he stated, not understanding why John would want to stop it if he was finding pleasure in it.
Before I forget: chapter 10 earned me quite an amount of kudos and several bookmarks as well, but where were the comments?? I'm very sure some of you could have thrown a couple of my babies back at me, so where are my dictionaries?? :c  Please don't kidnap them, give them back!!
“I eat. I don't know what you're talking about-”
“Yeah, see you.” Sherlock hung up. John lowered the phone and took a deep breath. He was both relieved that his pups were going to be in good hands and a bit tense about not being able to see them and having someone else do his job for him. It couldn't be helped, however, so he went into the contacts and called the nursery.
rather rare, but nothing to be concerned about. Omega pregnancies tend to have their quirks, but they make up for it by being generally a lot more stubborn and thick than beta pregnancies. It's harder to cause damage to you than to a Beta carrier
Mrs Hudson didn't sound too pleased with the spontaneous request, but agreed almost instantly and explained twice to John how she was going to time everything. He didn't have the heart to tell her he'd gotten it the first time, especially when he had this huge favour to ask of her. When he joined Sherlock again, the Alpha suggested they go sit in a cafe that had an easy view of the house, but was far enough to not make them obvious to the couple. It took hours, many cups of coffee between them and a sandwich for John until the Beta finally left the house. John sat up in alert and Sherlock did the same, though more subtly. With one last look the Alpha had John confirm that he was good to go with this mission and then they were off, stalking after their suspect.
? Your source of wages, as ridiculous as it is, depends on
And suddenly there was John's hand on its way to his backside, a finger pressing in as a test and John's keen noise, vibrating through his cock, causing him to thrust up again, was drowned out by Sherlock's own soft cry at finally feeling
“Honestly, John, can't we just take a cab?!”
“Well, what do you expect? If you power off a computer mid-saving, risk is, that the data, or at least parts of it, will be lost. I don't exactly fancy
“I just-”
“Yes, like I said.”
There was a pause.
“He needs an Alpha's footing to survive.”
“You sure you're okay looking after them tonight?” John zipped up his jacket to shield himself against the cold outside, but stood locked in place as he watched Sherlock put Kat's sock back on her foot. Again.
Oh, torturous kisses and licks that endured the other half that made him an omega male.
Sherlock stopped him by pressing his lips against John's. He shifted his weight, drawing a leg back over John's hips. John fought to stop him separating them. “No. No, I'm sorry, please. Don't..”
Sherlock was laying on the sofa, eyes closed, hands steepled under his chin, his feet massaging the armrest. John had asked Sherlock not to smoke inside the flat for his and his pups health's sake and Sherlock had complied without the tiniest of complaints, so finding him with nicotine patches on his arms was not unusual for John.
“Are you okay?” The concern on Sherlock's face was genuine and John felt, once again, privileged to be one of the few recipients of such gestures in the Alpha's life.
“So, you plan on bribing my children?” John joked, smelling the red popsicle.
“It wasn't your fault. It was not the first time I have been targeted and it won't have been the last. It's part of what we do, John. It was not your fault.” Sherlock said this as reassuringly as he could. He meant it.
He closed his eyes and leant his head back against the cold wall to get his mind to focus. He could make out three scents: his own, his pups' and a masked one that smelled of a beta undertone. Beta and using scent masks? Unusual. Normally unnecessary. Which made it a brilliant technique.
“What and
“It's not working.” he replied in an amused, superior fashion. Sherlock reminded him of himself a little; feisty, never shy to speak his mind. Most of all, he was trying to be manipulative. What he didn't seem to realise was, that John had other plans. But he'd learn, John thought. Soon enough.
John, I'm not sorry for treating you like that. At the moment, all that's keeping you upright is your instinct to protect me. But I'm out of the hospital now. I'm back to our safe home. It's only a matter of days, maybe weeks before that instinct dies out to the calm again.”
“No, that's fine.” John smiled back at her. Sarah was very pretty in her ordinary way. He liked her smile; it seemed so honest.
Pain set in as his partner inserted a third finger, pushing it, not as gently inside, and realising only when John's whole body tensed in reflex. The response was Sherlock crooking one finger to brush it, expertly so, over his prostate, having him inhale sharply as his hips snapped forward instinctively.
Something they both enjoyed, though, was their combined smells. Omega scents were usually mild anyway and therefore easy to combine, but when two lived together so closely, they had to fit perfectly or else they'd never be able to settle comfortably without even really knowing why. They happened to be a perfect match, and in more than just that category.
Sherlock leaned forward and turned John's head with his hand to kiss him fondly. “I just did it, though. I had your cock in my mouth and my fingers up your arse and you loved it!” he murmured, making John blush.
“John..” he muttered, the information not having quite caught. Until now. “John!” he shouted, shaking his mate awake. “JOHN!”
“I snapped.” replied John evenly, though it was beyond obvious that he was annoyed with himself.
“But none of this showed up in any of the material I've read.”
It was needless to say Tommy's father was overjoyed. He'd been on his balcony and came running down as soon as he saw them. He'd been kept from talking to either child for months by their Omega. Now he was embracing them, listening to their story. John was happy to see how much the Alpha cared for them. He moved a step closer and lowered his voice to be a little more private as he told the father to get Tommy a safe space for his impending heat. The Alpha chuckled and nodded. Lisa turned her red face away.
“What?” John asked, sounding shocked.
Slowly he lowered his head again to take John's lips in for another passionate kiss, then another, then one that didn't want to end.
situations and environments or getting bored. Do you really want me to get bored?!
“How did you know?!”
John shook his head, protesting a persistent “no, no, no” as he didn't want to think of his mate's situation other than 'alive'. Another slap followed and John merely whimpered, too exhausted to fight. “I haven't eaten in a week, how would I be of any help..”
“Come on, John! Don't flake out on me now! We've hardly even begun!”
He blinked his eyes open at the dull knocks on the door connecting bathroom to bedroom. “Sorry, I just wanted to take a short bath, did you need something?” John asked.
Currently, they were looking at “Item 341”, a very young Omega, with innocent green eyes and a silent acknowledgement of his defeat. “He is an Omega of high ranks, well bred and nothing, if not a good house-omega.” The guide continued talking, spitting out information that was this poor soul's life. They were kept in here like animals in a zoo.
Until Mrs Hudson spotted him, that is. “John! Didn't you say you had a job interview?”
John chuckled lightly. “I can't turn off the sun, Sherlock.” he giggled back at the man.
didn't mind the belly and the thin layer of fat around it any more, he still felt very self-conscious about the fact that he was going to be positively
“That was a joke. You are supposed to snicker.” Which he didn't.
Of course, Sherlock wasn't great in understanding people, worse than himself, so he probably had gathered that the Alpha's issues weren't strictly physical ones, but he'd also not understood what the precise nature of his problems was.
“That's fair. You're waiting to get to London as well, then?”
“Yeah, Sherlock, let me just wonder about how often we'll have to bring up this was your first heat
“Oh, cut the crap, John! You love eating and you're thin as a rake! Your metabolism isn't that good. Clearly, you're not eating healthily! For a doctor and someone always nagging me about it, that is a pretty hypocritical way to go about this and even lying to me, really! For the last one and a half weeks I've been working my way from tubes up to light meals and you're not even trying to get
A couple of minutes later, he felt Greg shaking his shoulder a little more insistently and gathered consciousness to his surroundings as his voice faded back in.
“Not like this.. Your stomach would reject most food right now until it is used to nutrition sufficiently again. Then they have to take small steps, beginning with water and soup.”
Chances were, he had already conceived. He couldn't- could he?! He mustn't have! John wouldn't like that, not at all. John would shout at him for having made him a father unprepared!
“Meant to have been here already.” Sherlock frowned, looking at the clock on his phone. He disliked late people. He disliked being made to wait. It made anticipation battle boredom and usually ended with him doing things that were not so good. He focused his thoughts on John, his anchor in the last 11 months. They'd known each other for almost a year. They'd lived together for almost a year. Wasn't there something about celebrating an anniversary? “Cake” he said aloud, waking himself up out of his short trance.
The door opened and John stepped in, blinking against the great moisture in the air, the steam swooshing out through the barely opened door. “Sherlock?” he asked again and Sherlock couldn't help it and smiled lovingly at the smaller man.
“Please!” he begged, his voice shrill and strained. “Please, John! I need-... AH! PLEASE! PLEASE!”
“Thanks,” was the DI's reply. Then he decided to start small-talk. “So, how are you two holding up then? John looked a bit exhausted.”
“Well, he did pay an unsavoury amount of money for me
Instead, Sherlock pointedly involved John in mundane things like breakfast and dinner (whether he ate some himself or not was irrelevant), offering him tea and coffee repeatedly, forgetting John was pregnant and couldn't have them, asking if he could buy a thing or two when he next went out shopping. And, most surprisingly, having clothes delivered by mail. The wardrobe in John's bedroom slowly began to fill up more and more. All clothes he would have bought for himself as well and the right sizes at that. He never had to worry about going to the shops, having himself measured and being pointed to clothes that looked like tents. The stuff Sherlock was having delivered for him seemed to be tailored perfectly to flatter his figure.
“But the bleeding has stopped?”
Also, this fic was aimed to become a pregnancy-kink-fic towards the later chapters.
“What?” the older man asked in confusion. As usual, Sherlock outwitted him and it was annoying how dim people in positions like this could be.
“Yes, you do.” Sherlock insisted smugly. Then, after a pause he added, “and it's very enticing.”
His Alpha was kneeling in front of him, was sucking and moaning and swallowing around his too large omega cock just to bring him pleasure, just to worship him.
“Well,” John snapped, brushing past the Alpha to make himself tea, “I guess we can always deal with that when it comes to it.”
“Keep it cool, mate.” Lestrade piped in, grabbing John's shoulder. “Who does work these days? Are they here today?”
“Sorry, didn't expect to take so long.” John replied with an apologetic smile as he set down a bag on a chair standing by the nearby table. Sherlock deduced from the weight and shaping of it, that there were clothes inside. “Mrs. Hudson asked after you and wanted to come around, but I've told everyone that they rather wait till you're back home.” the doctor informed, seating himself in the visitor's chair.
Fuck.
A lifetime full of bullying, psychological abuse, feeling unloved and depressed.
Sherlock frowned and sulked into the living room. “Maybe I should let Mycroft bind me to that lesbian after all.” he spat pettily.
“Sherlock, these are reasonable questions to consider!”
When John entered, he was pleased. He knew, of course, that Sherlock hadn't really been sitting like this for two hours, but he always appreciated his efforts to spur on John's fantasies. The Alpha closed the door sharply, licking his lips. The top two buttons on Sherlock's shirt were nearly always open and John had a pleasure gaping at his exposed skin. Sherlock looked up at him from under his eyelashes, making him appear small and fragile. Mind you, he was fragile.
“Yeah.. I'm just sorry I wasn't there fast enough.”
“Shh. Sherlock, calm down, please. See, I'm calming down, too. Everything's alright! All will be well.” John whispered in agitation, drawing Sherlock close and rocking him gently as he would a child. Their child. The child
John looked blank and for a moment Sherlock feared he'd misinterpreted John's behaviour towards him, but then the Alpha turned his hand so their palms were touching and squeezed lightly as if to signalise that the message has been processed and appreciated.
“That's because I don't just eat, but get stuffed by you all day long.” he replied happily. He let his hands travel the top of his grey, barely fitting, t-shirt, dragging them forward, noting with a jump of his heart that he couldn't quite reach the outermost curve any more, unlike yesterday. “Seriously, though, look at how big I am! Five months, Sherlock, when will you let me know how many they are?!”
No, he wasn't an emotional person and he felt this hormonal rush was slowly ebbing away, leaving him to return further to his former self, but with the addition of John. John, whom he had loved since the beginning. Whom he had loved and never told until the last moment. John, who loved him back. Did the impossible.
“In two weeks. Regular check-up is all. Maybe some advise on this and that.” mumbled John around his jam, happy to leave the kitsch aside, too.
“How dare you! He's my son! I won't be accused of such things and I won't say another word without my lawyer!”
“You're very intelligent for an Omega your age. Not even private education for Alphas can get you there. Impressive.” John remarked. “Why does a clever kid like you take to taking drugs?”
But John knew, since the kink was discovered, Sherlock liked to be fucked rather than fuck. Mind you, that didn't mean he was giving up control. John didn't know how he did it, but somehow Sherlock managed to physically manipulate him to exactly what he wanted.
“Have you been to the toilet recently?” the Beta man between his legs asked as he cleaned the area as best as he could under the constant blood-flow and Sherlock shook his head, doing his best to keep composed and not let on too much of the hurt and fear he was feeling.
That was the moment the lanky man returned with a Full English. Three of them, actually. And extra bacon. Well, they'd cross that bridge when they got to it, he figured and took the double-serving from his lover's hands as he sat up against the headboard.
His hands, though moved to stop him. “I can't.” he panted, almost sounding like he was scared. “I can't. I'm- Sherlock, I'm sorry, I am, I can't-”
But nothing ever happened. Most of the time, they didn't even talk. It wasn't exactly unpleasant, in fact it felt quite easy. Still, John felt out of place.
“Seriously I wouldn't challenge him, he's been in the army.”
“But you're not. You are an Alpha and your mate needs you, John. Think about how
“Tea.” Sherlock snapped aggressively, interrupting her pointedly by setting down a tray with empty cups and a steaming kettle with a pang. Six eyes fixed on him, four of them seriously surprised, John's, however, with a questioning frown.
“That's quite alright.” He briefly laid the phone down close by a he put on his shoes. Then he had a thought and quickly picked it up again. “And, John. Get something to eat.”
“No, sorry.
A loud growl announced the impending relief of Sherlock's torture. His mind darkly registered a deep joy inside of him. He only hoped the Alpha wasn't in a rut. He wouldn't know the scent of it, but he'd feel the knot ripping him apart.
But never would he ignore the man behind it all; the crush he had long denied and ignored; the love he had declared himself defeated to as soon as he'd acknowledged its existence. To actually think it would ever turn out this way would have left him laughing those two days before Sherlock's heat had surprised them.
“Why would I be sexually attracted to small, inexperienced, innocent, unknowing, un-consenting children?”
“Little ones okay?” the Alpha asked, lust in his eyes and other obvious places.
“Oh, I don't know, like... It's just.. They were so... ordinary.”
“You're my mate and I need you... now, get in here, it's getting cold..”
The doctor made a few humming noises before handing him a tissue to clean himself. She then locked his feet on these.. pedestals to take a look at his opening, gentle but foreign fingers invading his most private zone. He didn't like it. Couldn't John do it?!
“Well, life isn't all sunshine, is it?”
“You don't think it weird or humiliating to let your Omega take over control, have your body?”
Sherlock tilted his head. “Do you feel like I am keeping you captive?”
Sherlock sighed and began to speak slowly, as if greatly annoyed. “As I do believe I have mentioned before, I was not intending to buy an Omega. I am
John's jaw clenched at that and he looked away. “I thought you didn't want to talk about these kinds of things.”
Keep cool :3
He was pathetic because when he entered the flat, there was a lot of stomping and five little humans scrambled up from their circle around Jacklyn the Bear, a scene that John wasn't sure he wanted an explanation for. There were hugs and kisses and he didn't know how he could ever doubt their love for him. “Did you have fun last night?”
“Oh, I did not say 'quickie'!”
“It's them.” the Omega replied dryly. He cleared his throat and tried again. “They 'kidnapped' the boy.”
John didn't like his tone of voice. “
His hand had been bothering him very subtly for some time now, but his leg just drove him mad. He knew it was just in his head, but the stiffness and the pain; sometimes he felt like it was just made to keep him awake. Tonight was a bad night again.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I'm sure. Now let me snog you!” he whispered, mouth crushing to Sherlock's again and was warmly greeted.
It was silent for a while. “Look, I know this is a little weird and unexpected, but this is where we are now. You said you don't wish to break our bond and neither do I. Maybe we should just try to find it in ourselves to be like a couple.”
“More like a pregnant man, love.” John chuckled lightly.
“Ready to leave.” Sherlock answered, voice an impassive, dark rumble.
He heard the Alpha click his tongue, but he didn't sound pissed when he spoke next. “I am a doctor. My flat's just around the corner. You come with me, I need to take a proper look at you.”
Sherlock shrugged a little. “Maybe she left it when she left her case. Maybe he took it from her for some reason. Either way, the balance of probability is the murderer has her phone.”
“How long?” came with a deep breath from Sherlock.
Sherlock realised he hadn't been prepared for the amount of semen an Alpha would release when he couldn't take more than two shots of it and quickly drew away, reached around and grabbed for a handkerchief to catch most of the rest of it, while John panted, little whimpers finding their way out with it as he sagged back into the cushions.
For hours John sat beside Sherlock, holding his hand, unable to refrain from touching and kissing his long missed mate. Now and then his hand would travel down to his abdomen and feel his heart sink at how small the bulge was for being filled with four pups and approaching its five-months-mark. How little had that bastard offered him? Had Sherlock eaten all of it? For their children? Surely he would have just let himself starve to death otherwise, that maniac. No, that wasn't fair, Sherlock had endured a lot, John shouldn't be thinking of him like that.
He let his hands drift to and over the small bump, trying to be a comfort to his pups.
They went on as usual after that, the only difference being sex. A considerably high amount of sex. Really. A lot.
John turned around immediately, kneeling beside Sherlock, who had slunk against the brick wall and was eerily still. John spoke to him very softly to not startle him in his state of shock, slowly warning him ahead of touching him. He nudged the brunet to stand up again, helping him pull his trousers back up, buttoning them and, cautiously, hugging him, to give him comfort through his scent; an Omega scent that Sherlock was well used to.
“Yes, lucky you.” Sherlock replied snappily.
“How could you have known? You said you only figured it out after seing her a second time!”
John wasn't like Molly Hooper. Molly knew him, yes, but not like John did and she never would. She was too shy, too expressive. Too petite for him to show her all of himself. Had she ever been confronted with his drug abuse, the long and many periods he had laid with the 'scum' as people called them, the 'fallen personalities', she would have hit him and been angry and shouted in his face, would have tried to make him feel guilty, when all there was in these times was the soundless cry for mercy on his never-silent mind.
“John.”
“You can't possibly go to therapy up to seven days a week.”
“Shh, we don't know that! We will go there again in 4 weeks and see if there's anything new she can tell us. Maybe it's just a very eager pup and, going by the amount of food you have been consuming lately, growing really fast just to slow down in a couple of weeks.”
John had offered him to join them and eat together, but of course Sherlock had declined.
Sherlock seemed unimpressed by these concerns. “I am aware.”
John rubbed at his temples with one hand. “Can we not talk about it or her, please?”
“John, get on with it! I need you now!”
“Huh? Nah- hang on. I'll get Sherlock, can you watch them for a minute? Thanks.” He walked down the narrow corridor rather briskly, slowing down gradually as he reminded himself to calm himself.
“Regrettably. He'd be a remarkable example of independence for all Omegas, but the world is rarely so kind as to grant the less fortunate such a chance.”
John regarded him a moment, visibly in thought. His voice was slow when he spoke. “They got threatened. 'Don't involve the police' – that kind of thing?” He took the half-smile in Sherlock's face as confirmation. “So the parents received a threat and the child knows they won't ask for help. Why not go to the police themselves?”
Sherlock shook his head. “No.. No, I don't want to...”
There he was, suddenly realising and feeling ashamed, humiliated, by the first wet gush he felt leaking out of the one place he had never expected to feel so needy for attention about.
“Our bond.. did it finally catch?”
no, no, no, no, no!
After ten minutes, they ended up on the sofa, Sherlock spread over the length of John's body as they lay on the cushions horizontally, eyes trained to watch the telly and its pointless shows lazily.
“I'm serious, Sherlock. If it makes you feel uncomfortable, you have to tell me.” John urged, concern clearly visible on his face.
“Yes, obviously.” Sherlock dismissed again, observing the contents of the case. When, after a pause, he seemed to realise something, John was a little confused about what he said. “Oh, perhaps I should mention:
“Okay. How did you get here?”
an Alpha's cock was.
“Are you serious?” John asked, eyes wide in hope.
“Liar..”
“I have been told it's larger than average.” John informed casually, an annoyed look on his face, that Sherlock didn't understand.
“Yeah, I know, I just-..” John sighed, eating a forkful before a thought struck him. “Are you-? I mean, are you into Alphas then? Which is fine, by the way.”
“You're right..” The Alpha breathed again, more loudly this time. “I'll-”
Sherlock got up slowly, cupping his small belly as he lifted himself up, straightening his back. Looking down his naked body, he regarded what their pups were doing to him. It was still small, but he could only see half of his feet anymore and it was only a matter of time until the growth spurts would finally set in.
John hid his face by looking at his watch on the small table next to him. “Gee, Sherlock, what are you doing? Go back to bed.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You said your parents told you your brother was away with his father-”
Decision's made, but a relationship needs more than love - it needs trust and support.
data. I'd rather I delete it myself – keeps the important bits safe.”
“Just found him in the alley. Drugs, probably ODed. Cancel my 5 o'clock appointment.” the man was saying quickly, bustling past the woman and up a set of stairs.
Sherlock chuckled hotly. “As if you could.” He stopped them both to push up against John's backside and bite at his ear. “You'd get stuck trying to shift that fat belly around and what would I do then, hm?”
, to not have it penetrate his senses any longer. A drawn-out, painful moan for his mate was barely interrupted by the screeching of the door, announcing his usual 'company' to the room.
John moved then, stretching his arm out to take Sherlock's hand. “It's all right, love. We will do the best we can, hm? And if anything like this ever happens to us, well, we still got you. You'll figure it out and find them. Teenagers are rebellious, that's normal. The key is to not suppress them, just limit them in dimensions they deem reasonable-”
327 Kudos, 101 Comments (granted, half of which are my replies to your comments) and 64 bookmarks?! Woah, it's only 14 chapters, guys, I am overwhelmed! Thank you so much!
spontaneously, it seems. Here,” she pulled out a business card and handed it to John, “my number's on there. Give me a ring once you know when to have that dinner and babysitting evening.” She winked and got up.
“I'm just glad you weren't too late.”
The cry of invaluable bliss. John's semen filling him until he overflew. Blinking his eyes open to John panting into his face. The flame of the most incredible of kisses, the soft adjusting of their positions so Sherlock was laying atop John, weight off of his vulnerable body.
“Then why don't they stop him leaving?” No. No, that wasn't meant to come out as an accusation. And his hand wasn't meant to touch his belly. That wasn't right! Why was this happening?
The Omega didn't say anything, just blocked their bond out of his mind, shutting John out.
There was still two hours until John returned from work and so Sherlock made use of the time by pulling out his secret diary and tape measure from a second ground in their closet and took measurements, writing down the 4 inch difference around his belly to last week.
There was a moment of hesitation. “Alright.” the man said and before Sherlock knew what was going on, he was being picked up and found himself cradled securely in a pair of strong arms.
“Ah, you're arguing about your feelings again, huh?” she asked, then continued in a whisper, “John, you have to talk to him!”
“Yes, does John Watson live here?” she asked in the tone of someone who is used to getting answers. Not unusual for Alphas, to be honest, but that did not make her sound any more polite to Sherlock.
need to be safe... And- and
Sherlock had stepped aside to hail a cab and when he turned back to them, he said “if you'll get in the taxi, we'll accompany you there.
. They'd manage
The Alpha caught that look and moved the box between them, opening the lid and dipping the spoon into the now slightly molten cream. “Open up,” he instructed and Sherlock obeyed, taking the spoon in and releasing it empty.
Slowly, really slowly, he caught the sound of loud breathing, panting really, ringing in his ear and his after felt ready to rip being stretched so widely, but he wouldn't let go of that pain for any price the world was worth.
Sherlock took his sweet time, ignoring both their erections and arousal, both of them going almost flaccid while he moved his index finger vertically and then in circles around the ring of muscle, just so John would get used to his touch and open up just enough so that he could trace the ring itself. He never once complained stretching his arm all the way around John and meanwhile kissing him, although it must surely have been uncomfortable after some time. Still, he made no noise.
loves him like
The worst in all this was: He was feeling it all start anew already.
worries about him!
Hello³ :D
Sherlock was clearly irked by these questions. Something about them seemed to bother him. John would have liked to know what it was, so maybe he could ask without agitating the Alpha. “Can't I just have someone sharing my flat?”
“Greg, something just happened to him!”
John offered him the plate, but Sherlock merely opened his mouth. The Alpha didn't react, although Sherlock swore he'd seen a little smile on his lips as he drew back the food, placed his own on the mattress beside him and cut the first bit of steak. He fed it to Sherlock, who kept the fork inside his mouth just a little longer than strictly necessary, keeping eye-contact with the Alpha. John calmly retrieved the fork and cut into his own meat, taking a bite while Sherlock was chewing.
“I suppose it is, but that doesn't make it any less real.”
It was oddly arousing how insane it drove John, but he still felt ugly and it got worse and worse every day. He was five weeks along now and he started to fear that, when this pregnancy was over, he would look like a beached whale, simply because John was practically stuffing his mouth as soon as it was empty... and he didn't even defend himself. Now he was looking at himself, like every other morning John was out early, and noted every fraction of an inch that his stomach progressed on pushing outward – there was a reason he made jokes about Mycroft weight after all! Soon, he dreaded, his older brother might throw food at him for revenge...
The couple just exchanged amused looks. The man in charge returned to them with their wine and the promised candle, not even the usual tea light, but an actual candle in a cherry red, matching the liquor's colour perfectly. In regard of Sherlock's state, though, John ordered just some water for them and Angelo insisted on them taking the bottle of wine home, then.
“What do you suspect then? Kidnapping?... Rape?”
Just, please, communicate with me, because this story is making me feel horrible and if I can't improve it, I can't keep it.
Sherlock merely cocked an eyebrow and muttered a “thank you” before returning to his notes, filling in stats. As expected, John understood he was supposed to pick the clothes himself and Sherlock was glad when he returned with a smart pair of black jeans and a shirt instead of a jumper. He'd just.. have short trousers and roll the shirt's sleeves up. Had to suffice for tonight.
lucky it didn't catch because with four already feeding, that one would probably not have survived or, if it had, you'd be walking bones by now – yes, you would have had to eat even more, love, I know: horrible.” Sherlock answered his sarcastic look with an annoyed one. “Anyway. The amount of hormones, attention and nurturing an Omega receives from their Alpha can also have an influence on the development of the pups. I think you can make the following connection yourself.”
“I got pregnant.” Sherlock answered evenly, like a passing comment.
“Trapped yourself, huh?” John asked with a smug grin.
“If I didn't look after you two.. This is the last time, though, I am not your housekeeper!”
His smell was really nice. “None of your business.”
When he did wake up, however, shock and exasperation were written all over his face. “Jesus Christ! Oh, god- did I-?! Sherlock, was I-?! Fuck- FUCK! I'm so sorry- I'm so bloody sorry!”
Sherlock's gaze dropped. “Mrs. Hudson, we need new chocolate. And biscuits.”
“Oh, shut up already!”
“I did not ask you to.” Sherlock replied with a force that wasn't audible, but it was certainly perceptible. “I have been working this case for months, I will
“How is he?” Mycroft asked, his umbrella pointedly announcing his presence.
He had no choice, however, when John reached around the legs shaking from the clenching muscles? Or simply from the very fact Sherlock was in heat and his body was trying to arrange itself to that?
“Mh, because never before have I fought a criminal.”
Sherlock took an audible breath at that – you might imagine what he felt. “Good, yes, thank you, Mummy. Now go.” he moved to open the door, a sign for them to leave now, leave fast, thank you very much. It was then, that John really saw where Sherlock got his temper from because mummy clearly wasn't ready to just leave. She insisted on hugs and kisses and for them to visit them soon.
“My whole body. Like a bomb has exploded right in front of me and ripped half of me away. It literally, physically hurts.”
The DI took a deep breath. “Well, let's just hope that pup in there is gonna get your intellect.” he said with a grin.
to talk about these days.. I've had more conversations with you these past 3 weeks than half the time in the year we've lived together before.” came the fake complaint, followed by another soft kiss to his head.
Smirking. Then the return of Lestrade, the laptop clutched under one arm. “Here's the thing, then. But we had a quick look, it's password protected.”
John wasn't looking at him when he apologised. “Do you even still know what you're apologising for?” Sherlock asked, evidently doing his best to sound softer than he was feeling. He was rubbing a hand against his belly as if apologising to their pups for the outburst. Ironic, really, since they were the ones making him so irrational in the first place.
“Are you sure, Sherlock? It's likely going to get worse with the longing.. especially with your first heat.. You'll probably curse yourself at some point for having refused to take the help – I've seen it happen, really.”
When he next awoke, it was because of Sherlock shaking him lightly. He couldn't have been out for more than twenty minutes, he thought, but his children had crawled to another corner of the living room and were stacking bricks. John wondered since when there had been bricks in the house.
Sherlock turned this way and that, eyeing his reflection with disgust. No matter what he did, he couldn't hide it. He couldn't even excuse himself with being pregnant because he simply didn't look it yet. It was too much to still look like his thin old self and too little to look like a baby-bump. His middle was nothing of its old muscular form; it was soft and wobbly fat. And to think John actually liked it – something he had accepted, but could still not comprehend.
“That doesn't mean an Alpha is ready to let their Omega penetrate them anally.” Sherlock said, smug grin and raised eyebrow.
So, Sherlock let this man be John's stress ball. Besides, people like Mr Edwards hardly deserved more.
“Stupid biology! Humans are much too complicated for their own good!” Sherlock huffed shakily. “So.. you will be spending my entire heat with me?”
spit it out anyway, even if it's just a big load of nothing.. It'll stop eventually, though, love. Now, how about a cup of tea so you don't dry out on me?” he offered, knowing full well what would be coming right after that.
that borders on painful, when he realizes that his efforts are only serving to get more of that scent into his system.
The boy says nothing, but Watson imagines he’s nodding his head again.
For anyone wondering, the quotes I use may not make sense in the context of the story or even within the chapters themselves, but this is because I'm trying to follow a certain theme and sometimes I'm a bit random.
“It’s true. They were alphas. All three of them.” The lad finally admits.
. It was simply excruciating being around you. I feared I’d lose all of my carefully honed control and just end up knotting you over and over.”
This may sound cheesy, but I appreciate it so much! You guys build me as a writer and though I love what I'm doing, you guys keep me grounded and I can't thank you all enough for that.
Sherlock, sensing his mate’s anxiety, inquires, “What’s wrong?”
"Though in the order of nature angels rank above men, yet, by scale of justice, good men are of greater value than bad angels."
“And so is getting mated to a stranger, but I’ve managed so far.” Sherlock winks again and Watson frowns because he’s right.
Panic rises through him but he tampers it down - they probably already smell omega, but scared omega would perhaps give them too much of an invitation to come forth.
Sherlock shrugs just as Lestrade strides over, way more chipper than the situation allows. “As long as you remain tempting and effervescent, he won’t suspect a thing.”
get caught, just because Sherlock could be so hopelessly dense. Clueless, yet brilliant, frustrating, yet perfect, there was no clear, exact way to define Sherlock or what specifically he meant to Watson.
He’s halfway to his room, the familiar aroma of Sherlock’s sweet butterscotch scent caressing his nose and making him feel more relaxed as he gets closer, when he sees a sight that makes him stop in his tracks; Sherlock is sitting up in Watson’s bed, upper body stark naked while he’s wrapped in the covers from the waist down. He’s rubbing one of his eyes and not really looking at anything, still lost in that sleepy, post-coital haze. His rebellious ebony locks are even more rumpled now thanks to Watson’s gentle tugging last night. His nipples - rosy pink buds that stand at attention on a small chest that rises and falls with Sherlock’s breathing. He’s completely smooth, hairless. He looks like he’s a fucking fifteen year old wet dream (even though he's eighteen now) and Watson has to bite his fist just to anchor himself.
Pushing the notes aside, and leaning back in his chair as far as it’ll go, he tries to flex his aching muscles. He’s curious to know what Sherlock makes of all this. If their theories align or if his brilliant mate’s figured out an entirely different angle that he has probably missed. It’s likely to be the latter, and Watson knows he’s not going to be able to hide how proud and in awe he’ll look when Sherlock shares his thoughts.
“What’s your name?” He asks, his tongue feeling heavy with the need to sink his teeth into that soft, unblemished neck.
And Sherlock never failed to listen raptly to every word he said. And Mycroft would do the same, even when Sherlock thought his experiences weren’t nearly as exciting as Mycroft’s, his older brother would still urge him to speak, ensuring him that he would be heard. Despite the age difference, they got along swimmingly.
"So what should I address you as, Sir?” Watson says, changing the subject. “I like to know what all of my client’s names are. It makes the relationship between doctor and patient more personal.”
leave.”
“Very well,” John shrugs, “But she deserves to know.”
(See the end of the chapter for
The alpha raises his head to give Sherlock a wolfish grin. “It’s remarkable how blind you’ve always been. To my stares,” his tongue grazes the shell of Sherlock’s ear, causing him to shiver. “My lingering touches,” his hand travels down to rest on the omega’s hip, gentle yet firm, holding Sherlock in place. “There came a point where I had to reel myself back in fear that you’d never want me as much as I you.” His other hand threads itself through Sherlock’s hair, with a slight pull of the unruly curls, he angles Sherlock’s parted lips to his. “But then you went into
Watson isolates himself and stays trapped in an awful amalgam of self-hatred, guilt and sadness that seems to go on forever.
But Sherlock does not budge. He just keeps repeating, “they took him.” Over and over again.
It’s like Sherlock’s running out of oxygen, Watson’s scent is getting stronger, potent alpha pheromones robbing him of solid air. His hand flies to his mouth to stifle a moan, he can’t be getting off on this, he can’t.
“Well she’s quite lovely.” The lad quips.
Despite all the craziness happening in the world right now, I just want to say that I hope you're all safe out there.
And thank you so much for all for the kudos/hits/bookmarks/everything! I appreciate it immensely! I am eternally grateful and indebted to you all for helping to make this experience an awesome one.
Somehow, one of his hands slides its way into Sherlock’s hair and he pulls, tilting Sherlock’s head up to expose the claiming mark and leaning up to trail his tongue along it.
Their lips meet again and it’s paradise, Watson gets so wrapped up in Sherlock that he doesn’t realize that the lad’s slowly undressing before him until the rosy peak of a nipple comes into his view and he latches onto it, causing Sherlock to cry out.
He leans against the edge of the tub, temporarily forgetting all of his troubles.  He barely registers Watson’s careful prodding at the angry, red marks on his shoulders.
"I desire the things
Clearly, he’s not a professional thief. And yet, instead of hiring someone else to do the dirty work for him, he’s risking being caught by doing this himself. Whatever it is he’s searching for is clearly of prime importance. Luckily, they have their chance now, after waiting for so long for some kind of positive break in the case. And truthfully, the sooner they find John Doe and get him off the streets of London, the sooner they can put these last few hellish months behind them.
It’s twelve in the afternoon and most of London is awake and thriving. The weather outside is gorgeous, the cloudless sky a brilliant blue with a sun shining brighter than it has in months. People take to the pavements, walking around and trying to make the most of the beautiful day. There’s the clatter of carriage wheels and the patter of feet on the cobbled streets. There’s the sound of children’s laughter and peddlers showing off their goods.
Her face is turned to the direction of the alphas departure. “Do you know those men, Sherlock?”
, and it is not something that can just be brushed off. Sherlock seems to be having none of it.
He doesn’t even seem aware of what he’s doing, just whining helplessly as he desperately seeks whatever friction he can gain from Watson, using him for his own release like a needy bitch in heat.
- Linkin Park's Somewhere I Belong.
He hasn’t forgotten last night, in fact, it is now slotted on the mental shelf of memories he holds most sacred. Naturally, the ones that include Watson (his favorite ones) are at the top shelf, where this memory also belongs.
“I didn’t mean to.”
I want to thank Kate and RD who are new to the armada, but are great beta readers all the same. And most importantly I want to thank you all for the kudos/subscriptions/bookmarks/hits/comments everything! You guys absolutely rock!
Watson’s heart nearly falls out of his chest. “W-what? Did you see their faces?”
Even if it kills him.
More and more time passes and still Mary has not returned - it would be an understatement to say that he’s worried. Mary was always punctual, no matter what situation she was in, she made it top priority to be on time. And though he found punctuality a trivial matter and certainly not one he would uphold as an utmost concern, he still respected the fact that it was always important to her.
It's been amazing!
John can’t even think of how wrong it is because the boy tastes faintly like the beer he didn’t finish as well as some sort of sinful temptation that sets Watson’s nerves on fire. Unconsciously, he leans Sherlock up against the alley wall and grinds down so the boy can feel his arousal. And the whimper Sherlock lets out is so utterly obscene that he has to forcibly calm himself or this will be over before it even begins.
Watson appears to study his face for signs of hysteria. “Yes, you heard right. I love you and it consumes me with an intensity that I’m tired of fighting. If there’s anything I can do to reverse some of the damage I’ve done, let me know and I’ll do it, irrefutably.”
Thank you. <3
“At this time of night? Have you lost your senses? And you haven’t finished your supper. Are you feeling alright? Are you coming down with something?” His mother is suddenly everywhere at once, poking and prodding him, forcing him to slowly back away just so he can get some space.
And as if it isn't obvious enough what he and Sherlock have done; Watson’s pheromones are all over the lad who’s crazy sex hair and rumpled clothing are strong enough signs for themselves: the whole foyer smells of sex.
Watson is cut off by a finger to his lips and a glimpse of those dark eyes
“There were some ruffians.” Mary mutters, staring at Sherlock as if he is just going to spill all of the details if she stares at him long enough.
Also, next chapter I'm posting a surprise. Hopefully by then I'll figure out how and where to post it. (T-T)
"All day long he craves for more,
He has no weapon on him, just his bag of school books. In a huff, he drops them and decides to face the consequences, come what may. George, the cook, had thought him some form of martial arts training called Baritsu and he was perpared to use it if need be.
“Hello.” John offered simply. Honestly, John wasn't much into the 'Omegas must stick together' mantra, but this woman's behaviour was plain disrespectful, borderline insulting. “I'm John.”
“You're still aroused.”
“Ah, haah, Sherlock- Sherlock, I-” John tried to warn, but couldn't quite speak around his breathlessness.
Bored, lonely, angry, agitated, missing you, the whole 'my mate is gone and I need him back now' deal. “Quite fine, thanks.” he answered instead. “Lestrade was flirting with me.”
“Pretty much.”
“No, John,” Sherlock protested, “not the bond makes me feel this way,
All seemed good, but drama never seemed to wait long for John.
As the Omega slept, John had a word with one of the nurses that came by to check on his mate and, with permission, made the remaining fruit into a little snack for Sherlock (and maybe himself) to have between lunch and dinner. All the while, he was thinking about what Sherlock had done, or rather tried to do, that morning. How he'd attempted to help John.
“We don't know that.” he breathed panicky. Something wasn't right, he knew it, he knew.
Just go on now. Read it and destroy me in the comments, I deserve it.
John smiled back in kind. “He is home. I will take him off your hands.”
This time, though, sleep was more peaceful. He'd woken with a tremor shaking his body, but it disappeared after some time and John was sleeping in his arms. He was so glad John was sleeping because for all the instinctive strength the Alpha had built up to aid him, he had actually looked ready to die on his feet. Sherlock could tell he'd slept and eaten even less than himself, which worried him. Never had he seen John go more than 36 hours without either and the soldier was very hard to break to such a point.
After a small dessert they were on their way again, Sherlock insisting they walk home to work off at least some of what he had just poisoned himself with. John was just walking happily beside him, swinging their joined hands between them a little. It was now around 8pm, the sky a dark blue and Sherlock a solid warmth beside him, with his coat framing his child- and food-swollen belly as much as possible with their little volume, even when combined. Back at the flat, they hung up their coats and moved about for a bit, busying themselves with this and that, the mood a warm glow of loving acquaintanceship between them.
It seemed plausible, that one theory, and while John wasn't in any kind an enemy or hater on any religion or church, he wanted brilliant minds like Sherlock to look into it further, determine and declare it the one and only biological explanation, just because it fit their case.
Looking into icy blue eyes, he lowered himself, the head of the other's prick breaching his hole, followed by the harder shaft, which stretched him further and he had to pause once he was sitting in his lovers lap fully, breath shaking.
John re-entered the flat after work to find Sherlock in front of his laptop in his chair. “Hey. What are you doing?” he asked, moving up behind him, leaning over the back of it.
“Good. You should go there. Would you like me to walk with you?” John asked further and she looked into his open expression.
“You told me keeping this pup, or rather
Sherlock wasn't taking John's reaction lightly, and he was all too glad about that. Then again, his face felt so bloodless, he might as well have been looking like a ghost. “No parents would give their child into that society.”
After breakfast came a good long piece on the violin as had become his routine. He'd read that the child could very well hear what was going on outside and that the choice of music can influence it, although he couldn't imagine it having an impact, really – he couldn't remember his mother ever listening to classical music.
Again, there wasn't much he remembered other than being guided to his hands and knees gently, carrying John's weight as he draped himself over the taller body and the magnificent feeling of fullness, of John pounding into him without restrained, but so, so very softly, that Sherlock supposed he merely imagined it being like this – caring, loving.
Immediately John's expression fell, giving his partner the legendary 'are you kidding me' look. “I'm definitely not getting up now. For once, I'm sitting and I'm comfortable, more or less. You go.” he, too, spoke to the telly. The telly wasn't interested.
The violin screeched as Sherlock made a jerky movement with his hand turned back to him, tense. “Can you shut up for a minute?!” he asked, more aggressively than necessary.
The Omega nodded and excused himself for a second. When he came back, a pretty woman was right at his tail, a wary smile on her lips, like she had to will happiness onto her face at a time like this. John shuddered as he looked at her and could only shake her hand by forcing himself. She stank of something all too familiar. “I am sorry I didn't greet you at the door. I'm currently cooking and couldn't leave the kitchen before.” she said in a thick Scottish accent.
Sherlock 'tsk'ed him. John turned away from the window with a wide grin. “Less bacon, please, this time.” he called after his lover.
An hour later, John had three quarters of his breakfast down. The entire meal was about as much as he'd usually consumed in the mornings. Now he was way past his limits. He brought a hand up to his mouth as he felt like retching, then dashed for the toilet belonging to the private room and threw up.
“They're all waiting outside the back door.” Sherlock nodded at the whispered response. “So, what's the plan? Have you called Lestrade?”
“Teenage omega boy, running of at night – clearly a romantic, but the desperate kind, imagining and wanting their life to be like in one of those films. John, that.. crappy... about the vampires and werewolves and that stupid omega teenage girl...”
“But you're not! I am practically
“Don't be simple, John.” he accused, turning around with a smile though, leaning down to kiss the Alpha. “Now, how about breakfast? I'm starving.” he complained, earning a soft chuckle from his mate.
“Don’t talk, Sherlock, just follow me.” He says.
And to everyone, I do read your emails and comments and I read every email notif I get no matter what. I just don't always have the time to respond or have much of an online presence.
, a man can only take so much. I can relieve the burn, Holmes. Let me - fuck - your
Sherlock tries to stop Mary, but his plan doesn't go so well.
He was never able to really hide it when they first met and Watson was trying to keep his feelings a secret, but fortunately for him, Sherlock was way too oblivious and passionate about the cases to really notice Watson’s pining. It was extremely adorable, but also incredibly frustrating. Sometimes, Watson almost wished he
