Rummaging through the luggage, Steve pulls out Tony’s ring. It’s coded to Steve’s fingerprint. When he brushes his fingers over it, it opens. He clamps it around the base of Tony’s leaking cock. He’s also pulled out their silk restraints. He puts Tony’s wrists in them, pushing them over his head.
“Am I allowed to buy one?”
He zones out, lost in the feel of his first orgasm with Steve. He pants softly, looking at Steve. Steve swallows. “Don’t look at me like that. You’ll get me hard again,” he teases. Tony smiles, moving to lay down at Steve’s side. Steve wipes himself off with some tissues, and Tony throws an arm around him. “Will you stay?”
Finally, finally Steve tells him to relax. His body aches pleasantly, so he stretches. Steve is on him in a second, pressing their bodies together. Tony moans into Steve’s mouth, opening his mouth for Steve’s tongue. “You were so good for me, Tony. I know that was hard.”
When their tongues meet, Tony gasps in surprise. Steve grins into their kiss; he must have found Steve’s tongue ring. Steve parts their lips, hushing Tony softly when he tries to seek out another kiss. “What’s your safeword, baby?”
A blush rises unbidden to Tony’s cheeks. His first time giving a blowjob. Steve had been so patient with him. His boyfriend was so gorgeous. He hadn’t seen many naked, hard guys in person, but he was pretty sure that he’d hit the jackpot with Steve.
Steve smiles and runs his hand up Tony’s thigh. “Tony…” he coos. Tony turns back to him, eyes dropping to Steve’s roving hand. “Weren’t we in the middle of something?” As Steve’s hand begins to rub at the front of Tony’s pants, Tony definitely remembers what they were doing before they were so rudely interrupted by the chair.
French is the language of love, or in Tony’s case, the language of sex.
“I want to fuck your face,” Steve rasps. Tony gasps, nodding fervently. Steve bolts up, nearly tearing off his clothes. Normally, Tony would want to touch and undress Steve himself, but they haven’t done this in a long time and Tony can’t help himself as he pulls Steve toward his face.
“Gre..ehn..” The word comes out slurred and not quite write. His tongue feels heavy in his mouth. It’s quiet in his brain, no thoughts, no plans, no math. Just the buzz in his body and Steve.
“Hmm?”
It’s fairly small compared to the penthouse. There’s a nice kitchen, a small living room with a big comfy couch and a fireplace. In the corner there’s an easel and some art supplies for Steve. On the coffee table, there’s a tablet and some of Tony’s blueprints and drafting materials- Steve knows better than to leave Tony without something to tinker with.
“Yes?”
He wakes to the smell of hot coffee. Steve presses a warm cup into his hands and kisses his cheek. Tony makes a pleased hum and sips the coffee. Blinking blearily, he looks around. There are trees everywhere, the skyscrapers of Manhattan long gone.
I roll my eyes, "acting like Stark I see and what's on your side...... It looks like a Ark Reator, got to close to Stark and burnt you hmm," he said.
I start cleaning up Tony's room because it's the easiest way to make sure he gets sleep, I went top to bottom making sure everywhere, Jarvis voice says, "Good morning Sir, Thank you for cleaning his room" and I responded with "No problem anything for my To- best friend Tony," and then thought for a minute then asked: "could you check up what's happening outside Tony's door like the team?,".
"Jarvis anything?," I asked Jarvis.
"Haha Now now Steve I'm just joking," he said.
"Want to go smash some rocks, Thor?" Hulk asked and Thor happily agreed.
I walk to Tony's room, "Jarvis is Tony?" I asked, and he responded still asleep. "Hmm good," I said walking into the room, closing the door.
Hawkeye: how is carrying Tony from the lab to his room BaReLy?
He walk through the hallway, into the elevator and ding the floor for Tony's room. As soon as the elevator doors open, Cap sees Thor and Hulk playing on that video game, Sam working on some work maybe, so he just slides on by with Tony in his arms, walking down the hall until a yell of "Ay yo Cap what do you have there" from Hawkeye.
The captain couldn't do anything but build up his anger into working out by storming off to the training deck to punch out any anger towards that man in that red suit of armour.
It is, "I won't let anyone hurt you," I mumbled under my breath near his ear, rubbing his back.
Me: yes but he's mentally not it
I pick up my phone, and see a text from Bruce and Hawkeye in separate message. I answered Bruce's first, "Hey has Tony woken up yet? From my understanding he has drank enough coffee and alcohol for the Hulk to be drunk".
I replied "yes and please call me steve when we are off the job" and then not even a minute later Bruce texted back "thank you, he's being in the lab for so long trying to make his armour better, looking at his hands and honestly I love the focuses but he needs a real break. We talked a while back about me, Hulk and him and he seems really sad about it."
I nod, "understood," I said then the ding happened again, it says "oh no," I thought as I read it. "Um I might've already sent it to him," Hawkeyes text said.
Without hesitation, Captain ass took Tony into his arms and made sure nothing was wrong.
The door opened slightly, with a quiet but not shy timed kind, but the one who's simply done with everything and wants the simple release of death, without the pain of carrying shit like the traumatizing weight of life and burden of losing people and regret of not acting sooner on their shoulder like a hust of a thin man who used to loved partying and playing around who know what drinks and work all day party all night.
"Copy calling in Thor and Hulk," I said, hung up and then called Thor.
I smile, and walk down the hall then as I get to Tony's door, Jarvis voice came on, "hello Sir, Hulk and Thor," he said and I responded with "Copy,". I run down the tiled flooring hallway.
"Thor go to black widow and bring Hulk," I said then hunged up.
I slowly slip out of Tony's grasped, but he wouldn't let my shirt go so I slipped out of it and "cleaning in the morning is rather nice," I thought as put back the covering over Tony.
When I get there, I see the Dryers, washers and something I don't really understand.
I look through the cameras, nothing interesting, just Hawkeye respecting what I have said, Falcon doing his work and the B team getting into the ship for a small event they have been tracking so all is good.
Before I could talk they jumped/ flied their way to the rock area, "Be...... safe" I sighed.
I breathe in calmly then out, "Now Hawkeye you know he wouldn't do that...... Or that's what I think but if you must know I didn't see it out of sight out of mind," I said my anger rising slowly like the sunrise.
"Of course," Jarvis said, then I started putting the dirty clothes in the basket and cleaned the floor like hanging up clothing making sure the books are tidy, I stretched my body, my bones do that werid click sound and a robotic voice said: "Sir everything's okay just Sam is having trouble with his work and Thor and Hulk are having a friendly yell about something,".
I see as I entered the living room, Hulk and Thor arguing over something on the balcony and up the poll is the best regards of action.
I think for a moment then typed then untyped then typed back, " Uh no but I could tell by his body language when I just checked up on him. He had clear stress and anxiety strain from the past two weeks".
"Hey Cap, this isn't like you...... having so much black clothes hmm," Hawkeye said in a joking tone.
"Something like that. Has there been any progress on the events around?" I asked trying to out of that question.
"Tony," I softly said, looking at him fondly, patting his head, I continue, "it's hard...... To be mad at you,".
"oh we were talking about Hulk can always have a break from being the hulk and letting me be the host of the body until he wants to or if an event happens but Tony he can't. His heart is an ark reactor he's always going to be Ironman and Tony Stark but never really Tony like I know him and most likely you. You were his idol when he was younger even so now though he would protest about it but it is true. The way he looks at you and how he puts you to first to talk to is amazing and odd because me and him are science bros but you two have some type of relationship that makes him feel the most him the most safe. That's why in duos for battles he chooses who with who and nine times out of ten it's you or how he checks that you are alright with the choosing and are okay after battles. Thor goes with hulk, you get it. He's seen as some robotic husk of a suit and by the media much much worst. His mental health has been the worst and everyone can see it. But he listens to you so try help him out of that state I know you will Steve :)".
"Yeah I did I'm just thinking about it," he said, looking at his work.
I typed, "hmm I had some jobs that required some on board thinking before I got Iced and some after when we did battles you know", "it's not the whole truth why of course," I thought.
He slowly very slowly curled and flip until he had his arms around my waist and legs around one of mine, nuzzled into my hip. "It's rather peaceful," I thought until I got a ding. I pick the phone up slowly and look at who it was.
Cap stays silence and keeps walking to Tony's room then into his room with the loudest "Oooo" and a "shut up". Tony still fascinated by Caps' hand "like what's so interesting shorty" Cap thought as he walks into the room, looking for the bed.
I do a double high kick into a siding sit move to safely get down, then walk to Tony's room.
He just shrugged as I press my pinky and thumb into his face "Ay now Tony," I said, moving my hand out of the way of the nose and mouth so he could breathe and lightly situated my pinky under his jaw, I could feel his face get..... warmer? So I move my hand away and just lay there with Tony red? His face is rather light red.
"Deadman" I grumbly mumbled as I typed "training deck until lunch".
"Stark," Captain yelled, in a more deep and more angry tone, storming down the tiled hallway, his footsteps are louder and louder as he gets to Tony's lab since he has been there for almost a week straight and you could even smell the alcohol and not showering from ground level and up (maybe an overstatement).
I head into the room closing the door and starting up the routine I do.
His shivers slowly lessen over time, so I did whatever a good best friend and teammate does, and made sure do it right. His arms found a way to my waist and his hands to my hands, "he still seems to always like my hands.......... I wonder why? His hands compared to mine are pretty...... Small by a few centimetres, I could probably nearly fit my fingers over his in that hand comparison thing people do for some reason. Why do I like how his small his hands are compared to mine? I like it but just the why part confuses me," I thought as Tony slightly rolled a little into me, "I wonder why he's so resentful of sleeping and works all the time," I thought.
He read the message, hoping Cap wouldn’t be completely freaked out. Oh…oh. He was offering to…draw him? Was Cap, Steve, trying to flirt?
As soon as the doors shut, they met in the middle, crashing together like a tidal wave of desire. Steve backed Tony into the wall of the elevator, reaching for his top buttons. A sudden ding sent them bolting apart, smirking at each other as an elderly couple got on the elevator. Tony couldn’t stop grinning because Steve wouldn’t stop looking at him.
“Would you like that?” Steve asks breathily.
Tony stared at his best friend’s reply. Let Steve draw him? Maybe he…would Steve go for it? Tony swallowed hard. Only one way to find out. He started to type again.
He tried to think of something, anything else. How stupid Doom’s cape looked, the upgrades he planned, even the board meeting he had next week, but nothing drew his attention away from the flow of French from Steve’s mouth.
“That’s great. That’s so great, Tony. How’s Friday? Pick you up at 6?” Tony nodded fervently. Steve grinned wider. “Friday it is.”
“Y-yes?” Tony stutters. It’s hard to answer with Steve touching him, so close yet so far.
Steve pulls back, face flushed again, but looking hopeful. Tony can’t fight back a huge grin. “You like me,” Tony says. Steve chuckles softly and kisses Tony’s forehead. “Yeah, I do. And you…like me?” Tony nods eagerly, earning him one of Steve’s blinding kilowatt smiles.
If Steve wasn’t hard before, he certainly is now. Tony is magnificent, so open and sweet. Steve wants to give him all of the pleasure he can. “You’re a good boy. Thank you for telling me.” He takes his hand off of the bulge in Tony’s pants to turn Tony’s head and kiss him. Tony sighs into the kiss. He’s so responsive, so eager, tilting his head and trembling. Steve’s glad he didn’t wear his lip ring tonight. He kisses Tony harder, unable to help himself. Tony moans softly, opening his mouth.
When Steve pulls back, his eyes are dark. Tony’s beginning to feel fuzzy, almost like he’s tipsy. Steve smiles. “You were so good. Stand up for me?” Tony wobbles to his feet and allows Steve to pull Tony into his lap. Tony hesitates, afraid Steve may not be able to take the weight. “I’m fine, Tony. Sit.”
Tony nods. That’s what he wants. Just feeling Steve inside him isn’t enough. Wants Steve to come inside. “Tony, I need you to answer.”
“N-no,” Tony gasps. Steve’s hand feels so different than his own, bigger, rougher,
“It is real, Tony.”
Steve grasped Tony’s wrists, pinning them to the bed above Tony’s head and pushed in. Tony wailed, muffled by Steve’s mouth on his. So hot, so big and already thrusting inside him. Tony gasped for air against Steve’s mouth, moaning as Steve quickened the pace of his thrusts.
“Next time,” Steve had promised. Despite costing a measly $3, the burgers were heavenly. Steve had three, which didn’t seem to surprise the waitress, and even Tony finished his burger and fries. He might have…forgotten the last time he’d eaten. Leave it to Steve to know Tony that well.
“Please, Sir.” Steve’s heart thumps in his chest. “So pretty when you beg.” He grabs the lube and condoms he retrieved earlier from the trunk. “Your ass is so hot, baby. Next time I want to spank you and then eat you out.”
Tony was thrown onto the bed, then pounced on. Perched above with a predatory look in his eyes, Steve ripped open Tony’s shirt, sending button flying across the room. Tony gasped, delighted that finally, finally Steve was just as impatient as him. “Tu es très coquin,” Steve told him.
Steve, resolve to go slow completely broken, pulls out his fingers and lubes his own cock. “Color, Tony.”
“I want to touch you.”
Tony hushed him softly and continued to dig in to Steve’s tense muscles. He leans down to press kisses to the column of Steve’s neck. “Tony,” Steve repeats breathlessly. “I don’t appreciate being ignored Captain,” Tony whispers into his ear, nibbling gently at the lobe.
Tony wants to reach out, to touch, but he’s still a little boneless. “Yours,” Tony whispers.
“You like it? Really?”
Steve laughs sheepishly, "Oh, it was actually for you. A plan B in case I had misread things between us. Luckily I didn't need it - it's a bath set."
Tony tries to lighten the mood, slapping Steve on the back as they leave the cafe, "You got that right, kid."
Plus, Tony can't understand why everyone is so relaxed when they can clearly see Steve freaking out in the background. Well, okay, Tony corrects himself, it's not like he's sobbing or shaking or breathing too heavily - signs that Tony is much too familiar with. Instead, Tony's picked up Steve's little quirks over the last few months. He's been keeping an eye on Steve (Tony swears it's not creepy, he's just interested in a colleague's well being: perfectly normal behavior) and he notices how Steve cracks his knuckles when he's stressed, nibbles at the corners of his upper lip and crosses then uncrosses his legs rapidly. Steve's doing all three of these ticks right now, and if he doesn't stop Tony thinks he might snap and shout at the guy. Or embrace him.
Throughout December, Steve’s list has grown bigger and bigger. In the mornings, he catches Tony walking into school, shivering in his thin cotton sweater and using what Steve hoped weren't textbooks to shield him from the rain. The words
It's all a little daunting, if he's honest. There are rows and rows of individual comics sealed in plastic wallets, shielding them from the outside world. Tony knows he's got a big task ahead of him: he's not going to be content until he's gone through each one individually. His fingers reach out instinctively to touch the one closest to him. The logo is instantly recognizable as his thumb slips over the soft cover.
Right in the middle of the cover was a woman in military uniform, saluting the American flag. On the back there’s a drawing of her beating up a comical swastika-wearing villain whilst exclaiming
There's no hope for them. He hates himself for thinking it - the idea juxtaposes with the poster that reads
"You can stay right there, honey. Carry on your
Once Steve has recovered he gives a dismissive wave to Tony, urging him to believe it was nothing. Steve changes the subject, picking up the askew comic as casually as he can.
The next morning, Steve chokes on his cornflakes. It makes Tony actually look up from the comic, throwing it to the floor in order to clap Steve on the back because
Steve knows he should be angry at Tony for misleading him but he can't help laughing back, and leaning his head on Tony's shoulder as he chuckles loud enough for the whole cafe to hear. Once he's recovered from that outburst, he lifts his head up and his eyes meet Tony's again. They are too close in that moment, Steve thinks, too close for him to handle. He cups Tony's freezing cold cheeks and smooths down his beard. Tony leans in, eyes darting from Steve's own to his lips, and Steve shuts his eyes tight and braces himself.
appear on the list. Similarly, when he makes his way out of the building in the evenings, he cast a glace at Tony as he passes his room. The majority of the time, he's tinkering with things Steve can't even being to describe - balls of wire, technological appliances, a pile that looked like there had been an altercation between baseball bat and a computer. Steve scribbles
"I went to that war museum today. The one only a few blocks away, I think Bruce mentioned it to me over dinner. It had a photo of him in it, did you know that? There was a school trip there as well. It killed me, Tony, it really did... to see all their little faces looking at that picture of him in his uniform, clean-shaved and cropped hair, looking at him like he was a hero. 'Cause he was - my hero, at least. Growing up in Brooklyn always getting into fights, he saved me so many times I lost count, and I can't get past that, can't face the possibility that that version of him is gone forever. And all of this, everything that's being brought back up just makes me miss it. We lived in a glorified skip, slept on cold floors, barely surviving on the scraps we got for my art. I wouldn't wish that life on anyone, but what I wouldn't give to be back there with him."
"But it's an hour" Hawkeye typed.
He still playing with his hand, and that drink on the desk, and started to walk to Tony's room a floor down but usually he just sleeps in here like some dumbass.
The wall are all white and the place has black tiled flooring, I slowly unpack the dirty clothes into the washer and make sure not to overfill them.
I get some good leftovers from a night go and hear a voice saying, "Why or how did you get that mark on your hip Cap?,", I thought for a moment then Sam said "and on your side. Are you and Tony um fighting again?" In a questionable tone.
I sigh, I walk up to Hulk, "Hulk please stand down, I'm sure you two can have a friendly and no fully damaging fight without the express the need to ruin Sam's mum's cooking," I said clear calm and collected.
A couple of seconds later, I water wash the dish I had and when I got there, I see the Dryers, washers and something I don't really understand.
"Mate I got a video saying otherwise so spill it" his text said, I shrugged and text back, "eh why? It's the past".
"Jarvis is Tony?" I started asking and Jarvis said, "yes his heart is just trying to make sure other systems in his body are going okay Sir," he said.
Cap steps slowly towards the man, eyeing the surrounding area like the blaster on the desk beside him, his body wanted nothing but to comfort the man but that wouldn't be the right course if done incorrectly.
"Now I did it," I thought as Tony took both my hands, nearly pulling out my arm which is confusing, to say the least. He just looks at them, studying my other hand then pushing it away and looking at the one closer to him, "so cute," a small mumble and nuzzle into my shoulder. "As cute as he is... That's confusing he's just so annoying but he's smart but cute," I thought, moving my head to rest on the back board, as he just there looking at my hand, a soft light blue glow from his ark reactor in his chest.
Cap's PoV
"Yet again I ask this question: Why?" I simply but quietly asked, looking at him as he stops for a quick second then keep playing and said quietly: "pretty,". I just look at him slightly concerned and confused, I could feel my face getting slightly more warm, "I er what?" I said, my brain is very concerned with his uh mood.
Steve takes a seat next to Tony, scanning through the first few pages.
Steve thinks, and chides himself for it. When the conversation comes to a lull and Steve is searching for something to say, he splutters out the first thing that comes to mind:
Tony only notices it when he's out the shop and half way down the road, grinning like a school boy with a pile of presents in tow. That's his one good deed for the year sorted, he thinks, Pepper will be so proud.
"I guess I assumed you'd have
A strong stench of black coffee. Teachers on the verge of insomnia. Stacks of exam papers. A computer that freezes if you leave it for five seconds. The teacher’s lounge is void of any humanity.
He was definitely going to give those comics to Steve soon. Soon-ish. He'd finished the decorating weeks ago: Steve had got a little tearful, Tony got a little tingly when they hugged, but whatever, it's Captain America, who wouldn't? Tony refused to read too much into it. A noticeable absence from the room were the comics Tony had gone to such extreme lengths to buy. Pepper had pulled him aside, throwing him against a wall in the corridor and
"Perhaps standing in the doorway wasn't the best idea we've ever had," Steve says somberly.
Steve didn't have to think about where to head; his legs dragging him automatically to Tony's workshop. He half-expects he'll have to plead with JARVIS to be let in but instead finds the door wide open. It's so unlike Tony that Steve approaches hesitantly, fists poised to attack. Instead, he finds Tony sat crossed-legged, eyes overcome with a childish glaze and surrounded by a spread of comics - the comics Steve wrote.
The scene in front of him is everything he remembers about Christmas growing up. Him, his Ma and Bucky decorating the tree together - his dog running circles around them, tinsel in his mouth. The memory of them, the realization of all that he’s lost weighs down on him. All he can do is stare at Tony, and will the tears away.
considering how you appear."
Nobody bar his Mother had ever said those words to Tony. His pretty little flings didn’t dare, what Tony and his bedfellows shared was the furthest thing from love. He dealt with primitive passion. Lust, not love. Pepper loved Tony: he knew that in his heart. She had never said it, and Tony knows he’d be uncomfortable if she did. Tony did not want to here those words. Or, so he thought.
series. Deciding that it wouldn't hurt to have a quick flick through himself, he grabbed the first copy in the series, fell into a nearby chair and didn't get up for four hours straight. When he does, it's only because his legs have gone numb and he's absolutely exhausted. He makes a quick calculation before sleep takes him: if he continues reading at his average speed then he'll have gone through the whole pile by the end of the week. The corners of his lips turn up slightly. Pepper couldn't be too cross with that.
"Nobody?"
"That clever brain of yours couldn't even work out my silly anagrams."
"You really like these comics, huh?" Steve whispers. His tone is soft and intimate, leaving no trace of malice.
and other child-like terms of endearments. Instead, he chooses the most logical route and ruffles Steve's hair. Those big, doll eyes stare up at him and Tony thinks he's finally ascended to the next spiritual plane. Sunlight, he thinks, this man holds the sun. Steve's lips are too close, so full and open and ready. His hand is still threaded in Steve's hair, and Tony's certain he couldn't move it if he wanted. Which he doesn't. His pull is firm on Steve's hair, raising his chin up slightly like a puppeteer. It's a scene straight from one of Tony's wet dreams, Steve's breath hitting Tony's neck and it's like no warmth he's ever felt before. They're close, so so close, standing on the edge of a precipice, waiting for the other to jump.
Tony lifts his head up and turns to Steve, "I got you a little something. In return for your incredible Secret Santa gift."
That comment ignites a grin on Tony's face. He pats Steve on the shoulder, bringing him so close that he can feel Steve's cold breath on his cheeks. He leans in close, and Steve thinks he's going to be kissed, until Tony diverts at the last minute and whispers in his ear, "I just have a flair for the dramatic."
scrawled in cursive. He immediately knows which ones he's throwing straight in the trash and the one he'll actually read. The red envelope intrigues him, even more so when he finds the card inside that reads:
to be the one to deal with it. The dull ring of the bell relaxes him a little: it signals the beginning of lunch, and therefore the beginning of a very sweet nap for Tony.
The smile disappears and Tony grunts under his breath. Fury raises a stern eyebrow at him and Tony corrects himself immediately, slipping the phone back into his pocket and holding up his hands apologetically.
Me: Barely
Maybe an hour or three goes by, checking the news and information on the phone, I start getting mainly bored of laying around, I try to get up but Tony is clung onto me, "hmm what do I do?" I think as he nuzzled into my hip, "he's lightish weight so I could just gently push him off me...... and replace me with something," I thought.
After like a lot of stepping through a lot of mess, I finally get to the bed, slowly laying him down, he holds my hand still looking at it in the most fascinated way. "Why are you so interested about my hand?" I ask him generally unsure why looking at him dead in the eye. He just shrugs and keep playing with my hand, he just lay there on the bed, holding my hand until I spoke up and said: "Tony........ Honey..... Let go of my hand so you can get undercover".
The man sitting at his desk, his heart linked....... To something grey and him eyeing the screen, drinking something unknown, the door shut behind Captain. The screen filled with the recent attacks and news about it from the media, giving all rather bad light to Avengers and more so Ironman and..... Captain America.
"Hmmm I understand that, maybe best course is to be his...... well check up on him" Bruce typed and I typed back, "be his what?" And then typed "Uh yes I can do that," then typed a few minutes later, "do you know anything about his sleeping issues of being overly shaky and looked in pain,".
"Friday be a dear code 240," he said with anger in his tone of voice and she says yes and he starts punching.
"Hopefully no one saw that," I thought as I walked there.
"Simply you should stay here or close to Tony to make sure he's okay," Jarvis said.
"Fine I said look like you and Starky had well........ Not so pg fight," he said putting fight in finger quotes and I realised what he means what that means, my face feels rather warm.
He shakes his head no, "that's weirdly cute but not the point," I thought as I try to move my hand, he starts to frown, so I stop and he just plays with it again. "How about you get undercover so you don't get cold........ And I'll let you hold it more" I said putting my other hand to my face, rubbing the bridge of my nose.
"Tony, we're going to work. We work in the same building. We are literally going to walk together for another five minutes. How is this goodbye?"
As he listens to the monotonous
That night, Steve sleeps with his notepad next to him. The list of Secret Santa ideas now has one bullet point:
Steve allows himself to be dragged out of bed and downstairs by Tony, until they are sitting side by side on the couch, Tony's head on Steve's shoulder. The scene before them is perfect, like something out of a Hallmark Christmas movie: warm fireplace littered with snow globes, decorations that Tony had stolen from his classroom, stockings that Steve had sewn his and Tony's name into.
Tony chuckles slightly to mask his nerves, “I saw those comics in your room when I had it redecorated. Thought I’d buy you some more that weren’t, y’know, totally unreadable. I’ve been meaning to give them you for ages. And I’m sorry I didn’t, I just got slightly distracted. You’ve got good taste in comics, Stevie.”
When the meeting ends, Tony packs up slowly, pretending he needs to read each document before he puts it in his briefcase. He draws the moment out, cherishing every second before he has to face Steve. It's nerves, plain and simple. He's scared, scared Steve's going to reveal some dastardly secret, or even worse, break down and cry on him. Tony grins at Fury as he leaves the room, waving like a school child just to reassure everyone, including himself, that he's still the normal arrogant, sarcastic Tony they've become acclimatized to. He turns to face Steve and the grin fades. The man looks completely lost, staring out of the large glass windows that encase the room. Tony takes a deep breath. Steve doesn't even flinch.
“It’s your Secret Santa, Sir,” she said, rosy cheeks, obviously embarrassed. He can't wait for her to leave, mumbling a small thanks under his breath.
The dreams of this classroom were confined to appearing on Dr. Phil and getting parts of their body signed by whatever boy band was currently relevant. At least they have them, he thinks solemnly. He isn't sure what led him to this place; he'd always longed to give lectures in some grand English university, with archaic halls and dusty bookshelves, lit only by candlelight. Instead, he's stuck in a career vacuum at Merton, praying for something else to come along. He just wishes he knew what that something was.
"Including sex?" Steve asked, eyebrows raised.
She locks eyes with him, declaring, “You're doing the Secret Santa this year. And I
After trying for a good, uh, twenty minutes to build a time machine, Tony rules out that idea. A much better one had took it's place: if he couldn't bring Steve to the 1940’s, he’d bring the 1940’s to Steve's room. Tony quickly realizes that this is one project that Pepper can handle better than himself, and enlists her help in creating a jumbled sort of mood board, scanning in as many photographs as JARVIS could find. Frankly, Pepper is just happy that Tony's doing something nice for a change, content to give advice on wallpapers, color schemes and anything else Tony finds to obsess about.
“I, um- I didn’t take you as a morning person, Stark,” Steve mumbles, trying to remove any awkwardness.
The feeling reminds him of sixth grade, when Bucky had asked out Maria on his behalf. Steve had hidden under his bed, feeling like he was about to vomit as he anticipated Bucky's return. But Maria and Bucky were long time ago; all that was his past now. Tony was certainly no Maria, and he ignores the similarities in his feelings. What he
Steve's considering resigning just so he doesn't have to get Tony a gift. Sure, there's always pre-packaged gift sets and cologne, but he won't hear the end of it if he does. A guy like Tony wants the moon and nothing less. There was, of course, the hope that if he does succeed in pleasing Tony, he might be free of him forever. Gain his approval and Tony will respect him: he prays it's as simple as that.
Tony's lips don't meet his. Instead, the door opens on them, whacking Steve in the back. He moves away from the source of pain, and away from Tony's grasp too. They turn to the disruption - an elderly woman, hobbling into the cafe, looking as embarrassed as they were.
at a quiet volume, and its solemn tone dampened the festiveness of their surroundings.
"He owes me," she says, without a proper explanation.
blasting at an unholy volume, and groans. He covers his eyes and nestles himself into the warm body next to him.
feel is the unwelcome anxiety build up as he opens his phone.
He's finally making progress on this sketch: a statue of an angel, he'd photographed it on a field trip. Steve's so engrossed in his work, he isn’t aware of a child sneaking up on him, the hand on his shoulder making him jump.
as Tony waves at him, grease dripping from his hands.
. He’s an idiot. Part of Tony feels shame, dragging up old memories like this would kill the guy - how could he have been so completely blind?
Tony wanders over to the nearest tray of comics, feeling completely out of his depth here. He's a little reassured when he sees that the comics are divided by what decade they were first printed in, and then by series or publisher. The store specializes in vintage comic books, so it's easy enough for Tony to find the era Steve would be most familiar with.
He expects to see a bath set lying about, or some other basic, mass-marketed gift for him. Instead, Steve is sat on one of the desks, biting his nails, red in the face. His posture emits anxiety and Tony longs to be able to comfort him, to rub calming circles in his back and brew him cups of hot cocoa. Steve begins to move, pulling him out of his fantasies, and Tony watches as Steve hands him yet another red envelope.
"Hey Cap!" Tony begins, ready to launch into another one of his prepared 'Mission: Cheer Steve Up' monologues but stops straight away. Tony has never seen the other man like this, not even after he first found out about Bucky. He's so...
scrawled across the top. Over an hour and nothing. He'd gotten distracted, doodling Christmas themed items, little pictures of the Christmas decorations that filled the classroom. Slowly they became little doodles of Tony. Tony was suddenly the man wearing the Santa hat, his nimble fingers sketched around mugs of eggnog. Tony, Tony, Tony, haunting him. God, he needed a coffee.
“Fuck,” replies Steve, who had previously promised to never swear again.
He’s immediately drawn to a copy of
Tony looks up at Steve, through lashes that are so long that Steve's sure he's wearing mascara, and says, "I guess this is goodbye, then."
"Now, if you'd have told me that first, I would have burned that mistletoe. If there's one thing you need to know about me it's that bath bombs come before everything else."
more? Are you sure?"
"In a past life you could've been an artist's model," he says quickly, tripping over the words. He goes bright red, they both do. He didn't think Tony was capable of blushing but the evidence sat right before him. He tried to correct his abysmal attempt at flirting, squeezing the mug so harshly his knuckles had turned white.
in bold, orange lettering. The comic shows two men fighting on a roof-top. Both men have that sort of Cary Grant look to them, all slick black hair and dark features. He wonders if Steve would like it, and suddenly comes to a realization. Tony has absolutely no clue what Steve’s into, can’t even make a guess at whether he prefers action, or comedy, or romance. He’s in here blind as a bat, feeling and clutching for something — anything, praying for the best.
A little better was not good enough for Tony Stark, and as he watched Steve walk away once more, he vowed that he would do all he could to see a real, full smile on Steve's face once more.
The pile of ‘maybes’ stacks up pretty quickly, at first he throws some superhero comics in (the ones with the gorgeous women on the covers: all tiny waists and wearing leather that clings to their breasts in a way Tony’s sure defies the laws of physics). Then there’s a couple military ones, advertised by big tanks and explosions. Tony’s not sure if they’ll hit too close to home for Steve, thinking back to the war museum incident. He keeps them anyway, and promises to flick through them all before he offers them to Steve. At the top are a few Archie comics as well. It’s love at first sight for Tony: there’s something he finds amusing about the plucky, red-faced ginger boy, chuckling under his breath as he flicks through one of the editions. Before he puts it down, he catches sight of the strap line he must’ve missed when he first analysed the cover. AMERICA’S LARGEST SELLING TEEN MAGAZINE! Was he an idiot for thinking Steve would enjoy this stuff? Would the stoic soldier dismiss Tony’s taste as childish? Tony couldn’t make a decision, but ended up placing the copies he’d found back on the pile, although a little more tentatively this time.
Tony thinks,
in the collection Coulson had let him rummage through. It was a single copy, from later in the series, one of Steve's favorites. He remembered composing it when Bucky was ill, the only thing making him part from his companion was the knowledge of how happy Buck'd be when Steve read out the continuation of the story. It was the one where Henry (modeled shamelessly after Bucky) finally gets the hot alien woman, Delta. Those memories had seemed so close, that day in Coulson's office, events that happened over sixty years ago coming back in blazing color.
Unable to meet Tony’s eyes, he focuses on the other man’s hands - the thick lines, unintelligible scribbles on the back, dark splodges that covered his fingers.
The first thing Tony registers is the smell - fresh, almost minty, a stark contrast to what he was expecting. The whole place is, really. It has a cozy and quaint ambiance, less of a store and more of a library. There are big, plush armchairs littered around the store, some occupied by teenagers who are so engaged in their chosen comic they don't even look up. It's oddly endearing.
breasts anytime." If only they knew that they'd have more chance at sleeping with him without them. He launches into a speech about the painting, speaking with a great passion and grandeur. The class still refuse to pay attention. He's on the cusp of making a declaration about the sheer depths of the painting when the door slams open. He's cut off by the sound of someone whistling 'I'm Too Sexy' by Right Said Fred. There's only one person that can enter his classroom with that level of arrogance.
"Probably not," Tony says, stealing a quick kiss from Steve. Steve finds that he doesn't mind that much, not really.
Neither of the men are brave enough to make eye contact on the way to the school, let alone mention their actions.
He stops.
“Tony?” is the only thing he can say.
"Ernst E. Groves. Never elaborated on what the E stood for. Sounds familiar though, and it's killing me I can't place where."
“No.”
Beforehand, Tony had insisted on getting an idea of the space he's decorating. So, he slips into Steve's quarters when he's out on one of runs with Sam, certain he'd have a couple hours to root around. There's a pause Tony takes when he's right outside Steve's door. He knows this is immoral, that Steve would harbor a grudge against him for such a blatant intrusion into his privacy. It's an undeniably human feeling, and Tony decides it doesn't suit him, trying to slip back into the normal Tony Stark costume, practicing his usual look of arrogance in the nearest reflective surface. He barges in because
too much time to kill. He’d even planned on being late to his and Tony’s coffee-date-that-wasn’t-really-a-date-because-they-were-definitely-just-friends. He was certain that Tony would be behind schedule too, (just like he was for every meeting) and Steve didn’t want the embarrassment of sitting alone for hours, as an underpaid waitress stared at him with pity. He’s been in that situation more times than he’d care to reveal.
He takes one last look at Steve and runs.
He can feel Steve's muscles tense under his touch, his eyes following the smooth, undulating curves of the skin Steve's tight grey shirt exposes. Looking anywhere, everywhere but directly at him, pupils a full-blown baby blue that could make grown men weep.
Just as he's about to scrape his eyeballs out, Natasha flops down next to him. She spreads her limbs across the seats, taking up three times the space Steve has.
Steve sits deliberately in the back, near the toilets so that no one disturbs him. He sits with his legs crossed on the chair, trying to work out how to mark an essay that referred to Michelangelo as 'Mike.'
The tension between the two men stretches out like taffy, each of them refusing to break eye contact. The song has ended, and the room is plunged into silence.
It’s colder outside than he’d calculated and he breathes a sigh of relief as the warmth of the cafe hits him. Luckily, there’s no queue and the barista recognizes him instantly: he’s a regular at the place, and Lucy has his cappuccino ready before he's even approached the counter. She stares at him with big doe eyes, smiling as she hands over the coffee cup. Steve thanks her, cramming himself into the nearest seat. He sips his coffee, staring at passers-by, confident that Tony won't appear among them for a long time. Steve's calm, collected, deep in thought when he hears a voice.
And just like that, any signs of emotion disappear. As quick as a flash, it's replaced with a smirk and a wink at Steve, whispering in his ear, "interesting way to call me sexy, Steve. Didn't know I was your type - I might have to buy some mistletoe to complete the room."
Steve leans back in mock-offence.
Tony wishes he could be more ashamed of that fact, but all he feels is a profound need to bring their lips back together. It takes all his strength to turn away from Steve, with a promise to meet up with each other after school. On his way out, he spots a present with an elaborate ribbon on Steve's desk. Tony points at it, asking, "who's that from?"
"I know I should be grateful but I miss those days, and it feels ridiculous saying that 'cause I sure don't miss the polio and the blatant racism but I belong there," Steve manages to smile, though the moment it shrouded in somberness, "but thanks Tony, for listening. I feel a little better now."
Pepper can sort this out. She can fix Steve just like she fixed him. Tony was actually pretty proud he'd thought of asking her. He begins to fidget, anxious for a reply. It only takes a few seconds for a one to come and he allows himself a small smile.
Steve has taken up a new hobby: observing Tony. He’s wasted so much time assuming Tony's awful through and through. When Natasha finds out, she berates him for being a stalker, but Steve prefers the term
, Tony thinks for certain this time. He stands there for a few minutes, imagining Steve’s eyes lighting up like fireworks, grinning widely as he pulls Tony into an embrace, warmth seeping into Tony’s skin. He fleshes out the scenario, carefully mapping every inch of Steve in his mind. Then, his eyes catch a glimpse of Tillie once more, and it dawns on him why the women is so familiar.
Steve had been so ready to yell at Tony, had the words so well-rehearsed in his head. Instead, he's left speechless by the sight before him.
Tony looks at him, eyes melting like hot cocoa. Steve's heart skips a beat as Tony leans ever-so-closer, they are centimeters apart when Tony whispers into his ear:
Waves of relief wash over Tony, comforted by the knowledge Steve would be familiar with these comics, and that there would be no way he could mess this up now. He gathers up all the copies he can find: around fifteen in all, the full set. He doesn't look too closely at them, only glances over the glossy, but noticeably poorer quality covers. Each has similar close-ups of one of the main protagonists in bold bubbles of color. There's two girls: the one he recognized and one with soft green skin which strangely compliments the purple vintage waves in her hair. Tony's less interested by the males though, chuckling at the unrealistic proportions of one of the guy's muscles. He's got jet black curls and tanned skin, with a cigarette permanently clutched between his teeth. The other guy, however, is more Tony's type: slick blonde hair and the bluest eyes ever seen. In ever picture he's dressed like an extra from The Princess Bride, in tight fitted trousers and a billowing white blouse.
“What’s this?” He asks, attempting to hide the lilt in his voice.
He flicks past the Disney ones quickly, looking for something a bit more adult for Steve. He then comes across a comic called
"Tony - we're in
He's slow to react, just stands there with his mouth agape, caught totally off-guard by Tony. Over the past few weeks, Steve's seen a side to the guy that he never expected and he's left juggling feelings he hasn't experienced since Peggy. When Tony finally picks up on the other man's presence, Steve responds by copying one of Tony's toothy grins and waves the comic at him. He sits down next to Tony, reading over Tony's shoulder, fighting the urge to rest his head there, Tony's cheek against his.
There aren't many things in life that anger Steve, but Tony's alarm clock is one of them. Steve wakes up to the sound of
“Come on Rogers, with those muscles we’ll get the decorations up in no time.”
Now, as those three words spilled clumsily from Steve’s mouth, Tony thinks they could not be more perfect. They were made for Steve to say, made for parting those plush lips, revealing a tantalizing hint of tongue at the beginning of the ‘L’, teasing Tony cruelly as Steve’s front teeth dragged across his bottom lip to form the ‘V’. Tony had found his purpose in life: to make Steve say those words over and over and over again until his ears bled.
, he thinks, trying to reassure himself. Steve's been this way ever since he found out about Bucky and Tony's constantly battling these feelings of guilt and shame for treating guy so harshly in the beginning. They used to be at each other's throats so often he considered it a sport, but now Tony hardly ever sees Steve around and he's left wondering how different things would be if he'd been a little nicer.
Steve grins. He's slightly taken aback by his own actions, and how uncharacteristic this is of him. Steve's uncomfortable - why does he feel like he's won first prize when all he's secured is a bill for Tony's coffee? He begins to massage his temples in an attempt to remove the image of Tony that had begun to dance around in his head.
the title reads in elongated blood red calligraphy,
“My house is empty, mostly," Tony replies, "What’s the point in decorating when there's no one there to admire my superior skills. Here, it matters. It brightens the kid's days a little, y'know. Wouldn't do much in my house."
Surprisingly, that was pretty close to the truth. Or at least, that's how it started. He was going to force JARVIS to read the comics, he'd even made a program that would give a rough estimation as to how much Steve would like a comic. He'd been scanning the comics in when he found himself stopping at the pile of the
Tony takes this as an invitation to lead the conversation, and launches into a speech about the many, many times he’s been late to work, too occupied by his hobby - mechanics. He tells Steve how last night was similar, confesses that he’d broken some expensive computer parts - too busy thinking about this morning. Steve wonders if Tony felt as nervous as he did about the whole thing, but dismisses it straight away, not like Tony at all.
Tony despises following instructions. In fact he went to extreme lengths to disobey the rules set out for him. However, taking another glance at Steve's clammy appearance, he decides that this could be the one exception. He gives Steve a reassuring grin and looks up at the ceiling, expecting another clue that will lead him on a wild goose chase around the school, ending with a mediocre gift and a disappointed Tony. He's imagined every possible scenario, really.
Steve laughs at that, and then feels a little guilty. More than a little. He folds.
inspiring speeches on naked women while I steal some art supplies."
Steve decides that he'll never look at Natasha again.
Steve shakes his head, staring at Tony with wide eyes, "Tony," he smiles sadly, "you're too good, you shouldn't have..."
"That's the dumbest fucking thing I've ever heard."
He flips the box open, smiling slightly. The box is empty. Of course it is. There's a note, though.
"What'd you say that fellow's name was?"
“That took me three weeks!”
Over the next couple of weeks, Tony corners Steve at least twice a day. Mostly their conversations don't venture beyond a whisper of "Cap, you okay?" and small nods. Tony likes to think he's doing this to score brownie points with Pepper, who's surveying his actions with an almost motherly pride. Tony doesn't realize the extent of his feelings until he's sent on a mission in the Middle East and spends every minute dealing with the emptiness he feels without his and Steve's albeit short conversations. He feels an overwhelming sense of relief when he returns, the next morning holding out a tray of cookies to Steve (too good to be made by him, but what Steve didn't know wouldn't hurt him).
Steve cracks up again. "I knew, stupid. Hopefully I'll be able to drink these ones."
"Hey Steve, old buddy, old..." Tony cuts himself off immediately, cheeks going red as Steve manages to somehow to look even more depressed than before. Definitely the wrong approach.
Tony laughs back, at the absurdity of it, at how useless they both were when it came to love.
“Yeah! But I don’t understand why Charles is chasing after Mary so much. Like, he’s gorgeous and all the good jokes are given to him and she comes across all snooty. Definitely think there’s some underlying homoerotic tension between Charles and Henry though. The way this Groves guy sketches out their long, lingering gazes is totally telling me something about him.”
"Huh," Steve mumbles, grabbing one of Tony's weird technological pads that he's barely got a grasp on. He uses the pen attached to it to write the name out, and then another name underneath. Tony's jaw drops.
Steve thinks he might explode. He runs through the corridors, barges into Tony's room, finger already pointed, accusingly.
Titian's masterpiece, Venus of Urbino, fills the screen. There are a few giggles at the back of the classroom - there was no painting in existence that this God-forsaken class won't laugh at. Teenagers and renaissance breasts do not go well together. He stares into the sea of children: mostly female, completely uninterested in art unless it involved Steve doing some nude modelling. (He'd been asked more times than he could count but was still left speechless every time.)
There, in comic sans, is the name Tony Stark. IT Teacher. Room E3.
, tinsel dripping from every inch of his body as he shakes his way around the room. There's chaos littered around him - multicolored baubles overflowing from cardboard boxes, a tree that looks like it's about to topple at any opportunity.
We could have lost our jobs if anyone saw us."
Their mutual attraction becomes an underlying tension in the room, both men trying to fill the void. Tony leans forward, both of them too aware of how little space there is between the two, and how neither of them can seem to break eye contact. It's Tony that makes the first move, placing his hand over Steve's. In response, Steve flinches, startled by the sudden contact. He ends up knocking his teacup off the table, and it shatters on the floor. Both of them jump up, turning to the girl at the register and apologizing profusely. Steve goes a step further, snatching the broom out of the girl's hand and begins to sweep up the smashed teacup himself.
your eyes that are expressive though, that's what I love about you," Steve knows that the more he speaks, the deeper the hole he's digging but the words still tumble out, "every inch of your body tells me something about you, from the callouses on your palms to a grin that could rival the Mona Lisa's. Even in your dimly lit classroom, the light and dark contours of your body contrast each other - harmonious. Um- This is speaking as an artist, of course. Nothing more."
“Rogers! Hey! Steve Rogers! Over here!”
Tony, midway through singing
between them two. And Mary’s so strong and confident, that’s why Charles loves him. I mean her!”
Steve, the only art teacher in the building, is his Secret Santa. The revelation doesn't shock him as much as he thought it would - it explains why Steve wanted to spend time with him all of a sudden. Although Tony feels proud he's worked it out, he can't stop himself from feeling slightly depressed. He'd let himself think that Steve was vying for his attention for a
In the twenty minutes they’ve been working together, some order has been restored. There's festive garland around the computers and Tony had forced Steve to hang bunting from the ceiling. They stood, admiring their handiwork, warm cocoa in their hands. The speakers on Tony's desk now played
Steve is by no means an angry man. He's only ever been in a fight once before, in 7th Grade when Matthew Anderson stole the new kid's lunch money. He'd left with a black eye and a split lip, vowing that words were a much better way to solve problems. He's found that this is generally a good rule for life, except when it comes to Tony Stark. Stark is an anomaly - witty and ill-mannered, he always has a clever retort to Steve, making him feel like a complete fool for trying to do the right thing. So he lets Tony go on with himself, carry out his little performance.
Tony raises an eyebrow but doesn't question it directly: Steve looks like he's on the verge of exploding, beads of sweat beginning to drip down his forehead.
"Don't push me, Rogers."
Tony is left speechless for a few moments. Then he opens his mouth to whisper, "
“You idiot,” Tony says, quickly and with the biggest grin on his lips, tears bring to form in the corners of his eyes, “you colossal idiot.”
. It isn’t creepy if it's for a Secret Santa present, right? After all, Steve has good intentions.
Steve nearly screams at his own stupidity. Given their past, they've never actually spoke over text before - Steve would have committed murder if someone had given Tony Stark his phone number. Despite this, he's always kept Tony's number in his phone: the contact information for all staff was on the school system. When Steve first started at Merton, he was motivated and highly-organized, making sure he could contact everyone who worked in the building, including the cleaners. Steve has changed since then, and the fact that he'd lost that ambition along the way left a sharp pang of guilt in his stomach.
As the words in front of him begin to melt into each other, Tony silently curses whoever chose such a minuscule font for official SHIELD documents. He stopped listening to Fury as soon as he entered the room, and is now following a very specific train of thought about the profitability of official Tony Stark body pillows. He's already drawing up the patent forms in his head when a sharp kick by Natasha forces his mind back on track, trying his very best to tune in to Fury's words. It's not that the standing of HYDRA doesn't interest him, but he analysed the relevant reports last night. The ability to work his way into SHIELD's encrypted files did have some benefits.
He keeps his espresso shots in the very back of the cupboard, for emergency use only. Steve's much more of a cocoa person, makes sure the school’s cocoa powder is always replenished. To Steve, coffee represents desperation and fatigue, things he rarely felt unless Stark is present. Digging around, past old, crumbling watercolors, his hands finally grasp the object. He can almost feel the hot coffee in the back of this throat.
different reason, and the realization that he was just looking for gift ideas leaves a somber atmosphere in the room. Tony feels stupid, for reading too much into Steve's actions, for thinking they could be something more than colleagues. He pushes the negative thoughts to the back of his mind as he makes his way to Steve's room, and tries to think of some witty retort to whatever Steve has gotten him.
Tony plants a lazy kiss in Steve's hair and let out an exaggerated gasp, "Steve, you Grinch! I can't believe you'd be so ignorant to the holiday that brought us together!"
Tony tries again. "Look," he begins, placing a hand on Steve's shoulder. It's uncomfortable and unnatural and Tony grimaces inwardly. There's nowhere to go with this sentence and he's already given up. "Uh, well, what i'm trying to say. What i'm trying to ask, really - well, what we're all trying to ask-"
And that's a lot for Tony to process, so instead he tries his best to put a supportive smile on his face, a hand on Steve's arm. And it's a little breathtaking, how after everything, that arm feels like it belongs there.
The brunette with the tiny nose and big doe eyes - from the comic he'd seen in Steve's room.
He steps away from the desk and takes a deep breath. God, he hopes Tony won't take this the wrong way. Was there a wrong way? Steve's just inviting him for coffee, right? That's what friends do, surely? Does he even consider Tony a friend? And more importantly, does Tony consider him to be one? Steve's phone chimes before he can lament over the tone of his text. His stomach churns as he flips his phone over.
As he contemplates his completed page, none of the ideas jump out at him. They seem banal, and banal was something nobody would associate with Tony. Steve's calendar has a big red circle around the 23rd of December: the day Merton breaks up for Christmas. Three days. He has three days to get Tony a gift. There's no hope, he thinks. In a moment of pure insanity, he takes out his phone. A phone that looks like it's from another era entirely, thick and clunky - he hates technology. He scrolls through his contacts, trying to find Tony's number before his brain has a chance to catch up. He sends the message:
Every year there's someone in this school who dares to ask Steve to partake in the annual Secret Santa event, and every year he bores them to death with a list of reasons as to why that's the worst idea ever. He's about to start his cleverly rehearsed speech when Natasha clasps her hands around his mouth.
I text back "I'm not trying to be rude but I like to know what you, the hulk and him were talking about. I'm his friend in all actually I care for him" I sent it without thinking.
I see Tony turning and tossing in a more panic mess, "Jarvis what do I do?" I asked him and he said "well sir he has more of a relax mental with you so," I nod.
"What can I do what can I do?" I thought, puzzled. "Okay Tony," I say but he's not listening so I try again but more closer to his ears, "Tony,". Tony's face change for a slight second than when back to looking at my hand and now more interested in my whole arm, "weird little man a little science man," I thought as he just looks at my arm and hand and more closely at all the little cuts and stitching from every battle. I get a little closer to his ear to see if that would have any impact, "now Tony it's rude to not listen to your......... friends," I say, getting angrier at him but he doesn't respond just keeps looking at my arm and wrist probably thinking. "I had it up to here with him....... I don't always get this pissed with him but he needs to listen to me," I thought as I tense up. "Tony Stark listen to me now," I said right into his ear, in that deep rather angry voice, knowing he listens to that any day.
"Hawkeye shut it," I said, putting the rest of Tony's clothes.
"Why" is Cap could say, Tony didn't say anything, just shrugged and drank his drink more, look to his screen, nothing he's very dead in the head even if he's smart but he's only human. Cap slowly walked towards the man with the messy hair and unkept lab which smelt like fried electronics.
Tony tries not to seem too eager as he falls to his knees, glad for the pillow. It’s warmer than the cool wood, and softer too. Steve pulls out his chair and sits, beginning his meal. Tony keeps his eyes trained down. Steve loves when he’s good. Tony wants to be good.
Tony hisses, his whole body tensing suddenly. Steve stares at him, then his whole face closes off. He folds his arms over his chest. “I’m sorry? Are you embarrassed to be with me? Is the great Tony Stark too good for a skinny Dom with tats?” His voice is a little too loud for Tony’s taste. He hushes Steve, grabbing his arm. “Please! Keep your voice down! It’s not like that!”
“You did not, you big sap.”
T-Man: I DIDN’T PUT MY MESSAGE ON ANON
Tony does his best to relax into the pose. It last for about a second before he’s itching to write out some equations or play with his tablet. He shifts ever so slightly, then freezes when he feels Steve’s eyes lock onto him. “Tony,” he warns, “this is your first and only warning. If you move again, I will punish you.”
“Anything,” Steve says, leaning down to kiss the top of Tony’s head. “I want us to be alone. And I want to go under.” Steve looks down at his lover. He caresses Tony’s cheek and smiles gently. It’s been a while since they’ve done it, and really that’s the only thing that Tony wants. “Sure, baby. I’ll make some preparations.”
Steve sets his plate of toast and fruit on the table, sliding into the seat. He sips his coffee, reading the newspaper that Tony never reads. Tony breathes steady and slow, remembering the exercises from his therapist. “Color?” Tony looks up. “Green.”
“Beautiful. Do you know what I’ve entitled this collection?” Tony shakes his head. “A Gift.”
With Steve’s knees tucked below his armpits, Tony tries to get his mouth on him. Steve grabs his hair, tugging back, not painful but sharp. “You don’t get to suck my cock until I say so,” he growls. Tony moans. “Sorry, Sir. Just want your cock so bad.” They’re both so far gone already.
Finally, Steve offers him a slice of orange. It’s ripe and juicy, so much so that it dribbles down his chin. Turning toward him, Steve leans down and kisses Tony after he’s swallowed. He licks a little at the juice around his mouth and dips his tongue to taste the orange on Tony’s tongue.
He slides down Steve’s dick, taking a good portion into his mouth and begins to bob like he's seen in the videos online. He looks up at Steve, gauging his reaction. Steve is panting and moaning, clutching the sheets with one hand. “God, Tony. You’re so good…so gorgeous when you suck my cock…I’ve been dreaming about this…” The admission makes Tony whimper, his cock twitching between his legs. He reaches down to stroke himself, but loses the rhythm on Steve’s cock.
“S-Steve,” Tony chokes out. Happy lets him pass, and Steve rushes to him. “Hey. Tony, Tony, listen. It’s me, it’s Steve. Can you look at me?” Tony’s eyes won’t focus like they’re supposed to, but he manages to look at Steve. Steve gives him a watery smile. “That’s good. Good job, Tony. It’ll be okay. Can you hear me? I need you to breathe with me. Can you do that?”
Steve’s not sitting on the couch though; he’s moved to the easel. Tony sits on the couch obediently. Steve stands over him, moving Tony’s body so he’s lying stretched out, posed. Tony snickers a little. “Draw me like one of your French girls.” Steve laughs softly as he sits down at the easel.
“Absolutely,” Steve says as he pulls on some boxers. He leaves out the bedroom door. Tony stretches and sits up in bed. He can hear the coffee machine in his kitchen. He gets up and heads to the bathroom.
Tony makes an undignified squawk and moves back quickly. “S-sorry!” Steve’s face is slowly turning red, blotchy pink spreading across his fair skin. “Allen wrench?” he offers quietly, holding it out. Tony takes it and immediately turns back to the chair.
Tony smiles so hard his face hurts, and not in the good way. The damn press is everywhere. Wasn’t this supposed to be a small charity event for… children? Disabled veterans? Disabled child veterans?
Steve leans closer as he sets the dishes on the table. He’s teasing, just slightly, but enough to make Tony crave his touch already. Steve points to a pillow at the side of the table. “Kneel.”
Steve has a very, very effective method of convincing him to leave. Maybe it works both ways.
“I have a car outside,” Tony blurts. Steve grins. He’s so eager. Steve is really going to enjoy taking him apart. “Then let’s go.” He grabs Tony’s hand and leads him out of the bar. Apparently by car, Tony meant chauffeured car. Steve is honestly a little surprised, but he climbs into the car after Tony.
Just as Tony works up the courage to ask if they should go to bed, a loud crack reverberates through the room. Steve’s eyes go wide and Tony falls forward as Steve falls back. Steve hits the ground hard enough to knock the wind out of him. Tony falls gracelessly on top with a squawk.
Tony nods, arching into Steve’s solid body. “Patience,” Steve chides. “Do you want to see your picture?” Tony’s eyes widen. “Yes.” Smirking, Steve gets the charcoal drawing. Tony doesn’t know much about art, but he can tell Steve is good. However, he’s more focused on how Steve has drawn him. He looks hungry, hungry for Steve, and yet so focused on pleasing him. Tony can see the slight strain in the way Steve’s drawn his muscles.
“Yes,” Tony says. He responds so beautifully, opening his mouth slightly in invitation. It takes all of Steve’s self-control not to make Tony suck his fingers in the middle of the bar.
Tony came back from class and yanked open his Stark laptop (ok so it was a Mac, but he’d made enough modifications it was basically a Tony Stark original.) It was Thursday night, which means his favorite blog CapAmerica would be updating. Maybe he’d answer the anon post he’d sent to.
Steve recovers slowly, reaching down to pull Tony upward. Tony straddles Steve’s hips and Steve reaches for Tony’s cock. “May I?” Tony whines softly. “Yes.” Steve grasps Tony’s cock firmly, stroking slowly at first to let Tony adjust. No one has ever touched him there before. “Look at you… so hard from sucking my cock…you’re so perfect, Tony.”
“Fuck, Tony. Tony, I’m going to come.”
Steve was at the front desk already, speaking French to the clerk who handed him a room key with a smile. Tony marched over, catching the end of their conversation. He tugged at Steve’s shirt, pleading with his eyes. Steve said something to polite, grabbed Tony’s hand, and the two practically ran to the elevator.
Tony watches wide-eyed as Steve’s body is revealed to him. His cock is big, soft right now, but it twitches under Tony’s gaze. He longs to reach out and touch it, but he wants to be naked too. He lifts his hips, pulling off his jeans and boxers, kicking them to the floor.
Steve wobbles off of Tony, panting slightly. “God, baby. That was so good.” Tony whimpers softly. He’s feeling floaty, from the lack of air or the buzz of pleasure, he’s not quite sure. Without Steve’s cock in his mouth, the throb of his cock between his legs is suddenly overwhelming. He grips the sheets and whines.
“Just what, baby? It’s okay, you can tell me.”
He leans in, straddling Tony as he unbuttons Tony’s shirt. Theres a strange metal disk in the center of his chest that gives off a soft glow. His fingers skim around it, rubbing at Tony’s nipples instead. “Nnnn…God. Steve.” Smirking, Steve shrugs off his jacket and pulls his shirt over his head. Tony’s mouth drops open, eyes darkening. Steve grinds down a little under Tony’s gaze. “You can touch.”
Tony tried to hide the blush creeping to his face with a big gulp of coffee. He ended up choking, nearly burning his mouth on the scalding liquid. Steve raised an eyebrow at him, and Tony scampered away, mumbling excuses.
Though it could have something to do with the fact that Steve didn’t recognize him.
Steve hushes him softly, petting Tony’s neck. “It’s fine. I want to reward you.” Steve nuzzles Tony’s neck. “Do you want me to pick?” With a sigh of relief, Tony nods. “Okay. Let’s go to the bedroom.” Scooping Tony into his arms, Steve carries him to their bedroom.
Steve runs off to make preparations. Natasha simply smiles to herself, shaking her head.
Steve chuckles and pecks Tony’s cheek. “Alright, fine. But I’m paying for dinner next time, got it?” Tony’s heart flutters.
“Oh, I did. Anything for my best guy’s birthday.” Tony smiles, kissing his lover, his Dom, his best friend. “Thank you. I love you.”
“Do you have restraints?” Steve asks. He steps closer, tilting Tony’s head up by the chin. “Yes.”
“Quark,” Tony rasps. His face is flushed, lips kiss swollen, and eyes dark. Steve wants him so bad he can hardly stand it.
Tony moans, hips thrusting into Steve’s hand. Steve speeds up the pace, grabbing lube to make the slide more comfortable. “Steve…” Tony whines. He can feel his orgasm coming, building up and threatening to explode. “Steve,” he says again. “Come for me, Tony. I want to watch you come.” Tony gasps, hips bucking as he comes on Steve’s hand and a little of his chest.
“I love it, oh my God. I’m coming here everyday now.” Steve chuckles, taking Tony’s hand on the table. Tony looks down at their hands, flushing. “Are you finished?” Steve asks softly. Tony swallows hard, but nods. Steve tosses some cash on the table and leads Tony out of the restaurant.
Tony’s breath catches. A gift. “Submission is a gift. Too many people, too many Doms, take that for granted. I wanted to show subs as they are, as real people.”
“I have work,” Steve says finally. Tony sits up. “Work! Yeah, of course you do! I’m sorry I didn’t mean to keep you!” Tony scurries out of Steve’s lap. Steve sighs, standing up slowly. “Don’t worry. I still have time. It’s just a longer commute to Brooklyn from here. Gotta catch the train.”
Steve, as Captain America and leader of the Avengers, was answering questions in a serious tone and a serious expression, so why was Tony so hard? At this point, he wouldn’t be able to stand up without drawing attention in his fitted suit. Tony bit his lip, silently wishing he was still wearing the armor.
The glass shower door opens and naked Steve steps through in to join him. Tony tenses for a moment. He’s never showered with anyone before. Steve smiles sweetly. “Sorry. I didn’t mean to startle you.”
Steve can’t hold back. This beautiful sub, so ready and at his mercy. He lifts Tony’s thighs so he can thrust properly, driving himself as far as he can go. “You don’t come until I do,” Steve orders. Tony nods, moaning and begging for more. Steve doesn’t last long; Tony is too hot, too wonderful. He comes into the condom, imagining one day he’ll get to come all over Tony, maybe fill him up. Tony howls, arching against the restraints as he comes all over himself.
Tony blinks at him. “Ikea? Steven Grant Rogers did you bring that Swedish manufactured nightmare into my home?” Steve cracks a smile. “It seemed sturdy and less expensive with the mahogany masterpieces Pepper kept trying to get me to buy.”
They kiss as soon as the door closes. They come together like waves crashing, hands and mouths everywhere. “Tony,” Steve sighs. He’s trying to be firm. He has plans, but Tony’s mouth and tongue on his skin is hard to ignore. “Tony, I want you to kneel for me.” Tony stops his onslaught. He swallows and nods. “By the bed, please.” Tony goes, kicking off his shoes and shedding his jacket to kneel more comfortably. Steve didn’t ask him to, and he finds he likes the way that Tony’s making the rules. He’s not challenging, just taking the freedom Steve is giving him. “Hands behind your back.“
Tony moaned, rutting against Steve. “No,” he protested weakly. “Tu es sûr, mon chéri?” Tony moaned a little louder, writhing against Steve. “D-don’t call me that,” he hissed. He felt like he was going to come in pants, cock hard and throbbing in his trousers. “Mon chéri,” Steve said softly, sucking a hickey onto Tony’s neck “Steve.”
“Then he’s not the man I thought he was.”
Tony groaned as the Ikea chair came into view. Steve smiled. “Back to work?” Tony grumbled and plopped down onto the floor. “JARVIS? Walk me through this?”
Tony nods, nestling between Steve’s powerful thighs. He takes Steve’s cock in one hand, gasping when Steve hisses out a moan. He leans forward to give the head a tentative lick. Steve moans again, a little louder this time. It encourages Tony, who leans forward to lap at the head and take it into his mouth. He’s never given a blowjob before, but Steve tastes amazing. His scent is a little musky and the weight of his dick on Tony’s tongue feels heavenly.
Tony hit send. Maybe not being on anon wasn’t such a bad thing.
WarMachineRox: What???
After Afghanistan, Tony usually spends his birthday in the lab. Pepper and Rhodey may drag him up for an intimate meal, maybe a small gift. When they’re too busy for that, they give him a call, which he always answers. But that’s really all he needs. It’s never been about him anyway.
Tony sat back in the chair and closed his eyes.
Steve’s hands runs up Tony’s legs. The kissing has already excited him. His breath hitches as Steve gets closer to his cock. “Tony,” Steve breathes.
Steve though… God, when Tony tells him that he doesn’t celebrate his birthday- that he doesn’t want any gifts- Steve gives him this kicked puppy look.
“Color?”
Tony grabbed Steve’s arm and dragged him to a private car he’d hired with a few taps on his cellphone. “Tony? Where are we going?”
“Hello. Did you enjoy your birthday present?” Tony nods. “Next time, slower.” Steve chuckles. “Sorry, got a little eager.”
Buying things for Steve is a secret guilty pleasure. Steve hates it when Tony spends crazy amounts of money on him, but he’s always grateful, sometimes surprised at the things Tony can come up with.
“Where are we?” Tony asks as Steve pulls out of the gas station. “We’re almost there,” Steve answers. Tony watches the greenery pass by until Steve makes a turn onto a small dirt road. He leans forward in his seat and catches glimpse of a secluded cabin.
Steve kissed Tony’s neck, biting down gently. “Only after I saw how red your face was, how you were wriggling in your seat. You were practically begging me to fuck you,” Steve whispered. In retaliation, Tony ground down again, earning a sharp moan from Steve.
“Whatever you like?” Tony says, but it sounds more like a question. Steve frowns, moving his hand away. “Tony,” Steve urges. Tony looks a little helpless. “Um, I don’t…I don’t really like a lot of pain. Spanking is okay, but I don’t want to be scratched or cut or burned.” Steve rewards his honesty by moving his hand up Tony’s thigh. Tony’s breath hitches. “Don’t like being called mean things. No videos. Like bondage, not blindfolds or gags.” Steve smiles, hand trailing to trace the seam at Tony’s groin. “Good, anything you’d like especially tonight?”
Groggily, Tony dresses and follows Steve to a black SUV that Tony doesn’t recognize- a rental, probably to keep the press from recognizing the car. Steve packs the trunk and opens the door for Tony. Tony slips into the seat and quickly falls asleep in the seat.
“Green! Oh my God, green, please!” Steve pushes in and Tony screams. His orgasm is so fucking close, only held back by the ring around his dick. “Fuck!”
“Do you have lube?” Tony freezes. Nodding stiffly, he points to the drawer. Steve opens the drawer, pulling out the lube and a condom. There are tons of different sizes in there, because Tony had no idea which one to pick. Judging by the condom, he’s pretty big. Tony swallows nervously. Will it hurt? He’s read about tearing. How much prep should they do? Oh God he’s so not ready for this.
They lose track of time. Steve only barely remembers that he came to the bar with Bucky. He looks around, but Buck’s probably found someone and gone home with them. “Looking for your friend?” Tony asks. “He must have found someone to take home.”
He chanted Steve’s name like a prayer, overwhelmed yet begging for more. “Je t’aime, Tony,” Steve said into his ear, fucking Tony with no restraint now.
He tugged Steve by the hair, crushing their mouths together. “Evil,” Tony whined, grinding his hips down. Steve moaned softly, hands flying up to grip at Tony’s hips. “I actually…didn’t expect it to… affect you,” Steve gasped between fervent kisses. “You smirked at me.”
But Steve…Steve had broken down every barrier like it was nothing. Tony didn’t have to put on an act, he didn’t have to pretend. Tony sighs. He could easily get addicted to this- a dating life where he’s publicly acting like sub, where everyone knows.
“Yes, Sir.”
Tony yelps. Steve’s mouth is so
“Not like it wasn’t amazing,” Tony says with a laugh. Steve chuckles too and kisses Tony’s forehead. “Want to take a bubble bath?” Tony laughs softly. “Knew you were gonna ask. Candles?”
“Hey. Don’t look at them. Look at me.” Steve’s Dom voice is quiet but commanding. Tony looks to him. “Are you alright?” His eyes get teary. It’s over. He had a panic attack in public, and now he’s in the arms of a Dom, who obviously knows him.
“Want to see you,” Tony blurts. He seems to think better of it, turning his face away. Steve rubs the outline of Tony’s cock, relishing in how it twitches and hardens. “What do you mean, baby?” Tony’s fingers clench at the leather seats. “Want to be facing you when you take me, want to kiss and touch you. Don’t want doggy style.”
“Then you should know.”
“Please, please, Sir!”
“But Rhodey, I didn’t spread those rumors! And what if Steve wants to do it on the first date.” Rhodey looks up, nose crinkling. “I don’t think he’s that kind of guy.” Tony groaned. “But it’ll happen at some point, right?”
They were not going back on the Quinjet with the team. They were not going to debrief with Fury back at SHIELD. No no no.
“You do realize, my Dom is most certainly going to be in the press.”
Steve smirks, touching Tony’s arm, pushing the sleeve of Tony’s suit up to touch bare skin. “That depends.”
“Can we do something, just the two of us then?” Tony smiles weakly. “There is something I would like…”
A man catches his eye from the corner of the room, seemingly out of place among the piercings, tattoos, leather corsets, and colored hair. He’s wearing a suit that shows off the lines of his body. His goatee is neatly trimmed and he’s wearing sunglasses, sipping from a glass. He’s gorgeous, lithe and Steve’s gut twists with pleasure at the thought of tying him up and ruining that expensive suit.
“I’m so sorry.” Tony hides his face in his hands. “Don’t be. It was an accident.” Steve pulls Tony’s arms away from his face, gazing at his bare chest. “Look at me, Tony. I want to see you.” Tony flushes, head turning away from Steve’s adoring stare. “You’re so beautiful, Tony,” Steve tells him, leaning down to kiss Tony’s chest and lick at his nipples.
Steve pets his hair, pushing the sweaty strands out of his eyes. “You were perfect. I’m going to get us some water and a washcloth. Okay?” Tony nods, a goofy smile on his face. Steve is so good. Takes good care of him.
Tony backs up to make a smart remark. Then he realizes how close they are. They’re both on the floor, but his arms are around Steve’s neck, Steve’s big, warm hands on Tony’s waist. He looks up into Steve’s cool, azure eyes and his heart beat flutters. Steve’s smile fades slightly, and Tony is about to ask him what’s wrong when he leans forward.
Tony and Steve become official after the second date, and Tony has never been happier. Steve comes to the lab with coffee and food, checking up on him and asking about his projects. He takes Tony to his art galleries or doodles him when they’re out to lunch.
“What do you mean you don’t celebrate your birthday?” He’s stopped sketching where he is seated at the couch in Tony’s lab. Tony waves a hand at him dismissively. “It’s not a big deal.”
Wandering at the edges of the gallery, Tony stops in front of one collection in particular. It’s a series of sketches- so simple, just plain charcoal- and yet Tony can’t take his eyes off of them. They’re subs, but they’re not drawn like most subs are. These aren’t the dirty pictures or the images of subs Tony sees on magazines, in movies. These are men and women, who may be submitting, but it isn’t sexual.
It’s Steve. Tony bites his lip to hold back the smile threatening to spread across his face. Steve is really the weirdest Dom Tony has ever met- and it’s not because of the hair or the piercings or the tattoos.
“Of course.”
Tony snaps to attention. “Hey Capsicle. Just checking to see how things are going.” Steve frowns at the…table? Tony can’t quite tell what he’s trying to put together. “The Internet said that these Ikea things are good starter furniture.”
“Have you found someone to take home?”
“Tony? Tony!” Pepper is holding him, shouting for an ambulance. She glares at Steve, keeping Happy from him. “It’s a panic attack!” Steve’s voice insists. “Please, let me help!”
Things are beginning to make a lot of sense. “So, will you go out with me? I know I don’t look like a proper Dom or anything, but I really enjoyed myself tonight. I’d like to keep seeing you.”
“Are you a veteran?”
So apparently there's going to be more of this? Be aware there's a panic/anxiety attack in this chapter
Steve lifts Tony’s chin and gives him a soft, sweet kiss. “Let’s finish this and then maybe I’ll give you your reward.” Tony immediately turns to box containing Steve’s bed and gets to work.
On the day of Tony’s birthday, Steve wakes Tony. He’s already dressed and there are some suitcases already packed. “We’re going for a drive,” Steve tells him with a good morning kiss.
Tony keens, whining as Steve pushes the first lubed finger inside him. “Fuck. You open so nice for me. Does that feel good?” Tony nods, spreading his legs. “Wanna draw you like this, ‘cept maybe with a plug inside you.” Tony is gasping as Tony fucks him. His fingers are slender so he adds another. Tony bites his lip. “Talk to me, baby. Tell me what you want. You can speak.” The admission seems to open a floodgate. Tony babbles, moaning for more and harder and please. Steve wants to hear him scream.
“Yes,” Tony admits. “Please,” he adds.
“There is a severe design flaw in this chair.” Steve laughs harder. Tony’s face turns red. He throws down the instructions and the allen wrench. “I give up! JARVIS order some real furniture.”
The car starts moving and Steve can tell they’re going to Manhattan. Tony looks to him every so often, nerves obvious in his eyes. He’s babbling a little, talking about his apartment, making sure it isn’t too far from home for him. Steve looks out the window, but lets his hand wander to Tony’s thigh. Tony sighs in relief, quieting down a little at the contact. Steve squeezes Tony’s thigh, glancing to smile at him. “Why don’t you tell me about what you like?” Steve prompts. It’s not quite an order, but they need to discuss it before they start anything.
Then a few good seconds before my hand is on his face fully, "Ah er Tony," I said, confused as my face get warmer.
I give it to him as soon as he starts pouting, I roll my eyes at the sight of him being this childish like the man that has drunk more than four times his body weight within two weeks. I sit at the edge of the bed, I slowly lose the grip of being wake from carrying him everywhere and plus it's way pass 1am but like I do a lot of stuff every day, I look over to see Tony playing with my hand, studying it in a weird way until I get a ding from the phone thing Stark gave me and it's from Hawkeye:
"Well Sir it's Stark's orders and coding Sir," Jarvis said.
"I..... Thank you both," I said.
Hawkeye typed then uptyped then typed, "ooooohhhhh Cap has some past not too new" then a second later "I could just always forward it to Starky".
No sounds from the lab that's human unless you count Javis's voice, saying a bunch of stuff to do with science and stuff that Cap had really no interest to keep track of other than the fact he's overworking himself.
He stopped and said: "pretty" then went back to what he was doing with my arm, I'm getting angry so I just look away, pissed off. The thing I never thought Stark would do when I'm in this mood is resting his head on my shoulder. So in logical case, I put my head on top of his and said: "do you want both of my hands or just the one,".
"Ah yes I get that," he said that looking at his work, "did you get it done," I asked.
I pat his head, running my hand slowly through his hair, I get calmer its nice to, "this feeling is confusing but it feels okay to be it," I thought as I get a coming call.
"Is there anything I can do?" I asked.
Me: Hmm he's tired so
"I mean Tony would like to know though and he probably does knowing him" Hawkeye typed.
He typed to me, "hmmm onboard thinking" and I typed "yes".
I start off first with some stretches like moving the shoulders around, making all those clicky sounds with the straight arms, warming up the legs with jogging on the spot and squatting holding it then standing up.
"Hey now...... Tony  you need to sleep buddy," I said as I move my hand away from him, he starts to pout, so I pull him into my side and arm around him, so he slides more into me and then shuffles a little bit to the side and start looking at my hand again, studying it more and more.
He nods and let go as I back up and he slowly gets into undercover and does that gimme hands that toddlers do for like iPads or something or whatever else little children do.
His patience runs thin when the next week rolls around, the hulk and Thor being the duo of smash and one brain cell taking on small villains while others in respective duos look and protect the city while Cap tries to get back Tony into fame and lights.
Me: yes
Me: is anyone?
Cap walked to the lab, bangs onto the door for maybe an hour until, "Stark put up the protective barriers of the glass windows and doors," he thought to himself unhappy and very pissed without having the opportunity to punch it out. "Stark," he yelled, knocking on the protective barrier door.
His hand slowly hold onto the top of the back of the chair, he hoped it's softly so it's easier to talk to him. "Tony," he said slowly, continue watching him carefully "it's time to sleep,". Tony didn't say anything, just looked at the screen and drinking that weird drink that Jarvis keeps bringing it to him. A few minutes of nothing but the stink of the lab and the screen hurting Caps' eyes, he looked away but a small mumble came from Tony but he couldn't hear it so he came slowly closer then he hears a small voice saying: "hey"
I run up to the pole and climbed up it.
It didn't take long, I put the machine on and then walked out of the room, thinking to myself.
"Cap back up strong one," Black widow said.
"Hmm" is all Tony said then went back to Caps' soft hand that is a bit bigger than Tony's until Cap speaks up "going once...... Going twice........ Going three ti-" Cap said until stopped by Tony puts his own hand to Caps' mouth and said, "shut up and take me,".
"Hawkeye if you send it to him I will not hesitate to make a week of your life dead painful" I typed jokingly "Just because it's just some moves that aren't really hard with my body maybe with my old body...... I do miss that simple time but I really don't," I thought as I look back down to Tony, "nah I don't" I thought. His heart is glowing through his grey long sheeve and black loose shirt combo, my shirt he's holding and the blanket, "is that safe?" I mumbled.
"It's just how he deals with his uh nightmare anyway I need to go" Bruce texted me and I just sent a "okay".
The ding from the phone stop me from looking at Tony more and look to my phone to see Hawkeyes text.
