Sherlock cannot bring himself to wake him.
They run into a problem one Wednesday afternoon. The cleaners have come through early, and the chemistry lab is already closed by the time they reach it.
"Thank you for staying," Sherlock's mother replies. "You're more than welcome here any time. Good luck with your project."
Sherlock never has to censor himself, with John. Mind, Sherlock has never censored himself with anyone, but in most cases, this usually leads to people calling him some variation of 'Freak' and walking away. John never walks away, and John never tells Sherlock to piss off when he makes deductions (either about John or about someone else). On the contrary – often, when Sherlock makes deductions, John will say something like "Amazing" or "Fantastic" or some other such word that makes something warm and light blossom in Sherlock's chest. Sherlock knows that he is clever, but so many of his deductions are with regards to things that are so blindingly obvious and unbearably simple to him, he has never believed that they are anything to be awestruck by.
It's not just about the way John looks, however. It's so much more than that. Sherlock has heard in the past that it is a person's personality that makes them beautiful, and once upon a time, he would have thought this is ridiculous. Regardless of a person's personality, their facial features remain constant. Whether they are kind or rude has no bearing on that. However, the more Sherlock gets to know John, he realises that he was wrong about this. John is warm, and kind, and good, and it's like it shines through his skin and makes him glow. Physically, John is attractive, but his personality turns him into something that's far more breathtaking.
I just don't want you to miss out on what could actually be a really amazing night for you.
He turns and makes his way down the front step, but before he can disappear from sight, Sherlock says, "John", and John stops, turning to face him.
When the movie finishes and the credits start rolling, John does not get up and make a move to turn it off. It reaffirms Sherlock's suspicions that something is wrong, but he cannot work out precisely what that is.
I count 3 times at least.
Emoticons are always necessary.
I am in class.
Later, Sherlock sits up in his room and twists his phone around in his hands. Part of him wants to text John, but he knows that John probably won't reply if he's too busy with his girlfriend. It's worse to think of John not replying to a text that Sherlock sends than it is to think about John just not texting him to start off with.
"I expect he did, once," Mycroft said, "but love never lasts. All hearts are broken in the end."
He's lucky, staying at home, because he has the place to himself. His parents had booked some sort of overnight trip on the night of formal, likely under the assumption that Sherlock would actually go. The idea that they assumed that for even a second is ridiculous, but maybe his parents were holding onto some sort of wishful thinking. All the same, they do not cancel their trip at the discovery that Sherlock will be home that night, not when Sherlock insists that he's fine and would rather be alone anyway. He has the house to himself, which is ideal.
He yanks the door open forcefully, and then freezes at the sight before him.
He wonders what John is doing right now. He knows he shouldn't think about it, but he cannot help himself. He wonders if he's sitting around the table, making small talk with his girlfriend's parents, presenting himself as the perfect boyfriend that Sherlock knows John must be. He wonders what John's girlfriend's parents think about John. Do they consider him a lovely young man, just like Sherlock's own mother does? Are they pleased that their daughter has decided to date someone so perfect?
You can if you are intelligent enough.
Sherlock writes,
His face is tender, but not enough to justify the way that he can still feel the imprint of John's hands on his skin, even once John stands up and steps away.
"I do not recall you telling me to go away, either," Mycroft replies.
When they reach the front door, Sherlock turns to face John, who is smiling brightly. John says, "Thank your mum again for me. It was really nice of her to let me stay."
In the end, Sherlock settles on a quiet, "That's not what people usually say."
They get in a routine of taking lunch together. At first, it is only on the days that their chemistry class is immediately before their lunch break, but as time goes on, it becomes more frequent. It's easy for Sherlock to memorise John's schedule, to know where his classes finish and where he is likely to take lunch on any one day. Sometimes, Sherlock runs into him by chance, because the school is not huge and people tend to stick to the same few areas at lunch time. Sometimes, Sherlock goes to a certain location where he thinks John might be on purpose. After a month or so has passed, it becomes the norm for them to find one another after class.
Although they are apart, they do not fall apart. The benefit of living in today's day and age is that friendships are not limited by distance. They text and they email, and it's not the same as sitting together at lunch or passing notes beneath the desk, but it's better than nothing. Plus, two hours isn't really that far, and John has the option to come home from time to time on weekends.
Sherlock nods his head in acknowledgement, although he's certainly not diligent enough with his health and wellbeing to actually do as John says. He's barely even heard it, because certain other senses seem to have overridden his sense of hearing.
More accurately, Sherlock does the experiment and John sits and occasionally passes Sherlock things and once or twice puts out a minor fire.
Well it should. You have to go.
He would have thought that by now the dreams would have stopped – or, at least, that he would have stopped feeling the way he feels when he wakes up.
Our professor was an idiot.
Everything is dull in your mind.
"Only applies to innocent people," John says calmly, and Sherlock has absolutely no idea how serious John is being.
John tries, of course – he follows up with an "Are you okay?" text the next morning, a "Talk to me" a few days later and finally a "Text me back you moron, you're starting to worry me" the next week. Sherlock doesn't text back, because Sherlock does not want to have this conversation. He did not want to have that conversation in the first place. He did not mean to say the things he said, and he does not want to deal with the consequences.
No. Not anyone.
"I don't think it's because he likes me as much as it's because I don't treat him like you do," John replies without hesitation. "I don't know, maybe if you tried treating him a bit better, you'd both get along."
I'm convinced that you think you're above feelings and you would intentionally try to ignore any romantic feelings you experienced. Which you shouldn't do, because it's nice to be with someone and it's a shame if you miss out on that because you're scared of the way you feel.
Their time together is not limited to their shared chemistry class.
(Sherlock
Sherlock has tried to look at girls, to see what John sees when John looks at them. When he thinks about it, Sherlock can acknowledge that some girls are aesthetically pleasing. He knows that there are certain features that are generally accepted to be attractive; he can acknowledge that there is something pleasing about the symmetry of a girl's face or the smoothness of her skin. However, this is as far as his acknowledgement goes. He can acknowledge when John might find a girl attractive, but Sherlock is not attracted to them himself. How pretty a girl is does not even catch Sherlock eyes automatically. When Sherlock meets someone – girls, boys, anyone – he immediately collects data to make deductions, based off the way they dress or the way they hold themselves. How pretty they are does not give Sherlock any data to work with.
It's certainly not for lack of effort. It feels like they have done nothing but work on this project for the last few weeks – lunch times, after school, and, of course, the allocated in-class time. However, the project design they chose is not an easy one. Neither of them ever believed it to be. Even with all the time they have spent on it, there is still more to go.
"No," Sherlock says quickly. "Of course not. I'm merely pointing out that if I gave you the wrong impressions the last time we talked, and made you think I was..." He doesn't know how to end that sentence. Sad? Lonely?
Sherlock has spent most of his life alone, but the months that follow John's graduation are the first time Sherlock has ever felt lonely.
Sherlock chooses not to point out that his professor is completely missing the point.
Mycroft gives him a sceptical look, and Sherlock immediately wants to make another argument. It's true, he wants to say. He did try to convince his professor to let him work alone at first. He would not have partnered with John if he had had another option. He's only John's partner because his professor enforced it.
Highly unlikely.
Sherlock curled himself up tighter, wishing he could sink into the bed. "I thought he loved her," he murmured. That was what parents did, wasn't it? Love each other?
“Who are you?”
John finds the medicine in the cabinet behind the mirror.
John hears a scoff from behind him and smiles.
“Will do!” he calls back.
He groans. “
After walking for a few minutes, John feels someone tapping him on the shoulder. He turns.
"I'm here", Sherlock says, his voice much louder than John expects within his fantasy.
And as he turns, he can almost make himself believe that the sun glare at their backs looks like wings.
He watches the red pool out in front of him, and he's surprised it doesn't hurt. There’s only that pressure, and an achy feeling radiating out from his shoulder, down his arm, and across his back.
The dryer beeps, John collects Sherlock’s clothes, and enters the mysterious car once more.
He could also tell you it was in Chapter 14: Traumatic Brain Injury Signs, Symptoms, and Treatments. Page 374.
Soft footsteps echo down the hall, drawing nearer. John doesn't give the time to particularly care that strangers are coming and going, seeing him in a state of distress. New families walk by with their children. Their children who survived. Their wives who survived.
The pleasant tapping of his shoes against the old tile floor, the consistency of it, calms Sherlock’s frayed nerves. He focuses on his breathing, his steps, lines them together. Inhale,
"Please," John chokes out, his next words coming out in barely a whisper, "I just really need to have you here right now."
runs the blade over the skin, startlingly aware of how close he his to Sherlock’s lip and how he could easily cut the thin skin.
Sherlock just turns to stare at him.
“I love you, Sherlock.”
The tall, skinny man is on his front with the duvet rucked up around his waist, his mottled and scarred back exposed. The shorter, broader man is on his back his arms above his head, his chest moving up and down evenly.
no one else. I know it may seem shocking, but you need to
“Sherlock!” John steps up to the bed and shakes Sherlock’s shoulders. “Sherlock!”
“I’m coming, I’m coming right now. Stay where you are, I’ll get you.” John makes an illegal U-turn, turning his car around and towards the ballet studio.
"Sherlock?" John knocks on the door. "Are you in there?"
The way Sherlock so completely depends on John just to get to his feet scares him.
He has just finished rugby practice and is looking forward to collapsing into his bed for twelve hours of blissful, uninterrupted sleep.
“Would you like Sherlock to come with you?” she asks.
They gaze at each other, barely enough air between them for breath. Sherlock’s face and bare chest are a pleasant rosy pink, his hair already a mess from John’s fingers running through it in the cab. His eyes are crystal clear, his pupils blown so wide the brilliant blue is almost invisible. John suspects he looks similar.
John can see the dark smudges under Sherlock’s own eyes, proof that he, too, is succumbing to his body’s needs. He glances over to Lestrade and sees him in a similar state. John can only imagine what he himself looks like.
He closes his eyes and pushes the door open.
“Nnnnnngg.” The man seems to only be able to speak in monosyllables, now, apparently trusting John enough now to not intentionally harm him.
John goes to class. He works. He studies.
“I think it’s pretty.”
“Harry? Is everything okay?” He sits up proper, unable to lay down for this.
John’s lock screen is only visible for a brief moment before a second call, unknown, phones him again.
and...messing about...with…”
The sky is dark and cloudy by the time they’re done.
Sherlock whispers, “I forgive you.”
“You should have been back twenty-five minutes ago.”
John turns the knob to the bathroom door and pushes it open. “If you feel light-headed
He hasn’t been out of the bedsit such a long stretch of time since he brought Sherlock home.
Sherlock’s senses are a mess. He’ll demand a certain food and then not eat it because it “doesn’t taste how it should,” which often ends with him stealing John’s food. He had demanded John purchase a new shampoo because he didn’t like the smell of it, claiming it was “too bright.”
“Oh, Sherlock…”
“I’ll see you tonight!” Sherlock can’t help but laugh at the ridiculousness that is his husband.
“You didn’t put on moisturizer.” Sherlock looks straight into John’s eyes.
“But don’t-”
Sherlock stops, suddenly becoming aware of exactly where he is standing and why. He doesn’t have the energy to come up with an excuse, so he doesn’t deny it.
A pause. The fingers stop their path across Sherlock’s skin.
Sherlock's skin is surprisingly warm under his fingertips, and John might have massaged the foam into his skin for longer than strictly necessary.
It’s like a searing hot poker is forcing its way through his muscles and bone and nerves. He can feel each shrapnel of bone in his shoulder, shredding the muscle fibers and spilling his blood out onto the sand.
“Your clothes are kind of in the way.”
“Looks like all of them.”
A familiar voice uttering Sherlock’s name permeates his thoughts, but he dismisses it as a fantasy. Sherlock hasn’t heard that voice in ages, and it’s not the first time he’s heard John’s voice when he isn’t there.
Sherlock smiles a small smile. “I am twenty-two.”
, Henry Matisse’s
“Leave your clothes outside the door.”
It’s not sexual. Just intimate. John takes stock of his own body and is pleasantly surprised to find that he’s not aroused, although his skin tingles with warmth and affection.
Harry startles up to help, but John snaps, “I’m fine!”
John had just plopped down on the couch, passing by Sherlock who was smoking a cigarette out an open window. John doesn’t have any cigarettes in the bedsit, so Sherlock must’ve left to purchase them.
"Sherlock?"
John stays awake long enough to hear Sherlock pad down the hall and the sound of a door snicking open and closed, but the call of sleep is too hard to resist, and he easily falls back into slumber before Sherlock returns.
John takes note of the shaking, his eyes following Sherlock’s movement and seeing his fingers clutch into the fabric. John pulls his bottom lip with his teeth.
The silence is even more tense than before. John stares at his plate and refuses to look in Sherlock’s direction lest another stupid comment spills from his mouth.
John moves through the corridors with practised ease, no doubt looking like a zombie to anyone who cares to look. But, this late into the night, everyone is disgruntled and irritable, not caring how they or anyone else looks.
John's been back for over a month before he’s invited out by some of his old rugby friends.
He can feel Sherlock’s smile underneath his mouth, Sherlock’s joy seeping into him, calming him and filling him with affection. “I love you.” John pulls back to gaze into Sherlock’s eyes. “But if you had just wanted to go on a date you could have just asked.”
“Sorry, didn’t hear you.”
John drops to his knees and places his hand on Sherlock’s trembling shoulder.
Sherlock places his hand against John's back, softly, unsure if his touch is welcome.
“Well.” John’s voice is unnaturally high in embarrassment. “I plan on joining the army, that’s all. To pay for my schooling.”
“Yes, I can,” Sherlock sighs, letting his head fall back onto the pillow. “That stain, there,” he gestures vaguely with his hand to a stain on the hem of John’s white polo. “It’s coffee, going by the strength of it, black. I know you received that stain at the end of your shift because the surrounding area is still damp from where you tried to clean it with water when you got off the clock—no other time to try and clean it, a lunch break too short and you’re too busy during your shift. Going by the freshness of the stain, I can deduce that you got it between two and two-and-a-half hours ago, which means you got off work during that time. It wouldn’t have taken you that long to get from your work to here, even including you using the longest setting available at the laundromat that’s on the way here. Hence, you’re late.”
John returns to the kitchen and opens the under-sink cabinet. He reaches towards his medical kit in the very back, knocking over various boxes and bottles as he pulls it free.
His fingers sneak under the bunched up sleeve to Sherlock’s chest, kneading with his fingers, his other hand awkwardly positioned between Sherlock’s bony shoulder and the mattress.
“Here you go,” John says as he hands Sherlock the miso soup and crackers. Their fingers inevitably brush in the exchange, a familiar sparking sensation tingling his fingers. “You can take the nausea pills with or without food but it would be easier on your stomach if you had them now.” He picks up the packet that had fallen to the couch when he dived for the bin, and frees one from its casing.
After what feels like an eternity where John chews his nails down, paces a groove into the carpet, and worries too much to eat anything, the sound of running water stops.
The night is quiet save for their footsteps and the
John wants to put his hands on Sherlock’s shoulders and lean down, to press his lips against his. He can feel himself sway toward Sherlock when-
Sherlock scoffs. “You wouldn’t understand.”
John looks up, his eyes wide. Even though Mrs. Hudson acts as more of a mother towards her employees than the owner/manager of the café, John was momentarily crippled with fear when he realised she had seen what he’d done. “No, I guess not,” he laughs in relief.
“When one is avoiding the attention of Sherlock Holmes one learns to be discreet, hence this place,” the man starts. “Sit down.”
The car waits out front, parked until John needs to be taken home.
He lightens his hold, taking his hand away from the matted hair and pins down the man’s free arm that’s lying limp next to him. He takes his weight of the man’s back, choosing to hover over with his knees on each side of his hips.
John looks up to see Sherlock coming into the den wrapped in John’s duvet. His eyes are red and his hair is mussed. He’s never gotten up before John before.
The man stops his excursion of the place just short of the door, awkwardly leaning against the wall like he doesn't know what to do with himself.
"Let's go home," Sherlock says.
Sherlock stares, his eyes gleaming with new tears.
He sees Sherlock lounging on the sofa, his head on a pillow, a glass of water and half-empty sleeve of crackers on the stool.
John consistently shouts himself awake, and he always finds himself more tired than before.
John receives no response, but he can't bring himself to hang up, to lower the phone, sever the connection.
The universe is made up of only them, and this bed, and nothing more.
“Can I see your arms?” John asks.
John can hear the cars driving by and his neighbors’ murmurs through the walls.
, please just sit down, I don’t want you falling and hitting your head again.”
“Did you take it?”
Sherlock stays quiet, and John doesn't talk.
“I love you.”
Opting for a longer wash—who knows the last time these clothes were properly cleaned—John settles into one of the chairs in the seating area. He leans his head against the wall behind him and closes his eyes, wishing he had thought to bring some homework assignments or at least a book to keep him occupied.
“So…,” John tries as he washes his hands in the sink. “What's your name?”
He's tired.
John stands and moves to the dresser, quickly and surely changing out of his clothes and into his pajamas before slipping under the sheets.
The heat under his hands calms his nerves, relishing being able to provide Sherlock comfort and relief in this way.
Sherlock trembles once, the first in minutes.
“You need to keep your eyes open.”
“Sure,” John scoffs.
Continuing to push deeper into his lover- once, twice, thrice- John follows soon after.
Which led to their most recent argument, Sherlock becoming fed up with John’s lack of communication, kicking him out for the next hour or so.
“You’re welcome,” John says, smiling softer than usual. He doesn’t resist the urge to tousle Sherlock’s already mussed up curls before placing a kiss there, staying for perhaps a bit longer than necessary.
The heart monitor’s beeps increase slightly, and Sherlock wills his heart to stop palpitating.
John lifts his head at the voice.
“I love you.” Sherlock’s voice wavers with fear.
His hands take a final rest at Sherlock’s waist, fingertips still gently stroking, desperate to keep contact.
Everything goes black.
The sheer depth of the man’s voice is startling. It sounds much lower than what John heard last night, no doubt pitched higher in fear then. John almost forgets to answer.
“Text him, Sherlock, I’m sure he won’t mind,” Mrs. Hudson says. She worries. It’s not a pleasant sight to see the usually energetic and enigmatic man this lethargic and still. “You know he would rather be here than at that medical conference, you have no reason to worry.”
“Have a seat, John.”
He places a feather-light kiss to each of Sherlock’s eyelids, and a lingering kiss to his lips. John then tugs his hands free, Sherlock reluctantly letting him go.
John kneels in front of Sherlock. “Sherlock?”
Sherlock glares at him for a moment, not at all effectively with his hair the way it is and the faint blush painting his cheeks, and turns back to the bedroom.
“Excuse me, my good fellow.”
John doesn't respond, too weak and surprised to speak.
John watches as the junkie wobbles forward a few more feet, following closely behind. He digs around in his pockets for his keys, keeping a careful eye on the man in front of him.
Sherlock smiles.
Mike has the marvelous idea of moving in together.
Swooping down with kisses, John worships Sherlock. Underneath his jaw, the top of his nose, the corner of his mouth, down the long column of his neck and across his chest. Words of praise and love whispered with care between each.
They stay like that for a long few minutes, John gripping back just as tightly and running his other hand over Sherlock’s sweaty hair, not able to restrain himself from resting his lips on Sherlock’s forehead
Icy eyes streaked with green and gold hold John’s gaze, looking desperate yet determined. The moment lasts for hours, it lasts for seconds.
John sighs, leaning against the counter, and closes his eyes.
There’s a pause, and Sherlock can only assume that John is jerking his head in a short nod. Greg lets out a breath.
Before rummaging around in the kitchen, John takes the plastic bag from the bin and ties the handles together, effectively sealing off the sick, and places it in the larger bin in the kitchen.
He smiles. “Thank you.”
His words are slurred and his eyes drop closed, his brow furrowing in pain. His hands shaking as they move to grasp at his head once more.
John opens the door, finding the door unlocked and the room empty.
“Because you are not a wealthy man. Medical school students rarely are.”
If only John would come back so he could curl back up against him and revel in each other.
It shouldn't a challenge. Mobile in hand. Dial number. Speak.
"You have a fever." John gets up and rummages around through his med kit for a thermometer before returning to Sherlock’s side. “Open up.”
The junkie stumbles, nearly falling flat on his arse again. “Don’t--!”
“Sorry, sorry…”
That Sherlock must have finally caved.
John scoffs. “You’re lucky it was me and not some scum who would’ve left you out there on the streets all bloody.”
The sounds breaks John’s heart.
“No.”
“It’s too late for us to be sleeping in anyway, its nine o'clock,” John says as he sits up.
“There are things that I just can’t understand. I have tried, and I have been belittled in my attempts. You always tell me to stop being such a machine, and when I do
“Then what
After John’s internal conflict (another round or make Sherlock do something?), John seems to come to a decision. He strides over to where Sherlock is laying- who has been turning his body to follow John’s movements across the room, landing him on the back.
“Oh my god, am I going to get arrested?”
“What for?”
John agrees, and he moves out within the week.
John’s head hurts.
Sherlock beams at him. “But where would be the fun in that?”
This one, too, turns away.
John massages the muscles with deep circles and broad stroked, naming them as he goes.
Pushing the door open fully, he finds Sherlock sitting on the floor leaning against the tub, his arms wrapped tightly around himself, holding closed the dressing gown. His wet hair drips onto his face and neck, dampening the neckline of the gown.
make Sherlock doubt John’s love and devotion?
John rubs the man’s back as he waits for him to finish vomiting. It’s mostly bile, pale yellow and acrid smelling. The man spits one final time and John asks, “We good?”
“You okay?” Sherlock asks in a low voice while Ella finds the notes she keeps for John’s appointments.
In the end, Sherlock doesn’t eat it.
Suddenly aware that John has been standing there like an idiot for who knows how long, John clears his throat in embarrassment and pushes open the door with his shoulder.
"Thank you for coming when I called," John eventually mutters into Sherlock's neck.
He bends back Sherlock’s index finger until he meets the slightest resistance, stretching the tendons, then releasing it. He repeats the process with the others, noting how the tremors haven’t eased.
“If you had more food in your stomach maybe you wouldn’t be so nauseous.” John pulls his hands away, unable to go any further with the sleeve impeding his path.
“And do you know why I know nothing is going to tear us apart?”
“Thank you,” Sherlock whispers.
Suddenly becoming aware of an uncomfortable stickiness between his legs, gluing his thighs together, does John realise.
John looks up at the tall man before him, all cheekbones and coat and unruly dark curls.
After a few long moments, John gentles his movements and sips at Sherlock’s lips before barely pulling away, one hand on Sherlock’s chest and the other cupping his jaw.
In answer, Sherlock jerks his hips upwards, demanding attention. John ravishes him.
“No.”
“Love you, too.”
John thinks for a moment. “Sunday. January 8th.”
They meet at a pub, the same kind they would always frequent after their games.
After a few moments of silence John thinks that he has fallen back asleep, but then he says, “Sherlock.”
When John eventually pulls away, Sherlock’s eyes flutter open.
, physically, if not emotionally, was so abhorrent that he ran away?
“Nonsense, Angel,” says the other man, and he gets a smile and a touch on the hand in reply.
As John looks on, the camera starts to turn, facing away from him.
Pure and unconditional love.
Sherlock’s arms shake as he reaches up and accepts the clothing, weaker than a kitten.
“Hmph.”
that he knows his feelings. You are not letting him be the judge of his own emotions. You aren’t trusting him. And if you truly love him, you need that trust.”
"Are you alright?"
"...Can I stay at Baker Street tonight?"
Sherlock’s other hand slides up John’s back, leaving a trail of tingling heat, and into his hair. John shivers.
John makes a choking sound, and it does a funny thing to Sherlock’s chest. “I don’t know what to do,” he says again.
“I know I don’t!” John rushes to say. “You can leave anytime you want to, I just want to make sure you’re okay.”
Cambridge's chemistry department is ranked the best in England.
Maybe Sherlock should have kept his mouth shut.
"That does not mean you should not have taken it."
Sherlock studies John's face for a moment, and he knows from John's expression that John is not likely to change his mind. Even though Sherlock has insisted that he is happy to finish the project, John will not let Sherlock work alone. And, Sherlock thinks, maybe it is better if they finish it together anyway.
I know it's fine.
Sherlock tips his head in response, and then leads the way to the door.
Sherlock hesitates, and then he sits. He still doesn't meet John's eyes. He doesn't want to see the discomfort on his face.
It makes it worse still when his mother brings John up in conversation over Christmas lunch.
They have no such luck. When Sherlock pushes open the door, he finds his mother is already home, curled up on the sofa with pages of her paper spread out in front of her.
"I didn't ask for your advice, Mycroft."
He walks home, hyper-aware of the pain in his face and not so aware of where it is that he is actually going. He hasn't realised that he has taken the route to John's house instead of his own home until he finds himself standing on John's doorstep.
Sherlock opens his mouth to respond, but the best he can do is, "Oh." It's possibly the least intelligent thing he's ever had to say.
The boy's expression softens a little. "He's an arse, you know," he says.
Maybe.
Sherlock is aware that this is the kind of deduction that is more likely to get him hurt. He expects John to tell him as much, to say something along the lines of, 'Well, that would be why he hit you, then.'
Sherlock's chest suddenly feels lighter.
Or any guy you wanted, for that matter.
"They might stay together? Even though they are not in love?"
Then he turns and heads out the door before the boy can respond.
The words seem to tumble out of Sherlock's mouth before he can stop himself. It's only when the last word leaves his lips that he really hears what he has just said. He does this sometimes – speaks without a filter. It is one of the many reasons why Sherlock has never had any friends.
Are you kidding? This is you were talking about. As if you could stand going to a less-prestigious university and being around "idiots".
I miss you too.
"Surprise," he says. "Not telling you was kind of the point."
Afterwards, Sherlock shut himself up in his room, sitting on his bed with his back against the wall. He made no effort to move, even when the light from outside faded and left it too dark to see.
"No harm in thanking her again," John replies. "I'll see you at school tomorrow?"
"Obviously, I got punched. Multiple times."
Sherlock lifts his book up higher to block his view of Mycroft again, and says nothing.
"Sherlock, love, would you mind –" she starts, and then she looks up and realises that they have company. There's a flicker of surprise, but it very quickly melts into a smile. "I didn't know you were bringing a friend home. Who's this?"
Sherlock finishes the last mouthful of his dinner and excuses himself so that he doesn't have to hear any more of this.
It's a few moments later when John finishes cleaning Sherlock's face, and he puts the washcloth down into the bowl. "Well," he says. "You're slightly less likely to give your mother a heart attack now. Slightly." A beat, and he adds, "Your eye will hurt for a while. The only thing I can recommend is icing it to help the swelling go down."
He raises his fist to knock, and then hesitates, and lowers it again. Maybe it is better that John does not see him like this. Plus, John does not live alone, and the last thing Sherlock wants is for someone like John's sister or John's father to open the door instead.
Exactly. Your formal is coming up.
They were controlled explosions, they don't count.
To his surprise, his mother meets his suggestion with no argument whatsoever. If anything, she seems thrilled with the idea.
"And if you find it too challenging?"
That's not what I said.
I beg to differ.
It is! It's FORMAL.
"All right," Sherlock says at last. "You can come back to my house. I'm sure you'd be welcome to stay the night if need be – my mother adores you."
You and I have very different definitions of interesting.
His dissatisfaction must show on his face, because John continues, "No? Okay, um, we could try..."
Fine, fine, spoilsport.
Immediately, Sherlock thinks,
"Well, at least you don't call people freaks behind their backs. Look, why don't we just give it a try? I promise I'm not a terrible partner." When Sherlock does not respond, the boy continues, "And you know your options are limited. You have to work with someone, even if you don't want to."
"You didn't tell me you were coming home," Sherlock says, which sounds like a terribly stupid thing to say once it's out of his mouth. It just makes John grin.
"Still," John says. "I'm not going to be able to get any sleep knowing you're up finishing the project anyway. I don't mind pulling an all-nighter every now and again if I need to."
, then I suggest you leave."
"You're an open book one moment and a complex puzzle the next," Sherlock says. "I never realised."
Sherlock is pleased with how steady his voice sounds.
Most people are.
Sherlock considers pressing the topic, but it turns out, it's not necessary. John grabs the remote next to him and mutes the television, before turning so he is facing Sherlock.
Mycroft replies with a faux-innocent look. "Nothing, Sherlock," he says. "I merely thought that you of all people would have been resourceful enough to find a way around your professor's request. Or, I would have expected you to agree on paper but still work by yourself, rather than inviting your partner over for 'study sessions'. That is, presuming you really did want to work alone."
A moment ago you were convinced I was above feelings, now you're convinced that there is someone I secretly want to ask to formal.
And then there's a knock.
Sherlock sticks to his word. Come lunch time, he makes his way to the library, just as planned. The boy is already there when Sherlock arrives, sitting at one of the tables. He raises his hand in greeting, to get Sherlock's attention, and Sherlock heads straight over to him. He slides into the seat across from the boy, without returning the boy's smile.
Given the fact that we live in a day and age that gives us access to mobile phones and the internet, if I did miss anyone – which is highly unlikely – I would be able to get in touch with them later. I do not need to go to formal to say goodbye.
His head feels like it's spinning. In his mind, he's having a conversation with John – albeit a disjointed one.
And yet, Mycroft's sceptical look makes Sherlock want to squirm, because Mycroft is the one person whose intelligence might actually exceed Sherlock's, and if Mycroft is ever sceptical about something, it's usually for good reason. If Mycroft ever does not believe what Sherlock has said, it is usually because whatever it is that Sherlock has said is not true.
And with that, John turns, taking quick strides away from Sally before she has the chance to reply. Sally stares at Sherlock for a moment, before letting out a disgruntled sigh and storming away herself.
I think it is. I'm going to bed.
It sounds unbelievably childish coming from his own lips. It's probably one of the least intelligent things he has ever said in his life, and yet he feels the need to say it all the same.
Then John starts dating.
Sherlock goes from dreading Christmas to looking forward to it.
Sherlock exaggerates turning even further so he's completely facing the other way.
Molly Hooper from biology pulls him aside after class one day, and Sherlock knows what she is going to say before she has opened her mouth. It's obvious in her body language, in the redness in her cheeks and the way she fiddles with her hair, twirling it around her finger.
With the way John's fingers are positioned, if John really paid attention, he could probably feel Sherlock's pulse point. He wonders if John has noticed the way that Sherlock's heart rate picked up the moment John touched him.
It starts in a chemistry class.
John shifts, and then he reaches out and covers Sherlock's hand with his own. Immediately, all of Sherlock's attention is diverted to the touch. It's innocent, gentle. It's hardly anything new – John has touched his wrist before to get his attention – but this feels like something else entirely. It shouldn't be right for such an innocent touch to feel so intimate.
Sherlock cannot make out the emotions in John's voice, but he can imagine what they must be. Discomfort. Disgust. John is kind, and good, and won't openly confess to feeling this way, but this will ruin them all the same. John won't consciously decide to stop being Sherlock's friend because Sherlock desires more, but he will pull away unconsciously. Perhaps he'll even feel guilty for not feeling the same way. Texts will become more infrequent, conversations will become more impersonal. Maybe John will be excessively wary of hurting Sherlock's feelings, and will stop saying some of the things they would talk about now. They will drift apart. This will end.
Sherlock lets out a soft hum of agreement, and they fall silent.
Sherlock says nothing, and after a moment, Mycroft walks away, and Sherlock is alone.
"I do not require sympathy," Sherlock states.
You text me at almost every available opportunity, and you spend entire weekends with me whenever I come back home.
Of course, it's not like it completely comes between them. They still see each other almost every day, and John's love life isn't going to stop that.
Is it something to do with tonight, with being here by Sherlock's side?
"Didn't you?"
"Sherlock," Mycroft says in a slightly exasperated tone of voice. "Only children believe that someone cannot see you if you cannot see them."
He reaches up and touches his own eye to examine the bruising, and he winces as he discovers how tender the skin is there. Immediately, John bats his hand away.
He closes his mouth, blinks, and then forces himself to restart. "So, in fact," he says slowly after a pause, "I'm your – that is to say, you like me? Specifically in the... not-friend sort of way?"
If John just looked distracted, Sherlock would assume that maybe this movie is one he has seen so many times that he is bored of it. However, that would not explain the tension that is visible in John's neck and shoulders. Is John stressed about something? Is he uncomfortable? There are certainly tense scenes in the movie, but nothing that really warrants this kind of reaction. It must be something unrelated to the movie, something that is occurring in John's life. Is it due to uni, to upcoming exams and assessments? Is it something to do with John's relationships? John hasn't mentioned a girlfriend recently – unless he did and Sherlock chose to tune him out, which isn't all that unlikely.
"No," he says. "No, I'm fine, I'm awake."
Sherlock reaches out and grasps it firmly. "Sherlock," he introduces.
It brings them closer together, in a sense. The mark at the top of the paper, circled in red, tells them what they already believed to be the case – they make a great team. The mark is proof that they work well together, which makes them want to continue to work together (even when it's not mandatory – which is saying a lot given that Sherlock has never
"It really bothers you," Sherlock says.
Aren't you supposed to be paying attention in class, then?
The emoticon was unnecessary.
When the Christmas break approaches, Sherlock's mother starts planning a Christmas party.
"What people think of me."
would also work a lot better with someone other than those people." He pauses, and then adds, "I don't have any close friends in our class, so I need to find a partner as well, and you sound like a nicer partner than a lot of the people in our class."
Sherlock steps aside to let John in.
Sherlock's parents are often out late with work, and Mycroft no longer lives at home. Often – but not always – Sherlock is by himself after school for a couple of hours. Sherlock finds, as they make their way to his house, that he is hoping this will be the case today, so that he and John have the house to themselves while they work on their project.
Come on, Sherlock. It's the last time you're going to see all your classmates.
"But why would you care?" Sherlock asks, genuinely confused. "She wasn't talking about you."
They're practically joined at the hip – where you find one, you know the other is not far away. Sometimes other students will ask Sherlock where to find John – often they will refer to John as Sherlock's "better half". Sherlock does not mind it. Sherlock does not mind any of it. He has never felt this close to anyone before. It feels like nothing could come between them.
No, seriously.
John – completely unsurprisingly – shakes his head. "No, I wouldn't want to pin that on you and leave you without help," he says.
Sherlock doesn't respond.
"You volunteered to be my partner immediately after one of our classmates expressed displeasure at the idea of partnering at me," Sherlock explains. "I assure you, I do not need you to partner with me because the comment in question made you feel sorry for me. I do not need your pity."
John writes,
John abandons his seat at the front of the class, in favour of sitting next to Sherlock instead. He's still just as attentive and as studious as he was when he was sitting at the front, still taking notes about whatever their professor says, but in between writing those notes he can now get away with writing notes to Sherlock in the margins of his page.
Obviously. Tell me university is at least marginally more intellectually stimulating than school.
He wonders if John is holding his girlfriend's hand under the table, or resting his hand on her knee. He wonders if they're kissing whenever they're out of her parent's line of sight. He wonders if they're sharing a room, if John holds her while they fall asleep.
John reads the number on Sherlock's page, and then he looks up at Sherlock with a visibly surprised look on his face. It makes Sherlock hide a smile.
After a moment, John says, "I stand by what I said when we were texting."
doesn't disobey John's instructions, simply because his eye is far too bruised for his poking and prodding to make it any worse.)
Mycroft's words stick in his mind. It's the one lesson from his brother that Sherlock never forgets. He can hear Mycroft's thoughts whenever he even considers getting close to anyone.
They receive the marks for their project a few days later.
It only lasts for a couple of seconds, and then John is pulling away, and Sherlock realises that in those couple of seconds he had not responded. He had frozen at the contact, cataloguing the sensations but not returning it. He corrects that immediately by leaning forward and capturing John's lips again before John moves too far away, and this kiss is far better, because now Sherlock is actively participating. He doesn't know what he's doing, and the kiss is awkward and clumsy, and also the best thing Sherlock has ever felt in his life.
"If you've got nothing more creative to say than
Again with the capital letters. It doesn't change the definition of the word, nor my decision on the matter.
I'm sure that would be an excellent incentive if I actually got on with any of my classmates. However, I do not, and I cannot say that there is anyone currently at the school that I will miss after graduation.
I acknowledge that. That being said, there are certain classes that would have a more prevalent practical component to balance it out.
"Come inside," John says after a moment. "Let's get you cleaned up."
It's definitely more intellectually stimulating. You might even find some of the things that I'm learning challenging. Chem isn't quite as exciting without you blowing things up next to me, though.
"You're acting as though I need cheering up," Sherlock says. When John looks up at him questioningly, he continues, "It's hardly as though I'm here as some clichéd, heartbroken teenager who didn't get a date to formal. I'm not at formal out of my own choice, and I was not disappointed to be home by myself. This is hardly necessary."
Sherlock knows that he should keep his mouth shut, because anything he says will further this conversation, and he really, really wants it to stop, but he finds he can't help himself. "He's not with his family," he says tightly. "He's with his girlfriend."
John, however, has a different view. He cuts off his words mid-sentence and whirls around on Sally. "I think you're supposed to apologise when you run into someone, not insult them," he says.
"I don't know what she thinks gives her the right to talk to you like that," John says, shoving open the door at the end of the hall with his shoulder. "I mean, how dare she treat you like that?"
Of course you would.
Sherlock is careful with every move he makes, because he does not want to make too much noise and accidentally wake John.
It starts as Sherlock predicted it would, with his mother chatting away as though she has to make up for the silence coming from both Sherlock and Sherlock's father. She asks about John, about his interests, his studies, his plans for the future. She praises him when he speaks of his plans to become a doctor, and Sherlock can see the path that this conversation could take. His mind is already racing ahead; he can already hear his mother saying something about how she wishes that Sherlock would do something so important with his life, and then Sherlock will be the focus of conversation and everything Sherlock does not want to hear tonight will be said.
You're a real charmer, you know that?
With John's dedication and John's grades, it's no surprise that he gets the scholarship he's been working towards from the start. He gets into Cambridge, which is exactly where John wanted to go. Sherlock is glad that John is happy, but it puts John a couple hours away from Sherlock's home.
Sherlock frowns, because this certainly does not seem to be the case. There is a problem, there has to be a problem. Why else would John be behaving like this?
And again.
When John returns, he brings with him a first-aid kit, along with a bowl of warm water and a wash cloth. He sits on the sofa facing Sherlock, with one leg folded up underneath him and the other bent so that his foot reaches the floor. He has to sit close to Sherlock so that he can reach him. Sherlock tries not to think about John's knee against his, warm even through layers of clothing.
You'd do really well in a chem degree. And you'd enjoy it a lot more than school. So much of it is self-directed, you'd get the chance to make your own experiments all the time.
In his head, he can hear his brother's voice. He can hear his brother tell him not to get attached, because caring for someone means putting oneself at risk.
"It's not obvious to me," John says. "That's amazing."
Instead, Sherlock takes a spare blanket from the top of his wardrobe and carefully drapes it over John's body, before taking a seat at his desk. He had had no intentions of going to sleep anyway, not when he has to be awake in a few hours. John will make better use of the bed than Sherlock would have. Instead, Sherlock passes his time by jumping through various internet articles, following links to different pages and eventually ending up on entirely new topics, passing the time by reading about crimes and chemicals and anything else that catches his eye.
Sherlock feels something warm blossom in his chest.
"I pointed out to one of our classmates that his girlfriend had been keeping her distance from him intentionally in the hopes that he would soon fall out of whatever feeling he has for her and break up with her. She quite clearly did not love him anymore but did not want to break up with him out of fear for the way that he might react."
Is that true?
Maybe I don't plan on going to university at all.
Before he has the chance to develop such an argument, however, another voice says, "I'll work with you, if you want."
Sherlock had not been looking forward to Christmas in the first place, when his mother had first brought up the idea, but somehow, the knowledge that John could have been with him but will not be makes it even more unbearable.
To Sherlock's surprise, none of his fears about the conversation come to light.
It's not enough, it's not the same, but it will do.
Sometimes, Sherlock dreams.
"I'll finish it," Sherlock says when they step out of the library, once the librarian finally insists that they leave. "I don't need to sleep."
This much is made clear one day at lunch. They wander side-by-side through the hall, engrossed in conversation. Although Sherlock's attention is primarily on John and what they are talking about, Sherlock is always aware of his surroundings at least to some extent. It does not escape his notice that Sally Donovan, walking in the opposite direction to them, changes directions just enough so that she can shove Sherlock's shoulder as she walks past.
"Fuck! Sherlock, you're fucking goddamn gorgeous. You're
"Only the best for you, darling," the captain coos. "And kudos for finally acknowledging my godlike sex skills.
Well, he's here for a reason, might as well figure out why. Bowing his head - why risk a Mind Palace eyeball, Sherlock waits until the end of the commotion.
The genius's nose crinkles at the bridge, carving a furrow parallel to his mouth deep.
How to explain? I'm miserably sick, extremely exhausted, lonely, bored, banned from working for another week (at least), and seriously freaking annoyed.
arches.
It's like this: Sherlock's moans are a dynamic force. Each plaintive sob generating energy, a high-voltage charge coursing through John's veins. Sparks ignite - electric blue flashing in his eyes. Lightening bolts fly, exciting the nerves in his penis. The little man's bollocks tighten up and lift, threatening to open fire in his pants.
He blinks. John is
you. If you're wrong," John warns, "punishment will be the loss of stimulation." Sherlock whimpers. "Ah, lad. But, if you succeed and deduce my next move correctly, I'll follow through, and give you everything you need and desire."
Yay, more chess terms. It's amazing how a perfectly innocent set of terms can be twisted into something so dirty.
Sherlock rallies, "And your contention signifies what threat? Halved rations? Twenty lashes on the brig?" His attempted sneer irritates his sinuses. He fends off a sneeze.
Sherlock's smile so is so malevolent he'd pull rank over Jack the Ripper. The genius's chest heaves, the effort of breathing all-consuming. Slowly, carefully, calculatingly, Sherlock tamps down his ire.
John's small hand strikes out, cupping around the detective's long neck. Sherlock can't breath. Hell, he can't even swallow, a massive swell of fear clogging his throat. "Listen, you over-tall toddler. I'm tired of your whingeing, and frankly ridiculous demands. For once in your bloody life,
"Félicitations, espèce de connard. Gut gemacht, Sie. Rydych chi wedi fy difetha! Coming to terms with my transparency will be a burden." He swallows hard. "But, please, John. I need you," Sherlock sobs, "in me. Now."
, pardon, Sir, I meant in hand-to-hand combat with combatants. Sir," now Sherlock's veritably gushing from several anatomical features, "you pull out all the stops, and it's
"As you were, then", the captain nods. "Carry on."
" He kicks up to his tiptoes to sink his teeth in Sherlock's neck.
"This situation is becoming preposterous!" Sherlock bellows in high strop.
"Pick a Safeword," the doctor sputters.
"crow" - new recruit, Combat Recruit of War
"I surely have no idea what you're talking about," the genius murmurs. "Tea?"
Sherlock's normally pale face reddens at the reminder. His eyes glow with the intensity of his ire. First, John ruins...
The circles of lightly abused flesh ought be displayed, ruby-studded bracelets gifted to one's mate. Sherlock gasps, love crashing over him in a wave. John is...John is John. John is everything, and more. He, Sherlock Holmes, is an arse.
. Eidetic memory, all present and accounted for, rears its ugly head. John grins whilst Sherlock blanches. "You're fortunate, you waste of uniform, that I'm forgiving. A rare trait in a captain, that, forgiveness."
The private's counterplay, when he delivers it, is clumsy; based on his twisted sense of humour. The private inquires, with all due respect, if the Captain's question was meant to be rhetorical.
John has got Sherlock, and Sherlock finds he fancies being gotten. Herding Sherlock with his weapons feels like a game of ping ping using cooking utensils.
Pawn: This is the littlest/least powerful piece on the board. They may only move forward and must remain in the row of which they started.
Sherlock shifts, inspecting both wrists. Pinking rings of chafed skin adorn his flesh like twin bracelets. They're...pretty. Well, this is a turn-up. The genius feels like preening - which is ridiculous. It's all ridiculous. There's nothing noble about abandoning one's will to another. Ceding control equals failure. And, yet. The intensity of his release suggests otherwise.
"Why...damn it...you..." the doctor snatches the paper out of Sherlock's hands, searching for the offensive article. "This!" John flings it straight into his lover's face. "Page six. Don't bother with the main text, look at the sidebar!"
No, keep doing exactly that - wait, I can't take it! It's too much!"
"Forgive my impertinence, Sir, but will you grant me a trial period for me to prove it? If given time and your guidance, if you please."
"Yup," John smirks, popping the "p" just like somebody he knows. "Or rather, no."
tongue thing...
"Arrgh!" Unnerved by the sting of John's slap, Sherlock breaks character. "Ghagh...the hell, John? OW!"
It's a plan. He's done as John commanded, as John wished. He's deduced his blogger's up until now secret kink. Sherlock runs over the knowledge, trembling with excitement. Apparently, he'd been been keeping secrets, too; except in this case, he'd hidden the facts from himself.
"Yeah..." John drops his character. Something, somewhere had to give. The doctor's
"Sir..."
The point is, that when the sun shines (and I'm not working sixteen hours per day), I like to go outside and do a bit of weeding. Seriously, dear readers, it's a complicated procedure to type whilst wielding a pitchfork. Ergo, updates may be slow for the foreseeable future. Sorry for that, but those dandelions! And the timely seeding of the sunflowers, replanting the lamb's ears cheerfully crowding the lupine...you can see what I mean. Right? LOL. Don't even get me started on that dastardly interloper, lemon balm!
"Sir?"
So. Why wind up an already too-tightly wound man? To what purpose? John is not cruel. John is kind. John is also firmly in control of his emotions - on the surface, at least, Sherlock observes with a curious eye. The doctor has assumed what for him is an highly unusual position, at least whilst sitting in his low, yielding chair. John is sitting - no, is
"No, Sir! Yes, Sir! Right away, Sir!" The detective's mind has gone bye-bye. He's not a genius, nor a detective. Sherlock's just a muppet in John's Army primed for dury. Sherlock's held, helpless under Captain Watson's thumb. Oddly, the condition is freeing, offering up his will to John. He believes in John. John champions him when others doubt. He loves John. He loves John. He loves John.
Actual, honest-to god living breathing sexual shenanigans. This post may be a bit iffy, but, if I don't post something soon - anything, whatever - I'm going to crack.
"Do not think that it has escaped my attention,  that it took precisely thirty-three seconds for you to complete the required mission. Did it not, Private?" John pauses, waiting for some paltry excuse. Sherlock never appreciates being called out when he's functioned in any way less that extraordinary.
"You should expect nothing less from your commanding officer. I run a tight squad, you dried strip of poodle shit. And, Private Holmes?"
An idea sparks, a Catherine wheel; script circling in neon pink Gills Sans. "The phone! Of course! How foolish. The phone, the lubricant!" He forgets himself, doing a jig. "Elementary, my dear Captain!"
"Yes, John, and yet you asked me a - Ahhh...bloody OUCH!" Sherlock jolted. The sting of straight white kitten teeth pressed around thick, straining muscle is something one should expect in advance. The doctor admires the ring of skin left behind. There's no question here. Sherlock's
"Is everything satisfactory with you, Private Holmes? Are you comfortable? Feel too tight or constricting, Sherlock?" Dr. John slips back out, he can't help it. He loves this man too much to cause him fear.
Viruses. Suck. Ass.
"Ehhh," the detective hedges, "Sir, which response is most preferable at this time? I want to - what are you - Sir, yes or no?" Sherlock cringes at John's instant peal of laughter. He feels foolish and at loose ends.
return your hands to your thick skull as I instructed. I'm not above re-cuffing you."
Disengaging and stepping back, Captain Watson clears his throat and gives the order. He's proud to come off sounding bland and matter-of-fact. "Permission granted to deduce out loud, Private. You may speak."
Sherlock mentally flips the tit an enthusiastic two-finger salute.
Now, at no time should one question Sherlock's acute senses. No, really, please. Honestly, don't hint at such blasphemy, or face a lecture about the two-hundred forty-three disparate odours found in ash. No one else has catalogued John's perfume, or that the tender flesh of his balls smacks of browned chanterelles dressed with butter. It's debatable whether or not his blogger's dime-a-dozen girlfriends had two neurons to rub together, let alone decode the whimpers, groans, sighs, moans, growls, grunts, and helpless wails of pleasure John lets fly during sex. Only he can, he's fucking brilliant. John told him so the first night they'd met.
Okay, was that redundant? I kind of skimmed through chapter four, and I am not sure chapter five isn't more of the same. But I gotta go to work, so I don't have the time to really look. A short "yes" or "no" on somebody's part would be greatly appreciated.
John leans in close to nibble on his earlobe.
this a game? He sniffs.
" Sherlock hears John swallow, the slight hush of air as something pushes through it, and the smack on his arse stings so sweetly that the high immediately following it is worthy of the gods.
Sherlock's scandalized, nose to photo after photo after...Mother of All That's Unholy - he spots the outlier. It's the very last in the line-up, shot in the venue bedroom. It's a close-up, a very close-up; startling in every last detail. He - no. Private Holmes is tethered to the bed. The soldier is shackled, blindfolded, and helplessly hard as a rock.
dragging against the nerve bundles in his most secretly sensitive areas. Irritation melts into interest. Interest puddles into lust.
"An absolutely stunning synopsis, Holmes. Well done, you," John jeers, pinching his lover's skinny hip. "Try again, genius. Tell me," he breaths, "What you see."
Sherlock howls, stomping heavily to John's chair. The action become somewhat superfluous once his feet march across the thick oriental carpet. If the detective was a character from a children's programme, plumes of smoke would be pouring out both ears. "John. This affectation of yours is unfathomably rude. I never put up with such blatant impertinence, and I certainly won't tolerate it from you!" Sherlock aims, flipping a slightly bent biro in the direction of John's lap. It smacks against the newspaper with a pop.
Sherlock's head rocks back against his shoulders. "John, please. Please, I need you."
Sorry for any typos. I start work in 2 minutes but wanted to post.
And, remarkably, the detective achieves complete radio silence for the first time as an adult without injecting narcotics. Sherlock's intellect uncouples from his body (
"Most interesting is the fact that you, Sir, nicked it from your place of work. Surgilube, water-based and produced by Savage Laboratories. Popular manufacturer, and commonly found in most London surgeries. Obvious, as Savage Labs markets direct to medical facilities. Surgilube is not for individual sale, it's shipped in gross quantity boxes. Several gross of Surgilube currently resides in your surgery's storage cupboard."
Mind your comportment, soldier. And shall
John pats his gut, registering it's pudge. Middle age can piss the hell right off. "
An impressive spray of spittle arcs from Sherlock's tongue and adds to the profusion of body fluids. "Sir, yes Sir!" John twists his lover's ear viciously in warning. Sherlock whimpers. Christ, but the man is adorable.
annoyed." He shifts in silently, shoe soles muffled by the carpet. Sherlock tries not to squirm, John's trousers indifferently chafing his bum. "What's next, Private," Watson hisses straight into his lover's ear, "an offer to spit-polish my boots with your tongue?"
Sherlock finger-combs through mats whilst scrunching and fluffing up his curls. He'd make a fool of himself stumbling about to find the loo.
John's frown deepens to a scowl. His artless role-play's gone wrong and he's now cursed with a split personality.
before the muscle re-establishes its normal sinus rhythm. John's super-heated, hard heaving body has the power to shut down his heart. It's only upon deducing this fact that Sherlock thinks to open his eyes.
"Oh, dear, soldier. I'd advise you to in the strongest terms to never use foul language whilst addressing an officer, unless it's your goal to incite trouble." John's next words come in the form of a harshly delivered whisper. "Are you
Check: an attack on the king
"Holmes!" John raises his hand, landing on Sherlock's arse with his legendary crack shot precision. "I'll show
"Terrific! Glad to hear. Resume formation and explain."
"Sir?" Private Holmes cheeps. John's prowling, slipping up behind him; a fox stalking a wee baby rabbit. He must be hovering within a scant few inches going by the sudden sensation of warmth. The small man generates heat like a boiler. Christ, is it - is it
"Shut it, soldier, because I don't want to hear it. I've heard enough empty platitudes and promises from you to fill a lifetime, thank you very much. There's no place in my unit for men who don't get on with their peers."
"You know," John says, the ribbon flapping harder, what with John's awkward gesticulations aiming towards the floor where the cuffs rest. "A Safeword. So I know when to stop what - bloody hell. It's a thing for if things get, oh, I don't know, uncomfortable. Too intense, if you catch my meaning." A marginally hysterical snort escapes John's nostrils. "Surely, Sherlock, you've must have heard of them."
"jack" - workshy or selfish
The genius grimaces in disgust.
The movement is similar to a tic; visceral and mortifying in spades. What's worse is that it makes for a bloody unfortunate tell. He's off his trolley. He's lost the plot. He's mad as a bag of rabid ferrets.
It's a silly bit of praise, but soothing nonetheless. Captain Watson is pleased by his performance. Sherlock's lips curve up in a smile.
"Well, that is my hope. I shouldn't want to be labelled obtuse." John drops the items on the floor with a thunk, and Sherlock jumps. The captain eases slightly, assuming parade rest. "So spit it out, you fucking sexy
Sucking up leads to sucking of a different nature.
...Mind Palace John remarks,
"Any time now would be good, Holmes. Any time."
The perfectly audible sound of shoe heels clack against the sitting room floor. "Now, Holmes, I've put forth a question, and have not as yet received a reply. You know how I hate to repeat myself," John sniffs, once again hovering just out of reach.
histrionics. Oi, shut your pie hole. Alright, hardly ever, then, and invariably behind closed doors (preferably locked).
"Ah, you sweet brilliant maniac, you'll take what I give; no more, no less," John growls, struggling to keep pace with his lover's flailings. "Dear me." He's forced to bellow to cancel out Sherlock's squeals and booming laughter. "Precisely how many clots - men and woman alike - have been held spellbound, swooning after one look of your gorgeous cheekbones?" John gives up the chase to nip and pinch at Sherlock's bum. "Yet apparently you can be subdued by the power of one paltry poultry feather."
"So. Interesting, as I said, as the motive remains unclear. Pictures, possibly, if unlikely. Now, the impetus for the lube extraction," and here is where Sherlock stops, stymied. For all his educated ways, John has absolutely no problem milking every last germ-infested molecule from its container. It's ridiculous, really; they've more than enough, enough lubricant for a lifetime. So, why nick it from the surgery at all? If procured for its sterile aspect, why break the seal? John planned his shenanigans ahead of time whilst he carried on oblivious. He'd not seen this coming, damn it. Why? Why?
John's left hand smarts, reddened palm stinging like the dickens.
Without bothering to look up, John reaches one hand upwards as delicately as if to cover a yawn. Deft surgeon's fingers nab the pencil a mere second before the tip spears his nose. Still seemingly focused on the crossword, John tosses it over his back as if for luck. "Ta. Now get over here and plant your lovely arse down on the chair. I have a few grievances of my own to discuss."
But, no, not for long. Not today. It's he who must hold the reins for this ride, bumpy and dangerous as it is.
world. Sherlock knows John, He
thus far."
The attempt is - dare he say, a waste of breathe? He thinks not, yet the fug of his own carcass is such that it's blocking out anything relevant. Being a stubborn clot, Sherlock pivots in place and tests all 360 degrees of the compass. He snuffles dog-like until woozy and close to passing out. Honestly, is one whiff of Orange and Bergamot body wash too much to ask for? The posh liquid soap is the one froofy indulgence John will tolerate. See, Sherlock first applied the Molten Brown collection (not all at once) during a secret experiment (what other type was there) on John. He correlated the data and charted John's unconscious arousal whilst exposed to body odour enhancement. In the end, ironically, John preferred Sherlock in Tobacco Absolute. It was Sherlock who relished a citrus-fresh Bergamot John.
"Going to fuck you, 'Lock, bugger you so deep you'll taste my come in your mouth." Sherlock cries out, mewls shooting up an octave as John  to suck and worry the tips of both taut nipples. He thrashes, head rolling round to drop hard, driving directly into John's scar. Too involved in pleasing his lover, the pain doesn't even register. No, the repercussions arise much later as the endorphins ebb away.
Sherlock can't avoid it, being analytical due to an inherited maternal gene gone mad. He's been cursed by the compulsion to experiment, to postulate, to take control, to
Sherlock accepts John's challenge. Honestly, what else can he do?
John thinks.
My mistake." Sherlock slams them down, smashing his curls.
He's physiologically evolved past the corporeal need for sleep, preferring to engage in mental exercise whilst cuddled aside his love, his John, his darling little silver-haired spoon.
The patina of Sherlock's flesh has darkened from milk pale to a glossed-over plummy red hue. His arse cheeks remind John of ripe cherries, very plump cherries, like the ones that used to grow behind his house. They look absolutely delicious, thrust up like an offering. Tempted past human endurance, John leans in, and takes a quick, satisfying bite of firm flesh.
There'd been no hesitation, no questions asked. Baker Street's dearth of specious orange blankets abruptly seems an unforgivable oversight. The detective dazedly wonders if shock blankets are available for public purchase. He makes a mental note to inquire at Tesco's.
Anyway, I felt compelled to post what is obviously twaddle and I'm not sorry. I'm too tired. It's likely redundant. I've no clue of what I've already written. Please help me out and let me know if I am repeating myself? Honestly, it's been 15K of whinging drivel and raging hard-on's. If I was at all competent, John and Sherlock would have shagged like rabbits 13K words ago. I apologise to those who came for straight-up porn. One day, readers, one day.
"pin" - an attack on a vulnerable piece
Affronted and agonisingly desperate, Sherlock is left with little choice but to safe-word. "Poodle," he spits out, all practically frothing at the mouth, "damn you, Captain. Damn you, you...you...you...
exciting, and a truly useful exercise in discipline. I believe that I've learned a valuable lesson today, thanks to your guidance and expertise in the field of command." He coughs. "There's no need for us to stop, honestly."
"Answer me, tart. Or, are you not actually interested in following through?"
Every molecule, every atom, each particle of air, is promptly expelled from Sherlock's lungs. He gasps, and sputters, and heaves. Sherlock squeaks out a protest, "Holy...
Leaping swiftly; lithe and limber as a 15th century Shinobi warrior - well, one clad in a lumpy oatmeal jumper - John arcs toward the ceiling as if shot from the barrel of a cannon. Sherlock gasps, his brain grinding its gears until they check, crack, and crumble into dust. And wait, John's screeched to a halt in mid-flight; posed and weightless, six feet above the floor. John, no more a doctor. He's a pint-sized assassin for hire.
"I...ah. Well. I see. Wait, no I don't. Where exactly is all this," Sherlock's hands spin in opposite circles, "coming from?"
"Deduce, Private Holmes. Deduce."
John's eyes glitter, minuscule crinkles of delight framing the corners. Sherlock's confusion is frankly adorable. The doctor's tempted to flash his best imitation of Sherlock's "look". But, no. His brilliant boy is rattled as it is, best not to push.
Sherlock's cock hopefully twitches.
Sherlock clears his throat trying to catch the Captain's attention. He's distantly aware that illusory smoke, heady as incense, is curling away from the indent, a cauterized brand of John's ownership.
John's roar echoes up the front foyer, followed by the thump of size eight brogues. "You've gone well and truly mad, haven't you?" The doctor crashes straight into the kitchen, red-faced and sweating. Sherlock sets his glass-green limpid eyes steadily on John's face, whilst smacking his lips and licking traces of apricot sticky bun from his thumb.
John gasps in disbelief and bursts out laughing. "Oh...my...God. Fucking hell. You got it wrong!"
, and your blatantly callous indifference. Poodle! Poodle-poodle-poodle buggering poodle! You win, I lose - congratulations. If my hands were currently available, I'd be waving a white flag. Bravo."
"Now," the little man says, wiggling his finely muscled arse. "I have several issues of which we need to...discuss, Sherlock." John's tongue tilts to wet his upper lip, sharp smile turning sweetly mischievous, "My sexy, my dearest, my most darling man. My Sherlock," he hums, "
Sherlock immediately runs through his catalogue of paper products.
Deducing in this condition is akin to courting disaster, but alas, the private is out of time. C'est la vie, the game is out of his hands. What happens happens. "Indeed, Captain," Sherlock chokes out. "I've calculated seven separate
to make trouble, Holmes?" The captain steps back, and then again. Two more steps in that direction should just about do it.
It taste terrible, so foul that he drools. Sherlock spews out the filth else his gag reflex do it for him. He must swot up on the merits of veganism, conceivably before their next meal. Sherlock spends a minute sussing out the damage - Hudders will have kittens.
Sherlock can't control the rocking of his pelvis. He's beyond merely being mentally exhausted, the interminable banter is killing him. "Yes, Sir."
"Cease and desist that at once, 'Your Royal Pissyness'", John plows on as if he hasn't heard. "It's
"Have you sussed out my plan of attack, dear Private?", the captain purrs, five feet to Sherlock's right.
"I think not, Sir," Sherlock snipes.
Queen: The queen moves freely in all directions. It's the most powerful chess piece for this reason. Also, my tongue and cheek reference to our gay and not-gay characters.
Because I am annoying like that, I've looked up a number of chess terms so I can irritate you by threading them into my narrative. My apologies.
The landlady for 221B (AKA: Not Your Housekeeper) carts home, among other things, two packets of Jammy Dodgers, a box of chamomile tea, and a generous cut of roast beef for Sunday dinner. Mrs. Hudson places these three items in her tenants' flat. The 2-litre of cheap red wine, however, is strictly for personal consumption; an aperitif to accompany her nightly herbal soother. Being a wily old bird, she tucks it into the airing cupboard for safe-keeping.
"Fair enough," John concedes, pausing to lick along the long cords of his neck, "But even so, I'll hold you to your word. You can't evaluate my
Sherlock groans. He's truly and fucked, there's not a chance in hell of surviving this. Screw composure, fuck comportment; he's a blubbering, babbling mess. John scrabbles wildly over his insteps, twisting up to the backs of his knees.
Sherlock pulls images from his mind palace and describes them in lascivious detail. Every detail, including the very last image of conjecture.
"I'm curious to why you, Captain, selected that distinct formulation of lubricant."
"Overwhelmed?" Sherlock moves past mortification to intrigue. Quite intense intrigue. "Overwhelmed in what manner, pray tell?" His hands triangulate over his chin.
Come on what, Sherlock - on you face?
"The left flank," John snickers, pinching soft flesh, "and then the right," slapping taut thigh. Sherlock squeaks, shrill as a dog's rubber chew toy.
The detective swallows hard, forcing down a bitter lump of shame. His guilt burns white hot, curdling up the acid in his stomach.
"John, fuck!" the genius keens, "Bin the bloody feather, you cretin. Enough with the contrived minerals, gases, trivial movie references, or what have you. Please," Sherlock moans softly. "John, please. I beg of you."
Private Holmes lifts his hands, ashamed to be caught out. Being chastised by his commander for poor comportment? So soon? Nevertheless, Sherlock's not that sorry, it relieved his cock of a bit of pressure. "No-one, Sir. Sorry, Sir. It won't happen again, Sir," the detective voice melts from compliant, to simpering whinge. "Shall I be punished for such a breach of compornment?" Sherlock blanches, "Sir! That was a slip of the tongue, Sir! I meant to say, comportment?"
"Captain Watson, may I be so bold as to assure you, Sir, that I am quite capable to accepting what further punishment you deem necessary for my insubordinate actions, Sir," Sherlock clears his throat, and tries again, "I beg it of you, Sir. My remunerations...obviously I've found them remarkably stimulating. As in," he coughed awkwardly, "extraordinarily
Okay, so started this at the middle of March. Forget what I wrote in the beginning notes. I fell ill April 5th and have been flat on my back ever since. I'm not considered as a test candidate for Covid-19 because I wasn't in primary contact with a doctor-diagnosed Covid-positive person. Thanks, government, good going. The CDC folks said I had it anyway.
"As such, those personnel charged with dereliction of duty are forthwith given the bullet. In civvie speak, 'administrative discharge', Private, a natural consequence for soldiers demonstrating 'temperamental unsuitability'. Trust me. Being turned out in front of your unit is utterly demeaning and disgraceful. Most soldiers would rather leave the army in a box than be dismissed due to blatant incompetence."
John reddens. He's fucked this up already. What made him believe he had the balls do this?
"Pay attention, dear heart," John calmly interrupts, with some malice, "and it'll be a snap to deduce my intentions. But, not now, no," he licks his bottom lip until it gleams. "You'll have scads of time to whinge later. Much,
," Sherlock sneers, offended; using air quotes like a git - which he is, "without being well-versed in the activity. Am I not correct?"
Sherlock freezes, falling mute. His lips stretch in a silent scream, John languidly roaming up to suck and nip at his sac. His rim muscles pulse in invitation, and John takes it as such. He spits a solicitous gob of saliva atop the hole to ease the way and wades in, gently stretching. The genius cries thanks to the almighty with less-than-holy language. John matches Sherlock's tribute right back, "Lovely, so lovely, darling. Take it, take my fingers." He adds another and then another and then one more, rotating; easing the way, whilst ramping up the tension.
, no more. Understand, Private?"
"Don't annoy me with stock protestations." John snarls, fighting the desperate urge to rub off. "Shite, you pillock, you've gone and interrupted my train of thought. Wait. Ah, yes," he dares move a bit nearer. "Deductions. Yes. Carry on."
"Hands, up, soldier," the doctor murmurs behind his ear. "All the way. Good. Now, place your forearms on your head, hands in back." Again, there is praise, lovely praise. "Very good, Holmes. Now, keep still."
A broken Sherlock is not a sexy Sherlock. Fleet of feet, the doctor darts forward and anchors Sherlock to the floor. The detective, now a snared and desperate rabbit, twists out of John's grasp and hares off to the kitchen. The second Sherlock passes the pocket door he's furious. John, damn him, tricked him into a foolish blunder. Their eating area, a.k.a. chem lab, is jam-packed with detritus and loose rubbish. Mystery liquids muck up the lino, oozing around the webbing of his toes. The bottoms of his feet stick to the floor.
"You see, Sir," Sherlock pants, "Having been assigned to your unit feels serendipitous. I - " He sways to the left, dizzy from the surge of emotion.
furious can you imagine about my absconding with the Hep A liver infected with Herpes Simplex 12 after the autopsy of the prostitute do you recall the sex worker, who was garroted and subsequently dumped in an abandoned kip directly outside Manches..."
Oh, God, yes. Sir. I mean, Captain Watson," the detective cries, nearly tearing up. "I'm ready, Sir, to accept my punishment."
Sherlock is quintessentially a control freak. Not that John would ever
A prelude to something new in the bedroom. Yay! This story was close to being dead in the water, and I didn't want that to happen.
A sexual adventure, of sorts. Of John's sort. Sherlock's adam's apple undulates, a sign of his swallowing his pride. Captain Watson guffaws, fine-tuning his physical bearing. John's arms muscles bulk up as they flex for his lover's benefit. Sherlock's military kink is patently apparent.
John snorts, "I doubt that, I feel a right mess." He taps Sherlock's shins, who understands and lowers his legs. John plunges in, eating at Sherlock's mouth. The genius opens up, his lover's tongue dominating him, invading his mouth. They tangle tongues, rutting desperately cock-to-cock. "Fucking hell, luv, that's...
Am army-trained doctor...who has bad days. Very bad days. Very, very bad days. Apparently, this is one of them.
"No! No. Nothing like that," the doctor hedges, the sentence ending in a squeak. Appalled, John struggles to re-establish authority. He growls in annoyance, though for what reason, Sherlock isn't clear. His flatmate clears his throat, and then clears it again. He hawks into his fist one final time, for good measure. "No. I just forgot something. There's a proper etiquette when people engage in, well, what we're engaging in." The doctor's hand loosens against his lips, muffling an exhalation that's not quite a cough.
, his flatmate's antics are to blame, but it is John's motivations in this matter that are the antecedent of this...this unhappy fluttering in his chest and the excessive desire for fresh oxygen. (Surely, John would mark the signs of an unexpected myocardial infaction in his relatively healthy life partner and act on that knowledge, would he not?)
Sherlock sucks in as much oxygen as he can muster, expelling it so quickly he risks hyperventilation. "John, Captain, Christ Almighty! That's...damn you, and double damn your horrid tool of torment. A Pavo cristatus tail feather, John? Really?"
, you shriveled-up excuse of a bell-end."
"To your left, Holmes, eight-o'clock. Don't want to pull another header into the wall, do we?"
Sherlock always, and forever gets his way. It's child's play, really, for the manipulative bastard. Deduce, seduce, then reduce John's desires to trivial tripe.
"I do like," the genius pants. "John, please. Tell me what you want me to do."
The doctor tolerates his lover's initiative for a bit. Frankly, Sherlock's cock is a biological wonder in its size, supernatural strength, and awe-inspiring, breath-taking beauty. John finds he can never get enough of the taste and the feel and the power.
A fury of blood red lines stripe his hamstrings.
Normally, if Sherlock looks desperate enough, John gives in - whether he's in the mood or not. Sherlock can be very persuasive. The detective set those gorgeous green eyes on his lover and instantly deduced John's desires and dislikes. Sherlock can get John hard, no matter what.
"Brilliant, Holmes," John whispers, "almost there, but not quite."
Sherlock's cock hardens further, vital fluids pooling in the apex of his groin. It remains a mystery, physiologically speaking, as to why his cheeks can still burn; cheekbones flushing with blood, incandescently pink. John's gaze judders, tripping downwards. His pupils dilate  incrementally into blue-black pools of want. Sherlock would sink and drown if he looked long enough. John's eyes continue dashing about, until they don't. They stutter, slamming to a halt at vision of his lover's impressively tented trousers. He licks his lips. Sherlock follows in kind.
Hello, dear readers. My life has become...crazy hectic, to put in bluntly. There have been so many times that I've been struck with lovely and pornographic inspiration whilst simultaneously trapped at work. By the time I arrive home I'm a zombie. Disadvantaged preschoolers will do that to a person *author's left eye twitching uncontrollably*.
"Beautiful, Sherlock. You're bloody gorgeous. Christ, look at you," John chokes reverently, "arse up, free for the taking. Open wide. It's all for me, right there and ready. Mine. You're
"Never mind," the doctor groans. "Why am I even surprised. So sure of this, are you?"
Sherlock loves it, John's cock. He worships John's penis as if it were a separate entity - a holy relic John deigns to share, with unworthy mortals such as he. "Joh..." Sherlock sucks in a breath. "John. John, Christ in heaven you're so good."
Sherlock is doing a remarkable impression of an half-completed abandoned steel bridge which lost its funding. John's at a loss for what to do except keep going. Lifting, the captain centre his hands above his lover's sweaty sacrum. Sherlock loves when John toys with his bum. Mrs. Hudson flees to Speedy's to keep her sanity from the unseemly noises coming from their flat. Although, being on the smallish side for the common British man, Sherlock's prostate is deliciously sensitive. John delights in taking things slowly by teasing his fingers around the gland's edges. Sherlock tends to whinge, demanding that John hurry it up. More often than not, though, the doctor gives in.
Sherlock pulls a face,
"Methinks, dear Captain," Sherlock consoles, "The woman simply recognises fine quality when she sees it. Besides, voyeurism is only one of her lesser perversions. She's the perfect candidate for an interesting socio-sexual case study."
"Yes. Yes. I'm sorry. I apologise, Captain, for thinking otherwise."
"HOLMES!" The private's eardrums buzz. That was uncomfortable. He calculates the risk of hearing loss vs. getting on with it or getting off. Meh. It's a risk he is willing to take.
Yet, the fact at hand is that his lover's brain's so muzzy that he's yielded his self-control without a fight. Hell's bells, wasn't that the plan in the first place, to hold the upper hand for once in their lives? Fuck it. Sherlock will survive. He may throw a wobbly after all's said and done, but who cares.
doing such things whilst thrusting against the length of his cock. "Oohhhh....my god, John. What are you - "
Any, I hope to submit more frequently and with longer chapters until this pain-in-the-butt story is complete.
He writes:
Whilst confusing, Sherlock's reticence provides his captain the chance to settle. John's rue fades into nothing whilst he drinks in Sherlock' beauty. His hazel eyes roil about, thunderous as a squall. Sherlock's sexy as all fuck, and he knows it - the sodding twat. Sherlock playing a sulky sub is transcendent; debased and déshabillé, reduced to begging for his captain's cock. This is it. Greedy, John gorges of his power. It tastes delicious.
Sherlock manoeuvres to his chair, smoothing his lapels with trembling fingers. Is it too much to straighten his cuffs? Yes, perhaps so. Instead, he sits down, lifting his right leg to cross it decisively over his left. The act's a statement: "I am calm, collected, and in control of the situation as it lies."
Unconsciously, Sherlock uncrosses his legs and slams both feet flat on the floor. "So."
And here's the end. Hope you enjoyed!!
John wheedles, sounding not one whit like his lover. It's Sherlock's who's the chameleon. "Think back. Or, did you delete the requisition out of shame," his words a statement, not a question. "Soldier. This right here is a textbook example of self-indulgent insubordination. Prevarication, and the expectation of receiving preferential treatment. Disgraceful, you skinny shit, that's jack as all fuck. It's not I who wanted...who wanted," this time the words a lie, not a statement.
John slips past the pocket door to the narrow zone between stove and kitchen table. It's a miracle that Sherlock didn't hear him creep in. John sends a mental thanks to his mum for fat toes. He scans the room for ideas. The room's a shambles, like always, still he spies a green-fuzzed fish slice in the sink and a tomato-y wooden spoon glued to the hob. Sherlock's such a massive prat when it comes to cleaning up; for the first time in his life, John approves. "By whose standards, soldier? I am not 'most men', and I don't want to be."
"Alright. Alright. Fair enough, I believe you," John gargles, then clears his throat. "Very good, Private Holmes. I'm most pleased. Let's move on no we've established your willingness to serve," the captain coughs, "to serve the regiment. Very commendable, soldier. However, it's the only the first of many challenges you'll face."
Here's #4, may it be worthy. Wait. #5
Frankly, John is sick to death of being ignored. Sherlock prances. He dances. He whines, stomping around the kitchen table in finely tailored trousers. It's terribly frustrating for John, especially since all of this posturing allows for a 360-degree view of Sherlock's fine arse. The detective's immature moue stands as a reminder of how much John adores nibbling on that plump lower lip.
The captain shifts, aims, and fires - lock, stock, and barrel. He ploughs remorselessly through the lanky bastard's rim and doesn't stop until fully seated. Garbled words spit from his mouth, intermixed with curses. John shuts him right up with a fierce kiss.
Sherlock nods sharply in defiance of John's tactics. "Private Holmes" will triumph one way or another. He's been dishonourably discharged, a consummately valid rationale to play dirty.
An unending stream of fresh, noisy clamorous data, blessedly beautiful data, floods his senses. Sherlock shatters from his fugue. He's flung free of malaise to and snaps straight into detective mode in less than a tenth of a micro-second. By rote, the genius deletes his despair. The indomitable Sherlock Holmes,  simply does not
Sherlock's balls tighten into marbles when his lover's unexpectedly warm breath tickles his taint. "God,
Sherlock does so love getting what he wants.
For once in his life, Sherlock's speechless. Moments ago he'd croaked out his assent. Now though, his tongue feels paralyzed. He is silent for days strictly by personal choice. Efforts at verbal communication all depend on his mood, his mental status, and/or if Mycroft's fat arse is in the flat. Now, the detective's throat is clogged with half-formed phrases and dangling participles. There are no words for the situation at hand.
Squatting, purses his lips and leans in, blowing hot air on to Sherlock's groin. "Oh!" the genius wails, just barely tamping down the instinct to thrust. Watson grins, pleased with the private's tightening pink balls. If Just a moment ago, his cock had seemed sad. Now, bollocks look cheeky and hopeful. "Please, John! Sir! Captain! Do it, bite my other cheek! Make a matching set!"
Abandoning his dearest bound, blind and gasping; gagging to be fucked, and literally pickling in his juices? Giving a huff, Sherlock peels himself off the cushions. He ignores the viscous mucous dripping out his nose, mostly, the flavour of dead, unwashed bovine being the greater challenge.
Sherlock jams his left thumbnail in his mouth, and then his right. He needs a surface on which to chew.
With Sherlock's brain verily robbed of it's dominion, his penis feels free to call bullshit.
"You Sir, highly lauded officer of the illustrious RAMC, intend on either: one, fingering me senseless until I'm primed for bottoming without discomfort; or, two, are prepared to execute an annual regulation physical and prostate exam."
"Mmmmm," John croons in amusement. "Sherlock, what's an eight-letter word for 'petulant crybaby'? It's right on the tip of my tongue." His back remains firmly planted to his chair, ignoring the crybaby in question. If John
, you fire back, 'significant' how?"
Sherlock's eyelids flutter, lashes flicking against the velvet.
'kay, had to write this down. Just so you know, my dog didn't get walked and dinner didn't get made. All in all, I think that it was worth it. Incidentally, I was gifted a poodle as an 8 yr. old child after suffering from a serious bout of double pnuemonia. The description of the poodles in this post are taken primarily from personal experience.
"And in Molly's presence.
Suffering through an inordinately long silence, he hears the softest of sighs. Sherlock swallows hard. This particular  sigh of John's is his absolute favourite. It's the only one of the doctor's many expressive sighs saved for Sherlock. It's the loveliest of lovely sounds, and means "I love you."
For a few interminable minutes, the room is void of any sound besides Sherlock's panting. The anticipation of more tickling is intolerable; nevertheless, horribly exciting. He's gotten off more than once just by John tickling him senseless. The pause gives him respite, yet it's not enough. He's having kittens, horrid over-sized kittens with needle teeth and razor-sharp claws.
Sherlock pales, and then reddens. A bulge pushes up under his flies. "You want to use these."
Christ, but Sherlock's body odor is addictive. It's a unique chemical configuration of sweat, testosterone, and IQ points; sexier than all fuck, and then some. The scent is too much for a lowly enlisted medic to cope with. Sherlock's pungency brews beneath his armpits, around his groin; an aroma too delicious to ignore. John noses down Sherlock's throat without actually touching it, basking in his lover's funky bouquet.
"Lay back then, Holmes. On your back, knees up and on your stomach," John commands. "No, scoot back," he says, "put your bum all the way on." Sherlock wriggles ineffectively, it being somewhat difficult to manoeuvre without his hands. Finally, he's positioned where John wants him; hands on head, arms angled about his ears to frame his face, ridiculously long feet hoisted up to face the sky, and...oh, oh, oh. Sherlock's arse full on display, taint peeking out from luscious flesh, lightly hairy thighs, full taut balls, and his
Snarled allegations bounce against closed sliding-glass kitchen partitions. John stops reading the paper ("Extensive in-fighting among Parliament delegates has led to a voting deadlock on the Bellweather Bill, and P.M. blah blah blah...yada yada yada...") tilts his head to interpret his flatmate's grievance. Something...disturbed slides...something bacteria something ...yes. Fairly heated accusations regarding the nitwitted contamination of his latest experiment - the one with the one single sample. Molly's been ridiculously stingy with body parts as of late, not a liver, or kidney in weeks.
, like a tiger sizing up its prey. His short legs are spread indecently wide, toes pointing front and center. John's strong fingers are digging so deeply into worn cloth that Sherlock wonders that it hasn't yet frayed. There's always something that the detective forgets. Beneath John's tragically bland woolen jumpers beats the heart of a blood-thirsty warrior.
Zugzwang: Having to move because it's your turn even though any move at all will be bad.
"Captain Watson?" Sherlock violates the tension-filled silence. "Sir, I -
It's as plain as the tip of his nose.
Conflicting expressions cross the detective's face; pleasure, amusement, pique, and lastly chagrin. "John, forgive me. It was but a silly joke..."
John wished that his words could pop out so easily.
Well, this took forever and a day to post.
" Sherlock groans. Mere seconds before, he'd been his usual imperious self. He's aware he's a right clever bastard, there's no denying it. He feels no compunction about getting what he wants, when he wants it - which is always RIGHT NOW. Nevertheless, captive of the cool commanding Captain, Sherlock melts. He's verily diffusing into jelly, brain cells merrily oozing from his ears to puddle around his knees. "All present and accounted for, Sir, and am prepared to carry out your orders."
John must subdue his baser instincts, his furiously feral hunger; the need to lick and bite and kiss and suck and fuck his gorgeous lover senseless.
, Sherlock, is the fact that I put up with your over-inflated ego on a daily basis." John's index finger traces the pronounced line of his jaw, belying the earlier touch. "You already know that you're my best friend, yeah? By now," he smiles, suddenly shy, "surely you've deduced that I love you?"
The little man's mouth squishes inward into nothing in a feeble attempt to erase itself. It feels unclean, but not from the heady, salted musk coating his tongue; so familiar to Sherlock's skin. No, because of his unthinking
"Sir," Sherlock squeaks after what feels like eternity, "Have I new...orders yet to follow?"
"No, no. Don't be like that." John prods, "Come on, give it another go, what's significant about my phone? You'll get it yet." He laughs at Sherlock's sullen moue. "Jesus, that goes without saying, you boffin wanker. You're bloody brilliant!"
Sherlock is faced with a paradigm shift, and surprisingly, finds it okay.
"Having said that, I'm inclining towards either," he wheezes, "Numbers Three or Seven. The rest are probably rubbish. Not enough data." Sherlock's dying, he's dying a slow, painful death here and now in their bedroom. "Or, so..."
<><><><><><><><><><><><><>
The detective's not repulsed - as he should be. In truth, it's rather sweet.
Well, nothing for it then, but to drag his arse off the couch and try to gain the offensive. Logically, John wouldn't dally in the kitchen nibbling biscuits, not in active combat. So, he needn't bother there. And, whilst the flat felt spacious, there being only two occupants, it wasn't in terms of square footage. Bedroom, kitchen, loo, hallway, foyer, downstairs foyer, upstairs storage. No, not upstairs. John's innate need to protect immediately excluded both foyers and the upstairs. However, the genius considers, the chaos in the flat is problematic. There are waist-high stacks of medical books, bundled newspapers, slippery crime scene photos, cast-off empty cardboard boxes, bulky mismatched furniture, and the occasional pile of shattered glass from stray beakers. In effect, the flat is a mess of hiding places and land mines, depending on the player's perspective. Cross off the kitchen and the majority of the sitting room. That left the hallway, loo, and their bedroom.
Sherlock deletes the data with a poof. He's nervous, feeling unaccountably bereft by John's distance; alone and lost in unending darkness. It's bad form to complain, though, the captain made that transparent. Private Holmes chews his lip and says nothing.
Private Holmes snaps to. "Knees on the couch! Face the wall! Place your hands on the backrest, and don't you move a fucking muscle, hear?" John is delirious, enthralled with his character. He's glad that he'd taken the time to establish a way to take time out. He knows it'll be so easy to take his act way too seriously, and go too far. "Spread those chicken legs apart. I said, spread them!" He's huffing, attempting to catch his breath. "Don't you sodding twitch, slut, or it's go worse for you, far, far worse." John freezes after a brief mental reply of his last sentiment. Time to reel his arse back in. He needs to
"And yet," the captain sings, "brilliant deductions can't hold a candle to your being trussed up and dripping on the couch. My my, soldier," he croons, amused, "you've made quite a mess there, haven't you. Ha. You. Under my thumb and at my disposal. Simply lovely."
Sherlock's two remaining brain cells stand up, and step to. He's been granted permission to speak. "Yes, Sir! Right away, Sir! I...forgive me," he blurts, sounding small and vulnerable. "I was momentarily struck dumb by your...er...impressive display of authority. Captain Watson, Sir, I swear to you that I'm 100% intent on honouring the QD code."
*Ahem*
He feels his brain melt into a gelatinous puddle. Coherence dribbles from his ears to the floor, obfuscating his ability to form speech.
Sherlock skitters instinctively to the right the instant John speaks. Sadly slamming head-on into the fridge? Blunder two. He groans and pulls a 180° to face the enemy. What the hell? How does John
John finally deigns to gaze up at his lover, eyes half-lidded and shielded by fringe. The doctor's normally pacific, cobalt blue irises have transmuted into a dark, almost sinister hue; storm clouds stirring up the surf, perhaps. The doctor's pupils are markedly dilated. The smile pulling at thin lips is anything but kind.
The detective freezes. He is frozen. Frozen solid, liquid nitrogen running through his veins.
John almost believes him. He stands, eyeing the genius for long minutes, and shakes his head. "Right. Good to continue?"
, and then the other. He's gratifyingly pleased that Sherlock's groans, one for each hit, have been of lust. "Now, Holmes. Shall we continue, now that the conditions for making amends have been made clear?"
"Still, watching you volley those rapid-fire deductions back and forth
Sherlock's missing the gist of John's question. Point in fact, he's no fucking clue of life in general. He doesn't know. Sherlock doesn't know. He just wants to get laid! Up to snuff? What, precisely, is John
Sucking in a much needed lungful of oxygen, John steps back a few more feet. He's not terribly interested in responding in kind at the moment, even if he were capable of further role-play. His cheeks round, expelling air in a rush. Sherlock's nose wrinkles under the blindfold, hearing his lover's oft-used tell.
Sherlock struggles into an upright and standard position.
The silence is shattered by a cacophony of scattershot slaps. The sound borders on musical, Sherlock's buttocks being played like taut-skinned bongos. Ever the musician, Sherlock assumes lead vocals; his squeaks and squeals impromptu jazz. Their avant-garde jam session concludes in a clattering crescendo as John flings his drum sticks out the door.  There's no sense in adding in a falling hazard, the doctor notes charitably. Sherlock recoils, insensible to John's thoughtfulness.
Sherlock's nonplussed. "A what now?"
would never hurt him...much. Perhaps a slight revision of John's profile is due. Fine. John would never hurt him
"Sherrrrr-lock," John croons. "Snap out of it." He follows up his words with a light slap. "You
"I assume the term "hindquarters" refers to your arse?" John says, deftly fondling both cheeks before giving them a rigorous squeeze.
corporal punishment."
? Love and John? John and love? Could one love such an obnoxious arsehole as he? Abruptly, Sherlock realizes that the kitchen experiment is dreck, fodder for the bin. He spares a few brain cells to delete the experiment. Why piddle on The Work, when there's the sum total of John Hamish Watson to research? Evidently, he's been an idiot.
"Yes, well," the private's feathers slightly ruffled by the slur, "nevertheless, I lay unawares of its presence until you un-pocketed it." Sherlock, keen on using body language, unwittingly folds his arms. "What is unclear here is if it was concealed intentionally to render me complacent. Very unclear. You were born prepared and willing to take on anything; ergo you keep your phone close."
Sherlock whimpers, now truly undone. He thrusts wantonly into the glorious sensation, all but knocking his CO off-balance. "This," he groans, "Right here, I see myself...erh, effecting a tactical manoeuvre...yeah? Sir, it being an endeavour to force you to action."
John snorts and rubs at his nose. It's very possible that he's hiding a smile. "That's all you've got? That's bloody brilliant, mate. Come on, Sherlock, you can do it. Keep going." He bobs his head, mocking encouragement.
"Yes, Captain Watson! Thank you, Sir!"
Sherlock grunts, lost in lust. The picture's so vividly raunchy! The private's cock leaks a puddle of pre-cum between his knees like a faulty tap.
He hears the barely audible brush of the feather landing on the floor. John's sturdy surgeon's fingers anchor onto Sherlock's hips and shove him closer to the middle of the mattress. "Put your feet down and lift your bum." Gratified beyond measure, he quickly does as ordered. John sensibly props his arse up using a bed pillow (his own, of course, Sherlock notes absently, the man is thoughtful that way). "Knees to chest again, thank you." It's easier for Sherlock now, with the pillow; easier access to the important bits, as well.
You're too good to me, darling, my dearest. My John,
the game is up and out of his hands. Like clockwork, John, eventually relents.
sounded pathetic. John's voice lowers an octave in compensation for the gaff. "I'm waiting." Whilst simply stating the obvious, the captain wonders if by doing so he's jinxed himself, for wait he does. Any second now, surely; any time at all, Sherlock, would be good.
The private's mouth shapes a perfect circle. "Oh! Sorry, Sir. I was re-examining the evidence."
In the slight pause between John's huffing breath, sharp slap, and his own rapturous wail, Sherlock smirks.
"Captain Watson," Sherlock sighs reverently, "you've nerves of steel - no, that's an inadequate comparison. You're much better than that, you've nerves of magnesium alloy. You possess the steadiest hands I know, either in active battle or whilst stitching up a wound. Honestly, Sir, I find it gratifying to have your person at my side," he says, full lips quirking, "particularly in the midst of a potentially dicey stake-,
John shifts toe by sweetly chubby rounded toe close close close THERE...to Sherlock's arse. He'd swear he's rupturing a kidney in the strain of skirting his lover's gorgeous arse rather than simply jamming his face between Sherlock's cheeks to take a taste. John blinks and gives himself a mental slap upside the head. Sherlock's fug is making him loopy, he must stay the course. The captain blankets his lover's body with his own, careful to avoid actual contact. He holds perfectly still, eager to be wowed by Sherlock's genius. The man, damn him, says not a thing.
Sherlock's the biggest idiot in London.
His balls wither to the size of desiccated raisins, seeking the dubious protection of his groin. "Sir! Sorry, Sir!"
Sherlock wants to scream. He debates how angry John will be if he tackles him. Oh. Oh! John took it for a test drive! "Ca...ha..." he swallows hard, "Sir. You tried it out."
Investigation concluded, and blood pressure decreasing a healthy 15 points, the detective turns to Number Two. John's hands, oh Lord help him, John's slightly chapped, healer's hands. Left palm and upper wrist wrapped
Sherlock drops to the floor with a clunk. He clasps his hands together, not needing to be prompted. It's not fear that prompts Sherlock to place them over his front side. It's not the traditional arms-behind-your-back stance for being cuffed. His long graceful fingers begin trembling. He jerks, feeling each callused fingertip as it brushes against his aching balls.
Sherlock muses,
"Oi!" John stamps his bare foot, unaware of Sherlock's finding it adorable. "Still with me, you bloody git?"
The word "light" is rather antithetical, for the moment. He'll ponder the lexicon later.
Hot, moist breath tickles Sherlock's earlobe with each soft exhalations of John's desire. The detective holds his own breath, and he waits for it. He waits for it. He waits. Jesus fucking sodding hell, Sherlock waits. He's listening, ears pricked, for the tell-tale, slickery smack of sound that John makes. His John, his dearest John, forever and always licking, and licking again over his lips. Sherlock waits, almost keening when he hears it, the slickery slide of saliva-laden tongue.
His balls lay flush against his groin. They ache, swollen with seminal fluid. John dares not take a look, sure they've gone blue.
is he going to keep still if John teases all his special places? "Am I clear, Private?" The captain switches into serious mode. "State in plain English, Private, are you uncomfortable in any way, or prefer an alternate," John hems in his throat, "physical 'arrangement' before we begin?"
nipple-tweaking, naughty Anthea, and correct deductions.
Now that the first contest has an undisputed champion, they're off and running for the next challenge. It's a formidable test, a final determination to which one of them brandishes the biggest balls. In addition, this game's stakes are exponentially risky. Pun intended, his concession might be a game changer for their partnership.
"That's rich, soldier," John chortles, "and how so? Explain to me, oh wise one, using small words in compensation for my idiocy, how insubordination is a plus? That argument's a bit thick for my taste." He begins pacing, feet punching holes in the floorboards.
The genius waits patiently, or as patiently as possible with his cock whingeing for release. John's an intelligent man, but no genius. "To what end?" the doctor rasps. "I'm...did you forget your safe word, love? Did you - are you afraid I'll do something worse? We can stop right now, I can take those - ", John dithers, feet shuffling for want of a solution.
"You can thank my hellish childhood for that," John interrupts, "I actually wasn't born a boy scout." He frowns. The British so-called "Brotherhood", purportedly designed to teach children life skills frankly gives him the willies.
" A low rumble of laughter escapes Sherlock. "Yes, I believe I do." He pauses, closing his eyes in contemplation. A word that he hardly ever speaks, but should be easy enough to recall in a hurry. "Poodle."
Are you up for a challenge?"
"Quite. A good soldier, a competent soldier, is prepped for action 24/7.  At any moment, any hour..." John ghosts out the warning into his ear. " Any minute," he breathes hot air and wiggles a finger into Sherlock's sensitive cleft, "the enemy might launch an offensive."
pleased. He watches Sherlock sits, knees pressed together, bony arms folded tightly across his chest. His lover is breathing far faster than circumstances warrant. To John, Sherlock resembles a very small boy deflating in front of the headmaster's desk - awaiting corporal punishment via paddle.
"A Safeword is a specific word that we both agree upon, say, and easily recognize, yeah? Ah, see, for when and if one of us gets overwhelmed."
, mind, ruins his experiment. Second, his flatmate is being a high-minded twat about acknowledging said destruction. Third, and most disturbing, is that John is scaring him shitless. Sherlock's bollocks feel shriveled and tight, drawn up so far up in his body that they might as well be diagnosed undescended.
"Oh, come now, soldier. There's no reason to be shy. You know I'm always gagging to watch you be clever." Shit,
The genius swoons, eyelashes fluttering.
he sourly concludes,
Sherlock arches, lost in ecstasy over John's adulation. He'll admit it, he's a praise whore. "Yours." The captain steps away and then back, whereon he feels cool air wafting over his feet. Odd, is John blowing on him?
"Yes, Sir," the detective groans. "I'm up for anything, Sir." Blanching, Sherlock thinks that perhaps he should have explored the ramifications of that particular sentiment before voicing it.
A violent shiver jolts through Sherlock's system.
Apparently the Mus musculus so recently in residence have moved on to greener pastures. Hudders will be so pleased. He's wishing the little vermin had remained, nibbling on the newspapers and leaving their tiny dried pellets like a calling card. The hush, the hush is unnerving. Mrs. Turner upstairs has either been stabbed, strangled in her bed, or gone out. The people of Baker St. have gone to ground. Radio silence. Sherlock wants to scream, wants to throw himself to his stomach, kick his size 11 feet and pound his fists.
Sherlock makes a discovery. Crappy summary, right? Sorry, I'm feeling lazy. As such, I also kind of threw this chapter together in roughly two hours whilst suffering through a bout of insomnia. Be warned, it wasn't proofread for typos or logical progression. My apologies to you, if it's lacking in coherence.
The genius plays it safe and wipes his lips.
The genius catches a flapping noise, a bird taking flight...then a soft susurrus of touchdown.
"Pardon, Holmes? I
Phone. Lubricant. Phone. Lubricant. Plastic-sealed - Sherlock's knees buckle for real this time, so dizzy is he with desire.
"Cut it out," John smirks. "We both know that you're a right clever bastard. Stop pretending you've not deduced 'In what context' your consent is required."
He's abashed. He's appalled. He's aroused past the point of endurance. Squidgy lines of pre-cum ooze out beneath his foreskin. His cock is slick, completely wet; it's a wildly heady sensation. Sherlock reels, then takes a cleansing breathe. He holds it in, hoping to flood his brain with oxygen. The tactic works, or it would have if his ears hadn't caught it. He hears the distinct patter of liquid droplets striking a solid surface. Sherlock reddens, face hot. He twigs that he's dribbling, dripping, really. His pre-cum is likely soaking their duvet.
John's penis is throbbing, pulse painfully pounding in his cock. He's turned feral, wild with the compulsion to mount his lover and
He'd be defenceless, and well...blind to the captain's mercurial whims. He'd stand - or lay - or kneel -
"Oh, soldier, tsk, tsk."
Watson grunts an affirmative. Sherlock extends his appreciation to what's basically a mixed bag of false deities. The detective
"My apologies, Private. My actions were unbecoming of an officer. Give...give me a moment," John swallows, "to gather my wits." The flat is filled with the sound of desperate gasps of the two men slowly losing their minds. Sherlock can't catch his breath to satisfy his body's requirements. He's suffocating, held low under the weight of John's need.
"...something something something...the design quality of this specific flip-top cap.... metal tube...the  safety seal has been previously compromised as it's approximately 10 ml shy of gel capacity."
AUTHOR WARNING - if you are here strictly because it's porn read the first two chapters for context and then proceed directly to chapter 19. Whilst there is plenty of D/s sex play (tickling in chapter 12) between chapter 3 - 18 there's also a fuck tonne of verbal banter. Orgasms don't occur before 19. Just sayin'. My kudos count seems somewhat lacking and I wonder if it's because I'm stupidly long-winded.
The rectilinear room has two methods of ingress via doorway, the space wasteless as a bunker. Nevertheless, there's worse to contend with, such as Mrs. Hudson's ancient table, the surface of which is completely eclipsed by beakers. The sheer quantity of glass is inconvenient in and of itself, but also eight of the fragile vessels hold stock acid solutions. He's been careless and sloppy in his procedure with the thumb experiment, but who knew?
It's time he stop whinging and form a clever strategy.
The detective whimpers, he can't help it. John is being so, oh how does Molly put it, a BAMF? Yes. John is behaving like a BAMF, and he, Sherlock, is not. Sherlock groans, and makes one further deduction. He wants it. He wants John to take charge. His cock is pressing rock hard against his pants, so full of blood that it actually hurts.
John should be ashamed, he really should. Despite his better nature, he does not. He feels clever and enlightened, catching a glimpse of something hidden up 'til now. His, brilliant narcissistic lover has wilted, a naughty child being scolded for rude behaviour. John supposes it's what people deem a guilty pleasure. He's getting off watching Sherlock submit. It's kind of...cute, really. John grows impossibly harder.
He's distracted from this thought by a riotous chattering of activity. Curious, Sherlock flicks his gaze up towards the racket. A slight error in judgement perhaps, face buffeted by a deluge of...something. It's a swarm, 4.2 by 3.4 inch photographs. How very apropos. The photos rain on him like painful pointy-cornered missiles. Polaroids. Why did they have to be Polaroids? He's in a one-man lethal ticker tape parade.
(See the end of the chapter for
posses a exemplary behind.
"Gaaahhhhh...."
Satisfied with what he sees, the doctor huffs in relief. Perspiration, not tears, going by the odor. John decides to stay where he is, nose-to-nose. He's waited a fucking long time to please his genius. "You're forgiven, Private Holmes," John murmurs against Sherlock's neck. "You've done well. I'm very pleased." Sherlock's eyes flutter blissfully, so charmed is he by the compliment. Pleasing John is all that Sherlock wants at this moment. He wiggles like a poncy perverted shih tzu gagging to hump John's leg.
...penetration...of said seal transpired at an interval earlier this week. Yes, done at least two days ago; your surgery being woefully understaffed. I blame the NHS. This, in concert with the attendance of the phone, is significant. But, Private
John, Christ! Oh, fu..." He squirms and barely keeps from exploding off the bed from a sudden plethora of sensation. "John, John
Also, mea culpa for the obscene length of time since my last update. I have struggled with a bizarre number of covid-19 symptoms for the last three months. How is it even scientifically possible to test negative after proven positive and still be affected? Two to three weeks, my ass!
John beat Sherlock to the point of leaving fingermarks. It leaves a sour taste in his mouth.
John bumps up and into Sherlock, gently navigating him back till his legs brace against the mattress. Sherlock cries out as he teeters, John borrowing his momentum to press his lover down to a sit. Sherlock's complicit vulnerability is sweet and strangely compelling. The man doesn't trust easily, if at all. Still, here he sits; blind, naked, and compliant at John's bidding.
"Sherlock, stop," John says, pulling away from those kiss-swollen lips with regret. "Stop it now. Keep your body still for me and open up your ears. I have something to say."
"Jesus," John drops his head, thumb and forefinger pressing a dent between his eyebrows "At some point it ought have been appropriate to clue me in, yeah? This is bloody embarrassing!" He shakes his head morosely and chews his lip. Suddenly, John's eyes pop wide. He looks askance at Sherlock. "You're taking the piss to distract me. This definitely feels like a distraction."
The genius tilts his head to both sides instinctively, zeroing in on his blogger. John's morphed from powerful dom into, he can't say what, exactly. Sherlock muses, reviewing his mental recording of events. To his annoyance, he finds a 32.3 second time frame which is blank, memory whited out.
"This is it? Let me help you out, you poor dear." John skips to his chest of drawers, an atrocity of design. John skips. He sodding skips. "Here you go, Private," he coos. "Now pay attention."
bow chicka WOW wow...
Captain Watson flaps his hands, "Move it, soldier. I've brought lubricant for the occasion. And indeed, I pocketed my phone after getting dressed. Can't seem to live without it, lately, what with clients ringing at all hours
John. And thanks to an eidetic memory, the flat's configuration is mapped in real time. Sherlock muffles a moan in his damp armpit, the thought of capturing his sweet Captain intoxicating.
"I'll not ask again, Holmes!" the captain barks. "What. Do. You. See? Be specific. Be accurate. Be obscene!"
Sherlock blanches.
John slaps one cheek,
Small sounds are large sounds when it's silent. A snick, nay, a click; a flip-top cap being popping open. It's domestic, intimate, one personal to the flat, and..
John's eyes widen,
"Is that so, Private. I am conducting this inquiry due to the multiple infractions you've committed whilst on base. Your typical interactions with personnel point to an insufferable lack of respect. This is upsetting to your bunk-mate, but more appallingly, for the generous proprietor of our encampment.
Oh...oh, that's obviously the sound of John's Otterbox phone case against denim. The doctor's phone must have been in his rear pocket. Well, so far so pedestrian. John is in possession of surgical-grade lubricant and his Iphone. Excellent. Nothing to fear here. Except - for what purpose has John obtained his phone?
John," he slips up, unawares, "you're abso-bloody-lutely marvelous!"
The bedroom. "Oh!" Sherlock laughs, "Oh, my Captain, my John," desire thickening his laugh to a low chortle. "Well played, Sir." He'd all but laid his king at John's feet, but he'd be damned to hell before he'd resign.
"I find this inquiry dull." Yes, John's definitely in the kitchen. It's obvious from the - "I'd do better drafting next month's duty roster."
The pain snaps the detective out of his delicious, lust-filled haze. He jerks back in blank shock with a grunt. This isn't how things normally go. Even more distressing than John's behavior is that John is not letting go. Point of fact, he's tightening his hold and is ferociously
"Feel free to discuss her activities with my brother, it's fascinating material."
Cut the cackle, Sherlock does NOT have a foot fetish; how dare one  suggest such a thing. Sex kinks are deviant and unpalatable and repugnant. It's simply common knowledge, like that pengwings inhabit the Amazon. Besides, Sherlock only sucks, nibbles and laves on John's feet when physically forced into doing so, say, when John's toes his socks off in bed.
"Something." *
Without warning the Polaroids take to the air in a rush of tornado-like fervor. They stick to the screen one by one, a rough outline of recent events.
toes, fleshy
"Great-Aunt Mildred on my mother's side. Wrinkled old bat. She smelled hideous, emanating an odor akin to stewed prunes. My aunt owned two of the puling, rat-faced curs. They were disgusting creatures, feces-brown in hue, and constantly yapping up a storm. Their plaque-encrusted teeth jutted out from their foul muzzles like razors, with which they sharpened on my ankles. Over-bred and over-fed as my brother," Sherlock smirks. "So as you see, for myself, the word 'poodle' is an uncomplicated connotation for unpleasantness; and facile to recall. And I now so pledge to you, dear John, a word that will never cross my lips again bar for the strict purpose of functioning as my safeword." The genius grins a shit eating grin. "Is it a satisfactory choice for my Captain, my most highly prized and honourable, conductor of light?"
"Ah. Er, thank you, Sir. For myself, my story is strictly nonfiction. Captain Watson, as a young person, years before settling on a career, I found decency a rare trait among men. My opinion hasn't changed since achieving manhood," Sherlock breaks off. "A disappointment, obviously enough, but no tragedy. Homo Sapiens' corrupt nature is inbred. Look at me, I'm pants at self-control. I expect that I've inherited that from my father. He was wont to stray - "
"Shall I describe what you look like, Private Holmes, being as your vision has been...compromised?"
The doctor indeed sounds a bit queasy, and for that Sherlock nearly - but not quite - feels empathetic. He sniffs, and feigning deep though, purses his lips. Actually, Sherlock is indulging in a fantasy whereby Captain Watson shunts the private to his knees to choke on cock.
"Sherlock," John says coolly, "Come sit down." His eyes flicker to Sherlock's chair, then back up at His (bloody gorgeous) Nibs. "Come on, Sherlock, come over here...I won't bite. I promise."
John's stance approaches militant. He swells, colossal, face austere with authority. His normally frumpy fare is gone, exchanged for khaki camouflage fatigues. Chin up, chest out, shoulders back, stomach in, eyes flashing, fierce, strong and sinewy, taut with previously disguised muscle.
"Yes,
"Oh, gaahhhhd. Sherlock, please tell me you're having me on."
"Well then, explain this slip into insanity!" Sherlock snarls, trying like hell to save face. He spits out a bitter string of insulting invective, not pausing for breath or proper punctuation. "John! This experiment was a crucial determinant to aid in the identification of the unique molecular structure of an until-now unrecognized lethal foot fungus with only one single inadequate skin sample which I was forced to collect during Molly's lunch break because she's
"He had some very interesting things to say, Sherlock. Very helpful things, including the short list of possible anonymous sources!"
It's singing will obscure other sounds. Also, going by the chirping's muffled quality, it's staked claim on his shower cap as a bolt hole.
Through dint of will and tapping into three years of military discipline John pulls his gaze off Sherlock's erection.
John groans. "No, thank you very much. How did that shite get in the Guardian?" He flops down, rampage over. "Harry had a grand laugh at my expense, as did
"Mmm, no. No, I won't tell you per se, at least with words," John's grin is wicked, knife-sharp. "I plan to communicate via body language, luv. You're a detective, broadly speaking," he winks cheekily. Seriously. He actually winks! "Deduce it, Sherlock. Deduce what I want," John sweeps his pink tongue across his lips, "and more to the point, what I need." John's eyes melt again, global warming in a nutshell. "Sherlock, my darling," his smile thins, all pointed teeth and sharp intention. "Do it now. On your knees!"
Sherlock gnaws his lower lip, concerned.
As his well-deserved punishment intensifies, the detective mewls high in his throat. He's growing desperate; his stiffly tumescent penis craving friction, craving touch - itching for anything other than this woeful, madding neglect. Point of fact, Sherlock's manly bits are frantic, engorged to the point of discomfort.
"I'm doing exactly what I should've done the moment I moved in. I'm asserting control over my life." The little man grins in an unfriendly way, an odd gleam reflecting in his eyes. It's more than a little bit not good. "And now, darling man, I'm asserting control over you." Giving another vicious tweak to his lover's red hot earlobe, John surges in for a kiss.
, right fucking now, and assess his precious Sherlock for signs of anxiety or discomfort.
The detective winces, reaching back. He plucks a photo from the collar of his shirt.
frightened, so much so that he won't say so for fear of repercussions? John blanching, assessing his partner. The man is naked, shackled, blind-folded, on his knees, and arse up. Sherlock's in a legitimately vulnerable situation. Fuck, it's so obvious, now that he's looking and not leering. Sherlock is fearful of more biting, or something worse. That creepy riding crop is right here in the sitting room, halfway jammed under the desk. Then, there's that smelly, messy, dusty lung-clogging experiment Sherlock's got with rope. Sherlock's been testing the tensile strength of rope when they've been exposed to heat and/or the debilitating UV rays in sunlight. John had no clue that such a variety of rope stuffs existed until stacked rolls, boxes, and tangled mountains of coiled rope appeared courtesy of FedEx. They created a fucking legitimate fire hazard, as well as a bloody inconvenience when needing the loo. Irregardless, reams and reams of cordage lay primed and ready, in easy reach for a casual garroting.
It's half eleven in the morning.
Sherlock forces himself to hold still, despite the bright bolts of ecstasy searing up his cock, and 11.325 pints of blood sizzling in his veins. He's putty in John's hands. The Captain's command is perfect. Unconditional. Bloody marvelous.
Sherlock's keening sends his captain groaning in reply. "Private Holmes, you taste luscious," the CO snarls, "On my mark, soldier, let the games begin."
Ha. Let's see how that works out.
Private Holmes wiggles in place. "Naturally, Captain." He wiggles some more, which does interesting things to John's ego. "Yes."
Sherlock catches it instinctively, peering down at his palm. "Are these..."
"What do you want, Captain?" The private's gone nasal, a bit like Anderson. "Do have the courtesy to indulge my curiosity
Sherlock's mouth goes bone-dry. "Wireless vibrator, Sir. Or butt-plug. Either way, it's the one logical conclusion I can muster."
with a length of black ribbon. The detective can tell, without touching, that the pile is thick and luxurious. It's made of velvet. Some types of velvet are stiff, dry to the touch. This material is pliant, soft and silky as a clean baby's bottom.
he snorts, fuming; scraping detritus off his tongue with his shoulder.
Well, then. Plainly, John isn't yielding, and his obscenely jutting penis is a obvious white flag, tangled as it may be in his boxers. One can't win an event if ignorant of the rules. Sherlock huffs and drops his head in defeat.
Sherlock's cock grows six inches longer. "Yes, Captain! Right away, Captain!" He gets to work. It takes thirty-three seconds, all told. The length of time it took to discard his kit at top speed was twenty-one point zero-two seconds. Sherlock knew this from past experience, once suffering a nasty hydrochloric spill in the kitchen. John hadn't been there, so the fact of this was entirely Sherlock's secret. He'd never bothered to explain the withered lino, and John hadn't bothered to ask.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock. Fuck, if you could see my face, what you're doing to me right now."
"Oi! I fancy spontaneity as much as the next bloke," John gripes, much affronted. "I am not some forty-something fuddy-duddy, thank you very much. It was your bastard of a brother's planting thirteen hidden cameras - mind, in the sitting room alone - that puts me off. Bloody perverted move for a stuffed shirt, yeah? Blame your brother, not my libido."
Holmes does his damnedest not to shiver. He shivers anyway, damn his transport, body fairly quivering with lust, muscles trembling. Sherlock's barely holding back from flat-out pathetically begging to be fucked. But no, no he won't. Sherlock fancies being John's good little (obedient) soldier. "As for my hindquarters, Captain Watson..."
John reads Sherlock's overwhelming hunger in his shivery quivering body. The captain smiles. It's not a very nice smile, as these things go.
know what I need?"
"Private?" Captain Watson moves in close. He recognises when Sherlock's twigged to a clue. "Any new theories?" John's voice wobbles unsteadily, painfully erect penis too much to take.
a genius, after all. He believes in covering all his bases.
Hard, goosey bumps now pebble his skin, one gilded filament of hair crowning each nodule. Apparently, Sherlock muses, even his sparse vellus hair is aroused.
"Of all the..." Sherlock's ranting falls off into silence. His behavior shifts from demanding to deductive. The genius tilts his long neck to the left, considering. "Hold the phone," Sherlock huffs. "Why are you acting this way? This isn't normal behavior for you. Your Roman Catholic upbringing prohibits such churlish behavior...being forever condemned to Hell, and such nonsense."
John blinks, somewhat taken aback.
Sherlock startles with a yip, as fresh pain sears the back of his thighs. John's fine-tuning his technique, knowing full well how to play Sherlock's body. The Captain swats his legs until a thick stripe of red paints the taut muscle. The sting feels maliciously delicious, a devastatingly pleasurable flash fire.
"On to the lubricant, punctured tamper-proof seal. Curious, as the...
"Yes. Mine," the captain grins. "Mine to do with as I please." The smile turns deeper and mischievous. He waits, tool in hand, slowly undulating one arm above his lover. Instead of the preparatory squishing of lube Sherlock expects, the room stays quiet. The one difference from before is moving air.
Something".
Sherlock can't help it. His cock jerks to attention, apparently undeterred by John's unexpected punishment. He knows his brain is seizing up, confused by the barrage of mixed signals. Hot wet tongue, pulsing cock, and sharp pain, such a strange combination. It's not something he's used to. "John," he gasps after what feels like hours of breathless snogging, "What? I don't -
"Jo - Captain," Holmes wavers, on his last legs. His legs wobble as if to make the point. Sherlock's not clear on how much more discipline he can stomach. "Forgive my presumption, Sir. Have I...uhm...
blowing smoke up your arse." Despite being bound in four generous inches of velvet, John can tell his lover's cheeks are bright red. Something big's happening in that genius brain of Sherlock's to provoke such a visceral response. What exactly that "something" is remains a mystery.
John's metamorphosis points to one simple truth, and one only. Captain John Hamish Watson is preparing for out-and-out war with his lover.
Double Attack: An attack one or more than one of your opponent's pieces using only one move
"My deductions were spot on. That's not me bragging, Sir, just a fact. Within twenty-four hours of our meeting, you'd saved my life. You protected an unknown number of civilians from the murderer, despite the risk of serious repercussions. Fortunately, Lestrade's an idiot. He never did suss you out as the shooter."
Impossibly high-pitched giggles peal from the captain, puerile as a tin pot dictator "My, my, such a dire possibility, Private. Poor sod," he commiserates, clicking his tongue, "shame, that. I'm terribly fond of your bollocks."
, John beams, chuffed, his position perfect, saving hands resting on his groin and the continuous gnawing of his bottom lip. Sherlock is adorable when at a loss, excepting murder investigations. John wisely keeps the notion to himself.
Faced with dead air, Sherlock scrambles to deduce the likeliest motive for John's silence. Yet, the situation's too weird, and John's intentions too nebulous to postulate. The genius tells himself that he's probably fucked. There's nothing for it but to continue. He much prefers the flat full of sound. "The effrontery on my part was unintentional, Captain, Sir. Captain," Christ, but he's dithering. "I've only been in the company one day, Sir, still wet behind the ears, Sir, inexperienced. In point of fact," his voice lightens, "being so green might lean in your favour."
"Of course you're to meant to, you ninny," John yanks at him playfully. "Not for long, though," he adds, "it's merely the first step. I've a full dossier on what you like. Prepare yourself, baby, to partake of all of them."
you think to mention it. Probably just what Anthea needs to get her jollies, an unobstructed view of your arse."
"I'm here, baby," John croons. The captain caresses Sherlock's flushed cheeks, sweeping sweaty clumps of fringe from his brow. "I'm here, and I'm going to take care of you." He sighs, weary of role playing but minded to carry it through. "I'm so pleased with your performance, Private. Well done."
Having said that, if I hold off on posting until I have a decent-length chapter I would update once a year. Hopefully, you'll put up with short but more frequent postings. *right eye joins the action, leaving author looking like a loon*
John is well-pleased. He doesn't know that his face shows it. The doctor's too busy  feasting his eyes on the dithering detective, and it's marvelous. Holmes is deliciously defenceless and he knows it, hence the dithering. John's ears ring in the quiet, clear evidence of the genius's brain on full boil. It's too much, and John's gone desperate. He's practically gagging for a taste of his lover's milky, salt-laden skin. John's inner captain clears his throat and orders his libido to stand down. Captain Watson can wait, he's been trained. Besides, it's treat enough contemplating Sherlock's fat dripping cock, bobbing back and forth whilst slapping against his belly. Captain Watson's eyes crinkle, basking in his indomitable self-discipline. Little John Hamish, on the other hand, relishes the payback.
Pin:an attack on a vulnerable piece
is so horrid about his favourite dressing gown? It's not at all a peacock blue! It's clearly cerulean, as anyone with taste would surely gather.
"Shut it, you," John groans, panting. "Oh,
"Sherlock," John says calmly. "If you feel we must talk, at least do me the courtesy of not shouting over my shoulder. Come sit down. And, bring me a new biro whilst you're at it. This one's a bit of a dud."
"I have much to learn, Sir, from such a self-effacing man as yourself. I believe that's the key intelligence of my report," the private admits deferentially. After a disheartening lull, Sherlock feels compelled to witter on. "Captain, might I offer the data upon which I've developed my theory?"
The smaller man's face blazes a mottled red. "A
Sherlock waits. And, he waits. Good Christ, how he waits, chewing on his tongue. As luck would have it, sinking spirits abort his usual sense of boredom.
Today is not that day.
Labeling Sherlock as a "Control Junkie" is fundamentally, a very bad idea; inappropriate, as well...
PWP. This summary's basically the whole plot in a nutshell; love, unquestioning and overwhelming trust, submission by consent, an obligatory dash of guilt and angst (and least but not last, two mind-blowing orgasms in the next chapter. Yeah, I know this is what you're all waiting for, and smut cometh nigh. I still need to go start on dinner).
"Why yes, Private, yes you did," John spits, sounding venomous. "You are undeniably taking the piss, soldier. Enough with the simpering. I don't like it. In point of fact, your pathetically scripted sweet-talk is making me very,
John introduces Sherlock to a new way of thinking.
, not that you were listening, that I've finally found your kryptonite. Be advised, dear heart, that I intend on using it from now on."
"Private?" Captain W. snaps, nails clawing at that sinfully plump, gorgeous arse. He sinks his fingers down into Sherlock's moist crack, applying a small amount of force, as per usual. The detective's arse crack is pressed so tight between his cheeks that it could probably hold a hardback Collin's Dictionary. This time the private anticipates pain. He holds his position, keen on pleasing the captain.
"Not on you?" Sherlock wavers, then makes it a statement. "Not on you."
He can't help it. Private Holmes lets fly a snort. "Oh, I see," the captain snarls wolfishly, "you think its funny. No, you think
There's John's stance is radiating danger. He's a devil in disguise. The man's a former soldier, primed for giving orders. He still, still has bad days, however infrequent they might be. Sherlock shakes his head, trying to clear the fog of desire clouding his thoughts. Whatever machinations his flatmate has on his docket, they begin with sensory deprivation and some rather serious bondage. Sherlock feels rather a fool. Why hadn't he seen this one coming?
Sherlock's head now cocks to the right, at a precise 35° angle. Stress-induced sweat has dampened his hair, soft curls twisting into dreadlocks. Limp chestnut fringe drapes alluringly over one eye. "Curious. Even if your formative years weren't a strong enough influence on etiquette, three years in the army have certainly defined your sense of social decorum. What," his eyes squint even tighter, "in God's name is going on?"
"Ta very much, love," John practically sings out.
Sherlock lifts his nose and shuts his eyes, blindfold insignificant and thus deleted. He'll smell John out. First, Sherlock completely empties his lungs to draw vast quantities of air through his beak. Blast, but the sample's stale and unforgiving. A pesky plague of dust sticks to his nose hair, leaving his nostrils feeling clogged and crispy dry. It's uncomfortable, and Sherlock commands his transport not to sneeze. Data flows to his brain's limbic system. Useless data. Sherlock cringes, vowing to hoover more often, or crack a window.
Sherlock thunked to his knees, hands clasped in front of his groin. He couldn't help it. He pressed them to his cock.
An imaginary twinge of pain stings the flesh of Sherlock's earlobe.
. Bloody hell, John! Did you purposefully aim for my testicles?
He calculates the insect's leg length based on pitch and tonal resonance to pass the time. It's gone two minutes twenty, and his waiting lark has come to fuck-all fruition. Sherlock's... erm...Private Holmes' patience comes to naught.
power. John's power is feeding his soul.
His partner, whilst no athlete, is able-bodied and healthy. Sherlock hares through London with the ease of a cheetah hunting a gazelle. John tots up the numbers and is troubled.
"Have I made myself clear? I'd hate to come across as obtuse." Evil sentiments keep pouring out John's mouth. The detective gasps, mind truly blown. It's hard to catch his breath in this position.
Sherlock goggles, open-mouthed. Satisfied, John settles, straddling his man with a sigh. The doctor giggles, utterly chuffed by Sherlock's stupefied expression. John's own face is stretched wide, mouth sporting a shit-eating grin. Whilst Sherlock usually (and very privately) relishes those sly, sardonic lip-twisting smirks, it's disconcerting when John's subtle ridicule is aimed at
Is that a possible diagnosis, for a body part? Not very scientific, that; humanizing a disparate organ.
The couple hangs in equilibrium, melting into one congealed blob of pacified man-flesh. Despite the mess, Sherlock and John doze. They sleep for hours.
And, I'm not done posting for the night! Give me another hour and I'll post again. I get paranoid that I'll accidentally delete a chapter if I mess around with it too long.
Private Holmes immediately senses the change in their environs, in his lover. A rush of warm air touches his neck and upper chest. It reeks of mint, no, more than that. It smells of John. Sherlock smells John's skin, his shampoo. He smells the distinct pungent musk of John when overly emotional. The tall man's tongue pokes snakelike past his lips to flick the air. He wants to taste John, needs to taste John, to savour the ripe earthy flavour of his groin. Sherlock's overheated skin smoulders at their fresh juxtaposition. The doctor exudes more heat than Mrs. Hudson's furnace. Sherlock often wonders how John survived Afghanistan's climate. Very well, he imagines, John Watson is the strongest man he knows.
“John?”
“You need fuel to help heal and I’m not bringing it to you.”
A few meters ahead, John sees one of his men hunkered behind the Jeep, his arm wrapped around his middle. His uniform has a slowly growing dark stain on the abdomen, his head lolled onto his chest, unconscious.
John sighs. “He…” John looks up at Aziraphale and sees only earnestness in his face. “He’s amazing. Much too good for me. I-I’ve hurt him more times than I can count and he’s forgiven me for so much more than I would have expected him to, and…I just feel as if he doesn’t deserve me, that he should have someone better than me.”
The air between them is palpable in its tension. Unable to stand a silent Sherlock for too long, John finally speaks. "I'm actually glad that Mary's gone," he admits, staring at the wall of the hallway opposite him.
He wrestles the thief into submission, forcing his head down on the pavement. He hears a decidedly audible
John huffs, a small smile tugging at his lips. “I guess you could say that.”
John snatches it out of his hands and snubs it on the windowsill. Sherlock doesn’t look at him, just continues to move his hand over the lower half of his face.
John's hand begins to cramp. Why is it doing that? Oh. He's still clutching his mobile. The position straining on his muscles and ligaments after the extended period of time.
By this time, John has finished while Sherlock hasn’t even touched his spoon. John stares.
“Nope, I’m not having any of this today.” John pulls on Sherlock’s shoulder to flip him onto his back. “I still need to get ready for work while I figure out what to do with you. Up you get.”
His eyes are closed, his lips parted. His hair has dried into a ridiculous bedhead that John can’t help smiling at.
The next night, John finds himself shooting upright in bed and panting, the lingering feeling of terror not ebbing with wakefulness.
“Oh, er, just my sister. Harry.”
“Marginally.”
He feels a gentler pressure at his other shoulder and hears a distant, “Oh, my god. Watson? Watson! Can you hear me?” in Murray’s voice.
John grips Sherlock’s hand and pushes his other under Sherlock’s shoulder, heaving him upright. Sherlock lets John take his entire weight, and he doesn’t like what that might mean. Trembles wrack Sherlock’s frame that John can feel down to his toes.
John reaches for a towel and drapes it over Sherlock’s head, patting his hair dry.
Maybe...maybe he smoked the whole pack that John still hadn’t been able to find and went out to buy some more.
“Er-”
John closes his eyes and takes a deep breath. He holds it for a moment before slowly letting it out, willing his heart to slow. When he opens his eyes, he sees Mike’s concerned eyes looking at him.
“I’m sorry,” John says.
These are more of a grey, flat and muted. Blonde hair frames her face as she lights up in unexpected joy.
John moves his ministrations along Sherlock’s spine, digging his thumbs into the valleys along its edge and running them downward. He can count Sherlock’s vertebrae.
It’s only when John sees the gaudy, glowing sign pointing toward the laundromat does he remember that he’s supposed to clean Sherlock’s clothes for him.
“Oh, of course,” Sherlock mutters, shaking his head. “I’ve been so slow, it should’ve been obvious.”
“John! What a wonderful name!” and he looks genuinely pleased.
John smiles at his friend, glad for the distraction.
oh my god, I am
Sherlock barely opens his mouth before snapping it back closed.
John desperately wants to kiss it.
Sherlock puts his hands on John’s back, lightly tugging, and John raises a hand to cup Sherlock’s cheek.
“Why?”
Sherlock’s eyes are still closed, his breathing even, his head turned slightly toward John.
“Listen,” and Crowley leans between him and Aziraphale, startlingly close to John’s face. “He loves
He can feel his body yearning for sleep. He has exhausted his energy by simply being awake.
Almost hesitantly, Sherlock glances around at his surroundings and sits in the equally uncomfortable chair at John's side.
Sherlock looks like he wants to say more, but he all he says is, “Japanese.”
John pauses when he reaches Sherlock’s waistband, his breath hot and ghosting over the prominent bulge in them. He glances up, meeting Sherlock’s eyes.
But something in his gut tells him that’s not the case.
Looking out into the seating area of the café, John sees that it's completely empty save for crumbs and the cups customers didn’t throw away. “What time is it?”
John’s feet move automatically, carrying him towards his bedsit without thought, letting his mind run amok as it wishes.
John looks at him. Sherlock strategically avoids his eye, looking off into the middle distance.
“No,” Sherlock complains as he tries to bring the duvet to cover himself completely.
They lapse into silence after that, punctuated by the tap of John’s chopsticks and Sherlock’s slurping. It’s not nearly as awkward as the night before, but John latches onto something Sherlock said to dispill the quiet.
“I hate you.”
He changes into a jumper and returns to find Sherlock with one hand roaming over his jaw, the other dangling the cigarette.
John doesn’t respond, only turns his arm back over and runs his hands from wrist to elbow in one long, hard line.
He thinks he’s asleep until Sherlock’s voice, rough and soft like corduroy, speaks.
He pushes the greasy hair back away from the man’s forehead, feeling a slight shiver underneath his hand. He disinfects the deeper cut on his forehead, covers it with antibiotic ointment, and protects it with the bandage. The smaller cuts on the stranger’s cheek don’t require such rigorous treatment, so John simply cleans them of any small bits of pavement and leaves them be.
