Ellie spoke up, "Dickie, get the door please." She asked sweetly.
From their viewpoint, the moon’s reflection on the surface of the water was breathtaking. Steve also saw the soft glow of dawn’s early light just on the edge of the water over the horizon turning the sky a brilliant array of oranges and violets.
In a highly secure underground compound deep in the heart of a restless city a young woman meandered through out empty, dusty halls. She was going over the plan on how to defect from that disgusting fat man in charge. After they took down Stark, of course.
When Steve finally was well enough to be out and about Bucky made sure to take him everywhere to experience as many new and different things they could think of. He was fully aware of the horrible reality that the next time Steve got sick could be his last. So Bucky knew truly better than anybody else that locking Steve way, limiting his movements was one of the cruelest things his team could do to him. Even more so now.
Steve was not in the process of analyzing her expression. He was taking in the more disconcerting details like the messiness of her copper hair and the disheveled state of her clothing. How her blouse was miss buttoned and she was padding away barefoot carrying her pumps.
"Look, you're down, you're not fighting anymore. But you're not out. If I cover you, do you have the capacity to take control of them? We can't fight them all, we can't, that's a fact."
“I knew that wasn’t going to happen this time. Before, I was alone. Now, I have Tony and the others. I wasn’t going to let you fall. No matter what.”
He had forgotten who the real enemy was. Calamity’s triumphant sneer as she watched him beg and plead for her to return Steve to him will forever mock and haunt him. He had realized then and there what Calamity truly meant when she said Steve needed to feel more pain. They all had been foolish enough to play right into her hand. He will never forget the things that had transpired by the docks.
“You always forget things when you get sick. Mama said you were getting better and that you haven’t been sick for a while. I… I was hoping you were really better.” She said sadly.
“Hey, hey look at me!”
“Why don’t you just take me like you did the others? Why wait?” Steve demanded.
“Whatever you do, do not let them touch you!” The Captain ordered as he quickly destroyed them with his shield.
He groaned internally before kneeling down to the floor.
Steve shook his head unconvinced.  Tony grabbed him and made and look him in the eye.
"Whoa, easy there, Cap!" He said. "Okay one: language and two: you can see me? Well, I mean of course you can see me, but that's not supposed to be-"
‘This does not look like behaving.’ He thought with exasperation.
Steve felt a small pressure on his lips.
He quickly tested his mobility then proceeded to rocket himself to the Rhododendron. The villainous bunny emitted a piercing scream until Iron Man plowed him into the earth. Tony stood up shakingly and slowly, lifting off of the Rhododendron’s unconscious form. He bailed out of the suit and fell to the ground again on his hands and knees then began to vomit.
When he finally made it to the doorway he was thrown through a loop.
“Oh? Am I?” He asked as he sat down next to Steve.
Tony shifted Steve in his arms so that he was carrying him bridal style. The Captain groaned painfully at the movement.
Everyone working together began to pull Tony, Steve and Bucky away from the black hole of death. Unfortunately, it wasn’t enough. The black hole was expanding and growing ever larger and it’s vicious suction ever stronger.
I did not know who I was, where I was, or why I was for that matter. All I knew was that I was. And for a time that was enough for me.
Oh yeah, he was supposed to find something to eat before Barnes snuck up on him.
'Tony.' He thought reverently. Another piece of this incredible puzzle solved.
"You here to pick up Peggy's order?" She asked.
Like a shockwave the Hulk suddenly the appeared with a roar of anguish.
Steve realized his own face must have matched the one Ellie wore not a moment ago considering the smug look of satisfaction she now displayed.
He was just on the other side of the containment field, sans suit. Tony could barely make out what he was saying but it seemed to be something of a warning about what the Rhododendron is capable of. Too late now.
Calamity’s face contorted into a feral grin.
If the army got involved there would be no one left to save by the time the third team finally arrived.  It was now or never.  He braced himself and struggled to his feet.  He groaned and gritted his teeth, each step was a slice of hell but he continued.
How was the answer not simple before?
Tony moaned in derision inwardly. He stood unsteadily and headed to the door.
“Are you trying to be reassuring?” He asked, because this guy is clearly full of surprises.
"You were saying that the doctor said the baby really wants to see us." She replied. "Are you sure you're okay?" She asked again.
Save one: Bucky wasn’t here to see it.
“I’ve located the Winter Soldier.”
'I can't be too late!'
Xavier continued,
"Yes, I recall. Do you recall that should you get that far, Steve will still belong to me permanently? He will never exist in your life again. Will you be able to undertake that burden?"
“Of course, Sir. And to answer your other question, Mr. Barnes, Lego is derived from the Danish phrase leg godt, which means ‘play well.’ Also, Lego is loosely interpreted as ‘I assemble’ in Latin. It is a clever play on words for the name of a toy manufacturing company, the Lego Group, that subsequently create small interlocking plastic bricks known the world over as Legos. The small interlocking plastic bricks are what Mr. Stark is referring.” Jarvis explained displaying hollow images of the small interlocking bricks.
He continued, “I remember the Valkyrie for sure.”
"So what are you waiting for?" He asked.
"Well, there might be a way." She said thoughtfully. "I can at the very least show him to you. You won't be able to communicate with him, mind you. Come this way." She fluttered over his shoulder and pointed the way to go. "There is a spring there. Look upon its glistening surface and you will see him as he is now."
“Oh, boohoo Princess, you’re so full of shit!”
Tony snapped his head up to Wanda. “You told!” He cried accusatory.
The creator of clumsy machines stopped just as his mouth was about to formulate a particularly nasty curse. He waved Dumm-E away and gave his partial attention to the Captain once more.
“You useless piece of shit!! You are mine! You belong to me! Kill him already!” Harker screamed out desperately as he threw a gun to Bucky.
“I’m glad it’s you and not me.” Barton remarked dryly.
“Oof!” The air was knocked out of him and it took him a moment to remember how to breathe properly.
Then the man looked up at Steve suddenly in realization.
The Captain entered the specialized meeting room and realized there was only one other occupant. Recognizing the identity of the other person he was quick to introduce himself.
“I swear to God if you say it’s complicated one more time I’m going to beat the fuck out of you!” He threatened as he shifted to wrap Steve in a headlock.
Yep, Tony was never going to get used to that. Gotta keep it together.
"Back to Mommy!" She cried hopefully.
"No! It cannot end here! I have to do something! I refuse to sit back and watch!" He roared as his fingers dug painfully into the dirt.
Steve enjoyed how excited she got over something as simple as riding in an elevator. He watched as her face lit up when he let her press the floor button and how her smile widened when the elevator lifted.
“No there isn’t.” Wanda smiled up at her brother.
Tony grabbed his shoulder and smiled at him.
She was peeling and cutting the vegetables Ellie washed.
“Yeah, something else all right.” Bucky scoffed.
Steve blinked barely registering what he was being told.
“Oh!  Johnny, what are you doing here?”
Well that much was obvious.
If there was one thing he knew with absolute certitude, it was pain. That was all he knew. His body, his mind, his heart and his soul were all in an intense excruciating pain. He did not know why and he did not want to know why.
“Are you done?” Steve sighed.
“All right, everybody, time to wake up!” He bellowed to his machines and computers. “We’ve got two things to work on today: code breaking and designing prototype arms.” He said as he sat himself in front of a holographic monitor.
“Dr. Banner.” Steve nodded to the good doctor and Bruce nodded back.
The soldier looked down and sighed. “I’m fine, twat. Just worry about yourself.” He muttered.
“Really!? Are you fucking serious right now?”
“You’d risk all that for him?” He questioned.
Both suppressed a gag.
When he picked up the bag he was thankful it wasn't too heavy. It would get a tad cumbersome if he had to carry around something like that nice table clock he spotted on the way in.
“I love you anyway.” She smiled and kissed him.
“Are they still out there? The zappers?” Asked what Steve assumed was the second eldest.
(See the end of the chapter for
He did not have the capacity to manufacture a new one and if the hole got big enough, she could come out! Not only that, the hole itself could suck in the whole city, maybe even more…
“What!?” Tony and Steve howled in unison.
“Five hundred and twenty now reported, Sir.”
“N-not… g-good.” Came Bucky’s grunted reply.
‘Idiot.’  He thought.
Steve continued so stand back quietly. He observed his surroundings taking everything in all the while keeping his guard up ready for anything. He especially watched Dr. McCoy, Bruce and Tony as they were rushing about between the patients analyzing all of the stats.
At hearing that there had been yet another case just in the last hour, the billionaire sprang to the nearest computer and pulled up the stats. Steve followed close behind him. The computer showed that there had indeed been another case which now makes 54. Bruce approached at the back of them.
“Right, couldn’t lose another leader.” Steve responded with a bit of cheek.
However she could not flee easily, she was stranded amongst hot rubble and debris. Clint was too far to reach her in time.
“Steve!” Natasha called out as she ran into the room. “Stand down!”
“Remember what happened last time?” Steve questioned.
Each one vastly unique from the rest. Each one radiating colors he never even dreamed of. Even more shocking was the overall vibe he got from them. Somehow, it was entirely peaceful and content. Not a lick of anger or resentment.
The bot loosed its grip on Steve’s arm just enough to for the Captain to break free of it. As soon as he was free he managed to hit the bot in the head again with his shield.
"What's going to happen now?" He asked. "Am I stuck here?"
He had managed to wipe most of the foam off of himself before they headed up, but yeah, a shower would be great.
He had the overwhelming feeling that he had forgotten something incredibly important, but for the life of him he couldn't remember what it was.
“This doesn’t change anything.” The soldier growled out suddenly. “I still hate you.”
It was enough to force the Captain back several feet. He dodged to the left avoiding another attack swiftly removing his pack to detach his shield from where he strapped it. He tossed the blanket he had wrapped it in at Iron Man for a distraction to give himself a moment to gather his wits.
“That’s why we should have ordered a lock down! We could have trapped it here making it nearly impossible to escape.” Fury retorted, he wanted to get this thing a.s.a.p.
“Please Tony-“ He choked back a sob. “Please stop.”
“Who’d do that?” The soldier demanded in disgust as he stood up and walked back to the coffee station.
He left out the back door. He noted that the coms were back on.
He nodded. "No problem." He winked.
“The next part is always the hardest. Where to start after the basic background is layered on.” He sighed.
Sam had joined Rhodey just beyond the containment field. He, Rhodey and Clint could do nothing but watch on in horror.
“Fuck You!” He shouted.
“So, it’s my fault?”
The billionaire had Jarvis access the sick bay computers and download all patient information for analysis.
“Well, you are in luck. I might have absentmindedly made too many sandwiches.” He said looking down at the stack of them. Huh… He kinda did. The Captain got lost in the repetition of making the sandwiches whilest deep in thought. Although he could eat all seven of them he probably shouldn’t.
“And not to mention we don’t even know if she already has it or has even used it.” Natasha added.
“Fine! At least he’ll be alive to do it!” He shouted as he blasted into the sky.
“Yeah I’ve done that.  I’d spend my summers with my aunt in Montana of all places, before my father thought I’d be a better idea to send me to boarding school instead.
"What did your friend call you, she must have called you something?" He asked.
The Captain forced his body into action. He watched as she tried to hurriedly navigate the chaos of shredded metal. He thrust himself upon the Doom bot with as much power as he could muster right be for it was about to grasp her by the neck.
It’s the end of the world and he’s sitting alone when he could be trying to make peace with Tony.
He felt rather than see her smirk.
Of course, you'd create a world where I didn't exist.
Without any further ado, on with the show.
‘What?’
Steve frowned, mildly hurt by her assessment but very much aware that she was right.
Tony laughed bitterly as he began to weep.
“That is not necessary, at least for now.  The fact that he had acknowledged my presence is a good sign.”  He said.  “I just have to make some adjustments to his treatment.”
“What is it?  You can tell me anything.”  Steve urged softly.
"Yes, but only one. If you keep that demented bunny from destroying the others I can do it." He replied adamantly.
After taking the stand they encircled each other looking one another squarely in the eye, daring anybody to back down from the silent declaration of duty, honour and heroism.
Tony smirked wryly knowing he was making Barnes uncomfortable, however Tony was even more uncomfortable knowing how huge and raw the favor was he was gonna ask.
“It wasn’t just that one time, they did it several times.”
“It’s not like that, really.” Steve coughed.
He picked himself off of the floor and gave himself a once over in the mirror. After he deemed himself presentable he opened the door to find Peggy on the other side looking worried. He scratched the back of his head sheepishly, feeling a bit guilty for worrying her.
God why does this hurt so much? Tony placed his forehead against Steve’s.
A/N: Haha, Come now! I wasn’t really going to kill off my Favorite character. I’m not that heartless. Lol I just needed Steve to think I did so that he could reach his breaking point. Bucky still has an important part to play and I can’t wait to bring on the Tony and Bucky banter.
As he closed the door to the barn after walking out he still couldn't shake the nagging feeling that he had forgotten something incredibly important. He went through a mental checklist and was sure he had finished all of the errands that he was meant to do today.
Tony turned around quickly to manually control the elevator. He pushed the appropriate floor button and began to rapidly press the close elevator door button, cursing the ridiculously slow response of the machine. Just as he was about to breathe a sigh of relief as the doors began to shut a hand reached out from the other side to stop the doors.
Everything he had forgotten had suddenly come back to him. He breathed a sigh of relief and then looked at the peculiar visage before him.
Sometime ago they had realized that they had found solace in each other’s company. Coping with a world they could not quite understand and getting to know it together. Soon though their conversation was cut short by the dramatic entrance of non-other than that of Tony Stark.
Professor Xavier had managed to snuff out that flame to some extent, however, there were some that remained wholly unconvinced.  And to add icing to this immensely, infuriatingly, ludicrous cake, Tony had been stubbornly avoiding him.
“The offer still stands if you change your mind. You know where to find me.” And with that he left the soldier alone and made his way back to his workshop.
But now his mind is like cold iron, hard and unyielding. Not just his mind but his very brain is healing from the influence of Hydra’s torture. I had noticed this as we traveled together. The walls I put up would disintegrate faster and faster and become harder and harder to create. As I am now, I do not have the capability to create another wall and even if I could it would shatter just as soon as it was created.” She explained regretfully.
"After, they moved one town over to Carver Alabama. Subsequently various news reels, articles and polices reports tell a few different stories all seemingly contradictory in a way but I did a bit more digging and this is what I found: Soon after Bethany died George drank himself into a maddening rage.” Tony paused for a second hesitating to reveal the next part.
"Jar, run the distortion program." Tony commanded quickly as he manually continued to solder wires and clasp mechanisms together.
“Why won’t she?” He inquired suddenly. Something was gnawing at him.
Then, suddenly, he knew exactly why all this wasn't real. His entire heart and soul had been screaming the answer at him and he finally heard it. It was something small and seemingly insignificant but he felt it's validity down to his core all the same.
Besides the God-awful scream, the whole scene seemed rather innocuous, as Calamity pulled a bright white light from his body. Yet Tony knew on a deep fundamental level that what he was witnessing was by far the most horrific and detestable thing he could ever possibly witness. Even more so than even the most gruesome, bloody genocide ever committed. This thing he had just witnessed he knew would leave a lasting scar on his very soul.
“Hey, hey, hey, it’s ok. I'm taking you back to the helicarrier myself.” Steve’s eyes widened significantly at this revelation.
Steve meandered to the shelf of books that were housed right under Eleanor’s army of dolls.
Steve made his way back into the city the way he came.  He was still horribly out of breath.  His muscles screamed in agony and he was still shaking.  Maybe Johnny had a point.  But he wasn’t going to sit back and continue to let whatever was happening happen.
“All 73 patients have the same symptoms. All are in a coma like state; however they exude beta waves as if they are fully awake and active. They cannot be awakened by conventional means… or otherwise.”
"Hey Babydoll? What was I saying before?" He asked. He had the strangest feeling that he was interrogating her.
“You’ve come to kill me, haven’t you? Why are you unarmed?” Barnes demanded bewildered.
"The doctor said that the baby is eager to join us, I heard him." He smiled. "Your baby sibling really wants to meet you the most I bet." He said.
Tony was sure he knew exactly what the orb of light was. However, he needed to be sure.
He nodded, “Soviet made, no rifling and completely untraceable.”  He looked over to Natasha with an odd expression.
He looked down at his left wrist in dismay. Calamity’s black mark was still there. It had been weeks. Her fingerprints remain very prominent. He shook his head.
Steve shook his head. Deep down that’s all he wanted. If he were truly selfish he’d never let Bucky leave his side ever again but he knew whatever his end was it would take out everybody near him. He absolutely was not going to let Bucky or the twins get caught in that crossfire. No matter how much he did not want to meet his end alone.
As he saw nothing but murder and a promise for obscene violence in their eyes he thought it to be a very wise decision to quickly continue.  Cranky much?
He could not bring himself to say everyone, because everyone would not be saved. Each person who had fallen into the coma may be brought out of it with his invention. Everyone could be coming out of this alive, except… Steve.
“Ah, Thank you, Sir-“
There were many times Tony had seriously considered completely and utterly giving up.
Peggy stretched her back out, making her belly protrude out far and Steve nearly gushed at the sight.
“To keep me from doing something stupid and suicidal.” Steve replied sheepishly and winced.
FUCK!
“Steve?” Peggy called.
“My Dear, I do wish I could say that I choose randomly but alas everything is not without a purpose. I do not wish to give you too much information, I do have goals to meet after all. However I will give you this. I choose worlds that, yes, are indeed plagued by war, violence, chaos, and true evil in of itself. However, I also choose worlds in which all these horrors were brought about by a significant influence from an infinity stone. And as it happens your tiny planet that you call Earth has been tainted and influenced by three of the six. I could not have asked for a better circumstance.” She replied giddily.
A/N: Hi! Here we are with the dreaded chapter 24. Fun fact chapters 23, 24, and 25 were once one massive chapter that needed a major break up. Please keep some tissues on hand, I have a feeling you may need them… Don’t forget to leave a review at the end please. Without any further ado, on with the show!
“What did the lady, uh Beth, mean earlier when she said you finally got me out of that old barn?”
The genius watched with utter astonishment and supreme satisfaction as Steve completely ignored him and proceeded to deliver a devastating right hook directly into the middle of the Rhododendron’s face. Tony was willing to bet that everyone felt the same righteous satisfaction when that demented bunny flew several hundred feet away and landed with a sickening thud out cold.
He ended the letter encouraging Tony to find the answer in the code. He believed in him, that if Steve could surprise Calamity then Tony was fully capable of doing the same.
Johnny only nodded.
“Hey, remember the last time you were real sick?” Bucky spoke up. Steve nodded expectantly. “Remember how you made me promise that I’d take you to see the ocean one last time before you died?”
(See the end of the chapter for
"Is Calamity no longer a suitable title for me?" She asked with what he perceived as a smirk.
“Uh. Please go to sleep.” He added. He leaned down quickly and gently kissed Tony’s forehead, before darting out the door to meet with Natasha.
Only when Tony's chest began to burn from lack of oxygen did they part. The moment they were no longer caught in love's embrace they were swarmed by their teammates. Their cheers of celebration and congratulations and triumph could be heard from miles around.
Everyone stood in utter silence for a while after Calamity’s sudden departure. None dared to breathe. Steve broke the silence by taking a shuddering breath. With that most of his team fell to their knees.
“Subconsciously, I was screaming. My soul, my entire being was screaming for him to stop, was screaming for
"I'm here to stay if you'll have me." The same burning hope emanated from Steve's own expression.
“No.” Was his quick and simple response.
Tony was sure that wasn’t the whole reason, he could see it in his eyes. The genius didn’t want to press, however. If Steve wasn’t ready for anything more than he was fine with that.
It took a long moment for Tony to gather his wits. He listened as every member of his team present assured each other that they were not taken out in the blast. He managed to squeak out a quick affirmation that he too was still alive as he slowly and shakingly got to his knees. He turned to look at the damage. Where there had been three city blocks of buildings now was an empty crater. The buildings surrounding the crater were now lying in large heaps of rubble. The only thing that survived her wrath were her hatchlings.
Which now that he’s had more time to think on it and calmed down a little he can see that if his team is going out of their way to completely and utterly go against his wishes then whatever is happening is beyond serious.  He sighed, thinking he probably should go apologize…  Later…  He was still rather bitter.
Steve nodded slowly before quickly darting to the door.  He threw it open nearly ripping it off.  He sprinted to the common room to find everyone right where he left them several hours ago, planning Fury’s funeral services.
But as time goes on, you come to realize that all things happen for a reason. Just as things had been taken from you, many more have been given at the same time. Back then, you lost your friends and mission all at once and nearly your life. But in this time, you have gained your life back, you have made new friends and have a new mission. There will be a time in your life when you'll remember these words and understand them completely and utterly and hold them close to your soul.
What was she waiting for then?
Steve shook his head as he continued to get dressed. That was not the first time that has happened.
A/N: So chapter 10 and 11 were once one massive chapter. I thought it would be a good idea to split it up. So without any further ado here’s the rest of chapter 10 disguised as chapter 11.
“So, what? That’s just the connection they all had shitty childhoods?  Every single person in this room has shit for a past.”  Clint stated oh so elegantly.
“I almost didn’t, you ass hat!” Bucky roared.
Suddenly the soldier began flailing. “Get it off! Get it off!” He began almost clawing at the helmet.
“I tend to not have the best start with a lot of people.”  He laughed as he thought about his miserable and deplorable first meetings with Bucky and Tony.
Without any further ado, on with the show!
"Salutations my beautiful Midgardians!" Calamity exclaimed joyously as she floated down with serenity. "I thought you would lament to leave that in the pseudo realm." She nodded at the shield.
‘Perfect.’ He thought sarcastically.
Still laughing the crazy genius looked upon Steve with such a mischievous twinkle in his eye.
He ran mindlessly.  He just kept running and running.  Eventually he stopped at a park.  The birds were singing and the sun was shining.  He took his phone out of his pocket and was shocked to discover that he had been running for nearly four hours straight.  He had a missed call from Sam and Natasha.  It was midmorning now.  He decided that he should be returning to the compound soon.
“Steve!” Tony shouted out to stop the near hyperventilating soldier.
“You!  You idiot!  I’m trying to protect you!”  Tony shot back.
“No, I’d just carry you.  Come on it’ll be fun.  Oo or you could borrow my spare suit.”  Tony suggested.  Steve couldn’t even begin to wonder how he could manage fitting into one of Tony suits being that he’s almost twice as big as the genius is.  Even if he could miraculously fit he wouldn’t know the first thing about operating it.  Recognizing where Steve minds was, Tony amended.
“I believe he believed what he wrote.” Bucky spat.
The Soldier was now even more worried considering Tony had not acknowledged his joke with a quip of his own. Then again, this situation could hardly be any more strained.
Now, what exactly does Tony have planned for Bucky? Will Tony figure out how to solve Calamity’s code before she begins collecting souls? What is Steve’s true role in all of this? Will he find a way back to the others or is he truly doomed to serve as Calamity's pawn for all eternity?
“Damn, that was good, I really wasn’t expecting that.  I’m gonna have to order me one now.”  However, not one to waste a good beer Tony quickly chugged it down.
He began to tell him about the friction he had with his team after the fuzz buzz incident and everything after that. He ended with his great escape but left out a few of the Tony bits, however.
In the corner of his eye he could see his team sit straighter in anticipation. Even if Barnes miraculously knew the algorithm, the program could mean nothing… or everything. Tony knew this likely would lead nowhere, but any little olive branch he’d happily snatch up. Their lives depended on it.
Steve had a pretty good idea what the main event was that she was referring to. And if it was going to be anything like the last encounter, pain was a guarantee.
A/N: And so you have it. The horrible showdown.
Oh, how he loved this man.
“It must be shocking to you that they haven’t left yet. They’re still out there and the possibilities are just on the tips of your fingers, Tony.” She grabbed his hands. “Look at me, no matter what anybody says you’re worth the wait, Tony. You deserve to be happy. You deserve somebody who can appreciate you for you and I know you found that person.”
While most of the Avengers were in awe over the absolutely spectacular light show, Tony's attention was honed in on a very much still alive Steve who was standing a good ten feet away. Tony tried to take a step towards him but had completely forgotten that he was still bound in a dead suit of armor. He met with resistance and began to topple over.
Tony winced. 'No, it cannot end this way!'
"That's right!" Natasha said with a sharp intake of air. "She said 'You have seen the worlds I have created for them. They are happy and at peace.'"
Xavier smiled. The others stared at Tony appallingly. They assumed that Tony's attitude was directed at the Professor.
“Is there room for two in your suit?”  Steve inquired not knowing what Tony was thinking.
What on Asgard is going on?
A/N: And we’re back! Thank you so much, everyone, for leaving your wonderful reviews. They are truly my fuel.
It started off just after the breaking news report. Tony skimmed through the footages until Steve began to set up his easel by the window and watched as he began to make unassuming preparations. Tony wasn’t quite sure exactly when he drugged the girls but he was sure it was during their tea break. The genius balked at Darcy’s commentary about the Thor’s website and then again at her insinuation of his and Steve’s relationship.
“On second thought you’re with me, I’m going to make sure you learn to have a good time.  I am not going to let you waste your vacation on SHIELD work or training.  No way.”
"Do you recall our first encounter?" He nodded. She continued, "I stated that the first world I ever took was for something as petty as fury. It was this very world here." She admitted. "To understand what had transpired here I should show you exactly what I am and tell you how I ended up here in the first place... Please be patient with me."
“This was one of my favorite books to read as a child. It always made me think and I would always get into heated arguments with-“ He paused.
How much?
Steve quickly assessed the situation and found that there were five children total. They were all under the age of twelve as far as he could tell. There was even an infant being cared for by the eldest.
He scratched his wrist.
It paid off however, when he finally came up with a plan. Very stupid plan, but a plan nonetheless. He was 90% sure it was going to work. Good enough. The only thing was he needed to execute the plan at just the right time. He also needed the right conditions.
Let’s all keep our fingers crossed.
I apologize for any and all errors. Please don't forget to leave me a review after you finish reading this chapter.
I apologize for any and all errors.
“Goodnight Tony.” Rhodey said briskly before returning to the elevator.
Just as the words left his mouth an alarm started to go off. He quickly leapt up and pulled Pepper off of her seat and barely managed to get them both behind a blast shield before the device he was working on exploded.
“It pleases me profoundly that you have requested my assistance. To be perfectly honest, it surprised me. That truly does not happen often.” She admitted staring at the moon.
Steve, on his mindless journey to find solace, happened upon yet another familiar face. Natasha, ever observant as she is, knew what Steve’s intent was and gave him a glare that could make any man’s balls twist away in fear and agony at just a glance. Luckily, Captain America wasn’t any man. The glare did have an effect mind you but not to the horrifying neutering extent. Message read loud and clear, Steve b-lined down a different corridor in hopes of at least seeking out Clint only to discover that the crazy bird was nowhere to be found.
Sam and Rhodey were holding their own in hand-to-hand combat with the last goon. Tony’s attention was yanked away as the Rhododendron forced the suit pursue Hawkeye. It was only a matter of time now.
The genius has had many nightmares revolving around his loss of control over his own technology. He can’t predict and guard against everything, but he was damn well going to try.
“What if she’s lying about everything and only said she wouldn’t hurt us and healed us to prove that point only to get us off guard? This could all be a twisted game to her and she’s only screwing with us?” Clint rebuttaled.
"Great." Steve said forlornly.
“Noted.” Tony replied offering him a mock salute which earned him a sharp glare.
“I’m fine, just a little mishap in the lab earlier.” He put on his winning smile best he could. “Listen, I need to talk to prisoner 86. It’s imperative. Some concerning information has popped up regarding Captain Rogers’s breakdown and prisoner 86 is the may be the only one that can verify this.” He regarded the officials as politely as he could muster without getting an attitude with them.
“You ready to tango?”  Not wanting to find out the difference of what this one was capable of, Steve flew into action first.
"I didn't realize, oh God!" He pressed his hand to his mouth in mortification. "But you didn't say…"
‘The kids!!’
“Okay, any burning on or around the contact area?” Tony gently touched the flesh around the device.
Before he knew it Tony was grabbing his face.
“Yeah?” Tony replied quickly, almost expectantly.
Bruce Tony and Steve looked between each other apprehensively.  Tony does as he was told and put an alert out for Fury.  In a shaky breath Professor Xavier continued on,
“Whoa, Whoa, Whoa, so you’re saying anyone of us could be next?”  Clint inquired trying to subdue his own panic.
That sound was grating.
“Steve, you do realize everything you just told me only serves to prove my earlier point, right?” He smirked down at him.
"What is that?" It looked almost like… an egg?
Tony withdrew his hand and turned to face him.
“Come on Tony let’s get you out of those clothes.” Steve said as he sat next to Tony and started to unbutton his suit vest.
Steve closed the bathroom door behind himself and set down his clean clothes on the countertop. He opened the curtain to the shower and turned on the stream. He stood back for a moment and took in his surroundings. The bathroom was beautiful, the toilet, sink and tub were genuine porcelain and the fixtures were a lovely brass. There was a large mirror over the medicine cabinets over the sink. There was an elegant shelf that held an assortment of fluffy towels and wash cloths. He ran his fingers over the fabric of the towels and was delighted to find that they were incredibly soft.
“Mr. Stark request permission to enter.”
Natasha sighed, shaking her head.
“Do you promise to be good and stay in bed so I don’t have to restrain you?” Tony asked exasperated.
“Okay, children, back on task.” Natasha piped up coolly. “It’s 2 o’clock. Let’s continue with the procedure, please, before I smack each of you upside the head.” She threatened with a sweet smile.
"Yeah, how about we get back in there, need a lift?" Tony asked nodding to his back.
Steve only nodded defeated.
“Tony!”  He shouted out suddenly.
Bucky shook his head, tears rolling down his face. “No! I am no hero.” He insisted painfully.
'I am.' His mind supplied him.
"It's the same test I always give. I wanted him to show empathy under almost impossible circumstances. It's all I ever want. Despite my calculations he had succeeded."
All of a sudden Tony’s phone starts to go off alarmingly.
Fuck! This was getting hot. Almost too hot. God, this was fucking amazing! Just when Tony was about to go down on his knees and put his mouth to better use, Steve pulled away.
It really never fails.
“Oh my dear child, you are most amusing! Victor could not in the least make you bloom the way I desire.” She laughed again. “Oh my dear Steven, Victor was merely the opening act, the main event shall soon begin!” She proclaimed proudly.
Really, they should all know what he is capable of by now.  He really doesn’t understand why they’re surprised.  They all of them should’ve expected as much.
He launched containment projectors that used a type of plasma. It should hold the vile gases at bay until they figure out if they can push her back somehow.
To be honest, out of everything that had happened the last two days the news of Howard’s upcoming nuptials was by far the hardest to believe.
Ellie followed close behind him. As Steve made his way through town he was very much aware of the fact that people stopped to stare at him in awe. He tried not to get too upset and overwhelmed about it. Before the serum, if he had seen a man walk by displaying such strength, he'd likely stare the hardest.
Bucky stared at him in shock and awe. “You want to replace my arm?” He glanced down at the jagged remains of what was once his cybernetic arm, a special gift from Hydra. Fuckers. He remembered every moment of that accursed procedure. Every moment of their cruelty and depravity. Every single second of that white-hot searing pain. “And that’s…” He nodded to the little device and Tony’s hand.
Meanwhile, on the Quin jet Natasha and Clint were receiving some very interesting information from Fury regarding their strange alien case.  They looked at each other and smiled at the information it was certainly good news.  Now all they had to do is wait for Steve to secure the facility.
“Tsk, idiot.”  Was Steve’s only response before he dipped down and pressed a feather light kiss on to Tony’s swollen cheek.
“Yeah, well a girl can dream.” She replied wistfully.
"You made that, right? The armor?" Steve asked excited.
"Holy shit! He just took out all of the hell bird hatchlings!" SpiderMan exclaimed.
Steve waited patiently for her to continue. She turned back to him and Steve could perceive something of a sad smile break across her crystal-like face.
Barnes saluted jerkily then twisted his hand around to flip Tony off before sitting back down. He smiled charmingly at Natasha then winked. Clint rolled his eyes, Wanda smirked and Nat… Blushed?
Tony started to snicker at Steve’s awe. The Soldier didn’t even notice and posed yet another question.
Well that hurts.
“Another coma has been detected.”
It wasn't because Dumm-E blew up half his workshop again. Because you know, it is what it is.
Steve stopped himself from groaning in misery. What the hell was up with these people??!
Chapter Twenty-Eight: I Think I’m Going To Like It Here
What emerged was utterly grotesque.
Suddenly his eyes brightened with an idea and squinted at Steve’s pack just feet away from him.
Steve just sat and watched as the varying Avengers just went back and forth with the same arguments. He doesn’t even have the energy to participate. Steve actually was the one to initially find the keystone passage after hours upon hours more in front of the screen.
“Then you are a monster just like him!” She screamed as she made to attack him.
“It is my intention to help in any way possible. The world needs us most of all right now.” Xavier said lightly, however with a very heavy meaning.
“Nah ah!” She grabbed his arm firmly
It was fleeting, but he had the oddest sinking sensation that all this was going to come to an end somehow. He shook himself out of his morbid thoughts when the elevator hit the next level and the doors opened.
End of Chapter Fourteen.
"I don't have a fucking clue. I don't even know if it's possible-"
Then he started to hear the thoughts of a very strong mind approaching the area. The destination of this particular mind seems to be that very room. Xavier decided to concentrate on that mind. It was laced with genuine worry. Not for himself like most of the occupants of the ship but for the victims and his teammates. There was absolutely no concern for his own wellbeing at all. His very aura exuded selflessness and purity. ‘Truly fascinating! What a mind. If only all men thought this way.’
“Wow! Is it fighting an alien?”
Many turned to Thor expectantly.
There was only one option here.
He shook his head to clear his thoughts.
*~0~*
The Captain could feel the profound disapproval, but shook it off as Thor introduced him.
But before Tony could fully relish in his achievement, Barnes grabbed him by the collar and quickly tossed Tony several hundred feet away from the destabilizing hole.
Can’t see much from here.” She said regretfully.
“Perhaps fresh eyes may shed a bit more light on this.” Steve smiled gently at Jane.
“Like time froze.” Bruce said.
The moment she was gone and Tony could no longer feel her overwhelming presence, he jerked his head up towards the red sky morning and screamed for all the he was worth, expelling his agony for the world to hear. Soon enough he got a hold of himself. He had to keep going, somehow.
Tony winked at him on his right and he caught it with the corner of his eye. Yep that man was infuriating.
(See the end of the chapter for
"No, what?" She asked intrigued by Steve's positive tone.
There was something itching at the back of his mind.  He resolutely ignored Hank in favor of focusing on that inch.  There was something important…  Yes…  Important.  He did not know what.
“Well you are right Tony. Something very weird is happening here. From the current visuals, vitals and specs JARVIS supplied me…” Bruce eyed Tony knowing the genius came by the information through very illegal means.
The children were full blown crying now and the baby was wailing miserably.
But before any of them could react further, Bucky launched out of the elevator swiftly and efficiently knocking all three of them out without warning. Tony stared at the scene dumbly. All three officials hit the ground even before he could raise his hand with the wristwatch to stun them. Tony walked out of the elevator, awkwardly stepping over the men. Bucky took a deep breath before teetering sharply and bracing himself against the wall.
He thought harder, the last thing he definitely remembered was… Crashing the Valkyrie into the water.
“I’ll trip.” She added gesturing to the baby in her arms. That definitely was not a good idea.
“Yeah, how are you holding up?” He asked truly concerned.
There are still a few surprises to reveal yet. So, keep on reading! I hope you all stay with me till the end. ;P I love all you guys who are still here with me! Thank you so much and please don’t forget to leave a review.
"Sir, the Iron Legion have fallen. None remain."
“As tempting as that would be, Stark, why would I give up the best prize yet? You under my complete control for a bit of cash. Hmm?” He licked his greasy lips. “Oh, how I wish Captain America were here to be a part of my glorious victory. It would be absolutely perfect to have you kill him.”
“How is it not ready?”  Steve asked attempting to milk her for as much information as possible.
“When did this happen? When did he witness this!?”
Back on the other side…
Steve scowled deeply. The irony that he was locked away in a tower did not escape him.
Beep. Beep. Beep.
“Okay.”
“Ellie, Sweetie you are way ahead of where I was when I was your age. It took me until my mid-20s to get is good as I am.” He thought for a moment. “How old are you.”
Moron.
His gaze fell to the glowing blue object on the man's chest. "I'm sorry for asking this but what is that?" "Arc reactor, keeps me from dying."
“Now!” Tony shouted.
He turned Mary Anne around and began going the right way. He forcefully shook himself out of his funk.
Steve ran his hands down Tony's sculpted back and planted them on his firm ass pulling him closer, intensifying their pleasure. Tony cried out in bliss then leaned in and claimed Steve's lips again, greedily drawing out every moan and sigh he could before breaking away and began kissing up Steve's strong jaw before latching onto the sensitive flesh just below his left ear.
Then the Rhododendron started to laugh ominous laugh. "It's fine. It's fine. It's fine." He muttered in a mantra.
Some of his best and favorite memories took place at none other than Coney Island and Rockaway Beach. They had scrimped and saved for months to make sure they could make it out to the amusement park at least once every summer. There had never been a time he laughed harder during those long summer days. Probably the only time he would wholly welcome an asthma attack. To die laughing, he decided, wouldn’t be a bad way to go. Bucky did not find that idea very amusing.
“Suuure, look, I can stay awake for days without needing sleep. You on the other hand could really go for a rest. Unless you want to pass out standing up like two-” He paused and looked at the time. “Three days ago. I’m sure everybody would love to see those pictures.” The soldier smirked.
“Okay?” Was all he said.
Suddenly, he felt pulses of pain sear through his abdomen, face and arms.
“Yeah it’s something.”  Tony stated nonchalantly as he managed to find a bar and pour himself and the Captain a scotch.
Tony found him sometime later.  The Soldier was still in the same position as he had been the last several hours, staring up at the sky.  Tony approached him slowly not wanting to shock him out of his pensive.
"Okay, I love you."
Barnes watched him pensively.
~-0-~
‘Well, things aren’t going to change just lying here.’ He thought.
It was no further than he'd gotten yesterday. He turned the page back to compare. Well, the beard was a bit more defined, but that was all.
The man began to look from side to side before turning slightly and looking down at a strange black object in his hand. Steve cared nothing for the device in the man's hand because now he had a partial view of his face and what he saw shook him to the core. Days ago, it felt like he was falling when the emotional rug was ripped out from under him, now it was the sickening crash landing.
Tony’s epic retort for Barton died in his throat. “Yeah, you were briefed, weren’t you?”
The flight to Tennessee was made in relative silence at least on Steve’s part anyway.  Natasha and Clint were chatting a bit obviously happy to get off of the helicarrier despite heading towards what might be the hairy mission.
Fuck!
"Graham, stop this nonsense." She commanded as if reprimanding a child.
“Now, that I can do.” Tony motioned for Barnes to go sit back down in his spot.
Until the next time.
“I finished mine.” Tony replied smugly.
him. It turns out this was the filthy monster who killed his parents. Killed his Mom. Unforgivable.
I could have understood that, however, when those foul creatures came upon her fallen form, they laughed.
Tony nearly lost his shit. He pressed his forehead against the glass to calm himself.
"Yeah, Peg, I'm fine." He finally gritted out. "It was just a nightmare."
He looked around him again and noticed he was no longer in the hospital but in Tony's Malibu mansion.
Tony balked at him and sputtered, “Oh shut up, asshole, you are far more the child than I am and everybody knows it.” Tony retorted then proceeded to zap him in the bandaged shoulder with a tiny electro-stick the genius now carried on his person for this very purpose.
“No, you don’t all get to gang up on me when I’m trying to save the world.” Tony whined.
“Shortly after Professor Xavier and Hank arrived back at the school in New York they had gathered as much information as possible about what had occurred there.  They sent that information to us to analyze in hopes of aiding with the case in their absence.  What they had was even clearer footages of the strange alien woman that is likely behind all this.  I had Jarvis utilize Shield Security Software. Using the new footages I had Jarvis scour the Internet, looking through pictures, security cameras, cell phone cameras, any media footage that were present during the fall of any of the victims.  And we got hits lots and lots of hits.”  He stopped, looking at everybody who now held a look of perked interest.
"Show off. But can you beat this?" Barnes cajoled as he threw the shield with his left arm.
“Tell Director Fury that Hank and I must make haste back to New York,” he paused for a moment nearly unable to get the last of his sentence out.
After releasing the butterfly, Ellie had watched his progress for some time. After he was finished with the yard, he could see her visibly vibrate with excitement and anticipation. He sighed fondly.
Steve flinched back not expecting that kind of response.
The tension was mounting. They were still several blocks away from their destination. Suddenly an intense feeling of dread and something else he could not identify cascaded over Steve’s psyche. In that moment Steve knew with absolute certitude that they were not going to make it.
“Steve!  Steve!  God damn it!  Look at me!”  She shouted as she shook him violently.
Steve couldn’t help but to think that that was the most adorable thing ever. He began to watch her intently as she worked much like the way she had watched him. He delighted in watching her process. He also analyzed her movements and saw how she worked very similarly to how he did. He even got a kick out of the way she differed from him also.
Tony shook himself out of his thoughts as yet another negative reading flashed across his screen. He gave a long-suffering sigh and peeled himself out of his chair. He went to go replenishes his cup of coffee and perhaps choke down an apple or something.
“Tony!? What happened?” He said, gently knocking on his face plate.
Tony knew he well and truly fucked up somewhere along the line when just before it happened Steve looked up at him with such a multitude of horrible emotions written across his face. He could see it all in his pale eyes, Steve was petrified. The Captain was standing next to the greatest villain the Earth has ever known and he was even more terrified of Tony. It tore him in ways Tony did not know he could be torn.
Right now, Tony was working on prototypes of a few projects he had in mind to keep himself busy. Though, he figured, if they couldn’t get Barnes lucid, half of them were useless.
'What in the actual heavens above?'
“Jarvis, do I have access to Tony’s lab?”
Tony flinched at that.
"Wow, only ten hours? That explains a lot I guess." He muttered. Then the man looked over to the work table and spotted the drawing. Steve blushed crimson. "You drew me." He said somewhat wistfully.
Tony explained how like with his old arm, shattered as it was, the damaged neuro-cybernetic circuits caused excruciating pain. If such damage occurred again he could easily remove the damaged arm alleviating the pain.
“Vengeance, Stark! When is it anything but vengeance?? The Captain killed Harker and making you kill him in return is nothing but poetic.” He sneered again.
On the other side…
With that Fury abruptly left the room leaving everyone else to follow through with their orders.
“No! You do not get to go there!” He shouted.
Beep. Beep. Beep.
“How do you do?” She greeted softly, shaking hands with Peggy and then Steve.
Steve smiled at that.
Tony flinched and cringed when he heard the commotion over the com line. He internally prayed to whatever deity would listen to spare the poor soul that bird was after. His prayers were unanswered, however, when he heard Nat howl in misery and describe in gruesome detail that one small bite from the creature had flesh melting off the bone. Death was swift for both human and bird, fortunately or unfortunately, depending on how you looked at it.
“Ya think?!”
Tony continued. "And if I stop you from tearing out everybody's soul and forcing them to do your bidding then fucking great!" He snarked, regaining some of his waning bravado.
‘That horrible menace!’ The Captain thought. He really did not even wanna go there.
“Holy hell, Cap! That was amazing! And I agree 100%.” Tony piped up walking toward Steve.
Steve studied the woman’s face on the screen. He started to develop one of his famous gut feelings. It was starting to tell him something that he certainly did not want to listen to…
"Thanks." Tony replied in relief as he grabbed the com and installed it into his ear. He looked up and found Barnes staring with morbid dismay at the portal.
The universe was spinning or was that him? Steve did not know.
But what about…
After director fury was up to speed and was listening earnestly Hank continued, “He managed to claw her straight through her abdomen.  Unfortunately she apparently remained unaffected by it.  Soon after that Logan fell as well.  As soon as the hit the floor this strange woman had already disappeared.”  Hank finished solemnly.
“You need to back up.” Steve uttered lowly.
“I still have not quite figured that out. But I do know we should have a talk.” He admitted.
Tony shook his head back and forth. "No! No, I refuse to accept that!"
*~0~*
“Or was it because you felt how massive her presence was, how it seemed like her laughter could tear every atom in our very bodies apart?” Steve illustrated with a violet shiver. Everyone shuddered.
“If this is really happening, then yes, I will be able to create a desynthasization device after I have the full completed code.” He breathed. “I just might be able to save them.” He smiled weakly.
“OK, Cap, what’s up? Don’t tell me we have a mission from shield. I’m still recovering from the last mission we had. Remember, a wayward missile blasted a dent in an unfortunate place on my armor. I nearly lost my di-“
He paused his narration to gather the strength to tell the next part.
Moving on.
She began to reach her gnarled claw towards him, and Tony realized with a start that he was well within her reach.
"Here you go, sir, just sign here and you're all set." Anna said handing him a clipboard and a fancy paper bag with a parcel inside.
"Yeah I do." He agreed as he futilely wiped tears from his face.
She thought for a moment. “Is that factor out of their control?” She inquired gently.
“What!?” His mind flashed to when Calamity tried to bargain with him to trade his soul. Alarm began to blossom. “What do you mean a deal? Steve, tell me you didn’t make a deal with
“Well aren’t you a sorry sack of shit?”
“You’re a stupid jerk!” He huffed with a tearful laugh as he pulled his brother into a deep embrace.
“Thirty percent should have covered it.” He added astonishingly.
“Are you here to save us?” Tommy asked quickly behind his brother.
“Hey, how did it go?” Steve inquired when Bucky finally reached them.
Everyone looked around at another with concern at The Professors stunning revelation. So, an alien is behind this?!  Most of the occupants of the room inwardly cringed. The last alien they dealt with leveled half of New York and nearly succeeded in taking over the world.
“Possibly, it’s hard to tell, a lot of the basements made during the time this part of this city was being constructed were built like bomb shelters.
His absence has caused such dissent among the masses that it was a matter of time before all hell broke loose anyway. Which now comes all the way around to his controversial issue at hand. Tony’s decision to involve Barnes in on this mess despite his dismal condition. Going on the times he’d done battle with this guy personally and the fact he had gotten a close up personal look at his skills at the Raft, Tony came up with the conclusion that the soldier has the capacity to be an invaluable asset to their team. So much so, that Barnes could handle the slack Steve left behind. At least for a little while.
“Okay, let’s fire her up.” Tony announced.
The repair job was wonky but holding. His suit’s performance was subpar but at least it was enough to get Steve out of there… He hoped.
“No Tony!” Steve groaned out.
“Natasha, it’s fine is in it? It doesn’t really matter how he did it as long as it is done.  We can now track this person and figure out potentially who might be next.”  Steve retorted.
“Yeah, that does suck doesn’t it. And let me tell you I hate not knowing about you. But, we can look at it this way. We get to learn about each other all over again, wouldn’t that be fun?” Steve said trying to find a suitable way to give comfort and reassure his daughter.
“Yeah!” He replied, swallowing thickly. “I’m fine, I just-“  He sighed. He did not know what to say. “It must be the shell shock.” He replied finally. “I’m fine.” He tried to reassure again.
“Nothing Cap, You kinda just had to be there earlier.”
“No!”
“You’re the one who told me that when my head was clear enough to remember my ABCs and 123s I should come to you, or did you forget, dumbass?”
“I had a mission of Tony, and he would kick my ass if he found out I gave up.” Steve smiled.
Tony came up to the Captain and regarded his painting.
Steve’s got twisted painfully. Urgency suddenly bubbling up to the surface.
Dinner was absolutely divine.  They ate their fill of incredibly delicious food and managed to drink about six lemonades between them.  They each shook the waiters hand and carried out his and the cooks request for an autograph.  The owner even came by for a piece of the action.  And they had the most delightful of conversations.
Steve snapped out of his reverie and looked up at the nurse.
Tony could only imagine what he was going through. The moment he saw the shattered cybernetics back at the Raft he knew he was in constant excruciating pain. Just by looking at it he could tell some of the work was crude and amateurish. Indicating that even when the arm was whole this man was always in pain. Now, after everything, to finally have that pain recede? What that man was experiencing now was utterly priceless.
“They were mine and my brother’s favorite toy as children.” Wanda commented conversationally.
Wow, that’s hard to watch. God, why is he so beautiful? The way he cares so damn much.
“Ah, my dearest love, there is some truth in that.  But I cannot tell you why.  What I can tell you is that there is a 0.5% chance that you can stop me.  Only if the right conditions are met.  And before you ask, I cannot tell you what those conditions are you must figure that out on your own.”  She smiled softly at them.
“I do trust you Tony, but you know how much I hate being out of the loop on top of being locked away like a caged animal.  You know!”  Steve stressed.
Tony's heart thundered within his chest as he hurtled himself through the night sky at a truly alarming speed. He put everything he could into his thrusters, forcing them beyond their designed output. He needed to get to him, to Steve. Tony berated and cursed himself over and over again at how foolish he was.
“No, it’s—it’s alright. I know it’s a… it’s an impossibility. But I just want to try to ask, just to see if I got a chance, even if it’s a one in a million possibility,” Steve’s mouth twisted again and no, oh no. The guy looked like he wanted to cry. Tony would never forgive himself if he had made Steve Rogers cry. “You don’t have to pity me, Tony.”
“Hey, look, I was just—I was just surprised,” he tried to say, tugging more insistently on Steve’s arms even though he knew it was kind of futile. Steve could damn well rip his arm off and flee as fast as the light if he wanted to.
“It’s okay, Tony,” Steve had said, and tried to smile, and the smile had looked so fake Tony almost cringed at the sight of it, his gut churning. Fuck. He had to solve this situation. And fast.
“I—” Tony was at a lost of words. It just. He just couldn’t take it back, could he? It was not something that someone had said without meaning it. He just said it so easily, without thinking, as if the feeling didn’t twist his heart for months—years now. He had been so used to the feeling that it had just become a fact. The sky is blue, water freezes up at zero degrees Celsius, and Tony Stark loves Steve Rogers. That’s just how the world goes. Tony slumped down and looked at the ground, trying not to fidget under Steve’s intense gaze. There was no salvaging this. The guy asked him on one date, and he had had to scare him off just like that. “I—yeah. I do.”
Kissing Steve is like finding the oasis after wandering around aimlessly in the desert for days. It was better than he had imagined, and he had imagined kissing Steve so many times he had stopped counting. Tony made a desperate noise as he surged up to the kiss, wrapping his arms around Steve’s waist as he kissed Steve like the world will end in the next minute. Or like the world will end if he stopped kissing Steve. Whatever. Steve’s lips are so soft and fit so perfectly with him, and Tony is a goner.
Steve had gone to him that day in his workshop, and Tony didn’t suspect anything since, well. The guy had practically come to his workshop almost every single day now, sketching in his worn-out, well-loved sketchbook that Steve refused to let him see no matter how Tony had asked and bribed him for it.
Tony Stark grew up with stories of Captain America, the living legend. Of Captain America, sickly and frail, applying for the army again and again because he wanted to help the world to become a better place. Of Captain America, righteous and truthful, marching against the HYDRA base to save his captured best friend. Of Captain America, brave and self-sacrificing, diving his plane into the Arctic to save the whole world from being nuked. Of Captain America, waking up 70 years later, ready to lift his shield once more to defend the world again.
). Tony Stark grew up with Peggy Carter, who will tell him bedtime stories about the brave Steve Rogers so often every Captain America’s adventures were etched permanently into his brain. Tony Stark grew up with the Howling Commandos, who told the stories of Captain America as they laughed boisterously or cried in sorrow, there’s no in between.
But then Steve had marched up to him today, which, huh, had been unusual, since he would usually just sit down in one corner of the workshop after greeting him with that goddamn awful smile
Tony’s brain chose that moment to shut down because. What. He must have misheard that. Never in all the universes will Tony Stark be worthy enough to be loved by Steve Rogers and oh—
“Hey, hey, no,” Tony said, panicked now. “I was just surprised before, okay? It’s not a rejection. Nope. Not at all. It’s just a… surprised reaction. I just never thought that Steve Rogers would ever ask me out. Not in a billion years. I guess I was just so used to the idea of loving you from afar since such a long time that I was just used to it and never expected anything else and you asking me out is just so beyond my equation that—”
He made a low, whiny sound when Steve parted and drew back to look at him, not that he would ever admit it even under the threats of torture. He looked up, then promptly got lost in the blue skies that are Steve’s eyes.
“Yes. Yes. A million times yes,” Tony whispered.
And then, “Tony, would you like to go on a date with me?”
“You love me?” Steve blurted out, cutting him off mid-sentence and Tony froze, mentally retracing back to what he had said in his word vomit to prevent Steve from fleeing and oh—shit. Shit shit shit.
. Then he had looked at Tony in the eyes, looking not unlike a soldier marching to the battlefield. His cheeks and neck had been red, which, intrigued and confused Tony to no end. Confused him because Tony didn’t know the reasoning behind the sudden blush, and intrigued because Tony would love to see how far down that blush would go. But nope. Not going there.
Steve smiled warmly as he watched Tony prepare whatever it was he was excited to show. He watched as Tony cleared off the platform that had various devices located at what he assumed were key points. He noticed Dumm-E in the corner of the room with a fire extinguisher handy. Steve learned a long time ago that he should be mildly concerned when Dumm-E was on fire control.
Tony seriously did not get it. Natasha has some sort of weird obsession with the guy and Tony can’t quite figure it out. What was worse was she had the audacity to bring Steve in on it. She pointed out that if Steve were here he would not want Tony to harm Barnes. The more he thought about it the angrier he got. He was sure in another universe he would fight Steve through bloody hell over this. Despite being the monster that killed his parents, Steve would only see his best friend and take his side and protect him just like he did back at the docks.
"What year?" Steve asked excited.
“Harker and the Winter Soldier.” Steve replied without missing a beat.
You are insanely hardheaded but know when to yield. You are so self-absorbed yet so hopelessly self-sacrificing. You are deeply selfish yet entirely generous. You are brash yet kind. You are hilarious yet your sense of humor is crap. You must be the world’s most beautiful walking contradiction and I desperately love you for it.
(See the end of the chapter for
He put everything he had into his armor and thrust them into the Quin-Jet. The bay doors closed and because of the jets advanced stealth technology they were invisible to all pursuers. Long story short they were fucking safe. After all that, they were “safe”. God, he could just pass out right now. Except Bucky’s vitals were spiking again.
The heroes of the room perked up at the positive tone Thor’s voice,
Steve nodded solemnly in comprehension. If Tony’s keeping track of the cases then something really is wrong.
The girl wailed brokenly. "I-I'm Eleanor, your daughter." She replied through hiccupping tears.
Bucky turned around and openly glared at him.
“I’m s-still in one p-piece,” His voice broke painfully. “I k-kinda expected you …to d-drop a building… on me …or s-something.” He croaked out of breath still desperately trying to breathe.
The doctor saw his deer in the headlights look and spoke up, "Your baby is eager to join us. Little Eleanor was just as spunky." He remarked.
“A bit young I think, but they really do seem to love each other. It’s such a shame though… I could see the way she looked at Ellie. She really loves children, it’s so unfortunate that she won’t be able to have children of her own.” She replied conversationally.
He shrugged in compromise and looked back to his drawing.
"On the contrary, his height is perfect."
Steve snapped his attention to Tony, making eye contact. Tony quickly and deftly unbuttoned and unzipped Steve's jeans in one swift motion. He dipped his hand in tenderly and pulled Steve's throbbing length free from its confines. Steve watched him with rapt attention, still maintaining eye contact. He swallowed thickly and trembled in lustful expectancy.
Tony appears to Steve again with a few shocking revelations.
It was Tony’s fault.
"Oh, of course Ellie." He frowned as his heart splintered.
They all looked up in shock at his sudden appearance and panic stricken features.  Tony ran right smack into him a moment later.
Tony visibly flinched behind him.  The Captain reached back and grabbed Tony’s hand and gave it a gentle squeeze.  Tony clutched back almost painfully.
That move threw Steve for a moment. It was like he could be looking in a mirror, an antique one, and Kevin could look up and there would be Bucky’s eyes looking at him. He could also glance back at Tommy and see himself.
“Trust me Steve, it’ll be better this way.”
“Thor, ring formation!”
“What are you going to do if you start releasing people and she tries to stop you?” He asked breaking the silence once more.
It was sometime later when Steve heard a soft knock on the bathroom door.  He had no idea how much time had passed. At some point, he had backed himself against the door and had slid down to the floor. He held his head in his hands as he kept trying to reassure himself that everything was okay.
Crap!
“86 won’t say a word to anybody since brought here by you.” Said official number one.
“Well, she did say that she had no intention of hurting us or stopping us.” Steve started.
He slowly opened it, dreading what may lie upon those pages. He swallowed thickly and removed the letter. He immediately recognized Steve’s handwriting. He skimmed over the first page realizing with guilt that they were sincere apologies to the team, specifically those he hurt directly in his escape.
“What do I need protection from?  What’s going on Tony?” Steve demanded.  His patience was wearing awfully thin.
"You, child, are a fantasy." He murmured.
"265."
“I wasn’t going to, geez.” He sighed.
“Kill him!”
“So do you know exactly what the code does?”
Tony and Steve were still speechless; any words that could be said in this situation have already been said.
Before anyone could shed their tension and ask what was going on, the screen flashed suddenly and information and alerts flew into view at an alarming rate. Tony watched as all of the random ones and zeros that had plagued him for so long started to coalesce and come together into recognizable patterns and sequences.
“Yet, here we are.” The soldier muttered. “Why are you here then?”
She returned his laugh, "It would take some millennia to regale all that I have learned about the great mother. Most, you are not meant to know anyway." She replied cryptically. "But I can tell you this. Yggdrasil is existence itself. She is everything and nothing. Everything that was, everything that is, and everything that has yet come to pass is Yggdrasil." She said reverently.
A/N: Yay! And so another one has come and gone. This was something of a filler but no less important. We’ve got some nice action coming up next chapter and eventually the dreaded confrontation of Tony and Bucky. We’re also going to find out exactly what happened to the twins. So please, stay tuned for the next chapter.
If only he could stop them, the bots. He didn't even need to fully control them. Just stop them.
“Huh, that was quick.”  Tony blinked.  He turned swiftly to Steve.  “You stay out of it!”  He told him which earned him a glare from our fine Captain.
Now Steve was utterly lost.
If everything was all said and done with, why were they still sitting here in this illusion?
A/N: Oh boy who saw that one coming?
He did not remember that many blank canvases here. He could've sworn that there had been more paintings. Perhaps Peggy moved them elsewhere.
Steve stared at her gushing form and found he had never appreciated Bucky’s point of view more. He may have been a jerk about it at the time but Bucky had been equally right. He smiled and nodded.
“Nope.” He replied simply. “Still not strong enough though.” He added, his eyes dancing with mirth.
He could feel the awful pull of the hole now. Rocks and debris sped past him as if caught in a hurricane. Some he could feel pelt his exposed body painfully.
He looked upon the sketch in his lap knowing that this is one of the ‘what ifs’ he was constantly plagued by.  ‘What if we had gotten married, what if we had settled down in that old farmhouse, what if we had kids and a dog, what if… I were happy?’  He knew he would have to eventually let it go.  That he would move on because there is no possible way to have that kind of dream now.  But he just couldn’t.  It felt like to give that piece up would be giving up a big piece of himself and he was just not ready to do that.
Tony threw his arm over his shoulder and heaved him to his feet. Bucky gritted his teeth trying to hold in his scream in agony. Tony watched the muscles in his jaw strain. His pain was excruciating. He had to make this quick.
After them the Fantastic 4 lost half of their group, Sue and Reed fell leaving Ben and Johnny utterly devastated.  Johnny had isolated himself to the window, staring outside completely unconcerned for anything else.  Steve wished desperately that he could join him, to check out and watch idly as the clouds rolled by.
“Oh God no. Definitely not Steve. And just for the record, we never, ever had sex. We were never like that.” Barnes chuckled.
The soldier disengaged.  A rope ladder came down from the helicopter.  The soldier gripped a rung with his left arm.  The helicopter made its escape with no resistance.  Steve was exhausted and thoroughly beat up.  Even if he had the energy to try and keep the chopper from making a getaway he simply couldn’t.
End Chapter Twenty-Five
Tony sighed heavily, he really did not want to go over it again.
“You sigh like the world’s ending.”
“Good morning Jane, you’re most welcome here any time. But if I had my way I wouldn’t involve any more people after yesterday. However, considering all we’ve gathered so far I will not begrudge anybody of their right to fight for this world.” Steve said as he pulled out the seat next to Natasha for Jane to sit. The others nodded in agreement.
He almost felt an urge to shed a tear, but swallowed it back as much as humanly possible in fear of Tony giving him a hard time.  He did not need Tony pestering him about his deepest innermost thoughts right now.  Nobody, but the Professor, seem to notice his inner turmoil.  Soon enough he was back to watching Tony, Hank and Bruce flit around trying to combine their ideas into something innovative.
A little too successful.
"Yep, hate to break it to you but they're kinda far away from each other too."
'I can't be too late. I can't be too late.' He muttered in a mantra as he checked Steve's vitals.
“Well, we all know where that led.” Tony commented tersely.
“Yes, you heard me right. There is an infestation of electrical fur ball thingies at the harbor!”
When the genius finally made it to his room and walked in, he stared at his perfectly made bed. He really did know how important sleep was. But he also knew the moment he laid down and closed his eyes Steve would be there. It did not matter in what form the Captain presented himself, good or bad, the guilt and pain would be there all the same.
"Oh, my dear child, you are mistaken. I have not come to aid you." She sighed. "I have come to collect that which you owe me."
“Hmm, what’s up Cap?” They stared at each other for a moment.
"It is a deal." Anük smiled serenely.
“No more revelations from you, ever! You got it?” Tony demanded pointedly.
“You need to sit this one out Cap!” The genius insisted.
Tony had just returned from having to deal with a bunch of bureaucratic nonsense. Though they managed to snuff out the chaos in San Jose with minimal casualties (Seriously Pep, nobody died. Yay us!) The media was still on the frenzy. The PR fire was a nightmare. Von Doom was in the freaky coma and the villain Harker ended up dead, (Okay he ended up dead but he was the bad guy.) And his underling disappeared without a trace. Not good.
“Oh my,” she said breathlessly as she pulled away. “I guess I don’t need to ask if you missed me.” She grinned.
Tony basked in the cheers of relief from his team for a moment.
The bot lost control of its visual sensory receptors for a short time only navigating its way using sonar and by the ruckus Captain America was deliberately making. It started regaining control of its sensors. It spotted the Captain in mere moments and with speed and accuracy, that Steve was certainly not expecting, clutched his arm in a vice. The grip started to tighten more and more to the point where Steve could feel his radius bone start to crack.
It has been almost two hours since the Avengers learned about the doom bringing Calamity. Thor had discussed with Steve what to expect regarding their journey to Asgard. He explained briefly how the Bifrost works and how to conduct himself accordingly to whom ever they were speaking with.
So Yeah, Please drop me a review, I wanna hear from you! Ugh that rhymed…
Tony knelt down and began to analyze the makeshift distorter to see if there was anything he could do to make it work better. The folly in his plan became painfully obvious when the mother emitted a strange sound he was unfamiliar with. He looked up at the pseudo-void only to find the mother starring down at him. Her opaque white eyes stared down and burrowed into his very soul.
She sighed heavily, "I may be a Celestial God but even my abilities are vastly limited. If I interfere now there could be untold cataclysmic repercussions."
That revelation in of itself felt more wretched than words can describe.  Whatever was happening, his team, his friends, Tony could not trust him with the information.  Whatever it was.  Like a slap in the face it stung on so many levels.
His conversation with Clint a few hours ago flashed into his mind.
"Daddy! Did you see mommy?!" She launched herself at him.
“Thing made it to the factory but he’s still swamped, Storm is heading there now. Torch is still on perimeter but he’s fading fast. When he falls the fur balls will break containment.”
“Mr. Stark, cut the game and surrender.”
“Mr. Stark, have you confirmed the presence of our foe?” Fury eyed Tony.
Tony opened it as SpiderMan web slinged back into the fray.
“Well, not much of anything except out run them.” Tony put everything into his thrusters.
“Aww Cap! You’re so mean meee!” He whined from his place on the floor.
Tony nodded and crawled into the bed never taking his eyes off of Steve.
“AVENGERS!”
When he woke he noted how the air was crisp and fresh and smelt of the sea. He yawned deeply and began to stretch only to regret it instantly. He felt many of his stitches tugging agonizingly in protest. He felt his already tender flesh tear open again where he popped the stitches yesterday after his impact with the pavement after his great escape.
The Captain nodded.
Fifteen feet…
“You can be wounded?”  Steve asked a bit flabbergasted along with another feeling he was not going to identify.
"But here we are! You just standing there with your calm, understanding face like I'm not the most despicable person on earth, like it's not my fault that crazy bitch got exactly what she wanted from you. Like I'm not the cowardly piece of shit who was too afraid of telling you how much I loved you when you really needed to hear it most.
He held up the second device.
“Here!” Steve grabbed a stack of old newspapers from a pile by the door. “Trust me this will work!” He smiled as he started to ball up the pages and stuff them into the toe of the large waders.
End Chapter Thirty-Two
Tony began to deepen the kiss. Steve wondered how could he feel numb and on fire all at once as his tongue slid languidly against the genius’s? The knowledge of just where Tony’s mouth had just been not long ago made this all the more acrimonious. He slid his hand through Tony’s dark hair and clutched the back of his head to deepen the kiss further. This action elicited a desperate moan from the genius.
Tony pulls him self together long enough to seek answers after reading Steve's letter.
The child’s demeanor changed instantaneously.
“Is this the test!?” Steve finally uttered.
"Sure thing, hon. Please do come again!" She smiled back.
'And I'm going to fucking enjoy it!' He thought with extreme malice.
Steve could vaguely hear Natasha and Clint shout for him, they sounded so far away. He couldn’t clearly see his foe any longer, his vision becoming dark. Darker and darker. He thought he might lose consciousness or worse any moment.
“Jarvis, I need more scotch.”
When he finally made it back to the waiting area, Ellie called out to him.
Steve began to describe how Tony came in a short time later. He went to wretched details on the kiss they shared and how Steve had come to the conclusion that Tony was trying to manipulate him. Just as he predicted tears began to roll down his face without his permission.
If Tony had his way he’d either have him dead or locked away. He had half a mind to send him right back to the Raft.
Also be warned this is super slow burn. I can not write short stories to save my life.
“This is not open for discussion! Thor, take him now!”
Steve frowned deeply at the man's statement.
“You are! How the fuck did that happen?”
"How'd it go?" Tony asked with a sigh, marveling at how odd the soldier looked with his hair braided back out of his face. No doubt courtesy of Natasha.
“Like I said, you will read this book to me and tell me what I need to know.  Or I will blow your disgusting brains out you ungrateful twit!”  He bellowed spitting and foaming at the mouth.
His trek into town wasn't as bad as he thought it was going to be. Hell, he had marched all over Europe during the war. Nothing could stop him. A scenic walk into town was nothing. When he did it as a child while he stayed with his grandmother it usually left him horribly winded, the walk triggering his asthma. He guessed there was a significant amount of sense memory that triggered old fears before the serum.
Steve melted in utter relief when he spotted Bucky bound up to them. They were waiting up for him in a random park away from prying eyes near a duck pond. The Captain nearly launched himself off of the bench to greet his friends eager to reassure himself that he had returned to him safely. He stayed put however to ensure that he did not attract any unnecessary attention with rapid movement.
As he gazed at the lone figure in the cell he felt a chill run down his spine. They were bound to a gurney in the middle of the cell not unlike Steve was… Copious amounts of medical equipment weaved around the prisoners many restraints. Tony took and the various medical stats the machines displayed. Tony realized with a start that the prisoner was conscious and staring at the ceiling. The only indication the prisoner made that Tony’s presence was acknowledged was a swiftly deepening frown.
“Everyone’s here ‘Big Guy’ you have the floor!” Tony transmitted the visual from his phone to the monitor in the room.
Now's definetly not the time to wallow, if they don't stop what's happening now then Steve's sacrifice would be in vain!
“Ready to sit up?” Tony asked.
Thus the source of his inner turmoil. Tony desperately tried to hold on to his anger and blame Steve for everything because he knew the moment he relented and faced the reality of the situation he’d have to accept the fact that he single-handedly hurt the one he loved most and brought him to his breaking point. That was unforgivable.
“I do.” Barnes replied. “I paid attention when they experimented on me. In the beginning, I had hoped to learn everything I could, then escape and bring back the information to our allies. I never did get the escape part of the plan right.” He joked humorlessly.
She smiled almost imperceptibly.
“I’ll be happy to assist you Captain.” Ororo Munroe also known as Storm approached Steve with a respectful nod.
“Be strong, honey.” Peggy urged again.
“Oh finally! A more relevant question.”
"ETA on the hole closure, Jar?"
It’s far too early in the morning to deal with Tony.
Beep. Beep.
Tony Seeks perspective.
Yet another person who did not get a wink of sleep, obviously.
He readjusted himself to directly face The Captain. Steve was on the verge of a panic attack and Tony could only guess why. Waking up in the 21st century was overwhelming enough but to learn about the horrors of modern pathogens and the complex innovative technology would be enough to scare the shit out of anyone waking up 70 year away from their time. Then to top it all off there’s the progressive mutated humans and advanced races of aliens from distant galaxies, so I say the ‘out of time’ Super soldier is allowed a panic attack every so often.
Fury cleared his throat, they pulled away quickly.
‘Well,’ Steve mused. ‘I’m sure one sundae is certainly not going to be enough.’
"Daddy, why are you frowning?" Ellie asked looking up at him.
Steve’s breath caught in his throat as he realized with true terror his brother’s intended target was Tony! With that weapon he could do it. Steve froze in trepidation unable to fully comprehend everything that was happening. He saw the ferocity in his friend’s eyes and took in his entire nightmarish appearance, his right arm limp at his side dripping blood at an alarming rate and his frightening left arm glittering in the sunlight with false hope holding a weapon that could kill his love.
He could not stop thinking about the soldier for the life of him. If Calamity was going to claim him soon he at least wanted this mystery solved. There was something utterly devastating about him. The way he moved, his very presence is familiar somehow.
“Am I ever!? I am going to punch him in his puny face!” Bellowed the Thing.
Steve only nodded, not quite sure where the man's head was at.
Before he knew it his face was forcefully pulled up.  His pale grey eyes met Tony’s stricken brown ones.
Of everything they went through up till now, at the present they are here, prey to this unknown thing like icing on the accursed cake of their lives.
Tony’s eyes widened, “Who?”
She raised one perfect eyebrow at his response.
It was an absolute stalemate.
It did not escape Tony’s attention that if he had given into his hate, anger, pettiness and petulance, he would have failed. The exact same way he failed Steve. It was Calamity’s intention to use Tony’s anger and insecurities to drive Steve away so that she could be in the perfect position to claim him. It was also her intention to use his rage and hate to eliminate the one person in the world that could help Tony save them.
"I know, Peg, it will likely be the same for tomorrow and maybe the next day." He finished for her. "We went over this yesterday and the day before that." He smiled at her. "I've got this, Peg. Don't worry."
Over the next few days Steve meandered throughout the top two floors of the tower looking for anything he could use to make his escape. He had decided eventually that it really was the best thing his friends could have come up with in regards of containing him. He was high up enough that simply jumping out of a window would either be lethal or immensely painful and crippling. Also being so high up meant even if he could trick his way past his team he’d have to find his way through security on over a hundred different floors.
“Why were you confined?” Wanda asked.
"I-I have to go now, there's some bad guys doing bad things and I gotta go stop them." He stared at Steve's unconscious, still form and he could feel his already broken heart break all over again. "The-the thing is you won't be here when I get back. So, this…" He paused and glanced at the heart monitor that was beeping at a painfully slow rhythm. "So, this is… Goodbye." He said finally, forcing his tears back.
Steve didn't bother writing it down, somehow, he knew it would only disappear again. He was certain something hinky was happening and somehow it centered around Tony, his time traveling friend. (Lover?)
He could barely muster the motivation to even move. He suppressed his emotions the best he could, then gingerly repositioned Steve's body in his arms and made the arduous, hellish flight back to the tower…
“Sasha as in ‘the’ Sasha?? As in the guy who…”
"That was you tearing his soul out?" Natasha spoke this time.
She smiled back and continued to look through the files while Natasha and Clint began to explain to her exactly what happened yesterday.
"So, I can do this…"
“Feels fine. Even better than the first one ever did.” He stated with an air of derision.
“Tony.”  He said gently, the genius looked up at him expectantly.  “If anybody can find a potential cure you can.  We do things differently here on earth.  With whatever information Thor has to provide I’m sure if we all work together we’ll find a way.”  Steve smiled reassuringly at Tony.
‘Nothing my ass.’  He thought.
“Besides, shouldn’t I be getting adequate rest. I mean I did just nearly get my heart ripped out.” He said gesturing to his abdomen.
She still clutched her doll in her arms. How strange, it now seemed to have fiery red hair and a black bodysuit. His eyes rose to her face and he startled. This little girl in front of him hardly looked any different than before, he could clearly make out his own features in her tiny face just as he had before. However, when he looked into her eyes he did not see Peggy's sharp, cunning, chestnut eyes. What he saw instead was that Ellie had the wide, intelligent, chocolate eyes of Tony stark.
“Thank you Steven, It is good to be back.”
“Y-you heard your mother, Babydoll, naptime.” He announced firmly. At least he hoped it was firmly.
“Yeah, think I can do that.”  Tony responded so civilly.  Many expected him to pitch a fit  at the idea of someone else handle in his program.
“Each one has been vastly different from the last, we just have to wait out the storm. One day you will just wake up and it will all be back. All of the doctors say to simply have patience, my darling.” She replied matter-of-factly.
Johnny laughed ready to comply.
“’My, your mind is like an open book. The very aura of your mind…truly outstanding. It is hard to find a man with such a humble nature and pure intent in these current times.’” Xavier spoke to Steve within his mind.
Even as she predominantly held his attention as she worked extra hard on the pony’s feathers, his eyes kept flickering down to his own drawing of the odd suit of armor from his dreams. The more he tried to understand and identify the torrent of emotions he felt upon viewing the image the more it all became foggy and slipped through his fingers like fine sand. But there was one thing that he somehow knew for sure.
“Hey, I never said I was any better!”
“Fan-friggin-tastic!!” Tony exclaimed with the howl before sinking into the sofa with a long-suffering sigh.
He paused for a moment and listened into his earpiece, “Apparently Professor Xavier and the other X-men are heading our way, hopefully with them we can hash out more of a contingency plan.”
“Are you insane? After everything it’s ‘No hard feelings?’ I killed your parents!” He shouted furious.
~Meanwhile…
All of a sudden, the hospital scene was whole again.
This is so ridiculous! He still fills all this love, devotion and adoration for the man before him. He’s utterly torn. He desperately wants to wrench himself away from Tony and yet, he also wants to pull him closer and never let go. Instead he nods, a tear began rolling down his face without permission. He does not know what to do. He almost was going to give in and trust Tony but then he remembered all the reasons why he can’t.
“It’s okay Tony; I guess a lot of us are like that.  Wanting it to be better for our kids than what we had it."
Tony started to approach him, perhaps to touch him or embrace him, he did not know. He did know that if he allowed it he would not stop. He was so scared of so many things. Steve backed away coldly and shook his head. The look of shock and pain on Tony’s face was almost too much to bear. But he had to do it this way.
Iron Man, the stupid dumb ass.
“Okay!” She shouted before flinging herself off of Steve and began running for the stairs.
He had to find him first! He just had to. Steve was just about to go into panic mode, but he could sense everybody getting ready to take him down. He saw the glint in a Natasha’s eyes. He had to remain calm and come up with a plan.
“Oh my fucking God! What the hell! They didn’t even treat you!” Tony gaped at the wound.
Tony scoffed again as he sat down dramatically on a work stool. It’s funny really, many people were completely and utterly convinced that he had no heart despite the glowing evidence to the contrary. A heartless selfish bastard, always operating according to his own agendas. Tony stared at his scarred worn hands as they clinched and unclenched into fists. He chuckled bitterly at how wrong those ignorant misguided people were. He did have a heart and it was shattered.
'No! I am needed elsewhere.'
“It’s such a shame though, that Captain America met with such an untimely fate. You’ll be next though, I promise!” The Rhododendron shouted.
“Yes Buck, I am.”
“Please, just leave.” The soldier uttered just barely above a whisper.
“Quite possibly.”
Calamity looked far off before laughing too herself.
Apparently Jane was rather annoyed with Darcy because she had created a very provocative and popular fansite online centered around Thor. Darcy, as usual, was rather unrepentant.
Calamity talks.
Steve raised his eyebrows at that.
“Sure thing Cap.” Tony smiled.
Steve stared at his drawings of the man. He really felt bad for him. He couldn't remember him for one and he had apparently broken his heart for another. Not to mention, he still did not know the man's name. He did find some modicum of peace in the fact that his relationship likely existed with the man before his marriage to Peggy. At least he hadn't cheated on her.
“Should be.” Barton murmured sarcastically.
Tony put his tinkering tools down and gave Steve his semi undivided attention.
Tony blanched and grimaced. As much as he would love to throw Barnes under the bus as he was the one that killed Harker, he could not, would not do that to him.
"Yes, they are all here." She gestured to her chest. "Each one. Waiting for the day we will all come together and reconnect every one. My body is a vessel for each and every soul I have ever taken."
He basked in the cheers and hallelujahs of his team. It was only a matter of time now. He squashed down and buried deep the sick feeling that tried to rise to the surface that came from knowing excatly what this news ment for Steve...
“He’s unstable and confused, I’m the only one least likely to die trying.”
But, he had an idea.
“Did Nat tell you to talk to me?” Clint asked matter of factly.
Beep. Beep. Beep.
Calamity gently ran her fingers down the Captains left cheek and across his jaw.  She lightly ran her thumb over Steve’s bottom lip.
Before he could reply however Steve continued, “besides, shouldn’t I be getting adequate rest. I mean I did just nearly get my heart ripped out.” He said gesturing to his abdomen.
Steve was beside himself. He had absolutely no idea Tony had noticed such an odd and unique detail about himself. Tony is naturally a bit more on the selfish side and Steve was truly shocked to learn that the genius had taken the time to notice something so… intimate…
“Get back in!” He commanded urgently.
“Yeah, we'll get right to it.”  Tony said as he looked at Bruce, verifying that they can continue with just the two of them alone.
~-0-~
Steve was also pleased to note that the added weight he was carrying was not stressing out his injuries too much.
“I told you to stay out of it, Cap!”  Tony snapped as the Iron Man suit enveloped his body.
Johnny held up a shaking hand and snapped his fingers a couple of times. There was only one little spark but nothing else.
“Don’t worry, I’m going to do my best not to let that happen. But first we gotta move. I’ve got people looking for me too.” Steve urged.
It was Bucky’s turn to look at Steve in disbelief.
“Where do we start?” Asked Bruce as he looked at all of the information, becoming overwhelmed.
Tony stared at him apprehensively.
Just as they were about to brainstorm a solution JARVIS chimed in with a phone call they were all anticipating and dreading since the beginning.
The bunny continued, "See, you would be quite accurate if this beauty here was merely a run-of-the-mill spatial distortion blackhole."
“That would be my queue to leave.” Professor Xavier stated knowing his presence was needed elsewhere.
They were the souls.
He can literally feel that eye twitch from before start to develop again.  He shook his head.  That man is by far one of the most aggravating person he has had the unfortunate of meeting.
Tony groaned pathetically as he began thumping his head on the table again.
Bucky nodded and smiled fondly as Steve recounted everything was so much passion and reverence.
As soon as he was convinced none of them were about to do something drastic like commit suicide or murder, he found himself on the roof looking at the vast cityscape.  The sunset was giving it an ethereal glow.  He only tore his eyes away from the horizon after the sun had completely set.  With the last of the visible light he looked out at the surrounding land of the compound.  It was still noticeably scarred from the battle with the Winter Soldier.
Before any could respond however, the horrendous wail coming from the portal got louder. Hundreds more of the eggs came through followed by a massive gnarled beak.
He clicked his tongue and looked down at his wrist that continued to burn and pulsate. The black markings seem to be radiating colors he didn't even know could exist.
“Jesus fucking Christ Tony! You really did stage a prison break!” Clint shouted disbelievingly from his perch in the pilot seat.
“Do you know this algorithm?” He asked eagerly, hope blossoming in his chest.
"2014."
Good, because he really needed to see Steve anyway. Like yesterday.
“Ow?” The soldier smirked.
Steve stood quickly, he set his coffee cup down on the chair and followed the nurse.
“I understand. I- thank you. I needed the perspective.” He admitted.
He looked up to find Ellie staring at him wide-eyed and slack-jawed. After she realized she now held his attention she took a deep breath and squealed, “That was amazing!!” At the other top of her lungs.
Chapter Forty-Eight: When Triumph Bleeds into Bliss
“How about I give you a little hint?” She mused.
“No!  You shouldn’t see him yet.  He’s conscious but unresponsive.  We fear any over stimulus could make his condition worse.”
"Now I should be off, there are many others to look after.”
Let the show begin then.
Barnes stood up quickly to face Tony. He remained close to the wall, however. He was in a near state of shock.
He kept stirring the liquid mixture as she began to steadily poor the sifted flour into the other mixing bowl.
He was subconsciously leaning just a little bit more toward Tony, achingly seeking comfort. His eyes were despairingly pale. His crutch started to shake do to his desperate grip upon it.
Oh man, he did not even know how he was going to explain that one to Bucky. Thanks a fucking lot Maximoff.
Steve had just tossed his shield and turned just in time to get zapped by a fluff ball. He screamed out scaring the children. He punched it and made it ‘poof’ out of existence.
Tony knew without a shadow of a doubt that things wouldn’t have become as bad as they had if Steve were there. Steve was their leader for a reason. The Captain was one of the best friends he’s ever had for a reason. But now, the genius stood in his workshop utterly alone, restless, manic and distraught, all because he had to go and fuck things up as per usual. All because he thoroughly underestimated Calamity and let her manipulate him into believing Steve had betrayed them.
"This is indeed me." She answered. "My true visage."
"Y-you helped me with Rocky… And painted landscapes." She answered confused and scared.
“No, Natasha and Clint are down there. What about the Doom bot?!” His outburst cause another bout of coughing.
It is such a shame, Asgardian alcohol is the one thing he’d absolutely let kicked his ass right now. And really, in terms of alcohol, it’s probably the only thing they can.
“Hold on, just to be clear, you don’t care that I’m in love with another man?” He asked with trepidation.
He also looked sideways at Steve’s
"Crap."
“I’m sure.” The Captain stated adamantly.
“Hmm, I know! It’s like you always say, to be prepared for anything and to stay aware of my surroundings!” She smiled.
“And the fallen, they remain uninjured and perfectly healthy?”  He asked obviously connecting only dots he would know in his head.
When Tony finally managed to goad Steve into verbal battles, that bastard had a hidden talent for poetic insults. He was so sophisticated about it he never had to use a curse word one. Tony still felt some of those barbs. Now, the genius found, however, how Steve ended up being like that. It was no wonder considering he had to spend most of his life with a creature like Barnes.
“Oh, Ellie Sweetie, you will be better than me one day. I’m certain of it.” He said pulling her into a hug. “I don’t know if I ever told you but for most of my life I couldn’t even see colors right. It wasn’t until after the procedure that I could even see reds and greens.”
A/N: And another chapter has come and gone. We are on the home stretch now and I can’t wait till we get to the climactic showdown. I cannot wait till the story is finally done and over with and I do hope all of you will be there for the end.
Barnes swallowed a growl.
Bruce stood by Coulson and Maria, all had clear looks of vexation on their faces. Tony, Steve and Thor were sitting at the other side of the table from Natasha and Clint. Steve was holding on to his crutch like a vice. Tony was scowling at his phone and Thor was quite pensive.
“So,” He said suddenly, catching Barnes’s attention.
He began to write out his letter starting with sorely needed apologies. He didn’t want to go in too deep. He had but a few pages left and he knew the moment he opened up to leave is message for Tony he could write a novel. He didn’t have room for a novel, so he had to make every word count.
Tony and the others watched with bated breath as the progress bar crept along, seemingly filling at the smallest increments possible. It was utter torture. No one but Tony dared to speak a word in fear that doing so would somehow jinx them all. This was it. The moment of truth. Was the algorithm Bucky provided the key to Calamity’s code?
Only when there was nothing left to take, did I stop and think about what I had done and to fully understand the chaos and ruin and had wrought. I had realized that my own actions were no better than those who had committed the first murder.
*~0~*
"Because, my dear Archer, though it looked dead it was not all dead. If it sensed my presence it would have latched on to me and revived. Then where would we all be?" She replied.
“And this is so you feel little to no pain during the procedure.” Tony supplemented.
He was putting too much stress on his already broken abdomen. The pain was nearly unbearable, yet he managed to ignore it, finding sickening comfort an old instincts. He cleared his mind and assessed the situation, he could almost trick himself into believing pain did not exist when he had a mission.
“We’ll good thing I have a friend that’ll fix all this.” He replied as they walked through the house.
She looked up at him and smiled wide. "The baby's coming! We need to get to the hospital!" She finally got out.
*Sweat drops*
Kevin nodded quickly.
This is what he wanted, to fight this guy again.
Tony pulled a tablet out of his satchel and readied himself to plug the device in.
It’s going to happen soon, Tony, and I already know that our next meeting isn’t going to be pretty. I just want you to know that no matter how our encounter plays out, I’ll still love you, no matter what. And that despite everything that has happened and will happen I forgive you for everything.
Steve sighed; Tony’s in one of those moods. Then the genius snapped his fingers as if in an epiphany; a seemingly brilliant idea crossing his mind.
They stared into each other’s eyes for a moment and Tony found that Steve’s eyes began to change color once more. The tips of the Captain’s fingers began to gently rub and play with the hair on the nape of the genius’s neck. They slowly began to move closer simultaneously, their lips were a mere inch apart now.
He shifted in a miserable and futile attempt to alleviate the biting pressure of his restraints. He was in shackles. He noted his ankles bound along with his neck. Now he truly felt like a caged animal, collar and all.
"Keeps me from dying."
That is not saying much. Both of you are incredibly hardheaded and unyielding. I thought it would be nearly impossible."
A/N: Woot! Yes, this one is a bit short but chapter 29 is definitely a bit bigger. And if I don’t end up breaking up chapter 30 it will likely be the largest one yet. But it depends. I may need to break it up and if I do it may end up broken into 3 to 6 pieces inadvertently making them my shortest chapters yet. We shall see. I’ll start typing up chapter 29 tonight and hopefully I’ll get that to you within the next week.
Steve put a pin in that statement for later and continued, "But right now I have amnesia from the shell shock. I don't remember anything after the war." Steve admitted levelly.
Tony’s head snapped up abruptly then he yanked the little tool off his face with a bit more force than necessary. Barnes only smirked at him.
Steve called out in a deafening roar as he stood on the precipice of a decimated building overlooking the harrowing battlefield. His golden hair waved in the winds; his pale milky skin was blemish free. His shield was braced over his left arm proudly, adamantly. He stood with absolute authority and prideful resonance.
Say things he couldn’t say before.
"Stark, can you make a new one before either of those two things happen?" Captain America- Barnes questioned with urgency.
The screaming that echoed over the coms gave him the energy to press on.  As horrifying as the situation was there was a modicum of reassurance in the agonizing screams of his team.  If they had the capacity to scream they were still alive.  So at least there was that.
“Did you know?” His question scathing.
“My order for right now is that everybody needs to go get some shut eye.  I don’t care how you do it, I don’t care if you have to drug yourself. Each and every one of you are gonna figure out how to sleep somehow.  Because Professor Xavier is right, we need to strengthen our minds. In order to do that we need to give our minds exactly what it needs which is rest and recuperation.  I want you all to get at least five hours of sleep.  That is not negotiable.  And as soon as you are all recuperated you will follow these orders…”  He preceded to order Natasha, Steve, Bruce and Clint on standby until further notice.  He ordered Coulson to be the one to inform Bruce and Clint of their orders when they come to.  He told Maria she knows what to do.  He then ordered Tony, Hank and the Professor to reconvene with their plan after the resting period.  “Okay if everybody’s got that, get the hell out of here.”
"Tony." Steve warned.
"It happens to be 1,256." Tony's scowled deepened.
Still, he was continuously disturbed by the sounds of hatching and wailing and the subsequent sound of their squelching death. At the same time Tony was getting reports in that his Iron Legion robots were doing a fantastic job safely disabling the fuzz buzz around the world. However, the knockoff doom bots, though weaker than actual doom bots, where picking off his Iron Legion robots one by one.
“Oh Steve, God, I’m so sorry.”
“I’m so sorry, I cannot say.”
Apparently Steve had actually been unconscious for three days and was in a trancelike state for eighteen hours.  The Captains immensely stupid and idiotic idea worked beautifully, however.  From what they were able to analyze from various sources Steve’s quick thinking and sacrifice saved thousands upon thousands of people.
Now more confusion has set in.
He nodded shakily. He quickly left the factory behind in the dead of night heading straight to that church on Arbor Street.
Meanwhile Clint and Natasha had approached Steve’s bed.  Nat had leaned in for a hug first.
Steve gulped, not good.
Chaos, a dismal head count and a secret comes to light.
“Jesus Christ, Tony! That’s the data you have to figure out?!” Clint gasped out, shocked.
“You were arrested in times square in 2005 new years eve for indecent exposure??” He asked utterly bemused instead.
It felt the same way the first time he saw her cry. It was almost enough to sway him. But he thought back to why he was doing this. He shook his head.
The plants and animals had truly amused me for a time. However, encountering my first sentient creature on this planet had truly satisfied me in a way nothing else could. It was also the first time I learned something significant about myself. I could see it's living soul clearer than any other and I marveled at its beauty.
"Daddy please answer me, what's wrong?" The girl cried.
“Please?! You don’t get to come here acting like the innocent victim when Steve’s the one that took the hit.” He shouted.
They stared into each other's eyes longingly for a moment before simultaneously leaning in and–
“Please, it’s important.” Tony pleaded.
Steve looked up at him slowly.
“Please, just tell me what happened.” He tried again.
I hated you.
Steve rights a letter and Bucky sends it.
Tony looked at Steve, anticipating perhaps more insight on the cases. Steve eagerly awaited Bruce's arrival also in hopes of receiving new information.
“Look, I know that the Professor talked to you earlier, and I just wanted to know how you were doing.”  Tony replied as he stood stiffly.  He knew this was likely not going to go the way he wants.
Coulson was hoping that he wouldn’t have to almost die again. It was very painful. In fact he did die on the table four times. Recovery took virtually six months.
Xavier listened to everyone as they all traveled down their own thought processes. Until Steve broke everyone’s reverie.
“I’m sorry but it’s just not that easy for me to accept.  You heard what Thor said yesterday, no cure.  No cure.  If one of us gets caught, that’s it, kaput.”  Stated a distraught Clint.
“Ellie, Sweetie? Do you know why I get sick?”
He was not even going to bother asking why she was asking. The way he felt about the whole strange situation was probably written all over his face.
He knew the Captain was trying to lighten the mood with a joke, but it was downright horrible.  So he then proceeded to tell him so.
Of course his friends would want to spend time with him before Calamity claimed him. He would love to spend time with them, especially Tony. But how could he knowing Bucky was out there somewhere with no telling the kind of hell that’s happening in his head? How could he justify happily spending time with his friends when it’s his fault his brother was out there somewhere falling apart?
“That is rather indeterminant but I’d say within a month, give or take.”  She replied.
“I feel it deep down. We are but dust in the wind compared to her. This isn’t about stopping her anymore, this isn’t about our world anymore but the entire universe. Regardless of whether or not she can be trusted is irrelevant now. Considering what we know she is capable of, if she wants to play a game, then so be it, we will play along.”
It was a bit of a slower pace than before but all were still working fluidly together.  The Captain would almost think it to be close to a comfortable peace until both Hank’s and Xavier’s mobile phones went off at the same time.  Hank answered his first.  Both Hank's and the Professor's expressions changed from perked curiosity to downright morbid horror.
“Very good sir, I will take care of your orders immediately.”  The waiter confirmed enthusiastically as he took Tony’s menu.  He bid them adieu and leapt to do his job.
“Ah huh! He was gorgeous and magnificent. His wings had seven different colors!” She began to describe.
"At ease, son." Steve commanded. "I'm here-"
"I'm glad. I'm glad you don't remember and are happy…here. It was bad and we fell out hard and…" He stopped and pinched the bridge of his nose to contain his emotions.
Now his malice was solely focused on her.
From what Tony could hear of the commotion, the new wave hit. He took no time hacking into the computer.
Steve ignored him.  He was sure he could reach the core.  If anyone could it would be him at this point.  Hell, he’s gotten electrocuted so much by these things today, what’s little more?
"So what next, I still belong to you, right?"
“You’re not helping!” Tony almost hissed.
“Yes, I can Ellie. Heck, I could probably paint anything I wanted now.”
He found the works and even technique completely unfamiliar to him. They were utterly stale and without feeling.
Steve smiled as he led them back out. Most of our heroes were beginning to retire for the night, passing them in the halls as they headed to their new rooms. The Captain bid Peter a good night and started to head to his own room.
Steve turned to Johnny slowly with a sad smile.
He found a tree not far from the road and sat under it. He didn’t really think of anything in particular. He just sat and watched the world live. We watched the clouds move in the sky which was still changing colors. He noted that it was turning from gorgeous golden hues to the brilliant illustrious blue. A small breeze formed and gently caressed his skin and lightly played with his golden hair. The zephyr also pranced through the field of wildflowers, making all of the beautiful splashes of color dance and sway to a tender melody.
"You wanted to find Papa right?" She asked unsure.
And now he doesn’t have Tony to lean on.  Everything seems to be slipping away, right through his fingers like fine sand.  It’s near the end of the world and he’s sitting there alone brooding.
“Yes!  That is what I’m talking about!” He exclaimed, poking at his phone.
Being ever perceptive Clint posed a question, “So if stuff is going on in their heads, can’t the Professor read their minds and tell us what’s going on in there?”
He absently wondered how he was even capable of still feeling such emotions of grandeur even after everything. Calamity became visible once more and laughed lightly.
Tony rolled his eyes and turned back to Barnes. The soldier was staring up at the hologram utterly transfixed, eyes open wide.
He gently parked Mary Anne in front. The massive sign above the large storefront window read “Harold’s Ice Cream Parlor” in the same flowing cursive as it had two decades before. Steve sighed in relief, there was something oddly refreshing that the sign was exactly as he remembered it.
But then he stopped and his train of thought traveled down another path.
“We are fine Steve, thanks to you. You should really rest now.” Natasha stated from her seat next to Steve.
Tony resisted the urge to say anything more knowing he’d probably get his neck snapped. Instead he returned his attention to the elevator frowning. They had to time this perfectly.
Because he was no longer connected to Jarvis, he had no way of knowing just how much power he was consuming. If he wasn't careful, he could inadvertently use too much power all at once and kill himself.
He did.
There was the sound again. He bounded up to a house and took out the fluff balls crowding the way with his shield. He was sure the sound was coming from this house. He entered stealthily taking out fluff balls as he went. He swiftly located the basement to find the door locked. He took a deep breath before forcing the door open. It’s lock flimsy against the Captain’s strength.
Barton and Wanda watched the scene play out very much entertained.
It was a tiny humanoid-esk crystal-like figure with wings. Some of his team members that had managed to shake off their initial shock had tentatively moved closer to get a look at what Tony was now holding.
So stupid. Fuck!
“Hey guys! How’s it hanging?” The genius spoke up. Nobody said a word. “No small talk then? It’s fine, I prefer getting down to business anyway, Jarvis?”
End Chapter 35
"Name it!"
Next chapter will reveal all. Everything you ever wanted to know about Anuk's plan and then some. (hopefully) Which means we will finally find out what exactly is the kind of deal Steve made with Anuk. Well until the Next time.
Steve smiled.  He needed this in more ways than anybody could possibly understand.
However, Steve had to take the lead point.  There was still a deadly assassin on the loose on top of everything so Fury was still underground.  The Captain had to put his selfish desires aside and lead what’s left of their team.  No unit came out unscathed and Steve had to rally what’s left of their broken numbers.  As it was they lost Bruce, Betty and Eric.
He immediately realized that was the absolute stupidest thing to say when one of her shiny black Christian Louboutin pumps collided with his rib cage brutally.
“I’ll keep that in mind.”
The thing is it wasn’t so much a terrible idea, it is actually considerably a good one. However, in regards to their tiny little planet who is only now finally catching up technologically with other advanced races in the universe still doesn’t have quite the grasp on some kind of global escape plan.
“No! Thor take him and the others, that’s an order!” Steve commanded.
He was also eternally grateful that he had copied the program when he had commandeered the original distorter before.
However, when he opened his eyes and looked out the window again, the man was gone. Steve blinked in surprise a couple of times before darting out the back door hoping he would catch the guy and hopefully get some answers.
“I have faith that he’s sober.” Replied Steve.
“I just went through everybody’s vitals.”  He said.  It’s passed sixty nine seconds. Everyone is fine.”
How the fuck did that happen!? Nobody was supposed to know!! Rhodey and Pepper don’t even know! What the ever-loving Fuck!? Fuck!
Both times…
"Tony needs me. I need to find him." He murmured and looked at her, urging her to understand.
Not just because of the things that have transpired the last several hours or the last several weeks or even months. He just wished… Well, he didn’t really know what he wished anymore. Everything was just so messed up it’s difficult to make heads or tails of anything.
She continued. "I know you are poised to break my hold over the citizens of this world." She said almost pensively. "However, allow me to ask you this, should you?" She inquired, finally turning to face him.
0.5% is a tiny window.
Tony POV and Steve back in time.
“What was it?” The annoying genius drawled out mockingly. “Oh yeah aggressive_cocks.com.” He finished with a triumphant smirk.
The Captain took in his surroundings.  He found that he was in an infirmary room in the compound.  He looked at the monitor that had held his attention since his awakening.
"… Don't know if you can hear me, but I'm going to say what I got to say anyway…"
Then he regarded Steve,
He walked along the path where the roses lined the fence. He let his fingers gently brush against the delicate petals of the flowers as he walked by. He took note of the different hues displayed by the different bushes. There were yellow, pink, white, and red roses. The red ones were his favorite. He stopped at a red rose bush and lingered for a moment, admiring how the petals started out as a bright crimson red at the base and deepened to a few shades darker at the tips.
Steve excused himself swiftly. He resolutely avoided his team’s shocked faces and desperately pretended not to notice Clint fork over a large wad of cash to Natasha.
“I think me and Wanda can handle that.” Barton said grabbing her hand and pulling her to the exit.
He rolled his eyes and scoffed.
Tony tried to attack a few other weaknesses he saw. However, they quickly guarded themselves and retaliated. Obviously, other members of his team had found the same exact vulnerable points.
The translator nodded desperately and began to glance through the book.  If it were even possible he became even more terrified.
Three of our Avengers have a break down.
"What things, Tony? Our falling out?" Steve suggested.
Tony quickly but deftly began to remove the restraints. After the soldier was thoroughly unbound, Tony began to remove the medical equipment carefully. They were mostly monitoring systems but there were a few IVs that Tony felt reluctant to remove.
Now that he knew Bucky was safe he finally took a moment to really think about what he did to his team. He was definitely the one that was wrong on a lot of points. Though his team locked him away against his wishes they did do it with his best interests at heart. And yeah, Fury was right, he could definitely not make proper rational decisions. Especially in the state he was in.
“Well… Wasn’t that just a lovely cup of sunshine?… The kind of fucked up shit that happens out there.” Being the kind of agents he and Natasha are would make them, on occasion, stumble upon and even experience such predicaments of the like, that would definitely make one question humanity.
No sign of her.
"Yes, I am, good day!" Steve turned on his heel and briskly walked away the way he came, leaving the concerned shopkeeper behind.
Scott definitely looked profoundly nervous but nodded vigorously anyway.
“Jarvis said you wanted to talk, said you would behave?” Tony drawled.
“What the ever loving fuck is that?!” Johnny questioned utterly repulsed.
“I don’t… Know?”
Bucky stared wide-eyed in wonder as he began to turn around and around to take them all in.
“Listen Steve, despite your internment something else pushed you over the edge. I’m sure it wasn’t the vice president assassination.” Bucky pressed the Captain closer. “What happened Steve? What aren’t you telling me?”
“You’re my mission.” He declared before punching Steve in the face once more.
“I let you fall once; it was not going to happen again! Never again.” Steve responded in a low growl.
If there was one person in the entire world he truly loved it was his sister. Now she was gone.
“My dear, you need to get ready! Howard and his fiancé will be here in an hour.”
“It’s alien technology, Pepper. The encryption was just a taste. This thing? It’s beyond me.” He stated with melancholy. “Yeah, maybe if I had more time. With weeks, months or years I could do it, I could figure it out.” He took a deep breath. “We don’t have time.”
Then, when Tony grabbed the shield and threw it back at the other Captain America, it dawned on Steve who it was. He moved in ways Steve would, in a million years, never forget.
"I just can't accept that! You sound just like every other villain I've ever encountered with a twisted ideal they wanted to force upon the world."
"Anthony, love, a deal has been made. I swore an oath and I shall not break it."
“Well, my friends this is quite a problem you have.  You are absolutely sure you have ruled out everything else?”  The Asgardian asked still thinking.
The genius flinched slightly but did not move to stop him.
‘What the?’
"Why Daddy?" She whispered cradling the doll close to her. "Why don't you love me anymore?" She said looking up at him, tears rolled down her face.
He took a deep breath and gave Harker yet another well-deserved glare at the same time wondering if he could catch the fat man before the Winter Soldier caught him. Unfortunately, his question was answered as a dense body collided with his own.
After everything that has happened up till now, he found it oddly comforting that there are still things in the world that can still surprise him.
“I really wouldn’t have usually, I had successfully avoided going on it for years but Bucky had been rejected by a dame earlier that day, first time in a long time too, got slapped in the face and everything.” He laughed and continued,
“Look, you’ve got to trust me here okay?”  Tony made eye contact with Steve.  “I really am trying to help.”
I hated them.
"Tony, that…" Steve pointed at the tiny creature, "Is Calamity, her name is Anuk."
“Banner, you will assist Professor Xavier and Stark with whatever they require--“
Steve turned back to the stove and turned the burners off. He plated up the last of the pancakes and headed to the table. Peggy already had Ellie setting out the plates. After setting the pancakes down Steve pulled Peggy into a hug then pulled out her chair for her. He kissed her temple as she sat down. As they began eating their breakfast Ellie began a retelling of her grand adventure with Rocky, her flying pony, to her mother. Steve smiled wistfully as he realized she repeated the story almost verbatim.
“I’m not done.” She said.
"Right you are!" Tony replied with a grin. "So, dinner, I feel like Italian tonight." Tony spoke of arbitrarily.
“Come now.” She grabbed Steve’s wrist and led him back to his seat.
“Even scarier and a thousand times more deadly.”  Clint dead panned.
It felt like he had watched him fall all over again. He could hear Tony talking to him but none of his words sank in. All he could hear was the sound of his heart tearing apart once more.
“Jesus, Pepper! A little warning next time?”
He gingerly slipped out of the bed. He felt tight pulling all over his abdomen. He lifted the gown and saw all of the lines of gnarly stitches. Wow, he could see why most of his team was surprised he was still alive. There was also a long jagged stitched up cut on his right arm and on his face.
Steve watched and studied her face intently as she began to dig through her various folders picking out her favorites. Steve tried as hard as he could to commit every detail into memory. He desperately hoped the next time he was meant to lose his memory that there would be no way in hell he could forget her.
Steve sighed. “But he’s my responsibility, it should be me that brings him in.” He whispered brokenly.
The soldier was examining the arm, moving it this way and that, testing his mobility and dexterity before the genius spoke up.
“Oh no you don’t!” Countered Natasha as she clamped her fingers onto Steve’s left ear pulling him all the way in.
Tony and Steve have a talk about the whole keystone thing. Another mission comes up and Calamity make another appearance.
Before Tony could even comprehend what all that meant the little crystal creature fluttered off of Steve's shoulder and swooped up to lightly tap his forehead.
“I have no idea what you’re talking about.” Steve blushed red.
So, he chuckled sadly and continued, “Your uncle Bucky and I could never agree on any of them.”
“Good.” He said as he swooped down and stole one more kiss before heading to the door.
He really did not need Steve up and wandering about with those wounds.
“Look,” the genius began gesturing out a command to his holo-ports. “Jarvis is the most complex piece of code on earth. Approximately 100 terabytes and growing.” Tony explained to Bucky exactly what he explained to Pepper some time ago. “This is a visual manifestation of Jarvis’s mind, essentially.”
“Oh my, that was quick.” She said with a hint of amusement. “Well, my love, we must not dally any longer.”
After two cups of coffee and three more failed algorithms, Tony sat back and sighed and proceeded to turn to goo in his chair. Barnes had been watching him entirely fascinated. He was completely mesmerized and awed by Tony’s capacity to code so rapidly.
“Yes, just hurry up and get it over with.” Bucky replied, taking a deep breath.
“My friends, though my people have ways to evacuate a planet, the task of that magnitude does not come without profound risks and extreme consequences. As such laws have been put into place that if the conditions are met we could perform such a task.
Damn.
“She touched everyone… I wonder what she did to everyone else?” Natasha asked to no one in particular. Only Clint and Bruce recognized the far off look in her eyes as she subtly rubbed her belly.
He could not help but think that things would be significantly different if he weren’t the Keystone. Hell, a lot would be different if Calamity hadn’t shown up at all.
“Look at this.” Tony said turning back around. As he did he pulled out the journal.
“Well, if that’s it, then this meeting is over.  And because I don’t want a repeat of what happened this morning,” He paused looking pointedly at Bruce and Clint, “I am ordering you all to get an appropriate amount of sleep.  I will not tolerate another outburst again.  Okay, that said, everyone go on, get out of here.”  With that Fury abruptly left the room, Maria and Coulson hot on his heels.
“No. I know you don’t remember this but there will be no babying me you got that? You handle me with kid gloves and I hurt you.” She eyed him pointedly, lovely glowing features threatening to morph into a deep scowl.
Steve thought for a moment.
Knock back.
‘Oh God, we’re all going to die!’ Tony thought with horror.
“I can’t save the world by myself. With Steve gone I can’t lead the team, fight the bad guys, and find a way to stop Calamity.” He admitted. “I know I-I talk big and I am generally full of myself, I know this but I just can’t you know?” He confided, Bucky stood stock still a Stoic mask in place, letting Tony vent. He gave the barest nod indicating he was listening and should continue.
"I don't know Babydoll. I hope so."
The cruel irony did not escape him that Steve needed the device for the program to work, yet, it definitely would not yield the results it would to the others. He procrastinated on setting the device on Steve for so long, not just because of this cruel irony, but also because the moment he set the device to activate the countdown, it would also be the moment that Tony was meant to say goodbye. And that was something that he truly was not ready to do.
“And you’re a whiny punk.” He replied instantly.
Tony sighed heavily and rolled his eyes, "It may have been pointed out to me by people that don't know how to keep their nose out of other people's business that I have a once in a lifetime opportunity to at the very least apologize for…things. So, here I am." He said with annoyance.
“Uh huh, well if you do your job right I should be able to hold in ordinary spatula… With my hand. I won’t need whatever that is.” He said pointedly, gesturing to the screen.
He groaned as he looked at the time. It was nearly three in the afternoon. A good chunk of his team had been deployed about an hour ago to take care of a group of enhanced individuals causing trouble smack in the middle of downtown Baltimore, Maryland. According to the sightings the Rhododendron was amongst them.
Chapter Seven: "Restless Heart Syndrome"
'It's not too late. It's not too late.'
Tony glared at him.
Steve, still a bit frazzled from Tony’s comment, kept his face schooled as he made his way back to lean against the wall to keep watch over every one as they carry on their duties.
Barnes nodded mutely and began to gingerly remove the wrapping and gauze. Tony watched him appraisingly. His shoulder looked red and angry but only because, as Tony discovered upon closer inspection, it was mostly fresh scar tissue.
“Uh, Let’s get back to that later… or never… *cough* So? Where are we?” Tony replied quickly looking rapidly between each doctor.
Steve groaned at the utter abhorrence of the situation. He quickly threw the shield and knocked the Rhododendron out.
“I’m not going to use this. You trusted Steve’s judgment of us, of me, when you sent this.” He announced contemplatively as he placed the journal back into his satchel.
Now he’s here in this time facing things he thought could only exist in science fiction.  Now there is this alien running around attacking people putting them in comas for a reason nobody yet knows.  This thing is choosing people with horrific tragic backgrounds.  The victims have already gone to hell and back and now they have to go through this.  Then to add to the misery Thor said that there is likely no cure.  Then to top it all off the alien had attacked kids.  This is nothing but a hellish nightmare.  The good Captain desperately wished he could be more useful in this situation.
"You can, can't you? Please you gotta help them."
‘Steve…’
“What is it, Daddy?” Her curiosity piqued.
Maybe if he hadn’t allowed himself to fall so hard for Steve all this wouldn’t have happened.
I apologize for any and all errors.
"Who's giving you permission!?"
“I know that Tony!  I don’t get why you left me to accept this by myself!”
Warning bells were going off in Steve’s head. It’s just one disaster after another. Somehow he couldn’t help but to think that Calamity may have been pulling some of the strings on this one.
“No, whatever pain she has in store for you isn’t the kind you can just shrug off, it’s the kind that will rip you apart, the kind you can’t come back from.”
Steve was jolted out of his thoughts at Ellie's cry. He mourned the moment he did for the memory had completely escaped him. He shook himself.
“Why do I spend a lot of time in there?”
Tony gave him another painful squeeze.
He already knew why.
Then Ellie's face seemed to brighten and she looked up at him with hopeful excitement.
Beep. Beep. Beep.
“Eleanor, darling, Daddy is right in front of you. You do not need to shout.” Peggy admonished the child.
She squealed in delight as she dug her spoon into the ice cream and scooped up a large goopy mound and shoveled it into her mouth. The subsequent look of heaven on her face made Steve bark out a laugh. He would swear up and down that she was likely hearing the Halleluiah chorus.
Winter was coming early.
Apparently, Barnes had been reprogrammed by one of those brats that got away. The Professor said her power was incredible and quite possibly greater than his own. At this point in time the only thing Xavier could do is soothe the soldier’s mind, to keep reminding him there is still hope. That there is still a reason to fight.
Then her easy smile morphed into a sneer, her expression becoming feral.
Before he took a step however, he was enveloped in Crimson, his eyes fluttered shut before he was out cold. Steve watched in horror and amazement as scarlet which put him to sleep easily. He caught Bucky’s limp body and held him close.
“Well, their story is kind of tragic.” He looked at everyone gauging there reaction.
Just as he made his way onto the fourth floor landing panting heavily, Johnny alerted him that the army had began to set up a perimeter.
Chapter Thirty-Three: Scream Out My Memories
His questions?  He looked back at the monitor.  But his questions weren’t answered.
“Oh, hon, you need a shower.” She mused as she looked Tony’s dripping form up and down.
He scratched his wrist absently.
"Good plan, Cap." Tony said sometime later while the rest of the team aided in the cleanup of what was left of the charred beast.
“Now, Nat and I on the other hand…” He trailed off mischievously, his words full obvious suggestion. Nat smirked roguishly at Barnes’s implication.
Anük continued, "If you may recall this was all a test. As I said before if I wanted you out of the way, you would be dead. If I wanted you to utterly fail, I would not have shown myself to you nor would I have left such blatant clues behind."
Over the last few days he had gotten to know the ins and outs of the top two floors thoroughly, using the activities with his team to do so.
“And hey, when Thor comes with more information I’m sure the simulations will be far less… explosive.”  Tony ground into his hands.
All of the sudden, his vision blurred and he lurched violently to the right. Luckily the sudden shift made Rumlow miss his next attack. Bucky shook his head while sprinting away clear it. He didn’t have much stamina left. He was losing blood much more rapidly, now. He could actually feel it begin to drip down his legs. Bucky knew he was going to have to take a hit in order to incapacitate this guy. He just needed the right opening.
“Then what are you waiting for? What is this keystone that you need?” Fury demanded.
“Will do, Sir.”
“Hi! Good morning!” He greeted a bit awkwardly.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I know that! But I- we had to try. We couldn’t risk doing nothing if the smallest chance we could save you still existed.” He replied forlornly.
Heart?
“It is fascinating, is it not? The properties of this particular metal.” She said turning it over in her hands. “You could not have received a better weapon, nor a better symbol.” She mused.
“You want to read my mind? Then read it! All of it!” He grabbed her face and made her look him in the eye. He pushed everything to the forefront of his mind where she could see it. He forced it passed that barrier that Calamity’s touch created.
“Well,” Steve began, grabbing a deep midnight shade pencil. “For a gold, which is metallic, you want to bring out its shadows and make them bolder. Light catches on metals differently than other materials.” He began explaining. He showed her the way the light bounced off of his gold wedding band. “May I?” He gestured to her drawing, asking permission to alter her work.
"It was nothing Ellie, for a moment I was sure I remembered something but now I can't remember what it was." He said neutrally, trying to keep the mournful notion out of his voice. "It's all right, Babydoll, keep eating, I'm fine." He said smiling.
Tony's mind came to a screeching halt and his heart skipped a beat as the jolt of agonizing recognition ripped through his body down to his soul.
Just as Tony was mentally putting together a sequence that he could use to operate all five focal spatial disorders at the same time and hopefully close the portal, hundreds more of the chrysalises shot out from the hole. His team's subsequent exclamations of shock and frustration mirrored his own to a T.
Fuck Barton!
As he walked at a brisk case to his workshop in the tower he scoffed at them all. His Iron Man persona was not the only thing created during his wretched imprisonment, he had also created something incredibly vital, his arc reactor. This little device served many purposes, the most important obviously was keeping his heart beating. Not only did it serve to keep the deadly shrapnel from entering his heart, it also served to supply the weak and damaged organ with just enough energy to keep going. On the plus, he used it to operate his Iron Man armor.
"They," Tony started as the Soldier helped haul him to his feet. "Have the capacity to adapt to whatever we throw at them. They are sophisticated A.I.s that can learn faster than we can think."
The Calamity case was solved, the Rhododendron dead and the black hole closed.
Clint merely yawned. “You’ll have to get back to me with that. It’s naptime.”
"Keeps me from dying." The mysterious voice echoed in his mind again.
“I am sorry my friend, today has been a trying day.” Thor said apologetically as they began their trek over the rainbow bridge.
“You know, a part of me wondered if you were really doing all you could to solve the puzzle, Tony.” Natasha commented with an air of guilt. “I know how intelligent and talented you are and I thought to myself, if Tony Stark is really truly working on it, it would have been done weeks ago.” She looked up at him with sad knowing eyes. “And I know you’ve been so distracted lately because of…” She paused shaking her head. “I apologize for doubting you.”
“The corridors are clear, however the elevator in question has two occupants.”
It was nature's first law of survival, eat or be eaten.
“Haha Yes, It stood no chance after witnessing the power of the gods.” Thor agreed with a hint of pride.
"Maybe I don't want you to." He smirked.
"This isn't real!" He shouted.
“Hey you!”  He shouted at it successfully diverting its attention away from trying to remove the power core.
Finally, I got it to look halfway decent. Although I feel like I should warn you that it does get quite monologuey, but here it is! Don't forget to leave me a review at the end and let me know what you think.
He also heard a delicate bird song overhead and began to watch the birds flit about merrily. They suddenly sprang into the sky with mirth and elation. There were many birds gliding and diving all the while singing their little hearts out. They flew, Steve noted, like they enjoyed it.
“Yeah, I figured as much. Come on, follow me. I wanna show you something.”  Tony replied waggling eyebrows.
Okay, not a pod person. He couldn’t just let him be completely right for one minute. Such a nice person. Tony waited for him to elaborate.
Official number one opened the door and Tony stepped out. He saw official number two just outside the door and when he had a clear shot he used his wristwatch to stun the two officials with electricity. They instantly fell to the floor knocked out.
They enveloped the Captain and the pain was nothing like he had ever felt before. He could barely see the children, they had stopped and were screaming for him. He wanted to assure them, to urge them on but nothing would come out. He couldn’t scream, he couldn’t breathe. He was drowning in an ocean of pain. He thought he was going to pass out any time, his consciousness was blurring.
“My dear, dear Steven. Look at what they have done to you.” Calamity’s soft voice flitted across his consciousness like a soothing balm.
Steve could feel Peggy watching them silently. He glanced over at her to find her smiling wistfully with the misty expression. He smiled back at her.
The report said a solitary gunman. As far as he knew, Harker was in control of the siblings and Bucky. But he’s dead now. The Rhododendron was his right-hand man. But from what he had managed to glean the last several days the crazy dude in the bunny suit had escaped sometime during his rescue. He was sure Quicksilver didn’t pick him up too… Wait…
Oh God! He was a monster. He was the scum of the earth. He made his baby girl cry! He was deeply disturbed. Suddenly he was slapped in the back of the head.
“Of course, perhaps when you are ready we will reconvene in the technical room.”  He told Tony.
“Now, this is Jarvis next to the data Calamity handed to me.”
‘It can’t be! It can’t.’
“Better than you’d expect. I think I’m more upset over being kept in the dark than actually be the keystone.” He replied with a bitter twinge.
Anywho please leave a Comment and tell me if you liked or hated it.
It sounded like someone speaking to him from very far away. But he listened intently to the all too familiar voice. Time seemed to stop and his wrist hurt like nothing before.
Anük continued, "You may not have the problems or shortcomings that currently plague the universe, you are gracious, empathetic, and merciful. Yet, you do possess my own greatest flaw. You just don't know when to let go.
“There’s the spirit!” Tony exclaimed. “Now, while you’re still with me, you are still with me right? Not going to nut up on me are you?”
Shortly enough Steve was opening the door to Tony’s work shop. As soon as he did, a blasting wave of AC\DC music impacted his eardrums with an intense force. Too anxious to care Steve pressed on.
“What does that mean? Elaborate.” Fury demanded almost silently.
Eleanor looked up excited at Peggy then at Steve.
"About a week ago." Steve replied hoping there is no harm telling Tony about the details of his condition.
Steve sighed yet again.
"Fucking asshole." The genius muttered. "The plan is to see if any of these have an intact OS. I might be able to figure out a way to take control of the fake ones and reprogram them to view me as their master." He explained as he began to take the nearest one apart.
"You're not prepared to give me what I want."
Fury’s presence means something.  He knows who Fury really is but he can’t seem to remember why that’s important.
'What on earth?'
After they had all promised to meet up again, perhaps for a picnic, Steve and Johnny walked them out to their vehicles.  The children were incredibly reluctant to part from Steve but he promised they would see each other again.
"Sir, reports are coming in of more cities plagued by the Rhododendron's forces. Sydney, Mexico City, Bucharest, Berlin and Moscow are among them."
The Captain was truly beginning to understand why falling in love drives people crazy.  He thought the beginning of their relationship was rough when they hated each other.  But now it’s so much more complex.  He loves Tony.  That, he definitely knows for certain.  What he doesn’t know is exactly where Tony’s head is at.  Sure, Tony had kissed him, or did he kiss Tony?  He couldn’t remember, it was amazing though, but it was also right after he woke up after the zapper incident and emotions were high.
A/N: I’m Back!
“Okay, talk to me Jar.”
“What is there for me to say, Tony!? I have days to live and I’m going to spend them doing what? Sitting on my ass? I could be out there doing something important. It should be me to find him.”
“I was just thinking, if you knew it was going to be a losing battle weeks ago, would you still choose to fight or would you sit it out and let the world fall away?” Steve asked.
Realization dawned.
"Who is?"
Kevin nodded enthusiastically.
“Sir, the syste-“ And Jarvis was gone.
He dreamed of that hellish day in the dead of winter back in 1945. He dreamed of Bucky falling over and over again. And never did he once reach him in time.
“So, what else convinced you to change your mind?” Tony asked getting back to the point.
She clasped her hands together tightly and began to pulsate and glow an iridescent black.
"Join the club." Tony muttered darkly.
Bucky only chuckled harder. “Dumbass.”
What?  He knew it was stupid but did it anyway.
Bucky chuckled.
Then his smile faded and his expression became serious.
Okay then. He was just going to have to find him one way or another.
Beep. Beep. Beep.
“What the f-fuck…are you d-doing!?” Bucky huffed.
“Actualy I’d Like to know. Professor, were you able to in fact see who or what did take out victims 66, 67, and 68?” The genius inquired with pronounced attitude.
“Hey, you need to go to sleep or at least try to.”
“A flying pony!?” He asked in childlike bewilderment as he began measuring out flower and sifting it into a mixing bowl.
"Yep, the future has a whole bunch of nifty things. A lot of them I made myself." Tony smirked.
“Yes sir.” She smiled murderously.
Tony turned his attention to him sharply.
Steve figured she must be a fiery woman to keep those two at bay.  He found out later that it was because of Tony’s constant fusing and intent on trying to take over that got him forcibly removed from the room.
"You really think so?"
Sensing a long story, Steve planted himself beneath a nearby tree. Calamity stood before him her arms crossed in discomfort.
“What the fuck do you want, Fuckhead?” Prisoner 86 growled out.
“You want to know how it affected me when Loki was in my head?” Clint observed seemingly emotionless.
“I need you to do everything in your power to figure out that code. Okay?” Tony wanted to protest the Steve continued. “Please, for me. I’m a gonner regardless. Tony, you have the capacity to save everyone. I know you can do it, okay. There’s still a chance.”
Suddenly the radio in Steve’s hand crackled with an update. It was in code.
I used abilities I knew not I had.
Tony is the only one who can stop it.
Before Steve could respond with his misgivings; a doctor quickly bounded into the room with a chart of different medical stats in hand. She nodded at Thor and smiled at Steve glad to see that he was awake then turned to Tony. She gave him a hard and reproachful look before delivering on to him her onslaught.
“I can’t knowing he’s out there. You know what he means to me!” He said wetly.
Steve thought for a moment. There was a good chance that if the situation were reversed with any of the others, there was a good chance he would do the same. If Tony were in his place there was definitely a chance he would try to keep the genius locked away to protect him.
“Probably best if we didn’t anyway. With the entire planet counting on us and all.” Steve smirked sideways at Thor.
Tony was relieved to see that Steve had his leader face back on.
“It’s not a matter of trust, it’s personal.” Steve replied.
Little did he know there was a storm on the horizon.  A wicked torrent that would surely consume him and tear his life apart.
"I might be able to get to her." Barton responded with a heavy groan.
“And for you sir?”  He questioned as he turned his attention to Steve eagerly waiting his answer.
“Sorry, Mama.” She replied looking perfectly chastised. Then she turned to Steve. “Are you coming Daddy?”
Hawkeyes persistent whining was starting to really get to him.
“We will start by deciding what to do with a drive she gave us.” Steve commanded.
“Yes, sir!” Barnes saluted, making Tony pinch his face in annoyance.
Suddenly, his vision began to blur around the edges and become darker as if he were in a black haze. Then, he heard a bloodcurdling scream. He quickly turned towards the set of doors that led deeper into the maternity ward.
Could this piece of information be the shifting tide they were searching for?
Steve’s only response was a worrisome shaking nod. His instincts were a live wire. His gut feelings were usually frighteningly accurate. Natasha once joked that he could probably be able to predict the future with them. Now was no different.
"I bet." Steve couldn't help but to ask about the device and Tony's left hand, also. "And that?" He pointed to the tiny television-like thing.
Seriously, this guy has like two settings: murderous and cheeky asshole.
“So as of right now, the fate of the entire world is depending on Tony Stark?” Bucky asked.
Steve... Calamity could take Steve any time now and all Tony wanted to do was spend time with him.
She pulled away slowly and looked up into his eyes. She gave him something of a wry sympathetic smile, letting him know she understood what he was feeling. She patted his cheek then bounded off after Barnes.
“We see Gloria making eye contact with the mysterious woman. It was subtle and I almost didn’t catch it. Now watch.” Natasha paused.
"Yes, Daddy! Please, let's go find Papa!"
“Yes.”
A/N: I hope you all aren’t too upset with me over the events that has transpired the last several chapters but some things just needed to happen. Here we have a little bit of Tony’s point of view and perhaps just a little bit of light will be shed on a few things. Or perhaps it’ll inspire even more questions. Without any further ado, on with the show.
“Indeed. You are the first Keystone to call upon me for genuine assistance.”
“What? Sorry I was inside my head.”
“I mean we’re only just a few miles off of the coast of Virginia all high in the sky.  I’m sure I could book us a restaurant, what are you in the mood for?”  Tony pulled out his phone looking for restaurants.
“Sir?”  Jarvis sounded off.
He didn’t even have time to utter a sigh in relief when he saw the twins disappear before he was suddenly reacquainted brutally with the asphalt of the road. He wanted to curse himself for being right yet again as his mind processed a red and gold blur as his face met the pavement. He rapidly forced himself back on his feet and desperately tried to get a handle on the situation.
Both worked well into the night refining three basic designs. It wasn’t till nearly 3 AM when Bucky stopped them.
"My boy! Are you all right? You look as if you've seen a ghost you have." Frank came up beside Steve concerned. And he lightly touched Steve's arm.
“The alien has attacked the school.”
Tony was amused to note that the Maximoff boy and Barton were having their own competition much like what Barnes had just challenged him with. It was even better when Natasha joined them.
However, he felt that with that man's appearance and sudden disappearance, that was going to change.
No, no he could do this.
“Now you want to know what the keystone is? As the names suggest it is a very special significant piece to this the vast and complex puzzle."
“What were you doing buck-ass nude in the middle of Times Square? Is that hot sauce?”
The Captain spotted Tony flying sluggishly around what appears to be the Winter Soldier.  His suit was heavily damaged.  He thought Tony was just enough out of the range of the soldier until he saw the dark figure jump impossibly high and nabbed Tony right out of the sky.  The soldier pinned Iron Man to the ground and Steve watched in horror as he forcefully clutched Tony’s ark reactor through the suit intending to crush it and rip it out.
Tony was quick to reply.
"That's right, Stark!" The Rhododendron sneered. "It's not just spatial, it's dimensional!" He cried gleefully as a black chrysalis ejected out of the blackhole and collided with the pavement next to Iron Man.
The genius raged internally. It was instances like this where Steve was invaluable. As a master of strategy and combat he could figure out how to stop these guys easily. Yet another reason on top of so many as to why he desperately missed the man he loved and wished for nothing more than to have him by his side. No one could lead this team the way Captain America could. Iron Man could sometimes in a pinch, but in a situation like this? It was painfully obvious that Tony could not possibly measure up. His mind, and as incredible and possibly unequaled as it is, was not built for this. As he had stated on numerous occasions, he was not soldier.
All of the sudden Steve fell like he was hit by a wave of energy unlike anything he’s ever felt before. Then abruptly he felt pulled apart and squeezed together all at once. He felt like he was being torn to pieces atom by atom and then stitched back together by pure energy made out of rainbows and dental floss. Though the concept sounds ridiculously painful it was all surprisingly and mercifully painless. Then it all stopped at once.
