“Dr. Watson!” Mrs. Hudson cried. “That won’t do! I shall not allow this anymore. Enough is enough.”
“I had no idea. Mycroft must have put his unlisted income to use. The furnishings are relatively new. Considering his ever-growing appetites, having orgies in his Pall Mall lodgings would be quite awkward.”
“Nothing, Mrs. Hudson,” I said in a calmer but scathing tone. “In fact, all is well. Mr. Holmes is not ill. He pretended,
“I’m sorry, Holmes,” I said at last. “It was so idiotic of me. I’ve let us both down.”
“Thank you,” he murmured.
“The next day I obtained a boxing toy made at Hamleys and packed it with every precaution, but of course that wasn’t enough to throw you off the scent, Mr. Holmes. I left the box surreptitiously at the gymnasium and was about to draw the proprietor’s attention to it when by sheer chance you and Dr. Watson came yourselves.
“But that’s not what really bothers you,” I observed, handing him a damp flannel so that he could remove his make-up.
“I shall consider it,” Sherlock said, not yet convinced but on his way there.
“Yes, sign them by all means,” I replied, taking a draw.
“For you, by all means, but I’d best not visit a public place. Remember, I might be a carrier of the influenza. It won't do for me to spread it any further.”
The Cubitts had a similar approach to personal boundaries in the relationship as Holmes and Watson do. When Holmes points out to Mr. Cubitt that “
He gazed at me intensely, his blue eyes darkened with lust. His lips were absolutely irresistible; I covered them with mine and ravaged them, divesting John of his clothes. When the kiss ended, he stepped out of the nightshirt pooling around his ankles. The subdued light from the fireplace accented the lines of his body—his powerful shoulders and well-defined arms, his chest and belly covered with gold-brown hair, his sturdy thighs and shapely legs. Indeed, my Watson was perfectly built, stout and muscular. His gorgeous prick stood proudly erect. My own was aching for him, confined uncomfortably by the garments. I undid the flies, took myself in hand, and stroked my prick, devouring John with my eyes.
“Because the therapeutic effect must be enhanced, Doctor,” I said with my lips against his ear.
“This wasn’t out of pity, was it?” he touched his lips with his long, slender fingers.
, playing with my feelings (and Mrs. Hudson’s too) became anathema to him.
“Good Heavens, no more chemicals in our sitting-room! My dream will come true,” I exclaimed. “By the way, the attic could be used for storing your materials quite literally.”
My hunger didn’t escape his attention. He raised an eyebrow and gave me a most provocative stare. My pathetic attempts at self-control clearly amused him while he was recounting to me every piece of gossip he had gathered in the officers’ club.
“Do I need to remind you that you had better tell the truth, Doctor Watson?” the man said, raising his eyebrow. “For your own good.”
My cajoling clearly had an effect, for the resolve in John’s eyes started to fade and his expression became uncertain. Two days ago he had commissioned me to look into the case of Colonel Warburton, his old acquaintance. The Colonel’s odd behaviour had perplexed Watson during the customary reunion of army pals, but there seemed to be a method to the Colonel’s madness. I had discovered that the problem stemmed from a conflict with one of his fellow officers, and the Colonel’s antics must have been an ingenious way of handling a nasty situation. To prove my theory I needed more specific data.
I pondered the matter over and came to a conclusion that a direct approach would be best. It was necessary to have a conversation with Dr. Watson. He seemed a sensible fellow, and I needed to check whether he realised how serious the state of affairs was.
“Why?” I asked, pulling back and gazing at him searchingly.
“You must,” I insisted. “It’s vital for your recovery.”
“Hmm?”
” (STUD), “
after he had shared his views on the case.
The medical parallel struck me. It was exact.
He rose from the heap of cut newspapers, took his violin from its case in the corner, and with a dreamy expression on his face put the bow to the strings. The light, joyous melody flowed in its full splendour, so familiar and evoking. It brought me back to my student days, to merry balls and carefree dances until dawn, when there was no pain and no regrets, and plans for the future were grand. My soul had been innocent, unstained by blood and fleeing the battlefield to save my skin. Visions of my slaughtered comrades hadn’t been haunting me. On vacations I would go back to Edinburgh where Mother lived in our little old house. If only I had visited her more often.
Holmes, in turn, listens to Watson’s report with rapt attention, and there’s something downright erotic in the way Watson describes his seeming languor:
There was such urgency in his voice that I couldn’t but comply. I straightened myself up, slathered vaseline over my prick and shifted closer to him so that my hips were aligned with the curve of his arse. Palming his pert buttock and exposing his hole more, I breached him carefully. When the tip of my cock slipped past the rim, Sherlock let out a luxurious sigh. Flexible as ever, he turned to look at me, his upper body reclining on the bed. He held my gaze as I pushed in deeper, inch by inch, until I was fully sheathed within him. His tight warmth welcomed me home; I undulated my hips gently, stretching him. Low, almost silent moans were escaping his lips, and his eyes shined with the same quiet happiness I felt. Colour spread across his pale cheeks and neck as I thrust harder into him, increasing my pace. Now he was stretched for my girth perfectly, my prick moving inside him with ease. Slick and hot, his tightness was just right, delicious. He moaned louder and bit his fist, trying to keep his voice down lest someone hear it downstairs. I paused for a moment to let him catch his breath. Sherlock grabbed me by the arm and pulled me atop of him for a long, hungry kiss. We explored each other’s mouths, our tongues entwining, our teeth clashing as we relished each other’s taste. Gradually our kisses were growing gentler, less desperate, and then we just lay still, embracing.
- The snark, quite in character of the Sleuth and the Doctor:
A gust of wind cleared the fog in front of us, and Holmes suddenly pulled at the reins, cursing. A few yards away a shadow emerged from the sidestreet. As we turned awkwardly in the confined space between the dingy buildings, I realised what it was: a black carriage. It must have waited in an ambush; had it not been for the wind, we would have driven right into its clutches. The next instant we were fleeing from it at all full speed our poor horse could muster. My heart was pounding in my throat, but I believed in Holmes’s skills and knowledge of the area. We were whizzing through arches, trampling across backyards, and squeezing into such narrow passages that our dogcart was groaning in protest.
It was imprudent to say such things, especially to a stranger, but for some reason I felt that Holmes would not use it against me. He looked as if he was on the verge of taking me into his confidence, for I could see by his expression his inner struggle. Eventually he just nodded and stayed silent.
With that, she left the room. Getting up required a lot of effort, for my legs seemed to be made of cotton-wool and my head was singing like a tea-kettle. I trudged to the bathroom where I looked at myself in the mirror for the first time in three weeks. I had grown quite a beard. My face was bloated and sallow, my eyes bloodshot. It was a striking resemblance with my father as I always remembered him. In appearance I took after him more than my brother, and now the image was complete.
The side street was squalid and quite deserted. It often amazed me how one could find himself in the underworld just having turned round the corner of some grand London thoroughfare. I could feel Swinsby ogling my posterior as we went, and that alone made me yearn for a thorough bathing once this charade was over. The current situation was my own fault: had I not been so irresponsible, Holmes wouldn’t have taken the case and I wouldn’t have been constrained to endure the company of this detestable personage. Thankfully, the brothel was only a few yards away, and then Holmes would emerge and do whatever was necessary for his plan to succeed—
Even though the case involving the deadly disease had taken place almost a quarter of a century ago, I changed the names of the murderer and his victim to preserve the privacy of their surviving relatives. The time period was also altered for the same reason.
Handling such obstinacy from two sides was becoming cumbersome. It was possible to ignore Mycroft, but John surely wouldn’t leave the matter alone. I knew that he was speaking from the bitter experience with his own older brother.
(See the end of the chapter for
In the beginning Holmes is all anticipation. Also, one of the instances of Holmes coming to Watson’s bedroom:
Holmes lives with
The assassination was to have been disguised as a domestic accident—a gas explosion in Lord Knightsborough’s study. A maid had been bribed to tamper with the gas jet nearest to the desk when she was cleaning the study in the morning so that the judge would be killed at night, having returned from work and staying up late as was his wont. Posing as Lord Knightsborough’s new valet, I arranged capture of the maid red-handed, and by noon the operation was neatly finished. As the police were leaving with the apprehended maid, a newspaper boy ran up to me.
Sherlock Holmes stared at me as if I had two heads. Meanwhile, Martha brought in a tray with two bowls of steaming chicken soup which smelled delicious. Holmes declined his bowl.
“Tomorrow.”
“It was a combination of circumstances beyond your control.”
Enraptured, John pushed himself towards me, taking my prick in as deep as he could and wiggling his arse. He got what he wanted—my glans titillated the innermost nerve-endings within him while my girth rubbed his prostate. I kept shoving my cock into his hungry hole, rolling my hips and grinding into him.
“Imaginative, isn’t it?” Holmes said, smiling. “The sender must have prepared and posted the parcel in relative safety, for the strip of paper with my name is cut out and pasted with flour paste in a neat, careful fashion. You recognised, of course, the print.”
“If it’s inconvenient—”
“The whole group would have been, had it not been for the blunders of the French police.”
Summing up, as I’ve said above, I think this story isn’t quite about the case, but mainly about the relationship.
At last he dropped his mask and showed his real self: he was annoyed and disappointed that he couldn’t have his way, but he was abandoning his goal. It was virtually unheard of.
An arrangement which would be quite common for married couples, and also a nod to Watson’s gambling issue.
. Now he knew it only served the purpose of protecting our privacy, so the mention of it would catch his eye.
“The library can serve as our shared study,” he continued in delight. “We shan’t need any live-in servants, I suppose. With all the conveniences, a daytime housekeeper should do. Therefore, the servants’ room can be made into a chemical lab.”
“Maybe someday,” he said to me softly.
“No elevation of pulse or temperature,” I muttered, perplexed, feeling his wrist and his forehead. “Wait, what is this? Vaseline?”
To tell the truth, revisiting the past in my mind’s eye requires quite an effort. Sherlock deliberately misguided me when he said that Mycroft’s men were about to catch Moriarty. How naive it was of me to have believed! Knowing Sherlock, I should have realised he would do anything to keep me from harm, even including resorting to deception.
“Then there is the mysterious malady called brain fever, which always attacks the heroine after a crisis, but which is unknown under that name to the text books. People when they are over-excited in novels fall down in a fit. In a fairly large experience I have never known anyone do so in real life.”
As we lie in our bed, my mind is still racing in spite of the late hour, reflecting on everything that had happened to us. I keep marvelling at John’s heart. Misfortunes and misery tend to turn one into a bitter cynic—to some extent, I myself am an example of that—but not John. Ever the romantic, he stubbornly chooses to see the good in people and believes that kindness can make the world a better place.
None of my past experiences with lovers belonging either to the fair sex or to my own had ever been that intense. It was so right, so natural to kiss him, as if we had spent our entire lives side by side. Perhaps somewhere, at some point, we had.
Without looking away, I resumed rocking my hips, very gently this time, and frigged his throbbing cock in long, hard strokes. He met my thrusts, his eyes shining and his kiss-swollen lips parted, until he quivered in my arms and spent profusely between us. Seeing his enraptured face while his tight arse was clenching around my prick brought me to the crisis too. As a wave of pure bliss swept over me, I ejaculated, still thrusting into him, and Sherlock clung to me, a few more drops of semen spurting out of his still rigid member.
With only a handful of patients to take care of, my consulting hours weren’t long. I was already finishing at half past two, as usual, when suddenly there was a clang of the bell in the hall. I wondered whether it was an unscheduled patient or Holmes arrived to whisk me away on some business. However, no sound of steps could be heard from the hall.
Newspapers were full of sensational headings about the encounter between Moriarty and myself, albeit all referring to the Reuter’s short dispatch which in turn cited the local Swiss paper almost verbatim. Thankfully, no one seemed to know the real circumstances. Mycroft provided me with finances and other means, so I carried on, deeply under cover, arranging subversive activities against the syndicate.
There was a tap at the door, and Mrs. Hudson came in with a tray which emanated divinely delicious smells.
“A novel he didn’t like,” I said, glancing pointedly at Holmes.
Holmes grasped my hand and gave it a squeeze, his eyes sad and angry.
“More likely they will choose a different way,” Mycroft said thoughtfully.
was written in 1879, long before ACD conceived the idea of Holmes and Watson (
Sherlock, and being helpless. Now I can be of assistance. At least I can take care of you. You don’t realise what this means to me.”
“Tending to the garden will be nice,” I said.
“Yes, I could and I should have,” I snapped.
about doctors. Dr. Ripley fell in love with Dr. Smith while she was treating him. He proposed to her, but she declined, intending to dedicate her life to science, and soon left for France, having being offered a position there. Poor Dr. Ripley was brokenhearted.
“I know,” Holmes murmured.
“And he will be observing you in your
“Wild flowers and herbs, newly grown leaves and grass, and the rich, fertile soil. No trace of soot,” he drawled dreamily with his eyes closed.
“Oh, for Heaven’s sake, make peace with him! He is your brother, the only family you have.”
The relief I felt was headier than any drug-induced euphoria. It dwarfed the gnawing fear which nevertheless remained deep in my soul. John’s salty lips tasted like home as we kissed and kissed and couldn’t have enough.
I went upstairs to his room—the room which we shared ever since we had become lovers—locked the door, and flung myself onto our double bed. A trace of John’s scent still lingered on his pillow. I buried my nose into it and undid my trousers and drawers. Imagining that John’s hand wrapped around my prick, I gave myself a few strokes, but it only incited my hunger. It was not enough. With a frustrated groan I reached for the bedside table and rummaged in the lowest drawer where we kept a phallic toy. That would have to do until John’s return.
“Then let’s not think about it until tomorrow.”
The table was set in my study so that we could talk without the risk of being overheard in the Stranger’s Room. At half-past six there was a tap at the door, and the butler announced the doctor’s arrival. I could see from Watson’s fatigued face that he had had a busy day. He glanced at me warily as I waved him into the chair opposite to me.
“What was I doing in your dream?” I panted.
“Because I turned the case down initially. It’s trivial. A careless lord is being blackmailed. He promises a generous sum in return for the compromising letters.”
A snake of anxiety, tiny but venomous, coiled in my chest.
Our time of separation hadn’t been easy on either of us. While Sherlock didn’t care about his own thinness, he took mine very seriously, so our meals were more nutritious, our visits to the gymnasium more frequent, and our workload less strenuous than of old.
“If you can induce him to rest longer, I have no objections, Doctor Watson.” Mycroft waved a hand. “Send me a wire when you are ready to depart.”
Also, for Holmes it would be one more point to tease Watson about.
“John, please,” I said, striking a match and lighting his cigarette. “Once again, stop blaming yourself for things you’re not guilty of. For the past three years my life has been what Mycroft wanted it to be: without you and in the government service. He surely got the most out of the debacle I had entangled myself in.”
Wealthier people shunned my modest establishment, but poor folk advertised my skills amongst each other by word of mouth. My prices were low and there was often no charge altogether, so I was never out of work. Work anchored me. It helped me to forget. It brought some semblance of normalcy into my life.
“For Heaven’s sake, Watson. It won’t tarnish the honour of your regiment. I’m not asking you to do anything untoward. All I ask is to gather some information discreetly. I would have done it myself, but on my part it would be merely acting whereas you are a real military man. You will be more convincing and hence raise no suspicion,” I said, pouring him more tea as we sat at the dinner table.
“It was indeed a good training,” I replied.
“Anything to indulge my little brother,” Mycroft said, chuckling. “It should be amusing so long as he doesn’t write about my rooms.”
(1922), doesn’t it? Although otherwise it’s an original story, with nothing else in common with THOR.
When I came back home, I did relate the details to Holmes, in spite of the silliness of the whole thing.
“Fenton the cut-throat and Parker the garroter,” I said, frowning, having recognised the description of the gang’s henchmen. “It would be prudent if you took some time off from your work.”
“Mr. Holmes!” Mrs. Hudson seethed, beginning to tremble with indignation.
“Who are you and what are you doing here?” Lestrade demanded.
. It’s somewhat disappointing, especially from a female author. In comparison, ACD, in spite of his prejudices towards women, created an image of a spirited, strong-willed woman who doesn’t despair but takes effective measures to find her husband.
is back, tell
So both BLAN and PRIO were in 1903, and thus we also know for sure that Watson changes the names of clients and places in his published stories for the sake of discretion.
Thus I started writing up a remarkable case, obscuring the dates and changing the names. The Prince became a King and the actress an opera diva, but the main facts remained intact. The most blatant invention was my marriage, though. Sherlock used to be seriously annoyed by my fictional romance with the client in
Riding in the cab, I grew more and more restless. How would I present myself to John? What would I say? Would I still be welcome in his life? Those questions kept circling in my mind until I felt nauseated and weak, my temples throbbing painfully. I had steeled myself by the time the cab delivered me to a neat, respectable neighbourhood and stopped in front of a modern three-storied brick house. It had all the signs of a busy medical practice, with two brass plates beside the door. The upper, bearing John’s name and degree, I recognised as having been brought from Paddington. The lower one was relatively new. It announced that the poor could consult him free on Saturdays and Sundays. My dear man, he had been neglecting his rest too, all this time. No wonder he looked so tired in the photographs.
There was a sudden prickling in my eyes when I found myself at the front door of 221b. I caressed its wooden panels before slipping my key into the lock. The thrill was almost the same as thirteen years ago, when I first arrived here with my scant belongings and was greeted by John’s shy but genuine smile.
My other patients were gaping and talking excitedly in hushed tones. I asked them to return another day or to go to my neighbour. Ushered to the door by the constable, they began to clear out reluctantly, grumbling, for the physician next door charged more than I.
Mary looks suitably scandalised and John quickly realises that this is an adventure he hasn’t previously felt the need to share with her. He, on the other hand, is finding it difficult to avoid smiling a little at the memory.
He’s trying to convince himself of a lot of things at the moment. That he isn’t hurrying back to Baker Street in a way that makes the ordinary pedestrians step aside with a barely hushed word of complaint or an annoyed glare at the very least. That he hasn’t been expecting Sherlock to show up at the clinic all day and mistakenly assaulted at least two patients just because they looked suspiciously like someone in disguise. That he isn’t going to Baker Street just because Mary told him to. The last one is true. Though he is loath to admit it and though he’s still spent much of the day debating this with himself, the truth is that he had already made up his mind last night just before falling asleep. So he also has to try to convince himself that it wasn’t the thought of going back to Baker Street that finally allowed him to get a couple of hours’ sleep.
, he brings out the worst as well. Why is it that Sherlock, the highest defender of reason, logic and intellect, must always behave like a kindergartener being robbed of his favourite toy whenever someone actually tries to reason
The next thing John is aware of is an intense smell of freshly chopped pinewood. It’s dark around him, only small flecks of light passing through. People are talking nearby, but he’s too muddy to make out what’s being said. His head is reeling.
She’s relentless. “You cheated on me. You just admitted that. And now you want to stay with the guy you cheated on me with because you don’t know who you want to end up with. Isn’t that the truth?”
In short, he is the kindest and bravest and wisest human being that Sherlock has ever known, and just because he finds it difficult to say doesn’t make it any less true.
incredible being that everyone ought to be able to enjoy.
John looks down. He can’t deny it.
Sherlock scoffs.
Sherlock is still looking at him, all quiet attention. He deserves to hear this.
to talk, but he
John smiles again, but there’s only a sort of despairing warmth to it this time.
Sherlock is looking up at the ceiling. Eyes wide and unblinking. Breath ragged. Chest heaving.
Sherlock exhales hard. His lips quiver.
It’s a mess.
standing in his way – Mycroft can sympathise entirely with that. There’s a part of him that has been intrigued by that very idea for years, toyed with it whenever Sherlock has allowed logic to yield in favour of sheer emotionality. But there’s a long way from logically imagining what might be done about a problem to actually attempting to go through with something as drastic as this. To do something like this requires every bit of heart that Mycroft does not have and thus cannot fully understand.
cufflinks, the
He really should talk with his therapist about it. That’s what you’re supposed to do, isn’t it? Talk everything through, have a bit of a cry, pat on the back and on you go with your life. Supposed to be good for you. John just can’t do it. It’s not just that he doesn’t like having to talk about how he feels. It’s not even that he can’t think of anything worse than others seeing him cry, especially when it’s a stranger who’s being paid to be sympathetic. He has paid, after all, and talked and even cried. But what he hasn’t said yet are the things that he can’t bring himself to share, not with anyone. He didn’t share them with Sherlock. He should have done so, he shouldn’t have waited, but he did and now it’s too late forever. Sharing them now, posthumously, with a virtual stranger would feel utterly wrong.
“Shh…” Jim almost coos against Sherlock’s lips, hand still caressing his jaw. “Stop thinking so much. It’s distracting.”
“I’m not always right. Not about everything.”
“Okay, stop! Just stop! Point made.” Sherlock hurls himself into a semi-upright position, as though he meant to get out of the chair and then realised he didn't have the strength halfway through.
Sherlock should fear him. He really should. The list of valid reasons to do so is long and terrifying enough to put anyone off. He’s the most dangerous criminal alive right now. Directly or indirectly, he’s been the cause of numerous disappearances and deaths, going back to when he was just a kid himself. He’s put John in a vest full of semtex and aimed snipers at both him and Sherlock on multiple occasions. It’s his fault Sherlock had to spend two years away from London. It’s his fault Sherlock had to suffer torture at the hands of a terrorist cell in Serbia, leaving permanent scars that cover most of his back. It’s his fault Sherlock had to leave John to grieve for two long years before he found someone else, leaving permanent scars covering most of Sherlock’s psyche, or what’s left of it anyway. That last one is the one that really hurts.
The days go by. John doesn’t contact Sherlock and Sherlock deems it best not to contact John either. Maybe it’s better this way. Sherlock is well aware that his current lifestyle can’t be considered healthy by any stretch of the imagination: he’s either out and about with a criminal or cooped up in his own home, surviving on a by now week-old package of toast with jam and cheap fast-food from food vendors on the streets. Mrs. Hudson does come up with the ingredients for a pasta with gorgonzola sauce, apparently now resorting to doing Sherlock’s grocery shopping without his authorization, but Sherlock can’t be bothered to cook the pasta or heat the gorgonzola with the cream and prefers to just splatter some jam onto another piece of toast when he begins to feel hungry around 2 AM. At least he’s neither smoking nor using, which, all things considered, must be thought of as a minor miracle. He does feel an itch to indulge himself once or twice, perfectly understandable in light of his escapade following John’s wedding, but, overall, he shakes off his relapse with only minor incident and a very limited amount of discomfort on his part.
is a good thing.
“I wasn’t trying to say…” One look from John and he changes course. “What if you don’t want to know?”
“You said you’d been thinking about it for
He can’t look at this.
“Yes.”
Jim’s mouth curls up in a smirk. “Exactly. So brilliant you are. And do you know why we are here?”
“Worked after all, didn’t it?”
He rids himself of coat and shoes on the path from the door to the sofa, then sinks down once again and closes his eyes as tightly as he can. One of his ears is pressed against the armrest. He covers the other with his hand, increasing the pressure until the world is drowned out in white noise and all he can hear is the blood rushing through beneath his palm. He almost convinces himself that he can feel his own heartbeat somewhere deep inside, pulsing up into his ears and down into his toes.
But John is in enough pain as it is. There’s no need for Sherlock’s unproven suspicions to make everything worse. And Sherlock, unlike Mary, wants this to be John’s decision. That might entail letting John hear everything so he can make his decision having all the available evidence at hand. But in the end, it’s not Sherlock’s place to decide what is and isn’t acceptable to John. Nor would it be fair for Sherlock to make his suspicions appear like concrete fact in order to make John choose him.
“That’s nice, dear. What about his nationality?”
“Why?”
It’s hateful, all of it. The way he’s lying here, curled up in the foetal position like a complete moron, just because he’s alone again. The way he wishes – yes, wishes – for Moriarty to keep his promise and come back. Why must he be so horribly unforgivably
analog clock as it counts the seconds out painfully loud.
When Sherlock emerges from the shower, damp hair sticking up six ways from Sunday, only covered in one of his trusty old dressing gowns… when he stretches out on the couch in the evening, comfortably resting his bare feet in John’s lap regardless of the fact that John is technically still eating, heels coming to rest just a little too close to John’s crotch for comfort… when he’s finally able to get properly dressed and exchanges his baggy T-shirts and pyjamas bottoms for his elegant, figure-hugging dress shirts and tightly fitted pants… well, then it
as it had on that day. That old despair, that all-consuming emptiness that John hasn’t felt in quite a while… it rises up again in front of him now, like a wave waiting to crash into him and pull him under, knock the air out of his lungs and keep him from breathing. He can already feel it, clammy hands wrapping themselves around his throat and turning every breath into a struggle.
hitting him strongly, but his muscles still feel sluggish and heavy and he only manages to shift ever so slightly.
“I can’t just forget about it, Sherlock! Why didn’t you tell me? Why didn’t you tell me… any of this?”
The first two chapters were very introductory, but from here on out, the story is really going to take off. I didn't want to put this directly in the tags, because Icebergs is a fanfic first and foremost, but the story is a bit of a meta disguised as a fic and perhaps also an S4-fix it in some ways. I really hope you will enjoy this and subsequent chapters and please feel free to comment if you want, it's a great motivation to me!
Finally, finally, FINALLY I am back with chapter six of Icebergs! And first and foremost, I do apologise. It has been more than two months since chapter five, some of the delay has been a trip to London, Christmas, New Year's, exams in January and starting school again in February, but some of it has also just been the chapter itself. It took me a really long time to write, it was very difficult to write and I'm still not 100% happy about it. And I'm not quite sure why exactly, but this is just one of those difficult transition chapters, moving the story from the opening chapters that stick quite closely to what we see in season three to the actual story itself.
“How? How could you think that?”
Sherlock has been in hospital a full three days now. His brain is processing. He’s not brain dead. He’s just… not conscious. And there’s nothing the doctors can do. There’s nothing anyone can do other than wait and hope for Sherlock to just… decide to wake up, apparently.
At first, Sherlock can only focus on him. He looks the same as always, same body language, same hair colour, same general air about him. But his hair is slicked back, that’s new. And he’s actually wearing some quality clothes for once, a shirt of a dark blue colour that Sherlock is certain he’s never seen before as well as a pair of dark jeans.
Sherlock hasn't spoken this many words at one time since he woke up a week ago.
This takes a moment longer to answer, but only just. “Because… well, I suppose because I don’t really care what they think.”
– well, if sacrificing his memories of the good times will just make the pain of having all of that taken away from him go away too then it will all be worth it. To not be able to live with something is a metaphor, but it certainly doesn’t feel that way in this case. The noise of his memories have started to feel like a migraine, a hammer constantly battering away on the inside of Sherlock’s skull, slowly driving him out of his mind. Mycroft may think it reckless to risk everything for an uncertain reward. But what if just the chance of achieving that reward is worth every risk and sacrifice in the world?
in there?”
John decides to ignore him right back.
Sherlock resigns himself to the inevitable conclusion that he arrives at every second day on average – that Rosie, regrettably, is still a bit too young for his scientific explanations – and nods at her good-naturedly. “Yes, it’s white.”
She picks up on the first ring.
Sherlock slumps, the energy leaving him the moment Mycroft’s hand leaves the door handle. He doesn’t meet John’s gaze. He just looks at the floor with that God damn dreamy expression, twice removed from reality, and John really wants to shake him, shake some sense into him. Perhaps he was a bit hasty in his relief that the living room doesn’t have the general appearance of a drug den. It seems Sherlock has just been shooting up elsewhere.
John makes two cups of tea.
When Sherlock might wake up again is anyone’s guess, but it shouldn’t be more than a few hours, which rules out the possibility of John going home to run himself a hot shower and sort through his own thoughts. Instead he settles for calling Mary as soon as the doctors have finished with their explanations. She picks up before the second ring, receives the news and promptly announces that she’s coming over, middle of the workday notwithstanding.
“Mrs. Hudson!”
“Just shut up! And stay shut up! Because this is not funny! This is serious! Do you understand me? It's serious!”
When he doesn’t, it’s because of Jim. Jim can turn up at any time, talking and joking and asking Sherlock to run around with him and do deductions, and Sherlock well remembers how helplessly behind he’d felt that first time when he was still partly under the influence. He’s determined not to embarrass himself any further.
It’s the same with every other reminder. The box with some of Sherlock’s things that Lestrade brought him half a year ago is sitting somewhere in the back of a cupboard. John can’t bring himself to throw it out, but he can’t stand unpacking it either, much less having some of the things on display. The merest glimpse of anything just vaguely connected to or representing Sherlock in the remotest way is enough to make his insides clench up in painful knots and there are enough reminders as it is. Every single street in London seems to be full of them. He can’t face anything more even if parting from everything with any connection to the life he once shared with Sherlock and storing whatever small tokens of him that still remain back into a cupboard somewhere feels too much like an attempt to pretend that he can ever go back to how it was before Sherlock.
”I thought I had a choice! I thought… I thought I could single them out and delete it all, all these emotions, and then… then I’d be able to just be! Be what I always thought I was meant to be… be better, smarter, faster! An era-defining genius! I thought it was a choice I took… but in the end, I couldn’t do it! I couldn’t turn it off, I couldn’t not feel! I thought it was all in here, in me, and I just had to let it out! But in the end I’m not that person! I never have been and I never could be! I’m not anything… anything other than this…
John places both hands on Sherlock’s shoulders and shakes him roughly. Sherlock’s eyes fly open. He looks around frantically, all but flailing for a moment, before he manages to focus his disorientated gaze on John.
John wants a traditional family Christmas. John is not a very traditional man, no matter what he might try to project. Neither of them are. They solve crimes for a living. Sherlock needs something to use his brain on or it will begin to spiral wildly out of control, pushing him to resort to drugs to shut it down. John needs something that will provide him with a regular adrenaline kick or he will begin to grow restless and agitated, taking stupid risks in order to satisfy his need for danger and excitement. Where exactly
On the fifth day after Sherlock’s return from hospital, they’ve finally managed to run out of family, friends and
The universe has not lost its mind completely just yet.
They don’t pick the conversation back up again in the following days. The next morning they’re both seemingly back to normal, making light conversation and feigning easy camaraderie until they both seem to forget that they’re feigning it. The next days pass in a similar manner. John begins to worry that they’re falling back on old habits, opting for total silence and a pretended normality. He had vowed that this time would be different, but it seems as though he isn't capable of keeping that vow.
Not that there’s much for him to do at the moment other than making the final wedding preparations, including perfecting this composition. John has no time for him, not now. It’s been more than a week since he’s stopped by to visit and then it was only to retrieve a couple of things that he ended up leaving behind after sleeping a serious hangover off at the police station post stag night. Sherlock can understand that. Now that his wedding is just a few days away, of course John can’t afford to spend time solving any cases. It’s a more than acceptable excuse and, for once, Sherlock has no intention to goad John into forgetting a pressing matter at hand in favour of a case. Quite the opposite. This time, it’s John’s pressing matters that must take precedence over Sherlock’s cases.
Because John had been lying in his bed next to his
Perhaps it’s a matter of sentimentality, John wishing to experience the kind of Christmas he couldn’t have growing up as well as give that sort of Christmas to his own daughter.
“But why, Sherlock? What do you honestly think I care about the most? Hm? An afternoon with Mary or your health and safety?"
John deposits his bags so quickly it could almost be called dropping them and crosses the distance between them in two strides.
But John has the feeling his would-be inquiries might not be entirely welcome.
By the time two doctors emerged from the A&E to deliver much awaited yet gut-wrenchingly dreaded news of Sherlock’s condition, John could have sworn that no less than an eternity had passed. And that despite the clock seeming to indicate that it had, in fact, been closer to half an hour. That was fifteen minutes ago.
Sherlock doesn’t comment. He’s all but collapsed. Evidently his last outburst has drained him completely of energy. But his thumb slowly moves onto John’s hand. Reciprocates.
“Sherlock… if there’s anything you want to talk about... I mean, ever since you woke up it’s seemed as though… and in the cab on the way home…”
For a few precious seconds, there’s nothing else. Nothing but the here and now, with Sherlock’s body warm and pliant in John’s arms, his hands in John’s hair, his lips on John’s lips. The rest of the world is far away, hazy in John’s mind as though he’s thinking about it through a fog. What exists is all right here in this very room. It’s transcendent. The culmination of years of longing and even John’s excessively keen imagination has failed to do this justice. This is all there is. Everything else can go to hell.
, to distract him. Take his mind off this impossible creaking and just
He speaks again, if only to break the spell, to divert the electrical current flowing between them.
. John can’t find the words to curse or rage or even despair fluently. That leaves him with
“Of course you don’t know how to, of course you don’t. But there’s more than one way to do it.”
He’s rewarded with a smile. Once again, their faces are so close to one another’s that the only change visible to Sherlock is a slight lift of the cheeks and a twinkle in the eyes. There’s warmth in his chest.
This is how it should have been three years ago. This is what John should have done. All those times he wanted to, yet he never dared and always turned away. If he’d only dared then, what might the world not look like now?
“Have you seen any pretty ones?”
Sherlock doesn’t turn around. He can’t. If he does, he won’t be able to keep going.
John is out shopping. He promised he’d get them something nice for dinner. Perhaps he’ll buy ingredients for that Thai vegetable pot with peas Sherlock is so fond of. He seems to have noticed that Sherlock always manages to finish his portion when it’s that vegetable pot.
One should be careful what one wishes for.
“What happened to you, Sherlock?” John isn’t even sure he wants to know, but there’s an equally big part of him that needs to. From a morbid sense of curiosity, a doctor’s desire to know the course of the injury, the masochistic wish to feed his own guilt or all three.
John will command Sherlock off to bed when his eyelids begin to look too heavy for him. Sherlock will grumble for a couple of minutes, but ultimately go along without a fuss. He will then get into his nightclothes while John goes to fetch him a glass of water for the bedside table (he doesn’t really need it and he’s never asked for it, but it gives John something to do while Sherlock changes, something doctor-y and uncomplicated that doesn’t need any discussion, and Sherlock seems to go along with it just fine). John will tuck him in, trying not to be too domestic about it, and wish him a good sleep, since Sherlock’s sleeping patterns don’t always correspond with nighttime these days. Tamping down his accompanying desire to let his fingers run through Sherlock’s curls has almost become part of the routine.
Not that it’s a regular occurrence anymore. The first three to four months, barely a week went by that John didn’t spend at least a day curled up in what was more or less the foetal position although he still has trouble acknowledging that to himself. By now, after two years, John has painstakingly brought his number of bad days down to once every two to three months. But today looks like an obvious candidate.
John’s not a stranger to his traitorous mind. It has wandered at times in the past, and in Sherlock’s presence more than ever. But it was different back then. Not good,
John leans further forward, clutching on to Sherlock’s hand for dear life.
“You can. That we’re even here at all is all the proof you need. You can, Sherlock. It’s the last thing you’ll have to do, the last thing I’ll ask of you. Just one little push… and off you pop.”
But ignoring a problem won’t make it go away. Sherlock plucks the notice off the wall, folding it away carefully in his breast pocket before making his way down the hallway.
That’s why John made the decision he made, and now he’ll have to live with that. You don’t reap what you sow. You reap what you care for as it grows. John has sown many seeds throughout the years, but he’s only truly taken care of two. And only one has come to fruition. What’s done is done. If he wanted it differently, he should have spoken a long time ago.
Sherlock meets John’s gaze then, tears rolling down either cheek as he keeps repeating his self-denial, his hurt and anger and frustration and hopelessness.
Mary is right. She is, in fact, right. She sees what John hasn’t been able (or willing) to see: that with all that John has done in the past weeks, this is their last chance.
And Moriarty sees it.
The silence is deafening. John can practically hear the gears turning in Sherlock’s head, his brain scrambling for words and his lips and teeth and tongue fighting to form them. It takes at least a quarter of a minute before he succeeds.
“I don’t know, Mary. I miss you. And Sherlock is getting much better. But he’s not there yet.”
. I know what you think, I know you think I’m… that I’m like Mycroft or Jim. That I don’t feel very much at all and that I can turn it off entirely. That when I’m on a case, I’m only thinking and allowing only my brain to guide me.”
For a few seconds, Sherlock doesn’t know where he is. Whatever he had expected to find on the other side of that door at Battersea, a blinding light shining straight into his eyes certainly wasn’t his top candidate. He briefly wonders if perhaps he might be dying. Perhaps this blinding light is a visual hallucination his oxygen-deprived brain is conjuring up in the last nanoseconds of consciousness before it stops functioning. That might explain the nonsensical belief in a passage of white light awaiting people when they die. Fascinating.
“Good, John. Much better. I read a bit today in that
. It doesn’t even return to it’s former, more or less tolerable level. It just subsides enough for Sherlock to regain his footing. His awareness of his physical body diminishes as he slips fully back into his mind palace once again. His first action is to take a step back towards the door, infused with an overwhelming desire to just run away and lock, lock, lock the door on this whole floor. Forget about water leakages and damp and puddles and noise and all of it. Emotional response. Impulse. Sherlock hurries to suppress it.
It’s Sherlock’s turn to breathe a sigh of relief.
Sherlock hesitates a moment as he ponders the question. Then he meets John’s eyes again. “Couch.”
It’s not because of any observable decline in his circumstances. When he was 23, he was living alone, doing drugs to cope with his loneliness, telling himself he didn’t need the company of any half-arsed idiots to feel content, trying to make a niche for his special abilities professionally yet constantly being either too high or too down and out to do any actual work. That sounds like quite the decent summary of his current situation too.
It matters with Sherlock. It’s always mattered with Sherlock, John has always known that it does and it has always made him feel deeply uncomfortable. Confused. He feels excessively old for an identity crisis, but that’s what it’s felt like for the past five years whenever Sherlock has gotten just a bit too close. Thus has he passed the time, pulling away when Sherlock leans in and leaning in when Sherlock pulls away. Denying every accusation aimed at them (seemingly from all directions), yet always insisting on staying close and taking pride in being Sherlock’s main support. In a constant state of uncertainty about who he is and who he wants to be. And uncertainty concerning Sherlock too. Sherlock, who always seems to commit an act showing a clear lack of conscience and morals right when John has convinced himself that it’s all just a façade, and then reveal a bit of his heart and a genuine smile of affection right when John is abandoning all hope.
If Sherlock held his breath involuntarily a moment ago in fear of rejection, now his breath hitches just as involuntarily, but for another reason entirely. Every nerve in his body seems to light up simultaneously. A warm, glowing feeling settles in him, quite distinct from the physical warmth generated by John’s body in such close proximity to his own, if not completely independent of it. Sherlock finds it an all but impossible task to locate as much as a cell in him willing to object, even if some part of him is still there to remind him that he ought to. He drowns that voice out with as much force as he’s able to muster.
Mary drives on. He doesn’t wave. He just locks himself in, heads for the kitchen and makes himself a cup of tea that he decides upon the first sip is too light for him right now. Instead he finds a bottle of wine, leftover from an evening with friends of course, and pours himself a glass of that.
Of course John – strong, kind, understanding, wonderful John – finds a way to give him the answers without forcing him to ask the questions.
Besides, perhaps Sherlock’s boredom in and off itself is actually a good sign.
This is about Sherlock and John. The rest of the world be damned.
Why had he made Mary John’s executioner? Why had his subconscious drawn that association? Had it just been jealousy? Sherlock’s brain is no stranger to jealousy, particularly where Mary is concerned. But even Sherlock will admit that making John’s own wife Moriarty’s choice of executioner is pushing credibility on what his brain could believably have come up with on its own.
“What’s the final problem?”
She nods vigorously.
No. He just needs to wait for John. John will make it all better. Even if Sherlock hates himself for needing that.
John isn’t saying his litany out loud, at least he doesn’t think he is. He just thinks, harder than he ever has before, as he wills his thoughts to somehow transfer themselves into Sherlock’s long lost consciousness.
It’s not because he regrets confronting his own feelings. It’s not because he’s ashamed of what he’s found. It’s not because he’s planning on doing something about it. It isn’t going to make a difference, cause a change in his life or in his behaviour towards either Mary or Sherlock. As he established quite firmly last night, coming clean will do no one any good. But something still happened last night. Even if he chooses to ignore it, hide it away, never speak of it, never act on it, he can’t take his thoughts of last night back. They can’t be un-thought.
to know.
And falls over the edge as Jim closes the last gap between them.
there? Attended his own funeral, hidden or in disguise? Sounded like something he might actually do. But why should he? Just to see how upset they’d all be? The anger had resurfaced for a moment there. Until the thought arrived that Sherlock might have attended his funeral not to see people be upset, strictly speaking, but to see if anyone
can’t just ignore that.
It seems as though neither of them intends to discuss it anymore today. By the time John makes it back into the living room with his cuppa, Sherlock has returned to the couch and curled up in a corner, back against the armrest and feet pulled up tight to his chest. As John’s efforts to come up with something to say has proven to be without result, he gives up and slides down onto the couch by Sherlock’s side. He flicks the telly back on. Deciding exactly how close to Sherlock he needs to be on the couch is a challenge, but he eventually settles on reclaiming his usual spot, close enough and familiar enough to avoid giving Sherlock the idea that John is trying to put some distance between them, but not close enough to touch as long as John doesn’t attempt to.
Reuploaded to add what should have been the beginning of the third chapter. I just felt that it fitted in better here. I've decided to make the chapters longer from here on out, which might mean that new chapters will take longer in coming out. I apologise for that.
John draws in a shaking breath.
it. The words of a lifetime ago are in his head.
“I suppose so.”
But they will deal with those problems when they arise. And they will deal with them together.
Thoughts are such tricky things, aren’t they? They seem so fleeting and harmless that you’re fooled into thinking that only voicing them can make problems out of them. John knows how erroneous that assumption is. He’s learned that the hard way. It’s as if not one of the thoughts in his head now ever was or will be unproblematic. Fleeting much less. Those same thoughts have been with him for two whole years now, trapped inside his head and remaining unspoken. Long-time companions of his. More long-time than the woman he plans to propose to. There’s a certain irony in that now that he thinks about it.
John straightens up and sends Sherlock a dirty grin, but then he seems to hesitate, shifting his weight from one foot to the other. Sherlock knows what he means.
“I understand,” she says again. “It’s… what it is. It’s not ideal, but we can deal with it.” A bit of warmth returns to her gaze. “We can deal with it, John. I think we’re strong enough. But you have to want it, John. We can do it together, but it has to be what you want. And you called me here today because it’s what you want, isn’t that right?”
John nods thoughtfully. “Perhaps that’s true,” he concedes, smiling in that wry, partly humorous, partly serious way. “But you kept me waiting long enough, you know.” John sighs in mock exasperation and shakes his head. “You utter cock.”
“I can’t, Mary,” he says, and it’s the truth. “I’m sorry. I love you. I want to be with you. But I need to do this in my own way. I know that what you’re asking isn’t much. And trust me when I say that I know I owe it to you to do things your way. But I can’t. Not this time.”
“Really? Seriously?”
That Sherlock barely seems to understand what he’s so keyed up about only adds to John’s anger. He genuinely seems unable or unwilling to understand what the problem is, and no amount of glares or shouts from John’s side go the slightest way towards making him. That he’s likely still affected by the drugs in his system and not in full possession of the situation does nothing to halt John’s frustration with him.
Sherlock hesitates a little with his answer, as though he already knows John won’t be pleased to hear it.
. Do you need me to take you back to the hospital?”
Out of a moral obligation to inform Sherlock’s family, John calls Mycroft while Sherlock is cleaning himself in the bathroom at Bart’s. He’d rather not, to be honest. Sherlock is behaving himself quite well all things considered, answering questions and only occasionally showing his frustrations with his friends’ concern for his wellbeing. John isn’t fool enough to take that for granted. There’s a frantic intensity to his movements and speech, reminding John of a caged animal pacing behind bars and ready to attack at any moment. His nerves are obviously not up for a confrontation with his brother at the moment. Still, John doesn’t feel as though he has a choice. It’s not really his decision to make. He’s just a friend. Sherlock’s family has a right to know.
Sherlock is taken straight from the ambulance into the A&E upon arrival. Which means that John has to let him go. That moment is definitely the hardest. Afterwards he just sinks down on a chair in the hallway outside the emergency room, staring straight ahead unseeingly. Like a puppet with its strings cut. Mrs. Hudson sits beside him, but neither of them speaks. At some point, she puts her hand on top of John’s and gives his hand a squeeze, but he barely notices and he can’t find the energy to respond. He knows she won’t blame him. Mrs. Hudson is far smarter than most people give her credit for, and she understands exactly what John needs – silence and a bit of comfort – without being told. It can’t be easy for her either. Sherlock is very much like a surrogate son to her, which is to say that she has just witnessed her surrogate son being dragged into the back of an ambulance, pale like a corpse and with a heartrate of 130.
Sherlock cocks his head thoughtfully, observing John, seeing all that there is to see. For once, John doesn’t make even the feeblest of attempts to hide anything, but just lets Sherlock look his fill. John knows from experience that Sherlock will most likely notice everything he might be trying to hide anyway, so he might as well stop his incessant need for privacy when they’ve already shared saliva so thoroughly that they must have made up for at least six months of the three years they’ve waited.
“And if it was something acceptable, I wouldn’t have backtracked,” Sherlock counters, but his objections fall on deaf ears and an expectant smile.
And there they sit. Not a word passes between them, not a muscle is moved. One is leaned forward nonchalantly, not a flicker of emotion in sight, not a crack in his façade. The other is slumped back in his chair. If John had to guess, he’d wager he looks like a man whose whole world has come crashing down around him for the second time. He dislikes it, wearing his heart on his sleeve like this, but he doesn’t dislike it enough to conjure up the energy needed to put on a brave face. Mycroft would see through it anyway, wouldn’t he? No point in trying then.
“I’m not like them, Sherlock.” Moriarty is still looking directly at him, speaking earnestly. He gets up from John’s chair and gets down in front of Sherlock’s, seeking his gaze. And Sherlock gives it, drawn back almost involuntarily and kept there, transfixed. Jim’s voice sounds almost like a chant, an incantation reverberating through the room and through Sherlock’s head.
But Sherlock isn’t here for John to shout at.
There’s nothing beyond this moment. No world outside, no people waiting with their expectations. Just this moment right here and now, there is just Jim and Sherlock and a mounting intensity in their kisses that is ready to boil over. And right here and now in this moment, that’s the only thing that Sherlock desires.
But John has no right to ask. And frankly he has no room to judge either, his own unspoken thoughts and feelings considered. Forcing Sherlock to confide in him on this account without offering him the same confidence in return would not be fair.
Only when he begins actively cracking down on it, actively monitoring the paths his mind chooses to pursue, does he realise just how bad it has become. Awfully often, he has to guide his thoughts away from dangerous territory. It seems like every fifth minute on average, or perhaps that’s guilt speaking.
“How long what?”
Jim shakes his head. He’s so close that Sherlock can feel his breath like a soft caress on his cheek. Their noses touch the next instant.
John looks at him for a long time. Long enough to cause Sherlock’s stomach to do one whole nauseating somersault. He’s already hearing John’s derision ring in his ears when John smiles good-naturedly. “That’s a rare statement from you, Sherlock. Are you sure you’re alright?” he teases, but then his eyes take on a more serious note. “I’d like to stay. And maybe… I think I might like to stay longer. I don’t want to say permanently now, but… longer.” John pauses as well, giving the message time to sink in or gathering his resolve for what he’s about to say next, Sherlock can’t tell.
. He spends hours and hours in his chair or on the couch, wrapped in a big blanket with a warm cup of tea at John’s insistence, glancing out of the windows with a look in his eyes as though he’s a thousand miles away. Silence is nothing new to him (John has witnessed his fair share of Sherlock’s prolonged sulking silences throughout the years), but never like this before.
? Yes, come to think of it, he’s definitely horizontal. On a bed, maybe, possibly, probably, judging by the soft covering he can feel beneath his fingertips and along his lower arms.
Sherlock can feel a bit of moisture building around the corners of his eyes, his body adding insult to injury. Every one of his too-numerous emotions is laid bare beneath Moriarty’s gaze as the too-numerous emotions of others used to lie bared beneath his.
“… I think I was always somewhat attracted to him, in one way or another. There’s something about him that has always appealed to me. It’s not just his intelligence. It’s… it’s a sort of understanding. A recognition, if you will. I bet he knew it before I even knew he existed. The reason he wanted to lure me in that very first time, with the bombings, it was to meet me. Because he’d already guessed it. And I knew it as soon as we met.” Sherlock hesitates. “You knew it too,” he finally adds and turns his eyes on John. “You knew it too, right from the beginning.”
. “There was something I wanted to talk about.”
“I…” he starts, but he never finishes.
Sherlock is staring back at him, betraying nothing. Mycroft is the one being deduced on right now. Those eyes bore into him as though they are unravelling everything he’s got hidden away, exposing everything he would rather have remain unknown and uncommented on. The uncomfortable image of the frog tied down for an autopsy, waiting to be pried open and forced to give up all its secrets… Mycroft has never felt closer to that unfortunate amphibian than in this moment.
have emotions, that he
If you are interested in some Christmas Johnlock fluff from yours truly, the first part will be up right here on my AO3 on December 20th. Until then, thank you so much for reading and season's greetings to all!
Mary smiles slightly at that and nods, silently urging him to go on once more.
Cold fury blazing in his eyes, Watson sprang to his feet. His cheeks flushed and his nostrils flared; his lips curved in a snarl. It was a treat to watch him suppress his temper. He was on the verge of shouting abuse at me, yet managed not to. Excellent.
“Really? How so?”
Watson was as prim and dashing as three hours ago, as delectable and tempting in his tightly fit uniform. His posture was impeccable and his gait graceful; only the colour which tinged his cheeks and the shining in his eyes gave away his inebriated state. I could see by his face that his outing was a success.
The man who walked into my consulting-room was striking in appearance: tall, heavily built, with an authoritative air about him, he was like a mountain towering over lowlands—that is, us, mere mortals—although his anatomy suggested that he wasn’t of royal bloodline. His steely grey eyes seemed to pierce through you to see your innermost thoughts.
“Don’t lose heart, Watson,” Holmes said kindly.
“I was sure I could handle it, although my friends and relatives warned me against it. I know now that they were right. No one in their right mind should join Her Majesty's troops.”
“True. I am so sorry for getting you into this mess.”
Holmes shook his head, his gaze full of frustration and distress and... tenderness. I could read it in his eyes: I had become as dear to him as he had to me. He wished me to be safe and that no harm was done to me, just as I wished it for him. Before we knew it we were kissing desperately, clinging to each other like two madmen. I couldn’t believe it. He felt the same. We were criminals even in this—the law prohibited such relations as well as abortions since both prevented the birth of new slaves.
“Dr. Watson, Mr. Mycroft Holmes would like to see you,” Mrs. Hudson said quietly.
“Yes, I have but a few friends,” the Colonel replied. “The house and my hobby take up most of my time.”
“The final act shall take place tonight,” I replied. “But the stage is yet to be set.”
“But your reputation of three separate continents—”
“I’ll be up and about soon, and won’t burden you further, Doctor,” Holmes said.
That deep baritone pierced me like an electric charge. I would know its cadence, its gentle, almost imperceptible Edinburgh lilt amongst millions. I had been hearing it in my dreams for three years.
“John,” he said weakly, reaching out for me.
At last, when the main course was finished, Watson put down his fork and gazed straight at me.
“I have to go now, but I shan’t be long,” he said in a low voice.
“So, my story. I am a chemist by profession. Until recently I worked for the government in a laboratory at St. Bart’s. In my spare time I was carrying out research and discovered a substance which could change the world. My experiments on tissue samples showed that the new chemical compound was entirely harmless for humans but lethal for the invaders. It was a potential weapon, and very effective too. Someone from the lab must have spied on me since I hadn’t yet shared my findings with anyone. The Division tried to arrest me right on the street as I was returning from work. My chemical bench was burned along with my papers, but of course they would wish to eliminate all risks. I’ve been on the run for almost a month, but they finally managed to find me.
“You mustn’t blame me,” he continued. “You were away, and I was
I couldn’t help being astonished by the effect of an intriguing case on Holmes, despite having seen the transformation many times. His black melancholy had disappeared without trace, replaced by fierce energy and excitement. Under different circumstances I would have been glad. Instead, my temper was rising.
Having walked along the corridor past a half-empty drawing-room, a bedroom with a lonely bed-frame in it, then yet another empty room, we came to a second, larger bedroom which, thankfully, had everything in place.
Usually Holmes does show some appreciation of Watson’s kindness, though (REIG, EMPT, SOLI, DYIN, RETI, etc). Actually, it never ceases to amaze me how accommodating Watson can be of Holmes’s needs, and how he takes it with utmost selflessness.
“Elementary,” Holmes heaved a sigh. “I do impose on you terribly. Taking an unscheduled day off costs you quite a bit: you are clearly working hard to make ends meet. Buying this practice must have required the entirety of your wound compensation.”
“Bless you, Doctor, it won’t be a full-fledged search. Why, have you anything to hide?” Lestrade quipped with a predatory grin.
“For one soldier in particular,” he said, trailing kisses down my neck.
“You couldn’t have predicted the outcome,” he tried again.
Holmes is being cute: he said just before that Watson would consider it simple after an explanation, and when Watson does exactly that Holmes is still a little ruffled. What an example of pure, emotionless logic, everyone.
5. And then that infamous experiment with the lamp. Of course Watson wouldn’t leave Holmes to deal alone with danger, luckily for Holmes. It was pointed out many times before that Watson would do nigh impossible to keep Holmes from harm:
“Leave the doctor in peace, Mycroft,” said Holmes’s weary voice.
He was too much absorbed with his own thoughts to give any immediate answer to my remonstrance. (VALL)
“You wouldn’t like to see other alternatives?” Holmes asked archly.
“Mycroft, I appeal for your understanding,” I said in a milder tone. “You live your life as you deem best for you. Please allow me to do the same.”
“Very well, suit yourself,” Mycroft scoffed wearily.
“As a matter of fact I did, but my diploma was annulled. At the graduation party,” Stamford lowered his voice, “I made a joke about the Queen as we were drinking. Someone reported me the next day. We were all friends, and yet someone reported me.”
“You can take revenge on me in your next book.”
I started to move within him, very gently at first, dragging my cock along his clenching channel and feeling him open for me. His eyes closed, he was biting his lips, low moans escaping them. I tightened my grip on his cock and frigged him as I was increasing my pace. As much as I loved being taken by my John, I loved to be inside him. It gave him such intense pleasure that he would let go of his composure; his subconscious defenses would fall apart. He always submitted himself to me, unashamed of how needy and vulnerable he was. Every single time I was humbled by the utmost trust he put in me.
Kneading my buttocks, Holmes lowered himself to his knees and took my prick into his mouth—at first only the head—sucking at it gently and teasing it with his tongue. He elicited from me a low, guttural moan. It felt amazing, yet I yearned for more. Holmes looked up at me, a mischievous sparkle in his eyes. His lips stretched as he swallowed my engorged member to its base. The hot wetness of his mouth was heavenly. Bobbing his head up and down, he sucked me with obscene slurping noises, his cheeks hollowed. Engulfed in pleasure, I ran my fingers through his hair and caressed him behind the ear. He hummed contentedly, sucking harder. When we had just met, he had already been fairly experienced in it, even though he had been out of practice for years, since the university. By now he had mastered the art of sucking cock to perfection. In spite of myself, I began to rock my hips, disrupting his rhythm, and he let me fuck his mouth. Holding his head lovingly, I did so with relish; the tip of my prick pushed against the back of his throat, but my Holmes took it masterfully until I was on the verge of the peak again.
“You’re not fit to travel!”
Having read this story, I remain as perplexed as I was after watching the episode of the TV series. This goes beyond being simply inspired. It’s a rip-off, and a bland one at that. The action, the tension, the excitement of CHAS are gone. It’s not as if Mrs. Christie couldn’t come up with original plots of her own—she could and did most successfully. If it’s a “form of flattery”, as E. W. Hornung put it in his dedication to ACD in
“Carry on then,” Lestrade said and slammed the door shut. “Really, she’s like a jack-in-the-box, that old hag.”
Chronology sets the case in 1899, but since it was published in 1904, I doubt that it happened so late into Holmes’s career.
“Well, I broke the nose of that Fenton fellow and dislocated the arm of the garroter, so they are welcome to send others.”
for all her help and support.
Reading
“I’ve been to the water closet before the nap. Just fuck me.”
—Today is one of those quiet days at the very end of the year when there’s nothing else to do except sit at home by the fire and reflect on the past. I’d rather not dwell on the future at the moment. I’m only glad that Holmes managed to sneak away from America for the holiday season without endangering his undercover mission. How we’ve missed each other! His homecoming was the best Christmas gift imaginable. At least he can rest for a while from his Irish-American guise. As has been his custom since his return, he preferred to sleep in and won’t rise until lunchtime, so here I am, alone in our sitting-room, ensconced on the sofa and scribbling in my notebook.
I helped him to a glass of water and examined him. Nothing was amiss, but healing could be a tough process—which was certainly the case. I hated seeing Holmes suffer.
The vaseline jar was already beside him on the bed. I stroked his back and trailed kisses down his spine and over his pert buttocks. Then I parted them and ran my thumb along his puckered entrance. It made him goose-fleshy; he had a catching of the breath and shifted closer towards me.
“Out of the question,” I replied, getting dressed. “I must send them off on the wrong track. Otherwise they will be at Victoria before us and we won’t be able to board the train.”
“It’s not an urgent matter?”
John nodded, having followed the train of my thoughts. I moved to make space for him, and we lay in my narrow bed together, pressed to each other from head to foot.
I held him in my arms as tremors ran through his body and he reached the peak. With a low groan he spent hard, thick white spurts hitting the fireplace screen. Gasping, he shuddered from the aftershocks, and I kissed his nape soothingly. He let out a happy, sated sigh, leaning back on me.
pointed out (
“Looking forward to it, my dear fellow. Judging by what you’ve shown me of your writing in our army days, you have a talent. And you know I am not prone to flattery.”
In TWIS Holmes says,
without a word. While he was reading it, his expression changed from tepid to interested and at some point even amused.
“No, we are not being watched. But you do have a point,” Holmes replied cryptically. “Anyway, after the third message my theory was complete. I checked the news related to Hamleys and found out that indeed Lord Roxton’s charity event was to start at half-past two on the 26th of December. One would need unhindered access to the premises to set the time the night prior, supposing that the bomb had already been installed. Therefore, it was very likely that the criminal was one of the employees. I contacted the manager of Hamleys, explained my concerns, and asked whether I could come instead of the actor who entertained the buyers to see if there was a familiar face among the staff. Indeed there was. Saville—under an assumed name, naturally—works there as a maker of mechanical toys and clocks. The Irregulars are now shadowing him, and if we are lucky, we may catch his accomplices as well.”
“Of course,” I cried. “If you need my assistance why didn’t you tell me before?”
“Aren’t you too?” his hand slid down and squeezed my hardening prick through the clothes. “The Norwood case left me out of sorts, and I hadn’t been inclined during it. Whereas you are regular in your habits.”
I slipped my arm around his waist, and we looked together at the shattered window of the Baker Street flat across the street.
I don’t know how long I wandered aimlessly. Did they catch him? Would they torture him before executing? Nothing mattered anymore. I could take a cab, go back to my surgery, and wait for them there. Then a thought crossed my mind that they would get me anyway, here, on these streets, so why bother. I lowered myself on some half-broken bench, having neither strength nor will to go on.
was published on the 25th of June and immediately was a great success, even though the two earlier novel-length instalments had gone mostly unnoticed. It only proved the effectiveness of the short story format. Herbert Greenhough Smith, the editor of
“Do not concern yourself with that,” Mycroft said, and I hung up.
“I thought I’d gone mad,” John stammered. “I kept seeing you in random passers-by only to find I was mistaken.”
I glanced at my watch: John was half an hour late. This wasn’t typical of him at all, considering his military punctuality. Had he been detained by a patient, he would’ve sent a note. But perhaps there were no spare servants in the house to do the task or perhaps the patient’s condition was so grave he lost track of time. In spite of the many possible explanations which it was easy to imagine, a vague sense of foreboding seized me. Mycroft regarded me with a slightly raised eyebrow, saying nothing. He had never approved of my ‘getting attached’ as he called it, but wisely kept his opinion to himself.
I had no appetite, but I didn’t wish to upset her by skipping the meal she had taken pains to prepare. Then I went upstairs, and there it was, laid out on the bed, the black mourning suit. I had worn it before on several occasions, but now I had to don it for Sherlock. In spite of the dangers our lifestyle involved, I had never envisaged this.
. A superb performance, wasn’t it?”
I ceased my ministrations. He rose and turned, and the next instant my breath was taken away by a most fervent kiss, and then Holmes was off to the water closet. While he was there, I made the bed with fresh sheets I had brought with me—cleanliness was important for us both in this regard. Soon Holmes returned and embraced me from behind. His hands roamed over my chest, sides, and hips as he was removing my remaining clothes. Those hands had always been my undoing; he could play me like his violin, knowing countless chords of my body, improvising and discovering more. He kept cataloguing my responses and sensitive spots every time we were intimate. Now it was I who submitted himself completely to his lover.
In Paris we had an hour between the trains. We secured a whole compartment to ourselves once more. There were not many people on the platform, so we could stretch our legs and smoke at ease. Although Sherlock soon tired, it was beneficial, for he slept soundly during our journey to Calais. In fact, he went on sleeping after the ferry, all the way through, leaning on me, his cheek burrowed into my shoulder. Insomnia seemed to have been replaced by the opposite extreme.
Holmes didn’t reply. There was clearly something on his mind, for he didn’t utter a word during our hurried walk back to Baker Street. Once at home, he studied the toy minutely, smelled the crate, and then wrote a note which he sent off with Billy. It was only after that that he bathed. Half an hour later, when Billy returned with a reply, Holmes went out immediately.
One day the doctor could grow weary of Sherlock’s antics. Watson remained appreciative of the fair sex. One day he could wish for a conventional union, for a wife and a family. He would leave Sherlock, and Sherlock would spiral down into self-destruction again. This time it would be much worse, for Sherlock’s attachment to Watson was no youthful infatuation.
Mycroft Holmes agreed to receive me in the Stranger’s Room of the Diogenes Club.
“Stay a bit longer. Please,” he said in a gentle, cajoling tone as he put his hand over mine.
“You always have that dazed expression when you lose.” Holmes waved his hand nonchalantly. “And judging by the lack of nagging about the mess in the room, you’ve lost a considerable sum.”
Almost gritting my teeth at his patronising tone, I handed him the manuscript of
In the beginning of July I moved out from Baker Street to a place I found in Kensington. Mrs. Hudson accepted my decision with kind understanding, even though it visibly saddened her.
John grunted, his chest heaving heavily as he was adjusting to my length. He was a feast for the eyes, in his scarlet tunic, mounted on me with his prick at full stand. I knew I was on the brink and wouldn’t last. John let out a luxurious groan when I was completely sheathed in him. For a few moments he visibly relished it and then started to move. It was glorious. My gorgeous officer rode me, his rigid cock bouncing up and down, his hips undulating in a smooth, graceful rhythm of a cavalryman. It was more than I could bear.
“You already have done, so much,” he said quietly, reaching for my hand and pressing it.
I nodded, pressing Lestrade’s hand in silent gratitude.
, with great respect to the man’s loyalty. Watson offers to take a note to the school about their sad discovery, and to that Holmes replies:
Anyway, I could not stand it any longer. I had to do something, to prevent him from injecting himself with the wretched narcotic at least once. There was nothing worse than being a powerless observer of his imminent ruin.
—When the carriage arrived, I was ready, at least outwardly. The moment Mrs. Hudson and I walked out, we were accosted by a swarm of reporters. Some hailed cabs and followed the carriage to the small chapel where the service was to take place. Mycroft Holmes must have foreseen such a development: at the chapel’s gate plainclothes policemen barred the vultures from entering the consecrated ground.
I was compelled to summon every ounce of command I possessed to subdue the bedlam.
“Attracted to him? I don’t think so. I admired him as my comrade and a man of honour but not in any other sense.”
“What? Which men exactly? Is there something I don’t know?” he demanded.
“I am sure you have another, Doctor, and we’ve just yet to discover it.”
—This journal has been neglected of late. Ten weeks passed in an intense chase across Europe to untangle the schemes of Baron Maupertuis and to close down the infamous Netherland-Sumatra Company. Exposing numerous frauds and catching the Baron’s accomplices red-handed, Holmes worked with little regard for his health: fifteen hours a day and almost without breaks. It was quite a feat to cajole him into taking his rest occasionally when he was upon the Baron’s trail. At least I was able to take some of the load off his shoulders. However, at the critical moment, I had to leave his side. I was loath to do it, yet I was bound by a previous obligation. My patient, Mrs. Pamela Saunders, had a removal of a benign tumour scheduled. She was in the care of Dr. Davis, a finest surgeon, but had made me promise that I would be present.
I shoved Swinsby off with a great relief.
Afghanistan had indeed made me a light and fretful sleeper. That night I woke up seemingly for no reason, but something had brought my instincts alert. They’d saved me on many occasions while I served, and even though in civilian life they often proved to be a case of shattered nerves, I never dare ignore them. I lay in the dark, listening to the ringing silence of the house, and then I heard it—a low, monotonous sound which repeated at irregular intervals. My mind obligingly supplied memories of the unspeakable terror I had encountered in the Afghan caves. For a moment all I wished was to flee blindly without turning back. It took me an enormous effort to suppress that urge and rise from the couch. I was in London, not in the Middle East anymore, I told myself. The curse of that godforsaken land had no power here.
Billy brought in a beautiful doll and a lovely set of toy soldiers. Mrs. Langley nearly cried. We had tea with the dear old lady and then Billy accompanied her home with the presents.
On Christmas Day we slept until afternoon, for the following night would be a long one. Judging by delicious smells from downstairs which woke us up, Mrs. Hudson had returned and was preparing a festive dinner for the Irregulars. We had gifts for them too: good winter clothes to keep them warm and ensure that none caught cold. When the clamorous squad arrived, they reported to Holmes excitedly the results of their mission. They had located every member of Saville’s anarchist group and informed Lestrade, as per Holmes’s directions. It pleased Holmes very much, and the dinner we had all together was delightful.
I drove to Paddington, and when I alighted at Jackson’s doorstep, a wave of memories swept over me. Sherlock had been keenly interested in my short list of prospective practices. He had learned everything about each and accompanied me here. His approval rang in my ears, “...you got hold of a better practice than your neighbour, my boy. The steps of yours are worn three inches deeper than his.” His contented smile was bright before my eyes.
It is worth mentioning that in actuality Holmes’s trickery wasn’t as successful with me as he had wished and that I saw through his malingering quite soon. But I shall start from the very beginning.
John put a cigarette between his lips and rummaged in his pockets nervously.
“I have a message for you from Rache,” the boy said in a low voice. “The Bar of Gold, Upper Swandam Lane.”
“What would you do?” Sherlock asked in a matter-of-fact tone, as if not particularly interested.
“No.”
He bowed theatrically and kissed her hand.
It has been almost a month since Sherlock’s return, and we are still giddy with the joy of our reunion, not wishing to let each other out of sight for more than a few minutes. We cannot get enough of conversing as well as of sharing silence together. There is much to discuss after those three long years, but speaking is not always easy. Sherlock wants to know everything, even the harshest truth about my experiences during that period, and indeed he had told me in great detail about his own. Never before had he been so candid with me, and my heart bleeds for him—he spent those years in constant danger, battling the gruesome criminal syndicate almost single-handedly, plagued by severe bouts of black depression. Sherlock confessed that he had frequently used narcotics to keep going, but he promised from now on to give up that vice once and for all.
Twilight descended outside, and gas lamps were being lit one by one, spreading their yellow glow, when my patient finally stirred and groaned. The stranger’s eyes flew open, and he took in the room with a blurry gaze. In a few moments he seemed to realise that he wasn’t dreaming; his grey eyes regained their focus, their expression becoming sharp and alarmed. With a jerk, he tried to sit up and cried out in pain.
. Here’s another example of Holmes being infuriated by men mistreating women. When he learns of Gibson’s advances towards Miss Dunbar, the governess, he is outright disgusted and says so in Gibson’s face:
Having wrapped ourselves into sheets, we went back to the cooling-room. Supper was already served on the small table by the sofa. The smell emanating from under the dish covers was exquisite. My Watson rubbed his hands eagerly. He was happy, and nothing could please me more.
“Had you known what kind of a carriage hit me, would you have turned me away?”
“Where on earth did you get those rags?” I asked.
Sherlock’s eyes grew soft, and he caressed my cheek, smiling. After his return, for two months we had been at it like bunny-rabbits, making up for all those years of separation. By now our appetites had become more or less normal, but physical intimacy remained for us a great emotional consolation.
At last, our patience was rewarded. The criminal was so assured of himself that he entered the store through the front door, apparently having procured duplicates of the keys. He was carrying a dark lantern, and its subdued light illuminated a refined face with regular, strong-willed features. One would never take that man for a cold-blooded murderer, so deceitful his appearance was.
It’s a fun thing that Watson of the canon is less snarky than the Granada Watson. He’s so in love with his Holmes it hurts:
“You scream in your sleep. I could hear you upstairs,” Holmes said. “You have a military precision about you, and your limp is distinctive: the touch of an Old One. Your suntan hasn’t completely faded yet which means that you returned only a few months ago. And where was the most recent war? In Afghanistan.”
“Shall we?” he asked impassively, as if we danced together every day.
“We are perfectly happy here, thank you very much,” I replied.
And so Watson goes. When later they meet up in France, Holmes supposedly scolds Watson for discovering nothing and declares that he did better in the meantime. But did he really? In fact, it was Watson who sorted out things, having investigated Lady Frances’s movements and reporting them to Holmes. Watson talked to the Lady’s former maid and her lover, Watson found out about the involvement of Peters/Shlessinger in the case, Watson even described to Holmes very well how Green looked.
The ride to the Colonel’s house was pleasant. We rattled along narrow lanes which wound their way amongst endless fields and pastures. The air was rich with the scent of new greenery, and the cheerful April sun brightened one’s spirits. Nature was waking up from her winter slumbers, having regained her strength for a new beginning. Lively rural vistas inspired relaxed contemplations, a meditative state unmarred by sorrows, anxieties, and stress of the city. Holmes seemed to be enjoying himself, although he wouldn’t have admitted it. He slipped his arm through mine with a contented sigh.
“When I was younger, its hustle and bustle stimulated me. Lately I find it too overwhelming at times. Our country outings, though, are always soothing for my senses. Fits of the black mood… tend to be less severe in the countryside.”
“He’s not,” Lestrade hissed. “He did start the mechanism.”
I scooped a generous amount of vaseline with my finger and smeared his entrance, playing with the rim and inserting my fingertip just a little, to incite his appetite. He let out an impatient sound, both needy and demanding. Chuckling, I coated the nozzle of the syringe thoroughly with vaseline, and then pushed it carefully past the tight rim of his anus. Holmes gasped, sensitive as ever. I pressed the piston little by little, filling him up with water. Holmes’s breath became deep and slow, but there wasn’t any tension in him; he was relaxed and pliant. Having finished, I put away the syringe, and wrapped my slick fingers around Holmes’s stiff prick. He moaned, his entrance clenched, as I stroked him, fondling his bollocks with the other hand. My own prick hung heavy between my legs. It was sweet torture for us both.
.” I mean, really, woman? Even if you didn’t know the circumstances connected to the paper, it was a no-brainer to surmise that the impact it could make was far more terrible than your love letter.
Nevertheless, I kept an eye on him. Surprisingly, little by little he gained a reputation as a capable professional. I realised that not all was lost yet: he could make his way in the world and with due handling could be useful to our country and, consequently, to my own career. Solving cases which I directed to him proved to be beneficial for both of us.
“So I would have, most likely, if I hadn’t met you,” I replied, shrugging my shoulders.
“Don’t take it to heart, my dear fellow. It was not the first time Mycroft and I had a squabble. He has to be reminded occasionally that I am not his property.”
Mrs. Hudson was angered and appalled too upon our arrival. She served a light meal which I coaxed Holmes to consume as soon as he regained his senses. For the next four days we nursed Holmes back to health in spite of his annoyed protests. Even though the Norwood case proved successful in the end, it frayed his nerves, and I was concerned that he would fall into a black mood. At my request, the whole household trod lightly around him.
“Ah, yes. Mine was ruined due to an unfortunate accident, and the other one I possess is being cleaned at the moment.”
Alright, some say that Holmes wasn’t quite the same man after Reichenbach, and again, maybe from the Hiatus to the Return ACD changed his views on Holmes, but what about this?
I could hear his steps going to the bathroom. He spent more time there than usual—either he gratified himself or… If it was the second option then his need was pressing indeed. He left the bathroom in half an hour, as he would on occasions he prepared himself for an anal intercourse. John hadn’t been with men before me, and for him being penetrated was an especially intimate experience when he relinquished control and allowed himself to unwind. He needed me but he wouldn’t distract me from my contemplations. My Watson.
The race was an unfair one, for the black carriage had two horses, and it was always quicker, catching up with us at every turn. With the break of dawn morning traffic started to fill the streets and get in the way. I thought it was sheer madness when Holmes took a collision course with a water cart at the crossroads near St. George-in-the-East, but it proved to be a neat calculation. He laughed out loud as the water cart blocked the passage for our pursuer. That bought us some time, and we rushed on, past a herd of cattle which was being led to the butcher’s.
We got out by the decrepit rusty gate and made our way across the garden through the lush grass. Inside, the house was full of natural light, its rooms tidy if sparsely furnished. The hall led into a spacious parlour and a library to the left with a dining-room and a kitchen to the right. I left the basket of food there and followed Holmes up the stairs.
We lay in a post-coital haze for quite a while, all messy, our limbs entangled. At last, as loath as we were to budge, we had to. I pulled out and flopped down gracelessly beside him. Sherlock wiped us both with an edge of the sheet—I conceded to that since we were too lazy to get up—then he stretched out his long arm and rummaged in the drawer of the bedside table. Having found what he was looking for, he put a cigarette between his lips and lit it. After a few draws he passed the cigarette to me, and we savoured it by turns, puffing out rings of smoke. Momentarily exhausted but not inclined to sleep at all, we exchanged mischievous smiles. Tomorrow we would have to behave again, but for now the rest of the night was ours.
“I insist.”
Three years ago, having rid Britain of Moriarty’s gang, I hadn’t even imagined the true scale of the worldwide net created by the Professor. It horrified and fascinated me in equal measure, its tentacles spreading through Paris, Rome, Vienna, Istanbul, as far as Calcutta in the east and New York in the west. I would need a coordinated plan to topple that colossus. Each of the hydra’s heads had to be burned off so that they wouldn’t grow again.
“It’s a standard procedure.”
“No, put it here, on my desk, please. You may go.”
We paid and were ushered past the main staircase and a crowded lounge to a secluded wing with private suites. Fortunately, the one which we always engaged wasn’t occupied. A rich scent of sandalwood, cypress, and musk permeated the air of the cosy, semi-dark cooling-room where we had reposed on many occasions, wearied by an eventful day or when we desired a distraction from commonplaces of existence. Having removed our boots by the door, we stepped onto the thick carpet which was a joy to our tired feet. Watson closed his eyes for a moment, relishing the sensation of softness. We took off our hats and coats, hung them on the rack, and put our valuables, including Watson’s pistol, into the safe beside it. Watson dropped onto the opulent Eastern divan and stretched his legs with a sigh.
As soon as the idea had crossed my mind, I felt someone’s presence behind me and turned around. Moriarty stood on the path, barring my way of retreat.
Surely, he was delirious. I ignored his protests, of course, and was at his side in an instant. He tried to squirm away from me, but I overpowered him. Using force in such circumstances was more than justified, so I had no qualms about examining him against his will. That led to strangest results.
Stamford nodded and smiled, his shrewd brown eyes growing sad for an instant. Behind his cockiness he was still very young, hardly more than a lad.
“Your condition is rather drastic,” John remarked as he gazed at me from head to foot, his eyes lingering on my crotch.
Holmes can safely rely on Watson in any endeavour, even if it’s technically against the law, like detaining a person against their will. Watson’s streak for action shows when Holmes tries to make Milverton show his note-book, and it turns out that Milverton is armed:
Wiggins assured me he wouldn’t tell a soul and didn’t object to being driven to the station blindfolded. Alone in the room again, I sank down onto the chair. What exactly had transpired between Mycroft and John if John had reacted in that fashion? Or what if Mycroft had disregarded my request? I needed to
Mycroft took the papers from my trembling hand, threw them into the fire, and made sure they burned completely. Then, with a curt inclination of his head, he rose and sauntered off to the adjacent room. Seconds later, from that room emerged a dashing young man who was the picture of robust health.
He was dressed as a scruffy street photographer. Actually, his attire hadn’t changed much: his worn dusty trousers mismatching with my tweed jacket and his crumpled shirt were now complemented with a gaudy cravat and tinted glasses.
That story began on the 20th of December, 1894, when I was dressing for a meeting with my army comrades. On a whim I dug out from the chest my old uniform and tried it on, wishing to check whether it fitted. Surprisingly, it did, although on the previous occasion, five years earlier, I considered myself to be somewhat stout for it.
Holmes tries to reason with him that this is the only way, and given the circumstances, it is justified. It’s clear that both Holmes and Watson are of alike mind regarding the law—that it is to be followed, but it’s not always fair, and can be broken at dire circumstances. Indeed, Holmes is lucky to have such a companion who shared his views.
“Oh no-no, Dr. Watson. Your modesty will do no good on this occasion. You are to be an equal co-owner.”
A two-mile ride back to our secluded house was especially beneficial in helping to settle our dinner. Spurred on by a spirit of competition, we raced like boys up and down the grassy hills, bantering and teasing each other. It left us quite winded, so upon our return we dropped onto the bench in the wild garden to recover our breath. It was heartwarming to think that soon we would finally have our countryside sanctum, as we had so long desired. The prospect of extensive renovation works wasn’t discouraging in the least. That could be done gradually, and we would be able to mold everything to our tastes. The house provided for far more possibilities than our Baker Street flat ever could.
“Thank you, Doctor,” Mycroft said dryly after I had finished. “The memorial service shall take place tomorrow at ten o’clock. I have arranged for a four-wheeler to be sent for you.”
Having retired to the guest room, I thought of her and Lestrade, of their support given in spite of their own grief. Unlike ten years ago, I wasn’t completely alone after all.
” (SIGN), “
Reading page after page of John’s recollections, I could see that he had concealed nothing. He was brutally honest, just as I wanted him to be. Paper was the medium which had helped him to express the pain I had inflicted on him, and I hoped that this way it wouldn’t fester in his soul. I needed to know what he had endured at my hands.
“When did you have your last dose?” John asked, having instantly recognised the symptoms.
“And for now, allow me.”
“I shall.”
“Since you know where I am, shall we settle the matters between us once and for all?” said I.
“Permission to proceed with the task?” he asked.
“No, not all of them. My practice will remain busy enough. Don’t worry.”
When we wished to be completely at leisure, one of Holmes’s small refuges for his undercover work served the purpose. We called it affectionately our fuck-nook. It was safe, but we had to be careful lest we should be recognised and followed. The cab took us to the southern outskirts of London, where endless rows of dull brick buildings stretched far into the bleak countryside. We alighted on a shabby backstreet and walked the rest of the way until we reached the familiar place which from the outside looked like an abandoned workhouse.
“Were you that desperate?”
However, were Holmes and Watson apart this time? Having disappeared in America for two years, how could Holmes know that Watson would be available at a given moment to help him? Would Holmes wish to endanger Watson if Watson had nothing to do with intelligence? Would Holmes even bear to be apart from Watson for that long again?
We retreated to the washing-room where we filled a large brass basin with warm water and lathered up fragrant beldi soap. Having settled down on a wooden bench, we scrubbed each other thoroughly until we were covered in the creamy foam from head to foot. I cleansed my entrance which required little preparation due to the vigorous intimacy we had had recently. Vaseline was on the shelf next to essential oils and clean towels—in this establishment everything was well thought of.
Billy stopped abruptly and flung up his arms, his face livid. Mrs. Hudson tossed off the newspaper she had been reading and sank into the chair beside the table. Jenny stuck the mop so violently into the bucket that some water splashed over the brim.
And then he proceeds with THIS:
The main bedroom did not disappoint our expectations in its grandeur, dominated by a massive four-poster bed. That night, our little adventure affected John in a most agreeable way: he had me so vigorously that I clutched the velveteen sheets and moaned his name at the top of my voice, unafraid to be overheard.
Her masterful tone brooked no argument. I didn’t dare to object.
We wired our assent, and a carriage arrived for us that same evening, so we had to pack swiftly. John’s eyes sparkled with excitement as we rattled out of town at breakneck speed, heading south in the thickening twilight through Brixton, West Norwood, and Croydon. From there the carriage turned sharply east and proceeded for many miles until turning south again. We peered through the windows, but it was difficult to make out any clear landmarks amidst the farms and fields shrouded in the darkness. I reckoned we had crossed the western border of Kent, and John confirmed my conjectures.
He listened carefully as I described how Rance and Stamford had brought him to my surgery and that had it not been for Stamford’s assistance, he wouldn’t be there now.
We walked several blocks along shabby backstreets which Holmes clearly knew like the back of his hand. The exertion was difficult for him, and he leaned on me several times when he was short of breath. He stopped in front of one of the drab stables, rapped on the gate quietly, and uttered a single gravelly word, “Rache.”
My Paddington practice was purchased by Anstruther who along with Jackson had often helped me out and now sought to expand. The practice I bought in Kensington was quite busy, and I was glad of it: with numerous patients to attend to there was no time to brood. As for my literary aspirations, writing new stories filled the solitary evenings I had so dreaded.
The urge to touch myself, watching him, grew stronger and stronger. My prick begged for attention, but I was completely still, mesmerised by the sight of my beautiful soldier undressing.
Her remonstrance had a sobering effect, to some extent. Our dear landlady had tolerated and forgiven much over ten years. Nevertheless, there is a limit to everything. Even with her heart of gold she would have to evict me if I didn’t stop. Therefore, leaving would be for the best.
We approached a beautiful if somewhat unkempt oak alley which led to a gabled Elizabethan house of worn, weather-beaten granite. The house was in the process of renovation—its left wing looked considerably fresher than the right one—and promised to be a splendid sight once the works were completed.
John sighed, his fingers trailing caresses along my spine.
He gestured across the path, at a vantage point where Colonel Moran stood with his rifle at the ready. Indeed, there would be no time to draw the pistol from my pocket or the knife from my boot.
“Damn you, Mycroft! Drink will ruin him! It runs in his family!”
“I am sorry for having distressed you all,” I continued more gently. “Especially you, my dear Mrs. Hudson. I promised once that I would never trick you again, and I failed to keep my word. For that I apologise from the bottom of my heart.”
“Very well, what was the name of the undertaker?”
Confused, he lifted the blanket up a tad to peek under it. "Sherlock?" The man didn't wake, only shuffled further against John's chest. John's throat was suddenly dry as sand, and he poked Sherlock's shoulder, hissing softly at the achiness in his arms. Sherlock's silver-blue eyes peered up at him, a sleepy smile on his face. "Oh good, you're awake." Feeling increasingly awkward, John cleared his throat. "How do you feel?" John suppressed a shiver, completely unrelated to cold, at the voice, deep and rough with sleep. "S-Sore. Why, uh, why are you in bed with me?" Sherlock's deadly smirk made John's heart skip a beat. "Body heat. You should know, you're a doctor, after all." John chuckled nervously, breath hitching when Sherlock buried his face in his neck.
"A freezer. Yes, we already checked all the butchers and restaurants!"
"So, uh, you-"
"So look for private residences with exceptionally high electricity usage. Freezers like that take a lot of power." Sherlock shook his head irritably. "No judge would allow it. And certainly not fast enough," Mycroft nodded grimly. "I could check with my resources.." Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Mummy misses you, you know. She'd be very delighted if you came over for supper." He threw his hands in exasperation. "Yes, yes, okay?
That used to annoy the shit out of him, but now John wanted nothing more than to be annoyed by that infuriating man.
him? He's not a phone, you can't just
6. He wanted to tell Sherlock how he felt, even if he didn't reciprocate. John just wanted him to
That was it. He had his whole life to come up with things he wanted to do, and that was it. And do you wanna know how many of them he did?
The chains around his wrists rattled on as he shivered and shook, no longer able to feel his fingertips. John didn't know how long he'd last. He knew he was hypothermic, but he had no way of knowing what the temperature was, all he knew was that he was
The familiar voice soaked comfortingly into his bones, a disoriented smile creeping onto his face. "'rlock?" John's voice wasn't above a whisper, eyes half-lidded. But he felt it when a wave of warmth hit his face, the dim light now bright and revealing the most welcome sight in the world, something he wouldn't and couldn't take for granted ever again.
Not a single one. And now, he realized, as he hung from the ceiling of an industrial freezer like a piece of meat, in nothing but pants, the air getting increasingly colder around him, he had a new list.
"I'm sorry, Sherlock. Truly, I am, but Jeffrey Hayes is gone. You had to have known Dr. Watson wouldn't be with him anyway. Spend less time trying to find the killer, Sherlock, and instead on the person being killed."
His legs, screaming from overuse, pleaded for rest, but Sherlock refused to even blink until John was back where he belonged.
My worst fear became reality when I entered the dimly lit room. He was as white as the sheets of his rumpled bed. All of the symptoms of the influenza were present. Just as in the most severe cases among my recent patients, he was shivering, his breath laboured and wheezy. His hair was sticky with sweat, and hectic spots were bright upon his sunken cheeks. His eyes were enormous in his gaunt, bony face and held a feverish glint. Patients who looked that way didn’t last long.
(1904): no sooner than Poirot says,
How could I have ever doubted him? How could I have ever known the separation would affect him so? Perhaps I had made a grievous mistake by denying him the right to fight our enemies together.
I rented a small house in Queen Anne Street and furnished my consulting-room, making it as presentable as I could afford. With the additional expense of hiring a maid-of-all-work, my meals were frugal and my cupboard-like bedroom upstairs contained only an old creaky bed and a rickety washstand. I didn’t favour sleeping anyway, for every night I returned either to the caves or to the battlefield or both.
“The third message was addressed to you, though.”
Three precious days had been lost. I shouldn’t have left in the first place or I wouldn’t have missed the onset of Holmes’s symptoms. Over the recent weeks I had witnessed far too often how quickly people succumbed if treatment was delayed and even when it was duly provided. But Sherlock had an iron constitution. He was strong. He would fight.
“Indeed,” I said, and Holmes gave me an amused glance.
ACD’s stories do have strong female characters like Irene Adler or Violet Hunter, but very often a woman in the plot is a femme fatale or a damsel in distress. In
Despite the instinctive fear each citizen had for the authorities, something in me rebelled. Call it my will or my foolishness, but something in me refused to be intimidated in my own surgery.
As I was turning in front of the mirror, the door opened and Holmes entered the bedroom. He stopped in his tracks, giving me a long, appreciating gaze. Then he walked up to me and embraced me from behind.
“You did nothing of the sort,” Stamford retorted, assisting me in a surprisingly proficient manner. “You failed to catch me. Besides, the doctor needs spare hands to save this poor devil. And I once studied medicine at the University of London.”
At last we descended into a secluded room somewhere in the basement. Even though we had been here a number of times, it was always at night, so I had only a vague idea of the building layout. As soon as we locked the door behind us, Holmes pressed me roughly to the wall. I dropped my valise and clutched him to myself as we kissed; our hats fell off, but we couldn’t care less. I was giddy, intoxicated by my lover’s taste, relishing faint notes of his tobacco. His skillful tongue was doing wonders to mine. In turn, I took his mouth as I would later take his body, and he moaned, enticed by the promise. I could feel his rigid member through layers and layers of garments between us. The garments had to be discarded, but for that we needed to warm up the room.
The other. My blood ran cold in my veins. It could only be about John. Somehow my instincts told me that it was not Mycroft’s rooms in Pall Mall or a patient’s house. I hailed a cab and rushed to Paddington. Driving up to John’s surgery, I was horrified when I saw black smoke billowing out of the broken window, shards of glass strewn on the ground below. On a bleak, foggy day lighting indoors was necessary, which had enabled the gang to use the same plan here. The servants I had selected personally, so the culprit must have been a patient.
We argued for half an hour and nearly had a row, but it was impossible to persuade John. He stood his ground in spite of all my reasoning. Finally we decided to carry on as we had planned before and explore Switzerland. It struck me that over the years together we had never had such an extended holiday, enjoying unlimited time in each other’s company and a foreign country. We admired the sights, savoured local delicacies, rested, and made love. Everything was perfect except for the constant fear I had for John. Signs of Moriarty’s presence were reported just a step behind wherever we went.
“Not really, no, sir. At the memorial service ‘e was terrifyin’ to look upon, so pale I thought ‘e was ‘bout to faint. Then I’ve been to Mrs. ‘udson’s. She said ‘e was drinkin’ loike a fish, shut in upstairs. Quit makin’ ‘is rounds—‘is colleague takes care of ‘is patients. The boys ‘eard that ‘e thrashed a reporter who followed ‘im, and Inspector Lestrade hushed it up.”
“The data is insufficient,” Holmes said, locking our bedroom door with a mischievous grin.
Originally posted on Aug 20th, 2018
A coda from Watson’s POV.
And just a quick note on the margin: for a seasoned spy Von Bork is rather too talkative. Eagerly describing how his safe works and even telling Altamont the password? Really?
Holmes stared at me as if doused with a bucket of cold water. Truth to be told, I was somewhat shocked myself. Perhaps weariness and nerves had contributed to my ire. Worried by the yells, Mrs. Hudson came trotting from her parlour.
In the morning we ate the leftovers from our supper, and Sherlock proposed that we go to the beach. The weather was as wonderful as it had been on the previous day, and we strolled leisurely along the thyme-scented downs, basking in the summer sun. The sea air itself seemed more substantial and richer than the thin aether of the city. Just breathing freely was a true pleasure. Sometimes we would observe a few bees whiz past us in the grass, and Sherlock would regale me with amusing facts about them. Apiculture had piqued his curiosity some months before, so he had been reading voraciously on the subject ever since.
“Everything you’re thinking right now is not true, Sherlock. You had to act, and time was limited. You did all you could for poor Openshaw.”
“I’ve never had anyone,” Holmes said softly.
nekosmuse doubts that the story was written by Holmes at all, due to style similarities with Watson’s writing and the fact that the case is quite simple to demonstrate Holmes’s powers. However, the narrator doesn’t wax poetic here and there, like in LION. On the contrary, the style is quite sharp and precise. He tells story from the beginning, unlike Watson, who tended to start from the middle, as Holmes often pointed out. He sings his praises to Watson throughout the whole text, which would be totally out of character if Watson were the real author (e.g. Watson is hardly mentioned in LION, which is way more similar to Watson’s style).
Later that day, at Hamleys, Holmes played Father Christmas again as an encore, much to all of the children’s delight, including the Irregulars. Every child was presented with a splendid toy, and it was wonderful to see their joyous, glowing faces, untroubled by hardships at least for a while.
“Thank you, Mrs. Langley. Without your help we wouldn’t have been able to do that,” Holmes said cordially. “Please accept this as a token of our gratitude.”
Holmes gave me a bemused look but didn’t offer any objection. I helped him to climb the stairs; the effort took every ounce of strength he had, and he was visibly in pain again before I settled him into bed. I pulled the blinds down and left him to rest.
Watson is essential for him.
In August I received a letter with a New York stamp. It was from Mary. She expressed her condolences and asked how I was, so we corresponded for a while. Thankfully, she didn’t mind our fictional marriage and wrote that no one had made a connection between her and the heroine of the book. Perhaps my obfuscation methods weren’t that ineffective.
“Come, it’s my turn to spoil you.” He pecked me on the tip of my nose and rose from the bed in search of his dressing-gown.
It seems that the Granada adaptation went with a room with two beds scenario, with Holmes sitting on one bed and Watson going to sleep in the other:
“It’s just a broken clock, sir,” Clara said apologetically. “Seems rather harmless. A piece of junk. I’ll throw it away.”
What if Holmes’s aim in writing this story wasn’t showcasing his deduction powers? Watson already did that for him many times before. What if this story was written indeed as a love letter to Watson, because that case would certainly appeal to Watson’s romantic tastes? Suppose for some reason Watson couldn’t accompany Holmes at the time, and years later, in their Sussex retirement, Holmes wrote it to please his Watson?
“He does understand that you and I are exclusive and don’t want any third parties?”
“John, you mentioned that you considered moving to the country too upon your return to England,” said Sherlock.
He would have to go soon, for his own good and for mine. That was a fact. There was no point in getting attached, and yet I spent the night by his bedside again, relishing his company.
In his stories he presents with dramatic flair my ability to tell what’s on his mind. He doesn’t mention, though, that he often reads me as easily. I kissed his shoulder. We had chosen this life for ourselves, sharing dangers being one of the appeals.
, deep and slow,” Sherlock replied while his long, deft fingers were unbuttoning my trousers.
“Don’t move, Saville,” the Inspector said in a calm, measured tone.
We were provided with another carriage to take us home, and before we departed Lestrade came and shook us by the hands.
“Are you good at dancing?” Holmes asked, a mischievous glint rekindling in his eyes.
was written in 1886 and published in 1887). Yet here they are, two pals from England under different names and in a different country. That’s probably what people call kismet.
From the inner pocket of his jacket he took out a small, oblong parcel and handed it to me. I opened it; inside was a case containing an exquisite custom-made pen.
Seriously, it’s as if Holmes says, “In your face, Milverton. There might be some rumours, but you have nothing on us.” Well, “partner” has various definitions, but consider this: in his
“We’ll hide you in the cellar.”
I gazed at him expectantly, confused and a little worried. He was biting his nails, and that habit manifested itself only at the moments of extreme agitation.
At midnight, armed and prepared, we set out to Regent Street on foot. In half an hour, as we were approaching Hamleys, we turned onto Kingly Street and stopped by the servant’s entrance of the house adjacent to the store. Holmes tapped on the door and we were let in at once.
John held his breath when Moran entered the room where we were hiding. We crouched in our corner, watching him assemble an air-gun of peculiar design. As he took aim, John squeezed my hand hard. His temptation to attack was obviously as great as mine, but we needed Moran to make a shot so that the evidence against him in the Adair case would be complete.
“John?” I called softly and tapped.
I sat in my armchair, trying to write, but I couldn’t focus. Holmes had just stalked off to his room with a bottle of cocaine. The news of the demise of Ilse von Hoffmanstal, the beautiful German spy, had tipped him into the black mood. His mood swings were becoming alarming of late, especially after the episode with the Russian ballerina and our subsequent squabble. Perhaps it had been just a squabble for me, but for him… for some reason it had upset him deeply. The sadness in his eyes wouldn’t go away ever since, even when he seemed to be in brighter spirits.
“Must be an expensive place to study.”
Holmes nodded, cold anger flaring up in his eyes.
To spare him the necessity of going to the bathroom afterwards, I pulled out and slipped my prick between his thighs. It didn’t take me long to finish. In a few thrusts my own crisis swept over me like a flash while John was whispering to me encouraging gentle nothings. It was glorious.
Continuing to debunk the myth of Holmes’s indifference and rudeness to other people. Look at this man:
“No, no. No more of that.”
“Tasty?” I echoed, chuckling.
This story is told in third person, but the style is unmistakably Watson’s: the poetic language, a sense of duty and patriotism, and those peculiar descriptions of affection between Holmes and Watson. Why tell it this way then? Because it’s crucial for the build-up of mystery. Had the story been told in Watson’s usual first-person narration, Holmes’s appearance wouldn’t have produced such a dramatic effect.
There’s the same devotion and respect of privacy in Watson and Holmes’s relationship. When Holmes is absorbed in the case, Watson doesn’t disturb him in spite of being curious but waits for Holmes to open up himself. Watson is a very patient man. It’s a rare quality which Holmes undoubtedly valued in his Watson, and it must have been one of the traits which made Watson so dear to him:
That night, I did all I could to fool them. The gang tried to burn down the Baker Street flat, thinking that I was at home, asleep. By morning the incident was in every paper and there was just enough time to depart. True to his word, Mycroft had accompanied John in a carriage provided by the government. It took John several minutes to recognise me in my disguise of an elderly Italian priest. He didn’t turn a hair, and together we put on a nice show of misunderstanding in front of a porter. Moriarty’s henchmen arrived when the train was already moving. And yet, I couldn’t shake the feeling that the Professor himself was probably on his way to the Continent as well. The news of the arson attack on our Baker Street rooms appalled John, but I assured him that Mycroft would deal with the matter and Mrs. Hudson wouldn’t bear any expenses.
“Another silly prank,” I said, mildly annoyed.
“Even though I asked you not to publish new stories for now, do write, John. I treasure your works in spite of my quibbling. Your readers are looking forward to them, and the ripe time will come.”
There was an edge to his voice: this time he would not allow me to go alone. I did not intend to raise any objections, for John deserved to have a part in the last battle. I shared with him the details of my plan, and we drove to Baker Street, taking due precautions, to prepare.
I mean, you would expect some accuracy from a physician writer? XDDD But instead he often used a popular trend as a plot device. You never cease to amaze me, Sir Arthur.
The moment he left, I exhaled heavily. My prick was rock hard again, pulsing between my legs. I was standing behind the settee, so Watson hadn’t seen the bulge in my trousers. As if he needed to. I could bet he was counting seconds, wondering how long my stubbornness would last. It didn’t last even a minute.
By that evening, I already had new documents and was telephoning Mycroft from a safe flat. The news of my demise had reached him an hour before, and he had rarely shown himself as emotional as when he received my call.
10 months before his first
This is the second story written from Holmes’s POV, but unlike BLAN, it doesn’t feel like Holmes at all. While the narrative in BLAN is always strictly to the point of the case (except those 9 times when Holmes mentions Watson, saying how he misses him), LION features a lot of romantic descriptions of nature, florid similes, admiration of a pretty lady… doesn’t it remind you of someone? The very voice of Holmes is off and there are too many inconsistencies:
We had a wonderful, lazy morning admiring the view of the mountains from the hotel veranda. I was waiting for a sign from my opponent, but there seemed to be none. No one approached me and no message was delivered. Therefore, I decided to take the next step by continuing the journey to Rosenlaui, a neighbouring village over the hills. Although a little surprised by the change in plans, John didn’t object. The landlord was especially insistent in suggesting that we visit the Reichenbach Falls on our way there. His fervour caught my attention—he might be assisting Moriarty, wittingly or unwittingly.
John caught my hand, brought it to his lips, and kissed my fingertips one by one.
Eventually Poirot comes to a conclusion that Davenheim and the crook are one and the same person, that Davenheim wore a disguise and hid himself in prison intentionally to frame his business rival. Again, the denouement is not as dramatic as in
As always, with HUGE thanks to
“Yes, John, yes.” I ran my hand over his forehead and caressed his cheek.
I hurried upstairs to get prepared, and five minutes later we were in a cab, rattling to the station. At Holmes’s request, our kind Mrs. Hudson had managed to arrange for us a cold supper on very short notice, so I had a weighty wicker basket in my lap.
“Mr. Holmes’s name is being dragged through the mud, and you don’t care?”
“Yes, sorry about that,” I replied ruefully. “On the bright side, we can go to Surrey. Our host will be most discreet.”
“Firstly, from now on your cheque-book shall be in my keeping. And secondly, you’ll assist me on a case.”
“I can’t say I miss such gatherings,” Holmes said with a shrug. “Yet work might require attending them, and my dancing skills have become rather rusty.”
“Pack your valise for a couple of days in the country and we’ll be off. Our train leaves in twenty minutes,” he ordered and headed to his room.
” (NORW), “
A point beloved by us, readers:
I had given Lestrade all leads to Jelland’s clandestine money-printing workshop, so one chilly night in the beginning of April the police raided it and arrested everyone there, including Jelland himself. When the handcuffs clicked on Jelland’s wrists, his usual poise was gone and his cadaverous, pointed face was contorted in impotent rage.
“I used to be, but those days are over,” I replied, shaking my head.
I cursed Moriarty and his gang and my own stupidity. I pleaded with God for a miracle, that He in His mercy would return Sherlock to me alive and well. But neither prayer, tears, nor curses could undo the past and mend the present. The present was beyond any hope of mending. The only thing for incurable cases such as this would be anaesthesia.
“Let me guess. The case took a grave turn. We are not going to Edinburgh for Christmas, aren’t we?”
I sprang to my feet and headed to Holmes’s room. Propriety be damned, I pushed the door open without knocking. Holmes was standing with his back to me, his left sleeve rolled up and the hateful syringe pressed against his arm. To my relief, the syringe was still full. I had come just in time.
“Agreed. And since the nearest Turkish bath is miles away, we could have a small wooden hut built for the purpose.”
Mycroft bombarded me with upbraiding missives which I ignored. One crisp, frosty morning in New York I dragged myself out for a walk in Central Park. Winter idyll was all around me: courting couples on the promenade, husbands and wives watching their children skate on the frozen pond, and nannies strolling with perambulators. Suddenly it occurred to me how selfish I was being. If John were to meet an attractive lady who could give him the comfort of a family circle and the joy of fatherhood, should I begrudge him a chance at a happy life? What kind of love would deny him that? If, on the contrary, his health had declined from the constant stress, I was duty-bound to hurry. In any eventuality, I had to see for myself what was going on and thus I had to free my hands the sooner the better. That very day I set myself back to work with renewed energy.
“You had me
“Stay here, John,” he said, panting. “I’ll come back for you!”
“Oh, I didn’t mean to offend you, my dear fellow. Of course you wouldn’t have. You tried to hide me from the Special Division, for God’s sake.”
“Then this charity event shall be used as an opportunity to attack an MP and his family, with numerous children as innocent victims? By whom? Anarchists?”
“Why did you stop?” John asked, his voice thick and husky.
“That is appallingly obvious,” Mycroft returned with a raised eyebrow. “Spend another month recuperating, Sherlock, and then there are several problems I should bring you which might benefit from your attention.”
, Doctor,” he said. “It was a rather rash step. Fortunately, it didn’t aggravate the situation, but I’m relieved that this time you had enough sense to consult me first.”
I managed to stop the bleeding and was dressing the wound.
I came to my senses with a start, John’s anxious face looming over me. He stopped shaking me by the shoulder and breathed out with relief. Still disoriented, I sat up, taking in my surroundings. Safe and sound in my room, aren’t I? Unlike Openshaw, who was in the mortuary, with his lungs full of water. I should have protected him. My plan had been utterly stupid: of course they wouldn’t believe his word, deeming him privy to their atrocious secrets. Any attempt to persuade them otherwise had been doomed to begin with.
“It does seem familiar.”
“Do you intend to go anywhere?” I asked archly.
“You’ve got to be more careful with innocuous chats, John,” said he.
John entered, appearing his usual self at a cursory glance, but within a few seconds it was obvious that something was amiss. There was a glint of recent agitation in his eyes; a thin reddish welt on his neck was half-hidden under his collar; he wore a different coat from that he had donned in the morning; he held his valise in his left hand; and bandages on his right wrist were peeking from his sleeve.
My progress slowed down. I spent most of the time in my drab, bug-ridden hotel room sleeping. In my dreams John and I were together again, enjoying our domestic intimacy. I didn’t want to wake up to a reality where I was alone and on the run. The game held no appeal without John by my side. Even in my waking hours I daydreamed, imagining John’s voice, his smile, the way his eyes always lit up when I came home… I remembered his touches, his scent, the gentle brush of his moustache against my upper lip… My mind was losing its clarity.
At first, the meaning of his words didn’t register with me, but when it sank in, I was shaken.
“You may go too, Rance,” I said to the constable as I started my incision. “I’ll let you know if he survives.”
“Oh, Watson, too modest as usual,” Holmes drawled. “You showed what you can do during our impromptu sparring last week. To a certain extent, boxing is not unlike dancing. You have quick reaction, sufficient coordination, and a sense of rhythm. Your endurance might be lacking, but it will be restored with proper training.”
My ruminations didn’t escape Holmes’s perceptive gaze. His brow furrowed as he regarded me, his half-smile fading away. He finished the piece and laid down his violin with a sigh.
Rance sputtered, but couldn’t find any words to argue. He finally just shook his head and left.
The Baker Street flat remained as it had been thanks to Mycroft’s arrangement and Mrs. Hudson’s efforts. She was provided with sufficient income not to let in any other lodgers. I did visit her sometimes, as promised, and was touched by a new development: to avoid feeling lonely she had started to serve hot lunches for the Irregulars. I continued to look after their health too, and they called on me quite frequently in Kensington, sharing the latest rumours. I also continued my voluntary service at Bart’s, tending to the poor once a week.
“My God, it’s you… it’s you!” he cried, and I could hear tremors in his voice.
With a groan under my breath, I went to the window and opened it.
“Well, we can go another time,” I said gently.
Some hours must have passed. It was a sense of terrible nausea that brought me to consciousness. I rose, tore off the collar which was smothering me, and staggered to the water closet. My legs gave out in front of the lavatory. My knees painfully hit the tiled floor. I hadn’t had any food since morning, so what came up was mostly bile. I hadn’t been that sick for over ten years, not since the time before meeting Sherlock, when I had been adrift and alone. Now I was adrift and alone again.
Four hours which we spent crouching in the shrubbery, exposed to the icy drizzle and the biting March wind, left us drenched and chilled to the bone. Eventually our quarry walked directly into our ambush, and we apprehended Jack Brocket, one of the vilest swindlers I have encountered during my career. Lestrade drove off pleased with himself, since he would get all the credit, of course. For me a successfully concluded case is a reward in itself, and Watson never complains of inconveniences association with me causes him. As always, his help proved invaluable. I was aware yet again how fortunate I was to have him by my side. But it was easy to observe that exhaustion was taking its toll on my Watson: he was pressing his stiff left arm to his body unconsciously, and his tread was uneven, although he was trying his best to keep it steady. Before accompanying me, he had worked a full day in his surgery, and thus his energy was quite depleted.
“What’s the point in coming to you? He could pay the blackmailer.”
. This thought tickled me immensely when it occurred to me.
“What do you think? The price is fair.”
“Keeping bees too,” he mumbled into my neck. “Someday I should like to put my theoretical knowledge into practice.”
And then the situation went downhill. Much to my dismay, it turned out that the doctor loved Sherlock back. They became involved. Now they were in constant danger of being discovered and disgraced. The indiscretions they allowed themselves were appalling—they could gaze at each other as the love-besotted fools they were, transparent to anyone more or less observant. I watched them from my brougham on several occasions when they were out on the street, having a walk or investigating. Sherlock was annoyed by my supervision, yet thanked me for my advice to be more careful. Naturally, I ensured that their household would not betray them. Their landlady and servants were trustworthy folks.
“So for now all there is to do is wait?”
“Oh, very well,” Watson grumbled. The tactic I employed was quite transparent to him, and yet he gave in to my praises. “Not sure that my old uniform will fit as I’ve gained a few pounds, but I can try it on.”
“Holmes?” he cried, eyes wide.
In this story we learn that Holmes came out of retirement to do some work for intelligence. Actually, I think that’s what he had been doing since his moving to Sussex in 1903. Because for a man like him to retire at 49? Considering that his mind “
“I don’t mean to,” Saville answered. “The clock is ticking. In five minutes we all shall be blown to pieces.”
“You should have received a package from Grenoble recently.”
“I plan to go to the Continent. The news will certainly reach them, but they won’t reach me.”
I took the whistle from John’s pocket. The police forces answered our summons at once, led by Lestrade. The inspector reassured himself of my belonging to the realm of the living much in the same way Billy had. Once I had had the last word with Colonel, who was seething with cold fury, I expected that I would feel triumphant. But I found no emotion stirring in my soul, none whatsoever. There was nothing but weariness. I just wished them all to go away and leave John and me in peace.
The meeting with my army friends in a pub was merry. It was good to know that everybody present was in good health and content with their occupations, most of them married and raising children. They were rather amused by my showing up in the uniform. It prompted vivid reminiscences which complemented each other and just had to be written down. I took notes, contemplating a collection of stories about those rough-and-tumble days, but then the conversation drifted to Holmes’s return. Answering numerous questions as truthfully as possible without giving away too much, I was warmed by the thought that he was waiting for me at home.
4) Also, tried to solve another riddle of the Canon as to why both Moriarty brothers were called James: Colonel James Moriarty (FINA), Professor James Moriarty (EMPT).
And finally, to Holmes’s uncharacteristic mercantilism. He ostentatiously reminds the Duke of the promised reward. I think it’s his way of showing the Duke how repulsed he is with the Duke’s conduct. Holmes is
” when “
“Not yet. Observe and analyse. That’s what we are here for. There will be plenty of time to think.”
(1910). Unlike Holmes, whose health problems are due to neglecting his own well-being while working, Poirot is fatigued by numerous cases, many of which he took because of money only, having no particular interest in them.
(1892), about two clerks, Jelland and McEvoy, who gambled away their means and then the money of their company. Jelland is the leader and McEvoy (whose name is Willy, btw) was “
Having finished with my ablutions, I took out the toy from the pocket of my dressing-gown, too impatient to go upstairs again. I slathered my entrance with vaseline, imagining John’s fingers. They teased my rim and pressed gently inside, first one, then another, stretching me and rubbing my prostate. My prick was at full stand, and I bit my lip to suppress a moan. I slickened the toy generously. In my imagination my dashing soldier unbuttoned his trousers and freed his gorgeous cock, already stiff and leaking for me. Its blunt tip carefully pushed in. My pliant entrance welcomed the full girth—
“Thank you, thank you.”
“Sherlock,” John said weakly, coming to his senses.
“What news from Mycroft?” John asked when I returned to our suite.
The brat. This is what you get if you leave him to his own devices.
“Good God,” I gasped.
With so much gratitude to
At times I wonder why he is prone to such outbursts of jealousy. Surely he trusts me, and I’ve given him no reason to doubt my love and fidelity. I never hide anything from him regarding the matter. Could this be his own insecurities in his heart of hearts?
“The blackguard,” Billy hissed.
I think that there’s a similar instance of wishing to protect the loved one at all costs in ‘The Final Problem’. At least this is how I read it: Holmes faked his death to save Watson from Moriarty’s organisation. I agree with Ritchieverse take
Alas, the curiosity of the public did not subside. We were pursued by reporters when we visited St. James’s Hall, Simpson’s, and even the Turkish bath in Northumberland Avenue. People shouted, requesting new stories and demanding that we sign their copies of
Sherlock’s brain is slow to gain momentum. It feels sleep-riddled and groggy, wrong somehow, as though Sherlock can’t quite remember how to use it. It should terrify him, but even the terror only seems to register as a vague blur, obscured behind miles and miles of cotton wool. Still he tries to push through, tries to focus on that voice, tries to register the sounds, tries to turn them into words. One word.
Sherlock searches for his lips, his tongue, his throat, his larynx, his vocal cords. It takes approximately ten seconds from he’s asked to say something until he finally manages to procure a weak gasp as a response. Not exactly a Shakespearean soliloquy, but it’s the best he can manage at the moment. His thoughts are muddled and his body feels heavy and unnatural.
It’s Sherlock’s eyes that give John pause.
happiness that is the trademark of his existence outside of John infinitely more difficult to bear.
. Why don’t you just think instead?” Jim resumes kissing him.
Sherlock purses his lips. He looks exactly like a kindergartener, soft little petulant pout and all. He seems to be listening properly now at least, though his eyes give nothing away of the thought processes happening behind them.
It takes him a moment to estimate and another moment to fight the impulse to lie.
Just one more to go, guys!
“You were busy…”
More than anything, Sherlock longs for the person he becomes in Jim’s presence. The detective who solves the crimes that nobody else can solve. The calculating machine that baffles others with acute observations that nobody else can make. The master manipulator who gets others to reveal information they would never have given to a less intelligent questioner. The calculating observer who reads others with more ease than ordinary people read a book yet gives nothing away himself. The child prodigy who noticed a murder that an entire nation overlooked at age thirteen. The intellect with an exceptional mind unburdened by tedious emotions. The era-defining genius. The brain without a heart.
“Was that it then?” he asks. “Were you there all this time… alone?”
The hours pass or maybe they don’t. Sherlock can’t tell anymore, not when every minute seems to drag on for an eternity. He waits. He doesn’t know what he’s waiting for. No one is going to come for him, are they? No one is going to open the door and let him out. Things are never that easy. And yet still he waits. There’s precious little to do but that.
Perhaps it should give him pause. It’s now the second time John has prayed for a miracle to any god willing to listen and had the desired result. His own life in the first instance, Sherlock’s life in the second. And that in spite of John’s severe lack of piety in everyday life. Doesn’t that make him some sort of a cheat, accepting gifts in dire situations without coming to any revelations or amending his ways?
His mind isn’t what it used to be. Before he met John, Sherlock’s mind was like an impenetrable fortress filled with useful information and very little else. A first rate archive behind several layers of protection. Whatever emotions, impulses and disturbing memories were there were locked away deep within, ready to be accessed at a moment’s notice should he wish to do so but effectively stored away and unable to impede his everyday life. But John, it seems, has been chipping away at those defences bit by bit through the years. Slowly exposing those pent-up emotions hidden inside and eating away at the very foundations of his mind palace. Yet now, with his defences eroded to the point of an imminent collapse, John seems to have abandoned him. His emotions laid bare, his defensive walls in ruin, his heart exposed… and now he’s like a card house waiting to fall with the next gush of wind. An iceberg about to roll over.
. The response is formulated relatively quickly. But the words never leave his mouth. While his Broca’s area seems to be up to the task of responding, he has no idea where to even begin to look for his vocal chords. He briefly stops to ponder how exactly he can be naming separate areas of his brain and yet not be able to make himself say as simple a phrase as
John has always felt more than a little self-conscious about the enjoyment he got out of the war. He refrained from mentioning it at any of the countless meetings with his therapist after he was sent home – considered it more than a bit not good and definitely too revealing to share with a complete stranger, professional non-disclosure agreement or not – which probably contributed a great deal to her misdiagnosing him with PTSD when it was really the opposite. Can’t blame her when he wasn’t being quite honest with himself and much less with her. It was only after meeting the Holmeses that John was able to acknowledge it to himself, the powerful rush and sense of purpose and belonging that had kept him hooked in Afghanistan through the very worst months of the war. The war had given him something, something truly special. Something that might not please any therapist, or any sane person for that matter, but which had enabled him to find a degree of peace and resolve previously missing from his life. Yes, it had been stressful. Yes, it had been filled with danger and anxiety and sleepless nights and one too many drunken evenings and a constant soreness due to overexertion and all that. But the adrenaline rush and the excitement and the fun… that had been worth every second.
Perhaps with all this focus on the parts of Sherlock’s body usually unavailable for public perusal (and John
Deep down, John knows why. In a way, he’s always known it. He’s just never wanted to put a name on it, acknowledge it, turn it into a real thing. Make it something that can't just be ignored. On the other hand, it’s not as if he’s doing a very good job of ignoring it as it is, unspoken or not. And as the clock hand moves towards three-fifteen, John can’t help but start to contemplate whether perhaps it isn’t time to own it. Own it rather than continue in this perpetual state of uncertainty, always wanting to speak and yet always leaving everything half-unsaid, to Sherlock and to himself. It hurts just as badly as it is. Why continue to pull and prod at the arrow rather than commit to just yanking the damn thing out of his chest and be done with it?
“I did,” John replies at last, voice half-strangled from emotion.
“You know, I’m quite pleased with you,” he says as soon as he pulls back, which is far too quickly for Sherlock’s liking.
In Denmark, where I live, Christmas is traditionally celebrated on Christmas Eve (the 24th, in the evening), while the 23th is known as "Little Christmas Eve". The 25th is known as "First Christmas Day", but you don't really do anything special, you just stay at home with your family and eat good food. Presents are opened on the evening of the 24th.
When it comes to John, words have never been his strong suit. Well… if he’s honest, it’s not just John. It’s people. Deductions and arguments and put-downs, he can manage, but kindness? Compassion? Understanding?
“I’m not quite sure to be honest.” Were he really honest, he’d say that he isn’t quite sure what he’s looking for. That he forgot approximately ten seconds after being told what he should do and that he’s just been sitting here in his own thoughts for the past quarter of an hour.
The confused tangle of emotions and revelations immediately following Sherlock’s hospitalisation weigh heavily on John’s mind, but he has no energy to process them now. They’ve lined up in a nice little cue, all waiting to be dealt with and all pushing forward with increasing force as John does his best to ignore them. Too much confusion and uncertainty. Too many unspoken feelings. Too many heavy revelations to go through that require John to re-examine his choices and the reasons behind them. He just can’t deal with any of it right now. His brain feels about ready to explode as it is. The last thing John needs is any further considerations and troubles taking up space. But that leaves him with the almost equally insurmountable task of pretending that nothing is out of the ordinary around Mary.
“I’m starving,” he says by way of explanation when Sherlock raises an eyebrow at him. He gestures towards the kitchen. “I shopped for that spring pea risotto you like. I could make that if you want.”
Sherlock saying his name out loud somehow leaves John feeling strangely exposed.
Mycroft enters without knocking. Seventeen steps on the stairs, then…
Sherlock responds with a small smile. He doesn’t say anything more. Just lies with his hand in John’s, their fingers entwined just so, until he falls asleep.
are mutually exclusive. Incompatible at the best of times and downright adversarial most of the time. And John wouldn’t change a thing about that. Despite what he may have thought he needed once, now at last he knows with certainty that what he needs is Sherlock and Rosie and nothing and no one else.
Which he would have been had it not been for Mary. He tries not to think about it now and it’s probably all in his head anyway, but it had felt as though it took her at least twice as long to eat her yogurt as usual this morning. John hadn’t wanted to ask her to hurry or go before she’d finished, though. Had he done so, he knows all too well what she would have said. What she always says in such a situation. When she can come along or it’s conducive to her plans that John is off with Sherlock, there’s naught but smiles and reassurances and acceptance from her side. When John’s relationship with Sherlock threatens to become an inconvenience for her, however, she doesn’t usually hold back with her accusations. Accusations spoken in a cheerful tone, that’s true, but accusations none the less. After John's personal revelations of last night, listening to her jokes concerning the inappropriate attachment and intimacy between him and Sherlock hadn’t felt like something he was up for. Not while he’s still like this, feeling oddly exposed and strung out, his own confessions echoing back and forth in his head with alarming frequency and spurring on his already over-pronounced sense of guilt. Like a freshly exposed nerve constantly making its presence felt.
On the other hand… well, on the other hand, John has a wife and a life at home, just as Sherlock has said, and perhaps they would all just be better off if they left the whole thing alone, kept everything as unspoken as possible and got on with their lives. That is certainly the moral course of action.
Except when he is.
a brain?
John leaves it to Mrs. Hudson and a nurse to explain the situation. He doesn’t have the energy for explanations requiring coherent speech, much less tact and diplomacy, and the last thing he needs is to see just a hint of a smirk or the slightest trace of a raised eyebrow on Mycroft’s face. British Government or not, that would be very unwise of him and John prefers not to test him. John can hear the nurse repeating her explanations and diagnoses in the hallway outside, but he doesn’t listen for Mycroft’s response. He feels a strange indifference to it all: to Mycroft, to the doctors, even to Mrs. Hudson. To everything around him apart from the man in the bed. As though everything not to do with Sherlock is happening so far away from John’s current focus of attention as to render him completely emotionally distant from it. The restless anger and frustration trapped inside of him half an hour ago has been replaced with a numbing lack of energy.
John swallows. What Sherlock is telling him now… John can hardly wrap his mind around the implications. Has it been like this all the time? Has Sherlock been living in a dreamworld all his own every time he’s closed his eyes? Like a perfect simulation? Or more like a hallucination? How can that even be possible?
John has been down to the local Tesco after eggs and milk, planning on making some kind of omelette or perhaps scrambled. As he usually sees neither hide nor hair of Sherlock until breakfast has already been made and the world's only consulting detective stumbles out from his bedroom to claim his spot on the couch, John doesn’t think twice about barging unceremoniously into the bathroom after depositing his bags on the kitchen table, completely unprepared for the sight that greets him.
Which leaves John with just one name on his list: Sherlock.
things. His plan to confront Moriarty on his own comes to mind with all of its devastating consequences replaying in vivid technicolour on John’s inner eye at least once a day. Even now, three years later, with Sherlock firmly seated by his side.
Had John been feeling more himself, he would have registered this as something just a bit not good. Had John been feeling more himself, he would have had to explain it all away, to find some sort of explanation and make his excuses. Then he would have spent the next couple of days feeling conflicted about it anyway. But John isn’t feeling like himself right now. He isn’t fully conscious. The rational side of his mind is just as drugged as the rest of him and too sluggish to insist that he shouldn’t feel the way he feels, that friends don’t consider each other beautiful and that boyfriends should focus on their girlfriends instead of their friends when asked to choose. Now this feeling he’s having simply registers as the only natural response in the face of the current situation before slipping between his fingers and into oblivion. He won’t remember it later.
“Oh, by the way, Sherlock…”
Sherlock curls up in his chair. Moriarty is right. Of course he is. It wouldn’t hurt as bad if it wasn’t all too true.
Sherlock’s voice breaks and he sags against the doorframe, jaw shaking and eyes red-rimmed and wet. John’s hands are on him in an instant, supporting him as he curls up and slides onto the floor, almost in the foetal position. He gasps for air, making small sounds that John would categorise as sobs if they had come from another. When he speaks, his voice sounds impossibly small.
“Cars can be ordered. Private jets commandeered.” Sherlock tries to keep his voice light. Serious admissions and open conversations are not their usual milieu. Emotional phone calls and honest requests not their strongest suit.
John stares in disbelief. “Moriarty?”
“I… am alright, John.” Sherlock looks at him sincerely. “It’s alright. It was under control.”
that he still exists… it’s like taking a deep breath after being submerged almost to the point of drowning. Even while standing there in the restaurant, his stomach feeling as though it had dropped into his shoes and the floor seemingly gone from underneath him, John had felt it. He had felt
. The situation had felt wrong, more wrong than any other situation John has ever found himself in, but his emotional response to that situation had felt just right. However ashamed he had been to find himself leaning against perfect strangers, however much he’d hated himself for lying curled up in bed until three o’clock in the afternoon, however damaging it had been to his self-worth to wake up in the morning and realise that he’d actually gone to the shops the night before to buy yet more booze in his already heavily inebriated state and made a complete fool of himself in public, it had felt right to be grieving the way he did. He’d been virtually friendless apart from the friends he’d met through Sherlock. He’d been between girlfriends and neither of his previous encounters had left him feeling particularly emotionally attached. He’d had little immediate family, certainly not one he’d been close to. Grieving for Sherlock as the most important person in John’s life had been easy, natural and indeed inevitable. It had been unproblematic.
“Mary…” John begins to protest, but she cuts him off before he has the chance.
“You don’t have to.”
“You made the right decision, for both of us, because I couldn’t. I couldn’t make that decision and you saw that and that’s all there is to it. That’s all I have to say.”
. And yet he still managed to convince himself that Sherlock was being genuine in his reassurances, that everything was going to be alright whether John was there or not.
“Yeah,” he finally gets out. “Yeah, quite a long while. I don’t… know how long exactly. Maybe… maybe…”
. And it’s fucking
With Jim, it’s different. Jim lets him be who he wants to be, encouraging Sherlock to become his most honest self. Not just who he was before John, but someone even better, even greater, even smarter and sharper. Jim is offering him all this and the path to it is so simple, so natural and straightforward that Sherlock barely has to think about it. He just has to put one foot in front of the other.
And now he swallows again, literally this time. “You could have trusted me. You could have told me to keep quiet about it and trusted me to do so.” He swallows again, harder. The burning in his eyes gets stronger. “But I guess you didn’t.”
“Delighted not to have me hanging around.”
your choice. So if you want to go with Mary, you can. But I dare you to tell me that it’s what you want before you go!”
“Mmm…?” Sherlock purrs softly in response, a deep baritone vibrating out from his chest. His head falls backwards to rest across the back of his chair in what can only described as a rather obvious invitation. Not too elegant, but Sherlock has never been a man of subtleties and understated flirting has always been completely beyond him.
“Well, my wife just went out the door. I’m not sure if she’s ever coming back or if that was the end of my marriage. Other than that, I’d say it’s going fairly well.” John has an incredible ability to stay calm in the face of intense anguish that puts Sherlock’s display of emotionlessness utterly to shame. It leaves Sherlock scrambling to find the appropriate mood for the situation.
true. What Sherlock knows about John are the everyday things – how he takes his tea, what shows he enjoys to zone out in front of, the way his face contracts when he’s angry and fighting to keep his voice on a reasonable level, which co-workers annoy him at present – and the formalities – his birthday, his elementary school, his family (what’s left of it anyway), the places he’s studied and worked, details of his war service – all of it perfectly organised and repeatedly updated. But it’s with Moriarty that Sherlock can throw one look at another human being and just
No specific chapter warnings this time around, but as always, please heed the tags. Comments and kudos are greatly appreciated, they really help motivate me and I love to hear your thoughts and feelings! Thank you so much for reading and for sticking with the story. Lots of love.
Sherlock is silent for so long that John begins to think he may have used up whatever vocal reserves he’d accumulated.
Perhaps there’s something more on his mind than just the punch.
“Yours.”
. And underneath that
“Sherlock…”
But he can’t do it. He just can’t.
As he exits Battersea Power Station, he exits his Mind Palace. During the intense emotional strain that he's just gone through in his Mind Palace, his heart rate has become dangerously elevated, which has caused John to think he was about to die. The chapter ends with Sherlock waking up in hospital.
Lying here with Sherlock sleeping contently in his arms, John is suddenly struck by a sort of euphoric rush that he hasn’t experienced before. Nothing like an adrenaline rush, yet it sets his heart beating in much the same way. John isn’t particularly religious, never has been. He’s usually reserved his communications with the almighty for moments of extreme stress and danger. So it’s not God in particular that he thinks of now. More like the general presence of good in the world. For there must be some good in the world when it’s possible for people to find each other the way he and Sherlock have. And not just find each other, but find each other again and again and again every time they’ve been lost.
