is a character from Back to Future trilogy, and it's
The twenty-third day is different; there is this tingle in Steve’s spine when he wakes up. He feels giddy somehow as if it hasn’t been less than a month since half of the universe got wiped out of existence. As if he is not mourning his teammates and friends, as if the visions of Tony turning into dust somewhere unknown in outer space don’t make his blood freeze every time he closes his eyes.
“Not to navigate an asteroid field, but yeah, Avenger can safely stay still for the duration of a rescue mission.”
It might be the tiny pill that Bruce had dropped off while Tony was in the shower upstairs, that’s made his brain a little fuzzy, or the fact that the pill had to be taken with food and the waves of nausea have not stopped after all that methodical effort to down crackers and stinky pieces of horrible hard cheese.
on Tumblr, come talk to me :)
Steve melts into the touch and closes his eyes, the faint scent of coconut body wash on Tony’s forearm easing his nerves a little. “I freaked out and started weeping like a giant baby. I was a total mess. I
“Okay,” Steve says as he lifts his head to look into Tony’s eyes. “Spank it is then.” And he smiles, a little pained still, but there is a sparkle in his eyes that was not there a minute ago and the way Tony’s heart pounds in his chest, is just yesterday news.
Steve wants to push that ‘playing-dumb’ face to his chest. Or at least go over and kiss the top of his head and feed him another bagel. He can’t do any of those, obviously, so he spreads peanut butter on another three pieces of bread and goes with raspberry jam this time. “Two. and only because I shoved them in your face at four PM. I can’t believe you can eat so little food and do so much. I just don’t get how your body works.”
He is right.
He then tilts his head to the side and his eyes are suddenly serious. He looks at Tony with narrowed eyes, pressing his lips together before he opens his mouth to speak again. “This particular one was … impossible to miss, really. SI was in the news for a whole two weeks and every single show on every single channel talked about it at some point. It was kind of a great deal, wasn’t it?”
Steve gets back to the tower, just in time to get a giant piece of his birthday cake with lots of leftover BBQ food from SHIELD’s 4th of July party, although nothing tastes as good as the tiny hospital sandwich and the juice box left on top of his clothes in the exam room. He falls asleep thinking about big brown eyes, a perfect smile, and the most magical fingers in the world, and wakes up to a package delivered while he was sleeping that Nat must have left on his bedside table.
Steve blinks, and the flush that’s coloring from the tip of his nose to the hem of his t-shirt goes even darker.
He is mortified. He is overwhelmed and a little confused and he has never felt as right as now, it’s almost crazy. The fact that Tony is half calm and helpful and half flustered and all over the place is heartwarmingly adorable and the way he explains roleplaying and asks if Steve’s okay with it a few too many times, makes Steve’s heart skip many beats, as usual.
“Well I can’t find any other news channels,” Steve says as he places a quick kiss on Tony’s cheek and then turns to the TV, taking a bite from his own sandwich.
By the time it’s bright outside, Steve is naked and panting. Tony has kissed his lips, tasting and biting, and has nibbled and licked the line down his throat, on his chest and his navel many times. Steve is on his back, sweaty and flushed and burning all over. He wants-- he doesn’t know what. He just
with the flamethrower while high on oxygen deprivation!” Tony raises his arms. “Nat? A little help? A dose of sanity, please?”
“I’m sorry,” Steve says as he leans forward to kiss Tony’s hair, “I’m sorry, for saying things I didn’t mean.” He kisses Tony’s forehead. “I’m sorry for not telling you before.” He kisses down the line of his nose. “I’m sorry so so much for being a giant knothead.”
He doesn’t look like the people who usually come over to ask for donations. He also does not sound like them. There is something earnest about the way he talks about the veterans, and the sorrow in his eyes when he recalls the number of people they can’t accommodate every single night seems genuine. For a short second, Tony believes that this is not a show; That this rich alpha’s charity is not a tax-escape zone and he actually cares about the people he is here to get money for, but he knows better. Tony knows much better than that.
They stare at each other for another few seconds as people say some things that go over Steve’s head. His senses are completely consumed by watching Tony’s flushed face and his short staggered breaths.
“Not gonna thank me for the treat?” Steve says, pulling his own pants up, “kiss me soft and sweet and tell me you love me?”
It could all be different, what Steve and Bucky would have if things had gone just slightly differently.
Something bubbles up in Steve’s chest and stings at his heart. “I’m not uncomfortable. I just…” He breathes in. “I’m just …” He breathes out. “Just…”
“We can install one of the main engines on a rescue shuttle.” Tony’s voice breaks the silence in the room. “It will give the shuttle Warp 11 speed and we might be able to get to them in time before they get sucked in.”
any second, but Steve’s expression is a different kind of flustered, and Tony does his best to go with a different cool and casual response. “Help
It was like trying to navigate a sand storm at first, with the chaos that had been their lives for a few months after Steve had told Tony that Bucky was alive since he’d brought Bucky back home, but now with all the dust settled and the air clear between them, Tony could clearly see why Steve was willing to put his life on the line for Bucky.
“He is releasing the stimulus package, huh? I guess…congratulations?” Steve kisses Tony’s forehead. The delight of the unexpected win, blends with Steve’s passionate embrace and Tony’s heart starts to race in response.
Steve nods, the way he does when he is all listening and thinking hard, and Tony’s heart does its usual flip flop, which he can’t really tell the reason for at this stage. Talking to Steve, or eating with him, touching his hand or his ass, is a sure deal to have the same effect to some extent; to make Tony’s heart swoon and a warm electricity-like wave to shudder through his gut.
Steve narrows his eyes as he brings his hands up Tony’s back and the prickling sensation shoots up Tony’s spine this time. Steve then pouts in a fake displease and a million tiny bubbles fill the inside of Tony’s chest. “So what about me? Not feeling lucky that I admire you?” And his pout turns into a soft smile and crinkles to the corner of the eyes.
Pepper is furious, as expected. Tony has apparently confirmed he is self-isolating with someone he picked up from a bar - a point that Tony strongly disagrees with - and that’s apparently a huge PR nightmare, as Tony Stark has been irresponsible and reckless again, in a time of such horrible crisis. As far as Tony is concerned, the media can go fuck themselves, because he has not done a single thing wrong. Pepper, however, ‘begs to differ’ and is explaining to Tony how she has spent the past four hours with PR and legal trying to mitigate the issue, in some not very nice words.
Steve shuffles to stretch his feet and it brushes against Tony’s knee for a fraction of a second. The touch is barely there but it sends a jolt of electricity right to Tony’s heart, like it’s the first time, or the la--
We are still discussing the pandemic of the COVID-19 (still not mentioned the name) so please take care of yourself and don't read this fic if you don't want to be exposed to it.
“Naked Captain America serving breakfast in bed?” Tony teases as he opens his mouth to take the piece of the fancy blueberry breakfast cake from the fork Steve’s holding out. “If you were wearing an apron I would have wondered if I had died and gone straight to heaven.”
“If you tell me where it hurts,” Tony says, low and breathy, and Steve turns to him, ignoring the stabbing pain in his back from being dragged on the floor by gigantic security people, “I might be able to kiss it better.”
“A tour? No, Captain, I’m gonna come with you to operate the engine. The rescue shuttle is not designed for Warp engines and there is no way I’m gonna let you operate it without me.”
“Hey there. Feeling better?” Tony whispers against Steve’s skin and the hair stands on the back of Steve’s neck. He nods as his throat is parched and his heart’s racing - not from the terror of his horrible nightmares this time.
And that’s before the SS Santa Maria crisis.
I tried to use the correct legal terms, but please let me know if something is terribly off :))
As always thank you so much to fiftyshadesofstony and JehBeeEh for beta and all the nice comments, I love you guys, I am so grateful!
“I’m gonna operate the missile.” Steve taps at the console and looks ahead. “26.5 degrees and medium intensity, I’m just hoping that I got the calculations right.”
This was a bad idea, altogether, and Tony should’ve said no from the get-go, because what the fuck, what the actual fuck, was he thinking when he agreed to do this knowing that it will end up in total disaster.
is not just too many days spent in court corridors but it also means a growing bump that will get harder and harder to cover up, leading to Ty finding out and exercising his power about his child's living arrangements, before any hearing can come to any conclusion. Or
Steve scratches his chin absentmindedly. “Be paid I guess? If it’s either pay or to be paid, maybe I could get the money and give it to the person who I was supposed to pay for sex?” and he rubs the back of his neck again and smiles, melting Tony’s heart in his chest, with his adorable argument.
“How?” he asks, his voice too small, despite the fact that his insides are somehow boiling with what felt like liquid fire. “How—” And there is no sound coming out of his throat anymore, as the fire might have burnt his throat altogether.
that I
“I’ll get him something to change into for tonight. We can get anything he needs tomorrow.” Captain Rogers’ voice is low and deep. Tony is tired, dizzy and extremely hormonal so he can blame the way his eyes dart around the room to follow Captain Rogers stepping out on his stupid omega brain. The way Captain Rogers is blushing right before he turns to get out of the door though, can’t really be Tony’s brain shenanigans. It’s not even that uncommon anyway, alphas loving to mark omegas as their property despite the circumstances, it’s just the fact that he did not even get a say in it, because everyone is pretending that he does not exist, or worse, is incapable of making a stupid fucking decision.
Steve chews his mouthful of bacon, as slowly as he can, hoping not to choke and cough instead of a reply, and looks up gradually, as if the air would become less thin if he takes his time to think about what Tony had just said.
Captain Rogers kneels on the floor and brings the glass to Tony’s mouth. He’s changed since last night, dim gray sweatpants with a white T-shirt just like the one Tony’s wearing now that doesn’t say ARMY on the front, and he doesn't seem to have had a second to run a hand through his hair before rushing out of his bedroom.
Steve breathes out and lets go of the handle. “We did it!”
His each and every reason to miss chief officers’ meetings are absolutely legitimate and Commander Romanoff can’t give him the “you’re starving yourself” speech anymore, as he’s arranged for his food to be delivered to Captain’s Ready Room.
Tony argued for half an hour with the head engineer in Gun Emplacement Room 5 and gave two different incorrect directions to two groups of builders before he decided to grant himself a leave of absence. He walked up and down the stairway from the fort to the barracks a few times before he made his way to their residence and he sat on the front deck, unable to bring himself to go inside. Watching the cloudy sky and the angry sea, he remembered the first time he heard Steve’s voice from behind the main quarantine building, on a cloudy dark day just like this one. How he had expected to see a bulky alpha as he heard punches being thrown and ‘I can do this all day’, how he was shocked out of his core when Steve’s small figure appeared from behind the bulky alpha who was being beaten up.
This is the
I mean this whole fic is one giant sappiness altogether but I think I have outdone myself in being so sappy and head over heels for my boys, because God I love them so much I can write 4.6k of Steve appreciation and go in circles only slightly :))))
and Mr. Murdock is on his way over here to help.
I appreciate each and every comment, so please tell me how you feel about all of this :)
Nothing makes sense.
Thank you for reading and I hope you enjoyed it.
Tony kissed the line of Steve’s throat and sighed. “I love you too,” he whispered, “no matter what.”
This is new.
For all the lovely people who figured out that Steve said he won't wear a button-down just to end up having Tony unbutton his shirt as he was washing the dishes, well I love you all, I am so happy you let me know and it was so much fun <3 I owe every one of you a short fic, send me an ask and I'll write them, slowly but surely :)
Tony smiled back at Steve and watched as Steve slipped off the bed, and caressed Bucky’s arm as he walked past, without even looking at him, without even thinking maybe. This is
On the shuttle taking him to San Francisco Fleet Yards, Steve sits on the last seat of the front row with his side pressed to the cold metallic wall. He places his backpack between his feet on the floor, even if the whole row remains unoccupied. It’s been more than five years but Steve doesn't seem to be getting used to having enough space on vehicles.
He walks in carefully, trying his best not to step on, well, every single household item he can think of, all mixed up, scattered on every available surface, and breathes through the panic of what Tony might look like if the way his apartment is one big mess is any indication.
The world is spinning.
For the long seconds that follow, Tony wonders if he’d ever known how to breathe, if he’d ever managed to close his eyes to not see, or move his fingers to turn on the water and splash some sanity onto his face. He doesn’t know if there ever was a path to move on from this second into the next. If he remembers how to be; to exist.
“Mr. Stark, is it true that you’re self-isolating with the hooker you picked up at a bar two nights ago? We have footage of you groping him in the elevator, but none of the gay escort services in Houston have been able to identify him.”
Steve shifts forward and wraps his free arm around Tony’s shoulders. “Still,” he whispers into Tony’s hair, and kisses his temple, pulling him further in. “You taught me to dance. You offered to take me home and you showed me your deepest, most painful wound, but all I could think about was my own pain, and my own regrets and my own fucking nightmares.”
Steve put his free hand on Bucky’s shoulder and massaged it gently. Tony’s head started to spin with the picture they were making right now, so close, touching each other like that.
Back in his room and surrounded by sketchpads, drawing pencils and his new charcoal set, that Nat had not forgotten to get from his apartment, Steve loses himself in countless sketches of those amazing curves and sharp lines, coming beautifully together in what represents so much more than aesthetic beauty.
Tony almost cries out when Steve’s lips touch his neck. It feels like it’s the first time someone’s ever kissed that line in the middle of Tony’s throat, and the way Steve’s lips are so gentle, yet unbelievably firm, make it so damn difficult to not move, to not touch, to not burst into tears.
This was not that moment though; there would never be such a moment. Tony knew better than to open his foolish mouth. He pressed his lips together instead, squeezed his eyes, and listened to the rush of blood that roared in his ears and pounded in his head. He was filled with a desperate desire for the delicate omega pretending to be asleep in his undergarments just a foot away, and all he wanted in this world was to hold that fragile frame in his arms, to kiss his hair and touch his lips, to put some ointment on the skin of those frail fingers that were always cracked from working in cold water. All he wanted to do was to rest his head on that pale chest and listen to the weak beating of the strongest heart that he had ever known.
It’s dreamy, how Steve’s enveloped in Tony’s scent, light-headed and out of breath, when he finally points to his lips, and it kinda hurts because Tony’s kiss turns heated quickly, but it’s nice, it’s great, it’s actually incredible, how they wrap around each other, how Tony whispers things that are most probably endearing insults, how Tony’s tongue makes Steve part his lips, how they drink each other, and it tastes better, thousands of times, than any french dessert wine.
meant to be,” Tony tries desperately, even if he knows that he’s still missing a large part of the picture. “I’m sure it is. Is the universe always supposed to be cruel and crazy? It
Steve’s heart skips a beat and his head spins a little. It’s not something he has ever imagined possible before, but if Tony wants him to be proud of his wounds, he should be able to figure out a way to do exactly that.
“Of course.” He smiles, so that’s what lips thinly pressed together and narrow eyes can also mean, and Tony does his best to smile back, blaming his painful cheeks for the way the tears well up in his eyes.
Steve is smart. He is quick and resourceful, and is apparently a phenomenal boss because more than twenty interns have applied to fill the two new intern roles on his team that Pepper had advertised internally yesterday afternoon. Steve’s team, that did not exist three days ago and doesn’t have a name, but has finalized 21 emergency help projects already worth around a billion dollars and he is just getting fucking started.
Tony spins the stripping wheel, still breathless and lightheaded, and he happens to have to take an item of Steve’s clothing off, slowly. He makes Steve sit down, and takes his time to take his shoes off because
He can let go, and be sure that he won’t fall, he can be a shivering mess before Tony’s eyes, with his brain foggy and his spine on fire.
Steve shakes his head too. “No you are not,” and he smiles, not a fake one for a change, “There is nothing reckless about you, not when other people are concerned anyway. You’ve lost around two and a half billion dollars in the past three days, trying to help people. I've heard you say ‘my own trust’ or ‘my shares’ or ‘my fucking money’ too many times already. Oh, and ‘you don’t get a say when it’s not SI’s money’ too, even more.”
“Do you know how
“Yeah, I think I’d better sit down,” Steve mumbles as if talking to himself. He walks around the room, passing all the couches and dining chairs, and comes back to stand in front of Tony. “This can’t be true. It’s either a setup or I’m still asleep. This is too random. This… this is impossible.”
We are still discussing the pandemic of the COVID-19 (although I have not mentioned the name so far) so please take care of yourself and don't read this fic if you don't want to be exposed to it.
And he belongs between Steve’s arms, he just fits across Steve’s chest. Steve doesn’t know how he has survived without Tony these past years—he doesn’t want to know if he can put a foot in front of the other without Tony from now on. He tightens his hold around Tony’s too narrow shoulders and breathes him in, kissing his lips, his hair, his neck, the discolored patch of skin where the arc reactor used to be, thrilled that it still makes Tony’s breath hitch and his eyes flutter shut. He wants more, much more, but Tony is too weak, even for sitting upright.
He turned away from Jarvis and walked to where he’d stand every afternoon waiting for Steve to show up from the bend of the road. No one would be coming home
I would love to know how you feel about the fic, and I truly appreciate each and every comment. Your nice words make my day and they are truly my fuel to go on writing this daily. I love you all and I hope everyone stays safe and happy during this hard time.
Tony does not feel lucky. His shadow of a plan to survive the hour of bumping along the road to Brooklyn, sneaking out of the trunk and finding a phone to call Rhodey, as foolish as it seems right now, did not include this. Any of this.
“You had me really worried there. I’m not even sure how I heard you from behind two closed doors.”
Steve finally says the words, and it’s like nothing he has ever experienced before. It's incredibly liberating to hear his controlled calm battle voice, asking, begging Iron Man to
on Tumblr, come talk to me :)
There is a trading card in the box, an unpackaged blue … butt plug, and a note, that Steve opens with shaky hands, and has to read a few times before he begins to comprehend the words.
on Tumblr, come talk to me :)
“ya’ sure he was not getting his second one?”
Tony looks relieved, for whatever reason. He smiles back at Steve, takes a deep breath and sits as Steve gestures to the chair on Tony’s side of the table.
make his cheeks red with anger and shame. He doesn’t cry though. He can’t control his own fingers right now so he holds on to the last shred of his dignity and keeps the stupid tears off his face.
“I want to call my friend,” he says, his voice breaking halfway and he coughs, but he
“But I’m paying for it anyway, Steve. You’re basically doubling up if that’s what you're worried about.”
He slides down the counter and leans his hip against it. “Anyone else, you ask? Ty fucking hates everyone. ‘Don’t speak to Carol, she’s an alpha, she has a crush on you.’ ‘Why did you smile so much when we were on a fucking double date, with Jan and Hank? They’re both betas so you never know.’” He runs his hands through his hair and keeps his fingers there, pulling slightly, and Steve has to press his thighs from inside his pockets to stop himself from reaching over and stopping him.
“Don’t you dare, Ty. Don’t doll me now. Just. Please. Don’t.” Tony’s lips are trembling as he raises his hand to clutch Ty’s jacket. He really wants to shake Ty and he hates it so much but he also wants to hold on to him somehow, because his head is spinning and he is not sure if he is sitting or falling.
Ty is still in the shower so they will be late to welcome their guest and as much as it is supposed to be Tony’s problem, it really isn’t. It’s not like this person is here to see him or anything.
The bar is crowded and dim.
“I was handling it, no need to make a scene,” Tony hisses and looks around again.
Captain Rogers opens his mouth and closes it as the traffic clears up, like every single thing perfectly timed in Tony’s life has ever been. He shakes his head, and something shifts, so clearly that Tony feels like he can see it in the air, and it throws him, like he’s been punched in the gut again, but it doesn’t hurt, it’s thrilling even, the sharp pine scent that fills the car, that Tony can’t tell for the life of him what it means.
“I’m not surprised that they knew who you’re staying with from day one,” Tony sighs, running a hand through his hair, making them more adorably tousled, “they didn’t mind leaving you on your own, for 18 months, but they would never leave their precious asset to stay with a random guy. Classic SHIELD.”
Thank you to fiftyshadesofstony, Succubus Kayko and JehBeeEh for beta, guys you make my work readable and I really really appreciate your help <3<3<3
Not quite though. He catches himself right on time, and he has to remind himself that not all things that feel right turn out alright in the end so many times before he can bring himself to let go of the doorknob, step away, and walk out of the room.
Steve runs his hand in Tony’s hair and something prickles his scalp, moves through his spine all the way to the tip of his toes. He closes his eyes and gasps when Steve’s fingers trail down the side of his face and, God, touch his lips. He’s not sure how good of an idea it would be to part his lips and taste them right now.
Bruce asks for a glass of sweetened water because the IV bag is only saline and Tony can now get sugar because he is awake and can confirm that he is not diabetic. Captain Rogers does not even look annoyed as he walks out to get the glass of water and Tony wonders if Brooklyn falls outside of the U.S. or if this house is some sort of magical wonderland because he has never dared to simply ask an alpha to
“I know that we live in the same city and we can see each other all the time. I just don’t want to sleep under a roof, you don’t sleep under. I actually don’t want to breathe under a roof you’re not breathing under. I don’t care if it sounds more insane when I say it out loud, but I want to take you to my office every day. I want to hold your hand when I reply to my emails. I just… I can’t let you go.” Tony tightens his hold as if Steve is going to run away now. As if Steve’s got anywhere else to be tonight, or ever.
“He’s in surgery.” Nat wipes her eyes, and Clint runs forward to hold Steve’s hand.
Captain Rogers is listening and his enthusiasm is a little suspicious for a professional artist and high profile art curator.
Captain America kisses Iron Man’s chest plate and runs his fingers on the arc reactor making Iron Man lose his grip on Cap’s shoulders and tumble over Captain America, shakily, and he starts to moan and whimper too as Captain America holds him tight and arches his hips to press their cocks further together.
This particular customer though is not difficult or loud, and he’s not crying in Steve’s arms while getting a ‘love yourself’ tattoo after a blind date gone horribly wrong.
Thank you for reading <3
“I want you to have this one,” Steve says, his voice lower than he expected as he holds out the sketch to Tony. Tony smiles and holds out his hand which is a silent gesture for a perfect invite.
“So your employer wants to move you? I’m not sure if that complies with the rapidly evolving strictness of the self-isolation guidelines.”
“Well, I’d have to deal with that erection if it had not gone down. You basically did a part of my job for me. So thank you for that.”
“Yeah?” Steve brushes his lips over Tony’s neck and nibbles on his gland. “Let’s see who gives a fuck about what-” and he sucks hard, a little too hard maybe, but who cares, and Tony’s screech in what’s a perfect mix of agony and pleasure goes right to his cock “-any minute now.”
Tony doesn’t care that they have been sharing a bed for almost a week. That they’ve kissed and talked and ate and slept together over and over and over again. This guy, who makes Steve his mom’s pasta and yells at the chief of staff to the president of the United States, who gives so much he forgets he deserves to receive things too, who is gentle and kind and always has a second to kiss Steve’s nose in between his crazy hectic days; he doesn’t care if Steve is half-naked and fully hard, if Steve is panting and shaking in his arms. He doesn’t assume, doesn’t take silence for consent, he doesn’t even accept nodding and gestures. He needs words, actual solid words to take the next step and he will ask every single time, and Steve loves that about him.
He’s sitting on the floor, in the corner of the room, shaking, and he is staring at something Tony can’t see, but he can imagine is not a happy or fun image. Tony takes a number of deep breaths to calm down before walking over to Steve because there is no chance he can help Steve in an apparent panic attack if he starts having one himself. He kneels before Steve and reaches over to touch him, as gently as he possibly can with the way his heart is racing in his chest. He is relieved that Steve doesn’t fight his touch or look worse or more disturbed.
so many times, and despite Steve’s numerous reassurances, his touches get even lighter when he’s washing and rinsing and drying, well... down there. Steve holds back from reminding him that he heals fast, too fast maybe, and goes easily when Tony makes him lie on his front to put lotion on him and spreads Steve’s cheeks  just to make sure that everything is perfectly normal.
Tony leaned his side against the wall, taking a deep breath, and the vague image found the perfect moment to turn wild. It was Tony instead of Steve, kissing Bucky’s neck, touching Bucky’s chest, feeling Bucky’s body pressed to his own
The first job that comes to Tony’s mind is not very appropriate and he doesn’t even bring it up as a joke after Steve spends 22 minutes explaining his main skills that don’t involve punching people for global security. He doesn’t take the bait to elaborate on his actual job though, and Tony doesn’t have enough brain capacity to obsess, because he is sitting so close to Steve that he can smell the faint Lavender scent off his hair, and it’s hard to focus on much else right now. He gives Steve a list of a few ideas he hasn’t got a second to plan out yet, and hooks Steve up with one of the SI interns, resisting the impulse to ask for a ‘not so attractive one’. Pepper rolls her eyes and huffs a few times but she doesn’t exactly object to the idea of giving Steve something to do, for whatever reason that’s far beyond Tony.
Tony’s had so many partners, he honestly can’t count. He is the celebrity banger as Steve just said, the playboy of the 90s, with so much evidence in print that there is no point to even try to delete the traces of it. He has slept with someone, who usually charges no less than a down payment for a Park Avenue apartment for the whole night, for free, thank you very much, and she was good, awesome maybe, but nothing, absolutely nothing compared to Tony’s best. And there is no rhyme or reason to it, Tony thinks, cause first-timers are supposed to be odd and clumsy, right? God, Tony does not even want to think about himself when he was a first-timer, just no, but this first-timer? It must be some sort of magic.
Tony watches him the first few rounds as he shows up in the window and disappears. He then closes his eyes, listens to the wind in the empty road and wonders about what’s coming next.
“Iron Man? Iron-- you’re
The omega - Tony - doesn’t say anything. He doesn’t move his eyes, still glued to Steve for some reason, and he doesn’t even flinch at the harsh words that begin to make Steve’s blood simmer.
Getting to Rhodey has been a constant part of his plan so much that coming up with an alternative in which Rhodey’s away on tour, and unreachable for three months is just impossible. With Pepper working for SI and being probably interrogated by security right this second Tony's left with no options, legal or illegal, and with no money and no one else to turn to, he has no clue, whatsoever of what he should do.
Tony laughs and his laugh lines deepen. Steve swallows at the sight, happy that he can conveniently pretend it’s something he has been chewing.
He’s there.
For a long second everything goes quiet. Even Nat loosens her grip around Steve’s arm, although Steve can’t quite remember when she got her hand there, and no one even breathes. Tony smirks and takes a step back, which to an unassuming audience - people who don’t know Tony Stark well enough - he might seem to be backing down, but Steve knows him better, too well maybe, to believe that even for one second.
He ditches the daily board briefing and dares to tell Pepper that he is too busy for their one on one. He grabs his good reading glasses instead and digs through all the information Bruce has sent him after their quick chat in the middle of the Stimulus Package mayhem two days ago.
“I know, sweetheart, I know, it’s okay,” Tony says, and Steve swallows his choked words, because Tony knows, he is here, he’s got Steve, now and forever, and Steve might finally be able to stop trying for the first time, like all the other firsts happening to him all at once. Tony shushes Steve again, his body slamming vigorously into Steve’s and then he wraps his hand around Steve’s cock and rolls his fingers over Steve’s balls.
The IV bag is almost empty now. He looks at Nat holding the ice bag instead of Tony’s hand and then back at Captain Rogers who is fiddling with the glass of water as if he is waiting for Bruce’s next gesture to make Tony drink some more of the sickening sweetness.
“I step forward, you step back, one, two, three, four. Just keep going with me, don’t let a gap come between us.” Steve listens to Tony count, his body moving the way Tony directs, as Tony leans in a little with every step and he holds on to Tony’s shoulder, his fingers pressing a little too hard, maybe.
He thinks about the new improvements for the face recognition feature of his project X and how he needs to write some hints down before he forgets the specifics, smiling at the fact that he calls it project X in his own mind as if he is terrified of someone listening within his own fucking brain.
What he remembered was Tony’s low voice and his soothing words. His eyes on Steve’s face during the officiation, his thumb caressing the back of Steve’s hand, and his scent, distracting Steve from the whole world, wrapping him like a warm woolen throw, shielding him from all the nasty rules that were the reason for them gathering in that room in the first place.
“So you didn’t know how to dance ha? You were perfect Steve, you didn’t even miss a step.”
“I will need to draw some cavernosal blood from your penis to see if the blood in the penis is oxygen deprived or not. We’ll use a standard butterfly needle—”  Steve is not sure if he’s heard correctly for a second because he’s been busy admiring the way Dr. Stark’s mussed hair looks even better than neatly combed back. “—so if you lie down on the table I’ll get the supplies—”  Wait, did he say ‘needle’? “—if the blood’s visually bright red, we will start with— ” No. no, no, no. No needles in Steve’s dick, thank you very much, that’s just… no.
The sun glitters over Tony’s skin and his eyes soften. He holds out his hand and Steve finds himself out of the bed and in Tony’s arm in a split second. Tony wraps the stretched arm around Steve’s back to pull him in, and the smell of his hair calms Steve immediately. “We would’ve survived,” he whispers into Steve’s throat, sending shudders down Steve’s spine. “We will survive. Together.”
“Okay, take a deep breath for me.”
Tags are changed so please make sure you mind them before reading if you are worried about triggers. One tag is missing due to spoilers. Please refer to endnotes for more details before reading if you are concerned.
“An easy omega like you, doesn’t really care if you end up sleeping with one more alpha right?”
Tony looks into Steve’s eyes and wonders if they change color slightly as the day goes on. “Is that a yes, or is that a no?”
, he repeats to himself hazily, but the idea does not bring a rush of anxious thoughts as it had before. He
Steve grabs Tony’s wrist and brings it up to eye level. He kisses Tony’s fingers one by one, unhurriedly, as if that’s the most important thing to do right at that second.
It’s that growling, hungry beast, having starved for so long, who’s been told that he’s not good enough to exist, but he’s here, filled with fire and lust, with the way Tony’s scent shifts from desperate to content bit by bit, the quickening pulse of his heart, beating against Steve’s chest, the way he just smiles and closes his eyes, pliant - it’s impossible to keep it from growling.
As a cold wet metallic object touches his rim and gets worked inside, Steve wonders if he wants this to be over soon. It’s torturous and overwhelming and past the most humiliated Steve had ever been half an hour ago, but it’s electricity at the same time and blinding pleasure. No one has to know what a little horny slut Steve is deep inside, that he is loving this, even though he is absolutely hating it. No one except Dr. Stark, which makes everything just that much better. He will be the only one to know that Steve moans as the blades of the instrument open him up, wide and deep, not even covering his mouth, that his cock jerks and spills because a handsome stranger is working on his ass, with focused eyes and professional diligence. It will be their dirty little secret, and even that feels amazing, sharing something with Dr. Stark, who happens to be kind and gentle and extremely, breathtakingly beautiful.
Mostly to keep his head on his shoulders, as per usual, but this time specifically, to keep from disrupting Steve’s sleep. He has left his door open to hear Steve, in case he has a nightmare or something, hoping to catch it earlier this time, so he needs to stay calm; even more than he usually does.
Impossible.
Steve smirks and shakes his head as he taps on his phone to spin the stripping wheel. “You certainly have a type.”
Captain Rogers doesn’t take his eyes off the cars moving so very slowly in front of them. “I promise you, that if something goes wrong, I’ll pull whatever I can to make sure you won’t spend even one night anywhere else. But we have to try this first.”
The omega lying on the table, as Steve’s last customer tonight, is too quiet, if anything. Too pliant, with a beautiful wide smile, that makes something tingle at the back of Steve’s neck, and a chill go down his spine.
Thank you to fiftyshadesofstony, and JehBeeEh for beta, guys I am so grateful for your help,  <3<3<3
Things stop moving and sudden silence wakes Tony up. Pain and weakness come rushing back as he comes out of the sleepy haze and he feels his heart sinking as his half-ass plan seems to have gone out of the window.
But any of that doesn’t change the fact that Tony has played nice with the jackass alpha to protect Steve. The thing omegas do, they keep their stupid alphas safe, the thing Steve should’ve done that night and yesterday in the field and still…
all me.”
“I just…” he finally turns back to Tony, with a distant look in his eyes, as if he’s not even seeing Tony, and yet his gaze burns through Tony’s core and calms his nerves somehow.
Tony swallows again, and to his own surprise, he still has a voice.
“Look at me,” Tony says and Steve opens his eyes, not having realized that he had closed them in the first place. “I wanna see your beautiful eyes, sweetheart.” He presses forward the slightest bit, tightening his grip on one of Steve’s thighs. “Are you ready?”
Too much.
“We need to act quickly, Santa Maria is moving at a different speed than we are,” Tony says.
Tony thinks about what Steve just said for a moment. He smiles and pulls Steve in to rest his forehead on his again so he can stare into his eyes, not caring much about what it means to stare into a guy’s eyes like that and he echoes Steve’s words to himself a few more times, just to be sure, that he has, in fact, said it out loud that he ‘admires’ Tony.
Captain Rogers tilts his head to the side and the corner of his lips twitches.
Tony chuckles and winks. “So you
Tony takes a deep breath to steady himself as Steve pulls away and blinks a few times till he is finally able to focus on his phone. “Truth or dare?”
“Okay. It’s okay Steve, thank you for telling me.” He places a reassuring hand on Steve’s shoulder, and it’s stupid and he’s probably thinking with his ridiculously hard dick, but all Steve wants to do right now is lay his head against Dr. Stark’s bare forearm.
Thank you to everyone reading this so far.
“Yes,” he finally says, his voice too shaky, his heart racing in his chest. Captain Rogers raises an eyebrow, just a little, and Tony’s heart stops to beat and drops to his feet. He nods then and his lips twitch into what might be the tiniest smile in the history of smiles and Tony’s heart starts to beat in his chest.
Steve rolls the pen between his fingers before putting it on the tattoo trolley. “Are you sure?”
A sharp citrus scent fills Steve’s nose, Tony’s obviously, and he looks more and more distressed by the second. Steve looks between them and moves without thinking, planning vaguely to grab the alpha’s arm and break it in half right then and there, but instead of Ty Stone, Tony’s body is pressed against his. Tony is standing between them, holding Steve’s hand, his fingers burning on Steve’s forearm.
The hair on the back of Tony’s neck stands on end. What are they exactly? Quarantined fuckbuddies? Hopeless romantics? Some kind of lovers, when one is in love with the other’s alter ego and the other--
He’s not got this.
Dr. Stark looks into Steve’s eyes. “Okay, that’s good, Steve. There is… something else that you need to tell me?”
“I’m sure you got it, Captain. I’m gonna set the speed on steady, fingers crossed we don’t jerk too much.” He smiles reassuringly and the noise in Steve’s brain quiets down instantly. “Ready?” Tony asks.
He is tall and looks very young, even younger than Ty. He actually looks very much like Ty, with blue eyes and fair skin and even the very similar-looking black suit, which is nowhere near as expensive as Ty’s handmade William Fioravanti, but still tasteful and proper for the occasion. Dolce and Gabbana, Tony thinks; around $3000.
It’s not like anyone can hurt him more than he already is.
He needs to go back to the living room for at least half an hour before he can come back and get dinner going, but all he wants to do is take off the suit vest and tie and lie down. He feels dizzy and hungry but the idea of eating worsens the nausea  that crawls from his stomach up to his throat.
This is not how he had planned for the night to go, but hey, you do your best to play whatever hand life deals, and if life has made him punch Ty Stone, instead of having fillet mignon, and spend the night on the cold steps of a closed deli instead of having dessert, then that’s what Steve’s gonna do, and that’s what he’ll try to make the most of.
“Oh come on, I know you won’t do that. I just wondered if something had gone wrong or something,” Tony says and he waves his hand in the air after he grabs the cup of coffee from Steve and puts it on the table, “I’m glad you were hungry though because to tell you the truth, I’m starving,” and he takes a bite from the blueberry bagel he picks from the pile.
Steve swallows as he starts to walk, “and I think I need to take a shower," sounding louder and more clear this time.
He goes through the leftovers in the fridge and sorts out a few snack plates as soon as the water starts to run in Tony’s shower. It will not be weird, and even if it is he can brush it off, as not wanting to deal with Tony fainting just like Ms. Potts, or something along that line. Tony would eat and Steve would stop obsessing and it would be absolutely worth it.
It’s just too much, and it makes all his thoughts come to a halt, so he trembles and bites back a moan, even more of his blood leaving his brain to rush south, and he has to lean back against the examination table to keep from falling, his hands finally ripping the paper-thin gown on both sides.
“No apron? That’s a deal-breaker, Mr. Rogers, I take my invitation back.”
Steve tries hard to go along and keep the bubbling laughter within. He turns over his shoulder, raises his hand and sways it slightly from side to side. “Rubber gloves?”
And what if he forgets to eat when Steve is not around anymore? What if he gives and gives and gives until he collapses with no one to catch him? What if he is sad or cold and the stupid person sleeping next to him has no idea? Not that Steve has a single idea, but he is eager to try. To stick around somehow, to feed, to keep warm, to touch, and kiss and kiss some more until he can’t breathe.
“Truth,” Steve says determinedly and leans forward, elbows on his knees. Tony looks at him for a second, the way he is still blushing on every inch of exposed skin, even his toes, and how Tony can see the line he has just teased on Steve’s chest because there is a darker shade going from his neck to his waistline right where Tony’s tongue's been a minute ago. He is worried about the next question, and Tony wants to hug him from behind and kiss the tension off the back of his shoulders.
He might have said that out loud because Captain Rogers turns the radio off and Tony might be imagining it, or he might already be asleep and dreaming, but after the long and excruciating silence,  Captain Rogers finally says something.
“No Steve, fuck no. Are you fucking kidding me?” Tony says, and he sighs with relief because Steve doesn’t look hurt anymore. “Of course, I want you to. I’m just-- you don’t have to. You don’t owe me anything.” Tony says with a smile, and he runs his other hand in Steve’s hair.
. He can’t explain that to Tony. He can’t explain that to himself even.
“Nice to meet you, sir.” Barnes’s accent had a nice ring as it reminded Tony of Steve’s but years of living in Australia had apparently rounded the edges a little bit. He seemed humble and friendly, and he was well presented, wealthy enough to wear a Homburg hat. He seemed perfect. Tony hated him.
Steve keeps his eyes on the alpha, who looks taller and larger now. He watches him as he opens his mouth to say something, then closes it as he throws his hands in the air. He then groans, turns away from Steve, and starts tugging on Tony’s hand. “I’ll make sure you pay for this,” he mumbles and Steve can’t quite tell who’s on the receiving end of the threat. “Up, up, let’s get the fuck outta here, now!”
and Tony
, Tony thought, relieved as he took off his StarkWatch to throw it over the pile of his stuff on the coach. Walking through the living room, he unbuttoned his dress shirt and stopped just before opening the bedroom door; there was someone else in the room with Steve.
“Thank you, I’ve got it,” Steve mutters, staring at their hands intertwined, because ‘yes please help me get dressed’, or ‘I don’t want to get dressed’, seem like unacceptable answers.
Dr. Stark lets go of Steve’s fingers, slowly. “Be safe,” he whispers, before he turns away, grabs the tablet, and leaves Steve sitting on the examination table, half-naked and full of longing.
“Someone’s so fucking sorry today,” Steve sighs, his hand freezing in the air. “I’m just-” he shakes his head and takes another piece of the cake with his fork “-so sorry.”
Steve wraps his free arm around Tony’s waist, presses his nose to Tony’s neck, and kisses the line of his jaw. “What I think is that you’re brilliant, and charming, and so damn sexy, and I must have done something good in my life for the universe to bring you to me like this.”
It’s been so long since Steve has had someone to listen to while sketching, even if that person’s constantly shouting and swearing; this time about how stupid it is for some small workshop in Malibu requiring a million dollars to get equipped to make medical supplies. Steve looks out of the window and tries to doodle the Houston skyline for the twentieth time, but what ends up on the paper are the fragments of Tony’s body that are visible from the open door of the bedroom.
Tony is the sun.
He breathes a few more times, hoping to remain calm. “I specifically asked you to keep the hostiles
What he does care about is holding Tony in his arms and kissing him soft and slow, but Tony is not here.
Clint places a gentle kiss on top of Nat’s hair. “Now that we won’t need to dispose of a dead body tonight, I’ll make some cookies to calm the nerves.”
He reaches for Tony and his fingers lay on Tony’s stomach. “Please,” he pleads, or begs but he doesn’t really care, “please, Tony, please, I can’t wait anymore.”
“Oh my God! You’re really something, huh? He’s twice your size and really enjoys beating alphas up.”
“The guy who bought me a drink in a random bar, and decided to get a hotel room with me, so fucking randomly, is Iron Man?” Steve pulls his other hand away taking another step back, and the idea of the space between them clenches Tony's heart.
“Is this okay?” Tony asks, pressing at Steve’s hole, and it takes a bit for Steve to catch up with the question. Of course it is, Steve tries, but what comes out is a bunch of overwhelmed meaningless noises, as two fingers circle his hole with the slightest pressure. Steve nods, managing some form of an affirmative apparently, and he clenches around Tony’s fingers many times as they press in, thrusting deeper, and then back out, so slowly, to slide in all over again.
I am sorry if I made you cry guys, and I hope I made up for it after? hugs and kisses for everyone and Steve, you're okay baby, we love you so much :))
Steve gets lost in the short gap between past and present for a second, forgetting himself in the taste and the images and the feelings. He almost tells Tony about the actual origin of the dish being the abundance of egg and bacon in Rome after the US troops took over in 1945, but he catches himself just in time, settling for comparing what Tony has made to what he has had in Rome at an undeclared point in time.
It’s gentle and soft, and so heartbreakingly intimate with no rush, no deadline, no one dying on Tony’s watch or because he has not done enough. It’s just Steve, and the way he melts little by little as Tony kisses him back, how he tenderly brushes his tongue over Tony’s lips, burning a line of fire down his neck right into his heart. All else becomes insignificant, with the way they taste each other, over and over and over again, how they nibble, suck, bite; the way they just
Tony runs his good hand in his hair. What is there to pull, with so much certainty?
They stay like that for a while, as Steve massages Tony’s scalp gently with his chin and wonders if he can just tell Tony everything, right at this moment, as Tony is running his fingers on Steve’s forearm. It feels like the perfect moment, as Tony is calm and full, he has not gone through any shouting matches yet and Steve has his arms around him, so he can’t punch Steve or walk away without a word. ‘Tony, I am Captain fucking America’ does not sound like a very good intro to the conversation though, so he moves on to the only other thing that comes to his mind instead.
It’s too much, like touching an exposed wire with your ass, and it’s not even funny because assholes are so fucking sensitive. He squirms, whines, and shoves himself back, lifting his feet off the stirrups and crossing his legs.
, so feel free to subscribe to read it sometime before new year :) )
“Steve?” Dr. Stark looks up at him, with torturously soft eyes, and Steve takes a deep breath to get a hold of his nerves before he reaches down and lifts the hem of the gown past his thighs and balls until it slides off his stupid,
Steve should know much better than that. He is a grown-ass man, an adult for God’s sake, and he’d better get a hang of himself right this second before he makes things more awkward for either of them. So he does just that, he takes a deep breath and stops staring at the patch of skin that’s showing from the slightly skewed neckline of Tony’s t-shirt. He pours coffee in the matching cups he may or may not have taken a minute to find in the cupboard, before looking back at Tony with the fakest happy smile of his lifetime.
“But… who...”
Tony’s holding a phone, an old brick by Oscorp, with the dial pad button somewhere so obscure that takes him a few seconds to find, but it’s a phone, a damn real unlocked and connected phone, that he can use to call Rhodey after what feels like two whole lifetimes.
“This--fuck--this feels--” Tony is as incomprehensible as Steve would be if he had to talk right now. He doesn’t have to talk though; he can just be. He can just exist, between Tony’s hands rubbing his cock and massaging his hole, right on the edge of the mystery land that Steve’s taken so long to finally find. So long but the exact right amount; to wait, to trust, to linger on the edge with his rubber-gloved hands in a sink of the dirty dishes. It feels exactly right because Tony is there and he is kissing Steve’s jaw, holding Steve through it all, with his wonderful words and his breathtaking touch.
must be some weird-ass karma for something Tony has done in the past because other than Tony who still has his full set of “Inside Moves” that was Jarvis’ present for his 11th birthday, no one knows the game was called Camelot ages ago.
He waits to be yelled at then, as if he’s been a naughty boy, having done something horrible, and no, he is not gonna cry over this, no matter what, but for the first time in forever, he feels like covering his face and crying until the damn thing is over.
was a giant puddle of mess.
“That is awesome. That’s… wow… perfect. I’d be honored to be part of that.” Steve’s smile deepens, crinkling the corner of his eyes and Tony makes a mental note, ‘looks even more perfect when he’s pleased with something’.
Tony leans back against  his chair and considers Steve for a second, and Steve’s hand feels suddenly cold now that Tony’s fingers are not covering it. Tony then stands up and walks around the table. He stands next to Steve, wraps both arms around his shoulders and kisses the top of his head. For a short second, everything stills and goes quiet. The touch of Tony’s lips to Steve’s hair runs through his core like a bolt of lightning and sets his whole body on fire. Tony says something, and the world has to unfreeze and start spinning again, before Steve can process Tony’s words.
Tony laughs, laugh lines deepening and all, and his touch on Steve’s cheek makes an unexpected wash of calm to run all over his skin.
We are discussing COVID-19 pandemic, as usual, without mentioning the name, so if you don't want to be exposed to that topic, please take care of yourself and don't read this one.
He locks himself in his room to video chat with Nat, and he replies to all of Fury’s emails that have been left unread in his inbox forever. He talks to Clint, checks up on Sam, and even finishes four overdue mission reports, but the time seems to be stretching and it just does not pass.
And it’s pure magic right now, how Steve’s body is opening up and letting Tony in, how every thrust brings the world down and builds it back up, how it’s unbearably too much and painstakingly not enough.
The thing about wearing a mask more often than not is that you forget to take it off. You forget the explicit fact that you can make a decision; to be yourself, at least for once, after so many decades. That hiding is a choice, as much as being exposed and vulnerable; as much as trust. That a mask, even the reinforced, superhero special-made ones, are meant to come off someday.
Captain Rogers seems nice. He seems to be passionate about the greater good and has been polite and considerate in the two  ticks that Tony has known him. He is also an alpha; a top of the ranks, rich, handsome, and super strong alpha, and in Tony’s books, that can never be too promising.
, buddy,” Tony said as he let go of Bucky’s elbow. The way Bucky took one last longing look at Steve before getting out was in no way imaginary.
Tony stood up and walked down the steps to the small green patch in front of the house. “I’m afraid of pressuring Steve into it. He thinks he is indebted to me with his life, as you just said. Do you think the man who spends his Sunday mornings helping in the crematorium, and his Sunday afternoons throwing up and shaking from the horror of it, would say no to me if I asked him to stay? He wouldn’t, Jarvis. He wouldn’t. Do you think I want to be his crematorium?”
Steve looks down on his lap, absentmindedly. “Um… must be a few hours.” He then looks back up wondering if he should hold onto the front of the gown that has a nice long tear off-center, as awkward as it might look, or let go and have his balls and half of his dick on display, now that Dr. Stark is looking at him again, and he is not invisible anymore.
A warm fuzzy feeling bubbles in Steve’s chest and he bends over the bed to stroke Tony’s hair away from his forehead. He brushes his finger over the line of Tony’s nose, touches his magnificent lips, and he doesn’t want to be that guy but he just can’t resist the urge as he leans in and kisses the scars. Slowly at first, tracing his lips on the lilnes inch by inch before he loses himself in the fantastic patterns that mean the world to him, now more than ever, and he kisses Tony’s chest all over, wet and open-mouthed, warmth turning into heat and the bubbles run like a current through his veins.
tomorrow covered in dust and sweat and smelling like disinfectant, Tony thought with pain, no one would smile like a little ruffled angel, no shirts stuck to pale, flat chests when the rain was pouring, no one shivering while standing close to the furnace that Tony had turned up just before Steve arrived home.
, but he doesn’t want to
It’s just that charity talk and business ideas are not among the safe topics to be spoken about in these get-togethers.
Steve looks at something behind Tony and grimaces. “The nightmares stopped. Waking up with Bucky’s voice still ringing in my ears and being so cold all the fucking time, all of that. Suddenly I wasn’t staggering between agony and grief, I had something to wake up to and sleep for and I thought maybe, just maybe, something good had finally come my way. That it was not a trick, it was not the universe’s new way of fucking with me. That it was just… meant to be.”
Tony ran his hand through his hair and rubbed his eyes. This was… new. Being in a committed relationship, the happiest of them all, and having this kind of desire for someone else had never happened to him before.
Dr. Stark throws his head back and laughs out loud. “Oh God, no, I love helping people.” And he laughs some more, and Steve watches him, wondering how inappropriate it will be if he wraps an arm around this perfectly-shaped waist to pull Dr. Stark onto his lap. “It’s just that I feel like building things is my true calling. I don’t fit this mold that my dad shoved me into, and it’s just so frustrating, being stuck doing what others expect from you. You know what I mean?”
“Science, but, thank you.” Tony smirks and taps on the side of the turbines.
is really impressive.”
Tony breathes thickly, and his fingers tremble against Steve’s as he intertwines them together. He brings their hands up to his face, and the brush of his lips on Steve’s fingers send shudders through Steve’s spine. “I’ve got you, Steve,” he whispers into the back of Steve’s hand, “I can’t wait one more second to have you.”
Thank you to Ria Rose and Succubus Kayko and JehBeeEh for beta, guys I can't do it without you thank you soooo much <3<3<3
He lets go of Tony’s hand reluctantly because unfortunately Tony needs both of his hands to open the bottle of wine, and takes a sip of his glass right after Tony pours the drink, which tastes more like a $200 bottle rather than a  $2 one.
The title of the fic and the chapters are from
He is being polite, right? There is no way that this creature, this body, those lips, that ingenious first-time-ever blowjob, is not after Tony’s gratitude. That just can’t be, or at least, it has never been like that for Tony, ever.
and there is no doubt in Tony’s mind that Captain Rogers will have no problems understanding how Ty has had no choice but to break Tony’s fingers.
And Steve will never get to tell him how much he loves him.
“The versatility really. Cooking at a professional level
Steve’s hurting, obviously, and Tony knows that he needs to say something, reassuring or comforting,
“Blueberries.” He sounds wrong and ragged, and considering the situation, this is an insanely ridiculous first thing to say to a bunch of new people who are worried for him, for no apparent reason, but someone is making cookies and he gets to choose blueberries. He can’t really smile but he can feel something warm running under his skin and he is not shivering anymore.
Tony smiles and nods, before rubbing his eyes and messing up his hair. “I’m exhausted and a little woozy, I think the stress is catching up with me.”
even if he is going nuts by the sheer embarrassment of the whole deal. Ton--Iron Man is happy to
, Commander Barton. It’s not a furnace where you just add more coal.” Tony shifts in his seat from across the room and shakes his head. “Instead of working on hilarious solutions, could we please have detailed information on the number of crew and passengers and a diagram of their acceleration toward the event horizon?”
“Mr. Grant?” He gestures to a vague space behind Steve, without looking at him as he steps in, tapping on his tablet rather frantically. “Did you want to sit down?”
over. Barnes was coming to get Steve and Tony would be left to grieve something that was never going to happen anyway.
Tony smiles with the warmth that the idea of doing things with Steve brings him. It’s a sweet dream to have, that they will still do things together after they are out of here, and Tony doesn’t have to be rational about it right at this moment. He can pretend to be dreaming maybe, it’s still early and he is still sleepy enough so he can close his eyes and dream about a life with Steve outside of the walls of Four Season’s most expensive suite, which they are donating the money for - dollar for dollar matched by Four Seasons - thanks to Steve.
There is a
Dr. Stark nods back, puts his tablet on the stand near the door, and smiles. “I’ll need to check your penis now, to examine its physical appearance.” He then takes a step forward and kneels in front of Steve, obviously to do as he said,
“You’re too good to pass, baby,” he says, pausing to be able to form words, “just loose and warm and ready to be fucked, as soon as I look at you.”
“Okay, I hear you, and I agree with you. How about I get the hotel to let me donate the money on their behalf? To the cause of helping people in hardship during self-isolation?”
“It was… brand new. Top quality, and expensive,” Steve says, gritting his teeth. “I might look like the most stupid person in the world right now, Dr. Stark, but I certainly am not
“I’ve been reading a bit.”
such a big bulky puppy, Tony thinks as he runs his fingers through Steve’s hair; he is genuine and raw and surprisingly strong inside and out but gets flustered in a heartbeat over working out the coffee machine and shows his blushing belly, in the most endearing way possible, as soon as Tony brushes his lips under his chin.
to the shops and see people passing by when you look out of the window.
Captain Rogers wipes his eyes with his hands and takes a deep breath. He is not laughing anymore but his voice is still ringing with happiness. “They do send things. By mail, as I have not agreed to receive emails yet. There have  been stories about Stark Industries weapons in them too but not this particular one.”
but that seems too much of a far reach in  this  situation. Captain Rogers doesn’t seem to be taking Tony back to hand him over to Ty, at least not right now, and the hope  of that never happening, is too sweet to tamper with. It’s stupid but part of him thinks that maybe if he doesn’t say anything, he might actually have enough time on the outside to get his hands on a phone and call Rhodey before Captain Rogers changes his mind.
There are new flowers along the side of the road, so he picks some as he comes back from his morning run. He yells at everyone to do laundry because the whole compound smells like sweat and spit after so many days of non-stop running around. He finds clean sheets in the linen closet at the back of the main living room, the same place they used to be two years ago, and changes everyone’s sheets, even if it means that he has to drag Thor off of his bed with the dirty beddings. He cooks a pot of spaghetti bolognese because
listening, I swear, and I’m kinda lost here, but I promise it doesn’t make a difference. You were in a plane crash, so what? I was tortured in a cave with my heart hooked to a car battery. And you have nightmares, big deal, so do I. Am I supposed to let you go for that? For anything?”
Knowing that, however, doesn’t stop Tony from picturing Ty at the threshold of this floor of Captain Rogers's house, all smiles and charming, assuring everyone in the room that
“Sit here.”
“I thought you left the armed forces ages ago, Captain Rogers. Do they send you a monthly newspaper with updates on the weapons industry? Does it come by post every 3rd Wednesday of the month? Or do they send emails these days?” Tony is usually
Steve knows that for a fact. He wants, more than anything he has ever wanted, to give his heart and soul and whatever else is left of him to Tony. He wants to be Tony’s in every possible way and it’s not even the slightest bit crazy, because Steve knows, with every fiber of his being, that being held in Tony’s arms is the closest his life will ever get to ‘la vie en rose’.
“There was something on the wall that I’d never seen in a hospital room, and for a second I wondered if I’d died but ended up in a hospital in heaven. It was too thin and too vivid to be a television, and too small for a movie screen, but it got me hooked, instantly. I was mesmerized by the slick lines and shining colors of a flying suit of armor.  I got so fascinated with the smooth glide of it through the New York Skyline that I almost didn’t notice the Empire State Building being surrounded by skyscrapers.”
The dim glow of the table lamp does not extend inside the bathroom and feeling for the switch on the wall behind through the blinding pain in his ribcage is a damn struggle. He tries to breathe through the pain, even if the air refuses to go in and hurts to come out, and has to lean gainst the door in preparation to see what’s now hidden in the dark.
“My presence is vital for saving these civilians, and there is no real difference between the danger I’ll be exposed to compared to you.”
He sits on the edge of the bed, awkwardly straight, and Tony’s heart starts to shake in his chest. The warmth spreads under his skin, spilling into his head and his thoughts race one another, so fast that it’s impossible to collect and rearrange them in order. Mr. Murdock is the best in the field of runaway omegas, apparently, and he’ll be here
Tony’s efforts to stay still finally fail when Steve nibbles at his stomach. He blinks at the sight of Steve going down on his knees, between Tony’s legs, and he opens and closes his mouth in hopes for some meaningful words which obviously don’t exist.
It’s not busy, per se, because Saturday night is better spent on many other things, including going on dates and kissing people you love, but the few people who do come in are usually harder to deal with, because, well... many different reasons.
have one? A celebrity crush?” he says lightly, before pulling forward just a little bit to press his face to the warmth of Steve’s chest.
"With you."
Steve dials into his voice mail and listens to all six of Nat’s messages, which are all exactly the same and It’s probably around the ending of the fifth message that things start to sink in.
Being able to think again should count, Tony tells himself as he wraps his good hand around his broken fingers. He nods, and lifts his chin, as something squeezes low in his belly and a tiny spasm flutters deep inside. He can see it vividly now, what he needs exactly, what he’s been waiting for since he stumbled down the stairs and into the front yard last night, what he’s wanted to do every day and every night, every single second of the past six months that’s he’s spent in between those walls he hates to call home.
Tony was wide awake when Steve finally came back to the bedroom.
“Excuse me? What did you say?” Ty turns on his heels, still holding one of Tony’s hands, and stares at Steve. “You think you’re tough? You think you can tell me what I can or can’t do with my omega?”
Steve takes off Tony’s pants and boxer briefs too, and takes a minute to watch him. He is thinking about the message, obviously, but his eyes are roaming from Tony’s face all the way down to his cock, and hopefully, it’s appropriate to be fully hard right now, so there is an odd chance of Steve checking him out, or so one might hope.
“He is coming?” Steve’s eyes were wide and his cheeks were starting to color. “Two to three days? He is actually coming?”
Drawing the Iron Man armor is one of the most thrilling things Steve does in his life, and he would be happy to draw only the armor for the rest of his life. Putting the charcoal on paper to sketch the man behind the perfectly crafted mask though, that’s just bewildering.
Tony leans forward to kiss Steve’s hair and Steve reaches up to wrap his hands around him. “Iron Man made Mark I in a cave, a fucking cave, held captive at gunpoint. All the brilliance? It’s inside him. It’s his hard work, and never-ending efforts, and his amazing good heart that makes him special. Your guy though-” Steve takes a deep breath “-everything special about your guy, came from a bottle.” And he waits for the creeping shadow of pain, but Tony is hugging his shoulders and the heartache doesn't seem to want to rush back.
Tony’s insides are churning when he presses the elevator button.
We are still discussing the pandemic of the COVID-19 (although I have not mentioned the name so far) so please take care of yourself and don't read this fic if you don't want to be exposed to it.
“The court will place him in one of the omega welfare centres across the state, for however long it takes for the domestic violence case to be finalized.” Which could take years, Tony knows for a fact, if it ever gets there when the alpha is reluctant, unlike an alpha-initiated unbonding that takes exactly 10 days in most courts across California. “The centers are in desperate need of an upgrade but never get priority in the state budget for obvious reasons. Some are remote, some don’t have proper security.” He runs his fingers on the Braille display again, still facing Tony and his lips turn into a sad smile. “There have been a few cases of omegas being taken from these centers. One of my clients ended up dropping all charges a couple of days after
Steve tries to say something too. He tries to reach over and touch Tony because he really absolutely wants to, but the connection between his brain and his body seems to be malfunctioning. He knows what he needs to do, at least in theory. He has thought about this so many times, and although he will never admit to
Nat helps with putting on the white Army shirt that is suspiciously small but still too large for Tony that the neckline hangs off one of his shoulders. She also pulls and ties the string of the charcoal sweatpants as tightly as possible but Tony has to hold on to keep them on anyway.
There is also mentions of heats and body fluids but like once.
“If I had more time,” Captain Rogers says and puts his hands back on the steering wheel, “I could’ve hired a team of lawyers to spend hundreds of hours.” He glances at Tony quickly before focusing back on the road. “But I don’t think they could’ve come up with something better, if they did come up with anything at all.”
“Hey, gorgeous. Can’t believe you’re finally home.”
The fourth beer comes quite unexpectedly, from a guy Steve had not spotted before. He can usually tell if people are watching him, even if they are not in his line of sight, but he had not seen this guy, not before the bartender puts the beer in front of him. Steve turns to the direction the bartender points to and the guy raises his glass, nods, and wow, smiles.
Steve blushes at a dirty joke, giggles and blushes a bit more, embarrassed from giggling and blushing in the first place. Tony smiles at the whole show Steve’s got going on and lays a reassuring hand on Steve’s shoulder. Steve’s body freezes for a second, and he feels numb from the touch before something starts to burn through his left shoulder down to his chest and set his whole body on fire.
“Always a thrill to meet a fan, Steve. I’m glad you like my StarkLits.”
“I don’t think I can say no to that then.” Steve smiles and starts to rub Tony’s spine. “It’s kinda hot you know,” he says, and his hand comes up to rest on Tony’s nape, “to be able to wash your dishes.”
Love songs are stupid.
am the poor assistant who has to be here prying clothes out of his iron fists, because he thinks it’s okay to wear a tan suit and a light green shirt to the Columbia Children’s Hospital Christmas Gala.”
Steve is not sure about what happens next exactly. He remembers being held tight and kissed as they pay for their drinks, walk out of the back door, and into a hotel lobby that is apparently right behind the dingy bar. He remembers the hand that’s wrapped around his waist the whole time, as Tony talks to the hotel reception and the amazing feeling of Tony’s body pressing him onto the elevator mirror all the way up to level one hundred and fifty-something.
Tony is breathing softly and his body is pressing against Steve’s, firm and solid. He had stayed, holding Steve through the night, and that calms Steve down a little. He takes a deep breath and then another one. It will be fine. Well, mostly.
“So please don’t take this the wrong way, but I’ll be damned if I don’t ask and I will kick myself to oblivion if I do anything without being sure, so, here we go… is this your first time with a guy?”
and I am sorry the first song was not intentionally 'It's been a long, long time' okay? <3
The omega moves his head, slowly, and looks at Steve. He then smiles insanely wider than before and his too innocent, too out-of-it face breaks Steve’s heart a little.
They have dinner together, as no one’s available to hassle Tony on the phone. It goes mostly in silence though, because Tony is exhausted and Steve apparently finds it impolite to speak as he eats. Tony makes another mental note to make sure he spends some time - without food - with Steve tomorrow, and smiles to hide his disappointment when Steve stands up to clear his plate and go to bed, at 6:45 PM.
And in case it's not obvious the idea of Steve calling the president comes from my beloved sabre in
Tony then helps Steve up and into the bed. He has no intention of leaving, but the way Steve holds on to his hand after he lies down, and just does not let go, breaks Tony’s heart into a thousand butterflies.
Thank you so much, to all of you people who are reading this, I appreciate your support and I really hope this brings a bit of joy to your heart in the difficult time we are all going through.
“I was not blushing,” Steve says as he pouts, half teasing and half disappointed.
“For being so damn selfish, as usual.”
Steve freezes for a second, staring at the sketchbook he is doodling in, before he turns on his side to face Tony, slowly. “Excuse me?”
That’s it.
“Figure out what your lover is spelling on a body part of yours with their tongue.” Steve reads in a singsong tone and places a hand on Tony’s stomach.
Steve’s lips twitch and his face twists, as if an old pain is stabbing at him. “There is no way that things would fit so perfectly for me, Tony. There is no way that I could have someone who can put me to sleep magically, and keep my nightmares away too. Someone who knows my song by heart, and talks about my stupid ass jumping on a grenade like it’s an extraordinary thing to want to save people? Who steals
Tony’s fingers run down Steve’s neck and rest on his back. “I don’t mind, not the slightest bit. If this is what makes you happy, dear.”
Counting like that makes Tony realize that one thousand is not enough. Not even barely there. Five thousand maybe? Ten? How many times would he have touched Steve after a lifetime? A lot. He doesn’t want to count. He can go without knowing, with keeping it open and hopeful as long as it comes to Steve.
“I guess you’re just
Tony’s eyes soften. “Okay. Tell me.”
and there is a calming ring to her words. “Please do. I am starving. I need cookies.” Clint kisses her hair again and then looks at Tony and his eyes smile. “We could all use some cookies. What is your favorite Tony?”
He should start talking now. He should reason or plead. He should even beg, although he never has before, because he just can’t go back. It's just not an option anymore. He has come so far, he is almost out, he can’t let it slip away like this.
“Here, I think you need to drink something sweet now. Doctor’s orders.” and for the first time since the minor incident in the damn living room back in Scarsdale, he smiles and it’s pathetic and stupid but apparently Tony’s heart is not too badly hurt for a flip flop.
I'm back with another long chapter and I hope you enjoy it :)
Nat’s voice is soft,
‘keeping’ the nutcase ‘contained’, YOU NUTCASE!”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony lets go of Steve’s hand and walks to the sound system on the shelf under the TV to turn it on. The lights are dimmed, flickering if you pay enough attention, as Tony had set them to the candlelight mode. You don’t need candles to have a candlelit room these days, and Steve can’t complain; the smell of blown-out candles reminds him of late nights, shivering from cold in the army tents, waiting for the enemy bombers to fly past.
(See the end of the chapter for
He can’t stay here.
“Blueberries it is then.” and he nods to Tony again. “Sam? Any chance you can make some of your famous PBJ?”
here-” Steve emphasizes the name, just to see the tic in the corner of the alpha’s eyes, “-is in no condition to make this decision. I suggest that you hold it off for tonight, and come back some other—”
“It would be great to have a superpower that makes you not need food, I am kinda jealous. But it’s great that someone can make you eat, even if it’s by threatening to kill you. I already like Ms. Potts, very much.” Steve says, lightly, as he contemplates eating one more peanut butter sandwich.
And love is bullshit.
He doesn’t know.
Steve pulls the covers over them and tucks Tony in. “Well, tell me, already! Dead or alive, who do I need to actually be jealous of?”
Steve turned towards the sea before Tony could work out what the wrinkle in his forehead meant. The sudden shift made Steve's oversized shirt slide down a little further and the sight of the bite mark on Steve’s neck made Tony’s heart clench. The scent of Steve’s skin, the warmth of his breath, the memory of his fingers digging into Tony’s sides, filled Tony’s head and a teardrop fled from one eye before he squeezed them shut. The desire for this delicate, wonderful human coursed through Tony’s veins, not that the flame had ever gone completely out, since that first time he set eyes on him. Shame followed as always, making Tony loathe his entire being for thinking that way about Steve, who did not deserve any of this. He balled his fists and pressed them firmly into his thighs, to keep his desperate fingers from touching the bite mark. He was better than this. He could keep it together a bit longer.
The air in the room stills and becomes heavy for a second. Steve waits, holding his breath, his nails digging into his palms, waiting for a chuckle or a grin, a few condescending words at least, but none of those happens.
“It’s okay Steve. I’ve decided to trust you. For the same reason you’ve decided to trust me with-- with you, I’ve decided to trust you. With all of me.”
“I want you to… I want to…” He wants Tony. He is close, so close, but not nearly enough and that’s the only thing Steve wants.
Tony looks at his reflection in the mirror. There are absolutely no marks around his eyes, haven’t been at least for the past four  months, but applying the concealer under his eyes has now become a pleasant routine. Something to hold on to; something to control.
Steve rests his chin on his hands to keep them busy. “I get it. And it’s not pathetic, it’s just an unfair advantage he’s exploiting to the fullest. I’m sorry.”
They step onto the balcony, Steve’s heart beating so violently that he wonders if Tony can hear it. Tony holds on to Steve’s hands, explaining yet another time, that the exterior heater will keep Steve warm at higher altitudes, and the automatic harness mechanism will catch him in the rare case of the arms malfunctioning, like Steve would ever worry that Tony might drop him in the middle of the ocean. He does his best to focus on Tony’s instructions, reminding himself that the fate of the world is in their hands, but he’s about to fly with Iron Man, for God’s sake, and he gets to be slightly, or completely, distracted.
Steve wipes his eyes, as he’s apparently crying for real. “Okay I will,” he rasps, clutching Tony’s hand. “I just don’t want you to die before knowing that I will die without you.”
This is the third T-shirt he’s tried on and for some reason, all of his clothes look unflattering this afternoon. He has not been this nervous about how he looks for many many years and even then he never had to pick an outfit, as he would always wear his uniform anyway.
seems to be the turning point; a perfect queue for what needs to come next. It’s Steve’s alarm clock going off and he needs to wake up from this fairy tale any minute now. It’s not like he doesn’t want to wake up and face the reality, he does, he absolutely does. It’s just that he can’t work out the logistics. He can’t strategize. He just doesn’t know how to.
He closes his eyes, as Tony’s fingers brush over his neck and caress his cheeks, tilting his head, just a little, and his lips are on Tony’s. Tony kisses him, his tongue touching Steve's lips and Steve opens up and lets him in, losing himself in the sensation. Tony's feet curl around Steve's as they taste each other and Steve's hand laces into Tony's hair. He can’t quite believe it, but he has
So sorry for all the angst, comfort is close, very very close I promise!
“Thanks for keeping an eye on my
Steve sighs at the sight of untouched sandwiches on the dining table, surprised that Tony could go without food for so many hours. He pours a cup of coffee, piles a plate with sandwiches, and it takes a lot of willpower not to kiss Tony’s hair when his eyes sparkle and his mouth moves in a silent ‘thank you’.
The whole situation feels very, very wrong.
The song on the radio is
“Yeah,” Steve says, taking a step back, suddenly aware that he’s standing too close to Tony, “I guess I should’ve known.” The words twist in his brain and slip over his tongue. “Of course, you don’t count being groped like that a big deal.”
“We’re whatever you want us to be, Steve,” And he forces a smile because hopefully, this can mean many things in many contexts.
Steve thinks about the way Tony had shown him, a perfect stranger, heaven this morning without even suggesting that Steve should do something in return. Steve has not done any of it before, true, but he is sure as hell that this is
“I need you to...” Captain Rogers says, as the turn signal starts to tick, “I need—”
“Both.” Steve shrugs. “With you--I can do both.”
“Slap or spank?”
“That’s it, I think you’re ready.”
“You would look perfect, you know, wearing an apron,” he whispers in Steve’s ear, the blow of his warm breath making the hair stand on the back of Steve’s neck. “Just the apron, with a tiny little knot at the back. God, I can’t believe I missed out on that sight.” He takes a deep breath as if he is imagining Steve’s naked body from behind and the idea burns a blend of shame and thrill through Steve’s neck all the way to the pit of his belly. He takes a deep breath, holding on to the edge of the sink to keep steady, as Tony runs his hands on his chest and has to bite his lip as Tony’s fingers brush over his nipples.
with his bread and butter, and ignores the fact that he actually knows why his throat is suddenly so parched.
“It’s too late, babe. He might be asleep by the time you come back. I might have a few things lying around here somewhere … but I don’t imagine Tony fancies wearing my floral summer dress.” And she smiles again.
Steve falls asleep as the first rays of dawn paint the sky, slouched in the chair by the window with his head on the desk, and wakes up to the first footsteps that echo in the hallway, excruciating pain racking through his body that he brushes off to the extra miles he’d run the day before.
Together.
*****Spoiler Warnings*****
The doctor’s gaze slides back up and finally reaches Steve’s face. A fresh rush of shame swirls in Steve’s gut, and heats his cheeks, which means he is blushing all over again and he fidgets and dips his knees, hoping to cover the way his cock twitches, but it’s hopeless and too late. The wet patch on the front of the gown is getting even bigger; not that Steve’s going to look at the damn thing.
And he is kissing Tony’s fingers right now.
What is it that he can help with? A lot, or very little, depending on who asks and the angle they’ll look from but Tony’s still a little too hazy to figure that out. It’s all a lot, too much, and he’s too fucking overwhelmed to grasp anything at the moment.
“I’m sorry sweetheart, I should’ve told you earlier, but we got busy with… well, everything.” Tony swallows and takes a deep breath. “It’s not something you expect to hear from a guy you hooked up and happened to end up self-isolating with. That he is, you know, the Tin Man.”
Tony takes a deep breath.
He is fascinated by this guy’s eyes and his jokes and the most beautiful laugh he has ever heard, but it’s not just that. There is something about sitting here and blushing shyly that feels right. It feels to have been decided for him by a greater power, somehow, that had brought him to this bar randomly and had made him stick around even after the disastrous approach from that previous douche bag. Not that Steve wants to get spiritual about meeting a sexy man, but he feels like he's been waiting for this for so long, for eternity maybe.
Right before he walks into the buzz of the engineering room.
Steve can’t quite remember anything that must have happened between 11 AM when he had run out of the ER treatment room to get to the ORs and now, that’s two in the morning according to the clock on the wall. All that he knows is Tony is not in this room. That he might still be in an operation room fighting, or worse
Tony grumbles but doesn’t move. He looks pale and a little sweaty and Steve’s heart suddenly drops, because fuck, fuck, fuck, there is a good chance that the jerk would drag the omega’s ass to another tattoo shop, right this second. The one around the corner is open 24/7 and Andrew’s almost always stoned so he wouldn’t be able to care about any of this.
Tony is still wide awake when Captain Rogers shows up at the door and knocks as if Tony gets a choice to let him in or not.
Steve doesn’t seem offended but he doesn’t seem that impressed either. He clenches his jaw a little and folds his arms over his chest and the urge to kiss that strong jawline coils low in Tony’s belly.
Steve snaps his mouth closed - it always falls open when Tony starts to talk - and looks back at Ms. Romanoff. “How much time do we have?”
“I don’t know, Iron Man, I think I kinda liked doing it in a back alley?” Steve envelopes Tony in his arms and breathes in the coconut scent of his shower damp hair.
“I know, I see it, this is completely crazy. We haven’t even done the sex thing properly, and I am so sorry, but I want to do … that, God, Steve, I want to do everything with you.”
Steve does his best to focus on other things.
Tony shook his head and grimaced.
“You are not a burden, Steve.” Tony sounded angrier than he'd hoped but not as angry as he actually felt. “Don’t you dare say something like that about yourself. Having you breathe under the same roof is an honor anyone should be damn glad to have.” Tony hadn't meant to say that. “You are brave and selfless, and you carry more than your own weight at all times.” He certainly hadn't meant to step so close to Steve either, but he couldn’t seem to remember why he'd walked across the room, or how it had happened so quickly. “Whatever I did, the bonding, the lousy bed for you to sleep on instead of that stinky hospital one, the warm felt coat you did not even consider wearing, they’re nothing compared to the angel you are inside. You’re not a burden. You… you...”
on YouTube, if you wanted to listen to them all :)
Steve’s heart might burst into pieces any second now. “I...” he rasps, his mouth dry and his head light, and he knows that he has to say the words, that’s how it’s been and that’s how it always will be. He has to say it with
Tony would love to flatter himself and pretend that it’s the miracle work of his fingers that are making Steve unwind like this, which most probably is not true. It’s an amazing sight though, and Tony makes a note to himself: Steve looks equally perfect standing at parade rest as he does most of the time, or at ease like right now, as if he hasn’t a care in the world.
if you wanted to take a look :)
Tonight, however, Ty does not get to close the loop or complete the cycle or whatever made-up psychological shit terms he loves to use to theorize what he does and part of Tony is thrilled by this minor victory. The other part, however, is too tired to win anything. He just wants to close his eyes, lay his head on Ty’s chest and fall asleep.
No one should trust anything with Tony, as Pepper just stated on the phone, but for some reason absolutely beyond him, someone has decided to do exactly that, and there is no way in hell that Tony can betray Steve’s trust. Nope. None.
Steve’s not better himself. Tony’s need is multiplying inside Steve, washing him over, drowning him. There is a howling beast inside his chest that acts on instinct, gathering Tony into his arms and laying him on the cushioned seats. It’s not Steve who decides to take off all Tony’s clothes and kiss every inch of his perfect, beautiful body, or to suck on his neck and bite his nipples until Tony’s marked and bruised all over. To kiss his lips, touch his hair, squeeze his hips with so much force, he had no idea he possessed before this.
“I would have called Bucky,” Steve says matter-of-factly, “and he’d show up in about, well, 20 minutes to two hours depending on traffic, to save my neck.”
“Of course, anything about the new engines. Part of the job, I guess, to know as much as possible about the ship I command.”
Tony looks up, so quickly that a stabbing pain cuts through his back, and he blinks at Mr. Murdock. He doesn’t know what’s supposed to be right, obviously, because he’s been lost inside his
He does finally come apart. With Tony’s finger sliding out and pressing in gently a couple more times, and his hand sliding over Steve’s cock in perfectly timed strokes, between Tony’s kisses and the words that make no sense but feel like kisses to Steve’s soul, when Tony’s finger enters Steve one last time,  a flash of lightning burns Steve’s core and he falls from the edge into the land of mystery in blazing trails of magical fireworks.
As Steve brushed his lips over Tony’s neck, Tony tried to stop thinking about Bucky. He even managed, for a few minutes as Steve worked his way down his throat and over to the scars on his chest. It was after Steve had gripped his back and pulled him in, waves of pleasure slowing Tony’s mind and setting his body on fire, that flashing images of the fantasy came back.
his hole gaping, the thing Steve’s wanted for so long, definitely not like this, but still, and it’s just fantastic and shattering at the same time, too much, that Steve doesn’t know if he wants to cry or yell or something else, he has no idea what.
him in bed and looking slightly upset because of it. That’s all in his head obviously, because why would Tony actually miss Steve? They’ve known each other for five seconds and Steve’s already been enough trouble for a lifetime. It’s not like he is Steve’s boyfriend or anything.
any of that. What he does know is that being homeless is quite low on his list of options and it’s hopefully not what Captain Rogers has dragged him here to bring to his attention.
“But that’s not right.” Captain Rogers looks at Tony, finally, and narrows his eyes. “What should an omega in Tony’s situation do?”
. The word has such a nice ring to it though, and Steve allows himself to think about it for a few more seconds, before shaking his head again, this time to push the fuzzy happiness fog away. “I'm sorry, you're kinda loud on the phone, and I have nothing else to do, except for summing up the numbers you shout all day.”
So that happened :))
Steve doesn’t seem to mind though. He takes the sweat pants, couple of t-shirts, and the change of underwear to his ‘room’ because Tony
The sugar water had not saved that tiny red and gold butterfly with a torn wing that cold spring morning all those years ago, and even Jarvis is not around anymore to hold Tony in his arms so he can at least cry for failing to find a way to save his not-yet-born but already too-badly-hurt butterfly.
he might have made a few lists in some of his notebooks. Right now, however, all he can do is immerse himself in the touches and kisses and words and blush, God, all over his almost naked body.
The world stands still and Steve’s heart stops.
“He’s an O, Steve,” Clint says as he walks past to sit on a chair, “Omegas should be treated more gently.”
? Great job, Tony, we secured another deal with the Navy! How many did you push in the market, Ty? 60,000 ? The one thing ... the only thing … I optimised the bullet penetration for the … civilians? So the guns kill the kids better in mass shootings?!”
“It’s about…”
Steve holds onto Tony’s shoulder and watches the wave in his hair with every slow move, his mind spiraling in countless spins, away from Tony and back to him, over and over and over again.
Tony cries out loud and digs his nails into Captain Rogers’ forearm; not once but twice. Nat’s fingers draw gentle soothing circles on his back and wipe his tears before anyone can see them as Bruce realigns each finger before splinting each one to the one next to it. And it might be the sweat drops on Bruce’s forehead or the way Captain Rogers’ scent is all wood and leaf again or maybe he just feels the pain more drastically, now that he doesn’t fear for his life, but despite many deep breaths and all his efforts to stay calm, this hurts more. Much, much more.
‘Oh, please be around all the time’ is what Tony wants to say, but he decides against it at the last beat. “This is a four-bedroom penthouse Steve, there’s plenty of space. I’ll need to do a lot of work so I’ll be stuck at my soon-to-arrive StarkPad and sketches for long periods, but I’m a hoot to be around. Well mostly, and it depends on who you ask and at what time, but I stand by that statement.”
Tony doesn’t love Steve. Hell, he doesn’t even like Steve. They’re just fuckbuddies, for God’s sake and Steve has to stop being so sappy about it.
“The purple freak was
“I’m sorry, sweetheart, do you wanna sit down? Do you want some water?”
“So you’re saying I can’t pretend to be Captain America?” Steve says as he turns to face Tony.
Here is the
on Tumblr, come talk to me :)
“So let’s try with music. Just as we did now, with the beats of the song.”
Like he can move an inch from here, Tony thinks, as the scent and the colors and the deep gentle voice fade. Like he’s got an ounce of power left to lift a finger, even if he tries his best. He’s just empty, like a wrinkled deflated balloon, a void, a small piece of nothing wrapped in a small battered shell.
Captain Rogers looks up at them as they come down the spiraling stairs, Tony's fingers clutched in Ty's hand, then looks down quickly, as if he's been bitten by something. His eyes trail away to find the stupidly large sculpture on the walnut table in the middle of the foyer, following the eternal movement of the Two Toned Moon, before he finally looks back at them when they reach the bottom of the stairs.
The way he is caressing Tony’s body and his soul right at the same fraction of a second, pushing him over the edge, out of existence and into a pool of quantum particles.
This is the
He stares at the mirror as the light comes on, but he can’t quite recognize the omega who’s looking back at him. No one’s eyes could possibly be that lifeless and God, that face cannot belong to him, no chance in hell, because Tony’s skin is never that pale, even when he
The door to the examination room opens with a dreadful screech, and Steve turns on his heels to watch the unexpectedly young doctor walk in.
by Naomi Scott.
Commander Tony Stark spends so much time in the engineering room that it’s almost impossible to run into him anywhere else. He shows up to the cafeteria from time to time very late at night, his eyes fixated on his PADD, and attends the gym, well, never. Under normal circumstances, it’s crucial to ensure that the crew get balanced hours and do social activities to prevent burn-out and keep morale high. But these are not normal circumstances, not at all, which makes it justified for Steve to turn a blind eye.
“Get your ass off the fucking door, Rogers,” comes Tony’s voice from the other side of the door and a knot in Steve’s chest goes loose.
“Now you come forward, one, two, and back, one, two, wow amazing, Steve, look at you.” Tony sounds genuinely proud and the admiration in his tone spills like a warm wave into Steve’s chest.
There is no Tony Stark shaped hole where Steve's soul used to be.
He starts to pull up his pants with one hand, as soon as his feet reach the floor, and slaps Steve’s chest with his other one to push him away. Steve goes, still a little fuzzy, and his back hits the large filing cabinet.
“I think I should talk to Mr. O’Connell," Steve said quietly over the wind, “and tell him that I will be leaving soon. He believes I would stick around for a good few months while you are overseeing the installation of the disappearing gun in the fort.” Steve was looking at something high up in the sky and Tony was aching to watch the reflection of the light in his eyes. “I have to say goodbye to Emily and Robert in Quarantine Building 2, and gosh, a ship just arrived an hour ago, so I should go help with the second-class passengers. The number of passengers sick with the flu has fallen a lot in the past month but the full procedures of quarantine, disinfection of luggage, and bathing are to be followed fully nevertheless. I will come back to the barracks later in the evening. I… should…”
Things get even more blurry after that. Tony strips out of his clothes except for his briefs and lies next to Steve. His hands and lips are back on Steve’s body as he wraps his feet around Steve’s. The words that he whispers don’t quite register anymore, but they are doing magic to Steve’s nerves because he feels calm and liberated. He doesn’t try to control his hands anymore. He just wraps them around Tony and lets go, of the embarrassment, the cold, the anger, the pain, and the sorrow.
“Well, let me tell you this, you are missing out big time and you should absolutely get bonded. This is definitely something you want.” Ty turns his head to Tony as he gently turns his head toward himself. He looks into Tony’s eyes and his gaze and smile are so familiar and so safe.
Part of Tony is mesmerized by the way they seem to fit together, like perfectly oiled parts of a hypothetical machine. The other part though is still shocked and shaken by the way Captain Rogers has crushed a glass in his bare hands and does not even need a fucking band-aid.
Steve smiles and ignores the way his heart does a happy dance as he watches Tony going through his food. “I was worried you’d have something illegal on you too. I would never have called the police, it was a bluff to begin with.”
“I want to make you feel good, Tony. I just want you to feel good.”
“Not allergic. I… I think… I am pregnant.”
“I... ” Steve tries, but words are tough to get out with the way his head is swimming, “I… me…” he struggles as Tony goes deeper and deeper, every point of contact morphing into a pleasant source of stimulation.
I finally know how this is going to end and I am so so so excited for the rest of the journey, now that we are officially 2/3rd through!
Steve’s head spins as Dr. Stark traces a line over each of Steve’s balls. This is not uncomfortable, not really, but Dr. Stark’s fingers cupping and rolling his balls is not helping the situation in his ass, and he can’t help but let out a muffled cry, as he tries to hold back the hot waves of extreme arousal and horrible embarrassment.
Tony steps forward and tries to smile even if his face feels numb at the moment. “There is a Mark LI too, but yes, Steve, yes and yes. It was all me. It
Steve takes a deep breath to calm himself but Tony's dizzying scent is all that he can smell. “I’ll do that,” he says, nodding quickly. “Thank you for the tour.” He walks a few steps backward. “I’ll medical bay. Go. I’ll now bay to medical. Now.”
Steve squints at the TV screen as he reads the question. “Which movie star would you really want to have sex with?”
that it was just his imagination
He totally has not got this.
“Hey, hey why?” Tony asks, his face turning serious in a heartbeat, the way he usually gets when Steve seems to be crawling out of his skin, and Steve wants to hug him tight right now and never let him go.
“I think we are really lucky tonight,” Bruce says as he finally looks up. “The fingers are not broken either. Just dislocated.” He gently touches a point in between Tony’s two middle fingers. “I am gonna give you a shot of Bupivacaine, here. It should be a very minor sting but the local anesthesia helps with the pain as I realign your fingers.”
feeling better, that’s for sure, because despite the rush of fear that makes his toes go numb and the hair on his neck stand on end, he’s ready for what inevitably comes when he dares to answer a question with something other than the exactly expected.
, into the bed. He has been playing with Tony’s hair, kissing his neck, pressing Tony’s back to his chest and Tony has been fighting with himself for the past half an hour until he has finally given in, turned, and tried to touch Steve.
“Please, Tony,” Steve tries miserably, surprised that he is capable of forming words, “please, I want--” He doesn’t know how to move on from that though, and he stutters. He doesn’t know what he wants, let alone how to put it into words, he just knows that he wants, more than he's ever wanted anything in his life.
He then looks at Ty, and thank God, Ty smiles as he lifts Tony’s hand from his knee and places a kiss on the back of it.
Tony looks at himself in the mirror again. He runs a hand over his slicked hair, straightens the tie pin, and lets go of the edge of the dresser.
Tony is not yelling at Pepper.
Steve takes a deep breath, and slides Tony off his chest, as gently as he possibly can, and despite the lifted weight, it's harder to breathe suddenly. Steve has to get away though. He has to put a distance between them, at least a few feet because he is an inch from waking Tony up and blurting out all the things he can't begin to imagine saying out loud.
“I’m sorry,” he mutters under his breath and forces himself to open his eyes, right in time, just as Dr. Stark tilts his head to look at him.
“Your turn, celebrity banger,” Steve says, but he keeps his palm on Tony’s chest a moment longer, staring into his eyes, and something warm spills from his hand onto Tony’s heart and spreads all the way down to his toes.
The guy with glasses, Bruce, unfastens what is actually the cuff of a blood pressure monitor and rolls Tony’s sleeve down. Tony looks at him, then at the bloody sleeve of his shirt and realizes that he is not wearing his jacket anymore. He is suddenly aware of the fact that he is too dusty and too bloody to be lying on a nice clean bed and a lump starts to build in his throat.
“I do,” Steve says, a bit shakier than he thought he would sound, as he reaches for Tony’s fingers and wraps his hand around them. ‘
“I know about the NDA too. It’s fine, I'll sign as many as your legal department wants me to. You can bring them up whenever you get them. It’s okay. I understand.”
Steve pulls the covers over them and tucks Tony in. “I don’t want anything to happen to your heart.” He brushes his lips over Tony’s hair, pressing him in, as he closes his eyes. “I love you,” he whispers, before falling into a dreamless, deep sleep.
Tony blushes and hides his face in Steve’s chest. “Jeeze, Captain, you’ll give me a heart attack if you keep talking like  this.” and the way his voice shakes slightly, makes Steve’s heart do a silent happy dance.
He doesn’t hate this. He is not even ashamed of it. He doesn’t want to hide anymore.
“A proper date ha? Like burgers and movies?” He asks, and his heart fills with something extremely gooey as he imagines walking out of Tom’s Restaurant holding Tony’s hand, and throwing popcorn at him to get his attention when he seems to be enjoying the movie too much.
He tries to speak to Tony the second time he drops by his room with a cup of freshly made coffee, but all the rehearsed words run away from him, the moment Tony holds Steve by his waist and rubs his cheek on Steve’s stomach, his goatee tickling Steve’s skin through the fabric of his t-shirt. He tugs Steve down to kiss his nose, and Steve doesn’t even remember what he was going to say when Tony finally lets go of Steve’s fingers a minute or two after he picks up his next video call.
“Spread wide,” Tony says from somewhere near the foot of the bed, and Steve’s legs part of their own violation as if connected to the command in Tony’s voice with an invisible cord, bypassing his brain.
My omega, he told himself, and kissed Steve’s hair.
Maybe it’s the suddenly distinctive Brooklyn accent, or the way his voice cracks when he talks about his
“Again, part of the job,” Steve replies before putting his feet up the console, and it’s only a half-lie.
“Drugs?” Steve starts and leans forward quickly, and damn, just fuck this shit, because the supposedly durable best-quality disaster moves in his ass, which makes Steve dig his fingers into the examination table and shiver a little.
Tony slips into the bathroom, turns the water on and washes his face. As the water is running, he looks at his reflection in the mirror and runs his wet hands over his hair, hoping to get the few curls straightened back into slicked hair. He can’t really remember the last time his hair has been curly. He actually doesn’t remember how he looks without half a bottle of product in his hair.
It could be Bucky in Tony’s place who was being kissed, being touched, being taken away by the pleasure of Steve’s wonderful body and gentle love. All it would take was for Bucky to have been found a couple of years earlier maybe, just before Tony had dared to kiss Steve on that 4th of July afternoon on the rooftop of the tower. What if it was Bucky that day who had clutched Steve’s hand, kissing Steve just as Tony did, feverish and out of breath?
Steve might never get the chance to tell Tony how perfect he is. What if he actually believes that Steve thinks he’s dumber than his AIs? God, what if he thinks that Steve really thinks he’s sloppy and outrageous, or useless for that matter? While what he actually meant to say, through each of those stupid fights what the exact opposite, while it was just a game that was supposed to be over way back, but it just kept going, because Steve was a coward who couldn’t come to terms with having fallen for the most perfect omega in the world.
Tony shoves the rest of the eggs inside his mouth and drinks what’s left in the mug, like a good omega, even if it’s too hard to swallow around the lump that doesn’t go down with food or drink.
Tony looks pale, even under the thick layer of the darker foundation he has been wearing recently. He needs to eat before he hits the point of fainting, but the idea of food spins his head and makes his stomach churn. He holds on to the edge of the dresser, and the idea of their guest
“Steve, lay back, oh God,” someone says, and hands press on his stomach. There is no pain or even the slightest sting, it’s just suddenly cold, and the world’s spinning around Steve. The guys show up in Steve’s line of sight and disappear and Nat keeps touching his forehead and saying words that turn into jumbled noises in Steve’s brain. Something cold and wet is soaking the front of his hospital gown and it’s not like he can’t tell that he’s bleeding quickly; it’s just that he doesn’t care.
Thank you for reading and I hope it was worth the wait 💓 please let me know what you think, kudos and comments are highly appreciated!
“We’ll file an urgent application and considering the extent of the abuse, we should be able to get a temporary bond removal order with no issues,” Mr. Murdock says matter-of-factly, and types something down. “We don’t have to go through months of expensive hearings like many other states, thanks to The Nebula’s Act.”
“We can’t
the way Steve’s still unable to open his eyes and look at Dr. Stark, the way his ass is throbbing and his dick is about to break the Guinness record for being hard. Lucky. Extremely lucky.
There is a trail of red dotting the white carpet between the bed where Captain Rogers was sitting three seconds ago and where he is standing now, across the room with his back pushed against the wall, as if trying to get further away or just out of the room through it.
? As in Tony Stark, himself?”
He didn’t talk much, mostly wrapped up in his constant battle with the demons that seemed to be haunting him restlessly, but would turn into this enthusiastic young spirit, who couldn’t stop talking about the
As if all it takes is to give your all to someone. As if Tony has not been doing so much of that for so fucking long he has absolutely nothing left to keep, let alone give anymore. Like you can be someone’s beginning and they can be your end, because you can’t.
“I promise to eat whatever weird thing you make from the leftovers, and you can make sure I don’t spend too much on things that don’t really matter,” Tony says after a deep breath, the rush of warm air making a line of fire burn down Steve’s neck while Tony’s words become more real, yet more dreamy.
Lying down though, he can definitely do.
Steve wakes up confused, with a vague vibrating sound, and Tony’s voice talking. He opens his eyes, his brain speeding up the waking process, and he sits up in the warm but empty bed as he looks around for Tony.
Captain Roger's face doesn't change when he holds Tony’s cold and sweaty fingers in his. His handshake is firm and steady, not the hesitant way alphas usually shake an omega’s hand, and for whatever stupid reason Tony can’t quite work out, warmth creeps from the tip of his fingers through his chest and all the way to the back of his neck and he does not feel like shivering anymore.
Steve frowns and his eyes become disapproving.
“So now that we love each other,” Tony says nonchalantly, “I think I should ask you on a proper date.”
Steve curls his feet around Tony’s legs and wraps his arm around Tony’s waist. “I am not picky with food really,” he says with a smile, and pulls Tony closer, pressing Tony to his chest.
Tony has been quiet, a little longer than he has planned for. It’s not like he is not interested in the services Homes for Heroes currently provides to veterans to prevent homelessness, because he really is. He has been mentally analyzing a number of SI production lines that could be scaled down and implemented in this upstate facility that will provide on-site job training and employment opportunities for the discharged veterans with no job experience.
Tony panics for a second at the possibility of Steve being part of the considerably large ‘I hate Tony Stark’ clan.
(See the end of the chapter for
by John Legend.
The image goes straight to Tony’s cock, and suddenly, instead of finalizing the list of the essential items he needs from home, all he can think about is Steve. The way he gasps and closes his eyes, the way he had been lost in Tony’s touch and the way he came apart under Tony’s hands.
Tony is confused. Well, true, he has not been exactly following the news in the past six  months but new military weapons are never a big deal in mainstream TV. Captain Rogers looks too serious to be countering Tony’s joke.
They’re not even buddies.
I’m surprised I didn’t see it coming. Or that he didn’t leave the water on or something.” He sighs and breathes a few times, before turning to Steve, and God, his face is so fucking tired. “Look, I’m sorry, I really should not have asked you to come. I think, maybe, you should go if you want to, I'll manage this, somehow, it’s not like—”
He is busy, obviously, and he seems happy the few times he does, in fact, show up at Tony’s door, with random questions about the number of StarkPads SI can refurbish in a week, or to let Tony know that Mr. Osbourne is happy to join the ‘stay at home celebrity video chat’ initiative, as long as Tony gives him a call himself.
“He saved my life, Bucky. Mr. Murdock, his lawyer who’s in charge of all legal deals for his company, stayed here for two weeks and did not leave until he finalized the bonding deed and got my release form from the Department. I would have never seen you again if he had not proposed bonding with me to keep me in Australia.”
Steve doesn’t want to take a step away from Tony. He wants to keep Tony in his arms and smell his hair, hoping, knowing that it will calm him down, just like every unsettled second of the past week, but he hates disturbing Tony more than he already has, with showing up in that bar, with staying here, and being, well, who he actually is.
Like a kitten, Steve thinks, with his dark floppy hair, the way he’s pressing his face into the pillow Steve was sleeping on, making little cute noises as he shuffles against the covers, pushing them aside and turning onto his back.
As if they are boyfriends, Steve thinks, which they are
kind to me, there is no way that I get to keep this. Keep you.” Steve wraps his arms around himself and shivers. “I can’t. I just… can’t lose this. I can’t go back. I wouldn’t know how to survive. I don’t even want to try.”
“Imagine a box on the floor,” Tony says as he places a hand on Steve’s back, “and its four corners,” and he twines the fingers of the other hand into Steve’s, bringing their joint hands up to chest level. “Think you're holding a frame, by its sides. Keep your back straight, there you go.” He smiles wide as Steve does as Tony says and Steve’s heart flutters and flips.
“Yeah, yeah, I believe you.” And he turns to the screen to watch the stripping wheel spin but he is grinning wide and his voice is ringing with something that settles in Tony’s body like an unexpected rain on a New York summer afternoon.
“Handling it? He was digging his fingers on the patch of skin right above your ass, how were you exactly handling it?”
This can’t be right. Sounds more like a joke, to be honest, but with his spinning head and the hollow in his chest, Steve needs to hold on to the one thing he has done well today, even if it’s completely made up, and he’s not imagining this, definitely not, the way Dr. Stark presses gently on his fingers.
It’s a slice of heaven right there and then, even if Steve’s just fine, and his body doesn’t need any special treatment after ‘his first time’. He doesn’t mind being the breakable object for a second, treated like a ‘new bride’ after the first night, and allows his mind to cling to Tony’s promise of the ‘the actual deal’ as soon as they’re ‘home’, when the world is not crashing down anymore.
“I will,” Captain Rogers says, his voice low, different, a little shaky. “I’ll do it right this time,” he adds, and his fingers clutch the steering wheel with more force than before. “I just...can’t… I just can’t let you down.”
“Oh God, that came out all wrong,” and he throws his head back as he laughs, tightening his hold around Tony, so they are both shaking with the power of Steve’s laughter for a few seconds. “I thought the fact that you picked me up from a bar, and we got caught on camera in a public elevator should have been good hints for you,” Steve says in the most endearing way possible, and Tony’s heart fills with some sort of liquid happiness.
“At least we’re far enough from the black hole.” Steve waves his hand and the hologram disappears. “Rescue is a couple of days away and as neither of us eats that much, we can manage with the remaining power and water.”
(See the end of the chapter for
on Tumblr, come talk to me :)
happy to go, not with the sorrow that had filled his eyes as soon as Tony had handed him Barnes’s telegram. It was the lack of joy in every word and every look since that moment and the heartbreaking wistful brush of his lips against Tony’s cheek that were not sitting right with Tony.
And now he might die on Steve. Just like that.
The weight of Ty’s hand as he wraps it around Tony, brings him back to reality. He suddenly becomes aware of his stupid enthusiasm and his sheepish grin so he shuts his mouth, ducks his head and holds his cup with both hands. He is not really worried about the way Ty’s fingers are now digging into his arm, pressure slowly building up and traversing through his body. Captain Rogers witnessing him being
Steve is shaking from head to toe, inside and out, every inch of every nerve exposed and trembling. He can’t hold on to any last bit of composure anymore, any dignity, any decency, provided he had some left, as he comes, falls apart, cries, and keeps trembling and coming and crying, as nothing makes sense, and everything is unreal, except for the tension that is leaving Steve’s body in catastrophic sways of pleasure, so forceful that they might, hopefully, make Steve disappear altogether.
Something changes in the air  as soon as he sets his eyes on Tony, though, and a hint of a smile lingers on the corner of his lips. He enjoys the look of his colors on me, Tony muses and a rush of relief washes him over like a warm summer breeze. It’s completely obvious, the sparkle shining in his eyes, and Tony’s heart does a tiny flip, his stomach churning at the same time, because God, it’s so bad to feel this good about being the reason for that sparkle, that hint of a smile; it’s perfect and horrible, so overwhelming that he wants to cry.
That’s it.
on Tumblr, come talk to me :)
Steve blinks and tilts his head. He starts to shiver, as tears run down his face and that’s it, the last bit of Tony’s resolve to respect this invisible boundary, or
Aside from that, he is absolutely, truly and utterly terrified.
Steve’s head sways and his body drifts like he’s floating down a lazy river on a summer afternoon. Minutes, hours, a century of peaceful bliss, lying in Tony’s arms, as he kisses Steve’s jaw and pets his hair, and holds him close, all the way through it.
“You’ll let me do the dishes, ha?” Steve frowns, and Tony’s heart drops like a stone. “So is it some sort of an honor to be allowed to wash your dishes?”
He can do this though. Not that he has any other choice, between here and SHIELD medical, but he’s got this.
He starts with massaging the lowest part of Steve’s abs, too close to parts down below, and Steve’s dick twitches and pulses, filling his head with images that should not be there at all.
Like always we're discussing the COVID-19 pandemic without mentioning the name so if it's something you don't want to be exposed to, please take care of yourself and don't read this on.
That is definitely what this is and Tony is definitely not Steve’s to keep.
“Please,” Steve finally manages, his voice sounding odd in his own ears, “I do... want you to,” and he closes his eyes, leaning back into Tony’s frame because he is dizzy and light-headed and he can’t hold on anymore.
“Mortified,” Steve says without thinking. “I’m thinking of ways I can disappear from the face of the earth. Or delete my brain, and yours, or something.”
It’s so easy to get used to this.
Steve caresses the back of Tony’s hands and squeezes his fingers. “That’s not what I asked babe, a simple yes or no would do here. Are you interested in doing a scene with me?”
Tony wants to do things to Steve. He wants to sneak Steve into his office and keep him there, holding Steve's fingers as he talks to complete strangers. It’s exactly what he wants to do, Steve thinks through a sudden hazy fog that comes down his brain, and he has to take a deep breath and lean into Tony a little more than he wants to, to keep from flailing. Tony wants to give Steve what he wants exactly and it’s so close, it’s right before Steve’s eyes, he just has to hold out his hand and grab it.
“I guess it is. But the fact that these were the first rifles SI ever provided for the civilian market was -sorta- the big deal. I guess.”
Steve does his best not to think about Tony over the next week.
Steve smiles and something warm runs through his chest. “That’s a fantastic idea! I can shoot the edge of the spaceship with a phaser to push it out of the gravity zone of the event horizon.”
“You’re so funny haha,” she mocks and then laughs for real, and Tony’s heart drops, with the usual rush of panic that runs through his body, everytime an alpha is disrespected - which seems to happen a lot around here. Captain Rogers is still laughing though, as he turns back to smile at Tony, and their soft scents mixed together eases Tony’s nerves a little.
“I want to be your alpha,” Steve whispers against Tony’s lips, “you know, so I at least get to play the jealousy card if I had the urge to break someone’s neck.”
There are no directions this time. No counting to left and right, no specific steps. Just holding on and staying close, as Tony says quietly before the music starts, body to body, heart to heart and swaying slowly to the music, as Steve buries his face in Tony’s neck breathing in the scent of his skin.
It’s almost midnight. Tony’s been tossing and turning for an hour in the bed he shared with Steve last night. Gorgeous, virgin and blushing at first touch Steve, who’s sleeping in the next room and all Tony can think about is the way he touched Tony, shy but certain. He welcomes the dizzying thoughts over the creeping anxiety of the hell that he will need to deal with in the coming days, for SI, for the greater community, and for the whole world, probably. He’s contemplating jerking off, to let off some steam and hopefully go to sleep for a few hours, when he hears the sounds. He mostly feels them, as if with his heart and not his ears as if he’s imagining something that does not exist, but he sure as hell knows that it does.
Time somehow loses its meaning. It might be minutes, or hours, that Steve is lying on the table, his brain being stretched and relaxed along with his hole, and it’s not hurting any more for some reason, no guilt, no pressure, no burn. The brown eyes looking up at him from time to time might be the reason; the smiles, the professional reassurance that Steve’s brain decidedly takes as praise. The acceptance maybe, that it’s out of his hands now, the unexpected trust, the safe feeling that’s wrapped around his flushed body like cold water in this hot mess of a summer afternoon.
Tony. They end up talking for two hours about the most random things, like the cat Steve takes a photo of every day in front of the shop, and Tony’s annoying neighbor who sings opera at 5 AM, even if Tony keeps teasing Steve, and insisting that no one uses the telephone to communicate these days.
Tony breathes in and out, a couple of times, before he turns to the alpha, still holding to Steve’s arm. “Ty, I need to have a chat with my boss here,” he turns to Steve, something burning in his eyes that Steve can’t quite figure out.
The OR corridors are colder than the ER treatment rooms, for some reason, which has nothing to do with the amount of blood that Steve’s lost or the way his team look like a defeated army, scattered on different chairs.
Tony is too weak to take a shower now, or at least that’s what Captain Rogers thinks so Nat disappears into the bathroom to get some wet towels to help Tony clean up. Captain Rogers helps Tony off the bed and onto the couch and puts the ice bag on his fingers before covering him with the blue blanket. Bruce strips the dirty sheets from the bed and Clint leaves the plate of actual blueberry cookies on the arm of the couch. Sam pokes his head into the room
For about two seconds exactly until Dr. Stark’s gloved slick finger touches the rim of his hole and pushes in very gently. That’s the moment he loses it completely.
Day 2, is here, as promised. I am doing my best to update daily so please help me go with your precious kudos and comments <3
“So, Mr. Grant—”
“Tony needs a change of clothes.” Nat twitches her lips when she smiles. It’s reassuring and calm and takes Tony’s mind off the true meaning of her words, at least for a little bit.
“We can’t get that close to the black hole in time,” Steve finishes with a sigh and looks around the bridge.
Steve’s not masturbating.
“Do you mind getting your hands off this omega, buddy?”
“Following is not my style,” he yells back, his voice almost unaffected.
Steve tilted his head to the side and smiled with no real happiness in his face. “I wish that was true, Tony,” he whispered softly, as he leaned in to brush his lips against Tony’s cheek. Tony had to close his eyes, as the touch burned through his core and set his whole body on fire. He breathed in, hoping to calm down, but the only air left between them was filled with Steve’s scent that washed over him like a drizzling rain and flared up the flames nevertheless.
There is a heavy breath, and a low groan, Tony whispering something that Steve can’t quite understand, and Steve is not quite sure but he can feel Tony’s hand trembling against his stomach.
Steve tilts his head and presses his lips together. “So are you?” He asks before bringing the hand to wrap around their intertwined fingers. “Into it?”
This fic deals with emotional and physical abuse and systematic oppression of omegas. There is reference to abusive behavior and Tony is really hurt, physically at the beginning and emotionally during the rest. There is also reference to vomiting.
“Anyone working on the mission reports?”
He will have to deal with the guy in the shower though, to figure out what his plan might be. As far as Tony knows--he actually doesn't know anything, except for his name, and a few fun facts such as the way he blushes at almost everything and smells like the meadow in a summer afternoon. Oh and the fact that he is still naked, washing that gorgeous body right behind this wall.
Tony can’t think. He is floating or flying; he might be drowning and he can’t be sure if he remembers his alphabet correctly.
Ty turns his head, gently, and smiles. He looks calm and measured but Tony can smell his distress. Ty is caught off guard. He does not have a plan and he is shit at thinking on the spot. “Tony, this is not what you’re thinking, doll.”
Not just yet.
out of all the superheroes is outright hilarious. Steve sighs and wishes he actually was Batman because he seems to be Tony’s favorite, even if his mask seems too uncomfortable and he has to fight in a cape, which Steve does not even want to begin to think about.
“Why are we watching Fox News?” Tony rolls his eyes and shuffles in his seat, trying to move a little closer to Steve as subtly as he can and he takes another bite from the turkey garlic bread sandwich that tastes much better than it sounds. Steve’s constant battle against food waste is absolutely noble but it’s also endearing and hot as fuck, and he must have done it so many times because whatever he cooks up from the leftovers is absolutely amazing.
“And if we do nothing, Dr. Banner, by breakfast time tomorrow, they are toast. No pun— what the heck, pun fully intended!” Tony’s eyes are bright with hope. “I can get the shuttle ready to go in an hour, and going at Warp 11 speed we’ll be able to get to them in less than an hour.”  He stands up and tucks his PADD under his arm. “I’ll meet you on board the rescue shuttle in an hour, Captain Rogers, don’t forget your ice bucket.”
A rich velvety warmth washed over Tony’s heart and a million butterflies fluttered in his chest. “Stay then. Stay with me. For real. Forever.”
the heavenly breeze in Steve’s blistering hell, for real, and nothing about this ‘hook up’ situation is random. This is just how it’s meant to be, as fucking cliche as it might sound, that Steve had to wait all these years, mostly unconscious and frozen, to get here and find his one.
Tony’s arm curls around Steve’s back and pulls him in a little. Steve’s lips finally meet Tony’s and they kiss, gentle and slow, and not only because it hurts. It’s just too powerful, like lightning striking out of the blue, like catching on fire from inside, like hiking up the steepest hill to get to the edge of a stunning lake, delighted to have finally arrived, thrilled to roll down the other side and see what’s lying ahead.
, for an hour or five maybe, and they kiss, and kiss and then kiss some more.
, and insists on helping to wash the dishes, even if Colonel Rhodes glowers at him the whole time.
“I’m sorry your day was ruined like this.”
“Oh God, the magnetic field of the black hole.” Tony says and lays his head against the edge of the seats. “My suppressant implant must have stopped working, but the heat kicks in… just like that?” He brings up his head to look at Steve and grimaces. “I guess the black hole is going to kill me after all.”
Something flares deep in Steve’s core and he has to press his thumbs between his fingers to keep his hands from
It made no sense, but it felt right at the same time. Wanting Bucky was just a part of wanting Steve.
He can’t sit here and do nothing, even if it hurts like hell to get out of the bed. He has to find Tony, no matter what, even if walking through the hospital corridors with bare feet proves to be a tedious task, even if he ends up stopping several times and holding on to the railing on the wall to keep from tripping. He has to find Tony.
“Wow! You have one of those narrow townhouses? I’ve always wanted to actually see the inside of them.”
Steve laughs and reaches over the table, to hold Tony’s hand. “I believe you, Tony. I just had no idea, the food price is so low in Houston. Last time I ate at Gallaghers’, I’m pretty sure the steak alone was a little more than that.”
Tony might have used up his mortification allowance for one day, or one lifetime, but he is grateful that he can still feel the warmth that starts from his cheek and spreads over his face, onto his chest and all the way to his toes.
“A game, like Quacks of Quedlinburg or Camelot maybe? Friends do not play strip games,
They’re blessed. They're simply invisible.
The room lightens up again and a shiver runs through Tony’s spine. A radio? A band playing a slow song? Ice coming closer and-- who on earth is Peggy? Steve’s words sound surreal, and the way he gets more incoherent by the second does not make any sense. There is something buried in between the scattered pictures he’s putting in Tony’s mind that Tony can’t seem to grasp, as much as he tries.
“You know what’s the last thing I remember from before everything went blank?” Steve runs a hand over his face and rubs his neck. “I was tryinna' think about a band playing a slow song just for us, because I didn’t know how to dance back then too, you know?” He looks up at Tony with glassy eyes. “I remember how Peggy’s voice broke off, the radio silence in the last seconds, the ice coming closer and closer. My head was empty, no thoughts, no regrets, no last-minute change-of-heart.” He looks back down, dropping his hands and he clutches his knees so hard that his knuckles go white. “It was just fear as I closed my eyes. Dark. Cold. Blinding.”
“He’s not gonna press charges. Matt’s talking to him right now,” Tony mutters as he sits down and inches closer to press himself against Steve’s side. Steve breathes his calming scent in and leans into his warmth, his heart still beating too fast, his breath still running too short.
But here we are, after (at least) three major rewrites, this is what made the most sense to me, and I am so very much hoping that it would make some sense to you too!
echoes in Tony’s head as his heart starts to beat in his throat and he wishes so hard that he could just turn the time back to when he’d not just told a complete stranger that he has a friend so close that he wants to call right now, who happens to be an alpha. Tony keeps Captain Rogers’s gaze though, because there is no turning back, hasn’t been since last night when the complete stranger opened the trunk, and it doesn’t matter if Tony can’t figure out Captain Rogers’s expression as he stands up and walks a step forward to stand in front of Tony.
No. Not going there. No.
(See the end of the chapter for
Nat is holding his other hand out of the blue and Bruce is bringing a water bottle to his lips. “They’re doing everything they can Steve, his heart…” Nat trails off and sniffles and something stabs at Steve’s heart.
He thrusts in and out, losing all senses of rhythm as he comes, his body sliding so easily against Tony’s, his slick covered skin rubbing against Tony’s spent cock, and God, he wants to be gentle, to say nice sweet words, but he’s forgotten all his manners, hell, he’s forgotten how to speak.
Tony closes his mouth, and opens it again, panting for air. “Heat? That’s impossible Steve, no one’s gone into heat for centuries.”
Steve often thought about that small room in the Customs Building. He had conveniently forgotten about his resentment as he had walked through the door, clutching Tony’s hand and the way his heart had been beating so fast, that he wondered if his chest would explode. Or the fact that he had never hated himself for being an omega more than that day when they read the telegram from the Department of Omegas’ Affairs stating that the mating bite would only be considered official if it happened in front of the department’s trusted officials.
“Have her contact my assistant, Ms. Pepper Potts at Stark Industries. She’s already made an arrangement with the hotel to deliver things to the door in compliance with self-isolation rules.”
on Tumblr, come talk to me :)
“This might be the weirdest thing you’ve ever said to me,” Tony whispers back among little kisses, “the sweetest too, alpha.”
Thank you for reading and I hope you enjoyed it.
Steve is not going to look at Dr. Stark, not right now at least, but he sure as hell can put his feet back up and try to hold still, even if Dr. Stark’s finger turns into a blade of fire in his ass.
“I checked for possible internal tears or bleeding before removing the speculum, and it’s all clear. I tried to clean you up a bit but you were asleep, and I didn't want to disturb you, so you’ll need to do a bit of cleaning up before getting dressed. Sorry about that.”
That’s it.
It feels right to trust Tony, his brain finally manages, just like it has always felt right to trust Iron Man. It’s the same instinct that has kept Steve’s heart a little warmer since that first image of Iron Man on that hospital TV, that Steve woke up to from his long, frozen nightmare. The same sense of faith, same wash of calm, same ease and comfort that made Steve lean over to kiss Tony that first time.
“You feel great, Steve,” Tony whispers as he pulls his fingers out suddenly, “perfectly tight and opening so beautifully for me,” he adds, and the dark tint of his voice goes right to Steve’s cock. “I wish you could see this, God, this is-- ” Tony’s lips touch where his fingers were a second ago and Steve’s brain freezes as his body catches on fire.
Gone.
“Here we go then,” Steve says and kisses Tony’s palm. He turns on the tattoo gun, running his fingers on the letters he’d just finished scripting on Tony's forearm, and reads out loud,
snoring softly into my chest, Tony tells himself, and he repeats it to himself so many times before he falls into a dreamless, deep sleep.
He walks backward, until he hits a cold hard wall before he finally finds the door to throw himself out. He runs through the corridors, takes three wrong turns, and ends up by the swimming pool at some point, so tempted to just jump in with his uniform on.
Steve throws punches at an imaginary sandbag and uses the doorstop to do some chest presses. It doesn’t work as well as his usual five-mile runs and two-hour workout in the gym, but it’s something, and something is better than nothing. He takes another shower, eats, takes a nap and wakes up to the sound of Tony yelling, again, about how saving 2000 jobs in the middle of a crisis will not force SI to go bankrupt.
“But you…” Steve breathes out. “You…” He breathes in. “The difference is that you…” He runs his hands through his hair and crosses them over his chest.
“Nothing to bother you with, really,” he replies in the middle of kisses, “I’m just admiring something here, if you don’t mind.”
Steve likes the idea of Tony missing
She shakes her head again as she takes a smaller bag out of one of the shopping bags and Tony thinks about the blood stains on a proper-for-a-private-dinner white shirt last night to distract himself from the fact that Captain Rogers had asked Nat to buy clothes for Tony in specific colors. Or the fact that he had remembered to ask for underwear and socks too, and everything else in the small bag that Nat’s unloading on the dressing table right now, written down on the piece of paper that she’s just dropped on Tony’s lap. It’s nothing special really, just a neatly handwritten list with smooth letters that are exactly the same size, so there is no reason for this stupid heat that's suddenly spreading over his chest and that weird sensation that's unexpectedly tingling the back of his neck. He doesn't the spoons - even a plastic teaspoon - for feeling weird about a fucking note, no, just no, so he crumples the paper and shoves it in his pocket, so he can throw it in the bathroom rubbish bin as soon as he can stand up.
by Sleeping At Last.
He lets go.
Things untangle with every stroke of color on the paper. Thinking about Iron Man puts things in perspective as always and Steve starts to see the bigger picture here. ‘Sometimes you gotta run before you can walk’ he remembers from the anonymous interview he's just read and he repeats it to himself as he finishes the very last drawing. It’s Iron Man - not the armor, just the man - and the sketch of the guy Steve has never seen before has ended up looking exactly like someone Steve can fully recognize now, for a reason his heart knows but his brain can’t yet process .
He needs to fix this, at least a little.
“I nearly died,” he says, his fingers snaking forward to find Tony’s. “I thought I lost you,” he whispers and his knees buckle and hit the hard floor with a dull thud.
Dr. Stark wraps his fingers around Steve’s cock and squeezes once. “Does this hurt?”
Steve blinks and the lights of the living room flicker in his eyes. “I opened my eyes to a beam of light spilling through the curtains into a half-empty room. I didn't even need to look around to know where I was; the room reeked of despair, that deep frustration of being stuck in the same place for so long that you would lose count.”
Steve looks up and it feels like someone has knocked the breath out of his lungs. He opens and closes his mouth and tries to say something but no sound seems to come out. He nods, after many attempts at finding words and failing miserably, and the guy sits down on the stool next to him, not even two inches away.
He lays his head back on the chair. The sun is rising slowly and the lights of the small apartments are getting less and less distinctive. Steve thinks about all things that he had let run out of his hands as he watches the city come to life. He thinks about not being able to hold on to Bucky’s hand on that snowy mountain and the dance date with Peggy on the Saturday that never came. He thinks about holding on to Tony’s hand and dancing with him to all the music in the world. To swing and sway until he is dizzy, to follow Tony's lead, to slow dance until he can’t move his feet anymore. He thinks about the feel of Tony's body against his, and sneaking kisses here and there, the smiles and soft whispers, and the spin and swirl that carry on lighting up Steve's insides. The impossibility of it all, the fact that Steve doesn't even know how to dance, all of it being a dream that has never been and will never be.
Steve eats his pasta and nods a lot, wondering if it would be totally inappropriate to feed Tony some of the pasta he has not touched at all. He nods some more, in absence of any clear ideas that would form into words, and then stands up to clear his plate and go to bed, as soon as the clock hits 7 PM.
“What if he's thinking the same?” Jarvis said, as the lightning broke through the clouds and hit the sea. Tony’s heart started to beat fast with the thunder and something he did not know he still possessed, that felt achingly similar to hope, started to spill from his heart into his veins, warming up his freezing skin from within. “What if he wants to stay but doesn’t want to be
It’s methodical and precise with a lot of nuance and understanding; resolute and yet compassionate, just like Steve himself.
The lies are outside this room. The pain is somewhere in the distance.
And they do, one, two, three, four, across the living area, as the music takes Steve’s breath away and the words stand out one by one as if they are telling the story of Steve’s life happening right in this moment.
“Which means more people on board as well as more speed. Wow, that’s magic.”
There is also Mpreg in the next chapters but it is not tagged to avoid spoilers.
Tony takes truth.
, he whispers to himself and he leans his head against the backrest.
We are discussing COVID-19 pandemic, as usual, without mentioning the name, so if you don't want to be exposed to that topic, please take care of yourself and don't read this one.
This is the
“Where will you be staying? Does Barnes have a flat or something in a decent neighborhood?” Tony’s eyes traced the lines of Steve’s body back to his face. The neckline of his shirt was too large, as usual, and the edge of the bite mark showing through was making Tony’s heart squeeze painfully. At least Barnes was not wrapping his arm around Steve’s shoulders like he was minutes ago, as he was helping Jarvis get all of Steve’s belongings into the carriage, thank God, and Tony could finally think clearly, enough to feel it all the way through his bones, that Steve, his perfect, feisty Steve was leaving him for good.
“I believe in first impressions and extravagant gestures, Mr. Rogers, if I’m being honest. I would take you to the Louvre or Opéra Royal, but considering the quarantine situation, I was thinking, a stay-at-home dinner and dance date?”
Steve’s cheeks heat up and his fingers go numb as he reaches for Tony’s mug. “Wait for what?”
The room is calm and quiet. The sheets feel soft and Tony is not cold but he just can’t fall asleep. Part of him wants to blame the pain and over exhaustion for the restlessness. The other part though is terrified to realize that right at this moment, he just misses Ty.
Steve picks the stack of papers and leans his hip against his desk. Skimming through the perfect set of numbers and conclusions, he can’t help the vague swelling of pride in his heart and the urge to smile, to praise, to do
Steve’s other hand trails down the side of Tony’s face, finds his tie and works it loose. He unbuttons Tony’s shirt, one by one, and takes the tie off, all with one hand. The other hand is keeping steady at Tony’s throat, pressing so lightly that it’s barely there, but it’s present and it’s intensely overwhelming.
Tony is already on the phone when Steve sits down to have breakfast and is yelling at someone about releasing some funds when Steve cleans his dish in the kitchen. He tries to talk to Tony when his essential items arrive, but Tony is having a shouting match with a group of foul-mouthed people about repurposing some facility in upstate New York as a quarantine station. Steve brings everything in without bothering Tony, all four giant boxes, two suitcases, and seven small bags, and stacks them neatly in the foyer area.
The room lights up suddenly and for a split second, it feels like they’ve been standing there for so long that the sun has finally come out. Steve turns to look out the window over his shoulder and turns back, looking confused and distant. He then decides to sit down just as the thunder roars, or gets frightened by the sound, Tony can’t be quite sure, the way he flops and collapses onto the floor. His guts churn at the sight though, and he goes down on his knees as if he’s pulled by an invisible string. He leans in to wrap his arms around Steve before he catches himself and freezes in place in an awkward position.
It’s fine.
I appreciate each and every comment including the emojis, so please tell me what you think :)
as Steve corrects him every time, without the slightest hint of warning in his tone. It’s a little funny, Tony thinks, how Steve shows up in Tony’s space and makes physical contact as soon as the conversation shifts, how he kisses Tony’s forehead or his cheeks when they seem to be done, every single time. It’s heartbreaking, just too much, the way he never forgets to tell Tony that he’s proud, that Tony’s done an amazing job of telling the truth, and being open as if ticking some stupid list is that big of a deal.
He crosses his arms across  his chest and then looks away, too quickly, because Tony must be looking miserable right now. He turns back to face the road and turns the key in the ignition. The car starts with a jittery heavy sound and Tony’s heart stops beating altogether.
I fell for him from that first punch, Tony thought with a pang of pain in his heart. From the first words, the first look, the first time he turned down my offer to help him to his feet. The fat lip and the burning gaze, the balled fists that were ready to punch anyone who would get in his way.
Steve doesn’t want to sit down. Not really, because it’s a bit uncomfortable. Very, to be precise, but he’s not sure how he should explain the problem, so he hums, shifts on his feet a little, and takes a step back, as if trying to take up less space, so his thighs hit the edge of the examination table.
If it was another time and place, Steve would growl and gather Tony in his arms and lock them both up in the nearest supplies closet for a month, but they’re in a hospital ward full of very sick people about to get caught any second now. So all he does is pull Tony further in, as they part their lips and taste each other, so slow as if it’s barely happening, as if it’s the first time they’re even touching each other, so careful as if what just happened is a delicate glasswork that might shatter any second, all over again.
“Captain Rogers,” he says as he stands up and walks toward Steve, patting a couple of engineers on the shoulders on his way across the room and draws a hand out. “Pleasure to finally meet you.”
“Fine, Othello, no need to punch anyone dead. Told you he is dead already. It’s the guy who’s strong and brave, here to save the American way.” Tony yawns and curls his feet around Steve’s. “It’s Captain America,” he whispers, before he drifts off into a dreamless, deep sleep.
“You want me to go to Walmart?” Clint holds Nat’s fingers in his hands when he is talking to her. Tony looks at him and then back at her but he can’t see any signs or codes in the touch. Tony doesn’t buy it though; he is too tired to trust his own observation.
“It’s about being at someone else’s mercy fully, yet being sure that it will be okay. It’s learning the art of letting go and enjoying it too. Being weak but decidedly, not being in charge, not having to make decisions, just being there and taking it. It may not work for you but I kinda have a feeling that it might, so… just an idea.” And he shivers slightly, as Steve leans in to lay his head on Tony’s chest, again.
Tony blinks and his vision blurs for a second. It’s hard to keep up with the images, even if he tries to avert most of his attention to the way the leather of the steering wheel is being too tightly squished between Captain Rogers fingers. He can't quite fathom how ridiculously painful it must be to be the omega who is being handed back to a mate, after being bonded to someone else, most possibly against their will, and that’s without thinking about the kids that had definitely been involved, because even illegal suppressants did not exist back then. This is what they mean by ‘it could be worse’ and how it applies in every situation even to Tony right this moment, because despite, well, everything, he doesn’t have to obsess about deciding between living on the streets or being some random alpha’s temporary omega against his will.
“100 milion dollar deal with the Army, huh? I worked days and nights, skipping sleep so we could make the
on Tumblr, come talk to me :)
He punches the imaginary sandbag to clear his mind and sweat a little, but he pretends the chain is broken already after ten minutes or so. He takes a shower for the second time and debates whether or not he should do the third pass when shaving his face. He combs his hair to the left, then to the right, then to the left again, and runs his fingers through it in the end, still hating the way he looks. He buttons his shirt and tucks it into the waist of his slacks, while he chants quietly that there will be a next date. A private show at Opéra Royal maybe, when the times are not too tough for self-indulgence, so he can wear his new army uniform, finally sorted out and delivered a couple of months ago. It’s ironic, he thinks as he takes one final look at his reflection, that he despised the damn thing so much when he hung it at the back of his closet, how even touching it felt so painful, reminding him of every single thing he left behind in the past. Now, all he can think about is having another dance date with Tony, wearing the uniform, and watching Tony’s face as his gaze runs up and down Steve’s body, to feel the heat in his cheeks and the flutter in his heart, to have his insides go warm with desire.
and the words make Captain America blush under his mask as the touch sets his chest on fire. He pants and whimpers as Iron Man rubs his hips against Captain America’s
This is not possible. The way Tony’s on fire from head to toe, the way he is weightless and absorbed as if he doesn’t exist at all, only Steve. This is how it must feel to be a star gravitating toward a black hole; not that Steve is a black hole, and fuck, he truly hopes that he hasn’t said any of that out loud.
It’s a miss this time, thank God, but there of course will be a hit. There will always be a hit, Tony knows so God damn well, and it’s why he doesn’t smile back. It’s got nothing to do with the fact that his face is too sore or the way Captain Rogers tightens his grip around his waist, right as Tony fails to bite back a painful moan. It’s just precaution. Just a general rule of safety for any omega who knows how to use the God-given half-working brain properly.
He sits on the bed and listens carefully. He wishes he was in his own house, so he could get JARVIS to check on Steve, and it takes him a minute to decide that making sure Steve is okay should be more important than respecting his privacy. Worst that could happen is catching Steve masturbating, which would not be the worst scene in the world and maybe Tony can help out; like one of those low-quality porn movies he secretly loves to watch.
Tony sure can do that. He’s had a bit too much practice anyway.
Steve’s careful and tender. His lips are soft as a feather, and he presses them around Tony’s cock with a perfect amount of pressure, which is crazy consistent. It’s slow and smooth and, oh God, so gentle that Tony wants to cry, and yet it feels like nothing Tony has ever felt before. It’s perfect.
If you think a tag is missing, please let me know, and I'll add it.
Tony huffs and moans, intermittently, and digs his fingers into Steve’s back. “I know you’re easy Rogers, ah-” he bites Steve’s collarbone, right in the same spot again “-I can just whistle to you and you’ll be hard and panting for me in here.”
“Always a pleasure to have you around, Barnes,” Tony said. “How’s the elbow treating you?”
He can’t tell how, or when, but the next thing he knows is that he’s straddling Ty, who’s struggling underneath him with no success, and he’s punching that smug face, left, right, left and right again. Voices call him from afar and hands pull at him but he can’t bring himself to care. The only thing he cares about is the pain creeping back into Tony’s eyes, right when he seemed to have kicked its damn shadow, and the fact that this guy, the big alpha whose only strength is his ability to abuse an omega’s love and trust, is the source of that pain from the get fucking go.
He needs to hold it together, and he does, absolutely, at least for the first 22 days after the tragedy Thanos brings upon the universe— despite the thrumming pain in his joints he wakes up to every single morning, that he brushes off to the extra miles he’d run the day before; despite the way the pain spreads in his body as the day goes on.
“It’s not because I owe you anything. I just want to do this for you. I want to make you feel good, just … that. That’s what I wanna do,” and his face goes soft, his words turning into sparkles that burn through Tony’s body. “May I? Please?”
Captain Rogers leaves a plate with a couple of sandwiches on the nightstand and sits down on the couch. He rolls up his sleeves and Tony’s eyes wander on the golden hair shining on the pale skin before he moves on to look at the tiny bloodstains on the white shirt and he wonders if it’s too late to soak the shirt and he would need to spray hydrogen peroxide on them.
And he smiles, light and bright, different from what Tony has seen so far. Tony smiles back and his heart grows at least half a size.
“Yeah?” Tony’s lips tremble a little, making Steve’s heart squeeze painfully. “Because from where I’m standing, it looks the exact opposite.”
It’s too soon. He's not ready. And even if he was, why would this wonderful, funny, resilient, breathtaking omega want to do such a thing with an alpha like Steve? It’s not like he’s given up on going out with someone in his own league, now that one handsome mighty alpha has turned out to be an absolute dick.
Steve leans back against the door and his weight shuts the door with a click. Tony stretches out a shaky arm and nods. Steve staggers to Tony’s side and his fingers wrap around Tony’s.
He steps into their bedroom, closes the door and leans his back against it. He wants to lock this door, hide in the bathroom and lock that door too, but he doesn’t exactly have the keys to any of these fucking doors and even if he did it’s not like locks can hold Ty out of any rooms he wishes to be inside of. Part of him wishes for Ty to find it rude to leave their guest on his own. The other part though … knows the drill.
‘We’, as if Tony had any part in the way Steve took him to the end of the skies and brought him back, safe and sound. Which he did not have a part in, except for existing. Or for daring to buy that first drink for the most beautiful human being he had ever seen.
I appreciate each and every comment including the emojis, so please tell me what you think :)
And now Tony’s lying on the operation table, fighting for his life because Steve is terrible at his job and is fucking terrible in general, and he might never come back and Steve might never get to tell him the truth.
. But he is not wrong now. Captain Rogers is absolutely and unmistakably angry.
was the exact thing that Tony had tried painfully to prevent for so long; what he had vowed never to do. The other part, however, was past losing another second to his doubts.
So he just does it, he leans forward and kisses Tony.
Steve wakes up to the thickness in the air. The scent is so heavy that Steve can feel the sweetness on his tongue. For a second between sleep and awareness, he wonders if he’s sleeping with his nose pressed to Tony’s scent gland, but Steve’s all by himself in the pilot seat, and other than the crackling fire that is starting to light somewhere deep down Steve’s bones, everything is as it was when he fell asleep.
in 40 minutes, but they are still driving in the middle of nowhere. Or that he is riding with a stranger on a road he does not recognize and he is about to meet a bunch of strangers who are going to be at Captain Rogers’ house and he just doesn’t care. He is in pain, can’t really breathe properly because of the pain, but he is also in a weird numb space, almost giddy that he is not going back to his house. There is a slight chance he might actually get killed tonight without a single being knowing of his whereabouts but that’s not even that bad. Tragic ending for Tony Stark, true, but for this very omega right here, eh … whatever. It will just be over.
He doesn’t get embarrassed this time when Nat helps him take his shirt off or when she unzips the stained cream pants and pulls it down while Tony struggles to keep his weight off the couch. He should be burning in shame, or turning red in the face as Nat does just right now before she turns her head to look at something non-existent on the wall behind her,  but he doesn’t. He pulls down his briefs and slides into Captain Rogers’ boxers because in the past six weeks he’s been leaking more than during any of his heats and does not even blush about the fact that Captain Rogers has decided to lend him a pair of crimson red boxers.
