“I’m sorry about your son but murder is the only sin being committed here,” Sam reasons.
They just laugh. “You think I care if I die, nephew?” They stab their blade into Jack’s side, who doesn’t even flinch.
Dean nods hesitantly. “I guess nothing too bad could happen with God as your backup.”
“He saved me,” Dean’s voice cracking and tears starting again. “Billie came, he summoned the empty, took ‘em both. It’s my fault Jack, I’m sorry.” He didn’t feel like he could say any more without completely losing it.
“No idea,” Dean says.
~~~~~~~~~~
“Beeping?” Charlie asks.
“I know. We’re going to get him back.” Dean responds. He turns to Jesse, “if you know where he is, why isn’t he dead yet?”
“Was there anyone in particular that was violent or threatening towards him?” Eileen asks.
“She was the reaper that blew the door off Chuck's cell. So she’s likely Death now.” Gabe says.
“Cause you kinda look like one of those guys that would make his wife cook for him because he thinks it’s a woman’s job to take care of their man,” Jesse says only partially joking.
“Hello is Gerald Kilick here?” Sam asks the middle-aged woman who answers the door.
“He’s the god of death.”
John smiles. “So what’s so important that you needed to talk to me alone about?”
“I hate this so much,” Eileen says.
“You guys weren’t exactly subtle. But, as I said before, you had your heads in your asses. Hell,” Sam gestures at Dean, “you were so far in the closet that I’m surprised you don’t dress better.”
“No. I mean why send me back to Heaven?”
“Why the hell are they in Ireland?” Eileen asks.
“Humanity was founded on murder. Cain and Abel. The great flood. The Crusades. Thousands upon thousands of pointless wars. Death is nothing new to this universe. We are just here to follow God’s plan and put things right. And having Lucifer’s son as our new ‘God’ is not right.”
“For a permanent transfer of power just say ‘I gift thee this power’, in Enochian in your case, and place your hand on mine.”
“I’m not saying something is going to happen, I’m just saying if.”
“I didn’t, at least not entirely, until many years later. It took being surrounded by people who I love and who love me to help me realize that it isn’t my mistakes that define me, it’s the good that I’ve done. And, Jack, you have done so much good.”
“I’m really glad you’re safe,” she mumbled. “I’m gonna, y’know, miss you or whatever.”
Dean shook his head. He was getting ahead of himself. Yeah, Cas said he loved him but that doesn’t automatically mean he wants to settle down with Dean.
“But ya still found it.” Dean grinned, getting closer. “Thanks, man. Sam and I got the last of Claire’s things packed away.”
*******
“Thank you, Cas… That- That means a lot.”
“You and all of our parents,” Claire said.
tell Sam and Cas that burgers are a perfectly healthy dinner option!”
Cas’ voice cut through Dean’s inner turmoil.
She smiled and signed, “Sam wanted some snacks for the road. Said Dean only brought junk food.” She rolled her eyes good-naturedly.
“Good to see you, too, Jody. Really. How are you?” Dean said.
“Yeah,” Eileen said. Her face darkened, but only for a moment. She looked up at Castiel. “But all that’s over now, yeah? C’mon, let’s go make sure he doesn’t make himself sick from sugar.”
“Because we aren’t regular kids,” Jack piped up. “I’m not even fully human.”
“Claire-” Cas started, but she shushed him.
Even if he wasn’t hunting anymore, Dean didn’t think he could just sit around doing nothing. Even left to his own thoughts for a five hour drive and he’s already waxing philosophical about the purpose of his life. Ugh. Being alone with his thoughts isn’t always as peaceful as he hoped.
“Jody!” Claire all but fell out of the car, shoes quickly shoved on, still rumpled from her nap. Dean smiled to himself; Claire had gotten really comfortable here.
, Dean suddenly thought.
“Who ya textin?” Claire asked, drawing out the ‘o’. She tried to lean over Dean’s shoulder.
Claire leaned back, smiling to herself. She gave Eileen and Jack hugs and goodbyes before joining Sam and Dean in the Impala.
“Of… of books! Yeah, she…” Jack trailed off, looking between Claire’s and Castiel’s unimpressed faces.
Once everything had settled down after getting Cas back, Dean had realized just exactly what he had done. His sole focus had been Cas, only Cas,
Dean gave a half smile. “Bit past small talk by now, aren’t we?”
No, no, this human thing is worth it, if only for this feeling. Castiel spent the rest of the evening with a soft smile on his face.
“It’s not small talk; I truly want to know how you feel.”
The door opened in Castiel’s face.
It had been surprisingly quiet since Dean, Sam, and Claire left. Castiel had been spending his time exploring the bunker’s archives and storage rooms. The sheer volume of information the Men of Letters acquired astounded him. He liked seeing what humans found important enough to remember and pass on to future generations. It made him feel that little bit closer to humanity.
, Dean had said.
, Dean thought—before tightening his grip on Dean’s hand.
“You lie for a living,” Claire said. “Dean lies for a living. Sam too. And Jody and Donna and Garth and literally everyone we know?”
“I’d like to think I know you pretty well by now, would you agree?”
Never mind.
“Fuck,” he mumbled, sniffling a bit before rubbing at an eye. He turned away from Cas. He didn’t like people seeing him cry. Cas let him go, allowing Dean a semblance of privacy. Dean cleared his throat before turning back and giving what he hoped was a confident smile.
The three of them stood in front of the bunker, waving at the departing vehicle, Dean honking the horn a few times in farewell. Castiel sighed.
“Cas!” Jack grinned, walking over to sit down across from Castiel.
Castiel walked over to stand next to Jack and Eileen. Claire took a step, then turned back and quickly walked over to Castiel. She paused only slightly before wrapping Castiel in, frankly, a pretty tight hug. It only made Castiel grin, tucking her head under his chin.
isn’t good. Or Dean, or Sam, or Jody, or anyone else who’s in the life. We’re only trying to look out for you.”
Castiel smiled, typing back.
For the longest time, Dean didn’t think angels could feel love, or anything, really. Fuck, he didn’t even think angels were real before meeting Cas. Everything about Cas felt like a revelation. A revelation in himself, in his perspectives, his beliefs, his foundation. Maybe he could do this; be with Cas, really be with him. After everything, saving the literal world multiple times over, Dean thought he deserved a fucking break. He shifted in his seat, straightening a bit, puffing out his chest and tightening his grip on the steering wheel slightly.
Cas returned the smile before standing up. “C’mon, we got burgers waiting for us, remember?”
*******
“Alright, let’s pack it up!” Dean clapped his hands, startling Castiel from his absent-minded staring. “Time to hit the road. Claire,” he added, “c’mere. Got something for you.”
“Always do, Jody. You know us.” Sam smirked, and Jody scoffed in response before pulling him into a bear hug.
“Is Kaia here?” Claire asked.
When did Cas become a walking, talking encyclopedia on Dean? No matter what, Cas always saw through whatever front Dean tried to put up, even ones he didn’t even realize he had.
“But there’s still something, isn’t there?”
Jack and Claire both stared at him.
, Castiel thought, then chuckled to himself at that absurd fantasy. While he did—if he remembered the phrase correctly—spill his guts to Dean before the Empty took him, he didn’t expect anything to come from it. He didn’t say what he said in hopes of reciprocation. Obviously, Castiel would be overflowing with joy if Dean did respond similarly, but he was at peace with himself and his choices. Castiel had said his piece; it was up to Dean what he decided to do with it.
“I think he’s really gonna miss her,” Dean said.
“Fine, but I’m getting a veggie burger.” Sam followed her out the room.
“What’s that look for?” Claire asked.
Dean knew he’d never forget the sensation of being in the Empty.
Jack flushed slightly. “Sorry! I’m still not used to lying.”
Even with all that, he and Cas still hadn’t really talked about what all that meant now. It’s only been about a week since they got Cas back and there hasn’t really been a quiet time to sit down—and Dean may or may not have been avoiding such a talk.
“What do you mean?”
“You really haven’t gotten any better at keeping secrets, have you?” Claire said.
“Oh, you know, getting zapped from existence by god along with the rest of the world, only to be brought back by the son of Lucifer, all in a day’s work for a hunter.”
, he thought, perhaps a little indignantly, even though there was no one there to challenge him,
—to get back to you. And Jack, and Claire, and Sam, and Eileen, and everyone else I care about on this planet. This is my home, my happiness. Truth be told, I haven’t felt like an angel in a long, long time. I’m not sure if I ever really felt like an angel, actually.”
Jack whooped, running into the bunker.
Every once in a while, Castiel still had to remind himself that he was also human now. Human for good. At least, that’s what he planned. He had no intention of getting his grace back. He knew exactly where it was, and he was quite content with it.
“Nothing. Just… just happy.” And he was.
His phone buzzed in his pocket.
Peanut butter and jelly tasted like heaven. Although, Castiel mused, taking another bite of his sandwich, heaven wasn’t really all that it’s cracked up to be. Maybe PB&J sandwiches were better than heaven.
Jack groans as he rolls over to his side.
“So this is your human, huh? Hmm, don’t see the appeal.” They hold out their other hand and fling Dean across the room. Before Jack can stop him, they throw everyone else to the side as well, leaving Jack and Cass as the only ones standing. Jack throws his hands forward and stops Cassiel in their tracks, walking forward and pushing them back into the wall.
With that they close the gap and share a hopeful kiss, the noise and scene around them all but nonexistent. It’s 12:02 by the time they pull apart. They realize that someone had turned the music back on and their family was back to dancing, this time to “Don’t Stop Believin’”. Dean rests his chin on Cass’ shoulder as they start to sway. Cass lays his cheek against the side of Dean’s head. Their eyes are both closed and their bodies are relaxed.
“I do not regret that decision.”
~~~~~~~~~~
“Shit,” Sam says.
“Of course I knew. The only people who didn’t know were you and Cass.”
Cass and Jack look at each other before Cass responds. “Then why don’t you come out here?” Jack turns to Lucifer and removes his cuffs, giving him a look that says “I’m watching you.”
“Oh ya. Dean is with them right now to fill them in on any details.”
“Right, forgot you were God.”
“You should get more sleep,” Dean whispers. “We still have a long day ahead of us.”
“What would that mean?”
“Kill you,” Dean says.
“Just that they were working with a witch and some reapers and some chick called Amara was causing them some trouble.”
“I’ve learned some tricks since I died. Demons make the best witches.”
Cass laughs and leans over to Dean, whispering “I’m sorry, you’re the best thing to ever happen to me,” before pressing a kiss on Dean’s ketchup-covered lips.
“They’re gonna blow it up.”
“You need to leave Chuck’s body.”
“Of course. We finally got the whole gang together.”
“Technically, I should be able to see everything that happens in Heaven but for some reason, I can’t see this. I don’t know how it’s possible. It’s like the footage was deleted from my mind.”
WOOSH
~~~~~~~~~~
“Was the god of death.”
Cass shakes his head. “I’m just tired of losing everyone. I thought, when you brought me back, that this was over. That we could get back to our true purpose and that everything was going to be okay, was going to be better. But we can’t escape this, it’s just how things are and will always be.”
“I'm going to go too, Sam,” Jesse says.
“Well, what Dean’s telling Dad right now is that he’s with Cass. Like in a relationship. It’s been a long time coming.”
“Probably.”
“Ok Dean.” Michael snaps his fingers and Dean is gone.
“I don’t know. I mean Cass has been trying to help him but he just seems like he’s given up.”
“Are you sure? I mean you got someone back that you thought you lost and then lost them again.”
“Are you?”
Dean leans forward to pat Jack on the shoulder. “That’s awesome, kid!”
~~~~~~~~~~
“Why not?”
“He’s pleasant,” Sam signs.
“What Castiel is trying to say is that we need to smite his ass. And all the asses who are trying to help him.”
“I don’t matter Cass.”
“Well to be fair, there aren’t many that are older than you.”
“Anyways, even with Amara’s help, it’s going to be difficult to do this. We’re gonna need your guys’ help,” Jack says to the group.
“Come out here Chuck!” Jack yells into the seemingly empty warehouse. His voice echoes back at him. “I know you’re in here!”
“The demon hate is so five years ago,” Dean jokes. “Hell, I was full demon for a while. Besides God is the son of Lucifer, that’s worse than the son of a regular demon.”
John smiles semi-forcefully. “I can’t say I wasn’t taken aback when Dean told me about you but it’s good to meet you too.”
“Wanna go see your new room?” Sam asks.
“Like what?” Sam asks, concerned.
“What does he mean blow it up?”
“The Flaming Sword?”
“Is he near the bunker?”  Dean asks.
“And what is that exactly?”
“I knew they had a thing for each other!”
~~~~~~~~~~
“Okay.” Mary stands. “Let’s go.”
~~~~~~~~~~
“You are definitely Dean’s father,” Cass mutters.
“Don’t worry, John’s old-fashioned but he loves Dean, it’ll be okay.”
Dean leans forward toward Jesse from across the table, “But are you willing to help now?”
~~~~~~~~~~
“Were you alone?”
TFW 3.0 try to figure out how to cage Amara/Chuck
“Sure no problem. You guys are our best hope after all.”
“Ya, just a static shock.”
“We’re the only thing that has always been real.”
“Don’t wuss out.”
“Ya sorry about that.”
“We’re coming!” Dean yells back. He grabs Cass’ hand and they make their way over to the blanket. Jack runs past them with Miracle and sits down across from Sam, grabbing a PB&J from the basket. They sit down and grab sandwiches of their own.
“They seem to be looking for something. Probably an ingredient for a spell, given they have the witch with them.”
“A lot worse,” Dean responds
“Wait Sam and Dean?”
“Do you want to split up or go together?” Eileen asks as they head down the walkway. “I have a feeling neither of these people will be very friendly towards a deaf female.”
Jesse smiles for the first time since he and Jack got back. “Thank you,” he signs. “All of you,” he adds looking around the room.
“Just stay in Heaven until they contact me.”
“We couldn’t find him, we didn’t abandon him.” Sam says, not fully believing what his own voice is saying.
“You were thinking about it.”
“Micah?”
“What are you talking about? What about Cass? What about having a normal life?” Sam  asks, sadly already knowing the answer.
“Deal.”
“Wait, look at this.” Eileen interjects.
“How would you know?” Sam says teasingly.
“Come on guys!” Chuck yells as they close the door to the dungeon with him chained to the floor. “You can’t just leave me in here!”
“You’re clearly not,” Sam says, grabbing Jack by the shoulders as he stumbles forwards.
“Why would you want me to do that?”
Cass sits in the chair next to him and rubs his back. “Everything’ll be okay.”
“Good I guess. We got some leads. Our suspects are a transphobic pastor and an abusive father.”
“What are we even doing?” Cass asks as they walk through a green field with Sam and Eileen walking up ahead, hand in hand, and Jack trailing behind playing fetch with Miracle. “We are about to enter what could be the worst battle we’ve ever been in and we are having a picnic.”
“I kind of am,” Eileen says.
“I’ll head back to Bobby and Rufus. See if they’ve made any progress.”
“Well, everyone that Chuck took from this Earth are in heaven’s prison of sort. They are, to put it in a way that you would understand, in standby mode. Not in heaven, not in hell, just frozen in the afterlife until the time that God was going to complete his hard reset of the Earth. But with him and Death gone there is nothing stopping us from returning their souls back to Earth.”
They fall asleep almost immediately after they get under the covers, wrapped in each other's arms.
Jack snaps his fingers and a piece of paper appears in his hand. “Here you go.”
“Eileen!” Sam jumps up and pulls her in for a desperate kiss. When they pull away he signs, “never leave me again.”
WOOSH
“Ya,” Jack chokes out, his voice cracking as he struggles to get the word out.
“Even worse. An Archangel.”
Bobby hands him a beer, which is exactly what he needs right now. “Thanks, Bobby.”
“Cass, if this is the quote-unquote ‘cure’, then this might be the only way to end this. I mean won’t his soul just go to heaven anyway? Since it’s his human half that’s damaged.”
~~~~~~~~~~
“I doubt that.”
“We’re having fun, Cass. Besides, we can’t do anything until Jesse finds Chuck and Amara so we might as well have a picnic.”
“Okay Jack.”
“How do we do that?”
“So someone could be using him to screw things up in Heaven,” Sam says.
“What else needs to be done?” John asks.
Everyone that was in hiding in the silo suddenly reappears in a confused and disoriented silent state. Charlie is the first to break the silence when she mutters, “Stevie” running out to her car.
“It’s not your fault Cass. We’re all together now. That’s all that matters.”
Gabe closes his eyes and sighs. “Is there anything else you would take instead? How about we give you Canada?”
“Of course. You’re going to be alright Jack. I promise.”
“Ok got it.” Jesse pauses, “I still can’t get over the fact that you’re God? You’re like 15.”
“I never had a son named Edward.”
“You have to keep fighting Dean,” it says with a voice crack. “Please.” With the ‘please’, Dean has a startling realization. It’s his brother. But how can it be Sam? He’s right here, yapping away about his and Eileen’s plans.
“Yes.” Jack turns to Cass.
“Don’t you think I know that? I didn’t rescue him out of love or loyalty. He abandoned me, I’m here to get my revenge, not set him free.”
“I think so.”
Jack and Cass don’t even know what to say.
“We’ll see,” Jack says in a very Dean-like tone.
“Micah have any other information on who it could be?” Cass asks.
“Yes?” Answers a middle-aged woman with a gold cross necklace.
“I already know what I can do, that’s the problem.”
“Father?!” Michael yells, standing alone, in an empty field, “Please, we need to talk!” It's silent for a few moments. “Get your cowardly ass out here!”
“They’re in the middle of a war. They probably just haven’t had any time,” Sam reassures him even though he’s worried himself.
“I do. But I don’t think you quite understand. Jack didn’t just make a big noise. He woke up every angel and demon in here.”
“Well, not alone. I had plenty of help.”
“I was wrong when I helped you before. You don’t deserve to be God.”
“What?” Dean laughs out.
“Where do I go?”
“Well, he attacked a pastor.”
“You left out my proposal, our wedding, having a son, retiring all that stuff.”
~~~~~~~~~~
“Ding ding ding.”
He looks past Sam to Cass. “So you gonna try and kill me again? Or should I make us some coffee?”
“Michael.” Sam says, almost in disbelief.
“Jack.” Cass kneels in front of Jack.
Everyone looks around in silence.
“Dean’s bangin’ the angel, right?”
Jack suddenly stops moving and relaxes his body, his eyes closing.
“Only thing better than stabbing you once is stabbing you twice.”
“Of course.”
“Sorry. I just didn’t want to worry you.”
Cass looks at Dean with awe. Tears well up in his eyes and he bites his lip to keep them back. “Fuck, how am I ever going to top that?” The crowd laughs. “Dean. I fell in love with you the second I pulled you out of Hell and pieced you back together. Everything I am is because of you. You changed me on a subatomic level. You made me feel when I wasn’t wired to be physically capable of that. You gave me a reason to live, to fight, to love. You showed me what it was like to care deeply about everything and everyone. More so you gave me something to care deeply about. You brought me into your family when I gave you every reason not to trust me. My love for you allowed me to break through Heaven’s mind control. It allowed me to fight when my grace was fading. It allowed me to feel joy when the world was crumbling around us. Even when I thought you could never love me the way I love you, you were the reason for my happiness. You are the only Dean Winchester in all of the universes that Chuck created that made the lowly Angel of Thursday betray heaven and fall in love with him, and by extension, humanity as a whole. I love you, Dean. And I will never leave you again.”
“Where is he Zach?”
“That’s funny, I got the opposite problem.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam rolls his eyes. “Because we chose to let him live so his actions are in some part our responsibility,” he says monotonously.
“Thank you for coming, Claire,” Cass says. Claire is no longer the young girl that Cass knew. She looks older than Cass now. Her blonde hair has faded to grey and her skin crinkles on the edges of her eyes.
“Hey!”
“Ya. Jack and Michael did good.”
“I dunno. They said something about her wanting to get away from Chuck or escape him or something.”
“Cass. He’s innocent. This isn’t his fault.”
“Ya.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“By releasing a sociopath who murdered everyone on Earth and every other world just for an entertaining storyline? Jack is the only one who can fix the mess that Chuck has created.”
“Charlie’s right,” Jo says. “None of us were able to see you two get married,” Jo gestures at Sam and Eileen, “and you and Cass only recently pulled your heads out of your asses so you guys definitely haven’t gotten married yet. So when’s the double wedding?”
“God, or Chuck’s, sister. The darkness. He became one with her right before Jack drained his power. We thought he just gained her power. We never even thought that she could still be in there.”
“Just call me Pastor.”
Dean deals in a non traditional way
Castiel sighed. He wondered if this was an appropriate time to mutter ‘
Castiel gave the jacket to Dean, the both of them turning to look at Claire and Jack sitting on the small hill near the entrance to the bunker.
Castiel was really, truly, happy.
“Can I have the cookie crisp cereal now?”
“Dean.”
“Eileen,” Castiel said, only slightly startled.
That’s a new concept. It was still so much to process. That day, the day Cas- Cas died, still hurt to think about. Cas finally being open about this thing between them was something Dean did not see coming. Honestly, he had resigned himself to a lifelong acceptance that Cas was unable to feel anything for Dean that resembled what Dean felt for Cas. Oh, how wrong he was. That angel could make Dean see himself in a light he didn’t believe was possible. He still struggles with it, often, but it’s a start. At least he had gotten over most of the internalized homophobia his dad had ingrained in him—and learnt what ‘internalized homophobia’ even was. (Charlie had been a big help in that department.) And he managed it without a therapist. Well, there were some long, long talks with not only Charlie, but Jody, and Donna, and Garth, and… well let’s just say Dean definitely had help along the way.
*******
. Castiel thought Dean was just being sentimental and trying to hide just how much he cared for Claire.
It was time for Claire to go home.
“Big stash of what, Jack?” Claire arched an eyebrow.
“Got you some oranges, almonds, and whatever veggies were left,” Eileen signed as she spoke.
Eileen emerged from the bunker, a few bags in her hands. She walked over to where Sam was standing in the open passenger door, his head buried in the car. Eileen placed a hand on his lower back and he jumped, hitting his head against the Impala’s roof.
“Which is a good thing.” Castiel cut in. “Lying is not something to be proud of.”
Reluctantly, Dean complied.
Jody came down the porch steps to greet them. “Hiya, kid,” she said, a warm smile on her face, and hugged her. “Sam, Dean,” she turned to brothers emerging from the car, albeit much slower than Claire, “I trust you’ve been keeping yourselves outta trouble?”
“It’s settled, then! Burgers for dinner.” Claire clapped her hands and turned back towards the hallway.
“Aren’t we all,” Castiel replied.
“I’m good. Claire’s got a big stash of-” Jack stopped short as Claire appeared in the doorway.
“No-... no, I… Thank you.” Claire was looking at her feet. So was Dean.
“I’m going to miss you too. More than you know.”
*******
Claire looked up, something fragile in her expression. She pulled the jacket in tight to her chest, then leaned forward to give Dean a quick hug. Dean only tensed for half a second, before returning the gesture, a soft look on his face.
“Good to see you,” she said and patted him twice on the back. Dean rounded the car and Jody gave him the same greeting.
This time, Dean shook his head. A faint smile played on Cas’ lips. Dean realized he was looking at Cas’ lips and quickly tore his gaze away, back up to Cas’ eyes.
Or rather, the lack of sensation. It was like every sense possible was taken away. Everything felt muffled and distant. Ever persistent, Dean had ignored the unsettling atmosphere and began praying to Cas in his mind, hoping that he could still get prayers in the Empty. God, the relief that had washed over Dean when he heard those two simple words:
choice upon me.
Castiel ducked his head, feeling his face flush slightly. God, he can actually blush. Maybe he should rethink this whole human thing.
Cas tilted his head in confusion. “We are here for a good time and a long time, no?”
He sighed, shifting up in his chair. Claire barged into the library, quickly followed by Sam and Cas.
“How are you?”
Dean sat at the library table, slowly working his way through a bottle of whiskey. He didn’t feel the need to rush anymore, and it felt nice. Different, definitely different, but in a welcomed way. He felt like he could finally exhale a breath he’s held his entire life. He and Sam were safe, everyone was un-Thanos snapped, Sam had Eileen, and he had Cas.
Shit, Dean’s still not used to hearing things like that. Doesn’t know if he’ll ever get used to it.
Castiel smiled warmly in response. “Are you hungry? I can make you a peanut butter and jam sandwich. They’re very good.”
“I- I’m worried I took your choice from you.” Dean risked a quick glance up to Cas’ face, prepared for anger, or maybe disgust. Instead, Cas tilted his head—
Essentially, after finding a spell that could tear a small hole between Earth and the Empty, they tied what was basically a magical rope to Dean—that’s how Sam had explained it to him—so he could find his way back, and so they could pull him out if things got hairy (which they often do, seeing as they’re the Winchesters).
… And when he finally did, he had looked up from his tunnel vision to realize exactly how his choices had impacted Cas.
Castiel thought his heart was going to burst. He never, ever would have guessed that he could be any sort of parental figure, with all the things he’d done. Looking at the two young adults before him—well, albeit one with the mind of a toddler—he never thought he would be so proud. Especially with Claire. He had all but ruined her life and yet, here she sat, beaming at a nephilim whom she called her brother. He didn’t deserve them. The capacity that humans had to love constantly amazed him.
Castiel sighed to himself, turning the corner into the bunker’s war room, holding in his hand the jacket that Dean had left in his room. Dean, Sam, and Eileen were helping pack Claire’s belongings, as minimal as they were, into the Impala. Jack was with them, but Castiel very much doubted how much he was helping. Hand on the front door, Castiel looked down at the worn leather jacket in his hands. Claire didn’t know yet, but Dean wanted to give this jacket to her. He had long since outgrown it, but
Claire and Jack jogged over, Claire stopping in front of Dean and Castiel, Jack continuing to Eileen and Sam.
So. Cas loved him.
, Dean thought. How could he not?
Castiel’s grin grew wider, and he caught Dean looking at the two of them, a gentle look on his face. Their eyes met, and a peaceful, pleasant warmth spread through Castiel. This is what family felt like; he knew that now.
Well, to her other home. She had been very clear that the bunker and Jody’s two storey house in Sioux Falls were both her homes. Castiel was eternally grateful that she had come to stay with them for a bit after Castiel was saved from the Empty. It was nice to spend some quality time with her that didn’t involve stabbing, shooting, beheading, or salt’n’burning something. Even though Claire was unflinchingly, concerningly comfortable in situations that involved any or all of those things. Seeing her and Jack interact and bond was something very special to Castiel. He was painfully aware of the lack of traditional familial relations he had to either of them, but his love for them transcended any blood connections. He was an angel with two children.
“It’s been with me on a lot of hunts. Maybe it’ll be with you on a lot of hunts too.”
No—not an angel anymore.
“My old hunting jacket. Now it’s yours. I mean, if you want it. You can just throw it out if you want to-“
“No one,” he said reflexively, “Cas.”
“Yes,” Castiel said. “But when Dean and Sam get back, it’s going away again.”
Did that sound like he was too concerned? Castiel quickly sent a follow-up.
Dean was now struggling to hold tears back.
Sometimes, Castiel swore, you’d think those two were actually blood related. It was eerie how similar they acted.
“You’re the best,” Sam said, also signing. He leaned down to place a simple kiss on Eileen’s lips, which she eagerly returned.
As he was finishing up his meal, Jack wandered into the kitchen.
Heaven-worthy or not, Castiel had missed food, being able to taste more than just molecules. It was amazing the range of flavours that existed, and Castiel was determined to try everything. Perhaps one day they can go on a trip to some foreign country to experience whole new worlds of cuisine. Jack would be ecstatic, Claire would jump at the chance to spread her wings, Sam and Eileen would surely love going sightseeing and learning about local history. And Dean. Castiel could imagine Dean on the coast of some tropical country, beer in hand, lazing about on the beach. He would be so relaxed, so peaceful. It’s the bare minimum of what that man deserves, after the literal hell he’s been through; that they’ve all been through.
A smirk crept across Claire’s face. Before she could open her mouth, Dean pushed gently at her shoulder, “C’mon kid. Dinner’ll get cold.”
Castiel regarded Dean, the sun making his hair appear lighter than Castiel knew it really was. People who called Dean a monster-killing machine really had no idea who the real Dean was. Dean had his ways of showing affection, regardless of conventionality. He wanted to give Jack the tools to make himself comfortable, and that included being able to talk to his friends. He was showing his support of Claire’s interests and goals by giving her his old jacket. There was so much going on under the surface of Dean, and even though Castiel knew that, every once in a while that fact was once again highlighted to him. This was one of those times.
“I want Dean’s input.”
’? “Lying to
“Well then, not too bad, I’d say. Chuck’s a goner, everyone’s alive and safe, and- and, y’know, you’re here,” Dean finished lamely. He flushed and looked down at the glass still in his hand. He stared at it until another hand covered his. Dean looked up to see clear blue eyes watching him, a look on his face that made Dean’s heart twist.
“Y’know, to get you back from the Empty, everything happened so quickly, and I just expected--... I
“Sometimes I forget how much he can act like a toddler,” Eileen signed. “It’s nice he can still enjoy the little things after everything he’s been through. After what you’ve all been through.”
“Thanks,” he said, still looking uncharacteristically shy.
“No, Cas- never mind. It’s a saying.” Fondness flooded through Dean. He hoped it didn’t show on his face. From Sam’s expression, he didn’t feel too confident about the answer.
. Internally, Dean’s eyes widened. Usually he was better at repressing those kinds of thoughts. Yeah, he may have learnt what internalized homophobia was, but that didn’t mean he was suddenly comfortable sharing everything he felt for Cas, feelings he wasn’t even sure he fully grasped yet. He focused back on Cas, who seemed to be winding down his little speech.
“You’ve been through your own share, too,” Castiel noted.
“Dean, I’m going to say this, and I need you to believe me. You did not force
“I know things like this are hard for you to hear, and I don’t expect you to suddenly feel better. But, please, if you’re feeling upset at yourself, come to me, talk to me. Let me know and I’ll tell you this again and again, as many times as you need to hear it: It is not your fault.”
Jody shook her head. “Donna and the girls had to go check out a lead. They should be back by this evening. C’mon, let’s head inside.”
“Are we sure it was a good idea to give Jack a cell phone?” Castiel asked.
Dean was grateful that Cas knew when to leave it, to not push him till his fight or flight is triggered and he ends up saying something he usually regrets. He was really, really fucking glad to have Cas back.
“Yeah.”
He had Cas.
” Cas’ intense stare bore into Dean’s eyes. “I agreed with your plan, regardless of how little time there was. Even if we had hours to discuss the details, I would have made the same decision. Do you know why?”
Claire smiled and walked over to sit down beside Jack. “No, you’re definitely something else, you weirdo. But you’re still my brother.”
Slowly, Dean nodded, still unsure how exactly that had happened, and yet, it was the truth.
Castiel turned to see a giddy, child-like look on Jack’s face.
you to go along with our plan. I- I took your grace, Cas. I didn’t even ask.” Dean’s other hand drifted up to his chest where Cas’ grace still remained in a vial around his neck. They hadn’t decided what to do with it yet.
“Careful!” Eileen laughed, then held out the bags when Sam turned around, a sheepish look on his face.
“We all know what he’s gonna say.” Sam rolled his eyes.
“Here,” said Dean gruffly, handing her the jacket not roughly but not completely gently either.
"Really. So was it with April?" Dean asked.
"So for this spell to send you back, what all do you need?" Misha asked.
Miracle soon found herself at the Farmer's market. Cas always bought those carrots Emma uses to clean her teeth there. She also knew that was where Cas sold his honey. She went to where Cas's honey stand was and...nothing. He must've gone to lunch with Dean at that point. She huffed and laid down under the stand. Suddenly though, some of Cas's patrons came over to where Miracle was lounging while quietly waiting for Cas.
"You did this." Michael said once he had found Gabriel.
"Sorry about that, by the way." Michael said. "We'll fly if you don't mind."
"And Amy was?" Mary asked.
"I took it to the institute of the Pharaoh. Though the curator of the institute pronounces it Afemera. The Intstitute of Afemera. Just weird if you ask me." Jack said.
"Oh GOD!" Cas said.
"Oh cool, you can talk." Jack said. "I'm Jack."
..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
“I hear the barn we first met in is being condemned.” Cas said. “We may buy the property and build a nice acreage where I can keep an apiary and Dean can start a garage.” Cas offered. “Maybe I can even grow peanuts and make my own peanut butter.” Just as he said that, Jack gave Cas the gift of Human feelings for food and such, not needing to give him love as Dean had already taught him how to love. Another thing he did before leaving for Heaven was what Amara had done for Dean.
Filming was postponed due to Dean's emotional breakdown in Misha's trailer, Misha covering for him. They spent the rest of the time exploring each other more, but the location had changed to Jensen's trailer. Dean put on "Miracles" by Jefferson Starship. Since they were to later film an episode where Dean was to name a new species of monster that was part vamp part wraith, the ep was to end with this song playing at the end. There was something sensual between them. They were in their own world as Dean found a stash of Jensen's lube and began to finger Misha. Dean found Misha's prostate and rocked his fingers over that spot for as long as he could swallow Misha's gasps and moans. Misha's hand found purchase in Dean's bicep where Cas had touched him when the Angel "gripped him tight and raised him from perdition", as Cas so profoundly stated all those years ago. Dean had to fight to remember this wasn't Castiel, but he was lost in the pleasure of entering the man who in this universe, brought Castiel to life.
"What the Hell?" Dean asked. "Cas, are you working with more than Crowley?"
"Sounds good." Emma said.
..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
"So Muriel. What was Eustace like?" Sam asked.
"Here's to your first hunt." Dean said. "I'm glad Rowena considers us an ally."
"Well either Gabriel's looking into Mormonism or Clarant caught feelings." Meg said.
"I saw no such thing, your dog and Miracle were doing nothing, I paid attention the whole time. And besides, they're both girls." Emma reiterated.
"Oh, that explains a lot. You look so much like Eustace's brother Horst." She said to Dean. "And your brother Sam has Horst's build. Eustace and Horst never got along. Horst died just after Eustace and I got married. A few years later, I found my Courage. Eustace just died a few months ago, sadly. So I'm afraid you missed meeting him." Muriel said as she served Dean some tea. "Would you like some blackberry pie? I made it for dessert this morning."
"Thank God, Cas." Dean said as they embraced. "I was so worried about you. Wait, are you still fully juiced?"
Dean got a knock on the door. "Jensen, get ready. We're about to shoot a scene for this new episode." The set director called as Dean jolted from his couch, waking Misha.
"Thomas!" She gasped and grabbed her sword. "Get out or I will stab you." She growled as she pointed it at her brother.
"Hidy-ho, Dean." Garth said as he waved to him in the Bel-Air.
"Son, you know our help eats food we provide in the scullery." Charles reminded Cas.
"Just want to do a simple spell to eradicate Amazons. I wasn't hoping to come across one though so soon." Dale said. Emma began to struggle, but Giselle found her swiss army knife Dean had given her after she began to work at the roadhouse.
"It happened after the Leviathans took over your body." Dean said. "We were working a case of men fitting my type of person being killed left and right. I slept with a waitress who I didn't know was an Amazon until I found out I got her pregnant with Emma." Dean said as he was eating bowl after bowl of peanut butter curry soup that Cas had made. "Emma confronted me at the end of the case, wanting her powers that as you know, Amazons gain by killing their fathers. While we were reasoning what Patricide meant, Sam came in and shot her in the head." Dean sighed and Cas patted his fiancee's shoulder.
"NO!" Dean screamed. But just then, black ooze popped out of Cas's stomach, sending them both into Purgatory temporarily.
"My bondmate." Cas said before he passed out.
..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
The End
"I can't kick him out, he needs somewhere to go and this is the only place for all of us to feel safe in." Dean said.
"How do I do that?" Jacob asked.
"He's working on Baby out back. I'll go get him." Cas said as he went to get Dean.
"Nah, I'm good. Maybe once I've found a place for myself. Love y'all, hope to go to the wedding." Emma said as she exited through the front door. That night, Dean and Cas slept downstairs.
"According to Sparky here, a witch kidnapped her after he accused Miracle of humping his dog which turned out was his familiar. She didn't see where Emma was taken, she went to get you. First, Claire chased him away and then she got tired and hungry. She tasted the butcher's wares at the shop before going to find Cas at his kiosk." Gabriel said. "That's where she found out about the diner. By the way? Sparky kinda wants her." Gabriel whispered as they looked at Sparky offering Miracle a fool's Queen bee, Miracle licking his cheek.
"Come on, we need to get to Sam." Cas said. Suddenly, Sam came in.
"Damn." Emma said.
"No, not really. Sam and I, we just discovered we have some family in a town called Nowhere. Sam's looking that place up right now." Dean explained. "How's Godwork?"
"Blasphemy. Though that would explain why you kissed me. But I don't know what to believe anyhow." Cas said. Suddenly, 2011 Dean, Bobby, Crowley and Raphael stormed the warehouse.
"Thanks." Cas said. "What song you wanna listen to tonight?"
"I'll be up, babe." Sam said and she smiled as she walked upstairs to prepare herself. Once she was out of earshot, Sam smacked Dean's shoulder.
"You're the most amazing person I've known." Cas said as he kissed Dean's neck. Dean moaned and pulled Cas in for yet another kiss.
"Not surprisingly." Death deadpanned. "The pickle chips are to die for, by the way. Thank you. But I do have people to collect, so little time." Death said as he left. "Good night, boys."
"Careful, Crowley. Just because I'm a Demon doesn't mean my body's expendable." Dean said as he got out from under Baby. "She's all tuned up and ready to be purred." Dean crooned as he turned her ignition and Baby roared like a dream. "Look at that. What a team we make, right, Blackbird?" Dean asked as he kissed Cas deeply. "So what do you want him to tell me?" Dean asked Crowley. Crowley just shook his head.
"Our Lawrence?" Dean asked. Sam nodded. "Huh, interesting. Well, Miracle's ready for the drive there. Let's get going." Dean said as he grabbed his bags and called Miracle to come to him. As he loaded the duffle bags into Baby's trunk, Dean lowered his head and began to cry, remembering how Cas told him he loved him and the Empty sucked Cas and Billie up into the Empty, leaving him in the dungeon to break down. Suddenly, he was on the ground, crying against Baby's back wheel and just cried, Miracle sitting in her master's lap to try and comfort him.
"Why? The referee's just doing his job." Cas explained.
"Impi. I'm so sorry, my baby." He cried, heartbroken and downtrodden. He prayed that things would get better over time.
"Yeah, what a bitch. Want another ginger ale?" Dean asked.
"Boy did YOU get old." Emma said as she stood up.
"Busy, but warm. We're like a big family here." Lucifer emphasized by hugging his new future brother-in-law. All of a sudden though, Dean pulled away the moment he saw a family friend he never thought he'd see again.
When they woke up, Cas gasped. "What the hell happened?" Cas asked.
"I'm sorry?" Claire asked.
"SOUNDS PERFECT!" Dean hollered back and watched as Misha walked away in that trench coat.
"In the future, after I become a Demon. I sing "Blackbird" to you after." Cas smiled. They started to undress each other and kissed once their shirts were off. Dean kissed Cas's neck softly as he reached down to undo his and Cas's flies before rolling himself and Cas over so Cas topped.
"Come try the cake." Eileen signed. "It's peanut butter chocolate with a banana coconut butter cream. Sam made the butter cream."
..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
"Don't even, Michael. I need to roam in an area of compassion. I'm leaving now. Tell Castiel I'll miss him and we'll see each other again." Gabriel said as Michael nodded, shaking his head.
"Castiel, my brother." Anna said as she welcomed Castiel with open arms.
Dean was making calls all day. Emma, who'd had her work cut out for her all day, had been busy working on quite a few big projects. Including a '59 Nomad.
Dean got Miracle ready to ride in the car when Jack flew in. "Hey, Dean. Going on a case?" Jack asked.
"Then I proceeded to ask him if he'd ever gotten laid. He was skittish about the whole conversation, leading me to realize Cas was a virgin. In all kinds of ways." Dean said. "He was at the time of course. He later had sex with a reaper named April when he was living as a Human. Sam, who'd been possessed by an Angel named Gadreel for a while, brought him back to life. But anyway, I told him I wasn't gonna let him die a virgin on my watch, so I took him to a brothel. I ordered us each a drink and I had a waitress take Cas into one of the private rooms. However, Cas told the woman it wasn't her fault her father never showed her love or something, and she screamed for security and we had to get the hell out before security called the cops." Dean said. "The hardest I laughed in years. I guess, that's when I realized I was in love with him." Dean said as he kissed Cas's temple, stroking his hand. Adam and Michael swooned as the waitress came back with the chocolate milks and the milkshake for Dean and Cas.
"What brings you by, Shirley?" Courage asked.
"Just you. I told you, I only care about you. Because I'm a Demon, I care no more for the Human friends I had, but I still care about you." Dean said as he redressed.
"I'd like to, Dad. Plus I do pass for 16 despite being 9, so working two jobs would be great. What about school studies? I'm gonna have to apply to classes online." Emma realized.
"It's fine, I'll get up. Oh hi, Castiel." Emma said when she looked up.
"Castiel." Dean began, flashing back on what he was telling him as a lure from that night. "We need you for a little powwow here, so come on down." Dean recited by heart.
"He brought us back from Heaven and the Empty and he reunited us with help from Amara." Adam said. "We're not addressing whose body he's using as a vessel, but we're making it work." They both blushed and Dean and Sam just gulped as the two began to make out.
"Stay with me, brother? I don't wanna be alone." Castiel begged.
"Exactly. Being a hunter is dangerous, unforgiving and barely rewarding. But you save people while ganking monsters. The family business." Dean explained.
..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
"Part of why I started the bakery with Dad." Emma said. Dean smiled, beaming with pride at his little girl.
"Yes. I bumped into Dean and Sam Winchester while I was having some fun at a university. And I had recently put Sam in a time loop where Dean keeps dying. He was going to Hell because of the grand design." Gabriel said.
..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
"Hey, all in the past. Sorry Lucifer blew you up." Michael said.
"I don't know much about pop culture, you know that." Cas said.
"Well My name is Dean Winchester and this is my little brother Sam. We recently found a book of our family history and our mom's side of the family showed a picture of an Ickett Bagge, whose son Eustace was said to live here." Dean explained.
Sam was pissed the next day when Dean told him Misha knows everything now. Dean didn't care.
"Insectstanance?" Dean echoed, confused.
"Well damn." Sam said.
"Dean is ours, Sister. Remember who your family is." Thomas husked into Meg's ear.
"Please, call me Cas." Cas purred, throwing back what Dean had said to him when Dean was blowing Cas.
"Sounds good." Cas said as he pulled Dean into the living room and sat him down, then sat in Dean's lap.
"I can't deny that theory, baby." Dean added as he pulled Cas down to him and cuddled him as they fell asleep. They were content as they slumbered in each other's arms.
"Of COURSE I LOVE YOU TOO YOU IDIOT! When I prayed to you when you went back to Purgatory, I meant more than just I forgive you, but because you're, well you? I didn't think you got "I love you" out of "I forgive you". So I was trying to tell you that when you told me you heard it." Dean said. "And when you said you didn't think you could ever have what you want, it made me realize you didn't understand at all. You told me you love me and I can't live without you, man. I've been trying. I really have. But after this last time? I've actually considered-" Dean sighed as he realized he was beginning to cry. "Remember that bullet Bobby used to keep in his desk before his house blew up? He said I was the reason he never used it. So I thought if I ever lost you again, I would have that same system." Dean admitted through heavy breaths and hard falling tears.
"We will." Michael said as he kissed Adam just as romantically as Dean and Cas had. Suddenly, the Entity came back from the Empty.
"You okay, boy?" Dean asked. Airfry huffed apologetically and lowered his head.
Dean uncovers a secret book in the Men of Letters bunker recording everyone from Henry and his family to Mary's side of the family.
"God no. Michael and I aren't bitter, we've grown attached and I was just as stuck in the Empty as Michael was after Chuck had killed us." Adam said. "I even saw how happy you and Cas made each other." Adam added, addressing Dean as he touched Michael's hand.
Along the drive, Dean decided to calmly explain all things Cas hadn't known yet from pop culture to porn. Porn was the first thing that needed to be explained because he was really confused by the Pizza man.
"Jensen staying for dinner tonight?" Genevieve asked. Sam was just confused.
"What?" Dean asked, confused. Cas lightly chuckled.
“Great, I’ll bring the dog.” Lucifer said as he soon flew himself and the dog into the bunker. “A lot gloomier than I last saw it.” Lucifer quipped when he set the dog down.
Obviously, he didn't expect Crowley to hear him singing though. So he was instantly startled when Crowley began clapping.
..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
"Ground lamb, I think jimmy would've preferred lamb to beef. Has a better texture." Dean said. Sam sighed.
"Sounds great, babe. Oh, I better go, a client's about to walk in." Dean said.
"Gabriel's watching over Kali now that she's with child and Michael's in rut. Do you want him to trigger heats in the scullery?" Cas scolded.
"I think we topped Sam and Molly." Cas said after a muted moment once the song had ended. Dean laughed and kissed Cas.
After breakfast, Dean strolled around the grounds as Lucifer gave him a tour and introduced him to many members of the group. "That's the crop garden, Uriel and Joshua tend that. Their Alpha at the gardens is Benny. He's a bit of a flirt, but he has a wife named Andrea. And in charge of the cattle and pigs is usually Garth, but he also gets help from his wife. She grew up on a farm. Her stepmother killed her father though in a sacrificial ritual when she and Garth first wed. And we have Betas learn medicine among other things Omegas usually learn. Cas wants us all equally equipped." Lucifer was explaining.
"Sunshine?" Sam scolded.
"Dean Winchester." Dean shook Cas's hand. "The girl fixing your niece's drink and her own frappuccino is my daughter Emma." He directed to Emma in his peripheral. Emma waved and finished the drinks.
"I think he said that too. He said I could trust him, so I asked him to heal Sam. He's been wearing Sam this whole time to completely heal him from the inside out. He'll occasionally use his own powers to heal others when need be. For instance, when the Djinn poison was killing you.
"I see." John said.
"He what?" Michael asked.
"Oh pleasepleasepleasepleasepleeeeeeaaaaaaaase can we start with that?" Dean asked.
"Our?" Michael asked.
"And I assume, if Raphael's here, Balthazar's dead now then?" Dean asked.
“Without Dean and Cas, we’re sunk. Do you know where we can find Amara? We could use her help.” Sam said as he drank a beer.
"So, have you and Castiel set a date yet?" Ellen asked, changing the topic.
"Dean, I'd like you to come with me. Can you do that?" Cas asked. Dean nodded, then Cas took Dean's hand as they walked out of what Cas considered practically a prison.
"Hey, wait. You're not supposed to go in there!" Claire called out as she chased Miracle with a harness Dean kept on a hook outside in case stray dogs came over to the building. Not wanting to be mistaken for a stray at the pound, she ran out and gave up going to Dean's office, then just bolted for downtown. "HAVE A GOOD DAY!" Claire called out as she waved to the dog. "I think they got the message."
"We're all Humans, Mother. Just because Dean's an Omega, doesn't mean he doesn't have rights." Lucifer growled. "Kelly had rights."
"We're close in this universe as best friends since we're brothers onset." Dean explained once they were in Jensen's trailer.
"That's great, let's go then." Dean said.
"Nonsense, Samandriel. You shouldn't need to help the help. Otherwise, what's the point in getting them?" Naomi snarked and Samandriel hanged his head low in shame for his mother.
..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
"Where'd you go?" Cas asked.
"I had to stop a few times to pee." Michael said. "Apparently, Aunt Amara gifted me the ability to taste, use the restroom and other Human functions. Adam taught me to love though." Michael sighed.
"I thought you'd like the present. Michael taught me how to make the metal used to make Angel blades and I didn't want to destroy yours just for this. Sure it would be sentimental, but what if you need to fight something fast and you couldn't find it?" Dean asked.
"What's needed to be done?" Dean asked. Just then, King Charles and Queen Naomi appeared.
"Training Gym?" Dean asked.
"Pretty much." Dean said.
"I see." The jeweler said.
"Didn't you work with him once?" Dean asked as he flew in from behind Crowley.
"Dad, call your fiancee, I know he's an Angel." Emma said as Dean began to bleed out. "I'm not here to kill you and Castiel, I'm here to get my powers. I had a plan, he was gonna resurrect you after I got my powers, call Castiel." Emma said again and Dean did as Emma said, calling Cas.
"Hey, Eileen and I are going grocery shopping, you need anything?" Sam asked.
“We could also use Dad’s help. He was right about Grandpa to begin with.” Jack said with a sigh.
"Yep. It's more than just samples, it's a bakery display. Clean up and I'll show you." Cas said as he kissed Dean back. Dean agreed and went to clean off. "So what engine did you put inside Baby?" Cas asked curiously.
"What is that?" Dean asked.
“Oh, Jack. I want to give you back your Grace.” Lucifer said as he cut Jack’s Grace out of him and Jack breathed it back in. Jack then closed Lucifer’s neck.
"And the Leviathans?" Dean asked.
“Yeah, when you die in one form, you tend to come back in that form afterwards. Like Nick before I possessed Vince Vincente and later Castiel. Sorry about your loss, by the way. But I think I have an idea. Our Aunt Amara has a bit of history with the Empty, yeah? They may be able to make a deal with her if I offer myself.” Lucifer said. Jack was surprised.
"We have a new guest, ladies." Gabriel said as he came in. "Ellen, come meet Dean, Lord of Winchester. He's gonna be staying indefinitely. He's skin and bones, Ellen. Any chance we can give him some insectstanance?" Gabriel asked.
"I wish I could tell him I loved him too before he-" Dean was caught off by Sam calling him.
"Of course, but there were some demons still who followed Lilith who were hanging around, so I had to make that speech." Ruby said. "Once I told Cas this while giving him information on the thing you were looking for when Cas was in the Empty to look for me, he promised he'd find a way to let me out so I could tell everyone. Only a few knew of my plan. Including the one we bumped into after the first time we slept together, Sam."
"Ickett Bagge. Interesting name. Apparently, we're related to him through Grandpa Samuel's grandmother. Ickett's her brother." Dean said. "Married into the Campbell family, had Grandpa Samuel's father and the rest is history."
"So that's where they are?" Bobby asked.
"Here's your bubble tea. Mind if I sit with you? I'm on break." Emma said. Claire nodded. Dean brought over the turnover, scone and cream cheese and they ate happily. Then he went back to taking Castiel's order.
“Imagine if that girls’ school managed to find out you’re officially canon.” Sam began to tease. “The musical they’d be making out of that.” Jess punched Sam’s arm.
..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
"You've never seen him beat up Naomi." Charles groaned. "It was brutal." Azazel sighed.
The house was amazing. Everything Dean had wanted, a back yard for Miracle and Cas loved the peanut grinder and apiary Dean had set up for him. Especially with the tap so as not to disturb the bees.
"I know, but we're way past it. The plan's too far gone to stop it from happening." Dean sighed sadly. "I have to do this, to make sure you're safe. To keep the whole world safe and to stop this bitter war with Raphael." Cas said as he looked up towards Raphael.
Dean had some cream soda on hand for the pizza. He didn't even know what Misha's favorite beer would be, but he dug up some interesting tidbits about Misha. Like how orange was his favorite color. A&W Cream soda looked orange to him, so he bought a couple bottles, one each for him and Misha to enjoy. He was checking for last minute set-up when he heard a knock on the door. "Jen? It's Misha. I got-a the pizz-a." Misha put on a brief Italian accent and Dean's heart leaped in amusement and shock.
"Sorry, got excited. My favorite baby brother's getting married and to my favorite Human's the one making an honest Angel out of him." Gabriel said as he wheeled the trolley in. "Now we got our cream cakes, pie cakes as they're VERY trendy, your cheesecakes, red velvet, devil's food, Angel food, black forest, better than sex, tres leches, boston cream pie, basically any and all cakey confectionery you can dream of eating. Dean home?" Gabriel asked.
"Well it seems you're desolate." Balthazar said as he dropped the ingredients down for a powerful spell onto Dean's bed.
"Had to forego it, Sam threw it away. Damn shame too, I paid a lot of money for that bacon. Just because I'm a Demon doesn't mean I can't eat pork products." Dean huffed and Cas giggled.
"Cas, you can taste again so feel free to have some more pie with Dean." Jack said. Cas went in with Dean and they ate pie together as recommended. Suddenly, Rowena came in with a strong gust of wind.
"I found the receipt for my ring while I was cleaning upstairs and I decided I should do something for you to celebrate our union." Cas said as he kissed Dean's nose, then took the necklace out of the case to put it back around Dean's neck. "The blue eyes represent bloodstone, which is one of the two birthstones of the guy they thought you were in that alternate world where your life was a TV show, Jensen Ackles, Sam said his name was?" Cas asked as Dean nodded in confirmation. "And then the mouth has been colored with your birthstone, Garnet." Dean chuckled and then swooned.
“Oh Dean, it’s beautiful. It had to have cost a forturne.” Cas said.
"You want this ball? Okay, girl. GO GET THE BALL!" Emma called as she threw it as far as she wanted it to without throwing it out of the park. Miracle caught it in no time at all and ran right back to her. "GOOD girl, Miracle." Emma said as she kissed his forehead. "I know we've only been here a few minutes, but we need to get back to Dad." Emma said as Miracle got leashed. Suddenly, Dale held Emma back.
"Hey, what about me?" Ellen asked when she walked over with some lemonade. "I missed you just as much." Ellen joined in the hug and Dean hugged her even tighter.
..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
"Yeah, come on down and try it since you're done with homework." Cas said.
I'm thinking of later including the idea that Alphas can mate with female Alphas. Since women should still give birth, it can't just be male Omegas and female Omegas. All women whether they're Betas and Alphas should still give birth. What you you think of that idea?
"We'll be going to zoos and farms for field trips to learn about the behaviors. One of them has a humane apiary where the honey comes out from a tap." Castiel said.
"Thanks, Mom." Dean said. "I missed you and Dad so much." Dean said as he hugged Mary back tighter than he hugged Jo.
Dean continued to sing to Cas until he finished the refrain and soon, Cas's lips were all over Dean's. Dean set the guitar down and pulled his Angel close to him as they began to slowly make out.
..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
"Castiel, Dean Winchester is in Hell." He began impersonating his dad. "Your garrison is the only one equipped with the training to siege into Hell and rescue him." Castiel heard the words loud and clear. Michael was very angry once he found out Castiel was saving Dean.
"How do I know you care about me?" Cas asked. Dean kissed Cas and held his hand.
"Oh, Miracle. You found a little friend. Hi, buddy. Name's Dean." Dean said as he patted Courage on the head. Courage smiled as he breathed a sigh of relief. as Sam knocked on the door.
The travel was exhausting from Thunderlief estate to Castle Shurley. It would be even for Castiel and Lucifer. Their relationship with their parents has never really been cordial.
"Sorry I'm late, I had to temporarily separate from Amara to let her take over until I was done bonding with family." Jack explained. "You must be my stepsister. Amara told me about you and I learned a bit about you from reading Dean's thoughts when I woke him up the first time. We were working a case in Tombstone, Arizona. The setting of the battle at OK Corral." Jack said and Dean couldn't be prouder to know Jack had remembered that. Then he whispered in Cas's ear.
"A Winchester?" Dale gulped and Giselle cocked an eyebrow.
"Where's the hat?" Courage and Dean asked.
..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
“Thanks, Jess. Congratulations on the baby, by the way. I can’t wait to be an uncle.” Dean said with a smile.
“Oh God, baby. Yes. Yes, YES DEAN YES HARDER MORE! YESDEANYESGODDEANYES!” Cas was howling into darkness as Dean thrusted hard, hitting the Angel’s prostate. The Entity just continued to pound his head against the wall. Suddenly, Amara appeared.
"As long as you call me after this, then yes." Castiel said as he smashed his lips into Dean's and they began to strip each other of their clothes. Dean peppered Cas's neck with kisses as he picked the older man up and placed him on the table. Dean kissed down Cas's body as he unzipped and pulled down Cas's pants and boxers. He smelled Cas's musk from his crotch and he was aromatic. One lick, then two and Cas was twitching again. Meanwhile, Emma and Claire were just outside the door when they caught their dad and uncle respectively.
"Dean of Winchester, wonderful to finally meet you." Amelia said as she hugged Dean. "I hope we can become good friends, you and I. James and Castiel try to visit each other quite often. They've done this circle thing ever since they met when they were ten years old. James tells me of it often." Amelia explained.
"He kept trying to get me to believe what he told me was true." Cas explained. "He even gifted me this obsidian blackbird with a note." Cas said as he gave Sam the note that came with the blackbird.
Dean answered the door when he heard a knock on it. When he got there, a six-pack of beer was sitting on the porch.
"Oh yes, we met a long time ago. I used to play with his brother. Him, me and Megana." Meg explained. "How'd you find yourself in Thor's orchard?"
18 months later, back in the world where the boys' lives are a TV show, Jensen and Misha were making discoveries of their own.
"That movie didn't do this song justice. Nor did the original singer, frankly." Dean began as he nuzzled Cas's neck once he was down to the same level of nakedness as his soon-to-be lover. "But then, in 1965, the Righteous Brothers, a musical duo of two men, covered this song and it became more popularized over time. Then it became even more popular when they used the song in the movie Ghost, when Molly teaches Sam how to work the pottery wheel and it leads to Molly not only losing her commission on the pottery piece she was working on, but also to if not thee, then one of the most iconic sex scenes in cinematic history." Dean purred as he gently led Cas to their bed. There, Dean began to slide Cas's boxers down, then gently slid his hands up the former Angel's body, running them over Cas's fleshy rump in a slow, caressing motion. The action caused Cas to gasp as his dick began to flag. Then Dean ran his hands slowly up Cas's back as he stared lovingly into Cas's eyes, all the while moving his hands up to Cas's scapulas, shoulders, clavicles and then slid them down Cas's chest. His hands then left Cas's chest to find Cas's hands and guide them to do the same thing he did to the older man. One hand found its way back to Cas's heart as Dean felt it beat. Cas found the bicep where he had first marked Dean five years prior and that hand stayed there while his other hand found where Dean's heart was in
"So how does this wish tree work?" Sam asked.
"Whoa whoa, Cas. You okay?" Dean asked as he tried to help Cas up.
Dean was back from yet another day working the plumbing on the roadhouse when he saw someone sitting on the sofa petting Miracle.
"What do you think I'm gonna do with my blackbird's grace? I'm gonna heal his wings and fix his eyes." Dean said as he and Crowley kidnapped Metatron.
"Fine then, if you don't want him here, I'll go with him. We need to catch up anyway, just keep me updated on Sam's progress." Dean said as he went to pack a duffel, then talked to Cas.
"That's nice." Dean said.
"You needed the food more than me. And Father didn't need to feed me, I've lived in unfair conditions when we were without produce. Prince Azazel and his young son were evil in killing Mother." Dean finished packing his bags and got up out of his bed. "Kiss Adam goodbye for me, I'll start writing you once I'm settled." Dean and Sammy hugged one more time and Dean walked out of his room to embrace his new master and home. "I'm ready to go now." Dean said.
..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
"Good boy." Emma mumbled as she sipped some more of her ginger ale.
"It's too late, Raphael." Cas said as he opened the wall to Purgatory himself and started absorbing the souls. Both Deans, Bobby, Crowley and Raphael watched in a mixture of fear of rage as Cas absorbed the souls. When he was done though, after snapping Raphael dead, Dean stabbed him with the blade.
"Stupid baker helping dog." Eustace said as he headed towards Courage.
"I got four tote bags. I bought a ton of nougat." Jack said as he started eating a nougat bar. Suddenly, the Mandroid conspiracist and Victor came in, but so did the ghost of the psychiatrist who did terrible experiments. But he wasn't alone as soon, Doc Gerbil was right next to him. They kidnapped Muriel and Courage screamed out.
"I'll get started on a hangar for him." Cas said. "But first, let's eat that cake?" Cas asked.
"I'm your huckleberry too." Dean said as he kissed behind Cas's ear and pinched his ass. Cas lightly chuckled and pinched Dean's left inner thigh.
"So who else is alive again?" Dean asked.
"I know. You know, I bought a guitar the other day." Dean said.
“Don’t do this Cas.” Dean whimpered as he ran to Cas. Cas pushed him away.
"Hey, babe. How was Antarctica?" Dean asked.
"He only presented three days ago. I didn't want to sell him off, but after losing everything when our farmland was attacked years ago and my beloved Mary had died in the attack, Dean took over taking care of his little brother who recently presented early as Alpha. My youngest son, Adam. He needs to eat. His mother had died in childbirth a couple years ago. He's two now." the King nodded sympathetically. "As soon as Dean presented Omega, I bought him a special toy to help him through it. Other than that, he's still untouched by human appendages." Lord John said as he went to check on his oldest son.
"Of course, James." Castiel agreed. Dean blushed. Meanwhile, Thomas was informing to his father.
..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
"You're a Groom too though. I want you to get what makes you happy." Dean said.
"Meg, Crowley, me obviously, a few of us that actually liked you. The other demons are actually either in the Empty or being reeducated in Hell." Ruby said.
"30,000 pounds. As we agreed. He is still pure, Lord Winchester?" King Charles said as he looked into Dean's bedroom.
"CAS!" Dean cried out as he ran to hug Castiel. "I thought you were dead. How'd you survive?"
"It's not exactly unrewarding, you got Cas and Miracle out of it." Emma said and Dean smiled thinking about that. Just then, a honking noise came up from the front of the house.
By the end of the night, the desserts were passed around and Emma gave Jess a slice from upstairs. It was clear she and Sam were gonna have to stay the night and Emma was going into a different room before Jess went into the guest room Mary showed her before taking her empty plates.
"I let Raphael take the fall after Crowley double-crossed me. They decimated him. Then all of Raphael's followers disbanded." Cas said.
"Not only that." Emma said. Suddenly, Rowena came back from Hell to see on all the witches that are gonna be demons.
"Dean? What're you doing here?" Cas asked.
"Home crap home." Lucifer snarked again. Castiel sighed and sent his horse, a white camarillo named Blade, to the stable. Lucifer's horse, Frostbite was guided the same place as the two entered the entrance to the castle.
"Cas, I promise it's me." Dean said. "You want me to prove it's me?" He started to think about how he could prove to Cas he was real and he was alive, just on the opposite side of him. "The tape. The mixtape I made you. My top 13 favorite Led Zepplin songs. You have that tape, right?" Dean asked. Cas nodded.
"What would you like for proof that I'm truthful? Because I promise I love you, Cas." Dean assured his lover.
"Oh, sorry I haven't come in yet, Dad. Jacob offered to drive me home after we finished fixing his car and I locked up once closing time hit. He pulled into the drive, I thanked him, one thing led to another and you caught us kissing just now." Emma explained.
"And there's the man of the hour himself. Hello, Michael." Lucifer said.
"Here, hon. You probably should eat some pork belly. It'll give you both protein and fat. You need a little bit of both in your diet." Ellen offered. Dean ate it and thanked her. Cas and Lucifer came in shortly after and smiled.
Dean was mopping the floor when he got a call. Curious, he went to answer.
"We need to watch a lot of television and movies to catch you up." Dean said as he nuzzled Cas's temple. "I'll even make you more mixtapes. From the Beatles to Elvis to even Eric Clapton. "Tears in Heaven" needs to be skipped though because it's sad. He wrote it after his son fell out of a window at the hotel room they were all staying in. I'm not letting you go, Angel." Dean kissed Cas's palm and petted his hair.
“That’s thoughtful of you, Dean.” Cas said as he got lost in washing the dishes. Once they finished washing and drying, Dean pulled him into a dance, putting on a song they first listened to when they officially moved into their new home.
"Why on Earth would you want that pathetic shell of Angel vessel?" Crowley asked.
"Tempting as that is, I can't remember the last time we made love." Dean said as he pushed Cas's shirt off and kissed his chest, brushing lush lips against his fiancee's nipples.
"I knew Cas would revive him." Emma said. That's why after I stabbed Dad, I had him call for Castiel so he could bring him back to life after he died. I even had Cas monitor it. Isn't that right, Cas?" Emma asked.
"I missed you too, dear sister." Castiel said as he hugged his older sister back. "Mmm, smells like rack of lamb. And rotisserie roasted fois gras? Mouth-watering. Who's making tonight's meal?" Castiel asked.
"My mom felt just as robbed. She'd never had a child before, she was nervous and always wanted to be a mom. The night Dean Winchester impregnated her was the best night of her life because that meant she was finally a mom. That next day, she happy cried when she felt me coming. She knew my name was gonna be Emma from the very beginning and I was a blessing. She's been hunting Sam this whole time after what had happened. I may be an Amazon, but I'm still a Winchester and I've grown to love my family. You gotta let go, I even had to call my mom telling her to let it go. You gotta too." Emma said and Jacob pounded his fists one last time before changing back to his Human form.
"She's gorgeous, but her paint needs a little work. No worries, I'll drive her quick to the restoration shop. If that's fine with you, Dad?" Emma asked.
"I'd like that. Dean definitely would, that I know." Cas said as he watched Dean happy crying on Bobby's shoulder, Bobby beginning to grow emotional as well.
"Of course, Jack. Would you like strawberry cream cheese on it like usual?" The professor asked and the little boy, Jack, nodded enthusiastically. Luckily, Dean had just bought a container of strawberry cream cheese to put on the scones. "You want a scone or turnover, Claire?" He asked the older youth, a girl seemingly the same age as Emma.
"So what brings you to our cozy little home?" Muriel asked.
Dean was taking calls from all his clients after lunch. Between those calls though, Cas called.
“Good to have you back, but I never wanna see that much of you again.” Sam said as he patted Dean on the back and then hugged him, then hugged Cas. “Otherwise, welcome home, guys.”
"Why yes I did, Deano. You and Cassie want a slice?" Gabriel asked.
"I'd say so." Dean agreed. Jack playfully shook his head and continued on eating his cake slice. Cas also ate a slice and smiled. Amara giving him the gift of taste as an Angel has always been the best thing. But then he remembered he wanted to give something to Dean.
"You mean you intended this?" Michael growled.
"Death loved the pizza there, even offered me a slice of his pizza while we were talking. You in the mood for that pizza, baby?" Dean asked.
..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
"I'll show you to my room, you can lay down there while you eat." Emma said.
“Cas, to finally let you know after all this time how much you mean to me? I thought I was gonna lose you and with Jack visiting on occasion, I feel we should have a more official title to what we are.” Dean said as he knelt down and pulled out a box. Inside was a honeybee shaped ring with stripes of Citron and Obsidian and Diamond eyes and wings. Cas was in awe at the look of it once Dean opened the box.
"GISELLE!" Dale ran towards her, but then Emma gripped his neck.
"Ever consider culinary school, Miss Winchester?" Castiel asked.
"I see you met Dean, he's an eager Omega, don't you think?" Charles asked. Castiel nibbled his lower lip and sighed. Dean was someone he hoped he could get to know better during this visit. In the meantime, he heard footsteps coming from behind him and he turned to pick up his younger brother, Samandriel.
"You are legacies of the Stupid one? Are you stupid too?" Shirley asked.
"In the future, we are lovers." Dean said.
"Kelly was royalty." Naomi retorted and Lucifer fumed again. Dean suddenly came out with the next course.
"It's a time portal, much different from alternate world portals. Interesting, I haven't seen one of these since the night your father left me. I tried to figure out what I did wrong. Turns out, the man was just a pig. I'm so sorry, Fergus." Rowena said.
Cas watched Dean sleep as he usually did. He was about to put his engagement ring on when Dean stretched. "Good morning, my Angel of the morning." Dean said as he turned to face the love of his life. Cas giggled when Dean called him that. "Touch my cheek before you leave me?" He asked.
“Oh, my baby.” She tries to walk forward but is unable to move her feet.
Jesse looks over at Cass, “I’m not sure which is weirder.”
“You're the one who looked beautiful. I mean after the hours you spent doing your hair how could you not.”
“Sam?”
Cass sighs and sits down. “Cassiel was the last of the Archangels to be created. That’s why they’re lesser-known. Only some religious sects even consider them an Archangel. They were created to watch over those humans who are weak or vulnerable but they were like Lucifer, they couldn’t love humanity. In fact, they hated the whole species from the very beginning. Anyway, before they fell, they were tasked with training the newly created Angels, which included me. We became close and continued working together after the others were trained. We were friends.
"You told Castiel to save Dean Winchester. My sword is inside Dean Winchester, Gabriel.
"Sam and I found her at an abandoned gas station a few months ago. She's been with us ever since. She kinda serves as a therapy dog for me." Dean said as he took a bite of the pie. He then began to dig in like Miracle and Courage dug into their dog food.
"I bought the curtains the seeds came with the first time and Courage grew a tree. But then Eustace killed it out of jealousy.
"Mmm, you're right. Peanut butter and bacon are really good." Dean said. "Especially toasted. Want a bite?" Dean asked Cas. Cas took a bite and offered a bite of his burger to Dean, which Dean obliged. They each took a bite of each other's meal and they were in awe.
"I'll get on dusting the new hangar pronto." Cas said. Dean giggled and they held each other as they watched Miracle sniff at Airfry, who turned Human to play with him.
"Good day, Sunshine" Dean said when Cas woke up about an hour after Dean did. "You're adorable when you sleep."
"Good day, Sunshine." Dean said to Cas. Sam frowned at Cas.
"Dean, thank you. You okay?" Sam asked.
“Thanks, Dean.” Jess said as she hugged him.
"Thanks." Jess said as she went upstairs with Emma to rest. Meanwhile, Dean was still looking at his plate.
"Lucifer's in the Empty, Jack's been entrusted to us by his mom and Mary and John are back. Jack almost killed her when Lucifer stole his Grace after an incident, but I was able to steal it back from Lucifer and give it back to Jack so he could get back to living. But we do have a Demon working with us named Belphegor. Jack trusts him, but I'm a bit weary of him. Balthazar's kinda taken Belphegor under his wing to keep him straight and narrow.
"Amara made a deal. Lucifer in exchange for Jack. She happened to be around when Jack was in Heaven visiting his mother." Sam said. "Cas was there. He was about to beg they take him instead of Jack, but Amara jumped in right then."
“What?” Chuck asked as he gasped. “But how?”
Life was sweet. Not just because of the burgers either.
"Fine. I'll wait in the car for you to say your goodnights. But don't go taking him on a roller coaster and letting him finger you during the ride." Dean said.
"Oh, promise you won't freak out?" Dean asked as he made Cas a cheeseburger with lamb and fontina. Cas nodded as he took a bite of his burger.
"Hey, Gen." Dean said as he walked in with Sam. Genevieve kissed Sam deeply before hugging him.
A couple days later, once Cas's grace was fully restored and things were less crazy, Dean appeared with his guitar that he had bought and began to play for Cas the second he came into the room.
"The V-8 of a Corvette. She deserves the best." Dean said as he pulled out a box for Cas. "Just as you do." He pulled Cas to him again and opened the box to show him the new gift.
"A library, how original." Dean guffawed as he went in and collected the grace and found the Demon tablet. Then he returned to the bunker. "Hannah lock Metatron back up safe and sound?" Dean asked.
"How could I? He scared me when he took on Chuck's abilities. No thanks to you, by the way." Dean huffed.
"So that's why Michael hid his sword inside of me when he and Dad conceived me with Mom?" Dean asked.
"Mmm, we're gonna put you to work at Harvelle's." Dean said to his daughter.
"So now what?" Harry asked.
"We were running out of money, I don't hold it against him. You know we've been struggling since Prince Azazel destroyed everything." Dean said. "Prince Castiel saved me from how his father King Charles and his wife Queen Naomi treated me." Robert was happy. Castiel was a wonderful man, caring, fair and just. He now had trustworthy to add to his list things to describe the young Prince of Shurley.
"Dean, that's my ticklish spot." Cas said as he leaned in further into his fiancee. Dean kissed Cas's neck and undid the older man's shirt.
"And you're still amazing, Castiel. My Cas." Dean softly whispered into Cas's hair as the older man peppered kisses over Dean's chest. The Demon smirked a bit as he began to sneak between them and stroke Cas's thickening white cheddarwurst in time with his own thrusts. Cas gasped harder and threw his head back in bliss.
When Dean returned to his timepoint, Crowley was frowning. "What the bloody Hell have you done?" Crowley asked. Dean was confused.
"Sam and Dean Winchester, you dumb bitch." Emma said. "I'm Dean Winchester's daughter. The story of legends, you don't know about us?" Rowena then handed back Emma's swiss army knife and proceeded to fry Giselle.
"His word for grub, dear. Forgive him, his sense of humor's not always for everyone. For me, it teeters on and off, but we ground each other nonetheless." Kali said as she kissed her husband's lips. Gabriel nuzzled her neck where he bit her and she smiled. "I'm Kali by the way, Indian ally of the crowned prince of Castle Shurley and resident of Thunderlief. We all have homes inside the outdoor activities. Omegas will sometimes choose whether they want to work or not. I choose to work in the apiary. Until Gabriel and I decided to have a child, then I temporarily resigned my duties to Jo, Ellen's daughter."
When Dean caught up with Ed and Harry, they had the bone and Dean had all three bloods he needed for the blade.
"Dean, I think I'm ready." Cas said as Dean nuzzled him and began lubing himself up. Then he slowly entered Cas and they began to make out. Between kisses, Cas gasped as Dean pushed deeper into his Angel inch by inch. "DEAN!" Cas gasped out once Dean was completely inside his Angel.
"You're afraid of Prince Lucifer's grief induced rage?" Azazel mocked.
"Means a lot coming from you, Sunshine." Dean said. "Mom used to hum Beatles songs to me whenever I got sick. She wanted me to know more than Led Zepplin. So she'd teach me Beatles songs. "Hey Jude" is a song that she would sing the most." Dean explained as he kissed Cas's hand.
"Thanks, Dad. But my period's not due for quite a while yet. I'm only 9 after all." Emma corrected.
Gabriel came to the door of the house with a trolley of desserts. He knocked continuously until Cas finally answered.
"Miracle, yeah. Technically, she's my dad's. But I promised to walk her today since it's my day off from working at both his place and Harvelle's Roadhouse." Emma said.
"I bought ingredients for the stuff. Jared is LOADED!" Sam said.
"I want to believe you, but you're a demon." Cas said. Dean sunk, but he soon had to leave. Cas sighed as Dean disappeared just before Hannah knocked on the door.
"I Castiel, crowned Prince of Shurley Castle, claim Dean of Winchester. When his next heat comes, I shall mate him and afterwards, we shall marry at my estate, Thunderlief. Are there any challengers?" Cas growled.
"I'm the Daffy to your Elmer. The second Bugs is fricasseed, my bill gets shot off. Obviously, it's for self-preservation. So what else are you working on besides wooing Angels into your bed?" Crowley asked.
"Are you talking about the Moontrick cafe? The cakes are to kill for." Another patron said. "Man, now I'm hungry. C'mon, let's go get some curried rice." They left Miracle alone and left the kiosk. Miracle decided then to follow them so she knew where Dean and Cas were.
"Very well. I guess you know then about the future Lord of Winchester then?" Thomas sighed.
Dean was scared for his person right then. He didn't want to go to Prince Azazel. It was why his mother had left long before she met his father. He knew then he would have to work hard to prove his worth and clean the castle like he was born with magic.
"Dean." Mary said after she hung up with the permit guy. "I heard you and Castiel are engaged, congratulations." Mary hugged her son.
"This has to be a prank. I'm gonna tweet about this to the Mishamigos. Jared's acting heady and you're looking at me like we're about to break up. Something's up. Hey, we're still on for dinner, right? Vicki and Danneel can't make it because West was just born and Danneel offered assistance." Misha said.
"I'll be damned." Dean said.
"I missed you today." Dean said.
"Well I have my Angel blade." Cas said and Dean sighed as he playfully shook his head.
"No, otherwise, I'd have made more than just soup." Dean said as he went over to the front door and saw Garth in the driveway.
"Well, he was amnesiac, then he took on Sam's memories of Hell after he broke the wall down. I killed Hitler, but I also killed Death to save Sam, I allowed an Angel named Gadreel to possess Sam so he could heal him, Cas lost his grace, was Human for a while, Gadreel made me kick him out, Cas lost his virginity to April. But then she killed him. Then Gadreel revived him. So I like to think he rehymenated him." Dean said as he took a sip of wine. "Then he was asked to babysit, only for him to misconstrue it as a date with the mother. Even I thought it was a date. We were both stupid that night, but I helped protect him from the incident and then he decided to help us with a case. That's when we later found out Gadreel was Gadreel. Then I got turned by the Mark of Cain in an attempt to kill Metatron, Metatron got ousted as a result, Cas was resigned with dying because he can't live a Human life forever, he eventually got his grace back. Then-" Misha cut him off with a kiss.
"I can always ask him later. You want more soup?" Cas asked.
They wound up at Bobby's. Cas was still out of it, so Jimmy Novak temporarily had control of his body again.
"Well, you gonna hug me or what, ya idjit?" Bobby said as he saw Dean and smiled. Dean ran up to Bobby faster than the Flash ran to his mom as a toddler and hugged him so tightly, Bobby's breath had escaped him temporarily. Cas smiled and got out of the car before going up to shake Karen's hand.
"I wish I could get my law degree." Sam said and suddenly, he was in a suit and a satchel with his law diploma on it.
"Sure, Jare." Dean said as he helped Sam out of his predicament.
"Dean Winchester. Or at least, a Demon version of Dean. Come, sit. What brings you to my humble abode?" The Alpha vamp asked when Dean approached.
"I'll look the city up." Sam said as they got ready to go.
"What's Heh?" Eustace asked as Jack then searched him for the hat of gold Horst had once found and put it on Eustace's head, turning him into dust.
"Not even Sam knew the sex, how did-" Jess asked in shock. Michael just smiled at her and gave her a knowing look.
April led Castiel into her home and they began to talk as she tended to his wounds. They later had dinner, but little did Cas know the drink she'd given him was spiked with Djinn poison. Cas passed out immediately and she swiped his Angel blade off of him as he slept.
"Dean, don't you remember?" Sam asked. Dean frowned. Sam gave his famous "I know something you don't know" smirk. "Dean, it's your anniversary."
"I thought you'd left for the day." Cas said.
"I'm sure they'll let me visit on occasion, Sammy. In the meantime, you've seen me take care of Adam. You can take care of him just as well." Dean said as he kissed Sammy's forehead. "Alphas take as much care of their children as Omegas. Follow Father's example. I did when we were living on next to nothing."
"Hey, hon. Feeling like Chicago style everything tonight. What do want?" Cas asked.
Dean took turns with Cas between topping and entering each other. Dean kissed Cas's neck, throat column, nipped his earlobe, nuzzled both his pinnas. Basically worshipping every part of the new God from his face to even his crotch. And Cas was enjoying every movement offered to him by the Demon form of the Human he'd grown to love.
"What are you doing here, Balthazar?" Dean asked. "You're supposed to be dead."
"So how far's Windom, Minnesota?" Cas asked when he and Dean were back home. Cas fed Miracle quickly before getting on his trench coat.
"Stay away from me, you're not real. Even if you are, get out of Dean Winchester." Cas lightly growled. Dean shook his head and touched Cas's hand.
"Good, you are home. My condolences for your husband's death." Shirley started as she came in.
..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
"DEAN! He's here, he found us." Sam said.
“Brothers are supposed to tease each other, Jessie. Don’t worry, it’s a Winchester family tradition.” Sam said.
"Gabriel, we weren't expecting YOU to come to US for cake tasting." Castiel frowned when he let his brother in.
“Oh PLEASE stop.” The Entity begged as he pounded into the floor. “You’ve been drowning yourselves in each other’s pleasure and vice versa since you got here. You have GOT to stop sooner or later.” The Entity began to cry and plead.
..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
"So who brought him back?" Jess asked.
..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
"This meatloaf is a lot different from the many meatloafs I've tried at different diners. It's a lot moister and juicy." Jack said.
"Just silence and pleasure." Dean finished as he mouthed at Cas's pulsepoint, Cas smiling as he stroked Dean's chest once all their clothes were gone. Cas slowly rode the Demon as he did the first time they had sex in Purgatory. Metatron had been made into an example and a lot of rules were changed under Castiel's reign as God. For starters, a truce was made between Heaven and Hell, Angels could eat now, and most importantly was Nephilim and Antichrists could be trusted as Cas was open to trusting Jesse the Antichrist after he ran away when he learned he'd have to abandon his parents. Cas had even gifted Lily Sunder back her daughter once he had learned what Ishim had made him do. She thanked and forgave him for what had happened all those years ago, and Dean smiled.
“Dude, seriously?” Sam groaned as he watched his brother exchange spit with Cas.
"I never told Cas I love him. I told him I forgave him for everything, I prayed to him that I forgave him. But then he got sucked into where Demons and Angels go when they die and I can't bear it. He did what he could to protect us and heal us. But I don't-I can't think about losing him again." Dean began to have a panic attack.
"We needed the money, it's not your fault, Father. Tell Adam I love him everyday and tell him you love him as well." Dean said as he finished packing up his side of the room.
“You need more power, son. I never regretted bringing you to life. I was a crap father, but you’re an amazing person.” Jack and he hugged one last time as Amara went to the Empty.
"Mmm, Gabriel? What happened?" Castiel asked.
"Time to do better as an actor, Dean." Dean said to himself as he watched Misha walk away. He was nervous, and even more so as Sam came walking up to Dean's trailer.
..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
"Oh yeah, that." Dean winced.
“Let’s beat them in our own game by joining in.” Dean said as he pulled Cas in for another kiss.
"Speaking of eating, Michael and I want to get to know you. Learn more about both of you." Adam said. I thought Dean, Cas, Michael and I would go to my favorite diner where Dean, Sam and I met. Or where Dean, Sam and the Ghoul who ate me met." Adam said. "Start over, since the Apocalypse never happened." Dean and Cas were a little hesitant, but they eventually agreed.
Dean looked at the window where Courage was screaming at and opened the door.
Dean and Cas return and all is revealed to 2011 Dean and Bobby, then Sam is healed.
"That's right, Dad." Dean said, flabbergasted.
"That's sweet." Adam said as he smiled.
"You drove all the way here?" Dean asked. "You shouldn't even be here 'til next week."
A little while later, Jack and Claire were taken to tour the rest of the town. As it turned out, Castiel, Jack and Claire were new in town. Castiel was a college Animal husbandry professor and had just started his job that day. Thus the 3 piece and the trench coat. He would still wear the trench coat, but he'd be wearing different clothes to handle animal biology and behaviors as the semesters went on. Claire was in high school and it was her first day too. She was a Senior and Jack was in Daycare, and adopted from a dead friend who committed suicide after having Jack, who was a rape product of an old frat brother of Castiel's.
"Dean." Cas said as he looked up into his best friend's eyes. Just then though, he heard Sam gasping for breath and looked over at him on the floor.
"Sure." Jacob said as they kissed one last time and parted ways.
"That sounds like fun. I'm sure Emma'll need to take an Animal husbandry course to learn about where food comes from." Dean said.
"I see. So I was mistaken when I thought I smelled dying graceless Angel on you the other day?" Crowley asked interrogatingly.
"I do like the strawberry jam in the middle of the cake. It's dreamy." Cas said. "Tell you what, we can have two cakes." Cas said as he touched Dean's forehead with his. "It's traditional in the south to have an Armadillo shaped Red velvet cake for the Groom anyway."
"I can stop Raphael. Please, you have to trust me." Misha said. Dean couldn't take it anymore and touched Misha's face.
"I'm sure you are." Sam said. "The worst part is when we were together, I was starting to fall in love with you."
"Nuh uh. I'm not leaving you. You two have inspired me, you've inspired me to fight. I didn't start Random Acts to be a coward." Misha said.
Castiel and Lucifer come into the picture. They visit and Cas smells Dean's sad Omega scent.
"So this April chick was a Reaper but you weren't able to tell because Metatron stole your grace?" Dean asked.
"Who's that?" Dean asked through a bite of pie.
"Just add a teensy bit of cinnamon to sweeten it, maybe a pinch of maple syrup." Kali said. Ellen was intrigued.
"Then I'll have a peanut butter burger on a brioche bun that's been honey buttered if you have honey butter, my fiancee will have a peanut butter and bacon panini and we'll share a peanut butter milkshake." Cas said as he handed over his menu and Dean's. Dean kissed Cas's hand.
"A rather smooth trot despite the distance, Father." Cas said. Charles nodded to his son.
"You and Father stopped being my family long ago when you killed Mary of Campbell. And all because Father felt cheated when she ran away and later married Lord John." She opened the door. "If you please, Prince Thomas."
"If you want, I can get Jane to stop by with a pie and some BLTs for lunch if you want to stick around." Cas offered.
Dean's acting skills are way better than last time and Sam struggles as usual.
"Hello, Boys." Rowena said.
"I'm your new God." Cas said. "I'm not gonna ask you or Dean or Bobby to bow down to me. You are my friends, I will bow to you." Cas said as he then knelt down and bowed to Sam, Dean and Bobby walking to where Cas was kneeling. "You're my friends, my family. And Dean, my love." Dean smiled with a happy tear and pulled Cas up to him as they kissed once more, bewildering Sam.
"I had my suspicions he was going behind my back to tell you things he shouldn't have." Cas said.
"I must be careful, I've had hip replacement." Misha said.
"Hello, Dean." Cas said.
"I Just found this book. It looks like a record of our lives." Dean said as he opened it. He then found a letter just behind the front cover. He opened the letter and read it out loud. "To whomever decides to move into this bunker. Surviving Men of Letters sent us a letter to track the lives of Henry Winchester's family following his fall and what offspring his only son John had as he grew up. I have sent a copy to this bunker and have spread it across all the other bunkers across America and even across the world. It takes a village, you know that more than I. For Henry, this family shall prosper through us." Dean read out loud.
"Well, Naomi had cheated death by finding a way to be revived when Heaven was losing power. I decided we didn't need people like her anymore and got all those angels out of Heaven. The Entity took them and in exchange, we got some good Angels and Demons, Crowley included, out in exchange." Jack said. Suddenly, a silhouette of angel wings popped into the window and Courage screamed.
..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
"I love you, Dean Winchester." Cas said one more time as he slowly pulled out after a while.
"Cas, you're home." Gabriel embraced his younger brother. "Kali and Ellen are in the kitchen, Kali insists she help cook. Come, Aunt Amara says we're having a boy." Gabriel said. Just as he was about to turn though, he saw Dean and looked him up and down. "Hi, I'm Castiel and Lucifer's brother, Gabriel. Michael's still recovering from his rut, so I'm taking on his stations for the day. Stables are first. Who may you be, dear Omega?" Gabriel asked.
The End
"Almost everyone." Dean said as Courage was whimpering. Jack sat next to Courage and petted him.
"Yessir, I'll ask Samandriel for help." Lucifer said as he walked over to collect the family. Right then, Dean and Cas made it to the throne room.
"I know he is. My brother wanted him to experience the old kids' shows we used to watch when we were little. Like Magilla, Secret Squirrel and the like." Castiel said. "Castiel Novak by the way." He reached out to shake Dean's hand.
"What did you say to him?" Cas asked. Dean looked up in shock.
"I heard, you and that Angel friend you mentioned when we met again in Heaven." Ash said.
"Come to bed with me, Beautiful. If you don't want to again yet, I understand. I'll wait to have sex with you again." Dean was very sincere and Cas felt that.
"You need to order state-of-the-art kitchen stuff. There's an appliance store close to where Cas and I live, I'll stop by and get a quote for stoves, ovens, sinks and fryers." Dean said. "I hear that in some bars, if you serve alcohol, you should also serve food."
Dean was a wreck even with Miracle. He was reading when Sam came into his room.
"Just get over here." Sam said. Dean did so and sighed.
"I really am sorry, Sam." Ruby said as they walked towards the area the witnesses were rising.
"Alright, I'll meet you inside. I'll pay for you, my treat." Dean said. Cas soon did as Dean said and went in to look at what was there for food. He grabbed Dean a pie slice and found some coffee for himself.
"Hi." Cas and Dean said in unison before giggling.
"You can take it with you, and Cas? It's actually pronounced Sasparilla. You don't have to read it out as it's spelled." Dean explained. Cas then grew bright red and promised not to make such a mistake as that again.
Shirley was looking into her crystal ball when she saw something dark, followed by a face she never thought she'd see again.
Dean woke up first and went to hunt something for him and Cas to eat. They needed strength to preserve. Dean found a prehistoric lizard and hunted it, then when he got back to where he and Cas were laying together, he started a fire and cooked the lizard when Cas woke up.
"Daddy? Are you okay?" Jack asked. "You look like the time Uncle Gabriel pulled that prank on you with the laptop and grown-up playtime movie." Cas blushed and Dean walked over to see what had happened.
"Actually, when we bumped into each other, he said he approved. That was before he and Mary were sent back to Earth." Michael said. Though he did find it odd that I was dating his youngest."
..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
The End
"Take it easy, sport." Gabriel said. "Congrats by the way for the promotion to God. Though Grampa forced it, I'm sure you'll do a better job." Gabriel added.
Dean and Cas got home at the same time. "Hey, where were you all day besides cleaning the attic?" Dean asked as he kissed Cas hello.
"You are wonderful." Cas said as they kissed again.
Amara cuffed Chuck with Enochian handcuffs and Dean kicked him in the nuts. Finally, Jack touched Chuck’s head and all of Chuck’s powers were absorbed into Jack.
"And I'm sorry for the cold words when we officially met." Adam said as he hugged Dean.
"I'm afraid the stupid one's widow is not gonna survive even if you do end the event she is to succomb to." Shirley said. Suddenly, Ruby came in.
"Expecting anyone?" Emma asked.
"And you didn't detect a lie? He's a Demon now, Cas." Sam groaned.
"Your godlike powers are still in tact, just shot for the time being. You absorbed the Leviathans. This blade killed them." Dean explained.
"Yeah, a portal to that world. We got lost the first time going there, and Jack got trapped there thanks to a dreamwalker named Kaia." Dean explained. "Sam and I had to make the most of it by eating prehistoric lizard. The first bite, I was about to say "Not bad for lizard." But then Sam cut me off before I said anything and says "Please don't say it tastes like chicken." Like No, Sam. It's a lizard. It TASTES like a LIZARD!" Dean said and Michael and Adam giggled at that.
"Of COURSE I knew. Your soul is bright and strong, Dean. I'm surprised you and Castiel here haven't had sex yet." Gabriel said. Dean and Cas looked at each other.
"Cas? Where are we?" Dean asked.
..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
"Wait, spoiler? You mean-Dean cut himself off and gave his famous "What the fuck?" face.
"As far as I know, he still lives with a Vegan couple." Dean said. "Sam and I thought the Vegan couple had something to do with the Taxidermist's death because they ran an Animal rights group."
“I’m thinking a farm somewhere. Or maybe a nice home in a cul de sac. Or even a cabin in the woods?” Dean asked as he looked Cas in the eyes.
“Archangels and Nephilim have the power to take God’s place. You can do it, Jack. Because you’re the Nephilim of an Archangel, that’s why Dad fried you the first time.” Lucifer pointed out. “But first, we must consult our aunt.”
"Not now, Sam. But I do come in good faith. I have not only Cas's grace, but the Demon tablet. It was next to Cas's grace." Dean said as he handed the tablet to Sam. "It's no use without a prophet, but you can have it nonetheless." He turned to Cas. "And now you, Sunshine. I promised I'd heal you." Dean pulled out Cas's grace and opened the bottle it was in as Cas breathed it in. He started to feel much better, but then collapsed.
"Oh right, I'll sign you up for Connections Academy tomorrow. Then after you finish your online classes, I'll take you to get a state ID and then we'll get you a learner's permit next week." Dean said.
"Wait, Emma." Cas said. "I should feel not good about you killing Dean, but you are about to be family. Would you like to come to dinner?" Cas asked.
" a voice proclaimed.
“So, dear old Daddy’s been screwing with the world?” Lucifer asked.
"Dean, oh Dean." Cas groaned as he began to buck into Dean's mouth. Dean soon deepthroated the professor, making him arch his back. Just as Cas was about to come though, Dean pulled off.
"I know, but it's the only logical thing I could find. Just pretend it's Alligator and when we get out of this, I'll cook you a nice Alligator." Dean offered. Cas smiled as he dug back into his piece of lizard.
“Try my honey roasted peanut butter burgers.” Cas said when Sam and Jess visited them. “Dean makes his own brioche and it’s amazing.”
"I don't remember." Dean said as he was buttoning up a plaid shirt over a white undershirt. Michael and Adam might be taking us there." The door suddenly rang. "Get the door?" Dean asked as he put on his watch. Cas nodded and swooped downstairs.
"Exactly, I designed that ring for him. Congratulations. What do you need from me?" The jeweler asked.
"The new scullery maid. His name is Dean and he's a miracle worker." Anna explained. Castiel was excited to try the food. Suddenly, Dean came out with some of the fois gras.
"I even asked her to conjure up a monster to get Muriel to talk after Eustace insulted her for the last time." Courage said.
"The same Gabriel that Castiel and Jimmy were talking about." Sam said.
"What the?" Dean asked.
"Take him back topside, I got what I needed." Dean said as they went to take Metatron back to where he was taken by Dean and Crowley. Then he went to the address for where Metatron was storing Cas's grace.
The End
"Okay." Cas finally responded and Dean walked him out of the apartment, Sam following behind.
"Then I came back to life and Dean and Sam left me to become Michael's vessel." Adam said. "But I'm over that. In fact, Dad? I think you've met Michael. But you haven't really been properly introduced." Adam said as he held Michael's hand and kissed it. Mary raised her eyebrows and John was almost disgusted. Not by the fact his other son was with a man, but that his son's boyfriend's vessel was what he looked like when John temporarily said yes to him using John as a vessel the night Mary had told everyone she was pregnant with Dean.
"Great. Any word on where Dean is?" Sam asked. Cas reached into his pocket and stroked his obsidian blackbird. "No, not really." Cas lied. Sam briefly detected that Cas was lying but he let it go for a second. Hannah came in with Metatron, but then Dean and Crowley came in at the same time.
..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
"My favorite tree." Dean mumbled to himself as he smiled softly while looking down at the ground.
The new memories of what had changed on Earth were broken by Cas gasping when Dean thrust deeper inside the God. "Oh Dean, still so heavy. Still so full, still beautiful." Cas said as he collapsed onto him, still riding Dean but kissing him in the process.
"It's okay, honey. Come on, I'll treat you to a slice of pie." Dean said as he ordered a slice of Gabriel's best pie on his pastry menu and Gabriel offered a steak and kidney pie for Miracle's dessert. All was calm once again in Miracle's life.
"As soon as I was back. But I was sure to have him call his fiancee before he completely went. He then revived him." Emma said.
"My my, how powerful. You best even me." Rowena said.
"Castiel, whatever you're doing. You don't have to do this." Bobby said. "We can work this out."
"Thank you for today, Dean." Cas said as he and Dean felt each other. Cas touched Dean's bicep and the burn he once placed there reappeared instantly as they made out. Cas slowly pressed Dean to the mattress shortly after and Dean felt as Cas flipped them over and stretched him out.
"This was great." Dean said as he got out his wallet. Dean offered to pay since Adam and Michael recommended the place.
"I don't want you to lose your chance to get home." Misha said. Dean touched his head to Misha and gave him two items.
"Beautiful. Everything about you, Cas. Your lips." Dean kissed his lips. "Your physique, you feel amazing, but that's not the only thing about you. To influence you as much as I have is both an honor and a burden as along the way, your garrison, your bosses? Even I hurt you in a lot of ways and I don't ever want you to feel that hurt again. Because it pains me when I see the hurt I caused in your eyes." Dean nuzzled Cas's neck and ear, and Cas moaned. Cas stroked Dean's hair and Dean stroked Cas's bicep, mirroring when Cas had left a mark on Dean's bicep the day he'd pulled him out of Hell. They thrust into each other until they came together while Dean rolled over, so Cas was on top. Cas took a small nap and Dean watched him sleep for a little while.
"I did. Don't worry, no funny business." Dean assured him. He then peppered Cas's face with kisses. Cas told him to stop and Dean did as such.
"My Queen, another witness rise has begun." Ruby started. "Sam!"
"My Grace told me." Michael said.
..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
"And calling Cas Sunshine?" Sam asked.
"I promise I love you. You'll fly and see again." Sam read aloud and handed it back to Cas. "That's Dean's handwriting." Sam said.
sing, Squirrel. Who's the lucky one you're planning to serenade?" Crowley asked.
"I was there when Jack was born. I helped Kelly have him while Sam and Dean got out of Apocalypse world with Crowley's help and while Cas fought Lucifer to keep Jack from him. Obviously, it wasn't enough as for a while, Cas was dead. And at the same time, I had gotten knocked out when Jack was born. From there, he hid in his nursery and I ran out when I heard Dean scream no." Mary said. Cas nuzzled Dean's neck and assured him he'll never leave again with a tight squeeze of his hand. Dean then drew a breath and quickly kissed Cas on the lips, soft and chaste but still passionate.
"Hey, Sam." Jack greeted back.
"You love him, I can smell it. You've mated with this Angel in your point of the timeline." The Alpha vampire smiled as he filled the vial meant for his blood with it. "Good luck on your courtship, I remember what it's like to be in love and it's a fuzzy, dizzy feeling." Dean nodded and went to see if the idiots had gotten the bone.
"Yep." Dean said. Because I love you, Castiel. And I would do everything to build you up." Dean said as he laid down on the ground with Cas and kissed him. "And if you would accept me, I'd like to make love with you again."
"I don't understand." Giselle said.
"Why peanut butter? Like what's your obsession with it?" Adam asked.
"I made the jam for the sandwich. It's actually Vicki's favorite flavor." Misha said. Dean was in awe.
..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
"Again?" Cas asked. "Have we before?"
"I will never leave you again." Cas whispered to Dean as he nuzzled Dean's chest where the anti-possession tattoo is. Soon, Cas's rhythm faltered and they came together.
..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
"Whatever happened to Jack, Brother. We will find him, I promised you then and I still promise you." Castiel assured his brother. Soon though, they reached the castle.
Muriel had just finished the pie when Shirley knocked on the door. "I'll get that." Muriel said.
"Dean, I'm ready." Misha said as Dean got the lube and began to enter him.
"It is." Cas said.
They performed the spell. The Angel found them just as they ignited the portal back to their world. He was drawing his Angel blade when Misha knocked the guy out and began stabbing him in places with the blade.
"Dean, come back inside. Or you'll catch your death of cold." Muriel warned when she saw Jack. "Oh hello, are you with Sam and Dean?"
“Dad, you didn’t have to do that.” Jack said.
"I love it. And thank you for thinking more thoroughly about whether or not to use my Angel blade as material for a jewelry piece." They kissed again and Dean and Cas walked into the house.
The End
"We are, actually. What's your name?" She asked and Cas spat out the first name he could think of, as Clarence was suddenly a name he drew a blank on.
“OOH, right there baby.” Dean said as he unbuttoned and unzipped Cas, making Cas whimper with extreme heat and began to slowly stroke the older Angel’s dick. Cas’s whimper soon turned into a gasp and a shout. The Entity pounded his head against a wall of the Empty a la Gordon Ramsay after Jason Underwood told him he was gonna try and make the souffles less sticky to the ramekin with butter, sugar and cocoa powder.
Dean and Cas continue to have sex while 2011 Dean and Bobby deal with what just happened.
"See? Works like a charm. No negatives. No catches. Promise." Rowena said.
..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
"And this is Michael's area. He's just about done with his rut." Lucifer explained. "Meg, I didn't know you were taking on rutcare. Dean, Meg of Azazel. Meg, this is Dean of Winchester." Lucifer introduced.
"Turnovers look ready. I'll put them in the display case. You want me to get started on the pasty filling? Lunch rush is almost here." Emma said.
"Castiel, be rational." Charles scolded, but Castiel roared.
"Cas? How'd you do that?" Sam asked.
"I LOVE pie." Dean said as Muriel served up a piece for Dean, then started making her special dog food. "Blue ribbon dog food is a special secret recipe." She said. She then served the dog food for both Courage and Miracle.
"Flambeed sounds amazing, Sam." Dean said. Sam smiled to Dean before he caught Emma.
"Sure. My trailer or yours?" Dean asked.
"I like how crunchy the crust is. The contrast of the textures between the filling and the crust makes me feel fuzzy in a good way." Samandriel said as he took another bite.
"What do you-" He smelled Dean and suddenly understood. "Oh no. Your father didn't." Robert started to boil.
"Oh you know it, baby." Dean said as he pulled out the butter and put it in a bowl to soften so Cas could mix honey into it. Miracle walked towards her dinner bowl and Emma filled it with some steak, a little salmon oil to top and some strips of carrot to clean her teeth.
"He's not completely gone, maybe this demon knew something we didn't yet." Bobby said. Crowley soon opened his mouth for the first time in a while.
"Relax, I wouldn't have had Dad call you if that wasn't part of my plan." Emma said. "I only needed to inherit my powers. I'm gonna go find a place." Emma said.
“I’m not tired or hungry. What about you, Cas?” Dean asked.
He was immediately taken to the scullery the second he was inside the castle. He quickly unpacked his stuff onto his bed and underneath it and didn't give himself time to settle. He started his work immediately by scrubbing the floors. Halfway through, he mud was tracked through the already shined up floors.
..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
"She really wants to help us too." Sam said. "Why was Courage carrying you and Jack?"
"Here, Dean, let me help ease you by collecting some of the dishes." Samandriel offered.
"We took care of them together. We hunted all of them after we ended up in Purgatory following the killing of Dick Roman. Then we took the portal with that vampire friend of yours, Benny. Sam and I sensed something off about Metatron some time later when we met him, and I kicked his and Naomi's asses." Cas said.
"Well, I'll be in my trailer." Jared said as he walked off in an attempt not to disturb Misha and Jensen. When they broke apart for air, Jensen was the first to speak.
“Sam?” Sam’s eyes widened as he turned and faced the truest love of his life.
"WHERE IS MY ANGEL'S GRACE?!" Dean screamed as he carved an Angel depowering sigil into Metatron's chest and slammed his hand over it, weakening Metatron's grace.
When they got there, they were shocked to see Michael and Adam standing in the war room.
"Like father, like daughter. Care for a beer, Garth? Tomorrow, I'll drive you back." Dean offered.
"What do I need to qualify as stupid to you?" Dean asked.
"Yes, you need to explain more to me about that." Mary said as Dean gulped. Then he wiped his mouth and stopped eating briefly to explain himself.
"You'll like him." Cas said as he sat on the couch with Dean and Emma came back with another glass of ginger ale and a plate of nachos.
“Whoa, what year is this? Last thing I knew, I was making cookies when-God, what happened to you?” Jess asked.
"You know, you're not gonna get away with kidnapping me." Emma said.
"So what're you guys talking about?" Dean asked. Cas startled and pulled his blanket up over himself.
"Actually, I would like a job." Cas said. "Do you know who's hiring? Or are you suddenly hiring?"
"Hello?" Cas asked. "Oh hi, Mary. I heard you and John were back."
"Sam told me. But Michael fought to keep me safe." Adam said. "Michael overpowered Lucifer quite a few times. His strength, his true form, it was all beautiful. No one had ever fought for my life."
I think this is gonna be five chapters. Next one might be the finale.
"Oh-okay, Dad. But you don't have to act like a caveman. I know I'm still your baby, but you gotta remember. He's still tender from ten years ago and you're starting to act a bit too much like William Petersen in Fear with Reese Witherspoon. Relax, don't be Tony Danza or I'll have to fly off to Europe after my Prom night." Emma eased Dean and even if he did get those references, he still couldn't help it.
"I'm sorry, bud. But I can conjure you a horde of bees programmed to sting Michael and/or Raphael should they come in in the night to give you more trouble and also make you a stuffed kitten to cuddle with." Gabriel said as he did so and Castiel cuddled up to it as he fell into a troubled, yet restful sleep. "I'll always protect you, pal. Even if I antagonize you. It'll be my way of telling you you need to stay away for both our sakes." Gabriel whispered as he kissed Castiel's forehead and left the chamber.
When Cas got home an hour later, the mead was chilled and he caught a shocking, but pleasantly surprising sight as his fiancee and future stepdaughter were watching a classic Chiefs game on ESPN classic.
“NO!” Dean roared out as he ran to Cas. “Don’t do this, not without me. You changed me just as much as I did you, Cas. I need you. I want nothing more than to be with you. You leave me, I have NOTHING, Cas.” Dean touched his forehead as tears streamed harder down his face. “I love you.” Dean then kissed Cas deeply, Cas struggling to push Dean away, but Dean was too strong as he held onto his trenchcoat, the Empty coating the both of them in its goo as both men were sucked into the Empty together, Dean never letting go. As they disappeared in tar-like ooze, the only sound in the dungeon was Sam calling Dean’s phone.
"Hey Sammy, c'mere." Dean said.
"Okay, just don't take my baby down the rabbit hole too far, we're trying for a child." Gen said.
"I know. Wanna get some pizza? I'll call Pizza Hut and order a Pizza Lover's, a Pepperoni Mushroom and two large traditional wings with Honey barbecue dipping sauce. Then I bought some vanilla ice cream, want a milkshake to go with all that?" Dean asked.
"Hey, if you want, we can drive around tomorrow and take you to a place of your own." Dean said.
"Alright, I'll save you a brewsky." Ash said and they disconnected, then Ash texted Dean with the GPS coordinates for where the roadhouse was being rebuilt.
"I can fill in the blanks." Dean said. "The ghoul you ganked had children. A brother and sister who killed Adam, then killed Kate. Then they impersonated Adam and Kate in order to draw us in and kill us since you were already dead."
"Amy Pond was the fake name of the Kitsune I killed." Dean explained.
Cas watched as the jeweler carefully cut the face off of the amulet and applied two bloodstone gems for eyes and made a red mouth out of the garnet, carefully fitting it all inside. "So how did you meet?" The Jeweler asked, making small talk as he did his job.
“That’s true.” Sam replied. Suddenly, Dean’s phone was calling and Lucifer, once again in Cas’s body, appeared.
"If you must know, yes. And if you must also know, it doesn't change my lack of feelings for Sam I have now. Thank you though, for not killing him. Even if it wasn't for me." Dean said.
"Please, call me Bill. Your parents are under the framing. You're not the only Winchester who was called by a Harvelle." Bill said. Jo recognized Dean and immediately ran over to hug her surrogate brother.
"I have no interest in taking your position by killing you, Crowley. So if I were you? I'd shut my cakehole before mistakes are made." Dean said and Crowley snapped his mouth shut. Dean gave a light smile and found where Metatron was supposedly hiding.
"I missed you too." Dean said as he hugged Jo tightly. "So I hear Ash is dating Pamela Barnes?"
"Wait 'til tomorrow." Dean said.
"So absorbing all the souls and Leviathan?" Dean asked.
"Taste and see. And that better be the only sample of the roast you take, the rest is for your parents." Cas said as he put a piece of maple bacon in Dean's mouth. Dean filthily and sinfully moaned into the piece of bacon and smiled.
"Your jaw is well cut." Castiel said, feeling a little more comfortable.
"So this is the bathroom, there are actually three upstairs bathrooms. The guest room has a built-in bathroom, the master bedroom has a built-in bathroom and then there's the bathroom for quick use. You can use that one if any issues arise with your bathroom, as you can stay in the guest bedroom as your bedroom. Tomorrow, we can go shopping for personalization products. In the meantime, we have Head and Shoulders and Selsum Blue for shampoos and Irish Spring for soap. We can also go pad shopping too if you'd like." Dean said.
"That would be nice, love." Cas said as he dug into what majority was left of his breakfast.
"Well, I had to protect Jack. Lucifer was planning to take him away." Dean said. "Lucifer had lost his Grace after being a terrible attempt at replacing Chuck and also we were using him to keep open a portal."
"Don't leave me again, please. I never want to say goodbye to you again." Dean said as Cas soon entered the younger man. Both men gasped as Dean began to thrust against him. Cas pressed his face to Dean's neck and their hands began to intertwine as Cas started moving inside of Dean. They locked eyes and in that moment, their hearts began to beat as one.
"Nonsense, I'm happy to help." Dean said. "Besides, life's kinda quiet lately since I retired from hunting."
"Mated?" Castiel asked. Gabriel explained his theory to the young Angel. Just then though, Michael came in and found his sword.
"Oh, I'm sorry. You must be new to the scullery. I'm Anna." Princess Anna said as she offered to take a scrubber and got on the floor.
"It seems your overpowered Angel friend also managed to absorb Leviathans from Purgatory. Cannibalistic creatures. God feared they were too dangerous to mingle amongst the Humans. I personally thought they were amusing, but I ultimately agreed with his assessment. It's obvious the Demon who stabbed him in the stomach knew what he was doing. When he stabbed the Leviathans inside your Castiel, you say his name was? They, along with Castiel and the Demon were sucked into Purgatory along with the rest of them in the aftermath." Death explained.
Once they had met with Amara, she heard pounding from the Empty. “The Empty should be sleeping. Funny, who’s keeping them awake?” Amara asked.
"Thank you, your majesties, I'm very honored to be given such gifts from you. As a virtual stranger, I-" He was cut off.
"You deserve not to be treated like Naomi treats you. You deserve to be treated as an equal, not a slave. Come live with me, Dean. Thunderlief is a home for all three secondary genders." Cas said. "And I was also intrigued with you the moment we met. When you first offered me that orderve." Cas stroked Dean's cheek.
"I'm sorry, Sam." Cas said.
"He won't mind. We kinda need the time apart right now anyway. C'mon, we can get a job together and rent out a space. It'll be fun." Dean said.
"What do you want with me?" Emma asked.
Cas laid in bed while talking to Sam. He was waiting for his essence to fade from existence. He was in a hotel room, staring at the ceiling and wearing nothing but a blue robe. It took a while for Dean to find where Cas was, but he soon heard his Angel's voice and immediately melted. He flew into Cas's room and hid in the corner, making himself invisible as Cas talked to Sam. Dean rolled his eyes when Cas said Sam's name.
"You got me on a few of those things. But I'd never swindle anyone." Dean said.
"So you're saying that in this world, I'm something called a Jared Padelecki and you're a Jensen Ackles?" Sam asked.
Dean and Cas explore a new future where Cas runs Heaven and Dean becomes a new leader for generations of Nephilims and Antichrists as part of a deal reached by Cas and Crowley.
"She's vowed to threaten the referee with turning him into a human Ken doll if he keeps flagging the Chiefs. Don't blame her." Dean said as he sipped his beer. Cas frowned.
"Jack?" What're you doing here?" Dean asked.
"Are you saying I'm a Vessel?" Dean asked angrily as Zachariah nodded.
..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
"I did like the one we watched on YouTube the other night, "Revenge is the Nuts", was it called?" Cas asked before he looked at the time. "Oh, we're running late. We need to wrap this beef up." Cas said as he did so. Cas then wrapped the beef roast in foil to keep it moist and went to get the dessert. "I also made a maple apple cinnamon cake that I think you'll appreciate." Cas said as Dean helped his fiancee get the cake out of the fridge and into the car. "I buckled both the cake and the roast into the back seat." Dean said.
“Not at all. I know an expert jeweler in town, he was able to get the materials together for the occasion.” Both men began to cry. “Will you marry me, Castiel?” Dean asked.
"What?" Cas asked when he came down, then saw the carton in Dean's hand. "Oh, the mead came." Cas exclaimed calmly as he took the mead out of Dean's hand. "I was at the farmer's market last weekend and sold some to someone looking to make mead. He offered to send us a sample six-pack if he let me use my honey for his first batch he planned to make. Here, I'm gonna go to Antarctica quick to chill a couple bottles." Cas said as he grabbed a couple bottles and smooched Dean before flying off. Dean put the remaining bottles in the fridge before going to walk Miracle. However, before he could go anywhere, another knock sounded at the door. Dean was surprised to see Emma there.
"A warehouse. You shouldn't be here, especially as a Demon. You can't be my Dean." Cas said.
"Me and Sam." Cas said.
"Mmm, sweet, not too sweet, but also not dry. I like this" Dean said as he sipped it again. "I'll like to meet your client." Dean said.
"Whoa, where's the fire? We haven't even had breakfast yet." Dean said. Cas sighed with relief and smiled.
Life was good.
"Yes. It's a special breed of seed. I cultivated the seeds meself when I was a wee lass. The leaves make such good fabrics. Sent them to Fergus when he was just starting out as a tailor. Squandered his talents though, all for an extra three inches." Rowena sighed.
"Both. Gabriel doesn't mind the combinations when we cook." Kali said.
The boys were shuffling through the bunker. Dean was working through records when he saw something labeled "Winchester", as if some of the men of Letters were tracking them.
"You don't say." Jack said.
"So if you're not Jensen, can I at least make sure you don't have his tattoos?" Misha asked.
"Everything looks delicious. Did you cut some Pepper jack for the sausage?" Dean asked.
"Get that dog!" Eustace's mother said. Courage screamed and Jack managed to swing at the zombified woman.
"That same current that allowed you to realize I was in danger." Misha said. Dean nodded.
"GO! I'll save you time to get home." Misha said. "Dean, for what it's worth. I love you too." Misha addressed Dean with eye contact as Dean nodded before kissing Misha passionately one last time before Sam pulled him away. The Angel then woke up and stabbed Misha in the stomach, resulting in Misha cutting the guy's grace out. Afterwards, the Angel's grace healed Misha's bloody wound and just sort of disappeared from sight before he called for an onsite medic. Just then, the real Jensen and Jared had shifted back into life.
"Yeah, I really had fun." Adam said.
"Dad?" Mary asked. "As in you had another kid?" Mary stared at John agape.
"Oh my god, Dean." Cas said as he went to touch Dean.
Take after take, Misha was getting frustrated and Sam was terrible. "Get your FREAKIN' CRAP together, JARED! Jen? Do you need to run lines with me? Let's do so during lunch." Misha said as Dean nodded in agreement.
"I need some Skippy PB bites, some peanut butter cups and peanut butter so I can drink it." Dean said.
"Taken." Dean said with a slight chuckle. "How're you, Pamela?"
"I love you too, Castiel." Dean reciprocated. "I can't wait to marry you." Dean held Cas as they fell asleep cuddling post-coitally.
"Yeah. And it's obvious that she wasn't alone if I had Djinn poison coursing though my bloodstream." Cas said. "But that would explain last night for me." He bit into a PB&J and drank a sarsaparilla. "I immediately passed out after eating and suddenly, I was having a lucid sex dream." That was enough for Sam to spit out his beer and choke, Dean feeling amused.
