John opened his mouth to speak, but he was cut off by the waitress. “Haben die Herren schon einen Blick auf die Karte geworfen– Oh!”
Sherlock only managed to huff out a laugh, already winding his arms around John’s sweating body. He inhaled his scent; lavender and musk and sex intermingling.
John walked back to the sofa, straddling Sherlock’s hips and leaning forward. He took hold of Sherlock’s wrists and pinned him down into the leather couch. »Hmm, you’d like that, wouldn’t you?« he grinned and rested his forehead against Sherlock’s, capturing his lips in an agonizingly slow kiss.
isn't!" He pulled out a knife and held it hazardously close to his chest, leaving him unable to move.
“Because we didn’t know about it. She changed her identities the way you change your dressing gowns.”
The material slid over his hipbones and his buttocks, and when John discarded his pants entirely, Sherlock didn't dare to look down.
Sherlock presses his lips against the puckered circle of skin. It’s so tender and considerate that John’s entire chest constricts. He licks at the unfeeling flesh with his tongue and then brushes over it with his lips in silent worship.
Nervousness runs through his veins. It’s all he ever is these days. Nervous. He hopes he won’t make a total mess of this. Because his entire life is one at the moment, and the proposal cannot be, too. Just this once, he wants to do things the right way.
The tip of John’s nose in his hair and two soft lips pressing against the back of his neck interrupted his train of thoughts. He was pulled closer to the warm chest behind him and sighed quietly as he let his eyes fall shut.
»Don’t be such a grouch! I’ll make you a hot chocolate, too, this will cheer you up. It’s Christmas after all.«
I'm so sorry for the long time I took to upload this chapter, but I was so damn busy. I promise to be as quick as possible, but unfortunately it doesn't always work :/
Sherlock’s eyes meet his, silently asking for permission to touch and John nods. He barely feels it when someone touches him there, but in spite of that, it can hurt like hell on bad days. Sherlock runs his long fingers over it. John closes his eyes. He shivers under Sherlock’s touch, no matter over which part of his body it is he moves his fingers.
“I just wanted to warn you, mate. If you’re in John’s company and suddenly surrounded by a bunch of girls, it’s all his doing,” he chuckled. “Especially when he’s single, like right now.”
Two arms sneak around his waist from behind, and he feels soft curls tickle the side of his face as Sherlock's head comes to rest on his shoulders. “I ran you a bath,” he whispers. “It’s been a long day for all of us.”
Struggling to understand what they were saying to him, he tried to sit up, blinking his eyes open. His head was swaying and his skin prickled. He felt as if his entire body was shaking. He didn’t know what time it was and he wasn’t sure what had happened exactly either.
Sherlock needed a few seconds to catch his breath and for the fog in his brain to lift. “To take me apart.”
»Marvellous,« came Sherlock’s hoarse reply. John placed a hand on Sherlock’s forehead. It was still slightly warm, but he wouldn’t comment on it now.
»It belonged to my great grandmother. She used to play it when she was younger, she always told me when I visited her. I was supposed to learn how to play it, but I just – never really figured out how to play. I’m not very gifted in music … I mean my music teacher praised my voice and I learned the clarinet at school after all–«
It took all of his self-control not to gasp when John’s palms came into contact with his skin. They were warm and strong and he could feel the calluses on them.
»Arriving at a party and leaving it again just a minute later are not mutually exclusive,« Sherlock reminded him.
Eventually they got up and went to the living room. There were a few presents underneath the tree, Mrs Hudson’s, Mycroft’s, Sherlock’s parents’, Greg’s and Molly’s.
Mycroft arrived half an hour after the call with a large bag containing everything John asked for. “Thanks,” he said.
Sherlock followed John’s movements carefully at first, observing his intentions and moving accordingly in the right direction. He did seem to have
Sherlock’s eyes widened in shock and colour rose to his cheeks. John hadn’t noticed anything, had he?
Sherlock pushed up into the sensation, eager to feel more and more and more. “This feels amazing,” he breathed he finally found the friction he'd been searching.
“There was no way anyone could not fall for him,” John chuckled softly and turned his head to look at Sherlock. “His name was Ryan.”
“Sherlock…,” John reprimanded him, but he merely shrugged, and said, “They’re likely not even suitable for that purpose.”
He was living in the present, not in the past. Time to stop thinking about them and focus on what he had now, what he experienced now and (hopefully) in the years to come.
Sherlock never stays to get him off. He always disappears before John can. He brings him so close, but John continually makes the same mistake in his dreams. He reaches out to touch him.
There were large, slightly purple bags under his eyes and his skin was paler than usual. He didn’t know if he should be relieved John was finally home or if he should be angry at him for not even calling once, not replying to his texts, not trying to contact him in any way and now walking into their kitchen with a tired smile as though nothing had happened.
"I just want that to stay that way." John's voice was stern and gentle at the same time, and Sherlock wondered how he achieved that. He squeezed his hand, and his eyes turned soft. They were as blue and deep as the sea, threatening to pull him in and drown him if he didn't tread carefully. Sherlock never took careful steps.
John’s hands follow the lines and muscles on his back before they come to rest on his sides. He caresses him circling his thumbs.
He goes back to the house in the suburbs one last time, to face her, to tell her, to break things off and apologise. He can deal with the guilt on another day. When he arrives, he finds her packing. “It’s all right, John. No need to say anything.”
John’s lips were soft and his stubble brushed against his chin and right cheek. The additional sensation let him hum silently even though he tried to repress any more sounds.
John let out a deep sigh and ran a hand through his hair. He didn’t know if Sherlock told him the truth, but he had to believe him for now. »Good.«
Sherlock fiddled with his keys as he tried to open the door. Once he let himself inside, he turned back around to face John who was just behind him. "Please don't tell her," he whispered.
John wanted to say something, but a voice from a distance didn’t let him. “You two should really get a room.”
Thinking about it tinted his cheeks in a rosy colour even deeper than they had until just now. He couldn’t bear it any longer. He finally lowered his eyes and found John’s eyes staring right at him. They were soft, dark, pupils blown wide, crinkly skin around them as he smiled up at him. “You’re rather good at this,” he grinned.
Sherlock almost slipped on the ice when he stepped onto it and it turned out he was terrible at skating so he clung to John at all times, but neither of them minded. John skated backwards while holding both of Sherlock’s hands tightly to teach him a bit and help him keep his balance.
"How do you feel, poor darling?" She tuts and wipes his sweat-slicked hair from his brow. "I would make you a cuppa if this hospital had any way of doing so." She puts her hands on her hips, looking around. "How do you feel?"
One hand in John’s hair tightens; the other wanders down to his neck, fingers running over a sensitive spot just behind his earlobe.
They follow her, not realising Rosie threw away her little pink elephant, leaving it behind on the living room floor.
He dared to open his eyes slowly and found John observing him; his eyes almost entirely black in the dim light of the light post that fell through the window.
“I think you’ll get on very well,” John said with a grin and climbed back into bed beside Sherlock, pressing a little kiss to his cheek, but his face then met the wet tongue of the furball.
While he was at it, he decided to make a Christmas list. He found an empty piece of paper in the mess on their living room table and started writing down all the people’s names he’d buy a gift for this year.
“More than enough. I admit that the shower is the least of my worries compared to what they might do to the rest of the house in their state that will surely only get worse in the course of the night.”
John's lips were, somehow, everywhere; on his neck in one minute, leaving his bites and kisses and nibbles on the sensitive spot below his ear or close to his nipple, circling it with agonisingly slow licks and laps. In the next minute, his hands were stroking up and down Sherlock's sides, leaving goosebumps on his heated skin, auburn hair standing up like it would in a cold winter night, then wandering on to his thighs, their insides and back out again, up to his hips, his waist, the small of his back as he arched off the bed in pleasure, letting out the quietest moan that John's hands and tongue managed to draw from his throat.
»Stop lying. You want him to celebrate with us, too. Admit it,« John answered and pulled away to punch Sherlock’s shoulder lightly.
"Fine, fine," she sighed. Sherlock could hear the smile in her voice. "When will you come back for Christmas? Have you already bought a train ticket?"
John rested his warm palms on his shoulder blades for a little before he started moving them in small circles. He repeated his movement for another few minutes, easing each muscle a little more before he released him and removed his hands to let Sherlock sit up and stretch.
"Neither can I," Sherlock breathes, and they look into each other's eyes for a long moment, and they would have for much longer had it not been for Rosie who starts crying right there, right then.
"This has got nothing to do with you," John promised him. "You're totally right. We shouldn't let them do this to us, but for now, I would like to avoid a fight. Can you understand?"
“He said you taught him a bit of volleyball? You must have worn him out quite a lot yesterday. His muscles were aching a
Sherlock leant forward and pressed his lips against John’s as he wrapped a hand around John’s hot length, making John moan into Sherlock’s mouth. He circled the tip with his thumb and then started to stroke him slowly, but firmly.
»I bet it was the day you wanted me to leave and take my time coming home,« John chuckled. »It didn’t smell of butyric acid at all when I got back!«
He already had. There was no need to go over it all once more, but he realised that for now, he wouldn't get a more positive reaction from John, so he decided to drop the subject. "I will, even though I don't think it'll change my mind."
“You’re tense,” he said, and his thumb stroked over his shirt-clad skin. It was more than distracting.
Sherlock blushed bright red and turned his head away to hide it. John was watching him intently, though, and his smile only widened when he saw it. He straightened and leant up to kiss Sherlock’s flushed cheek, cupping the other one with his hand. “No need to be shy.”
He wants to scream, too. Yet all he can do was watch himself break because it was the truth. Sherlock would find somebody else. He is replaceable. Especially after everything he has done. It shouldn't be a very difficult choice …
They don't talk much more. It feels like a silent agreement that yes, things did go wrong in the past, but also yes, they will be fine. They'll be okay. They are already. They will be better.
Sherlock hummed quietly and nodded once before he drifted off into a feverish slumber. The last thing he felt was John checking his pulse again.
And that was when their haste lost all impatience and slowed to more sensuous touches and kisses. Their fingers seemed almost too lazy to push buttons through holes and unbuckle belts, shove down waistbands. The alcohol had broken all the barriers and taken down the walls, and all that was left was the desire for each other in their sleep-deprived state.
"Unbelievable," John laughed and patted the spot beside him. He had brought along a blanket and a book he must have forgotten about a long time ago, judging by the pace John would normally read and the few pages he had managed to read in the past hour.
He opened a few of the other boxes, too, to take a peek at what was in them. They had so much Christmas decoration it was unbelievable. He took out a dark blue bauble on which someone had sprayed a snow-covered winter landscape at night. It was very pretty and elegantly styled.
The sound is incredibly loud every time, and he is lucky none of them has hit him yet. The wound in his chest stings. Aching, bleeding. He is losing more blood with every step he takes, every metre he left behind him. And most of the tunnel still lies ahead of him.
When he heard the door of John’s room click shut, he closed his eyes, taking a deep breath. He decided to clean up the mess he left on the kitchen table and took his time with it. He was going to apologise because that’s what one does, isn’t it? But not right away. John surely wanted some alone time and Sherlock couldn’t blame him. Of course, he was difficult to be with and even though John knew that, Sherlock mentally punched himself for not being a bit nicer to the very best man who has ever walked into his life.
John extricated himself from Sherlock’s limbs after what seemed like an eternity and disappeared in the bathroom.
John laughed heartily. “No need to stammer. I wasn’t trying to imply anything here,” he said reassuringly. “I barely got to talk to you after the experiment in class.”
John glanced at his watch that lay on the bedside table. “It’s half nine,” he answered. “Bill never wakes up before ten. Mike said they’ll come back after breakfast. So we’ve got two hours probably.”
»I pull myself together all the time when he’s around, in case you haven’t noticed,« Sherlock snorted and reached for his mug.
Eventually, with Sherlock's hands on his body and Sherlock so close behind him, John's heartbeat speeds up.
“Family fall-out. My mother finally left my father this year. She spends Christmas with her sister this year, and my sister decided to celebrate with her girlfriend's family, neither of which I'm particularly keen on," John explained. "Don't look at me like that. I don't mind."
It had been so long since someone’s shown him so much love and affection. Of course he learnt to live without it and and he was sure he didn’t need it either. It had worked for at least a decade after all. But now that John held him and kissed him ever so softly, by God, he never wanted to get on with his life without it anymore.
John nodded. »You’re right, thanks, mate,« he said quietly and turned his head to see Sherlock was just on his way back to them.
“Can you sit up a little?” he asked him as he handed Sherlock the tablet. Sherlock swallowed it and emptied the glass before he sank back against the pillow.
John laughs in his face for that. “I’ll show you who the prude is as soon as we’re out of this tub.”
A weight rested heavily on his chest, suffocating him. His fingers were trembling, so he dug them hard into the fabric of his jeans to make them stop. They didn’t. His entire body started heaving deep breaths, but whenever he exhaled, the air shakily escaped from his lungs.
When his back hit an old light post, his heart must have skipped a thousand beats at once. His chest was heaving.
Sherlock didn’t know if he should be angry with John for forcing him to lay it all out on the table or if he should be relieved he could finally get it off his chest and make John see even though he hated the emotions clouding his judgement and leaving him incapable of forming another sentence without a sob joining his words.
Sherlock frowns as though he has stated the most idiotic thing in the world. "I already told you. You're always welcome here, John." His eyes are sharper and more piercing than he has ever seen them. "This is your home, too. It has been even when you–," he hesitates, "even when you didn't live here."
They were both so close. Sherlock could feel it. He met John’s movements with every stroke, pushing himself against him until the friction was just right and, oh God, he came apart like a man who drowned in the sea.
John did everything he could to make Sherlock recover as soon as possible. He made him eat and sleep regularly (there was the fuss, then). He asked him how he was feeling all the time and Sherlock was genuinely confused because he had no idea what happened that made John behave so differently than in the previous weeks.
Some nights, Sherlock fell asleep with his head tucked under John’s chin, their arms draped over each other’s bodies, fingers playing drowsily with the hem of one another’s shirts, innocently touching the heated skin beneath it until the night let its veil fall over their exhausted forms.
The pills wouldn’t settle his stomach. He vomited several times into the bucket until John wondered how it was still possible because there couldn’t be anything left.
»John, it’s … it’s utterly perfect,« Sherlock breathed and set it down carefully, moving closer to kiss him. »It’s wonderful, thank you,« he whispered against John’s lips.
It felt as though a veil has been lifted from Sherlock’s eyes, taking all remainders of the fog that had clouded his brain with anger, frustration, bitterness, and pain. But he could see could see it now. He could see why John had reacted that way, so furious and unrestrained.
John swirled his thumb over his sensitive head, eliciting the sweetest sounds from Sherlock's throat.
John grabbed both of his hands and crossed his arms behind his back, trying to sprain at least one of them. He pressed him to the ground and sat on his arms to hold him down. “Get away from here now,” he hissed to Sherlock, but he just shook his head.
He can only imagine how hard this is for Sherlock, remaining strong when emotions cross his path and get in the way, especially when it comes to Rosie, but no matter how difficult and improbable it seems, they have to find a way to solve this without blaming their failures on their feelings.
»Shall we, then?« John asked who returned the grin and rested his hand on Sherlock’s hip. He was going to support his weight, still worried Sherlock might have trouble walking or might still be in some pain.
She had been young and fearless – because whatever happened couldn’t be worse than Hitler’s Germany.
"I suppose I do," Sherlock says, his voice a mere whisper. John glances at him quickly, seeing the detective's face washed over by pain at the memory of what happened when John broke down in Culverton's favourite room. "But as I said back then, it was your right to … do what you did."
Sherlock's hands flew smoothly over the fabric of John's shirt, only a thin layer of cotton between his fingertips and John's chest. John wasn't the only one who had learnt Sherlock's body's responses to touch.
“Well, I didn’t bring anything with me but myself,” John chuckled and then grimaced. Sherlock smiled. He’d really had too much to drink.
Sherlock didn’t need the music paper; he already knew it all by heart. He tuned the instrument before he started playing the song that meant so much to him, almost as much as John did.
coming to rest on Sherlock’s heart that pounded so hard in his chest, threatening to jump out of his chest. The touch brought chills to his spine and goose bumps to his skin. He felt John’s warm breath on the back of his neck and if he hadn’t been such a coward, he would’ve turned around in John’s arms, cuddled into his chest and rested his head on John’s shoulder.
Mrs Hudson is already drying her hands before she picks up Rosie from her highchair and heads downstairs to open the door. A minute later, Mycroft Holmes is standing in their doorway.
All John is still capable of is a nod before he is forced to release himself from Sherlock's warmth. He slips into his coat and shoes, and before long, they're in a cab on their way to track down the person who took their little girl away.
“Once,” Mycroft told him. “He was at university. The people he engaged with at that time introduced him to the drug scene … well, I am sure you can imagine what they were like.”
He leant over John's body, fingers resting on his hips and thumbs drawing small circles on his skin. He kissed John's groin almost too tenderly, but then John kept teasing him all the time as well. Above him, John let out a gasp. A musky scent found its way to Sherlock's nose, and he catalogued the smell while he still could. Running his tongue over the patches of skin that he had kissed, he slowly reached the inside of John's thigh, remaining there for a little while, using his teeth to nibble at the golden skin and to leave a faint mark there.
, Sherlock wanted to say and knew exactly how cheesy this sounded, so he didn't give those thoughts a voice. "Sure."
He wants to remember what happened, but every thought that dares to look back into the past feels like an arrow shooting through his skull. Instead, he looks down to his sternum covered by a thin hospital gown. He feels the thick, itchy bandages, and lets out a frustrated huff.
“Because I know exactly what you were about to ask.” Another grin appeared on Sherlock’s lips. “It was literally on your forehead in huge letters.”
He was relieved Mrs Hudson wasn’t in. She only would have asked questions he was not willing and incapable to answer right now.
»I couldn’t wait for the time when all this horror would finally stop and we could go back to the life we had before it started to get dangerous. So now that we are, I want to be completely honest with you and finally tell you what I’ve meant to say to you for a long time.
Turning back around to the corridor towards the loos, he hoped the man from earlier would still be there. He wasn’t.
is addicted to, been a terribly annoying but also an endearingly charming friend who cared more about him than he let on. Yes, he had weird habits, like talking to a skull on their mantelpiece and keeping body parts in the fridge – the head had been the biggest shock in John's life when he opened the fridge door – next to the food John actually intended to eat, but John got to see the parts of him that nobody else got to see, that nobody else had ever looked for, merely characterising him as the weirdo who solved crimes for fun and conducted odd experiments. But Sherlock had a heart, too, a very fragile one, as John realised very soon into their friendship. The Adler case still weighs heavily on his heart and procures jealousy inside him by just thinking about the way she played with his head and made him interested in her, be it only for her intellect. He had hated how heartbroken Sherlock became once she "died". Maybe he should already have known back then, but nobody had forced himself to come to terms with his own feelings at that time. It had taken Sherlock's own death for him to finally acknowledge how much he cared about him and to accept that this was the case.
John promised her to give her the recipe later and left the rest of the biscuits downstairs. Apparently she’d eaten all of them now.
“Irene stole and returned my train ticket.” She had told him about that on the cab ride here. ("You can by another one tomorrow," she smirked as she handed him back the money.)
He heard footsteps crunching quietly in the sand. Sherlock’s eyes still tried to adjust to the brightness of the sun when he looked up to make out where the ball came from, but then he saw a young man with an apologetic look on his face jogging towards him.
Sherlock leant down to open one of the boxes and revealed a set of baubles and Christmas ornaments. He had never seen it before so it must’ve been John’s, who, as he just realised, was nowhere to be seen.
John greeted him with the warm smile that seemed to linger on his lips for longer than necessary recently. »Morning,« he said and sipped at his tea. »Feeling better?«
“No. Please, John. It’s just not my thing.” Sweating bodies overly smelling of perfume dancing next to each other, the idea wasn’t very appealing to him.
He swallows all the doubts that linger on his tongue. "I've never heard that song before. Is it your own composition?
When John caught the ball again, he wondered what he had done wrong now. He was trying hard; there were beads of sweat on his forehead and he started to feel the fabric of his shirt sticking to his back.
The intimate moment they’d shared just a few moments ago was gone so John got up and went to get the recipe, handing it to their landlady.
John giggled softly and then shrugged. “Having the British Government’s blessing seemed very appropriate.”
Apparently, Sherlock hadn't noticed him come back either, entirely concentrating on the little girl on his lap, telling her facts about elephants.
He whirled around at the sound of an all too familiar voice. “Oh,” he cleared his throat. His heart was pounding at least a million times too quickly, but at least it didn’t show in his voice. “John. Hello.”
Sherlock’s appearances are not restricted to the dreams he has at night. Daydreams are just as vivid. Sometimes, he stands in an aisle inside Tesco, debating which cereal he should buy.
John opens his mouth, the questions double and triple in his head, but Sherlock goes on before he gets the chance to speak. "I'll spare you all the details for now. You should rest – doctor's orders."
He had focussed on his books on bee culture, on chemical experiments and had found interest in gardening – or rather the consistency of different plant fibres – which is what Karla thought initially when he started taking different samples. In exchange for the torment on her poor plants, he agreed to water them after he was done experimenting.
God, how he wished it would all go quiet. The nagging voices and thoughts, and most of all, the blasting music.
Whenever he breathed out, a little moan of pleasure accompanied his gasps, but he simply couldn't suppress them.
"Not if it isn't strictly necessary," Sherlock admitted. "Look at those lunatics on the dance floor; they can barely hold themselves up."
John immediately dragged Sherlock upstairs to his bathroom, seemingly ignoring his own injury. “Let me see your eye,” he told him.
Sherlock reached into his other shoe. John had wrapped a napkin around a couple of biscuits they’d made the day before.
Sherlock’s left hand rested on John’s shoulder as John guided them through the first awkward, uncoordinated steps of their dance. There was not much space because everyone in the room was dancing now, but John didn’t seem to mind that. The fact that most of their fellow students danced with their counterparts or their best friends did not seem to bother him the least.
“Much,” Sherlock replied as he walked to his wardrobe and took out a fresh pair of short pyjama bottoms, pants and a t-shirt. “The tablet is working.”
“I came here to apologise and to explain, but instead you must think all I wanted was to blame you. That really wasn’t my intention, Sherlock. I just wanted you to understand.”
I intend to update more regularly, but I can't make any promises. Hopefully, you still enjoy reading as much as I enjoy writing it.
John sat up to let Sherlock pull his shirt over his head and throw it carelessly on the floor. With that, he straddled Sherlock’s hips, rubbing over Sherlock’s middle with his own when he leant down to kiss him. They both moaned into each other’s mouths at the sensation, swallowing the sounds of each other.
»I see nothing changes, even on Christmas Day,« Mycroft sighed as he passed them on the way to the kitchen.
He has seen people die around him on the battlefield; he has shot one of his comrades to spare him the suffering. He has seen blood and fear and death, and he has overcome it. He has been through worse, has acquired a bad shoulder and a limp along the way, PTSD and nightmares, episodic depression and an alcohol problem; this can hardly be a huge deal.
“I dreamt I was taking you home to introduce you. My father was there,” he began. Meaning he shouldn’t have been there. “They got a divorce when I was sixteen. I don’t know what he was doing there.”
»They’re in the top drawer, next to the black ones,« came Sherlock’s muffled answer. Only his hair was sticking out from under the duvet now. His great aunt loved knitting so she would give him a new pair of woollen socks for Christmas every year. He’d only kept a few; otherwise he’d need another drawer.
John's lips curled upwards. Almost goofy. Besotted. Slowly, the hand that had just shown him the depth of space found its rightful place on Sherlock's cheek, caressing his cheekbone gently. "I love you, too, Sherlock."
When Sherlock opened his mouth to say no, John already interrupted. “Oh no, I won’t sit here and swallow up your money.”
“Your wish is my command,” John whispered and then began to lick up and down his cock as if it were an ice popsicle.
Then he spoke softly and quietly and sadly, and Sherlock's eyes fell closed to the voice he knew very well and missed far too much. The voice that had uttered far too mean words that had hurt more than daggers cutting through his chest, more than the bullets of any weapon could have done; hitting him right in his most vulnerable part, in a moment of being open and trusting and hopeful. At his weakest.
»That’d do his weight some good,« Sherlock murmured quietly and only John could hear it, who started laughing immediately. »It wouldn't do yours any good, though.«
He didn’t have to think of the notes when he raised the bow to the strings again because his fingers ghosted over the instrument and his arm moved the bow as though he was in trance. The music resonated through their silent flat, telling the story of how Sherlock Holmes
»But that doesn’t mean I can’t experience pleasure or … arousal,« he clarified, »and I do find myself rather … attracted to you,« he admitted.
And there it is. The missing train carriage. They find demolition charges inside the tunnel. They’re everywhere. Meant to blow up Parliament. The whole carriage is the bomb. Sherlock reveals that within less than two minutes. John hasn’t even noticed the wires leading up to the giant bomb hidden under a loose panel on the floor.
“Why do you think?” he asked bitterly, staring at the orange juice slowly mixing with the grenadine.
“Thank you,” he slurred, already partly in another, quieter world. John took the cloth back to the bathroom and closed the door behind him when he returned and slipped back into bed beside Sherlock, winding an arm around his waist and entangling his legs with Sherlock’s. “We’ll be absolutely knackered tomorrow.”
This was something new. John usually went downstairs to help Mrs Hudson bake biscuits and little cakes. That’s what he used to do every year. What made him want to do it in their kitchen? On a table Sherlock misused for conducting experiments and dissecting human organs?
Sherlock was about to rattle through a considerable chain of deductions when he felt John's foot kicking his own carefully but firmly. His head spun around, glancing over John's face signalling to keep it to himself this time.
"You were not responsible," John insists. "Not for any of this." It takes a while before Sherlock's last words sink in. "You… you did what?"
»Yoohoo!« Neither of them had heard their landlady ascend the stairs who was now standing in the doorway to the sitting room and Sherlock’s head jerked around immediately. »Sorry, I didn’t interrupt anything, did I?«
He heard the bathroom door fall shut and bare feet approaching his bedroom. John opened the door and came in. He was clad in jeans and a spare t-shirt he used to keep here since he had occasionally used his old bedroom despite having moved out. His hair was still damp from showering and his smile was bright, but the large bags under his eyes spoke volumes. “Oh, you’re awake. How are you feeling?”
John bumps his knee against Sherlock's under the table in mock annoyance, but can't hide his grin. "Shut up."
Sherlock is laughing now. "Oh, John. She inspired me to write the song, as she was a very clever woman indeed. The song I wrote then merely expressed my admiration for her intelligence. I have not ever been even remotely interested in her – even if that wasn't exactly mutual." He shakes his head at the memory of Irene's flirting attempts. And the 58 texts. Yes, he still counts.
Too many things have been going on in both their lives and even though John still isn't able to adequately differentiate between what was his coma-induced dream and reality, he knows Sherlock has been through a lot as well. His childhood, his brother, not being appreciated but instead bullied for the way he is.
John caressed the skin on his thighs, his fingertips scratching over it lightly. Warm and solid. His tongue slid under Sherlock’s foreskin, and God, that almost did it for him. He wanted to look down, wanted to watch John so badly, but the view would have snapped him in half. He was sure of it.
“What did you discuss with my brother? And where have you been when you came home late that day and didn’t shower immediately?” Sherlock asked quietly as the puppy he still held protectively in his arms started to lick his face enthusiastically. “What did you want to ask me?”
Sherlock couldn't stop grinning. For the very first time, someone other than his family was impressed by his deductions and didn't immediately want to get away from his as far and quickly as possible.
Purely imagining it made him feel dizzy and he felt the need to get away; he needed a moment. He simply couldn’t keep dancing with John and think about what might happen later on tonight. He lost control over his brain and more and more images flashed through his mind. He had to leave immediately, just for a few minutes.
John only nodded, still breathing heavily before he kissed him; fiercely. Sherlock reciprocated immediately, winding his arms around John's body and holding him close, running his fingers over his back slowly and gently.
John left him gasping and panting when he pulled back; his pupils blown wide and his pulse elevated. He looked down and saw the bulge coming to view in his pyjama bottoms. He could feel it, too, hard and resistant on his belly.
He grabs the bag and tries not to hiss, thankfully making it out of sight without showing any weakness. It still hurts. It’s still painful, but he has got it under control.
“No, believe me,” John smiled genuinely and pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s lips once more. He believed it.
»I’m very happy to have you here this year, John, and I know Sherlock is, too. He told me about it on the phone,« she grinned. »He hasn’t sounded this excited in a long time.«
“Yes, I remember you saying that to me,” John smiled softly. He had asked Sherlock on their second day of knowing each other if he did it at all and was incredulous at him replying only when the urge overcame him and hindered him from thinking.
When the bullying first started, there had not been a single day on which he didn't come home with tear-stained eyes. His parents' consolation had helped at first – a lot – until the next day. Until the next time it happened. It had taken him a long time to keep his features under control – at least until nobody could see him break down; mentally or physically.
John's fingers found their rightful place in Sherlock's hair, rubbing the pads of his fingers over his sensitive scalp and caressing the soft, untameable curls – dishevelling what wasn't willing to look acceptable tonight anyway. Upon grazing his skin with his fingernails, Sherlock let out a quiet gasp, giving John's tongue the chance to sneak into the heat of his mouth, meeting Sherlock's – teasing, playing, exploring.
He was so immersed in his own thoughts he only realised he forgot his sandals when he turned left to walk through the haven area. Sighing in annoyance, he turned around to go and fetch them when a man with broad shoulders and a tall posture stood in front of him, and he felt the barrel of a gun press against his chest.
»Shut up,« Sherlock mumbled and tried to suppress the smile that’s tugging at the corners of his lips.
"Hey!" John gently bumped one of his knees against Sherlock's spine in mock-irritation. "We all are sometimes," he grinned. "Look at you right now. You're the epitome of laziness."
His throat feels horribly dry, though, and swallowing is hard. He finds himself coughing, and the pain in his chest worsens instantly. He presses a hand to the spot that hurts the most, but that only increases the pain. He exhales through his teeth and swallows hard.
Sherlock shrugged. »You’re terrible at keeping a secret, especially this one. Didn’t even take me a second to figure out where you’d put it.«
He wants so much more than what they had before, but he can’t tell Sherlock about this. Yet going back to how things used to be is still a more appealing thought than their current situation.
“Yes, haven’t got anything planned for the rest of our stay, really. From now on, everything’s more or less spontaneous.”
"John," was all Sherlock was capable of saying and yet he forgot what he wanted to tell him once the word had slipped out. There was so much to say and yet nothing to say at all. Everything was clear and yet they still needed to figure it all out.
"J-John! John, I'm– I'm…Ohhh…" A hot wave of release painted both their chests before he could finish his sentence. He felt as if he was jumping off a cliff, the thrill of the fall causing a sharp tingle within his chest, taking his breath away. A loud moan freed itself from his chest, sounding like John's name, but only vaguely. He kept grinding against John who held him close and stroked him through the aftershocks until he shivered from oversensitivity.
Yes, they had shared one ice cream cup, and they had kissed briefly in front of people, but that had been in more or less private areas, a somewhat deserted space behind the marram grass, safe from the public eye, or a secret corner in the ice cream parlour they often frequented.
Both of them spun around at once. John’s hands left Sherlock’s body, straightening up. Like a soldier, Sherlock thought, while he still crouched by the kitchen counter.
Sherlock swallowed and sank back against the pillow. “I can’t believe I have to wait an entire day to find out.”
He was miles away, completely focused on the bees and not even listening to the babbling of the children anymore who kept begging their parents to go and play with them in the water when a very sandy volleyball hit the back of his head out of nowhere.
“Bossy tonight, are we?” John asks as he kisses his thigh, teasing him with his teeth, nibbling gently.
He declines dinner, saying he is not hungry. That night, he doesn't sleep well at all, restlessly tossing his duvet about. He can't find peace of mind, keeps thinking about what was and what is and what will be, and by God, he misses Sherlock's steady presence by his bedside.
»What would be in it for you if I were there?« Mycroft asked him, slightly bemused. »My presence usually bothers you.«
"You're bloody amazing," he whispers into the quiet room that is only filled with the sounds of their ragged inhales.
John took the thermometer out of Sherlock’s mouth after a couple of minutes and had a look at the temperature scale. »I was right. You’re feverish.«
"Do you remember what happened?" Sherlock's asks in a hushed tone. With his head still buzzing, it feels just right.
“You’ll never leave us alone, will you?” John reached for Sherlock’s hand, intertwining their fingers. “I’ll get back at you eventually.”
Sherlock hummed in agreement and inched closer. Fingers found messy curls. Love is enchanting, he thought and laughed about how stupid and sentimental this sounded and how relieved he was that he had not said it out loud.
He broke the kiss, panting hard and looking up into John's eyes; his pupils were swallowing his ocean blue irises, black taking over. Gathering up more courage and willing his fingers not to tremble this time, he reached for the button on John's jeans. The undertaking worked a lot better this time. He felt the bulge beneath his fingertips – just inches away from his face.
“In the right cabinet, middle shelf.” Sherlock sighs and gets up from the tub. John isn’t having it.
“Of course. Why else would I say that?” John’s smile disappeared slightly and Sherlock regretted making that comment instantly.
"Jesus." John rubs a hand over his face. "My phone, Mrs Hudson, could you hand me my phone, please?"
There was a lump in his throat that simply wouldn’t go away. He was still staring at John and he felt as though he’d just been reborn because how was it possible that his John, caring and loving John, who always said he was not interested in him, loved him after all? He had to take it in at first and it would take eons to process this new piece of information.
The trousers fall to the floor, and Sherlock steps out of them, making no big show out of it and reaching for John's own flies. Before long, they stand in front of each other in nothing more than their boxers. Sherlock's are black and look very soft, probably designed by someone with a huge name, but John honestly couldn't care less right now because what lies beneath them and currently presses against the fabric is much more interesting. He reaches down to touch the outer side of his pants, and Sherlock moans, resting his hands on John's shoulders and his forehead against John's. His touches are light – teasing – because that's what he deserves for all the derisive comments about his performance.
However, of course, the tables turned. Eventually, the overly aggressive boys used exactly this to their advantage. “At least
Sherlock had reached the devastating realisation that he didn’t want John to spend time with anyone else who was a potential threat. So far they had known each other for almost three weeks, the last two weeks having been very life-changing for him because he was unable to control his thoughts anymore, words slipped out before he had the chance to reconsider them, and, which was the worst of all, he constantly found himself in a state of light arousal when John was with him. This condition worsened when he wasn’t wearing a shirt.
Sherlock took a deep breath and closed his eyes. »I’d like to leave now. Have we been here long enough to go home immediately without having to discuss it first?«
When they finally parted for a little longer, John spoke first. "… Not here on the sofa," he whispered, probably not trusting his voice quite yet.
“Because I mean it,” Sherlock said. “And I need to know if you want this to be a summer fling or not because–“ he stopped.
The other students had gathered at the bar once more and others had resumed their places at the side of the hall, drinking mulled wine, punch and whatever else that caused them to laugh about the most ambiguous jokes their friends made. Many others were still on the dance floor, their intoxicated state already noticeable.
Mrs Hudson chuckles lightly. "You should see the two of them together. Sherlock loves her. Absolutely adorable! The other day, they were playing with dolls. It seemed like Sherlock was much more into it than our sweet Rosie was! Oh, if only I knew how to work with those new phones, I would have taken a photo and shown you!"
“Sherlock,” John said gently and touched his shoulder lightly to wake him up. “I’d like to take your temperature.”
The next time Sherlock visited him in his dreams, he sat down on the end of his bed, resting a hand on his foot. The weight felt comfortable, right. Sherlock touching him felt right.
»Oh,« John grinned and took his hand, dragging him towards the bedroom. »I think I can do something about that.«
Sherlock turns his back away from him, quickly gathering the medical equipment one by one. “It’s nothing John, please don’t––“ he answers hurriedly, but John doesn’t let him finish.
"Mike's parents have a holiday house here. We can go back whenever we like, but I intend to stay for a while after all the stress."
Sherlock looked at John who was slightly alarmed, but he didn’t seem to be intimidated. He straightened his back and stood beside John, trying to find out what his grandma was thinking.
“If you had slept upstairs last night, this wouldn’t have happened. If we hadn’t– if I hadn’t distracted you–“
»Sherlock, –« John started, wanting to tell him he didn’t have to do this for him, but all his words got lost in the deep moan he couldn’t hold back when Sherlock almost enveloped his entire length. He started to bob his head slowly at first, but faster eventually and John couldn’t help but gasp and sigh in relief and pleasure at once.
“It fits very well, I’m afraid,” Mycroft says. “It wasn’t easy to get this piece of information. She staged her death in order to follow the task set before a long time ago.”
Tears well up in John's eyes. He doesn't know if it is because of how lowly Sherlock thinks of himself or because he's lying deliberately, and John has to admit to himself what a terrible father he is. He can't say it's not true although it genuinely isn't. He loves Rosie and Sherlock equally – he really does – but Sherlock has given him so much more than Rosie has. Sherlock has saved him over and over; time and time again.
He takes Sherlock’s hand to get his attention. Sherlock looks up and seems to understand him without needing to ask because the next thing he does is nod and then pull him towards the bedroom.
Sherlock fell. He fell into darkness and numbness and he had never felt so good and terrible at the same time. He was breathing heavily as his brain released endorphins. It overwhelmed and absolutely devastated him.
Sherlock’s eyes focussed on John’s right eye, then his left, then his right again, and back to his left; still unable to process, incapable of understanding the reasons.
"Good," John said mildly and leant forward, cupping Sherlock's cheek with his left hand and caressing the warm skin under his fingertips. He brushed his cheekbone with his thumb, and Sherlock's eyes fell closed for a second as he leant into the touch, thanking whoever allowed him to have this.
The expression on John’s face was indescribable. His eyes looked like the depth of the ocean, calm, peaceful, his lips curled upwards in an inviting smile. Probably at the sight in front of him. He had rendered him speechless and vulnerable. He allowed him to be vulnerable and open without feeling exposed. Always making sure he was feeling good and enjoying what they did.
It makes him feel sick. The way he kept punching him, kicking him, hurting him even more when he was already a wreck. At the bottom of the pit he said he could only climb out of with John’s help. All John had done was push him deeper into it.
“God, I’m sorry. Maybe I shouldn’t have said any of this,” John breathed against his skin as he held him in his arms.
"Oh, so your care is limited? I must have exhausted your supply, then. I didn't know this is how this works!"
John rolled his eyes at him, but a smile already appeared on his lips again. “Trust me, my intentions aren’t even clear to myself yet,” he answered. “You look good.”
Sherlock shrugged at the last comment. “Thankfully I didn’t waste my time then,” he answered, trying to keep his tone light. “I heard you weren’t so sure about coming here tonight either,” he said stupidly and immediately regretted his words.
“That wouldn’t even be a lie,” John replied and closed both hands around Sherlock’s. “How are you feeling?”
Sherlock whimpers, swallowing hard. He lets out shallow breaths, and John feels that he is on the very edge, but then groans and squeezes his hand even more firmly. “Wait, John nngg, ah, wait, wait. Oh God.”
Sherlock presses the tips of his fingers together in front of his mouth, a well-known gesture. He's thinking, but what about, John can only assume. He'd give a penny, heck, he'd give millions to know what's going on in Sherlock's head, but he knows he'd probably not understand a single thing.
A sheepish look from Sherlock probably told John all he needed to know. He was pleased with himself. Despite their slight height difference, the jacket fit Sherlock perfectly, and it was nice and warm.
When he thought it was too late for it to get any better, John started to touch his sides, making him wince and giggle. “Stop, that tickles!”
He is begging now. And all of a sudden Sherlock is just gone. He lets out a breath. It is not out of relief because Sherlock disappearing never brings a relief. The silence is suffocating, and the quiet feels as if it's choking him.
All the air inside him leaves John’s lungs with one exhale. He approaches him slowly. “Sherlock, good Lord, what have they done to you …”
Sherlock had caught a glimpse of him playing volleyball earlier and noticed him and his three other friends speaking English. He sat up and rubbed the back of his head. “It’s all right.”
He didn’t even want to think about what time it was. His grandma with a very light sleep was only two walls away.
“Nothing, oh God, nothing. I just–“ He has trouble catching his breath, so John waits patiently. His fingers trail over his shin slowly nonetheless. Sherlock leans onto his elbows and reaches for him, pulling him into a breathy, uncoordinated kiss. “I want,” he whispers against his lips. “I want you. All of you.”
Sherlock wanted to know what John’s lips felt like. They looked soft and gentle, always curled upward into the warm and teasing smiles.
"Sherlock," John swallows. "I'm not angry, all right? I was just– I was worried, am worried, for God's sake."
Sherlock comments. Of course, there he is. His voice is close to John’s ear. He wonders why he doesn’t just take a seat on the third chair by the table.
John closes his eyes. That was the Sherlock in his mind. Not the real one. Who knows what the real Sherlock wants. He said he considered himself married to his work that first night at Angelo’s. Has that changed?
With a smile and utter contentment settling over his entire body like the blanket that John pulled over both of them, Sherlock fell asleep.
John gets up from the cold, hard tile floor. Sherlock remains where he is. John's knees protest at the sudden stretch, but he doesn't care. He takes off the gloves and bins them. Then, he reaches for Sherlock's face, leans down and kisses him tenderly as if his fragile frame might break under his touch. He won't wrap him up in cotton wool because he knows Sherlock would hate him if he did, but he needs to show him that things will be different now. No more torture and no more pain. Just genuine affection and gentle words.
“Hey, love. What are you thinking about?” John asked softly into the silence having surrounded them for a few minutes now.
»What are we waiting for then?« John smiled warmly at her. He started the film and they got comfortable on the sofa with another hot cocoa for the little girl and a cup of tea for himself.
“Sherlock!” John rushed forward, resting his hand on his shoulder to support his weight. “Okay, this is it,” he said. “I’m not going to stand by and watch you work while you’re in massive pain. You should be in hospital, damn it!"
John laughed heartily and pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s neck. »I think you knew what you were going to get yourself into when we got together.«
God, it had been so long since someone had kissed him with so much love and affection he’d forgotten what it felt like to feel someone else’s lips start moving against his own because he gasped into the kiss when John parted his lips and invited him in. If John weren’t supporting his weight, he might sink to the floor, Sherlock thought.
John kicked him gently, and he almost lost his balance and fell on the floor. "I knew you'd say that," he chuckled and pulled him back again, burying his nose in Sherlock's hair and kissing his neck softly.
“Hmm.” John brushed their noses together; their lips less than an inch apart. “You fell for me anyway.”
Before he could think about what he had just done, he got up. He had never been as grateful about the adjacent bathroom as he was at this moment. Wiping himself clean, he found himself even more worn-out than he had before.
They would need to have a conversation about this, but for now, he wanted to throw himself into the exciting world of uncertainty.
“Fuck you!” he screamed and somehow scrambled to his feet, trying to knock Sherlock over once more. This time, Sherlock timed his counterstrike better and aimed for the guy’s unprotected nose. Sherlock’s knuckles hit him hard. He actually hated violence, but it was so satisfying to hear the sound of bone on cartilage.
This moment mattered. John’s arms around him mattered. His bright smile mattered. Their lips touching mattered, their deep, even breaths and their hearts beating in unison.
, and certainly no John Watson would provoke a change when it came to his sexual needs, which were, in fact, non-existent. That was, until a certain point when he saw John in his rugby attire, dirty with soil and mud and grass and rain, smiling at his teammates in utter hilarity.
!” Sherlock snapped and turned to look at him a bit too quickly. He felt dizzy and his vision blurred almost entirely. His pupils were blown wide, almost swallowing his irises. “At least I will be, but only if you would
“Most people think it’s weird,” Sherlock told him. “But then, not many people know about it. They just degrade it as a phase or haven’t even heard about it at all. Not that I bragged about it. Nobody cares anyway.”
»Lie on your back,« John ordered and placed a hot water bottle he had prepared earlier on Sherlock’s stomach. He walked over to his armchair, reached for the blanket and wrapped it around his flatmate. »It’ll be better in a few minutes,« he said softly.
»Morning,« Sherlock answered quietly and lay his head on John’s shoulder, locking his eyes with John’s. His pupils were so dark Sherlock thought he would get lost in them.
“The sports fanatic in you is the worst,” Sherlock told him and pushed himself into the water, using John's confusion to his advantage to gain the lead.
He was busy watching the ice cubes glide through the liquor when the most fortunate event of the evening occurred.
John shakes his head, unable to believe that he lived with this lie for years without suspecting a damn thing.
"I'll get it," Sherlock cut in quickly, pressing a kiss to John's nose light-heartedly and conjuring a broad smile on his face before he popped into the bathroom to clean his chest and middle. He rinsed it in the sink and walked over to the door, throwing it across the room for John to do the same after their sticky chests had touched.
He looks as if he is about to ask how long they have been standing there, but he says nothing. Instead, he gets up from his chair, holding Rosie in his arms, and comes over. “Look, Daddy is back,” he tells her.
“I would make a soup out of the interior stuff, but I don’t know if I have to arrange your funeral first.”
Sherlock suddenly slumped in John’s grasp. “Sherlock,” he breathed and tightened his arms around him, catching him just in time. He lifted him into his arms and carried him to the bedroom (when had he lost so much weight?). He laid him down on the rumpled sheets. “Sherlock,” he mumbled and three fingers brushed against his cheek.
John huffs a silent laugh. “God, everything,” he says. “If I could undo what I did to you, I would do it this instant.”
Sherlock’s lids fall closed, but his eyes move rapidly behind them. John is still amazed by how quickly Sherlock disappears into his mind palace sometimes.
"I'm not blaming you," he whispers. "Do you hear me? This isn't your fault, all right? You are not at fault. Neither of us is."
Okay here we finally are! I have to say that this chapter was the most fun to write. I can't even tell you :D
Sherlock couldn't hold back the whine that broke free from his throat. It already felt like an age since John last touched him, and God, how he had missed it. John's presence, his voice, his smile, and his touch. He seemed to know just how much pressure he needed to apply, how tight he had to jerk his fist to elicit the sweetest sounds from Sherlock, how fast he had to go to bring him close to the edge, and how slow he had to tease him by running his thumb over the head to make him go mad with lust and need.
“Because you were honest with me from the start. At least that’s what I thought because you outright showed me you wear your heart on your sleeve, most of the time anyway, with you deducing me before we even exchanged much more than an actual hello. I liked your straightforwardness, your bluntness because I’m so done with people’s pretence because when people lie about who they are, they lie about what they want, too, since they might think the other person cannot take it if they open up and show you their true self. But a relationship of any kind is not a one-sided matter, and honesty is something that should be taken for granted. I reacted like that because I trusted you, implicitly and completely, and I simply didn’t want to believe that you were lying about a thing as huge as this, but I couldn’t listen to your explanation. If you heard my sister’s explanations about why she desperately needed a drink, you’d know why. It’s just – I cannot deal with this anymore, Sherlock. I cannot have someone lie to me that way again and again, and then be confronted by it
Sherlock's gaze on him is so intense John feels as though he might collapse. And then he understands.
Sherlock’s voice is in his ear, and he can still feel the breath of cool air against the shell of his ear, making his skin prickle and spreading goosebumps all over his body.
The days passed and the next month approached with big steps. July; one of the best months the year had to offer. As if Sherlock didn’t feel hot enough all the time already.
“Don’t you dare die on me,” Sherlock’s voice is closer now. “You can’t die. You can’t leave me!” A weight settles on his forehead. What is– Something wet falls onto his face. He is crying. “It’s
“Would you look at that,” Mike said, observing the scene from afar while the two of them headed to the dance floor. He was not much of a dancer, Sherlock presumed. At least not the enthusiastic drunk dancer such as Greg and Bill. To be quite honest, he could not quite figure out what kind of dancer John was. He could picture him along with Greg and Bill once he was drunk enough, but right now, he seemed rather civilised. Perhaps it was for Sherlock’s sake.
Sherlock slept soundly through the cold and snowy night. John’s protecting arm and his soft lips on his face had given him an inner security that made him sleep peacefully, not a single bad memory haunting him in his slumber.
Overcome with the desire to touch whatever part of John that he could reach, he ran his fingers over his pebbled left nipple down to his neglected erection. Only in that moment did he realise that he had merely laid his eyes on it but never actually reached for it, taken it in his hand. John had done most of the work during their first night together, the first time they were intimate.
“I’m not denying that,” John answered, coming back into the sitting room, setting down the steaming mugs between the cassettes lying on the coffee table.
Sherlock collapsed against the bed when he had emptied his insides. His throat burned with the taste of bile and it hurt from coughing up vomitus. John stroked back a few sweaty curls sticking to his face and Sherlock melted into the warm touch of John’s hand.
Sherlock nodded as he watched the procedure. John applied a tourniquet on Sherlock’s upper arm, slipping a finger underneath it to be sure it wasn’t too tight. He had no trouble finding a prominent vein. He tore open a fresh alcohol swab and wiped the skin of the inner crook of Sherlock’s elbow. Removing the catheter from the package, he quickly checked if it’s working, inspecting the needle and the catheter hub.
He shouldn't have called Mycroft. He shouldn't have asked for the favour. He should have thought about it longer, as John had said. He hated that John was right, even then.
Half of the day, he spent in the garden, helping his grandma clearing the weeds, reading, dozing in the sun, but at some point, he felt as if he would go insane with boredom. After lunch, he decided to take a walk along the beach, which took him to the small observation platform close to his spot. It had become
John pulled back just a little to take out the ring and put it on Sherlock’s finger. Sherlock looked at it for several second before John cupped his cheek and kissed him with more passion and more love than Sherlock had ever experienced. Maybe he was wrong, perhaps he had and just couldn’t remember because it didn’t matter right now.
“Well, neither do I,” John laughed and headed for the haven’s exit. “Might be more peaceful at yours, though.”
The detective listened to every sound that came out of John’s mouth and memorised it as well as what had caused it. His let his tongue dart out, tasting something slightly salty and hummed quietly. He slid his tongue over the hickey he left on John’s neck and scraped his teeth against it eventually.
John's fingers ghosted over his waist and hips until they found the waistline of his trousers. He looked up at Sherlock to ascertain if he was all right with this. He was too far in the game to stop now. He wanted it; even though it made him nervous, thinking about the part to come.
The trip to Baker Street is endless, which is the best way to soothe his nervousness. He doesn’t even know why he bothers to go and talk to Sherlock. Sherlock never talks about important things, but then, maybe this time will be different.
“Yep,” Sherlock might have said far too quickly as snapped out of his trance and nodded; and their practice began.
“Daddy, Papa! We have to get ready. Megan will be here in 15 minutes!” Rosie called from the kitchen.
Sherlock tilts his head, eyes never leaving John. "So I did not misinterpret your look during your wedding, did I?"
Sherlock reaches into the fire and grabs large pieces of the wood and the pallets that have been stacked on top of one another, throwing them aside. “John!”
Losing a person you are close to is never easy. Even if they have told you several times that caring is a dangerous disadvantage, even if you are used to saying goodbye to said people due to your daily work, even though it never really worked out with you and relationships – even then, the loss of a person hurts. A lot. You're scared and sad and angry and confused, and disappointed, and you feel empty inside. It's even worse if you lose that person not once, not twice, but three times. Once, when you watch them jump off a roof to save you. Twice, when you get married and don’t see them for what feels like forever; and thrice, when you get shot, and lie on their sister's floor, bleeding out.
»But how did she manage to change into her grey dress and climb that tree, up to the very top of it, in less than ten seconds?« Sherlock asked him. »She’s a girl.«
He settled on one of his grandma's deck chairs – she never moved the other one that belonged to his grandpa – and continued to read his book about bee culture.
get that? Do you know what this can do to you? And why the hell didn’t you tell me you were an addict?!”
“We’ll be out in a minute,” Sherlock called back and decided he would get out of the pool first, so John’s bare backside wouldn’t cause any more trouble to the interested party between his legs.
Sherlock nodded his thanks before receiving his tumbler. “Where are your all your friends tonight?” he dared to ask.
(who kept track anyway), John didn’t kiss him hello when he came home from work. Did he even go to work? Sherlock wasn’t sure. John went straight to the bathroom and had a long shower, putting his old things into the washing machine and coming out of their bedroom (how long would it still be
He wished John would get it over with quickly, but he also wished he would never stop. He wanted those hands on his skin for the rest of his life.
»John,« he breathed and leant in closer to whisper his answer into his ear, »this was the most cheesy thing you’ve ever said.«
Sherlock ran his hands over John’s sides, feeling the gooseflesh under his fingertips and smiling smugly into the kiss.
What if he kissed her on the dance floor and then led her away to the toilets to give her the night of her life?
“I assume you told her a lot about my charming personality, then,” John answered with a bantering grin.
Sherlock gave a small smile before he turned back around to go inside. John followed him back to his room. “Are they your maternal grandparents?” he asked, closing the door behind him.
Sherlock closed the door behind him, pocketed his keys and walked down the few steps, following John and Greg who crossed the street.
How had awkward smiles in the halls while passing by turned tender touches and sweet kisses? How had an unreal fantasy become a reality? What had he done to become deserve this, to become so lucky?
“And I thought I wanted ordinary. I thought I wanted a normal life, in the suburbs, a family. But I didn’t. Bloody hell, Sherlock, it was so boring. I couldn’t stand it.”
Some more blinking. His eyelids threaten to fall shut again. Just a bit more sleep … just … a tiny bit
“Me too,” he answered and found himself wrapping his arms further around her small waist. They stood together for a little longer before Karla pulled back. “Now drink your hot cocoa before it gets cold,” she breathed and pressed another kiss to the wild mop of his curls.
»I don’t know. Maybe because it’s St. Nicholas’ Day,« John shrugged and turned the page of the newspaper.
The melody is sad, full of longing, the notes high and drawn out, deep and sorrowful. It feels like listening to Sherlock's innermost feelings. He had once written a piece like this back when the Woman was turning their lives around.
"The water is getting cold," Sherlock breathes as he runs his hands up and down John's sides, making him squirm a little. "We should hop in."
“But the real thing also currently starts to dry on our skin,” John reminds him, unable to stop grinning.
He can’t talk about this now. He would end up apologising as he had a few nights ago and Sherlock would vehemently tell John not to seek fault in himself.
Yeah, thought I was, but I looked at the wrong schedule. I’ll see you tonight. Don’t blow up the flat whilst I’m out. –J
Sherlock paid the cabbie and went upstairs to their flat behind John whose caring look almost suffocated him. He took off his coat and avoided John’s gaze all the time.
“I don’t care what you thought!” The words were biting. How could a man go from soft and sweet to harsh and hurting so quickly? “You could’ve
Why did John make him feel like this? Why did he want to make him suffer this way? It wasn’t fair. Not after giving him so much, after letting his heart fly and soar so high above the ground, not after allowing him to feel what people romanticised all the time. He had romanticised it himself – unwillingly.
John’s desperation grew deeper with every tug of their lips, making itself known by the involuntary thrusts of his hips against Sherlock’s middle, pulling him out of the haze he was revelling in. He reversed their position, wiggling out from underneath John and pushing him onto his back. His bones and muscles still felt limp, but he wanted to provide equal pleasure for John and the urge to taste him grew so strong that nothing in the world could have stopped him.
"I told you I'm perfectly fine," Sherlock muttered, not knowing if he should be disappointed or amazed at how much John cared about his well-being.
“Fair enough. I’ll let you get away with that for today,” Sherlock tells her. His voice is always soft when he talks to her.
Sherlock never wanted the song to end and keep dancing with John forever. He was a surprisingly good dancer and the way he held him was something he did not want to miss anymore.
They watched it in silence until Sherlock admitted the tune of the main theme had a ring to it, yet this was the only compliment he gave the filmmakers. According to him, the story was cliché and slightly cheesy. He laughed when Cinderella hit the prince with a snowball to save the deer, but those were pretty much all the positive reactions he showed.
John's breath caught in his chest, and he placed his hands on Sherlock's shoulders to push him back gently, to interlock their eyes, to likely convince him of how far from the truth this was. Sherlock complied reluctantly. His eyes were red and wet and swollen, his cheeks covered in the evidence of his tormenting thoughts and his feelings that he simply did not understand anymore. He hated that John saw him like this. Open, vulnerable, too emotional, with tear-stained eyes and a broken heart, all confused emotions.
“That’s amazing! I thought it was a greenhouse when I saw it earlier because of the roof and the glasshouse,” John told him as he smiled at his own stupidity.
John begins to stutter. "Uh, I, well, cause ... cause she is beautiful and clever and she … she fascinated you. You even wrote a musical piece about her!"
John asks if she wants to come back to his place. In spite of Sherlock’s horrible comments. He opens the door with steady fingers.
Maybe he was. Maybe John’s presence and his love and his touches had the same effects as strong liquid.
Sherlock is gone. Mary is looking at him with wide eyes. Shit. He should say something. Explain himself. Anything. But instead, he sits there, not knowing what to say, how to explain. It’s unexplainable.
He turns to his left and sees the remnants of what used to be their flat – their home. In pieces. Everything in shatters. Shards everywhere. The remainders of Sherlock’s compositions on the floor. The burnt wallpaper. The broken table and the smoked floor. Covered in dust and ash and long gone-out flames.
Sherlock opened the cupboard and put away the cups and plates, and when he leant up, he felt two warm hands on his waist. Smiling, he closed the cupboard again and was about to turn around, but John stopped him when he pressed his lips to the nape of his neck, burying his nose in Sherlock's curls.
There was no point in trying to talk his way out of this, brush it off and get on with whatever they were about to do. "What am I now, then?" he asked, looking up at John whose hands wandered back up, over his back to his shoulders, to his face.
»Oh dear, you were awake?« John chuckled and removed his hand from Sherlock’s face; he almost reached out to hold it, but he didn’t. »Well, I’m glad there are still some things you don’t know.«
John's lips pressed against his own. A sensation he expected he would never be granted again, and yet here they were with their mouths sealed together. When John parted his lips, it tasted salty and bittersweet, sad but hopeful, and when their tongues met, almost reluctantly, another strangled sound broke free from Sherlock's chest.
»My dad was a drinker. I’ve rarely seen him sober in all those years he lived with us. Mum and he always argued. It never stopped, not even around Christmas time,« John told him.
Sherlock looked up from his experiment and stalked over to him with a few large strides. He folded his arms around John from behind and leant in close. »Need help, do you?« he whispered and kissed his ear ever so tenderly.
Sherlock turned his head to look at John who was rolling his eyes at this. A bit of hope had budded in Sherlock’s chest at the first statement, but John’s reaction caused it to wither and die immediately.
The other man scoffed at Sherlock's words. He was ready to pick a fight with them. "Then stay in your own country and get dirty there," he replied. "You're not wanted here." His German accent was strong, and his intentions very clear.
Sherrinford. The prison. An asylum? Most certainly. There is the woman who calls herself Eurus Holmes.
He knew John had been to Tesco’s. He’d bought the yoghurt after all, but was probably in there for less then five minutes. Sherlock wanted to grab him by the shoulders and ask him where he really was, but if John didn’t want him to know, Sherlock had to accept it.
He had buried all the things he wanted to tell John in those past weeks, all those questions, all this longing for the John he used to know in his heart and now it was aching so terribly it almost felt numb.
Suddenly, the thought occurs to Sherlock that he owes him an apology, which does it for John. Slamming his fist on the table, Sherlock finally stops talking.
“Since when do you voluntarily leave conversations about good-looking women, Johnny?” Bill teased him.
»All right. But I’m here if you change your mind,« John said softly and pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s hair.
How long had he been waiting for a moment like this? He found himself dreaming about it in countless, desperate nights and now it was actually happening. Unbelievable.
John’s late return, the unsuccessful experiment and the hot cocoa were all the components Sherlock needed to fall asleep almost immediately once he’d closed his eyes. John’s bed was quite comfortable. It wasn’t as big as his own, but the mattress was soft and the pillows smelled of John and he felt so safe in the soldier’s presence.
Brought him to full hardness without even touching him once, which is definitely something to keep in mind for future reference, John thinks self-complacently.
More tears welled up in Sherlock’s eyes and he tried hard to hold them back. He reached out, fell into John’s arms and whispered, “Yes, of
Greg’s expression looked a little unsettled and Sherlock mentally cursed himself for having been too quick again. John reacted in a positive way to his deductions, but his friends weren’t him, and they might not appreciate them at all. Hoping he didn't just spoil the good-natured start of what he hoped was a friendship – he seemed to make a lot of those in the recent past – he swallowed hard.
»I’ve forgiven you,« Sherlock said and Mycroft’s look became a little suspicious. »For claiming Father Christmas wasn’t real.« He offered him a sarcastic smile.
“I’ve already told you how sorry I am for putting you through all of this, but … should you doubt my feelings again, should you think I could
“I’ll have the tortelloni with spinach and chicken, please,” John answered and closed the menu, handing it over.
“Don’t you dare start this conversation,” Sherlock replied, somehow overcome by embarrassment at his midnight sexual appetite, and John held up his hands in defeat. “Besides, you don’t have any reason to complain.”
Possibly, John just wanted to be close to Sherlock until he met another potential love interest and Sherlock was just a means to an end until this person turned up. Maybe what they were doing at the moment was enough for the doctor and he didn’t intend for them to go any further at all. Perhaps Sherlock just hoped John would be interested in him and a real and serious relationship with him because he was so starved of affection he was sure he couldn’t live without anymore now that John gave him something to crave and long for. It probably affected his objective way of thinking and his ability of observing things neutrally.
John straddled Sherlock’s hips and pressed him against the back of the sofa, kissing him deeply and passionately.
When they crossed the street, he was led to a quiet and deserted alleyway. “Bit risky, isn’t it?” Sherlock asked, feigning confidence.
Sherlock smiles but falls quiet for an endless moment. A nagging thought torments John’s mind, lying heavy on his tongue and demanding to be voiced.
Instead of answering to his last question, he replied to his initial one. “No.” John shifted. Questioning. “I don’t want you to leave.”
Karla had always despised the Nazi regime and everything that came with it. There was almost no way of protesting against them or taking part in active resistance without losing your life in a concentration or labour camp, but if she had the chance, she always refused to go to events or celebrations organised by the leading politicians – if you could call them that.
“Sherlock, dear. Are you dreaming?" Karla interrupted his thoughts eventually. "Come on in. I made brownies for you."
John repositioned his arms above his head and then his hands came to rest on Sherlock’s waist. “Lean forward, a little more, stop. Now, stay like this.”
Phone in hand, Sherlock dials Lestrade's number who picks up after the first ring. He puts it on speaker so John can hear, too, and the worried voice of the detective echoes through 221B.
He dearly hoped he hadn't done anything that was so shameful that they didn't tell him about it. He would have to ask John eventually, and he could only trust that John wouldn't laugh or be angry about it. Both would be equally bad.
When Sherlock looked back, he had to admit he didn’t recall how they ended up in bed because all he could focus on was John. Nothing else. No one else.
Sherlock lost track of how long they stood in the middle of the room, kissing, tasting, touching, breathing. John's hands ghosted over Sherlock's back while Sherlock's were resting on John's hips. When he felt his fingers at the second button of his shirt – he had left the first one unbuttoned – he opened his eyes, looking down into John's. Open, kind, waiting.
“It’ll pass. If you sleep and drink a lot, it’ll be over in no time, but you should still keep an eye on it, and if it doesn’t get better, you have to see a doctor.”
"You can't tell me you don't remember… You just pretend not to know, so I don't get all worked up about this," John tells him, sitting up a little, but a sharp pang shoots through his chest, and he refrains from any other movement.
He wanted to reach out to take John’s hand into his own and hold it with both his own because just for once, he was speechless. It wasn’t just the fact John had to go through such severe disappointment and be afraid of what his father might do next to hurt his family while he was still so young; it was his bravery and his good-naturedness that amazed Sherlock so much even though he’d always known those were just a few of John’s good qualities.
Sherlock closed his eyes and shifted closer, entangling their legs and folding an arm around John's middle. Their foreheads touched, and for a while, they lay there, just breathing in each other's air, their colognes mingling and engulfing them in a soft haze.
»Well, everyone’s different and it’s Sherlock we’re talking about. He’s even more different. It’s probably going to take time. You know what he went through when he was away and I’ve never seen him with a … well, with a friend let alone partner. You’ll figure things out eventually,« Greg answered. »I just know you mean a lot to him and he was a mess when you married Mary and so were you, so now that you finally have the chance of being happy together, you shouldn’t just let it pass.«
When he sat down, the cramp was almost gone, but Sherlock kept stretching his leg, his eyes squeezing shut when another wave shot through his calf before it vanished. "God, finally," he breathed and threw his head back.
Sherlock never wanted to let go again. He had dreamt of this, pictured it a million times over and always assumed it was not an option to them, not an option to
"Don't say you're still anxious about me seeing you naked, after all the things we did," he grins against his lips.
“I have another pair of pyjamas. Do you want it?” he asked, hoping John would say yes because he wouldn’t survive lying next to him knowing he was wearing nothing but pants. It wasn’t good for … certain parts of him. He didn’t want to seem as desperate as he was.
John cut him off. "Yes, I did. Besides," John told him, "working against the will of your brother can be really difficult, as you know.”
“I’m not! Jesus,” John sighed and rubbed his eyes, feeling absolutely knackered. “You look exhausted. We’ll talk about it tomorrow, all right?”
Sherlock's head jerks towards the door. John isn't sure if it is just the hazy glow in the living room making it look as though Sherlock is blushing or if his cheekbones redden indeed. "John–" he swallows.
The closer they got to Sherlock’s house, the more his bum hurt from the hard rack, but it was totally worth it. When his back started aching again, he tightened his arms around John and leant forward against his back, resting his head between his scapulae.
The detective looked up from the petri dishes in which he’d just mixed various acids and was now observing the reaction as a suspect’s alibi depended on in. He looked at John who was beaming at him. »What’s so exciting?« he asked casually.
His other hand appeared at the back of his neck, just under his hair on which he tugged lightly, causing Sherlock's mouth to fall opened wider. He felt as if he was on fire. Every little touch made him fall faster, deeper into the abyss, but he wasn't afraid because John was falling with him, and as long as he could hold onto John, everything would be okay.
Sherlock was about to give his brain something to do by analysing every brush of John’s fingers against his and every little movement of his thighs when suddenly something even more amazing happened.
On the one hand, Sherlock was glad that he didn't remember much because that way, John did all the talking. He was grateful he left out the embarrassing bits and just let her in on the important parts that were relevant should it happen again, which it certainly wouldn't. He may have been reckless enough to try it, but he was sensible enough not to do it a second time. He would keep the pills for chemical experiments, nothing else, most definitely not for usage.
The next day, Sherlock went to the beach a little earlier than yesterday. He settled down at the same place beside the marram grass and pretended he didn't look out for John as he took off his sandals.
Sherlock disappears in his mind palace once more. If matters weren't so pressing and the situation so dangerous, he would have called Sherlock's face adorable while he is trying to think so desperately, but right now, all he can think about is that he doesn't want to die. He doesn't want to lose the second chance that he has been given. Not through this. Through their recklessness.
He kneels on the floor. Sherlock holds Rosie in his arms. He is smiling, waving, pointing at John before he hands her over with a wide grin. John presses a kiss to her head as he holds her close.
John – thankfully – didn't stop. He pressed open-mouthed kisses to the tip, pushing back the foreskin, licking over his slit, and Sherlock was unable to hold back a curse.
Anger has always done something to him in bed. Spurred on his arousal. Though he's not sure who is responsible for said state of his body right now. Sherlock or Mary. Mary moans into the kiss and kisses back with all her might, but John takes control of the kiss. He needs this. Just a thin thread of control. However soon it might rip, and two loose ends fall to the floor.
John smiled so brightly his cheeks hurt. His arms tightened around Sherlock’s body and just a moment later, he felt something wet on his neck. A few happy tears fell from Sherlock’s eyes as pure relief flooded him. His face was wet from all the tears, but neither he nor John minded.
He tries to block it out and focus on Mary instead. She asks if he is okay, and he answers, ”yeah, yeah. Me? Fine. I am
Sherlock opened his eyes tiredly; his vision was blurry and his head spinning. He hadn’t even realised he’d blacked out. A firm hand lifted his head to make him drink some water and Sherlock complied.
"Shut up," Sherlock grinned shakily but didn't reciprocate the touch. Not yet. For some indefinable reason, he wanted John to know this. He wasn't bitter about it; it was just … difficult – and even more awkward to express why it was difficult. He didn’t want to care about it, but he did, somehow. "I was the only one who didn't turn into an aroused animal in my teenage years, and then they finally publish a study proving this is not abnormal at all and what happens? I meet you and you turn me into," he looked down at himself, "… this."
»Nope,« John answered as he pulled him off the sofa into a standing position. »I’d just like to be on time.«
“Always the charmer, aren’t you,” John says sarcastically and takes another sip of his tea even though it was still too hot.
Sherlock’s gaze softened, trying to encourage John to go on because he was sure there was a story behind it.
Sherlock swallowed his doubts that had paralysed his tongue and kept it from moving. “What am I supposed to do in Cambridge when you’re not there with me?”
after all? If it was true, he would have to face it sooner or later; there was no use in denying it. “Because I think he would like to meet you, too.”
When Sherlock turns away to give him some privacy, John takes a step towards him and winds both arms around his waist.
When he got out of bed, he winced and hissed, his arms aching terribly. John had warned him before he said goodnight, but Sherlock hadn't really minded. Now it was almost unbearable. It felt as if someone had punched him repeatedly; even his fingers hurt.
Sherlock's hands found John's arse and suddenly felt eager to remove the last garment covering John's flawless body.
With a groan, he was dragged back into reality, into a world in which the consequences of his dream were
John closed his eyes and enjoyed the soft tune Sherlock coaxed out of it. It almost overwhelmed him. He listened to it and never wanted it to end. It was simply beautiful. He always knew Sherlock was very talented at composing, but here he had definitely created a masterpiece. It was a wonderful tune, one of the most moving songs he had ever had the pleasure of listening to. He sank deeper into his armchair as the music lulled him into another world.
The water ran down his strong thighs, and his swimming trunks sat lower on his hips than they had earlier, revealing just a teensy glimpse of–
John fell silent for an endless moment. “You should be proud of this gift, Sherlock. It’s very special.”
Uni starts again next Monday and I'll be busier again, but I'll try my best to update again soon. Until then, thank you so much for sticking around and for your supportive comments. I love every one of you who takes the time to leave feedback. You are the best <3
He walked down the hall – without any luck. When he headed back and passed the toilet, he saw him talking to what seemed to be one of his regular customers.
»Oh no!« the blogger chuckled when he saw the detective’s curious eyes. »Don’t you dare deduce what I bought!«
The song ended, but it didn't take long before the DJ played the next one which caused a massive uproar in the crowd as "
Afterwards, they both lay beside one another. Their panting breaths had subsided, and their lungs once more seemed to be satisfied with the amount of oxygen. The silence felt comfortable, at least it did to John, but then Sherlock spoke up. "Have you ever," he cleared his throat, but then didn't continue.
John heads for the door, still carrying Rosie in his arms. When he opens it and sees Sherlock, he can’t help but laugh breathlessly. “I should’ve known,” he scoffs and shakes his head.
"I can't imagine how that's possible," he whispered as his chest rose and fell irregularly. He hated the feeling of being open and exposed, being vulnerable. But at least she wouldn't use this to her advantage or make him feel bad or guilty about it. "It's all right, Liebling."
Instead, the smartphone screen crashed into a thousand pieces when it hit the ground – not unlike John's heart when his owner's body landed on the hard pavement.
An awkward silence filled the room like smoke from a chimney; every now and then, one of them made a remark about the show they were watching on telly, which the other commented with a hum. When they finally found a topic to talk about, they kept the conversation casual and simple. It was horribly uncomfortable and Sherlock just wanted to escape.
John rummaged through his wardrobe and changed into his red Christmas jumper; to make him feel better apparently. As if it wasn’t ludicrous enough already. He unbuttoned his shirt and even though he was still wearing a vest, Sherlock couldn’t help but stare at his chest, his strong biceps and his flexing muscles as he pulled the jumper over his head.
His grandma insisted on searching an old photo album from Sherlock’s childhood. She had always taken lots of pictures when he was little, he remembered, taking one whenever something exciting happened, which was almost all the time.
"Oh, do relax, darling. I'm sure you'll find it. And if you don't, I do know an excellent activity to fill your Friday night with." Winking at him, she got up and patted his shoulder twice. "I've got class now. Good luck with your search. Oh! And, you know, you could've spent your money more wisely had you decided to stay one more day."
John kissed him fiercely one minute and gently in the next. His hands were everywhere. His tongue caressed the weak spots only he knew about. He was the first person who found them and the last person who would touch them.
John furrowed his brow in mock offence. "No," he whispered and leant forward to kiss Sherlock's mouth once. Just a light peck. “I mean that.”
He helped Sherlock into a new pair of pyjama bottoms and a t-shirt. Sherlock assured him he had showered this morning so there was no need for a bath. John knew he might possibly have to have one sooner or later to cool off and bring down the temperature he was certainly going to catch.
What was he supposed to do once John came back? Apologise? Act as if nothing happened? It was not exactly setting the world on fire, was it?
"I don't think so, Bill. I have to hand in the paper for pathology on Friday and I have no idea how to manage that. I haven't slept properly in three days, and, should I be able to hand in this crap by Friday, I don't think I'll be up to anything but sleeping," the young man laughed tiredly.
The allied troops, especially the British and American troops, were told firmly not to start fraternisations of all sorts. All Germans were still seen as Nazis and Nazis were the enemies.
John – thankfully – turned around, but he was away more than fifteen metres and still not on his way back. “Please!”
Meaningless whispers and quiet muttering reached John’s ears, but Lestrade’s laughter drowned it all out. “You two will be the end of me,” he guffawed and clapped both of them on their shoulder.
A companionable silence stretches out between the two of them, but John breaks it at some point. “Have you finished renovating the flat on your own, then?”
John laughed and wound his arm around him, reaching for his hips. “You don’t really care about those anyway, do you?”
Sherlock went home with the shopping bags. It was already late in the afternoon and the sky clouded up. He had been out for quite a long time. This was another reason why he normally didn’t do this sort of thing. It was incredibly time-consuming and not being able to find a nice present was somewhat discouraging.
Sherlock laughs then, blowing away the steam of his tea. “That doesn’t change the fact that the names are ridiculous.”
The hand that had taken his own tightens its grip. He looks up to where the man is standing. He wants to form words, but it's so painful with such a dry mouth and his body and chest aching all over. "Sh…," he begins, swallowing once more. "Sh'lock…"
John laughed warmly. “Yeah, I have now, but you should think this through. You have a lot more options later if Cambridge makes an appearance on your CV.”
“True. The real me has no data on your performance in the bedroom. Therefore I cannot judge," Sherlock smirks at him. "Maybe you'd like to alter this precarious situation of my incapability of forming an opinion due to a lack of facts and first-hand experience."
“It’s not a problem, really,” John said. “I wouldn’t have let him alone in his state. Even now, I’m still a bit worried, but I’m sure he’ll be over the worst tomorrow.”
The beat picked up more and John swung them around now, allowing Sherlock a little solo as he lifted his arms to let him turn and to meet him again on his way back.
Their lips brushed lightly at first, but soon John found Sherlock’s tongue in the enveloping heat of his mouth. Sherlock gasped and let his head fall back back and sink into the cushion behind him.
Mycroft's hand was resting on his shoulder, squeezing it, trying to be reassuring the evening would still be nice; they were about to leave for dinner in his favourite restaurant. It had taken a lot of persuasion on Mycroft's part because Sherlock had refused to wear pants at all on that day once he heard Oma Karla wouldn't visit. There was no point in getting dressed afterwards. The rest of the family wasn't worth it. She was currently telling John all this, yes even the pants part. His mother had talked to her later when she was well again, letting her know he wasn't even motivated enough to dress properly when he heard the news. John chuckled a little, feeling mostly empathetic. He seemed to understand there was a deep bond between him and grandma; there always had been.
“You didn’t honestly sit here and watch me do yoga,” Sherlock commented dryly, partly amused, partly embarrassed.
"What do you want?" Sherlock's voice is husky and hoarse and at least one octave deeper than it usually sounds.
He closes his eyes and is pulled back into a deep slumber, and finally, the burning, raging pain in his limbs and chest subsides a little.
Sherlock turns his head and faces him; shock and confusion are written all over his face. An image that is quite rare.
“This might be a little hard to take in just after your recovery,” Mycroft states as if it were the easiest thing in the world to accept that your dead wife, who wasn’t even dead, but now suddenly is, has targeted you since the beginning, and that it was her aim to harm him and Sherlock, making him believe that all she wanted was put her past behind her and have a family. Start a new life. With him.
“Don’t stay here for too long.” Mike downed his drink before Sherlock did and then got up from his bar stool, laying a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder and squeezing it once. “And spare your feelings.”
Or would he reject this offer? Was their short and yet intimate acquaintance too brief after all? Was it too much to ask John to spend Christmas with him? Would he agree? Would it be reserved and reluctant?
Sherlock clears his throat, taking a big gulp of his tea, coughing due to the heat. "It is," he croaks, "but I cannot decide between the ideas I have for the name.”
»That’s not what I’d do, Sherlock. Besides, we’re not at a fashion show here. It’s supposed to keep you warm. Do you want it or not?« the ex-soldier asked him.
John rubs his hands over his thighs, clearing his throat. "All right." He looks up at Sherlock, the realisation of him actually moving back still having to sink in. "I’ll come back to Baker Street."
Sherlock ran a hand through his hair. It was no use now. He couldn’t go back in time; he couldn’t take the words back that he didn’t even want to say. John meant so much to him. So much more than he could ever let on or even admit or voice.
He looks down at her sleeping frame. She is beautiful. He is fortunate to have her in his life. Maybe they'll be a happy couple someday. Perhaps she can help him get over Sherlock because he has to. Those comments are becoming unbearable.
»Oh God, I’ll make sure to allow myself plenty of time to get home and you, my mad scientist, are going to make sure to open all the bloody windows until the vile smell has dispersed.«
"Straight on through the haven, across the street. Let's see what your posh old grandma is willing to do to get you back."
John kissed back gladly, taking Sherlock’s bottom lip between his teeth and nibbling gently at it. Sherlock gasped, feeling a jolt run through his veins. His cheeks flushed and his heart rate increased by the second.
John sighs. There's no point in hiding this from Sherlock. He knows anyway. John blinks up at him, eyebrows drawn to together.
“How the time has passed,” Karla said, lost in thought. “Now you’re already talking about university. I still remember when you still ran around all excited about your new discoveries.” She chuckled at that and looked at John. “When he saw a bee for the first time, astonishment was written all over his face.”
The puppy tried to jump onto Sherlock’s chest with his little front paws and Sherlock quickly cleaned his belly a little before he helped him up. A huge smile spread on his face.
"Your mineral balance is probably off. We'll have to keep an eye on it." John sounded worried, and Sherlock hated it.
"Of course, I forgive you. I'll always forgive you, no matter what you do. You have saved my life more than once, and I can't believe this is how it ends."
His anger originally directed at John now turned into guilt. He was angry with himself for being to utterly thick. Christmas was coming up, something John enjoyed and waited for all year. Sherlock was well aware of the fact that at about the same time last year John had to go through the worst part of his life and live with someone he had feared and fallen out of love of. Especially now, Sherlock should provide a little understanding and empathy. If he only knew how to do things right, just once. Just this time.
The wall looked grey instead of white; grey like the sky looked today. He felt as though the walls were closing in on him, pressing against him and squeezing him out like a lemon.
Mycroft had told him the same thing over and over again when they had been younger. “You don’t have to conform to anything. You’re different, so what? Why would you mind? Why would
He shakes his head to cast them off but doesn't quite manage it. Another sip. Another gulp. Another tumbler and another. He grimaces. His throat burns a little after he swallows. A different kind of burn than the one of his chest; more pleasant.
Sherlock had imagined they would be greeted by an entire basket of pumpkins when they entered the supermarket, but he was proved wrong. There were none to be seen at all. Determined not to disappoint his daughter and even more determined not to waste any more time than necessary doing the shopping, he walked up to a shop assistant and simply asked. Rosie was quicker, though. “Do you have orange pumpkins?” she asked without even saying hello.
“Okay.” John’s fingers caressed his scalp. “I know we don’t have forever – at least not for now. But I want to wait, too. Even if my brain seems to be the only part of me to accept that.”
"Nice to see you, too, sunshine. What's the matter with you this morning?" She cocked an eyebrow at his desperate expression.
Despite the merely light touches, all the heat gathered down below, inside Sherlock's pants. The kisses made him feel dizzy, and if he had been standing, he was sure his knees would have given way by now. Grateful for the soft mattress he was resting on and the comfortable weight of John's body, he let his hands roam over John's neck, his upper back and his shoulders – down to his pecs. John didn't let him do this for very long because his mouth was eager to wander on. Over his chest, his ribs, down to his belly button. His tongue dove in, tickling, but somehow even that felt arousing. He could feel a wet patch pooling inside his pants which were getting dangerously tight.
Maybe he wasn't asexual; maybe he had been gay and into men all the time, and it had simply taken the right person to help him understand his heart a bit better and to realise that sometimes it wasn't just
Sherlock gasped when he inserted one of his fingertips very slowly. “If it’s not good, you can tell me.”
That actually makes John laugh. He has no idea where it comes from. He hasn’t laughed in a long time and almost forgotten what it feels like.
“Sherlock,” John tried again. “There are people around you who care, people who are worried. Your brother and I probably worry the most, so why can’t you just admit,” he paused for a moment, “you need help to the people who are more than willing to provide it?”
Sherlock flinches when John’s raises his voice, drawing back a few steps, seemingly alarmed, but before John can truly figure out what he has done, Sherlock’s gaze has left him and is now fixed on the floor. Then he reaches for his coat and says, “get better soon, John,” before he sets off.
Sherlock just shrugged. »I persuaded him to some extent last year because I needed to get hold of his laptop. He said he probably wouldn’t come this year, but I don’t mind if he doesn’t either.«
"Manchester United. They won," John grinned. "It was a good game. Exciting till the last minute." He told Sherlock everything about the match, and despite being not really interested in it, it was pleasant to listen to John's report. His voice was soft and soothing, and Sherlock could listen to him talking about any trivial subject without getting bored. He wasn't able to explain why, but he wanted John to keep talking so he could listen to his mild voice. The most remarkable thing about it was that he could always hear the smile that lingered on John's lips when he spoke about something with enthusiasm.
"What do we do now?" John asks, forcing himself to sound calm and collected, though is heart is thumping wildly, and he feels like he is trembling all over. An all too familiar uneasiness settles down heavily in his stomach, and he feels like he might be sick.
Sherlock didn’t know how to respond to this, but the fact that John felt easy about the entire situation relieved the tension on Sherlock’s shoulders.
"Yes, it's me," Sherlock replies, his voice sounding overly concerned, though maybe he just imagines that. "I'm here."
"No, I bloody haven't!" John yells, clasping a hand over his mouth in shock after the words have come out. "I'm sorry. I just…" He trails off, not knowing what to say. "I've had enough of about almost everything else."
Sherlock hunched his shoulders – a defence mechanism. "It's fine," he mumbled into the fresh breeze of the wind.
He did like a man, and, if he could believe John, which he wanted to, desperately so, there was no shame in that. He hadn't felt ashamed of it until now, not until he thought of the homophobic imbeciles he had to go to school with. It was not shameful to love someone, no matter their gender, and maybe one day more people will realise that.
When John pulled back, he pulled Sherlock closer, into an embrace, burying his face in the crook of his neck.
Sherlock dips a napkin into Mary's glass of water and wipes off his fake moustache, having the actual nerve to ask, "Does, er, yours rub off, too?”
The beat slowed again, and quiet notes rang out of the piano, so they slowed their steps and brought their hips closer once more. God, John had no idea what this did to him.
"What are you–," Sherlock started but was cut off when John intertwined their fingers loosely but undeterred.
"What do you mean, I never–" Suddenly, images of a pale Sherlock on the pavement flash up in front of John's eyes and he goes silent.
»Because Hans would’ve had to marry the princess and she’s arrogant and only cares about her appearance! They wouldn’t have been happy together so Hans is lucky he became the Nutcracker. Only that way, he met Clara! And Clara frees him when she breaks the spell.« Alison looked at him very proudly.
He folded both arms around him from behind and pressed a kiss to the back of his neck.  Sherlock leant back against the firm and warm body and the soft lips on his skin. He had never expected to have this one day, being at his parents' house for Christmas with John, showing him his old room he had spent so many years in, having him here, having him stand so close to him and feeling so very happy about the turn their relationship had taken for the better.
He adjusted the collar of his shirt – sleeves rolled up to his elbows, the hem tucked in neatly into his trousers – before he went downstairs, kissing his grandma's cheek and saying goodnight.
Why go through all that trouble when he could just go to uni in London? If Cambridge accepted him, the King’s College would surely do the same. And chemistry didn’t change after all. It didn’t matter where he was and who taught it.
»You’re the most stubborn person I’ve ever met, and yes, I knew that before, but you could just do what I ask of you?« John couldn’t hide a soft smile and Sherlock closed his eyes, capitulating.
“For the most part, yes. It wasn’t very hard,” Sherlock replied, not looking at John but at the photo in the album, remembering how Mycroft told him how a few letters and sounds were pronounced, listening to him when he read aloud for the first time, how he praised how good he already was and how he encouraged him to keep practising when he got a few things wrong.
John has already drifted off to sleep when it pings. It's the special notification he has set for when Sherlock texts, and he is immediately wide-awake. It's way past midnight. John excitedly thumbs in his passcode, misses because of trembling fingers, then taps the new message alert.
“You want me to be honest with you? Fine. You’re right. If I had told you the truth back then, all this wouldn’t have happened. You wouldn’t have met Mary, I wouldn’t have got shot, or you, we wouldn’t have been betrayed, lied to, hurt over and over again; not because of the truth you hold so high but because we’d already be dead. You at the hands of Moriarty, and I…” he trails off and swallows hard. “The truth would have got us nowhere.”
He let go of the ball and used all of the strength in his arms to splash huge waves of water into John’s direction. “Hey!” he giggled. “What do you think you’re doing?” He held his hands in front of his face for a moment before he joined the game.
When they arrive at Bart's, Molly is already waiting for them in the lab, wearing an anxious expression on her face. "Sherlock, John, I'm so sorry," she says with her voice breaking and she hugs John tightly. Her eyes flicker over to Sherlock, she nods, and he nods back – they understand each other without words, and Sherlock is grateful that she didn't hug him, too.
“Not a chance,” John smirks, and lowers his head to kiss his cleavage, his neck, tasting the saltiness on his tongue, until he finds his lips again, but soon it’s too fast, too messy, too uncoordinated to keep kissing back properly and their kisses get lost in deep moans, loud groans, low mumbles, and sweet nothings. With every thrust, Sherlock’s erection trapped between their sweaty bodies finds the friction he needs. His erratic keening turns into incessant gasps, drawn-out whines, strangled hums.
Sherlock nodded, although this wasn't really what he meant. Still, at least John found gatherings such as this one not so appealing either. It was a start
He shook his head and pushed away the nagging thoughts that were ever-present in his head. Having put on his swimming trunks, changed into light beach clothes, he grabbed his bag and his blanket and went to the beach.
“Why do you go to the beach if you’d rather stay in the shade?” the man chuckled and reached for the ball.
“Sherlock, I was stressed. She almost died from hepatic insufficiency once, I had to find her as soon as possible,” John groaned. “I’m sorry, okay? I should have called, yes. But I had to get her back to the clinic so I went to your brother for help. We brought her back and I had a long talk with her then.”
John chuckled and pulled Sherlock along. They headed for the beach, walking hand in hand. Away from the crowd. Away from the music. To the sound of the sea running over sand and stone, the sound of marram grass swaying in the soft breeze.
He heard rather than saw John chuckle. The cloth was discarded to the bathroom, he supposed, and soon after, two warm, strong arms folded around his frame. He loved this, having John's body this close. His chest aligning with his own, his head tugged beneath his chin, breathing in his scent, the golden hair chest hair tickling his nose a little, but not uncomfortably, his hands on his sides or on his back, their legs entangled. Everything was perfect that way. When the weariness took over, and reality started to fade to a tenth of his awareness.
The evening, in fact, left Bill and Greg conspicuously inebriated. Not so much as for any of them having to carry them home, but it was a close call. After his third beer and two rounds of Schnapps that John had said were on him, Sherlock had finally relented and stood up to dance with him. He somehow revelled in the feeling of being pulled through the crowd of people. Probably that was due to the alcohol, but that didn't matter. Neither did the horrible music which, for some reason, stopped being so awful at some point.
Sherlock tried to hide his disappointment. He knew if he kept kissing John, it would be very likely for his erection grew to full hardness this time, but not kissing John wasn’t an appealing thought either. Maybe he could just …
»I’ll walk you to the living room and take a look at it, okay?« John suggested and his voice was so gentle Sherlock wanted to tell him not to make such a huge fuss, but he was in more pain than he would have liked to admit, so he nodded and was glad to be able to lie down, even if it brought him little relief.
This is the moment he hears the soft beeping for the first time. Heart monitor. He tries to get the display in focus. It takes a while, but he sees the figures eventually. Doesn't look too bad. His pulse is going steady at 50 beats per minute, a bit low but considering he just slept, that's perfectly fine. His blood pressure could be a little higher.
Sherlock increased his efforts, feeling John's orgasm approaching by the way his thighs trembled beneath him and the way his hips kept bucking in spite of himself. Sherlock kept him down with one hand, which was difficult, but this was the first time he did this, so the coordination was a bit challenging.
Sherlock rolled his eyes at her. “Will you let me in or complain about the state of my entrance card?”
Sherlock was mesmerised by them, they cast a spell over him, leaving him unable to answer without stuttering. “You, you’re … welcome.”
“I love you, too,” he answered almost inaudible. The syllables felt weird on his tongue, having rarely been used in that combination, but he would get used to it.
until he can't take any more of him inside. He makes up for the rest with his hand, stroking him in the same rhythm as he moves his head. Sherlock's legs fall open wider. There is no trace of his reticence, his hesitance and his coyness from the early days they did this together.
Sherlock nodded and looked out to the sea. A comfortable silence settled between them until John spoke up again.
“It’ll take a few minutes to set in, but you’ll feel better soon,” John assured him and the gentleness in his voice made Sherlock feel even more nauseous.
For the next few days, Sherlock caught no sight of John when he went to the beach. They hadn’t agreed to meet up again at a precise day or time, but disappointment and concern flooded Sherlock’s gut regardless. He had expected John would come here every day, which was stupid of course.
John turned his head, too, speaking to him while he looked at their quizzical faces. "We needed a break anyway."
semester, as he had found out. Well, Irene had provided him with that information after she noticed how “gone on him” he already was. That was, frankly, ridiculous.
Sherlock gets up from his chair, and together they walk upstairs to Rosie's nursery. John stands by the door, letting Sherlock examine the room. He didn't want to destroy even the most minute clue by accidentally leaving his own footprints all over the place.
»Sherlock,« John smiled softly. »I don’t expect you to. Regard it as a matter of convenience. Your old one is unusable hence you need a new one. End of story.«
missing when John wasn’t around. At the thought of that, he wanted to roll his eyes. Telling John to ‘just say it’ and not admitting to himself what it was he was feeling was ludicrous.
The thing was … he had never spent a night at John’s – except the night he couldn’t even remember properly because he was as high as a kite and as drunk as a lord.
you in the bathroom. Practically forcing herself onto your lap like that and you kissing her goodbye,” John laughs disdainfully at himself and how silly he was, getting jealous like a teenager over their first crush.
Another heaving breath. "You stood there frozen, listening to him shouting horrible things about you and me. I can't remember. I don't want to remember. It was obvious he'd been drinking again. I never knew him sober,” he scoffed. “I regretted having brought you home, in my dream. I don’t even know why I did it. It would never end well.”
Sherlock didn’t answer; he couldn’t. His entire body was shaking even though he knew it was only a dream and if he said something now, he was certain his voice would be shaking, too. He wanted to save himself that embarrassment if at all possible. He closed his eyes again and was glad he was facing the wall. He simply couldn’t look at John now so he pretended to still be asleep. Perhaps he was lucky and John would believe it.
He feels Sherlock’s hand on his arm and whirls around. The sad, capitulating smile hasn’t left his lips. His heart drops. It drops so deep he almost thinks he will collapse. He feels Eurus’ eyes on him, piercing him whole.
"Sorry, we don't have to. It's just a usual thing we do. You probably haven't played that often, have you?"
Utterly mesmerised and unable to move, he lets out a breath he didn't know he was holding. His chest is aching, and it's not the wound this time. It isn't the first time he sees Sherlock this immersed with Rosie, but he has never witnessed a moment shared between Sherlock and his daughter this delicate and this intimate. Mrs Hudson told him Sherlock was very good with her, but he didn't expect… he didn't
John doesn’t want to imagine Sherlock going back to the empty flat. Alone in the silent darkness before he would decide to get a new dealer and go for self-destruction once again.
John considered the question for a moment. »When they share the dance and the Nutcracker asks Clara to stay with him and be his princess. That’s really romantic.«
Its warmth spreads through his fingers and palms and his entire body. Should he ask? Should he really dare?
“I deeply regret to inform you, but you could have spent this money more wisely,” Sherlock told her, looking up from the sandwich he didn’t actually intend to eat.
He cleared his throat twice. »Yes, sure,« he answered, clenching his hands as he sat down in front of the tree.
with someone else and betray your trust and hurt your feelings in this way really feels like a punch in the gut, but I know I deserve it. I should never have behaved like such an idiot. I should have seen how terrible I made you feel and if I had the chance to go back in time, trust me, I would, but unfortunately, that’s not possible. So if you still trust me a teensy bit and would still like to,” he cleared his throat, “to be with me … you have no idea how happy you’d make me.”
»What do you want to do now, Allie?« he asked her. She had allowed him to call her Allie exactly three minutes after she’d arrived.
“No. Not anymore,” John agrees and settles into a more comfortable position, never taking his hands off Sherlock, though. He presses a gentle kiss to his forehead that bears so many more lines now from years of hard work and arduous tasks, but they make Sherlock no less gorgeous.
All he wanted to do was crawl into bed and sleep with John’s arms draped around his aching body. Needing to know, to feel everything was okay now, he wanted to fall asleep.
"You're complaining about my choice of clothes, and yet you can't wait to get there because of your own dumb idea," John said, pinching Greg's side.
“I’m not intending to!” Sherlock shouted, desperately wanting to reach for his leg and massage the aching muscles, but if he did that he would be pulled down even further. “I’ve got a cramp.”
John took him home again this evening. Sherlock told him he didn't have to, but John insisted, which earned them a teasing smirk by Greg, but John just waved a warning hand at him.
He fights the urge to raise a hand and grab Sherlock's shoulder in a comforting way. "You listen to me, Sherlock bloody Holmes, you might call yourself a sociopath transport or transport … or whatever it is you think of yourself, what people told you you are. But you
John made him chicken soup for dinner (»You should eat something. Your body needs fuel,« he’d said). Sherlock didn’t complain this time and just did as he was told before he said goodnight and retreated to his bedroom. He was aware John was not going to be there tonight, which only ruined his already dampened mood completely.
"She didn't wake when you played earlier," John answers, trying not to sound too disappointed. "I just … I'd love to hear it again."
"I should, yeah,” John answers but doesn’t make any move to get up from his chair. Even if he wanted to go back to sleep now, he isn’t sure he could that easily. The tune of Sherlock's song is still stuck in his mind and makes his heart swell. He knows Sherlock probably just played it because he was thinking – it always helps him think after all – but the way he moved, the way he immersed himself in the music, the way the soft notes enveloped both of them made John's heart beat faster.
»You look pale,« John stated. Walking around the table, he placed a hand gently on Sherlock’s forehead. »You might be running a temperature,« he said softly and already disappeared into the bathroom the get a thermometer.
“All right.” Sherlock sets the mug down, grabbing the sink, clearing his throat. "Well, I am not nervous. I wonder what makes you think that."
Yes, maybe Christmas wasn’t unnecessary and foolish after all, he thought as John squeezed his hand gently under the table. He didn’t have to look at him to know he was smiling. It warmed his entire body and made his lips curl upward, too.
"Yeah, I'll be back in a sec!" he called back, and a smile tugged at his lips. Sherlock found himself admiring this tantalising smile. When John looked back at him, he was still grinning, white teeth flashing in the sunlight. "You sure your head's fine?" he asked him.
“You …” Sherlock shook his head. He damned his mouth for not producing the words he wanted to say and his mind for not knowing what to say in the first place.
"You cannot possibly feel my pulse," Sherlock retorts. "You don't have your fingers on any of the pulse points."
»Wherever you put them is just fine,« John smiled warmly at him. He did not expect Sherlock would acquire a liking for decorating so quickly. It’d always been John who had done this job after all and Sherlock had never really bothered with it so seeing the man who persisted on hating Christmas and everything having to do with it trim their Christmas tree, warmed John’s heart and made him smile so brightly it almost hurt.
He couldn't keep his hands still anymore. He wanted to touch and explore John the way he would with him. His fingers ghosted over John's shirt, up over his chest, feeling his nipple and brushing it lightly until it hardened under his hand. A gasp came from John's mouth, and Sherlock repeated the motion. He wanted to elicit the same sounds from John's throat that he couldn't hold back either.
"Right." John scratches the back of his neck, taking a careful sip of his tea. It's still quite hot, and he almost burns his tongue. "Just thought you might have had something in mind. A name, I mean. This … this piece sounded quite emotional. To me."
John cannot believe what he is hearing. "Never mattered?" he asks, his voice silent and breaking. "How could you ever, ever think it doesn't matter what you feel? Sherlock …" His heart is breaking piece by piece to see Sherlock like this. True, whenever John had tried to get Sherlock to talk about his feelings or thoughts, he would usually brush it off. But to think that the detective had never said anything because he thought it wouldn't matter – that's entirely too much for John's liking.
When he woke the next morning, his entire body felt as ease. His eyes adjusted to the sun rays that found their way through the branches of the tree in just next to his window and woke him up gently. Not fully recalling the last time he had slept so well, yesterday’s events came to his mind.
“Is that so?” he asks lewdly, pressing against the gland one last time before letting his fingers retreat for now.
"I knew I made a mistake that night at Angelo's when I turned you down. I was hoping I'd get another chance at some point because it's only been a day, but …,” he clears his throat. “You insisted you weren’t gay and never passed up an opportunity to mention that, so I–“ He stops and remains silent for quite some time, probably not knowing how to continue. “Our friendship always meant more to me than anything else.”
John set down the bag he brought with him and sat on the other deck chair. "How was the match? Who played?"
With no warning, Sherlock surges forward and kisses him hard, ardently, fervently. His lips part of their own accord, and it’s not long before upper lip is caught between Sherlock’s teeth and his tongue meets his own. His chest tingles; his middle tingles. With all his might, he manages to pull back once more. “I haven’t washed your back yet.”
“I can endorse whoever has told you that,” John laughed at him and got up to adjust the blanket. “It’s all sandy now.”
"I do," she laughed softly, her smile as sweet as ever. "I'm making pasta for lunch. I hope that's all right."
vow. I won’t hurt you again, ever. Not deliberately. Not the way I did in the last couple of weeks and months. I promise you I’ll get better. I – I’ll make it up to you, I swear,” he breathes and looks up into Sherlock’s eyes, almost afraid to do so, almost scared of what he might see.
They were all different, but they all felt and tasted like John. They all brought about the tingling sensation on his tongue, the lighting of a spark in the dark cave of his chest, the electrifying torrent running through his veins.
“Not much of a flatterer, huh?” John chuckled heartily. “I am quite tired, yeah. But I’d regret it later if I missed the chance of dancing with you some more now. If you’re up to it, that is.”
He could watch John sleep forever. An arm was still wound around him as if to claim despite fatigue. It was a sight worth waking up to. A feeling to be cherished.
"So you're the guy John won't shut up about," he said with a grin after they shook hands. "It's nice to meet you finally."
“I never really thought about it, to be honest,” John answered. “It certainly never happened to me before."
“If I was a girl, you wouldn’t be careful not to display affection publicly,” Sherlock said, trying to make John lock eyes with him.
When somebody cleared their throat behind them and raised his voice, they instantly whirled around. It was a young man, also in his twenties and well-built, slightly taller than John but not taller than Sherlock. The look on his face promised no good.
“But not enough to stop,” Sherlock told him and captured John’s lips again, letting John’s tongue into the hollow of his mouth until the world was right again.
Both are breathing hard still, and John can feel his heart threatening to jump out his ribcage. His fingers travel down to grab Sherlock's hand, intertwine with his digits, hold him tight. "I can't quite believe this is happening."
“I’ve been here for half an hour, so … enough,” John grinned and pressed a kiss to his right shoulder.
“Your time is running out, boys,” Eurus states, sounding annoyed by how long their debate has taken already.
John grinned, his breath still coming short. He rolled them over, so he was half on top of Sherlock again, his fingers digging into Sherlock's hips and his leg coming to rest between Sherlock's. He buried his nose in the crook of Sherlock's neck and grazed his lips over his skin, gently nibbling at it and darting his tongue out to lick over the slightly irritated patches. Next to him, Sherlock sucked in a breath as his eyes fell shut. He craned his neck into the other direction to give John better access.
John staggers and doubles over, convulsing in pain. His breathing is ragged; his vision goes blurry. He has no strength to scream. The second bullet has pushed through his chest. Or his abdomen? He cannot tell.
Sherlock's sofa. Sherlock stands on the couch, looking at the wall, which is cluttered in photographs and notes. The two don't seem to mind. Sherlock is as surprised as he must be, and ushers them out immediately, looking almost … embarrassed? The woman reminds him that they are here till Saturday. Maybe it's case. Perhaps she needs it solved by then.
. This is very likely to occur during a coma. You try to make sense of what happened to you and dream of utter nonsense," Sherlock tells him, attempting to convey this calmly.
“Nothing,” Sherlock said hastily. “To us,” he answered, avoiding further conversation, and downed his drink.
He pulls away and sinks deeper into the water, sighing contentedly. “You know, I’ve been thinking. Should we get a nanny for Rosie?”
And now he is back and managed to turn John’s world upside down once again. Because Sherlock has been right. No matter how much he wants to have this normal life with someone steady by his side, someone providing safety, his heart is not in it.
“Oh, I can’t wait for the tricks,” John grinned. “I bet you tricked everyone who didn’t give you treats as a child during your Halloween tour.”
“Well, I don’t need to tear this one, I suppose,” she shrugged at let him pass without truly taking offence at his remark. “Have a good night!”
It still made Sherlock feel embittered. He didn’t mean to upset John. All he wanted was to solve the case! And in that moment, the chemical reaction he was about to witness was more important than–
“I still can’t believe John attacked that beast of a man. We saw him in the newspaper this morning,” Greg said with a grin. “Wish I’d been there. I’m training to get into the police department.”
Meanwhile, John’s thumb caressed the underside of his jaw, running over his pulse point. Sherlock shuddered under his touch. It felt amazing.
John simply shakes his head and sits down at the other end of the table. He wouldn’t be of much use until Sherlock actually finds something.
Sherlock's hands explore his chest, opening each button of his shirt with one hand only. The other one rests on his cheek, caressing it in such a gentle way that John hasn't expected Sherlock to be capable of. He uncovers more and more inches of his skin until his vest makes an appearance. He steps forward, and the shirt falls to the ground. His scar on his shoulder is uncovered, no longer hidden from Sherlock's sharp, all-seeing eyes. It's the first time he truly sees it, despite the long time they have been living together.
A couple of days passed. Neither John nor Sherlock mentioned the incident of Sherlock falling asleep in the doctor’s bed and waking up in his arms the next morning. Everything seemed
John nodded. He didn’t seem to know anything. He wondered if the little plastic bag was still in the back of his trousers. It had to be unless it had fallen out without him noticing, but then he hadn’t noticed much in the past hours.
“Hmm …” John exhales with a growl, working his way in further, drawing back and forward, thrusting experimentally. His skin prickles at the sensation.
“All right,” John said quietly and nodded. “You should go back to sleep. There’s nothing we can do at the moment.”
John pulls back a little to look at him. Sherlock smiles and nods. “Helped me more than once to escape or patch myself up in a dark, wet cellar. You kept me going. All this time.” His smile turns a little sad then. “Turns out I’m no good without you.”
John’s smile is tight. Something that isn’t quite a laugh and not quite a sob wants to break free from his throat. “Don’t ever call
But Sherlock had none of it and carried on, increasing his efforts and just a moment later, the evidence of his desire and pleasure spurted down Sherlock’s throat as he swallowed as well as he could. He pulled away and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand, collapsing beside John as he gasped for air.
Sherlock didn’t know how close they actually were, but it felt as if John sang directly into his ear; he shivered as the soft breath brushed his skin. The music poured into his frozen core and a hot rush of heat ran through his veins like an electric current.
“I didn’t mean that as in– no, look, I meant. Great, I just screwed this up.” He shook his head and started again. “I don’t care about the gossip or the opinions some may have of you. I just heard you’re involved in police work sometimes. That true?”
Karla handed John a pillow, a duvet and clean bed sheets after dinner. “There you go,” she smiled warmly. “It’s very kind of you to stay here and check on him. I think he wouldn’t be completely honest with me.”
John cleared his throat and Sherlock hid his face in the crook of John’s neck. He knew it had been his idea, but he hadn’t known how much snow they were going to get this year. The train was half an hour late and it was still about an hour until they would reach their arrival station.
It took another three attempts to actually leave the cubical. After he washed his hands, he more or less weaving out of the restroom and went back into the main area of the disco. He wasn’t sure if he should return to the bar or actually go looking for John and the others, though he considered it might be a bad idea in his current condition.
John got up and walked around the table, standing behind Sherlock’s chair and resting his hands on his shoulders. He bent forward just slightly and Sherlock looked up at him.
John’s fingers worked wonders on his sore muscles, though. He tended to each aching bit on his back and shoulders, and after fifteen minutes, Sherlock felt much better already.
His steps were silent since he was barefoot, but the sound of the man's shoes hitting the ground echoed in his ears, everything was loud and buzzing;
»It will be. I don’t know what it is,« Sherlock said calmly and raised his hands to apologise. »I really don’t, John.«
»A crime scene with lots of blood and a morgue isn’t the best place to which a little girl should be taken,« John admonished him and tried not to roll his eyes.
John wanted to say something else about it, but he didn’t. Instead, he told him, “You didn’t have to be nervous, you know?”
“Yes!” Sherlock looked up from the phone and faced John, staring at him. “I have to put all the pieces together myself because everything you recently told me was far from the truth!” He turned to pour himself his cup of tea. Without another word he went to the living room and set it down on the coffee table.
John watches his reaction from where he’s sitting between Sherlock’s parted thighs. He kisses his knee once. “Knew that would shut you up,” he leers, smirking smugly as he brushes lightly over it in agonisingly slow circles.
15 minutes later, after several poses that were supposed to harmonise their breathing rhythm and simple poses like the 'tree' or the ‘half-moon’, he found himself in the position of the traditional sun salutation, feeling every muscle of his body scream. It was hard to breathe with his muscles stretching like this, but it felt strangely calming, too, only concentrating on his breathing rate and keeping in place for the whole thing to be effective.
Sherlock’s head turned in an instant as he was pulled out of his trance. Panic immediately rose in his chest whether John might have heard her words, but very likely he was dozing on the table while Bill was blathering away about the party preparations the organisation team was planning.
It got better with time, though, and that was an improvement. Mary improved his life, which is why she needs to stay in it. They aren't perfect. They bicker and fight, but make up again, too. Like normal people, living an ordinary life. Maybe this is what he needs. An ordinary life with someone steady by his side.
Sherlock stands in the doorway for a while, uncertain of what to do. He probably hates seeing John like this, so does John himself after all, and desperately wishes he could do something for him – John suspects he deleted "How to Comfort People You Love for Dummies", a gag gift by Lestrade for one of Sherlock's birthdays. So he quietly steps inside, gently closing the door behind him, and starts humming a little melody under his breath, deep and low, to hopefully comfort Rosie a little. She keeps crying a bit longer, but her wails become softer, more muffled until she moans one final time and then falls quiet, rubbing her nose against Sherlock's chest.
John squeezed a good amount of gel into his hand and warned Sherlock before he applied it to the bruise. »This will be a bit cold.«
Piercing pangs keep reverberating through his head. It’s overwhelming; too much to bear. Now he knows how Sherlock must feel when his brain refuses to shut down.
Sherlock gets up eventually and steps out, handing John a towel. They make a quick job of drying themselves off, and with their hair still dripping slightly, they stumble into the bedroom and fall into bed.
“As if you would leave a club full of girls who are half drunk and would die to get into bed with you,” Sherlock snorted and shook his head to emphasise his position. “You can go. But you surely don’t need me for that.”
»You’re right,« John told her, grinning softly. She was absolutely brilliant and so clever. »So what’s your favourite part?«
“You’re pretty damn lazy sometimes, aren’t you?” John grinned as he turned and lifted himself up onto the edge of the pool to get out. And that was the moment in which Sherlock immediately regretted having made John get the ball.
“Admit it, you’ve been practising!” Greg leant forward on the table, crowding their personal space a little.
He reaches between their heaving bodies to take Sherlock in hand and begins to stroke in the same rhythm of his thrusts. The moan he provokes is something that will presumably haunt him forever. Sherlock’s fingers are in his hair, pulling hard, but it only turns him on further. “Yes, God, yes, yes, … Sherlock.”
“It’s–,” he began, but sighed in frustration when the words kept working against his tongue. “I’m not used to it yet, I suppose. I meant it, I liked everything we did so far and I don’t want to stop either so please don’t take this the wrong way. I imagine it’s– it’s as though my body already knows what my brain is still trying to adjust to.”
is what they explicitly told Sherlock after his chest injury), the phantom pain on bad days, rainy days, stormy days … It’s getting harder to keep his breathing even.
John laughed heartily, infecting Sherlock within a mere second, and ruffled his already tousled hair before burying his fingers in the dark mop once again. “Well, I don’t have that sort of problem. It’s quite useful, having someone around a lot of the time ‘cause we mostly take the same classes. Splitting up work.”
It takes another thirty minutes to get back to the house he once called his home. It never really was, though. Home. He had just left home; even if he didn’t want to. He simply couldn’t bear any more talk about Mary. All the lies she’s told him all along. The danger she’s imposed on him and Sherlock. The wedge she drove between them. The way she had changed him. He doesn’t want to think about it, but the thoughts are insistent and won’t leave his head.
Sherlock says his name differently then. If John isn't mistaken, his voice is even shaking a little. He turns, blinking at the detective who has risen from his chair, hands loosely at his side, eyes fixed on John.
It threatens to swallow him whole. But then the pressure on his wound increases. He can hear sirens. Bright light is flashing behind the windows.
It was still dark when Sherlock woke which was unusual. Normally he’d wake up quite late especially after exhausting days like yesterday. The warmth radiating from the body behind him almost lulled him back to sleep, but he knew if he stayed, if he was still here when John woke up, it would make things incredibly complicated. As if it wasn’t awkward enough already, Sherlock thought and took a deep breath. Everything in this room smelled of John. It was lovely. Maybe his pyjamas smelled of him now, too. He might just wear them until the smell would’ve faded, he decided.
Sherlock watched wrinkles around John’s eyes when he smiled and realised he couldn’t tear his eyes away from them.
John looked up at him and started kissing his cheek, lingering for a moment and grazing his skin with his light stubble.
Wondering if this Christmas would actually be happy and enjoying the steady hand on his back, he was pulled back to sleep.
When he went to bed that night, he felt oddly at ease. His limbs were heavy and so were his eyelids. He kept watching the trees on the other side of the street whose twigs were swaying lightly in the soft breeze. When he closed his eyes, the image of John waving at him with a soft smile as he headed inside appeared in his head. He had only known him for a few hours and was already willing to risk his life for him. He even defended him. Nobody else had ever been willing that for him before. Everyone else would have been glad if they never had to see him again and yet John didn't care about the danger, only his safety in mind. John didn't tell him to piss off when he deduced him; he was even impressed, fascinated, unlike anyone else. He kept talking to him, interested in getting to know him, and most importantly, he wanted to see him again.
The garments hadn’t even landed on the floor yet when Sherlock’s fingers were fumbling with John’s fly. John helped Sherlock remove his jeans and straddled his hips. Quiet groans cut through the silence in the darkness when their erections touched. The sensations intensified when John started kissing him again and reached between them. “Do you have lube?”
Greg patted Sherlock’s back for the second time that afternoon. “To say it with John’s words from earlier,” Sherlock told them, “it’s not always fun.”
His hands travelled beneath John’s shirt by their own accord, disappearing from view on their way to touch every bit of skin he could reach. John’s kisses turned more enthusiastic by the second, and soon, deep breaths and the ruffling sheets were the only sounds that filled the room.
John lay down behind him and wrapped his arm around Sherlock’s waist, wanting to entwine their fingers, but Sherlock couldn’t hold his hand right now. He would have squeezed it too tightly. John’s hand closed around his own instead and he realised Sherlock’s entire body was shaking.
Then, they heard steps in the corridor and their landlady appeared in the door to their sitting room after a few seconds. »Boys, is your heating working properly?« she asked in her usual maternal tone.
They only talked once during a chemistry project. It was a practical lesson during which they experimented with various acids and their effect on human DNA. John’s partner, Mike his name was, was sick on that day and Sherlock was the only one without a partner. Due to his own incapability of producing anything sensible during their conversation that did not revolve around the experiment – no he neither blushed nor stammered! – he soon stopped talking altogether. It might be one of the reasons why John smiled at him a bit awkwardly whenever he saw him now ("Well, at least he smiles at you!" Irene kept telling him) and it was unquestionably the reason why Sherlock avoided talking or seeing John at all costs. Admiring from afar was fine, but immediate interaction? No.
Their lips only touched for the briefest of moments before he pulled back, but, mortified at his heart overpowering his rational mind, Sherlock tried to extricate himself from John’s half-embrace mere seconds later. “Oh God– I … I–I’m so sorry, I didn’t–,” he stammered and whirled around, squeezing through the masses of people in the room to the exit.
“So, … if you’ll have me, Mary, could you see your way to …," he begins but doesn't know how to end the sentence. Can't she just say yes instead of enjoying watching him struggle?
John turns around to glance at him, a frown appearing on his face. What on earth could he mean by that? "I don't–“
They stood in the middle of their sitting room, legs shaking and hearts beating loudly. Sherlock never wanted to let go again.
He wishes he knew how the hole in his chest got there. The desperate need to get his memories back and not being able to see anything but darkness, the feeling of being forced to stay in this bed, in this room – this white, sterile room – alone with his nagging thoughts, not even knowing why or how make him want to scream; release tension.
He goes to work and – regrets it. He mistakes one of his patients for Sherlock in yet another disguise. Mary comes in to check on them. God, how much deeper can he possibly fall …
“He didn’t even wear a mask and led me away from a public and crowded place. Some people would have remembered him. It’s not like he was just a face in a crowd. He was someone people would look at while passing him.”
He wanted to store away all the new information, but right now, he only seemed to remember who to breathe and move his lips, although the first got harder and harder, too. His mind palace was closed, and he couldn't find the key. Maybe it was better that way because all he did was feel, and not having to think for once enabled him to fully concentrate on John's movements, of his breath, his hands, his fingers.
“You are the most unbelievable man that I have ever met.” His eyes flicker down to Sherlock’s lips once he’s looking down at him again.
This is what he meant when he talked to Sherlock about Irene so passionately before... before all of this went down the drain. Before Eurus and the coma and all of this bloody, stupid mess.
“Sherlock, mein Junge,” his grandma said softly, rubbing her hand gently over his arm. “Did I wake you?”
He lets out a frustrated scream, tears at his hair, feeling tears of anger and sadness threatening to fall.
The detective agreed and started clearing up the kitchen table. That was easier than John had expected. He took all the ingredients he needed out of the cupboard and set them down on the counter. He wiped the table very thoroughly; just to be certain the dough wouldn’t be contaminated.
Sherlock didn’t dwell on the incident. He didn’t broach the subject again and he didn’t tell John he knew he had told him a lie because he was sure now. There had been a tiny glimpse of guilt and sorrow in John’s eyes when he looked at him the next morning and Sherlock was certain that something was wrong here.
John agrees with him and sits up, reaching for the waistband of Sherlock's pants. He slowly pulls them down, freeing Sherlock's cock, and allows himself to look. It takes his breath away. It's long and slender, flush and pink, nestled in a dark patch of hair, and John wants to devour him.
When John was out of sight, he closed the door and leant back against it, taking a deep breath. His limbs felt weary, and his lids hang heavy over his eyes, so he said goodnight to Oma Karla and went to his room to get ready for bed. He practically fell into bed afterwards.
to convey his gratitude. It was already embarrassing enough to face Greg, Mike and Bill earlier – before they left Mike's holiday apartment. They said they were glad he was feeling better and that nothing happened. He was relieved, too. A trip to the A&E was something he gladly spared them, and himself. The disgrace and humiliation of the rest were more than enough.
"If you want me to?" John answered quietly. "And if your grandma lets me, that is. Is she," he paused for a moment. "Do you think she'll be all right with this?" He gestured between both of them.
Sherlock whips out his phone and instead of an answer, holds out his cheek for John to kiss, which the doctor all too happily does. Then it's all work and no play again, and John feverishly hopes that everything will be all right.
John grinned softly and let go of Sherlock’s wrists, letting him sit up to lift John’s t-shirt and take it off. His chest was sinewy and muscular and Sherlock let his hand trace every line on his torso. Of course he’d seen it before, but he’d never been this close and he’d never had the chance to touch or
Sherlock’s arms tighten around him as he lifts his head and kisses him; it’s so reverent and so passionate that it conveys more than words ever could. It’s enough for John. So much more than enough.
“How are you feeling?” He asked him. “Do you have trouble breathing? Do you feel a strain on your heart?”
Sherlock smiled, resting his forehead against John’s. “Yes, I recall your bed being rather comfortable.”
But this had not been his intention at all It was only one time. A one-off. Nothing more. After this dreadful experience, he would certainly never go anywhere near this sort of thing again. He never meant to go down the road of deterioration and decay, and he had tried to explain it, too, only John hadn't wanted to hear it …
John declined politely and Sherlock shook his head, still not looking up from where his face was hidden.
Those callused hands worked wonders, truly. No other word applied here. The way their touch elicited the most obscene sounds from him, or made his head spin as if the world had taken up the pace and decided to turn a million times faster than anyone was prepared for, or caused his entire body to shiver and tremble and shake with lust that burnt inside the cage of his chest, deep in his bones and inside his veins.
He shook his head at his own silliness. Why on earth did he think he could keep living like this? All it took was a charming, smiling, good-looking young man who could somehow turn his world around in less than one minute.
His previous enthusiasm and ardour of discovery faded a little and made room for an intimidating feeling. He wanted to make this good for John; he had started this so now he was going to finish it. Maybe he should’ve been a bit more reserved earlier on. It had been years since he’d last had another man in his bed after all.
Sherlock frowns at him. “… Renovating the flat?” he repeats, dumbfounded. “Why would I need to renovate the flat? If this is about Rosie, I can assure you there are no experiments within her reach–“
Sherlock listened intently to John’s words. He must have embarrassed himself more than he thought he had.
There were hands under his arms again, lifting him into a standing position. He wasn’t sure if he could even make it all the way back to his grandma’s house.
He found none. Instead, his growing erection became harder and harder to hide. Sherlock let his head fall forward, partly to block the view, but mostly because he melted under John’s touches.
He briefly wondered whether he would ever be able to build the walls around his heart again. Around all the feelings that did nothing but threaten him. It was a strange feeling that spread inside his chest. There was fear. The fear of having to deal with the same burden again. It was definite. Inescapable. He wanted to steel himself against it.
“Where did you get that?” Sherlock wanted to know; his tone also harsher than he had intended. “Have you gone through my things?”
They sat down on the sofa, Sherlock reached for his mug and ate the dainties with certainly more relish than he let on. John sat beside him, watching him out of the corner of his eye and smiling to himself because Sherlock tried so hard to hide how much he actually enjoyed this.
John stopped breathing for a moment, and Sherlock’s lids shot up immediately. John breathed out again, but a pained expression lay on his face. His brow furrowed, lines all over his forehead. Frown wrinkles appeared between his eyes. His hands grabbed the sheets. His breathing was ragged, his head tossed from one side to the other.
John grinned at the two of them and hoped he would still be this happy when he was old and grey, too.
»Christ,« John rasped and met Sherlock’s movements in counterpoint, increasing the pace with almost every thrust and gasping and groaning in pleasure and desire
When his head sinks back against the pillow, his entire body is aching. His back and neck feel terribly stiff. He tries to turn to his other side with little luck, but his neck thankfully allows him to crane his head just a bit further. It is still hard to identify the silhouettes in the darkness, but the blur is dissipating slowly.
"What would you change about this, then?" Sherlock asks, and he sounds genuinely interested. Come to think of it, he always had displayed special interest in what makes John tick.
They nod at each other, and Sherlock swirls around, but John makes sure to grab his hand and follow him up the stairs leading to the rooftop.
No signs of the mess into which they had got themselves. No signs of the fears and the shattered hopes threatening to overwhelm them at some point. No sign of the storm through which they had sailed. Just the quiet aftermath.
Some other time. John loves what that implies. A future. Their future. The rest of their lives spent together.
John’s hands and lips were everywhere and Sherlock wasn’t entirely sure how long he would still be able to keep himself together. His chest was heaving and every part of his body was trembling from both pleasure and anxiety.
All the while he has been so busy with his own pain and his own loss that he forgot that Sherlock had seen war himself. He knows what it's like to fight in one, having seen and done enough that must be very much like it when he hunted down Moriarty's network. He wonders if he'll ever tell him everything that's happened in those two years if he would ever open up to him about it.
Hello! As usual, I intended to post much sooner than I actually do. In the last few weeks, I've been extremely busy with university and there's no foreseeable end (yet). But I'll try to find some time to write in between all the stress and workloads that keep coming. I hope you enjoyed this chapter and will forgive me if there won't be an update within the next few weeks. I'm doing my best, I promise. Thank you so much for your patience and your lovely words. They keep me going. Feedback is, as always, gladly appreciated! :)
“Nearly doubted yourself again, did you?” Her smirk is evident in her tone of voice, sending a chill down John’s back.
Days pass. Perhaps it’s just a silly feeling, but something between them has shifted. John can’t quite pinpoint what it is, exactly, but it’s definitely there.
“If this was so hard for you, why did you never say anything? I told you before, you could have talked to me anytime. I still came around to visit – I still came along to cases.”
This was what waking up next to John felt like, then. Suddenly he regretted fleeing from the bed that very first night they had spent together.
not about getting it on. At least not yet. Sherlock wanted it; he was sure of that, but not yet. At some point in the future. Within the next couple of months, certainly. He was aware that their time together was limited, but he didn't want to keep thinking about that. After all, they had only just gained the most fantastic thing he could have hoped for, and he simply didn't want to waste all of his thoughts to the end of it. It wouldn't be the end. It would just be …
"You got shot and fell into a coma," Sherlock tells him quietly. His eyes are full of concern but also of relief.
Sherlock nodded. A comfortable silence diffused between them until his grandma came in and served the tea. He welcomed the hot liquid because he felt like he had swallowed an entire mountain of salt last night.
“Fair enough,” John answered and took his blanket from him. “Come on, I don’t think you’ve met Mike yet.”
He didn't know what happened, what mountains he would have to move, which seas he would have to empty, and which devils he would have to sell his soul to be in favour of the mighty force that propelled John to get up and offer him his hand to dance with him. But this was the reality. This was truly, utterly happening.
It was that night when he came home and showered that he couldn’t keep his hand from closing around his erection that had been throbbing inside his too tight jeans for longer than could be healthy in any way. Damn him. He would give in to this urge of quick release and then find a way to end this dysfunction if his body.
Sherlock walked around the table and placed his hands on John’s hips, resting his forehead against John's. »So you want to make up for all the surprises my brother spoilt for me?«
They followed John to the sand court; only Sherlock looked slightly lost beside it. "Come on," Greg said as he pulled him to his side. "Let's see how good John's repertoire really is."
When they reached the holiday house, John let them in and closed the door behind them with a contented sigh, rising to his tiptoes to press a quick kiss to Sherlock’s lips. “Anything I can get you? Tea? Coffee?”
Sherlock didn’t bother with a reply. There was definitely something very wrong here. John rarely covered for any of his colleagues anymore so why would he do so now? He usually declined if it wasn’t an emergency.
Sherlock's eyes only fell closed once John pulled back again. It was a short moment, but he cherished it. Apparently, this was a big deal to John, and he appreciated what he had been given. Even if it was just a small reminder of last night, or nights to come – hopefully.
A pained groan in agony reached Sherlock’s ears. Overcome with rage, he tried to use the remaining moments of what should have been his chance to escape. He sat up and met the new attack, blocking the man’s hands with his lower arms in front of his chest and using that as a means to kick him rigorously with his legs to find a standing position once more.
Sherlock closed his eyes. The pain still ripped through him like a dagger, but he couldn’t wince, he couldn’t scream, he couldn’t let John know. “Because I’ve been alone all those years and I never had a problem with that before.”
