Tony pauses, his hand on a mug. He glances over at Steve, who looks like he was actually expecting that line to work.
The numbers flash inside his HUD, and no shit it’s slow. It’s not-really-alive type slow. A I’ve-been-put-in-a-medically-induced-coma-and-I’m-not-coming-back-out slow.
“Well, the most important part of the restoration is to stay true to the artist’s vision. We believe here that modern techniques – such as replications or regenerators – aren’t true to the original. So, we use old techniques.”
Steve hands him a PADD, where one section is highlighted. Quickly, Tony scans it, heart stuttering in his side when his eyes flitter past the words:
“Fuck?” The Captain repeats. Tony wills himself not to have a reaction. “That’s a Vulcan word as well?”
“So,” he asks, elbows leaning on the back of the couch where Steve is sitting and staring at the TV, which he found surprisingly easy to describe. “What do you think?”
On day twenty, Roomba pushes a salt shaker off the counter and somehow, perfectly into Steve’s meal, and he looks at her with such disappointed dismay that Tony laughs until he cries.
“You deserved to know, so I told you. Don’t make me regret it,” Tony warns. He pulls his arm free, and leaves Steve standing there, one hand holding the back of the chair, the other still raised in midair.
“Yeah, and broken like, four ribs and maybe got a concussion. I got JARVIS to run the numbers, I would have been fine. What were you thinking, trying to catch me?”
He finishes attaching it onto the tortonia, its little legs moving in the air as he does so. When he places it down, it starts to waddle away, far faster than it was before the extra leg. Tony watches it, satisfied, as it makes its way into the ocean.
“What exactly would you like me to do, sir?” JARVIS says, a little sniffy. “Play ‘Fuck You’ loudly until he disappears?”
“Do the words ‘privatized world peace’ mean anything to you? You can’t declare yourself a savior and then disappear.”
Tony brings them to a stop. “Okay, look – you just have to promise me that you’re not going to like, dismiss me from the ship for this.”
Tony had cut off the conversation after seven minutes of explanations and placations, culminating in a wonderfully uncomfortably lie that Tony was sure he’d come up with a cure and that Rhodey definitely had nothing to worry about, long term, calm down, buddy, no need to come over.
Tony pauses. His cursor is blinking next to number 104: “Where to donate my workshop tech? MIT? Spread out to different colleges? Poor colleges? Small companies? Upcoming scientists? MUST PUT CLAUSE IN MY WILL OR THEY WILL SELL IT WHEREVER AND IT MAY END UP SOMEWHERE LIKE HAMMER’S LAB”
“So you do care,” Steve says triumphantly, like he just made a point, and Tony feels a spark of irritation that is in real danger of igniting. “You care that your name is on them, what they think of you, your legacy.”
“It’s just—” Steve says suddenly, then stops. He groans lightly, and rubs a hand over his face, before muttering, “You have standards for yourself, Steve.”
“Therapy can be good,” Steve encourages. His hand is still on Tony’s shoulder, and he curls his fingers slightly, so he’s clutching at Tony’s shoulder.
Steve feels a trickle of amusement that surprises him a little. “Right, I forgot, you’re mister war-supporter, Mister System of No Accountability and Let Me Shut Down My Weapons Manufacturing Because I Can’t Abide By These Abuses—”
Tony was dripping water from being pushed underneath until he was forced to go into a meditative state then yanked out, he was holding a battery attached to his chest that will electrocute him if it gets damp, he hadn’t had a meal in two days, for all the water his thirst was starting to weaken him, his foot was broken and blue, his right arm was ripped raw and green, and somehow, oh somehow, it was the words that strike something through him worse than anything he has ever endured.
“No, it is not,” his father had replied. “We do not force anyone to purchase our products. We only fulfill where there is already a need.”
“I don’t know,” Steve says, looking down, and Tony finds himself watching, tapping his fingers on the table. “I just thought you might be upset I didn’t tell you.”
Coulson turns back to Steve, who is now looking at Tony, something evaluating in his gaze. Once Coulson starts talking again, it takes a moment for Steve to look back. “We’d give you anything you need.”
It’s light, incredibly light, and Tony is once again hit with a surge of longing for vibranium – if only he could make the
He starts to sift through it. There’s a DVD, which Tony immediately throws to the side – he really doesn’t need to hear Howard’s voice right now – as well as some notebooks and some plans.
The nervous bundle of energy in Tony’s chest tightens, and he makes some pointless comment that he definitely didn’t consider before saying, runs a hand through his hair, and finds himself three minutes later standing with his back against the hallway wall, eyes closed, hands on his knees, trying to catch his breath.
“With all due respect, Mr. Coulson.” A pause. “And I’m not sure how much respect that actually is—” Tony snorts. “A house instead of a facility, and one person instead of groups of people, sounds better to me. Less stressful on everyone involved.”
She holds his eyes, but taps the insignia on her chest. “Captain Rogers, this is the Avenger. Request status.”
Mystified and on his way to panicked, Tony runs over to the door and hits the open button with a shaking palm.
Tony straightens from where he was bending over the warp drive. He flips his goggles up onto his head, and turns to look his new Captain in the face.
“Director Coulson,” he corrects, and Tony makes a show of rolling his eyes. “Good to see you, Commander Stark. Now that all the senior officers are present, I need to debrief you about a problem in the Levonos system.”
“Wow, some American patriot you are,” Tony says, and Steve thinks he can read the teasing in his voice. “We gotta strip those stars and stripes off your uniform.”
“Pepper’s off limits when it comes to me and her, okay? And you, if you go after her I will actually stab myself in the eye with a spoon, or something, just – do not do that, okay?”
“God bless you,” Steve says automatically. His hand is twisting on the stems of the flowers, and Tony is insatiably curious.
Stark Industries!” Hammer cries. “Your father made it what it was – a successful weapons company, and then you just decide on a
The door has a window, and Steve signals at Tony to step out of the way of it. Carefully out of sight from the inside, he makes his way forward, crouching, before he stands slightly, just enough to peer inside.
They tie him to a support pole with some wire on a table and a complicated knot that Steve can’t even begin to follow.
Day twenty-one, Steve learns how to fix a vacuum cleaner, and Tony shows him how to break it until it’s way more awesome.
Betrothal bond formed to T’Prynn of Vulcan, initiated at 8 years of age. Bond broken in year 2250, due to formation of t’hy’la bond. T’hy’la bond status unknown.
“Tony,” Steve says in surprise. He’s blinking very rapidly. “Hi. How’re you feeling? Did the shot help? Are you okay?”
There’s a pregnant pause where all they can hear is the running of the fridge. It takes a moment, but Tony sighs, and leans his head into his hand.
With a shake of the head, he heads towards the elevator, leaving Steve alone in the middle of the room.
“Anyway,” Tony says, wiping away the equations from the white board above his desk with his hand. “What did you want, anyway?”
“It isn’t the war; it has to do with the fact that I’m not going to get better! Not wanting to be around isn’t—”
Steve realizes at that moment that he’s been successfully interacting with someone for over an hour, and he’s actually a little proud of himself.
“I am also worried about this mission.” Steve appears tired. Tony doesn’t know him, not really. He knows his mind is warm and gold like honey, his presence comforting and his mental state constant, but he does not know him. He doesn’t know what would make him tired, make him worry.
“Tony – you must have realized by now that you can only truly be one.” Obadiah had turned towards him, and Tony remembers catching his eye, catching his body language.
Steve looks up at the ceiling, and lets out a shaking breath. He’s no longer hungry, and he feels the urge to cry, just like he did in that bar back with Peggy; real, long, heavy tears, just for the memory of someone who no one is alive anymore to remember, who no one knows or cares about how much he truly was, how much of the revered and idolized Captain America was made from parts that Bucky influenced, that Bucky put and held together.
He expanded and expanded and expanded – light years and planets and colonies and wars, media appearances and software, diplomacy and trade. The emotional, flamboyant Vulcan became a status symbol, someone you’d request to come to your planet to simply show your wealth, your prestige.
The vision that was replaying through his head abruptly dies, replaced by a stone-cold, frozen image of Bucky as he’s falling.
“Well,” she says, after a moment. “It’s been about a month since you decided – to go your new direction. I wanted to give you the time off without annoying you, because God knows you needed some time to relax. But I wanted to check in and see if you still—”
Steve wants to leave, as these two are obviously close and he feels like an intruder, but can think of no way to extricate himself that won’t call attention back to him. It feels like being nineteen again, wholly visible and completely ignored. It occurs to him that he’s never spent any time after the serum as a civilian. It was all in the war, where coordination and muscles and reflexes matter. He never had to go back to a normal life, to attempting dates and going to the bar with friends and walking in and out of work every day. The serum was a cure to make him important in times of crisis, but maybe it didn’t fix what caused him to be invisible to all his peers back in the day. Maybe that’s more innate. Maybe that’s just him – born and bred to be ignored by attractive, intelligent people.
the past. A man of the future through and through, he’d lose his mind having to remake the steps of progress.
When he was young, and we’re talking still sitting on laps and listening to stories of superheroes with wide and trusting eyes type young, he thought his dad would figure out the Captain America serum and give it to him, and he’d live forever. After he turned five and built his first robot, he thought he would be the one to do it.
That’s right – Tony always forgets, but Steve would have most likely had first-hand experience when those were still being used as ‘peacekeeping’ devices.
“Done calling the police?” Tony asks, standing up from his crouch. Hammer’s hands and feet are also tied now, probably tighter than necessary.
He did what he could think of to convince them it was really him - included his Starfleet number, personal passcode, a detailed explanation of events, as well as an inside joke he knew the communications officer would immediately recognize.
“The list. Crossed out number 163 just a few minutes ago. Everything is taken care of. I should really thank you, you answered several of the harder questions. Like numbers 1 and 5. Easier when there’s a backup superhero. It was gonna be Rhodey. Gonna be a new one, even. But now there’s you, and he doesn’t need that on his shoulders. I gave him my villa in Italy instead. And a design of a specialized car, if I ever finish it.”
(“No, no, it’s cool,” Pepper says. A hesitation, then, “I’m just not sure I understand how it differs from regular AIs.”
Tony has a theory about things that mean a lot to him – pretend it doesn’t matter to you. That way, there isn’t the pressure for it to go right. The person doesn’t know they have the power to hit you where it hurts, and you can play off anything that happens.
Steve doesn’t really remember his reply, something rude that was akin too, “Stop looking up shit from my time period to make me feel normal.”
When MIT rolls around, he decides it’s far more fun to flirt with death than scare it off. He sets fire to his insides for fun, and every morning that he wakes up with a black-out memory or feeling like he’s rotting, his own funeral flashes across his eyes.
They begin walking the halls in tandem, once again, roaming in mostly silence, surveying the art with quiet appreciation. Tony can respect the camaraderie, but he wonders what happened to Steve’s constant commentary.
Steve looks away, across the hall. Somehow, Tony gets the impression he’s not looking at anything in particular. “I’m – very glad I didn’t die before I met you.”
In-person was fucking horrific, over the phone almost made him vomit, so Pepper got the text, she unfortunately landing low on the totem pole of sliding responsibility, which of course meant that Tony was woken up by Pepper throwing a high-heel at him and yelling at a really, really high pitch.
“Captain,” Coulson says, apparently trying to take up the reins again in this conversation. “I’d like to discuss with you what happens now.”
“Not being held enough as a child can have devastating life-long effects,” Tony says conversationally.
“As always, your sense of humor is unparalleled.” The dry tone has Steve barking out a laugh, despite the fact that he, technically, was the one who made a joke. “I’ve been spending the past few days staring at your results, and I think I know why you can’t get drunk.”
His face spasms, slightly – that is a verbal tic that he hasn’t been able to scalpel out of himself, even twenty years off his home planet.
Singular, because it wasn’t the Vulcan way to bury the dead. There was no point, after all. It wasted land and fouled the soil. After the ceremony was completed out of respect for the dead’s achievements, bodies were donated to science and hospitals.
About two hours of Tony typing into a computer and doing something complicated with wires, he spits out a very angry, “Fucking Hammer.”
Steve’s quiet for a moment, then, “Look. I’m still angry at you. And I know you’re still angry at me. But I can’t not have you in my life. And we’re wasting valuable time, time we might not get to make up. So – truce?”
“I had no idea.” Tony tries to recall the words on the page, the acts of Captain America. “My father wouldn’t let me read much about Earth. I relied on stories from my mom, and I don’t think she mentioned you to me.”
Steve all but collides with him. If Tony were anything other than a Vulcan, he’d be immediately tipped over with the force of it.
It’s a hard thing to deal with, being so utterly known. He feels exposed, like that outer-mask he never takes off is just invisible, like he’s wearing one less layer of clothes, and there’s nothing he can do to cover himself.
“I know that, Tony,” she answers, voice softening. “You can do what you want, and if you want this, then honestly, great. But it’s just - uncharacteristic. I’m worried about you.”
It takes a moment for Steve to identify the emotion that’s seeping throughout him. But he gets there.
that I am never held accountable for my sins because I realize they’re sins? No one in the galaxy holds me responsible but me. I’m not
“You’re what?” Tony questions, preoccupied. He’s focused on the wiring and not paying as close of attention to the conversation than he should, but he did not follow that train of thought.
“Can you just,” Tony rolls his hand in the air, like he can magically rewind time. “Maybe start from when it went off plan?”
moment, the one that switches his axis, that fixes him with hatred and self-loathing and guilt so strong some days he suffocates with it –
Steve ignores the sarcasm. “I watched him die, a foot in front of me. You, or even him, can’t ask me not to carry that with me.”
“Steve,” Tony interrupts, resigned and resolute. “Stop. I’ve done everything. It’s the end. I’ve already went through all these stages and am finally passed the finish line of acceptance.” Steve’s mind flits to all the times he’s found Tony passed out drunk. That one time on the couch. The conversation about wanting to change facts. “It’s over. Don’t beat yourself up over what can’t be changed.”
you,” Steve says again, like somehow that’s worse than probably being awoken by some dude trying to murder him. Hell, it’s Steve, it may actually be.
Roomba jumps up next to him, batting her head into his stomach, and Tony idly pets her head with one hand as he begins to type with his other.
He’s halfway through a story about one time that he had accidentally dropped a multi-million-dollar prototype for a defense missile antenna and it had rolled under a dumpster. He’s most of the way through explaining how he tried not to sully his Armani suit while shimmying under a dumpster because he had a meeting in twenty minutes, when he pauses, because this story isn’t particularly interesting or flattering.
The TV blares, way too loud. It’s talking about Oreos for around three seconds, before it switches to a trailer for a new season of a TV show that Tony has talked about getting Steve into for ages. They both watch the trailer in silence. Steve can sense Tony’s rapidly tapping fingers next to him, but resists the urge to cover his hand with his own to still them.
as he likes to joke with himself, but it needs better filtration – the suit is supposed to offer protection to anyone on any planetary atmosphere, and it’s not up to his own standards as of yet.
That is an entirely different question, and one with a far easier answer. “Yes,” Steve says. “But we don’t always get what we want.”
“And she’s getting there right now, according to her text,” Pepper interrupts. “So you don’t have time to cancel. Bye, Tony!”
Tony’s annoyed by how even Coulson’s tone is, he’s annoyed by how he’s the only one who’s shivering, and he’s supremely annoyed that Coulson is absolutely right, he definitely should have known.
He doesn’t know what Tony has been thinking, but it’s definitely not anything positive about him, and he wishes he could just stop, change his behavior, say, “OK, I’m done being irritable and confused, let’s be friends and learn about the world together!”, but he just –
There’s other stats too. A slightly warmer area than the rest of the snow, about in the shape of a human body. A very, very slight biomagnetism reading consistent with the human body that he can only tell exists because he got bored five weeks ago and put a superconducting quantum interference device into the suit.
“T’hy’la isn’t an option for me, Steve,” Tony explains. “It’s not something I can take a chance on, try out to see if it fits. It’s – it’s lifelong. It’s permanent. It’s not my choice to make. Who it is – who I want it to be – doesn’t matter. I’ll love them anyway. What matters is if
“Strongly insisted.” Steve gives him a wry smile. “Or ordered. Or pushed him onto the ship and physically shut the door myself, insisted.” He shrugs. “It’s not like I have to worry about a court martial.”
think or feel for once. If he had told Tony, he would probably have gotten some kind of comment about getting used to the future, but it wasn’t that. It wasn’t accepting the present, it was more finally letting the past fade to memory. He had held onto those feelings, those memories, that life, with white-clenched fists, unready or unwilling to let the past fade. But sometime, without his consent or knowledge, he had started to loosen his grip. And now – it’s not that he’s feeling an overwhelming sense of home. He’s just feeling a lack of the constant, dampening awareness of the difference between what was and is. It’s just gradually disappeared, like how winter fades into spring.
(Two weeks before the art exhibition, Tony received an alert from Starfleet that he should review his will and testament, just in case.
“For me being gone,” Tony says, and something in Steve freezes, clenches, and then speeds up. If it were a movie, an anxious soundtrack would have started, full of strings and low notes.
“The only thing that was even slightly impressive was the arc technology in the drones. And that wasn’t even you, was it? It was Vanko’s technology. I recognized it from the schematics I was given after he was arrested.”
“It’s around,” Tony states immediately. “It’s around. Don’t send me off.” He can feel his control start to come back to him. “Please,” he says again, this time a request, not a beg.
“I’ve killed.” He picked at the cuticle of his thumb, a nervous tick he adopted from watching Jarvis interact with his father. “My life means little in wake of that.”
“JARVIS, make a note to complain to Pepper about allowing people down here. It’s really hard to be a secluded recluse if she keeps making meetings for me.” He spins, her hand still on his elbow, and points her to the door. “Miss Rushman,” he says, and gives her a little push.
Or Steve’s insane. Tony certainly seems to think so, given the look he had shot Steve the third time Steve asked if he was okay.
Tony slides across the bench, gently bumping into Steve’s shoulder, who glances at him in warm surprise.
“Steve!” Tony barks, and Steve flinches, looking back up at him. “We need to take these things down. Now.”
“I believe, sir,” JARVIS says, and Steve unthinkingly looks to the ceiling. “That you said you wanted to minimize risk. The public could take advantage of—”
Here he was, just molecules, just experiences. Here was the scarred center of him, ready and afraid. Here was his hand, shaking for the first time in decades.
“I also seem to remember saying that Iron Man was my property and no one else could have it. And if I decide to put it out of public commission for a while, that’s my decision to make.”
on the bots, and it’s truly fun to watch her acrobatics at getting them on top of them. Clint’s EMP arrows work well too, though he has to watch out for where Tony is, as they learned the hard way.
Patching into the Avenger was more frustrating than anticipated. The Flualli government had initially made contact with the Avenger through Starfleet, and all in-range transmissions had been done over hailing frequencies rather than ship communicators. Point being, the Flualli didn't have a direct path to contact the Avenger.
Tony knows what happened to Bucky. Steve told him one night, on a whim. Tony had been uncharacteristically upset by some event he went to. An old girlfriend (Sunrise? Sunset? Something.) was there, and eventually Steve pried out of him that Tony hadn’t been able to keep more than one steady friend in his whole life.
“It’s not that it’s overwhelming!” Steve snaps, interrupting. He tries to imagine Tony as anyone else. Commander Phillips from bootcamp. Anyone else, anyone who he doesn’t care about anymore. “It’s that I don’t see the point.”
“Okay, okay. I agree. We’ll be fine down here. There’s only—” Clint glances back over his shoulder quickly. “Drax and one person huddled in the corner still standing. Send Steve up.” Clint isn’t finished talking before Tony activates the bracelet, whispering, “Engage protocol Other,
“Huh,” Tony says, looking down at the mug thoughtfully. “He might have gotten the water and oil mixed up. Well, no matter.”
Natasha snaps her head towards the communication desk. “Is it deliberate, and can you get it back online?”
Steve nods back, a clear dismissal, and starts walking towards to the turbolift in the corner. He pauses as he passes Tony, and says, “I’d like to see that workshop, sometime, if you don’t mind.”
“Sir has awoken and is currently in the process of getting breakfast started. If you would like to join him, I will direct you to the kitchen.”
So, with a deep breath and an incredible amount of apprehension for someone who used to be a soldier, he heads through the workshop.
“Captain Rogers,” Coulson says. “From what I have read, you have first-hand experience with these warheads.”
He’s also painfully aware of the irony – all he ever wanted, before, was the opportunity to say goodbye to what he’d lost. And now that he has the opportunity, he’s too much of a coward to face doing it, to face anyone.
“Of course not,” Tony says, like Steve offended him. He takes the seat next to Steve. “I am going to watch you eat as much you want and then send it down like thirty floors to my employee’s lunch room.”
“I know why,” Steve replies with a frown. “My cells have a protective system of regeneration and healing.”
“Right.” Another beat. “I didn’t really subscribe to that. Peggy and I – we took our time. And I died, just as they said I would, without having experienced any of that.”
Steve had never left Brooklyn before the war, and in the war, he spent most of his time in France and Germany. He hasn’t seen much of the United States in the first place, so Tony has a hankering to show him some of the highlights. The Grand Canyon, Hawaii, Hollywood, Yellowstone, Disney World, Chicago – even some small-town shit, Lord knows that can be sort of interesting, like cool ice cream shops and run-down grocery stores.
It’s not as dark as he thought it might be, as the hole he made provided okay lighting. The reactor helps slightly, but it’s still dim enough that he asks JARVIS to lighten up the screen of the HUD.
He fits it on the little thing, though it squirms, and makes minor adjustments to the size. His eyes are good for immediate re-calculation, and he has some experience in prosthetics, which allows him to make the thing functional within five minutes.
The foot is lowered. “Well, yes. Did you not eat the fruit? Dddful confirmed it was given to you as a thank you gift for saving our colony. A free transportation to visit, whenever you chose.”
Tony looks up at Steve, at the face that’s haunted his dreams since that first handshake. The blonde hair, the soft blue eyes, the slightly melancholy turn to his expression that never seems to fully leave. Like a phaser, all the little pieces that fit to make something greater than the sum of its parts.
Jarvis had found him several hours later, sitting in the middle of his room, shaving his eyebrows into a straight line.
Two boxes, however, seem to have something complete in them, and Tony’s standing over them, staring.
“Good God,” Tony mutters. “That kind of money could have fed 40 families for 40 years, and he spent it on a dead guy’s body being allowed to decay.”
“Commander.” He shakes Natasha’s hand and looks her in the eye. “I’ve heard you were promoted from security when Captain Coulson and First Officer Hill received their promotions.”
Tony leans in, reading the information label. “It says the entire right-side was damaged in the War of 2101.” Tony inspects the painting, looking closely. “You couldn’t even tell.”
was a mostly-fictionalized super character. He was a boy with a brain too big and a heart already wounded, of course he would chase a dream of being an important, big person who punches his problems away.
Tony ignores the question because it’s stupid, and instead asks, “How do you know this is it?” He, a parka-clad Coulson, and two other agents are standing in-front of a massive plane, halfway rooted into the Earth. “Couldn’t this be anything?”
“Yeah. I had a really long talk with my therapist last week – did you know if you’re willing to pay off their student loans, they’ll give you seven hour sessions? Everyone should be rich; it’s so helpful. Anyway, she thought that I may be being unfair to you. Or, she led me to the conclusion I was being unfair to you, whatever, same difference. Or I am not being unfair to you now, but I will be in the future if I don’t give you time to prepare.”
He’s sleep deprived and upset and he actually fell over when getting off his chair – and he doesn’t want this to be over, not
– but all the while, he had clutched the vole in his palm, and suddenly the insults didn’t cut quite as deep.)
“God damn it, JARVIS, there has to be a way to use the repulsors to melt the ice without actually burning him.”
“You’ve been looking at it from the angle of ‘how can I find an alcohol strong enough that my body will process slower.' But when I was staring at it, trying to think of how a particle accelerator would interact with your blood, I just got hit by this thought –  why can’t we just reverse that? I can slow down the regeneration process long enough that you can drunk. And now I must try it.”
“For stealing his patents, that’s right, that’s right. You hate me, legacy, blah blah blah. Why come into my
He stands. “But it doesn’t matter. Once a design is out of your head and in the world, it ceases to matter what you meant it for. The only thing that matters is what it does. So please, continue to judge me.”
And Iron Man – the magnum opus of the intersection of math and art. It’s his. It’s his alone. It won’t be used as a weapon. It won’t be used for logical means. It’ll be used for his whims. His wants. His desires. His art. His
He can hear the armor disassembling, and then it’s being pushed off him, and he hears a very anxious, “Steve?”
“You got to have some poison.” Thunder rolls, and they both look up, smiling at the grey sky, rain falling into their eyes. “JARVIS, make a puddle.”
It felt like his hands did not unclench from holding the battery to his chest even when unconscious. “What do you
“This is in no way a ‘we’ situation,” Tony says with a half laugh. “If it could be fixed, I would have found it.”
“You seem to like the cat. You went all—” Steve shrugs, and looks a little uncomfortable as he finishes, “I don’t know, gentle. You’re usually so, so—I don’t know, fast. Rough. But she got you all—”
(Before his first counseling appointment, they made him fill out a beginning questionnaire. The third question read, “Are you happy?” with two boxes: no and yes.
He hasn’t been locked out, which he appreciates, though he knows it was JARVIS’s doing and not Tony’s. He’s not sure what to think that he deduces that from a “Welcome, Captain,” from JARVIS. He thinks it makes him warm, but maybe a little embarrassed as well.
She does not look amused. “Tony, your guilt manifests in dangerous self-destructive tendencies. You show far too little regard for your own life.” He shrugs. “Let’s try an exercise. What do you enjoy about life? Why do want to keep going?”)
Tony looks up, slightly startled. But then he shoots Steve a grin – part cocky, part clever, all trouble. “I’m going to do my one good deed for the year,” he replies.
Steve agrees, if unenthusiastically, and as the tailor measures, Tony watches and prances around and makes comments that he’s quite positive never made it through his filter, just trying to fill the stilted air that’s suffocating the room.
“Not much like talking,” Steve says, advancing on Hammer, who turns to keep them both in his line of sight.
“Yes,” Tony snaps. “That’s it. That’s why the, the not pursuing Pepper, though she may have let me, and the, and the—”
Mostly because he’s bored, slightly because any idiot could calculate, given Cap’s last known coordinates, the plane’s weight, direction, speed, trajectory, and all those fun math details he can do without thinking, that they’re several miles off from the most likely place to find him. Their way will take several more outings, at least, if they even find him. At this pace, it’s more likely some Russian Oil Team will just stumble on it. That is, if there’s anything to even find.
thinking about it, and just living his life. He can’t imagine what he would have done if Steve hadn’t been there for him to throw his reckless hopelessness into. All that time, effort, and concentration that’s gone into keeping Steve distracted has had the wonderous effect of keeping Tony distracted.
Steve startles slightly and looks around, before remembering being introduced to Tony Stark’s robot house thing.
“You’re not what I expected. Just based on the reports I read about Vulcans,” the Captain admits, after a long moment.
my business over an impulse? And you act like you’re God’s gift to tech, like no one else could do it!”
“I know you’re probably fine,” Bruce says, a medical tricorder already in hand. “Being that you didn’t actually die, but you did teleport a
“I only asked if you knew where my father was,” Tony replies. To his dismay, at the time, his hand was shaking.
They all immediately turn, facing Tony, and they rise up like a swarm of bees, and Steve can hear their guns starting to go.
“Sure,” Tony says, mind now racing. Has Steve ever left the building without telling Tony before? Where would he go? Did he leave for good?
The drones aren’t really attacking anything in particular – instead, they seem to be mostly surveying with their cameras at the front.
Her mouth is slightly open, like she knows she should respond, but doesn’t know what to say, so he plows helpfully ahead.
The dirge for his father was long and pointless and, somehow, had made Tony feel even worse, which he didn’t think was actually possible.
“I wasn’t going to explore it,” Tony says during his explanation. “Philosophy and ethics were never my thing. But then there was you – a problem I could fix.”
“Okay.” Steve nods. That feeling inside his chest – the irritable, temperamental, half-a-step-from-an-emotional-breakdown feeling – finally seems to take a step back, settling down where he won’t be missed. Maybe all it needed was a push. “Okay. Let’s start again.”
He shakes his head, forcing himself to stay on task. He throws the shield up a little, once, twice, catching it. It’s sturdy and solid and just as bright as it always looked in the comics and posters. He’s impressed that the paint job has managed to stay despite being in the elements for 70 years. Maybe he can test–
But Steve doesn’t look like he was cracking a joke. His brow is furrowed and he looks uncomfortable, but he steels his expression and nods, oh so serious, and says, “You heard me, Tony.”
Steve mutes it after the next couple people, rolling his eyes at the theory that Tony is cooking up media attention so he can dramatically drop into a party in the Iron Man suit.
for what others did with what I created. Not liable in anyone’s eyes but my own, apparently. And that’s the line I have to hold.” Hating himself wasn’t absolution, but it was atonement. “So, no. I don’t. Is that a sufficient answer?”
“Don’t ever do that again.” His voice is muffled by Tony’s neck. The movement of his lips against skin has the hairs on the back of Tony’s neck standing at attention.
He puts the berries in his mouth and begins to chew, staring out the large window to open space to where can see the very corner of the Avenger. The berries are hard through and through, and taste somewhat like a plomeek, though there is an odd acidity that Tony did not expect.
“Yes.” She must sense the urgency in his voice, because there’s no reprimand for his behavior. “They were very explicit that only the leader may attend the meeting, and anyone else of lower rank attending would be an insult.”
He may die within a year, but he’s fairly certain even if he did make it to 100, nothing would quite beat the look on Coulson’s face at seeing him holding Captain America’s perfectly preserved, and possible alive, body.
He remembers reading a book on Terran history, long ago, given to him by Jarvis on a birthday he’s now forgotten. It had spoken of old times, of the death penalty, and how some of the criminals had been given the option of a last meal before their final moments.
“Hey, Steve, think you can hold them off for a second? I want to get out of the suit and see if one I just blew still has its computer in it. If I can get a look at its code, I might be able to figure out where the hell they came from and what the hell they’re doing.”
With a sigh, he hides them in his fist. “JARVIS, disable communicators.” They don’t need to hear him die.
But Maria had been human, and thus her organs were mostly useless to Vulcan anatomy and interests. Tony, remembering old Earth literature that his mother had read to him after dark, had requested a grave, thoughtlessly, without even knowing why.
“Illogical,” he had muttered when he first read the words. And it was – there was no reason for it, except the final bee from Earth had died the year prior to its construction, and Earth had wanted to make something to commemorate the species that played such a vital, important role in Earth’s ecosystem.
Despite recent history, t’hy’la bonds are not common. Centuries pass without one forming. In school, they were told of with a reverence and mythos usually reserved for stories of how the universe forms. A soulbond, so strong and untouchable, the irreversible bonding of two compatible minds, another’s mind a place so familiar you could walk it blindfolded, a refuge, a support. A friend. A brother. A lover.
At that, Steve’s out of his seat like an arrow from a quiver, heading to the basement with a restless, nervous energy that manifests in his hand opening and closing without his permission.
“Stressful,” she answers, and he can hear it in her voice. “Why is the board more concerned with your disappearance than they are with the company? No one even opened their binder about the company’s new values and direction launch. There were important things in there, about re-management, expanding the technology factories and facilities, hiring new software engineers, what to do with all of the weapons experts on hire—”
Steve just slightly nods his head, no real reaction, and Tony suddenly wonders how many of his jokes are going to make any sense to this guy. Hell if he knows when sayings came into popularity.
Tony looks over to Steve, going to make some comment about why super-soldier reflexes didn’t translate to video games, when he finds Steve already staring at him.
She hits the comm. “Lieutenant Commander Barton and Lieutenant Drax, report to the transporter room immediately.” She lifts her hand from the button. “Stark, permission granted.”
Tony purses his lips, looks down, and then nods to himself. He looks up, and says, “I’m going somewhere. Permanently. I’m not going to be able to stay in your life. This whole thing with you is my last project while I’m here. After that, I’m gone.”
He can’t manage it daily, not with a Captain’s schedule, but he’s there more often than he’s not. Tony, who tended before to skip the meal altogether more often than not – and when he had managed, often had it hours before or after when was socially acceptable – has started replicating his meals at 11 o’clock on the dot, just in case Steve drops by. Steve prefers when they eat together, Tony has silently noticed, because he doesn’t feel as if he’s taking up Tony’s time.
“Until we don’t have to worry about it anymore,” Steve replies. Why does he always answer dick-ish questions so seriously? It makes Tony feel like an asshole. “In whatever form that comes.”
“The new Captain. I know you’ve read the reports.” He hasn’t. His face must betray him, because she raises an eyebrow. “He was found on an old ship, carrying cryo-frozen experiments from the early 2000s eugenics war. He’s one of the supersoldiers.”
No mourning visible. Hard eyes, straight back, hands clutched behind his back. There is no logic in sorrow, after all.
“I want one we both like,” Steve shrugs. “I just want something to depend on me. But this is your place. You have to like her too.”
Tony turns, ready to depart for the beaming station, when he comes face to face with the man himself.
And not even because Tony is an energy-holic who a fourth grader would have a hard time keeping up with.
He’s not proud of it, but the next time he sees Tony, he grimaces at him, makes some excuse about needing to go on a jog before it gets too hot, and leaves the tower at a pace just under a dash.
There’s been a few times that Tony’s looked at him, at those blue eyes and that kind face and watched him stammer through a conversation and wondered,
“I don’t know,” and great, Steve apparently just treaded on some exposed nerve on accident. “You just seemed like you had something, there.”
He had taken the razor from Tony’s hand and replaced it with a small wooden Cardassian vole. “I found this in the market today,” Jarvis had said, pulling him to a standing position. "I thought you may like it."
“Oh my god,” he laughs, bright and wondrous and happy. He lifts his hand higher, and another crack of thunder echoes. The wind flows through the trees, making the leaves rustle. A bird tweets and chirps, disquieted by the rain, and Steve laughs again. “Oh my god.”
Tony remembers looking over at Pepper on that balcony, all that time ago. She in her low-cut blue dress, holding a drink, staring outside and waiting – waiting for him, waiting on him, just like always. He remembers turning away, and that feeling in his chest – that feeling of letting go of hope, of possibility, of wants, because he had to. Because it was right.
“Welcome back from the dead!” He slaps the transporter console. “That was quite a extravaganza, eh.”
“Ah, Mister Stark,” Captain Rogers greets. “I have been looking for you. I asked about your quarters but couldn’t get a clear answer.”
“North Atlantic Ocean.” Tony feels absolutely ridiculous in his puffy orange parka. And it takes a lot to make him feel any type of shame, but this actually manages. “You didn’t
Coulson had stared at him a little disrespectfully for that one, so Tony made the better point that it might be useful to have him and the suit in there in case Cap woke up and got violent.
Tony’s done wasting time on this conversation like, pronto. The cold makes the metal casing of the reactor act up with the flesh surrounding it no matter how well integrated it is into the armor. Plus, he’s starting to feel slightly on the wrong side of normal, which has been happening more and more as the poisoning starts taking effect.
The beams glow as the molecules coalesce into a person, a tall person, and – the beams disappear, the transporter powering down, and a humanoid remains.
“You may not remember, being seventeen, but in your father’s will, he left a considerable amount of money for yearly expeditions to try to recover Captain America’s body.”
“Sure, whatever.” Coulson reaches out, and Tony takes a step back. “I don’t like to be handed things. Put them on the table.”
Despite the purpose of the trip, the next words from Coulson were some of the last Tony had expected.
T’Prau raises one perfect eyebrow, looking down at him in a way that emphasizes her four inches over him. She says it matter of fact, dismissive, and Tony is only three, he doesn’t yet know what she’s saying, what she means, but even he knows an insult when it’s directed at him.
He’s feeling awful. On the physical side of things, he’s low on energy. Everything feels like its blurring at the edges, going fuzzy, and he can’t seem to find any grounding. It’s like he’s starting to fade away.
Tony can’t look at him, not like that, not without his affection and longing seeping through too obviously, so he spins himself in a circle, using the wetness of the grass and lack of friction to propel him, to spin him around, around, around. “Dance, Steve,” he calls. “Isn’t that a human thing? To dance in the rain?”
“Aw, paid off so easily, like a newsie,” Tony quips. “Do you like prison, Hammer? Because it likes you. It’ll be a nice, thirty, forty-year marriage.”
Steve looks like he’s going to argue, but in the end, he drops Tony’s eyes, nods once, and steps back.
He didn’t exactly get how it worked or what it was, but he also got the feeling that if he tried to take the time to actually
“Make another, JARVIS,” Tony requests. One pops up on the other end of the closet, and Steve jumps out of the hole, feet sopping wet, and runs – runs fast, too fast for a closet, and comes to a skidding halt in front of the puddle, before taking a leap, sending the water flying.
Tony is almost finished with the roaming drone design. He actually thinks he may be able to sell it commercially and makes an actual note to JARVIS to tell Pepper about it. He’s missed inventing more than he wants to admit to himself – there’s something just so
There’s a dude on the floor, currently in a supersoldier chokehold. His hair is black and tangled, there’s something slightly wrong with his lip, and he looks familiar in that weird way that Tony’s just
“I’ve run the math sir,” and great, now JARVIS sound sniffy with him. “There is no way without compromising the structural integrity of the floor and ice sheet below us.”
Tony is not an option, in that regard. Steve could write essays about it, ranging from the cliched “Can’t risk my only friendship” and “He’s out of my league” and “Who knows if he likes guys anyway,” to the far more practical “Neither of us are emotionally capable of holding a relationship right now” and “Wooing someone is not a skill I was taught in the military.”
Contracted into himself, like a dying star, sucking in all light around him, pulling in and destroying anything that came into contact. The world was bright and large and terrifying, and he was small and insignificant and unhappy, and he wondered, wondered if it would be like that forever. And he had considered ending it, but he didn’t deserve to end that way, by his own hand – it should be someone he hurt. He should die with it. And if that’s true, then he had to live with it.
There’s a thousand questions he can think of, and he’s not even an expert in biology. Different scenarios and possibilities ran through his head all night, and the image of the body lying there on the floor spins and spins and spins.
"It's a better uniform material, my own textile design, with my own artificial fibers. It's stronger, more durable, and more flexible than the current uniforms. Technically, yes, it will be a pain to manufacture new uniforms for the entire ship, and potentially expensive with what we'd have to stock the replicator with. I've designed it through all known elements, though, so it could be—"
Tony could still see the dinner-plate sized hole in Coulson's uniform. "No." He shrugged again. "But I could prevent it from happening again."
With a quick hand, Tony grabs the thick particle accelerator manual he’d been reading last night, then steps around the kitchen counter so he’s facing Steve. Leaning forward, he pokes him with the book.
In these old ships, they required access to be approved by a senior bridge officer. After examining the code that the Avenger had scanned from their systems the day prior, Tony had determined it would be easier to simply code Steve’s biometrics into the ship as a bridge officer than code around the requirement, and safer to do it through code than to blast their way through the door.
of all things is highlighting his weaknesses, so he just nods briskly, says “We’re naming it Roomba,” and then walks out.
“Just this fantasy creature people wrote about back in my days. They had the—” He gestures at his ears and mimics points, and Tony watches, helpless. “Elves were always my favorite. I wasn’t expecting the pointy ears on a real alien.”
His current plan for what to do with himself isn’t exactly going to win him a Nobel. He wants to finish his list – and then he was considering how often and fully he could get drunk to dull the pain of the poisoning as well as help him forget he’s dying.
Tony goes to put it in the reactor – the moment of truth – when he feels a hand on his shoulder. He looks back over, and there’s Steve.
“It’s beautiful, isn’t it?” says Tony. He gestures out the window showing the large expanse of space – millions of stars are in this galaxy, dozens of planets, and it’s a tapestry of
Tony laughs a second to himself. “You also might need to add to your ‘going back’ list all the modern sayings that have worked themselves into your vocabulary. Don’t want to go confusing all them 40s folk.”
“I don’t care,” Steve says, eyes steeling again, and reaching forward to retake his hand – and God, he’s stubborn, he’s so stubborn, this is going to be a hell conversation. “I am the world’s leading authority on waiting too long, and I don’t want to do that again. It may end, I know that, but it’s better to try. To have it for a while. And meanwhile, we’ll keep trying.”
He takes a breath – not a sigh, but something noticeable, and Steve can practically see the thoughts running past his eyes.
A logical statement, one that Tony wants to refute immediately. A bed in a cave is not the same as a bed at home. But, perhaps, to someone without a home, it may not matter.
“You’ve done your duty, now,” Tony says, and something about his tone must tip Steve off, because Steve visibly reels back in surprise. “You can go.”
Romanoff shrugs. “Apparently he had military experience before, enough that they let him bypass a lot of Starfleet regulations and most of the academy.” Her smile turns a little wicked. “But Tony – he doesn’t know much beyond the 20
“I still wonder about the reactor,” Steve says. With Iron Man’s cameras, they probably already have enough to put him away on attempted murder charges, but adding conspiring with a known criminal couldn’t hurt. “Did you just steal Vanko’s designs?”
“You don’t have to tell me anything, Steve,” Tony says. “Though I probably would have been pissed if you took the job and didn’t tell me, that’s a no-no when it comes to roommates.”
The Romulan chuckled, with little humor. “You think your weapons stayed within the wars you sent them to?”
What separates a good engineer from a great engineer is simply that: willingness to rebuild. To try again. To refine. To accept what you have is bad, not stop, not get discouraged, and try, try again.
“Or guilt,” Tony says, far more honest than he’d usually be. “I don’t know, Steve. If you have the chance to save lives, to lay down your life for someone else’s, and you don’t, isn’t that on you? Haven’t you ever felt like that?”
It’s always been hard for him to fall for people – romantically or sexually. It takes a lot for him to get to the point that he can think of anyone that way. At absolutely most lenient, it’s happened three other times in his life.
(The first night Tony spent on the Avenger, he sat on his bunk, knees drawn to his chest, face buried, unable to banish the thought –
Tony wonders what he can say that will make him leave without being unforgivably rude. “I suppose I could go and write a quick musical about the timeline of my life and sing it for you. It may contain nudity at the beginning, I warn you.”
He pulls back and disassembles the armor, it folding back into the briefcase with ease. Once it’s off, he turns back to Steve, slightly stiffly. Steve’s wide, blue, innocent eyes smooths some of his hackles.
The Flualli steps up to one of the first stalks, and, with their top left hand, pulls at the bulb. It detaches easily and begins to disintegrate in their palm. They offer their hand to Tony, who takes it gently.
Have you maybe not noticed that I’ve been trying to keep this whole ‘slowly dying’ thing a little bit on the DL? Do you just get kicks out of betraying people’s trust or—”
It being the big, grand, overwhelming “it” – the life he left behind, the newness of his current world, the people he abandoned, the people he couldn’t save.
There’s the worse – like how America’s foreign policy seemed to peak with WWII, apparently global warming exists, fashion has become almost completely inexplicable, chain stores have become the norm instead of the exception, Brooklyn is now for the posh, mass shootings are now a thing, the Catholic church scandal in Ireland, people haven’t gotten any better at telling the truth just because they got a global communication platform, and so on.
“You doing okay?” Steve asks, as lightly as he can manage. Too serious, and Tony’s walls will slam down.
Tony stays and watches for a little while, but leaves after about a half hour, saying, “I can’t tell if watching you is giving me an inferiority complex or if it just hurts my fists in sympathy.”
“Bucky,” Steve immediately corrects, tone cutting and sharp, and Tony almost reels back in surprise. “Sorry,” Steve apologies instantly. He rubs a hand on the back of his neck. “That’s kind of a – a sore spot.”
Other items, like who to make CEO and where all his shit will go, are easier. He’s considering ranking them by difficulty level so he can actually get started on some of the less daunting aspects, when his phone goes off.
They’re both close, so near the same end circle, but the risks are just so great they’re both toeing the line, unwilling to be the one to make the leap. Both would be better off dying alone than making that jump and missing the center.
“Some people who are wondering aren’t only the public. People like Senators, the Secretary of Defense, and Director Fury.”
“A big one,” Steve tries to reassure him, holding his hands about a foot apart, like that was what worried Tony about that story. “He must have a hard head. It just shattered on impact.”
animals, because he doesn’t – they’re soft and cute and good to pet and he can appreciate something that hangs around no matter what he does and can’t understand a word he says – but they’re work and take attention and he really, really doesn’t want to hurt something on accident just by not paying attention, so Tony hides out in the kitchen and watches as Steve cements himself as America’s perfect hero by letting a baker’s dozen tongues lap all over him.
“What?” Tony snaps, defensively. He resists the urge to cover them with his hands. “What about them?”
with an old man in robes, sitting at a table with various instruments. “Did people really dress like that?”
She had been mildly arguing with him, saying that his Vulcan heritage and predilection for logic had to help in his engineering efforts.
Steve had let it go, in the end, because it wasn’t worth it. It was just a picture of a clock melting, something reminiscent of a painter he used to like and also just something he had been feeling.
She’s also a worrier. He’s grown to hate her visits because they constantly make him feel like a piece of shit.
He gets the feeling it’s the latter; something about how Tony presents himself – cool, confident, like he knows he’s worth your time – that just kinda speaks to overwhelming wealth.
going to let you sink. You can fight against me with those giant muscles swimming the other way if you feel you have to, but I am
“You don’t have to go back into something military, you know. I mean, really. Do you always have to fight against the bad? Can’t you contribute to the good?”
He needs to make a decision about what path to take or he’ll split in two and cause more damage than either path alone.
Steve makes some noise in the back of his throat – half surprise, half confusion. “Have I broken some rule?”
“Do you mean you’re going down to your quarters?” she asks, which is a fair question, given they put around 7% effort into heating them, so they are marginally better than the dock, but that’s not at all what he meant.
But Tony sure does like to talk, and Steve sure does like to listen. And when it goes the other way – well, Steve often walks away with his heart noticeably pounding, and a smile that’s softer than it is joyful.
“You’ve been in a coma in the ice for a very long time, Captain,” Coulson says, after a truly uncomfortable pause. Tony gives him his credit – there probably isn’t a better way to phrase it.
people stuff and honestly Pepper I love the downtime and no Pepper I’m not quitting being Iron Man I’m just taking a public break and goodness Pepper would you look at the time.
Tony – spine of iron, emotionless Vulcan, the unshakeable rock of the board room – almost bursts into tears. Like a dumb, scared kid left alone in the world, with nowhere to go, nowhere to turn, no one who wants him.
Tony, because he’s a selfish bastard and knows this fantasy will probably get him through to the end of his life, pushes up with the balls of his feet, and opens his mouth.
“Tony.” Obadiah shook his head, almost imperceptibly. He pulls, and the arc reactor comes. “Don’t take this personally. It was only logical.”)
“It’s all that matters,” Tony answers honestly. “I’m not going to force something like this on someone who doesn’t want it.”
“Is he?” Rhodey asks Steve, who has just been standing and awkwardly leaning against the wall for the last few minutes of the interaction.
So he definitely wasn’t expecting it. But Tony, at least on paper, is his Type. So much so that he’s absolutely positive if he had any friends left, they’d tease him about it relentlessly. Brown haired, strong willed, stubborn, sassy, intelligent, and pushy. Tony even kicks ass in a fight, which Steve isn’t sure why is a box of his to tick, but definitely seems to be a running thread. Not to mention, every time this kind of thing has happened in the past, it’s been with someone he’s been friends with first.
“But this ship – the Veneer – I checked its specs yesterday. I can reroute all the power to the shields. If the nuke goes off inside with the shields at full, the shields will contain the blast fully.” The quiet is thick, the seconds before what’s happening becomes clear sits heavy before them all. “But I have to do the rerouting work from the inside. And the shields can only be activated from the inside.”
Hammer’s placid smile drops. “The arc technology powered the drones, that’s all. It had the smallest role of anything. It wasn’t the most impressive part.”
Tony’s honestly a little scared, ready to babble and beg for his life, when Steve goes down to one knee – and oh, Steve threw something through the wall.
Tony breezes right on by. “Which, surprise, is today, in fifteen minutes, so you can’t back out, and there isn’t any chance of it leaking to any baddies.”
Steve asks to skip the final dinner. He just can’t imagine having to sit there with all his teammates, his friends, knowing he won’t do it again.
He finds that he doesn’t know what to say – yes, somehow, isn’t coming off his tongue yet, and he finds himself responding, “What, just like that?”
“Hm.” Tony picks up an orange out of the fruit bowl on the kitchen counter. He juggles it once, twice, and then suddenly chucks it at Steve’s chest as hard and quick as he can.
so much, so he takes a bottle of whiskey, and bets himself that he can finish it before the sun rises.
Tony for a moment stares into the faceplate of his creation, his savior from captivity, the symbol of the new point to his life. For a moment, Tony stares past it, into the eyes of his t’hy’la, who will never know.
He also wonders if other people just feel numb when grieving. He doesn’t know, and doesn’t know how to find out.
Is it going to be three years later, and he stumbles through a conversation at the grocery store, offending someone just by his own ignorance, because he can’t assimilate years and years of background knowledge no matter how hard he tries?
Meaning he accidentally lit the entire science wing on fire experimenting with lightning and was currently attempting to minimize damages.
It was morning, or at least by the ship’s standards. Tony wasn’t tired. He was fiddling with the AI code structure he was writing for a helper-bot, trying to make it slightly less sentient.
“What—what are you doing here? Why aren’t you on the shuttle? Did you find a way to get me out?” Tony asks, bewildered. There was
to be there when he awakes because of the little phone stunt, so Coulson can wisely shove it and let him be in there so Tony doesn’t have to force his way in with the Iron Man suit.
Tony’s expertise was in weaponry centuries more advanced than this – but binary is binary, wires are wires, and sometimes, no matter how much you wish it wouldn’t, the puzzle pieces still fit together, snug, in one unpromising picture.
to Vulcan – but, over the years, he’s learned he truly doesn’t care for the taste or the concept. Humans haven’t eaten actual animals for a century, but the thought still makes his stomach turn unpleasantly.
Tony tenses momentarily, and then stuffs his mouth with a lot of noodles. When he swallows, it honestly looks like it hurts. “Yeah,” he confirms. “Was checking to see what it was made out of, what it could do. Turns out it was a combination of - well, it doesn’t matter. Known elements. Nothing revolutionary. I can’t do anything with it.”
God, there’s something about Steve’s face, his tone, that makes him just impossible to read. He could be aiming to kiss or shank Tony, and Tony would be none the wiser to either. It throws him off balance – it’s a lot harder to react to someone when they don’t show how they’re reacting to you.
, he barely has to bend down. “You could come live in my tower. Pluses: I’m a billionaire, I could give you anything you need. It’s in downtown New York, which you might like to see again. I am not a part of a shady government organization looking to use you for their own purposes. I’m just a curious dude with too much time on his hands who wouldn’t mind the company.” He mentally weighs his next point, and then just decides to go for it. “Plus, you knew my dad. Some connection to the past.”
Tony walks up, and Steve has created a little sand enclosure for the tortonia, and looks fully content to watch the little thing walking around.
He suggests Steve go without him, but Steve just looks at him strangely and says, “But then what’s the
He thinks about T’Long, the teacher that introduced him to robotics after school hours, and let him stay in her room, building nonsense while she graded, knowingly or not helping him avoid bullies for an entire year.
“Like you?” Steve questions, absolutely genuinely, and then shakes his head. He moves right along, not even noticing that something about the nonchalant way he said that takes Tony’s brain momentarily offline. “I just don’t think that’s me.”
“Okay,” he hears. He’s not sure who’s shouting. “Glad to hear you. Thought we might need to send a search party.”
Tony spins and spins, growing dizzy and unbalanced. He stops facing Steve, his face flushed and socks completely wet. Steve’s smiling at him, something soft on his face.
It’s been well over two months by the time Tony realizes he may have a real, actual problem beyond the black one poisoning his veins.
Great, pity. Just what he came in here looking for. “Oh, feeling good. Birds flying high, I know how they feel. Sun in the sky, I know how they feel. All that jazz. Being on a walking path towards your cell in hell is the dandiest time.”
And then, if you’re lucky, and if you’re patient, and if you’re persistent, Mark LV works. And then Mark LVI improves upon a working design. And then Mark LVII. And, eventually, with enough refinement and time, you have a version that people accept without thought, that people assume came from your brain exactly as featured, that people can’t tell blew up only twenty attempts ago.
“Oh,” Tony says, his voice distorted by the suit. The shoulder missiles power down. “You beat me to it.”
Coulson doesn’t come much further into the room than two steps. “Tony,” he greets. “You’re making it hard to check up on you.”
He stands and stalks out, taking the elevator down instead of up, and Steve’s left on the floor, feeling like he’s been left in more than one piece.
He’s stuttering, tripping over words, falling in a way he never does. Steve’s smooth in times of trouble, collected in decision making, assured in his beliefs, but apparently, there’s a type of bravery that Steve struggles with.
“They discharged me two days ago, Tony,” Steve points out, with some amusement, though Tony catalogues that he does look down at his feet as they continue through engineering.
people. Not a person who owns more property than some small countries, who has billions of dollars to decide where goes, more than 80,000 employees to secure the fate of, entire departments that depend on his mind for products that are going to need years of material until he can be (somewhat) replaced – and the list goes on, down to number 104, or so far.
The Captain looks taken aback. “No, nothing like that. I wanted to get to know my crew. I’ve been told you’re quite – gregarious, when you can be pulled from your work.”
For the first time, it really hits Steve that Tony is just a person. Not a representation of the future, not some scary-future figurehead, not a even a stranger – just a person, with thoughts and emotions and who has to eat and drink and sleep and walk by himself.
“Steve,” Tony says, perfectly even, he believes. “A penny couldn’t hurt someone at terminal velocity. Neither could a flower.”
“What is that?” Steve asks. He leans forward, a hand coming up towards the armor. Tony steps forward, and lets Steve touch the arm.
“Yeah, Steve,” Tony laughs. “There’s a name. There are some treatments for that you may be able to bring back with you. Probably won’t find a therapist for a while, though.”
“No one asked you to,” Clint says, and yes, that’s definitely glee. “And then he just grabs Maras’s hand, walks out with his head held high, nods his head at Natasha for her to follow, and we go to the beam up point. No one could see us with the chaos of all the slaves escaping.”
There’s conviction, there, and stubbornness, and principle, and backbone, and Tony wonders how this man made it through Starfleet’s filters successful.
The lock to the door blasts off, and Steve’s immediately pushing through at run, cataloging how Hammer whirls around and his phone goes flying. Tony flies in behind him, landing about three feet in front of Hammer, one knee and his fist to the ground. Steve just
Steve pays extra attention to Tony, who is apparently doing his best to appear as normal as possible. He has what Steve assumes are therapy appointments now, for an hour after Steve’s back from his book club, but other than that, he’s purposefully, pointedly normal.
Steve, for a captain, has shown remarkable curiosity in the proceedings of each division, and had asked the science department to allow him to join them on the expedition. He asked intelligent and enthusiastic – if reserved – questions, and diligently removed himself when the scientists had to focus.
“No, no,” Tony stammered weakly, blood and water and grime falling from his spit. “No – not Tarsus. I had nothing to do with Tarsus.”
The tower is fairly renovated and has more rooms than Tony cares to count. He has a quick and painful conversation with Pepper about moving DUM-E, YOU, and Butterfingers over to New York, and he starts to wonder how far this “not telling people” thing goes.
He was vaguely aware that there are a lot of ducks to get into rows when people died, and that’s for
“Okay.” Tony nods. Another long beat, and Tony wonders if Steve had asked him a question sometime that he was supposed to be answering. “What of it?”
“Tony—” Steve’s voice is tight and uncontrolled, and Tony’s never heard that tone from him before – not with the Kree, not when starting a dangerous mission, not in the video of him waking. Not scared. Never scared.
“Of course. In the end. I do have to voice my strenuous objection to Mr. Stark,” Coulson says, which deeply offends Tony. “He is no way capable of—”
And there’s Steve, strutting through the hole in the wall with an expression on his face like he has only murder on his mind.
The stupider part of his head wants to say it’s because he’s afraid the serum will stop working given his years of inactivity.
He thinks of playing in the Vulcans sands as a child, building castles and animals, his mother watching smiling from the window.
Steve always enjoys hand to hand combat – but he’s gotta admit, the repulsors cutting through the bots like butter sure make his job to run after Doom easier.
The lunches are usually fairly quiet affairs, minor conversation as Steve eats and Tony eats and works on whatever project is on his workbench that day. Their conversations vary, usually starting with ship gossip and meandering to something else. Sometimes it’s some aspect of the future, sometimes it’s something personal, sometimes it’s about nothing that Tony can remember.
Rogers barks out a laugh, then almost immediately sobers, looking surprised at his own enthusiasm. “No time at all for me?”
why are villains so on the nose? Was he just a huge Tolkien fan? – tries to take down Los Angeles over some anger about a movie that was greenlit about one of his failed attempts at taking down Chicago.
“I’m the selfish asshole?” Steve says. He’s not shouting anymore, but the way his voice wavers is worse. “What about you? You can’t do that to people. Make you matter to them and then just take yourself away. It’s not fair.”
JARVIS is drowned out by a startlingly large noise, one that makes Tony legitimately sit up in surprise, one that would make him worry for his heart if it wasn’t already shredded. It sounds like someone threw a microwave through the wall.
Eight of the visible creatures are lying on the ground, either dead or unconscious. Tony scans the room, quickly assessing each body – pink, antennae, a Ferengi, a woman humanoid, a –
The Avenger isn’t visible from this vantage point, but Tony trusts JARVIS to bring Steve back safely. He doesn’t turn his communicator back on, and, instead, stares down at Levonos II, barely visible from the left side of the window.
Steve looks doubtful, but he does reach forward and press the window button. The window goes down, dutifully. “Huh,” he says. “Convenient.”
And he woke each morning, sometimes feeling nothing, sometimes feeling ice in his veins. He crawled and clawed and cried and hated and reviled and swore.
Tony was not wholly unfamiliar with waking in med-bay. The monitors filled with lights he would never understand, the stale smell of disinfectant, the quiet beeps and non-stop murmurs, the aches and pains in his body, usually all paired with Bruce fretting in some corner.
Whether he’s talking about the drones or the mountains of shit piled in the room, including what appears to be a half finished model of a knock off Iron Man armor hanging in the corner, Steve doesn’t know. And doesn’t care, as he feels a new sense of rage flow through him.
And Steve would normally put it out of mind – but Tony’s off the rest of the ride back to the tower.
Water spurts out, near a foot from Steve’s foot, completely wetting his pant legs. Not that it incredibly matters – their shoulders are fully damp, by now, wet hair falling into both their eyes.
He thinks of the Vulcan Council Library, where he taught himself all that he knows about the soft-sciences of the world.
“The means matters when you’re in Starfleet. You aren’t part of the resistance anymore. You’re part of the empire.”
The moment they park, Tony heads down to his workshop with a quick mention that there’s no need for Steve to follow him, he has something to do tonight.
It’s Tony’s tower, after all, and he treats it like it is. Not that he’s rude, or at least not in the way the media often paints him, though he does have the rather annoying habit of not checking the time, and almost never taking into consideration that you might be doing something else.
He leans down under the seat that he claimed as his from the moment he walked on and pulls out a briefcase. He pulls it up between him and the woman – what is her name, anyway? Judy? This is why he needs JARVIS in his glasses as well as the HUD – and opens it, carefully hiding its contents from her until it’s deploying.
“Sorry,” Tony apologizes, reaching for a tissue from the box on his desk. “I’m allergic to most orders of flowers.”
Steve looks at Tony with such a grave intensity that Tony kind of wants to hop over the couch and hide in the kitchen until this conversation is over with. The intensity ends after a moment, and Steve nods to himself.
“We should go,” Steve says, motioning towards the door. “SHIELD wants us gone before they get here, given the whole breaking and entering part.”
when Tony says, “Now that you’re staying – do you want to go to dinner with me? I’m bad at dates, but I’ve been reliably informed by the Internet and my memories of movies that came out in the 90s that that’s a pretty standard first date thing. Though I was pretty wasted most of the 90s, so, who knows.”
“Legos?” Steve repeats. His brow is furrowed. “Wait, aren’t those waffles or something? I saw them in the freezer.”
Okay, so he may be slightly embarrassed of his past self’s fanboy qualities. At least he doesn’t currently have any of the merchandise.
But there was a little boy, six years old, with pointed ears but puffy brown hair, who had sat at the edge of his bed, refusing to feel his own tears, who had placed his head in his hands, and thought with a desperation verging on hysteria,
“Hey Tony,” he greets, apparently oblivious to the fact that Tony’s about three seconds and a good hard shove away from vomiting. “You didn’t come up to eat. Just wanted to check in.”
He thinks of Scorhak, one of his first teachers, who refused to give him easier work because of his lineage, and instead fought against the board of directors for Tony’s inclusion in all classwork and activities, a support that directly led to Tony having the energy and conviction to put effort into learning.
“Though there’s been more wars,” Tony says. Coulson fixes him with a look again, which Tony finds insulting. “What? There has. Don’t want to give him false notions about the future. Yeah, Hitler’s dead, and yeah, the US hasn’t been out of war in like, a century.”
("Leave, then," his father said, tone betraying no emotion, eyes as blank as ever. "Find your way on a pleasure planet, on a mining planet, on a Starfleet base.”
so he just rethinks his strategy. He can't get Steve to move, to change, to open up, especially at first. He eventually asks JARVIS to write out summaries of all their interactions, and Tony takes notes like he's back in grad school.
“Too shady,” Steve completes. “I want to know what I’m fighting against at all times. I’m not good at taking blind orders.”
Finally, Captain Rogers turns to Tony. The tiny curve to his lips is at odds with the strength of the rest of his features. “And that would make you Commander Stark, correct? My chief engineer?”
It takes the new Captain a second, but then he smiles, and takes a step forward to meet Natasha in the middle.
“It wasn’t a ship,” he says, because what else is there to say? “It was the Iron Man armor. I showed the latest version to you.”
“No, no, I don’t mean—” Steve swallows. “I felt slightly bad asking you to accompany me here. I thought you’d be bored. But you find something good in anything.”
Tony says in horror. Steve reels back, obviously hurt by the tone, but Tony continues, “Did I Stockholm Syndrome you?”
Steve doesn’t really know what to say to that. Tony spews out egotism and self-deprecation in equal spades, and, honestly, Steve really isn’t sure which one Tony believes or what he’s supposed to believe.
“And it didn’t before?” The toast pops, and Tony grabs it a little too quickly as it burns his fingers.
do it, of course, but sledgehammering, jackhammering, and moving shit is just a lot easier when you have superhuman strength, and even easier when you have a decent enough motivation.
Tony doesn’t seem horribly concerned that there was just an assassination attempt on his life – or, at least, if he is, he isn’t showing it. He’s just sitting in the driver’s seat, although JARVIS is actually driving, with the seat all the way back and his feet up on the dashboard, humming some rock song.
His father had explained the business long ago, before Tony could even build a warp drive from scratch.
Steve’s been looking but not touching, and it’s making Tony twitch. He’s a hands-on type guy. This kind of restraint is uncomfortable.
“It’s just the period on the end of a sentence that’s already been written.” Tony wonders how his life got to this point – arguing with someone that his life isn’t worth the energy to try to save. He reckons if he told his twenty-year-old self that, he would have snorted, said,
Steve stills – probably yelling, possibly pleading – the armor blocks all noise unless instructed to open a channel.
“I will go, stop the fighting,” Drax says immediately, and then runs off before Clint, his commander in this situation, can get in a word.
do that. Steve,” Tony shifts forward, hands finding the table separating them. He knows his eyes are probably wide, crazed. The fast of an uptick in heartrate cannot be healthy. “Steve, you can’t take the ship from me. You can’t. Please don’t. Please.”
“JARVIS, identify,” Tony says, scooching forward on the bed so he’s closer to the action. “Steve, maybe lighten the grip a little, there.”
Tony hears his own words echoed back at him, and he wants to roll his eyes. “God, why didn’t you punch me for that? It’s so obnoxious.”
He pokes at Steve’s head, and Steve finds himself leaning away, feeling a bit like a schoolboy being picked on, though Tony isn’t really being mean.
He follows the alien – and he should have asked for their name, he realizes, far too late – up a steep incline and through a large field of tall, un-chopped, orange grass. It is beautiful, Tony catalogues silently, as if the sun had melted.
“If you hold yourself responsible for everything you could have but didn’t change, you’ll drive yourself mad.”
Tony shakes his head, even though they can’t see it. He hopes Steve cannot feel the mounting fear through the bond, and he struggles to keep his voice stable. “They lost a lot of time getting us here. We knew we’d be running up against the clock, but—” A swallow. “21.3 minutes.”
It wasn’t easy to convince Coulson that he should be in the room. Coulson made a probably valid point about how Tony might be a
“Hey Cap,” Tony greets. He slides a drive across the table. “Got you those files on cultural diplomacy you ordered.”
Mindlessly, he looks over the suit. Red and gold, his uniform colors. The control panels. The database that stores medical information. The repulsor beams. The storage container.
“Huh? I don’t know.” Tony scans it quickly. Then, he scans it slower. Then, he drops the other files on the table, holding only the diorama. Then, he reads it again, first word to last.
“Awesome,” Tony says, and means it sincerely for the first time in perhaps ever. “I would love to know what was in that original serum.”
Tony turns, getting ready to pack up some of his tools for the engine, when Steve’s voice make him pause.
A beat. “Sure,” Steve says. “Okay. Anyway, the thought process was that if you were going to die, you might as well experience those great things once. You know – love, marriage, kids.”
He wonders distantly if ‘use’ is a mistranslation from standard, or if that’s the word they use to mean eat, which is culturally interesting.
“And Maras is fine,” he says. A beat of silence, and then he follows that with, “If you’re waiting for an apology, keep waiting.”
“Couldn’t it help everyone?” Steve asks. “Your company – your Vulcan one, Stark Industries. Couldn’t they manufacture them?”
“He came into my room and tried to kill me, monologuing about bringing about your downfall,” Steve snaps, and Tony can see his fingers tighten. “Don’t tell me to let him go.”
When he steps in the room, he pauses slightly in the doorway, just from the expression on Steve’s face.
“Oh, that.” Tony smiles, all arrogance this time. “I made a couple upgrades to myself.” He motions to the table. “If you’re finished with your 102nd bagel, I have something to show you in more detail.”
Might party a bit, maybe some sex, definitely donuts, and hopefully a couple Iron Man missions as well. If he’s really lucky, a couple nights in with Pepper and Rhodey.
Though he does make a mental note to ask Tony when everyone got these robot helpers in the house. Tony said the future didn’t live up to the past’s expectations, but this seemed to surpass them.
“JARVIS, alert the cops. Seems like an open and shut revenge plot soiled. I’m sure the property damage and embedded weapon and JARVIS’s recordings will be enough to convince them for breaking and entering and attempted murder charges.”
He leaning in the doorway, wearing one of those T-Shirts with the name of something Steve vaguely remembers JARVIS talking about, something called NASA. He’s in jeans and he looks casual and he looks kinda pissed, and the anger fuels Steve into saying, “It’s my life, isn’t it? Can’t I choose how I want to live it? Whether I want to live it?”
Tony stands still for almost a full minute, simply listening, letting the sounds mix through the air. The minors fall and the piano trickles off, final note a strong but quiet C, and Tony finds himself walking through the door, despite instinctively knowing what’s on the other side.
“My room is fine, Tony,” he replies. Experience tells him that Tony’s ‘too much’ gene often surfaces with redesign projects – be it hardware, software, building updates, or on one memorable occasion, an attempt at making Steve’s suit camouflage to the background like a chameleon (which, to Tony’s credit, technically worked. The first time Clint put an arrow through his shoulder because he couldn’t see who it was in the woods coincided with the last time Steve wore it).
“Shit,” Tony swears. His other hand’s fingers find Steve’s pulse, and after a heart-stopping moment, he feels the slow pump-pump-pump of a beat. He hands his head, almost light-headed in relief, before looking up at Clint. “We need to get him medical attention, now.”
“Not with the shields up.” He closes his eyes and presses the comm button again. “It will work. I promise. It will contain the entire blast. It will work.”
When Tony asks him if he’s made more friends, Steve shrugs, and says, “Yeah. People to go to breakfast with anyway.”
Steve is looking at him like he’s certifiably insane, but, after a moment of just bewildered staring, Steve smiles.
“Multi-verse theory,” Tony dismisses. He doesn’t even look up. “You don’t alter this timeline. When you leave, it’ll just be as if you disappeared. When you go back, you create an alternate timeline – an alternate universe. The future you create there is the only one that existed for that universe.”
“If you mean Steve signed on for a job, starting in two months, then yes, I guess you could qualify it as that.”
("You didn't need to make this, Tony," Coulson had said, bemused, hands minutely stretching the fabric.
One night, after he and Tony spend over six hours together, Steve goes back to his room and cries into his pillow for the first time in four months.
Quiet, total quiet, as they each come to their own realization of what exactly Tony is driving at. Then, Steve, “No, Tony, don’t you dare. Don’t you dare.”
was the one who broke his hand. He doesn’t even get a nod of recognition. Hammer lifts his head, and his eyes are glistening. “No one was supposed to be able to hack those, Stark. No one. No one else in the world could have. If they had just done their
He asked Steve about it once, and Steve just kind of smiled, said, “You haven’t seen my angry setting.”
“I’ll manage to forgive you,” he decides as he's saying it, making Steve reel back in surprise. “Don’t think it won’t take some groveling, some decent pizza. Some letting me win at Mario Cart. Oh, or letting me win at wrestling. My ego could
“I accepted it before, you know? Not happily, but I did.” His voice is muffled by talking into his shirt. “But now, with you, I want it again. And I can’t. Because I’m not smart enough. And I have this coming, I know I do, Steve.” He looks up, so genuinely upset that Steve’s almost taken aback. “I have it coming. But I don’t want it. And I can’t even talk to anyone about it, because it’s a secret.”
Tony buckles his seatbelt, the reaches to the console for where the earpiece is hanging. He fits it in his ear, idly cataloguing Steve and Clint both arriving behind him.
He remembers standing with Pepper, his half-betazoid/half-human personal assistant that he hired on an absolute whim (or so he said to those who asked – split second, thoughtless, gut reactions were human. Immediately calculating probability of success based on a quick glance at resumes wasn’t.
“Rhodey, this is Steve. He’s a SHIELD agent who is staying with me for CLASSIFIED reasons. See, I can have classified projects too, it’s not just you, Mr. Airforce man.”
“I never thought—I mean, never in my wildest dreams—or, okay, maybe in a third of my wildest dreams—”
Tony’s dwindling patience next to him, and lets out a breath of relief when they finally stumble upon a door with light shining under it.
The suit immediately starts to unravel from his wrist and spread, nano-bites coalescing, covering his arm, making its way up his body, until Steve is completely covered.
“Okay, well, that works too. I hope he’s actually put away. They’ll probably convict him given my shoulder cam footage, but God knows in this day and age. I’d love to never have to see his mug at a gala ever again.”
He really, really doesn’t want to be noticed, but he really, really wants Steve to have a good time, so he finally lets Steve choose, and he’ll deal with the consequences.
They stand quietly on the beach, watching the rolling waves, when Steve makes a surprised sound. Tony side-eyes him, then notices the tiny little creature that must have walked over Steve’s foot.
Global poverty is down. Global hunger is down. Human rights is something people care about. Torturing animals is illegal. You can travel around the word and barely blink. Cultures can intermix. Women have far more control over their own lives. The Geneva Convention. Music. Movies. Vaccines. Food. Cars. Air-conditioning. Dishwashers. The FDA. Washing machines. Anti-biotics. The vast array of news. Environmentalism. Road upkeep. Education. Tolerance.
It didn’t take long for Tony to explain what was going on - though explain was most likely an overstatement. Tony had said, “Hammer owns a rival tech company and he’s had a vendetta against me for a while, especially recently given I embarrassed his skinny ass in front of most of the US legislature. This was a remarkably unclassy way to try to take me out. He probably just wanted it public. Whatever. Dumbass tweeted an hour ago, was able to trace the location. He’s in one of his tech development facilities that is technically supposed to be in Cuba. Again, dumbass.”
Tony hadn’t understood, but believed. And as he grew and gained and decided, he took the advice. He soon found that the Vulcan way of cold deliberation worked for hardline stances in the business room, but the human’s way of friendliness and showmanship gained more loyalty and friends.
During World War III, or the Eugenics War, Earth had fallen into times of crises, Tony remembers. Poor leadership from a number of powerful governments resulted in the war, one that had several different fronts, one of which was in space, where nuclear warheads were sent into orbit and aimed at one another’s countries.
“No problem,” Tony says, then shrugs, and ruins it a little with, “It’s what I do, be awesome, I can’t help it.”
He had a dream last night, a vision, of him arriving back to the camp and surprising Peggy. She’d run into his arms, un-poised like she never was, and he’d catch her. They’d kiss – and the vision morphs into their wedding, the white lace beautiful on her head. Then a house, a couple bedrooms. A small daughter, yellow hair. A dog. A birthday party for their son, where Steve kisses Peggy on the temple. A steady, day job.
“If it’s a live person, they won’t be for long,” Tony says, but dutifully lets the shield drop to his side and continues on.
Tony considers it, but he really doubts that would actually stop Steve, and was far more likely just to annoy Tony.
time he tried it, and he’ll think about how he wasn’t thinking about any of that, any of his programming, about how the only thing he was thinking of was Steve’s bright, happy laughing, of his own pervasive contentment, and he will think,
Tony can’t help but steal a quick glance down – Steve’s hand is open on the mattress, facing upwards. Most likely noticing Tony’s glimpse, it quickly disappears under the sheet.
“We’ll get there in your pop culture education,” Tony says, flapping his hand. “Come on, follow me.”
It takes him only a minute to find him in medbay, sitting on his bed, hunched over, like he’s trying to make himself smaller.
“Cats are fine,” Tony says, hand still on her head. “Cats ride roombas, cats keep the internet alive, cats don’t need to be taken out every ten minutes.”
“Palladium, you said?” Steve says. He’s aware his voice is wavering, slightly, through his determination. “Someone must know. Chemists, biologists. There’s artificial hearts now. There has to be a solution. SHIELD. SHIELD has an entire—”
Steve stands and follows him, and they head up the stairs. After Tony’s atop, he turns to look at Steve, watching his expression as he takes in the skyline.
“That reminds me – you gotta pick a time to go back. I’m assuming before Barnes died, but that’s your choice.”
It took nearly a week - around three days to reach them, around three days for a reply - but he was unsurprised when he was approached by a Fluallian council member, who he now knew as Fllula. They raised a leg then handed him a note, which read, simply, "Stay put. We're coming. - Captain Rogers."
“That’s when one of their lookout guards shot him in the back with a phaser,” Clint says. It sounds suspiciously like glee in his voice. “You should have seen it, Tony. He just turned around, looked the guy dead in the eye, walked forward, took the phaser out of the man’s hand,
The next half hour is spent with Steve just staring out the window and Tony catching up on shit he let slide while on his impromptu vacation. He still is CEO; he’s gotta take care of
It’s many moments – almost three minutes – before Steve is back on the comms. “Okay, Tony. The shuttle is clear of the ship.”
He doesn’t answer many of his calls; he has far too many calls a day for that to be an option and he really doesn’t understand why people just don’t communicate purely technologically, come on, what century is it, but anyway – he doesn’t answer many calls, but he almost never answers SHIELD in particular. Mostly because he programmed hold music for that particular number and truly enjoys the thought of Fury sitting at his desk, angrily staring at the phone, cyclops eye twitching as “You’re So Vain” plays on a continuous loop.
“I feel like I did you a disservice, introducing you to color HD television with CNN. I should have shown you the remastered Wizard of Oz or something.”
He learned that young, before he has any memories that lasted. It comes with the territory – you make one prototype, and it explodes. So you make another. And another. And another. And another.
Steve’s been staring at a discolored spot on the fabric of the loveseat he’s using, intent and tense. He does look up, and catches Tony’s eye.
“Oh.” He looks away from Doom, some of the pleasant-adrenaline draining from his body. “I didn’t think of that."
“Ah.” Phones. Computers. Internet. This was all going to be so fun. And so impossible to describe. “It’s a phone.”
“Goodbye, Miss,” Steve says, with a little wave, and she gives Steve a curious look before she exits.
“We can’t move it. We can’t disable it. We can’t leave it to just go off. We only have twenty minutes – we don’t have the luxury of time to try to discuss other options.”
“Thank you,” Tony says solemnly. He taps the watch on his right wrist, waiting for the iron man suit to move up his arm. He carefully stows the gift in a small compartment of his suit, made for excess parts but useful for circumstances such as these.
“Yeah, JARVIS,” Tony says, because when it comes down to it, the armor isn’t about power or style or authority – it’s about protection. “I’m going.”
“You okay?” Tony asks casually, snapping Steve out his reverie. Tony’s staring at the eggs. They’re basically mush.
“Of course it is. And may I say, it’s lovely to hear your dulcet tones. What do you want from me this time?”
“I’m sure you’re not, Steve,” Pepper says kindly. “I’m sure this would be fine if I was ever notified about it at all.” Her voice turns pointed, as does her gaze, which shifts back to Tony. “How do you expect me to keep your schedule if you just haphazardly leave and get new projects and things to do without telling me? You thoroughly pissed off Congress a couple of weeks ago. We already got a notice from the DOD that they’re thinking of retracting our Windfarm contract, despite the fact that we already have people on payroll for that—”
They force his hands together and are completely unable to be taken off without a 14 digit passcode – they also are connected to some kind of device that means Doom physically can’t stray more than five feet from whoever is holding the device.
He has his stubborn setting, and his convictions, and yes, he once threw a remote at the TV when Ted Cruz was speaking at some event, and yes, Tony once made a really, really dumb joke about outsourced labor that he didn’t even mean that had him sitting through a two-hour long tirade about supporting immigrants – but Steve is
He leans down and pries the shield out of the ice, glad for the suit’s superhuman strength, because there’s no way he could have brute-forced that thing out any other way.
“Communication must still be down. Merde, fuck, shit.” Steve’s still below him, and red, warm blood is still seeping out from underneath Tony’s palm. “Okay, look, Clint, I know this isn’t protocol, but I have an idea to save him.”
“No, not that,” he dismisses with a shake of his head. He stops for a second, cocking his head thoughtfully. “Though I appreciate that you know I have the authority to stop a 100+ manned governmental expedition just because my extremities are getting tingly. I’d give you a round of applause if I could feel my fingers.”
about the world –  God, his reaction to Time’s Square and Vegas Tony is dying for, he truly is – but it’d be best to actually think through what order it should all come. It’s going to be confusing; there’s 70 years of puzzle pieces, and if he isn’t careful about what order he puts them together, the picture is just going to be more confusing than if he didn’t do anything at all.
That’s the first Steve’s heard that Howard passed. It’s not surprising, but, for some reason, he had assumed Howard was just old and living in a nursing home, or something.
They stop at every painting, every sculpture, every drawing, taking their time, shoulder to shoulder.
Tony swallows past the words rushing his throat. In the end, he just says an underwhelming, “And why is that?”
“No,” Tony rejects automatically, without meaning to. He can feel his breath starting to quicken. “No, you can’t do that.”
“JARVIS, buddy, how many more combinations do we have on the list to try to replace the core?” he asks, tapping the reactor, and fully knowing the answer.
“That and tracking down my weapons,” Tony adds on. Steve looks a little blank, so he clarifies, “I shut down the weapons manufacturing part of Stark Industries, and I created Iron Man to help me track down where all the weapons went that have my name on them that were sold out from under me.”
Steve doesn’t know him like Pepper does, like Rhodey does. But sometimes Tony feels like the only reason they are there is because he grabbed them and refused to let go.
Pushing it away, Steve makes a split-second decision, and stands right underneath the falling armor.
Steve takes a bite of his meal, some pasta dish, oblivious that part of Tony feels like it is unraveling.
That or Steve’s been out making friends and hiding it from Tony, which, honestly, Tony would be legitimately offended. Not even jokingly, just honestly. And maybe even hurt, though he probably wouldn’t acknowledge that one.
He considers briefly flying Steve home with the armor, but quickly dismisses it. He’s never flown anyone before, and with his luck, he’d drop him. Steve Rogers: survives Nazis, scientific experimentation, and being frozen for 70 years, is killed by Tony Stark having a poor grip.
“Copying now. Also, you have received eleven phone calls from Ms. Potts since yesterday. Do you want me to connect you?”
“Whatever you want. You could do anything. Men’s modeling would love to have you. Join SHIELD. Learn yoga. Buy a kitten. It doesn’t matter. You just need to do something. What do you do for fun?”
“Someone should have told my father,” Steve replies, faux-thoughtfully, and Tony snorts. Steve grins at him, clearly relieved at their compatible senses of humor. “Doesn’t matter the planet or time period, does it, it’s just men all around?”
Tony re-learns that he likes movies. He never has the time to make it to a theater, and tends to just put ones he was interested in on in the background while he’s building shit. He loved them as a kid, when they kept him company when he was alone, but hasn’t really truly indulged in years.
He thinks of his blood, dripping green, that he was able to donate to save the life of the Ambassador who was shot on a routine mission, so nearby.
Apparently, Tony spiraled into reading about interdimensional travel after the Battle of New York. One road led to another led to another – “I went so far down that rabbit hole I hit the Earth’s mantle” – and he found himself with a workable theory about traveling to another dimension at a different time period.
Those years in his late twenties to early thirties were some of his best in regards to his own self-worth, even though now they make him look back and cringe with a dark, hollow feeling – but then, he didn’t care. He liked who he was, he liked what he was doing, he felt good doing it, and he wanted to live as long as possible so he could keep doing it.
When you’re born, you stand on the shoulders of giants, each year growing taller. Children are starting higher than he, and no one thinks to make a manual of how to climb.
They both turn back to Steve, who seems to be outright staring at only Tony now. Tony doesn’t blame him as he is obviously the most interesting thing in this room.
He thinks about making a crack about definitely wanting her as personal as possible, but he can almost physically feel Steve’s presence behind him, and while he’s not one for shame, he is apparently one to care about other’s opinions for once, so he just smiles, quick and bright, and rattles off, “I don’t need an assistant, but thank you. You can leave through the elevator. Or stairs, if you want, though I really don’t think you need the exercise.”
The shield agent sitting across from Tony looks up, eyes wide, her hands stilling from where she was typing on some tablet.
“Glad you had fun, Captain oh Captain. Captain Ahab. Or was it Captain Ishmael? Oh God, I don’t remember. JARVIS—”
“Actually, I am all for getting hasty. Hasty is my middle name, right next to ‘righteously pissed.’ My third and fourth middle names. How are you feeling, Steve?”
He’s surprised when Steve stopped by his quarters, a half hour before his own beam time, though he’s not sure why. He supposes he figured Steve had his own plans.
“Jesus fucking Christ, you have fast reflexes,” Tony says. He has one knee on the ground, but he stands without trouble, doing a visible body shake.
observation. The act of being purposeful about it seems to open up an entire other side to Tony – the physical side.
Compounded with the fact that apparently Tony did, in fact, quit his own company, people have a lot to speculate about.
“We’re wasting time,” Coulson interjects. And he’s right – of course he’s right. “There’s billions of lives on the line. Can you do it, Tony?”
“Commander Romanoff let me lead engineering bay for the journey to Corons VI to pick you up!” He bounces again. “I didn’t break anything, I swear. Though I didn’t really understand the expansion you put on the warp drive—”
dedicated to its preservation. I don’t particularly understand any of this—” he points at a painting across the way, the one of a bush, that read a price that made him blink very rapidly. “But there’s people out there willing to have their life’s legacy boil down to creating a solution that will preserve paint but remove dirt. It’s amazing.”
“I couldn’t explain the half of it,” he says. His tone has been noticeably tight since he came up, but this is the first time it wavers in some emotion - sadness, frustration, Steve can’t name it.
Tony turns, and Steve’s sitting at the table across from the counter, one hand on his phone, staring at Tony with a raised eyebrow.
It’s been hours, several hours, and Tony’s at a more delicate part of the wiring process when Steve says, “You seem better.”
The conversation isn’t overly long – just about ten minutes – and ends with Steve signing something.
He takes the shield, reaches back, and chucks it up. It makes it through, and he’s a little proud of his skills; he was never all that good at frisbee in college, but he can hear the thump as it lands up on the snow.
That was a minor disaster as well, but more minor than before – in Tony’s all-time rankings, it probably only ranked like, fifteenth.
“What are those?” Steve asks, coming closer. They’re circles, glowing a dull blue, and, honestly, they look like an off-brand version of the reactor.
“Not to – not to be rude, or anything,” Steve says, interrupting their staring contest. “But can one of you prove it?”
Coulson looks at him, then bites his lip and looks down. He sighs, nice and heavy. “Look, Stark, you’re not necessarily wrong. And the last thing I want to do is hurt a treasured national icon—”
“A tragedy. You’re honestly a tragedy. Shakespeare quality. Someone is going to grab your skull and monologue sadly at it, one day.”
And so he finds himself walking down halls, his footsteps echoing in the quiet, listening to Steve quietly chatter about the history he knows.
“Okay.” Steve’s still watching him like he’s waiting for something, and Tony’s feeling dizzy and not up for following this conversation, so he just says, “I’m sorry, what’s the issue?”
Tony swipes it before Coulson can change his mind. He hits the home button – a Stark phone, thank God – when the keypad comes up.
“So you just gave her the lead position in your company? Is it still a weapon’s manufacturing business?”
The problem is, Tony is a bit of a fixator. He gets a project and nothing else exists until he finishes, and he’s had that problem with people in the past as well. He latches on and suffocates them with his feelings until the person pushes him away, gasping for breath, and he loses another person.
“What’s this?” Steve is apparently not in the mood for pleasantries, though he doesn’t sound angry – just impatient. He hands him a PADD, which Tony takes idly. While he’s chewing, he glances down absentmindedly, quickly scanning the highlighted text.
Clint is at the helm, his hand still on the beaming button, and he’s the first person that Tony sees.
“As I said, no biggie.” He mindlessly bumps shoulders with Steve, but doesn’t miss the strange look that garners. “Sorry?”
Steve glances over at him. It seems to take a moment for the words to register. “Yes, but it was before my time.”
He spends a brief moment of disorientation – why can he still open his eyes – before he catalogues what he sees.
Tony smiles. He squeezes Steve’s hand once, then drops them. “How about this? You ask me in two months. Two months, on the day. And I’ll say yes. If I'm here to say yes, I'll say yes.”
Plan A is giving life a second change plan, which has him listening to JARVIS, learning of the world, reading up on Tony, catching up on what he’s missed, going outside and watching the sunset from the roof.
On day four, he watches as Coulson comes up to Steve, who had been sitting on the couch and biting a pencil for a good forty-five minutes.
Tony had not been sitting on his lap or knee, as it wasn’t the Vulcan way, but he remembers peering up at his father, the distance between them large. “But isn’t that still participating?” Tony had asked.
“Steve’s fine when we’re off duty. And I’m not eating in engineering; I’m eating with you, and that’s where you are.” Tony can feel a flush start to rise from within, which he wills down by force. “You’re the only senior staff member not on the bridge. I want to know my men.”
He can feel his throat start to clam, but swallows around it. He glances up at Steve, just for a second, before pushing the PADD back in Steve’s hand.
The wind is knocked out of him, that’s for sure, and he definitely cracked at least half of his ribs, though he can already feel them healing. He hopes his head didn’t crack too hard on the concrete, though, honestly, he may have blacked out for a second, and he’s not really sure.
“Thank you, Tony,” she says. The moment pulses, then ends. She turns to Steve. “Steve, it was a pleasure. I guess I’ll be seeing more of you. Please let me know if you – if you need anything.”
“Clearly, that relationship didn’t mean much to either of you. I am more concerned with the second part, here. The t’hy’la bond.”
As happens so often with Tony, he feels like the conversation is a rope being pulled out of his grasp, and he can only occasionally grab it back and stop it, yank back into the land of making sense.
“It’s a turtle.” Steve glances up, face scrunched in skepticism. “Or not a turtle,” Tony corrects. “Technically a tortonia. First found in 2147, named by a Mr. Randall Coveney, an explorer from Earth who thought it looked like a turtle.” Tony crouches down next to Steve, and points to it. “They have a similar structure, where their backbone is melded into their shell. However, tortonias aren’t reptiles. They have something similar to mammary glands on their underbelly, which puts them closer to the Earth mammalian classification. It’s not perfect, but I doubt you want me to get more into exo-zoology classifications. Anyway, they can’t be taken as pets, as Mr. Coveney found out, because they feed on a very specific airborne molecule, found only in this atmosphere.”
that?” Tony says. He hopes his collar covers the black crossword that is starting to take over his neck. “I’m perfectly normal.”
A pause. When it doesn’t seem like Coulson knows how to say it, Tony pushes through, just like he always does, because drawing this out is just raising everyone’s blood pressures, and says, “Seventy years.”
“I’m sorry,” Admiral Fury had said, with very little pity lacing his tone. “If anyone catches wind that we have Tony Stark –
He wipes his mouth, because there actually was a fair bit of saliva and even with great kissing it’s weird if you spend any energy at all to think about it.
“I’ve made such a mess of this,” Tony says into his hands. “The one thing I dedicated the last of my life to not messing up, and I’ve done fucked it up anyway. Typical.”
“Alright then.” Tony claps his hands together, rubbing them in a Disney-villain like glee. “Let’s head in.”
someone wants from him - college visit, speech at a summit, look after a company, do an interview, design this, consult that - he’s had literal teams of people whose entire job was just to maintain his schedule.
