He leaned into the other instead of moving backwards as the billionaire had expected and well, it seemed to show that he had learned during their relationship. At least Tony could pride himself to be a good teacher – which was no use to him in this situation.
Steve only stared at him in disbelief. His mouth fell open and he wasn’t able to close it by himself: “You do what?”
He was about to change into his running gear after school when the most unexpected person entered the boy’s locker room.
“It’s not but”, he made a pause and Steve was quite sure it could only get worse, “Bucky and I are no idiots, Steve. We know that you like him and probably it's going to be a little rough seeing...”
He scooted closer: “You can whisper if you feel more comfortable” Steve only sat there in shock. Now he was sure that there should be no amount of alcohol that made a sane man like himself sleep with somebody like Tony Stark. But apparently, there was such an amount- which added to the fact that Tony Stark itself was a pleasing sigh. The one thing that stopped the blonde from turning crazy was Sam’s elbow. And the light pain that came with it meeting his side.
"Seems like we understand each other. That’s exactly the way I like it”, Tony’s face was spread into the most sinful and most threatening grin he had ever seen.
Steve wanted to back away, one quick step but he couldn’t move while his eyes locked with Tony’s. Instead of backing away, leaving this fight to somebody else, he lunged forward, trying to press Tony against the wall. He longed for the touch, their messy kisses. But Tony only sidestepped him, his face a mocking grin.
It made his skin itch not to know what was going on. The only good thing about it was that it distracted him from the Tony Stark disaster and kept him always on edge. The downside was that with prom approaching fast – faster than any of them liked – he needed his friends more than ever. But a part of them always seemed to be distant.
"Which one was that?", he asked after he had drunk everything. He tried to sound angry because he indeed was angry, but at the end it came out as curiosity.
“We don’t like to interfere in your private life and please, please feel free to make as many friends as you think, but stay away from these people.”, his dad closed and his eyes were really strict.
For whatever reason, Tony had never assumed him to be the all innocent blond haired blue-eyed guy from somewhere behind the moon. It was pleasant to talk to somebody who had no expectations towards him. So somehow, those words slipped from him after they had spent a fairly long-time drifting from sleep to consciousness and back. He was surprised by it himself. Maybe, he considered, he’d said it because right now, it felt like they could be…
Tony seemed to nod but still kept still, not pushing him over the edge, not letting him come. That bastard. He even made him curse. And beg.
“It may be your house”, now Bucky spoke and there was a rather suggestive tone in his voice. Steve knew him all too well: “But Steve’s not as outgoing as you. And all of us really want him to get laid. So please move somewhere else or that’s not gonna happen today.”
“Don’t forget crawling back to me”, was the last thing he heard Tony saying before the door clunked shot behind him.
They didn’t really talk about it. Steve only nodded and grinned at them before getting into the car and Bucky grinned back and winked while Sam still had problems executing basic actions like walking. He did look rather pleased thought.
Steve nodded in approval. He was too lazy to say something. Tony knew probably, because he only crossed the room, reached for the remote and settled back on the bed next to Steve.
“What do you want? I see no reason to talk about anything”, Steve asked bugged. Tony’s appearance was about to ruin the rest of his day.
Steve’s couldn’t think about everything else the rest of the day. Even while he waited for Bucky to pick him up his mind was going through every detail of what Tony had said and did. So he almost jumped when Sam appeared next to him.
A wicked smile crept on Tony's face, followed by a playful wink: “Some of them.” Steve honestly wasn’t sure if Tony was only making stuff up or if he really had contracts in some drawer of his bedtable. He found he didn’t care when Tony continued talking.
“Why? There’s not much we have in common?”, she looked annoyed now and angrily pushed some hair out of her eyesight that had fallen into her face, “I want to know what you did to Tony”
“Yes, I tend to do that now and then”, Tony replied completely relaxed and with a grin playing on his lips.
Steve was speechless. He could swear his mouth was open in mid-air, or at least not fully closed. His tongue felt dry. “YouTube?”, he managed to get out.
“Well, see you tomorrow then.”, Steve took leave. Sam waved and walked over to his motorbike. Bucky’s eyes followed him in driving mirror.
“Could you please not curse?”, he said instead of answering, torn between all the things he could have said.
With three fast steps he was next to Tony again. He could see the other’s flushed cheeks and could sense his racing pulse. It seemed to blend and mix with the hammering bass of the music and his own bumping heart. It was an atmosphere that did not require reason or thoughtfulness, it simply drove people crazy, made them do things they would never do otherwise. Steve felt his own body close to Tony, saw Tony not paying attention to him, recognized how his arm settled back on Tony’s hips where it seemed to belong. Their lips were crushing together before Steve could even realize what happened or what he had done. Because it had been him kissing the brown-haired millionaire, not the other way around. He could sense the other’s surprise and his own as well. He had no time to recollect himself. Tony pressed his body against Steve’s, their kiss deepened and Steve felt himself pulling Tony closer, intensifying every touch and every movement between them. There was greed again and the need to fight with the other. Their kiss was a mess of tongue and teeth, of power and control, of craving and hate. They were moving, partly to the bass that vibrated in their bodies and partly in the direction Tony wanted them to go. Steve lost track of their direction, of the time passing. There was Tony and his smell, his heat, his body. His hands on the hem of a shirt, his bruising grip on the other’s hip. Tony’s wicked lips on his, always daring and teasing. It could have been seconds or years that had passed before Steve felt them stumbling into another room.
“He looked pretty fine to me the last time I saw him”, Steve remarked dryly, folding his clothes again because his hands needed something to do in order not to fiddle nervously. Or ball into fists.
He paused a moment and Steve felt sinful lips on his neck, followed by painful teeth on his bare skin. "Or would you rather sign that contract?”
“Well…uhm”, there was nothing for Steve to say. He only blushed more, trying to ignore the images flipping through his head all at once. He didn’t know why it was so embarrassing, especially when he enjoyed it and he had proven a point against Tony. Goosebumps ran down his spine and Sam rolled his eyes again.
“Even?”, Tony laughed, “fairness is for others, not for us. You came crawling back, you know that. So, it’s time to give up that pride of yours and admit it. I’ll know anyway”
“Oh God”, Tony’s head rested against the wall, his lips slightly parted, his vision fizzy. His breath hitched when Steve bit his nipple again.
They went in and Bucky randomly ordered from the card what seemed to have the most alcohol in it. They must have looked desperate enough that nobody asked them to show their IDs and Steve was glad at least that went well on this whole day.
“What exactly did you pay all of the others you slept with?”, the blonde asked dryly, “after all you have a reputation to lose. You can’t have them walking around telling everybody what an idiot you are”
The brown-haired pressed back against his touch, his body still tense and his movements somewhere between control and instinct. “Could you?”, Tony asked and brought their bodies once again together, almost breaking Steve’s rips by the eagerness he slammed their bodies against each other, “and now, get on with it”
“That you were interested in both men and women?”, Tony chuckled, “I can sense one’s sexuality from a ten meter distance at least”
“He’ll need something to drink”, Tony judged and Bucky nodded in approval, reaching for one of the drinks and placed it in his friend’s hands.
Idiot, he thought before his thoughts were ripped away from a tongue circling his length. His hands cramped even more into the sheets- if that was possible. His whole body tensed and oh god, it felt amazing. Tony’s talent in bed certainly had been no lie. His voice felt raw and his whole body was oversensitive, his mind was racing, everything seemed to burn. And Tony was far from done. Steve felt the other’s tongue swirl around his length, making him even harder. Then he felt Tony going still for a moment. It helped him calming down a bit. He wondered what was going to happen next. If Tony was going to leave him like that, he would throw all his pride away and beg. And beg and beg.
And the only problem he had at the moment was how to get to his locker. If he had a choice, he would have rushed past the crowd and would have come back later, however, he needed his books today. History test. His only advantage was the fact that he was tall. And muscular. His biggest disadvantage was that he a) was alone and b) not Tony Stark. He sighed and took a deep breath to calm him down. Only people, not poisonous snakes.
Steve felt his breath hitching and cursed himself for it. He had worked so hard to maintain control and now it slowly slipped from him. Tony watched him with a curious impression. Waiting for me to crack, Steve realized. Tony hated losing.
He was partly successful because Steve honestly had to laugh when Sam talked about his Chemistry teacher setting the table on fire. Accidentally of course. Hilarious part of the story being the tests that conveniently burned with the rest of things on the table, apparently earning everybody in the class an A. Because honestly, one couldn’t make them write that test again.
“I kind of like to do sports, but I had no chance recently. I was too late for the sports sign up”, the blonde shrugged his shoulders, “and besides that… I guess I watch way too much TV since I’m new here.”
“We have been dating”, Bucky’s face was flushed and Sam stood next to him awkwardly, the shock still written all across his face. Their hands were connected in a shy yet tight embrace. Bucky probably should have warned Sam before coming out of the closet like this.
So Tony had been right. Steve came back crawling to him. He hated to admit it, but it was true. He found he couldn’t resist the deal Tony had proposed, couldn’t get his mind off of the idea. He was thinking about Tony all the time, picturing him and his body, writhing beneath him, or, for the other time, him being beneath Tony, struggling to regain control. Both of it was weirdly appealing and then there naturally was a point where he couldn’t resist the urge anymore. Thought he was not admitting it. No way. Certainly not to Tony, and also not to Bucky or Sam who both grew increasingly suspicious. Both of them would find out, he was sure of that, but at least he could tell them the story he wanted to.
“What were you doing here? I told you a billion times that the kitchen is not your laboratory and that…”, Steve started. He had put lots of work in organizing this kitchen.
They arrived at their destination when he was just about to say something, enjoying being a tease himself for one time. Because for God’s sake, if he couldn’t have the man, why shouldn’t his friends.
“So, I’m no expert in recognizing people nor am I Sherlock Holmes, but I think that’s Bucky”, Sam interrupted his thoughts. Steve looked up only to see the possibly slowest driving car he had ever seen.
30 minutes later, he was covered in sweat and his hands were aching. It was a good ache accompanied with the painful way his lungs constricted on to less air and his skin burned from the exhaustion. He was still punching against the punching bag, not caring if his knuckles were split open in the process or not. Because it felt good. Because whilst he didn’t imagine Tony’s face, he could just let go. All of his anger, his suffering and desperation, his heartbreak, all of it turned into energy and the relentless way his fists collided with the hard leather. God, it felt so good to be angry and to be able to relief said anger at the same time.
“And I’d still hate to be banished from school”, Steve snarled and tried to get his composure back. His clothes were as ruffled as Tony’s and most likely his hair looked exactly like they’d make out.
“He’s only somebody from school, his name is Tony Stark, I don’t think you know him…”, Steve started and saw his mother pressing her lips together into a thin, straight line and his father clenching his teeth together as soon as he mentioned a name. Of course they’d know.
“Really fits the cliché, don’t you think so?”, Tony Stark went on, positioning himself right next to Steve who shrugged away. For a moment he even considered beating the school’s only transformation of playboy, millionaire and genius.
“Obviously”, Steve replied and was torn between chocking Tony and fucking him, ignoring all the people who might watch.
“He seems to be totally unlike you”, Sam mentioned slowly not being sure if he was offending Steve that way.
“Well”, Steve had to think for a moment. Since they moved to the city there was a surprising lack of activity in his free time. He had been used to nature, to work with his own hands on the house or to playing football or basketball with his friends. All things he couldn’t do here. Or at least preferred not to do here.
Bucky only shot him a wide grin: “That’s the fun thing Steve. God, you really need to learn something about modern life.” He bopped Steve before he pulled him straightly forward to the guy serving the drinks. Honestly, Tony Stark was the only person who had staff serving drinks at school parties. That was so extravagant and unnecessary the blonde had to clench his teeth. If he was ever offered a chance to pay Bucky back for this, he would gladly take it. But first, he would have to get drunk. He sighed and Bucky gave him that annoyed, funny face he always made when Steve snarled and sighed loudly.
Every time Tony snapped his hips up, bringing their crotches together, rubbing himself against the other body, his breath hitched and his muscles tensed. His fingers formed into fists and his nails pressed into his skin. No matter how much he tried to swallow them down, little moans and pleas fled his mouth. And Tony enjoyed it. His face showed triumph.
“You really know how to drive me crazy”, Steve said, his voice dark and praising. Tony only hummed in content, his lips caressing the sensitive skin on Steve’s neck, coaxing a blissful moan from him.
Neither of them talked on the way back to Steve’s house and yet Steve felt better that he had in ages. Sam stayed in the car when Steve got off, looking at Bucky like there might be a bone to pick with his best friend. Steve would ask Bucky about this later. They had planned to meet up at Bucky’s place and now that the whole thing had turned out to be nothing short of a romantic comedy, he was looking forward to that evening.
His smile turned him into a Cheshire Cat again: „Don’t you think that’s what makes it fun? I don’t need to like you to fuck you. It only makes things more interesting.”
"Both of us know that’s not true" Sam replied and made it clear that he was not about to discuss that.
Mostly, he was just scared. Bucky looked at him, then at Sam again, his gazed increasingly worried. He got around the car away from the driver’s side to where Steve was still standing.
Sam and Bucky were the only people who knew, aside from those Tony had talked to, and Steve was quite happy about it. No stares, no weird comments, no annoying eyes following him around.
"Me too. But Natasha and Clint are sneaky players", the brown-haired man slurred and his arm wandered around Steve's waist.
Tony grinned and even chuckled, his breath hot and close when he talked. “So desperate, aren’t you?”, he asked and applied more pressure to Steve’s chock, giving all the friction Steve wanted – and needed.
Steve only stared at Tony for a couple of moments. That was clearly not what he had expected. Not at all. He took another couple of seconds to clear his head and find a response: “Sure you’re not the one crawling somewhere?”
“I’ve already told you that I plan to ignore you.”, Steve repeated firmly although his fingernails were still pressing into his thenar.
After another eternity (I'm really, really sorry) I've finally managed to finish this chapter. I had a writer's block and it took me forever to write the few hundred words that kept me from finishing the otherwise complete chapter.
“I’m full of surprises”, Steve joked and tried to look especially mysterious. Sam only kept laughing.
He had gotten a bar, a bar mixer, cocktails in all colors and with crazy names, wine that looked old and excellent and most of all what looked like tons of beer, vodka and sparkling wine. Everything you needed to wake up with a headache and without memories. Steve guessed for most of the people it was perfect. He hated it.
Then, there was a sound from somewhere behind them and Steve was pulled back into reality. It felt like ice-cold water washing over his hot body and his clouded mind. They were in a locker room, in their school. Something like shock settled into his bones while he agonized.
“Let’s just keep going”, Clint huffed and turned the bottle. When it stopped at Tony, all of them seemed relieved. Tony had done everything so far. He had offered Steve that drink, kissed two strangers, asked somebody for sex and called that hotline-thing the blonde hadn’t understood yet.
“No. I’m pretty sure you also got those Iron Man shorts.”, Steve denied, however, he couldn’t hide the spark of amusement in his tone as he spoke.
He never talked about it, didn’t mention it to anybody. The only ones who probably knew were Sam and Bucky who were always curious and knew him better than anybody else- including himself. Sam was particularly interested in him and Tony as a ‘thing’ or however one would call it. He seemed to think of them as a great match. He never said so without a teasing, but Steve knew he was serious about it. It was useless explaining that they hated each other and it was also useless to remind Sam of the deal Tony’s and his relationship was based on. Sam would only laugh and wave it off.
It took Steve quite a while to calm his heated body down. He still couldn’t believe what he’d done, how his mind could have blacked out like that. Tony really was messing with his clear thoughts. A walking, breathing tease, designed to drive him crazy. Steve sighed and admitted he’d enjoyed every second of it.
"Absolutely wonderful", Tony smirked, his grip around Steve's waist got stronger, "I'm sure we'll have lots of fun."
He reached for Tony’s wrist and to his surprise Tony was not backing away this time. He did quite the opposite. He leaned into the touch, his body against Steve’s, his lips so close it was almost a kiss, his smile still prominent.
“I am crawling nowhere, darling, I’m offering you something. And if you don’t want to because you think you have high moral standards, that’s not my problem”, Tony hissed, his voice sharp and his grip almost bruising.
“You fantasize”, Steve tried to defend himself but his best friend only shh-ed him. “I know how my best friend looks when he had a sexual encounter”, Bucky said and his voice left no room for protest, “Tell me every dirty detail or I’ll never drive you anywhere”
Steve felt his cheeks reddening once again. He already knew that the people here hated him and he for sure didn’t need Tony Stark to tell him that in front of the whole school. The blonde could feel his fist clenching, felt his whole body shaking in rage. There were no words to describe how angry he was. And how much he not cared if he beat up someone popular and rich.
“Ja, in Sokovia. With… how do you say… защитный муж (zashchitnyy muzh)... uh… vhat do you call a man who is married?”
He hates this. He hates what the team–his family–has become, he hates knowing that he had no choice to do what he did, he hates knowing that his team has (
“That’s good, Rogers. You have a lot of making up to do to Tony, and you damn well better not forget it.” Fury crosses his arm and says sternly.
This u’hoa bond is fucking terrifying, Tony thinks. Which makes him so much more confused about what Wanda was getting at because he knows that he and Steve were… intimate, but this? This is a little too much. Even for a closest hopeless romantic like Tony. Something like this… this was just… all-encompassing and all-consuming and Tony didn’t want to depend on somebody like that.
Steve is running ridiculously fast around the park Jacey tracks him to. She’d maybe admire the rippling muscles bulging out of his too-tight white T-shirt if she didn’t know how self-righteous he is.
“Beats me. There I was, recovering from pneumonia and countless injuries, when suddenly I’m being arrested. Then, imagine my surprise when the SUV I’m handcuffed in blows up. I wake up in that dungeon, and Doc McStuffins is interrogating me about Extremis. Really, it’s anyone’s guess.” Tony rolls his eyes.
I'm dedicating this chapter to Right_in_the_feels who left me a gorgeous long comment that i read over and over to get me goin' like a dozen times, but I can't seem to find it anymore. but, here's to you hun. i have so so much more to say to you than that, so if you wanna hear it come find me on tumblr!!!! OR MAKE ANOTHER COMMENT
“It’s okay. I would have kissed you, too, but then it’d be because I love you,” and Steve smiles an honest and pure smile, the one that makes Tony’s knees go a little weak when it’s directed his way.
? You didn’t think, for just one minute, that maybe he was lashing out in shock because he hadn’t had time to process?!”
Steve holds his throat and decides that probably the stupidest thing he’s ever done was to make an enemy out of Natasha Romanoff.
He manges to crawl a little bit, but it doesn't get him far. He's grabbed by the neck and hauled up by an alien who looks like Squidward.
Tony just gasps for air, so Squidward loosens his grip some, and growls: "I will not ask again, puny human. Where are the stones?"
Someone cares, his heart cheers and it feels like a dam breaks because then he’s got tears running down his face and snot coming out of his nose. He just… he didn’t know.
"Oh. Ok. Um. I think I would like to see Reed now, please." Tony slouches and is suddenly very tired.
The midwife nods somberly. "Probably. Jacey, please dial 911 and request for an air evac to be sent immediately. A helicopter is looking to be our only choice. Steve, I'm gonna need you to fill up that sink with boiling water okay, and we need towels. Lots and lots of towels."
TBC so please subscribe or you know. just click the back button and go find a fluffy fic. that works too.
“I remembered that there was a man in South Korea, about a decade or so ago, and I was studying the case because it was so… odd. The man, named Pak Gyeong, was born with a very, very small alpha gland. So small, that he could be considered like me, however he lacked the beta-hormone-regulator gland, so he wasn’t a dual-designation. The condition had never been reported before, and the man was very ill because his body wasn’t getting all the hormones it needed to maintain balance.
Really, Tony thinks as their grins and infectious laughter start putting cramps in their sides, he owes her his sanity.
"You lie!" The alien yells furiously. "I can sense at least two in this building! You will tell me where they are, or I
"No," Tony says to their unspoken question, "I never saw a glowing orange stone or anything of magical origins while I was being... interrogated."
Tony smiles, a warmth fluttering in his chest. No one’s asked him except for her, and he kind of loses it like a dam that’s too full and falls apart from the pressure, he breaks.
His road to redemption began by seeing a therapist to work on his adaptation to modern society and culture, on his PTSD, on his relationship issues, and something the therapist called his “de-rooting” and letting the past go.
“No? I literally just made that up. Swear. Uh. What little girl? And is she in a mental institution?”
Tony laughs, “Well, I thought for a while that I’d never be able to leave this behind, but now…” He glances down at his belly, “...I think it would be better if I weren’t involved.”
The alien lets Tony lie there, though, but crouches down next to Tony's head. "The pheromones of your race are very disconcerting," he murmurs, "it is almost as if I can not help but want to assist you."
She gets what he's saying instantly. Luckily, Cho has foresight and always comes prepared for any situation. She digs in her bag that she left on the counter. "Here," she tosses a vial at him and he catches it. He manages to down it in one gulp before one of the goons gets close and forces him to his knees.
“Oh, that’s right, Steven Grant Rogers, I know you were fucking him. I also know that you took bond-breakers without telling him and left him to suffer withdrawal symptoms without even knowing why. You’ve made me very, very angry, Captain.”
"'Spider-kid'," Tony chuckles quietly and shakes his head with amusement. "Yep. And Pepper, too, I guess? Technically?"
“That’s…” The tension seems to drain right out of Steve’s body and he smiles nice and bright. “Thank you. That’s wonderful. I’m glad.”
Steve feels as if he’s been dismissed, so he gets up from the chair with contrition and shame clear in the lines of his face and in his body language.
Cho hugs him. He’s almost asleep when he starts talking again. He babbles about Ivan Vanko, dying, the palladium, his father’s voice, the new element, the Mandarin, AIM, Hammer, the Iron Legion, Pepper getting dosed with Extremis (he’d fixed it, of course, and cured it, but that’s besides the point), and the surgery to remove the shrapnel and the reactor (Helen knows that part; she was there).  He talks about the Avengers, how Steve and him had met (disastrously), how he’d flown a nuke into a hole to save everyone, about the nightmares and PTSD that came from that.
“I don’t know everything that happened in Siberia, but I know that he hurt you,” she places her small, gentle hand on his chest and her eyes are filled with meaning, “and you can talk to me.”
He's downstairs sitting on the couch with Vision and messing with designs on his StarkPad-- the news is on TV, the sound is quiet. Vision belatedly looks up for a moment and his breath halts in his chest.
“Mad?” Steve snorts as if it’s the most ridiculous thing he’s ever heard. “I’m… I’m over the moon, Tony, how could I possibly be mad?”
It takes him a long time to regulate his breathing and bring his heart rate back down to normal, not-panicky, levels.
“Oh, and one more thing. If Tony ever deigns to let you into his life as a mate, I want you to always remember that he’s a closet-romantic,” she bends over and whispers in his ear, “and that you don’t deserve
Fury’s glare is terrifying and shuts the super soldier up right away. “You have. You’re lucky the bond was new and barely formed, otherwise one of you would have gone into a coma. Or, worse, gone feral.”
More blasts follow; more bombs. The windows shatter inwards and cover Steve in shards of glass and dust. He blinks and coughs.
“They wanted him to build a Jericho, Fury, did you know that they drowned him while he had to hold a car battery to his chest? Because he was half-dead from shrapnel and open heart surgery with no sedatives or anaesthesia. Fury,” Natasha’s voice sounds close to a sob, “he was
god DAMN that took for fucking ever to write. I am so, so sorry, guys this was truly difficult to get out for some reason... but, luckily, I think I'm back on track.
“Steve,” and his voice is so soft and it’s a struggle to get the words to form, “I– did you read–?” He doesn’t have the energy to ask more.
“Steve,” Sam sam folds his arms and glares, “Tony went there as a friend. You said he attacked you and Bucky.”
The doctor doesn’t answer and instead looks at the monitor where these two blobs have appeared that look a lot like babies. He’ll never get used to seeing them. His own beautiful babies.
It's Rhodey. He just... stares. He looks so put out and jealous, so Jacey dissolves into a fit of giggles.
The supersoldier freezes and turns to look at her. He’s almost standing at attention, as if she was a military commander. It’s funny.
Steve drops by every other day for Tony’s coffee run and does some of the house chores while he’s there.
Jealously swirls deep in Tony’s gut, and he fights to push it down. “How… what’s your secret for long, successful relationships, Jay?” He asks ever so quietly.
The guy can barely stand the guilt of the people who were victims in Sokovia, let alone from his weapons when he still made them. You think he’d be capable of killing Barnes? Who, by the way, he knows is innocent and was controlled and forced to do everything.
"I know," she pats his calf and worries, "I know. You're alright. You can do it. Look at those two beautiful babes, you two really did make gorgeous children."
Fortunately, Steve arrives and he's bursting out of the cab to Tony and Clint in what seems like the blink of an eye.
, Mr. Rogers, is that the compiled list of names would have likely only been known by one person: the writer. And, from what I can make of the fine print, it sounds like Stark did some work on the SHRA behind the scenes in order to ensure that
“Yeah, the PTs want to rehabilate you to make sure there isn’t any lasting damage to your nerves or limbs. You’ll still be on bedrest, but it’ll be very lenient and you’ll be allowed to roam with supervision– just in case. Of course, you are free to leave as soon as the physician clears it.”
They all groan and make the bed creak under their combined weight. Once she has them slightly more alert, she asks them to kindly remove themselves from the bed because Tony would like his space now, please. The Avengers jolt out of their stupor so stupidly fast that more than one falls out of the bed. Tony tries not to laugh, but his efforts are rendered futile when Steve's foot gets tangled in grey sheets. Tony can't himself. He bursts out laughing. At Steve's consequential beet-red blush and pout, he has to hold his sides he's chuckling so hard.
“It sounds cliche, I know, but I really can’t explain what drew my eyes to him. Until I saw what he was doing on his laptop.” She laughs again.
“Please,” Tony rolls his eyes, “what could he possibly accuse me of that would grant him a warrant?”
Her face turns determined. No, she'll make it so they'll be right at his side. For now, though, they'll just all come together. As a team, and as a pack. She won't settle for anything less. Tony deserves the world, and Jacey will make sure that this team gets their shit together. They'll become legends - untouchable heroes - if she has anything to say about it.
) so little faith in him, he hates that he can still get kidnapped, and he hates that he knows that this time no one is coming to rescue him. And, most of all, he hates that it isn’t just his life at risk right now.
So she does. She wouldn’t say she confronts him because she doesn’t, not really. She does kind of just… appear, though, which startles Tony from where he’s tapping away at his StarkPad in the hospital bed.
When Steve knocks on the door and it swings open he doesn't expect it. When he sticks his head around the frame to peek inside he doesn't expect to stumble into a nest. He doesn't expect the scents to smell so... calming and home-like. He gently pads over to the sleeping trio and shakes Jacey awake. He tries to clench down on the jealousy rising in his chest.
He wishes he could make certain for himself that Sir– that Tony– was alright, and would recover, but as it stands? Vision is worried sick.
He crawls to the kitchen and finds a communicator first. He hits call without looking to see what name is highlighted.
“Despite the fact that after you finished puberty you only had very, very minor heats? Maybe a day or two of being erect, sweaty, and feverish? Despite the fact that you’d never really smelled like much of anything your whole life? Especially during and right after Afghanistan when your body went on permament ‘hide-mode’? Then, as soon as Stane dies you get a heat?”
“No,” her eyes wide with fear and wonder, “it is much rarer. Stronger. Cofeted (coveted) by many cultures as being magic. It is truly special… but the punishment… the punishment for laying a hand against one’s uhane hoa is to never be allowed the chance to bond. It– how do you not know zis?”
Tony's back to puzzled again. "I don't understand." His brow creases and his stress is abundantly clear.
“Oh my God, Jacey!” Tony chuckles and the mental image is… it’s crystal clear, which only makes him laugh longer and harder.
Tony is tired all of the time. It shouldn’t surprise him, really, that he feels like such shit. He’d spent a good hour freezing in that wasteland before FRIDAY had shown up with the chopper. He knew T’Challa had followed him, of course, he wasn’t an idiot and he had the best scanners in the world. What surprised him was that T’Challa had made nice with Barnes and helped the two supersoldiers escape while leaving Tony high and dry. Just
Natasha’s surprise seems to increase. She hadn’t missed the glance he’d made. “How mature of you,” she manages through something that feels like a frog in her throat and knives in her chest.
Never mind. He does sound like he hates him. "Be... at my father's house?" Because he owns the place, right? Why can't he be here?
"Destroyed the building's supports," Ugly responds with an infuriating smirk. "You must be the 'doc'. I'll gladly liberate that stone from you now."
she’s doing it on purpose. “Right as I’m about to pay for my ultra-delicious-super-sweet-frou-frou coffee, he barges in and tells the cashier that he’ll pay for my drink to ‘show [me] he’s a gentleman, thank you very much, and not a pervert with an exhibitionist streak.’ Which is basically what I’d said to my friends.”
"Human, I will crush your larynx where I hold you and search this building from top to bottom over your cold corpse. It would be wise to answer me."
(also this fic was at like almost 140 pages before this chapter and that's... what? how did i write a novel without noticing?!)
“Watch me,” she snarls because she’s sick of the bureaucratic bullshit. She’s sick of being screwed over. Not ever again; she knows how the game goes now, and she is a terrible loser.
“I doubt it. That self-righteous, pretentious prick probably still sees it as infringing on his freedom and as the government controlling supers.”
Steve sighed. He moved his eyes from Tony’s face to his body only barely covered by the sheets. The blonde snorted. Typical. From all the people he would end up with. At least Tony was good looking. For some one night stand one never had to see again. Hopefully.
But when I wrote this and consulted my outline, all it says was "make a cliffhanger ending" and I decided that yes, that was a nice yet evil idea.
“Waking up somewhere with somebody is pretty normal after parties. In fact, it’s what the whole stuff is about”, Tony said, sitting on the bed only with his trousers on.
After he felt like Tony had taken everything he had to offer – and maybe even more – he decided to kiss back, to make things more interesting. Both of them enjoyed a good fight. He felt Tony humming into their kiss in approval, felt teeth that sunk into his lower lip, that greedily drunk in every moan and every bit of reaction he offered. His hands still resting on Tony’s tights started moving. He knew where they had to go, knew how do drive the other mad. Tony seemed to know too. Fingers danced over his skin and when he showed not enough of a reaction, he felt nails savoring his skin in a way that made his breath hitch.
He would have recognized her anywhere, but the first thing he really registered (and what gave her away of course) was red hair. Pepper Potts, most likely future homecoming queen, pretty, smart and the second last person he wanted to see today, had just entered the boy’s locker room and eyed him up and down.
“I was quite sure it would”, Sam said and looked at them with a wide smile, “the way both of them tried to kill each other basically screamed for hot, rough sex”
“I’m in”, Bucky settled down on the seat next to Cling, leaving Steve no other choice than to take the lonely chair next to Natasha. “Are there any rules-“, the blonde started.
The music was ear-shattering loud. Like super loud. Unpleasantly, head spinningly, annoyingly loud. Steve was not at all happy with the situation. Thought the real problem was that he couldn’t leave. He wanted to pretty badly, but he couldn’t. Bucky had brought him into this living hell, or better forced him to come here.
“Don’t you dare have sex in there!”, he shouted while Steve could hear Sam’s almost hysterical laughter.
With a bit of luck and alcohol they would probably come up with different things to talks about. Preferably their own love life. He saw how they looked at each other when they thought nobody would notice. And hopefully, if there was something like fairness in this world, they would start a relationship so that Steve could spread out their sex life in public as bittersweet revenge.
“The last time I checked, Tony decided that I was not worth of his time anymore. If he can’t deal with his own decisions, why should I?”, he all but gritted out, glaring at her. She, least of all people, had not right to blame him for anything that had happened. Especially not if she had known the whole time.
He was really getting desperate and yet it took him some time to admit that he was not only in love with a guy he had despised at first but also horribly scared of telling said guy what he felt. His fear kept him from doing what probably was right.
“Sam”, the other answered and answered with a smirk on his own, “looks like we’re going to have lots of fun teasing Steve here.”
“Only one word, Steve”, he whispered and for one moment his lips softly connected with Steve’s before he pulled back a bit. Steve could feel the ghost of the kiss still on his lips. He rolled his eyes, surrendering to the body so close to him.
Pepper stared at him for a long moment, blinking once, twice. She nodded so slowly and Steve was convinced somebody had just turned his life into slow motion. He tried to read her face, figuring out what was going on in her head, why she even thought she had a right to attack him in an empty locker room.
“Oh, don’t look like that. Drink something”, his best friend screamed over the music and went for the first drink that came across his view. Some of the weird colored cocktails.
“Not when you’re playing with Clint and Natasha. They made me do this after all”, Tony giggled and his eyes wandered to Steve’s face that was frozen in shock. He had no interest in playing this game. And no interest in Tony looking at him with bedroom eyes.
“You’re late”, Steve grumbled but he couldn’t help and had to grin. “I know, I stopped the time”, Bucky replied and pointed at his own watch. One of those smart one’s Steve found totally unimportant. Especially since it helped Bucky coming later and later each single day. In a few months, he would be late for dinner and by the next year he would probably just sleep at school.
“Well, then don’t underestimate me the next time”, Tony’s victorious grin was kind of scary, but the others only laughed.
“Fine?”, Pepper echoed, straightening up again, “we have known each other since childhood and I can ensure you he is not fine”
Steve nodded in approval and was surprised how warm and happy he felt as soon as Tony was back next to him.
It would have probably went on like this forever if all had remained the same. But it didn’t remain the same and for the first time, Steve really and truly regretted not telling Tony. Because while he had waited and waited and waited, others hadn’t.
Steve smiled too and he hadn’t lied when he imagined all three of them becoming close friends. Meeting for Halloween to watch bad horror movies. Yes, that sounded like something he could live with.
Tony smiled, his eyes dilated and lips parted slightly. “I’m so sorry”, he breathed out ironically and that was enough to send Steve over the edge of control. He felt the firmness of the grip on his hands increasing, felt Steve’s body pressing him into the wall and then fingers probing at his entrance.
“It’s my very specialty to make you angry”, Tony muttered, trying to collect enough breath to talk properly.
Tony made a quick step, now standing right in front of him, his lips curved up into a sinful and yet challenging smile, his fingers hovering so close over Steve’s body he could feel the warmth of rushing blood.
Grinding his teeth, Steve settled for the less violent version. At least I hoped so. “Bet you’ve never learned anything about manners”, the blonde spit out, angrily glaring at the other. When the whole floor stared at him with the lust to kill in their eyes, Steve realized that insulting Tony Stark was not the smartest thing one could do. Not at all.
Tony shrugged his shoulders indifferently: “I know when people are interested in me too. And you are. When you don’t want to tear me apart. Or it’s both. Hate and desire.”
“Good morning”, Tony stood in the middle of the chaos and looked at him with a contrite expression. Steve just kept staring at him while his still sleepy mind tried to catch up with everything. Tony was standing in front of the stove, only dressed in his pajama pants and a tank top. Steve could see the familiar light of the arc reactor shining beneath. Only then he saw the remains of a pan on the stove melted into dough that mostly had turned into ashes.
Tony behind him cleared his throat, silently mouthing an offended “What the fuck?” at him. He couldn’t fight his gazes automatically wandering to the way Tony’s lips moved and only managed to tear his eyes away from that mouth and the thoughts of what it could do when he found Tony was grinning smugly had him.
“Not a bad character”, Tony corrected and his hand wandered down between Steve’s legs once again, cupping his slowly growing erection, “only the sexually most active”
It took Tony only a couple of minuets to get some staff who would clean the kitchen and inspect the damage. Steve was still sad about another piece of furniture burnt by Tony’s affinity to open fires and explosions. Well, at least their life was never boring when there was no world to save.
He knew that love sickness and heartbreak were only temporary and that his stupid brain was only over-dramatizing something that hadn’t even been a real relationship, neither affectionate nor exclusive. Yet his brain had stopped listening to his commands about two seconds after it learned of Tony’s betrayal.
“You are jealous”, Tony interrupted him, a statement that could have been cruel hadn’t it been a simple statement of fact. Steve felt himself flinch. There was no mockery or tease in it.
And again I failed to update in a reasonable amount of time. As always, I am really sorry. Law School keeps being busy and I recently wrote the first part of this year's exams. Luckily, stress makes me more productive than free time and it got me to write the next chapter.
He buried his face in the other’s body, inhaling the scent and bathing in the warmth. Steve hummed contently, his thrusts still rough and deep and hard but also intimate, slow. Tony felt his hand slipping free from the other’s grip and instantly wrapped himself around Steve’s body, his arms pulling them so close together their bodies fit against each other like pieces of a puzzle. He moaned, deeply content. Steve only pressed him closer, his one hand steadying Tony’s body against his, right where it belonged, the other hand moving down to rub over Tony’s straining erection, timing it with his own thrusts, bathing them both in shared pleasure. When their lips entangled in another heated kiss, slow and long and burning, it was enough for Tony to send him over the edge, leaving his while body shuddering through the aftermath of his orgasm and his mind swimming in pleasure. He felt Steve’s breath, then the urgency of the other’s movement, the way Steve’s thrust grew more and more erratic. All it took for him to come was Tony moving back against his thrusts once again.
“We’ll see”, Steve’s voice had that dark note again. He liked hearing it, enjoyed the control and the power it gave him.
“For God’s sake, put that journal down”, Steve spat out frustrated and when Tony chuckled unimpressed, he reached over and literally ripped it out of the other’s hand.
“Oh, we’re glad Bucky is this persistent”, his dad’s lips curled into a smile and there was another meaningful look between them. It seemed likely they had put all their hopes of Steve finding friends in Bucky.
This time, he was gifted with another of Tony’s long, intense stares that made him moan and whimper all at the same time. He had never met a person before that could give looks like this. It was not exactly a dirty smile. It was suggestive and so very, very promising. And it went with hands that finally opened his trousers and lips that danced over his treasure trail. It felt like a relief and even more torture all at the same time.
Steve had thought that maybe, maybe the thing between him and Tony was special because they were close to each other, but it was nothing in comparison to the apparently happy couple in front of him. He suddenly felt sick. Steve should have known he wasn’t the only one, wasn’t in a real relationship. And yet it still felt like his heart was ripped out. He felt betrayed and as much as it shocked him hurt. He swallowed thickly and his throat suddenly felt very, very constricted. His voice was rough when he spoke and Sam looked at him with a worried expression.
The next days were hell. On one hand because his hangover was worse than ever and on the other because he had to attend school every day, saw Tony at lunch, his car parked outside, the remaining posters asking Pepper out. It felt like a slow, painful torture someone had come up with just for him.
“Natasha?”, Tony slurred, “what do you have for me?” She furrowed her brows, exchanging glances with both Clint and Bucky. Then her face spread into a mean grin. Clint started to grin too. There seemed to be some secret communication between them. It was scary and Steve got the weird feeling that whatever Tony would have to do would indeed involve him.
My exams are over too so I had time to go over it again. I hope you enjoy because I definitivley enjoyed writing it!
“I don’t think you are allowed to be in here”, he argued, somehow glad that he was still fully clothed even though under her stare he did feel naked.
So, he was sitting there, slowly taking sips from the alcohol in front of him, burning down his throat, and thought his life over and over again. There was no way to make it look better than it was, to ease away the betrayal.
Anyways, I tried to empty my schedule a bit so I’ll have more time to work on the next chapter and also some free time to have a social life again (and pick a university)
“So, darling”, Steve hissed, one half of him playful, the other one determined, “either you get out of this walking insult or there won’t be sex. Steve shot him his sweetest, however scariest smile and now it were his lips ghosting over Tony’s skin, stopping only shortly over his lips. Oh god, how Tony had needed this. Still needed it. He heard himself moan hoarsely and felt how need flooded his body. Self-control was not his best virtue, a fact that he came painfully aware of when Steve was so close, so hot and so utterly gorgeous.
Steve hated the mockery in the other’s voice. He felt Tony leaving his lap. His body immediately craved for the missing warmth and his hands let go off Tony’s waist only with a slight hesitance. The brown haired recognized it, his face turned into a knowing smile but he silently turned away, waiting for Steve to follow him. This would have been the moment to say no, to turn around and walk away from this craziness, this madness. However, he was longing for the Tony’s body and there was something else that simply pushed him to go. The competition maybe that had started between them.
“At least my partner can pay for a new kitchen after he ruined the old one”, Steve teased and turned around. Looking at his once beautiful kitchen really hurt him. Thought he was not really angry. Something like that tended to happen a few times a year since Tony had moved in.
Steve tried hard not to agree with Tony, but he had to admit that Tony was – at least for the way he preferred sex – not completely wrong. However, he felt not like admitting it. Not to Tony.
“We pretend, for fuck’s sake, it started because I was annoyed by all the people molesting me for being popular and rich”, Tony came closer, the smile on his face grew further.
"Not exactly. It's an on/off thing. She's stunning and smart but she can be really tough if she wants to. They break up now and then only to be back together a few weeks later. It started in freshmen year. After their last fight, nobody expected them to become a couple again", he tried to explain and it almost worked expect Steve should have known and it made everything worse.
“We’ll see. But as soon as somebody even tries to make fun of me I’m gone.”, Steve threatened, but a smile crossed his face. “Have fun getting lost then. I’ve already picked you up twice from some tube station at the end of the world”
“No need to be that shy”, she laughed and raised an eyebrow, “did he pay you to come here? Because that would be against the rules.”
“Considering all the things you’ve done, I’m surprised to see you embarrassed and scared of other people’s opinion.” Steve only snarled and then left the room. He was not scared of the other people’s opinions but he despised being the centre of public rumors. All he wanted now was some quiet because the chance of finding any friends in this big, cold city was about zero. And he definitely preferred being alone over being part of the “People Tony fucked”-list.
His mother chuckled and his dad’s posture relaxed a bit. “We’re glad you agree with us on this. We only want to make sure you don’t make wrong decisions.”, his mother smiled at him and to Steve’s absolute horror, there was still curiosity in her eyes: “Now that we can be sure you won’t make any mistakes, how was your first interaction with actual people?”
Tony said on one of the benches, reading another scientific journal. When he looked ip, there was absolutely no surprise in his eyes. “I started to thought your courage left you”, he commented and got up, scanning Steve’s body, then licking his lips. “I’m glad you considered my offer”, he stated and moved closer.
Tony’s kisses continued, his hands wandered from Steve’s shoulders over his body, exploring every inch of it. Or at least every inch he could get through the clothing. Steve could feel the heat radiating from the other’s body, could feel his own heat and need. He could also sense the other’s stares, most likely amused, maybe shocked. But mostly amused. It must be a fabulous show.
Sam let out a sight. His eyes were sad now. “You know, I’m only worried. Don’t know how you’ll react. Pepper is- she’s- She had a thing going on with Tony for multiple times.”
Steve tried not to look at him but it was too hard and when he did his face flushed in embarrassment. He was not ready to process that he had slept with Tony Stark - twice. It felt like everything had happened ages ago and now he was much more mature and couldn’t understand how he let himself go in such a way. There was some weird fight going on between them, one of dominance and control, thought he couldn’t explain to himself why. It was simply something that started when he had seen Tony the first time. The other seemed to have something that drove Steve crazy. And maybe also something that deactivated the brain of normal thinking persons. He considered what Natasha had said, that there was something like hate on first sight. Maybe it had been that. Nevertheless, it had been wrong. And idiotic. And so wrong.
The crowd started laughing and whispering and some of the brave ones dared to come up with mean stuff on their own. Steve felt his face redden and could hear his knuckles cracking so hard did he try not to beat anybody. And beating meant in this case a serious injury by somebody who had to chop wood since he was old enough to handle an ax (old-fashioned parents for sure).
“What I did to him?”, Steve just repeated, dumb folded. Then, after a few second, his brain kicked back in. “You are here to tell me I am the asshole in this story?”
“And I thought you don’t swear”, Tony interrupted him, a playful smile on his lips, “am I corrupting you?”
“Good. It would have been a shame otherwise”, Tony looked at him, a grin playing on his lips. He seemed to be himself now, self-confident and loud and a lot of trouble. But then the grin spread into a smile and with a sigh, Tony settled back into his arms.
“Hungry?”, Tony asked and his lips once again connected with Steve’s, this time only for brief seconds. “What about that: I invite you to breakfast while I get someone to clean up this mess?”, he offered.
“If”, he begun, his voice still husky, “if I should decide to get rid to it, I get sex. Every day. Twice.”, Tony demanded with a Cheshire-cat like grin.
Bucky shot another glance at Sam, who looked equally helpless and sighed. There was some terrifying determination in his eyes when he turned around to face Sam. Steve wasn’t quite sure what all of this was supposed to mean when-
“You don’t curse, darling”, Tony’s breath felt hot on his face and Steve couldn’t suppress the moan this time as the other’s hand pressed against his crotch.
“I don’t-“, Steve had to press his lips together as Tony’s fingers slipped past the hem of his trousers.
“Not at all”, Tony breathed out, surprising Steve once again. Tony’s fingers clenched in the sheets and still there was hunger in his eyes, in his every movement. “So why don’t you put a bit more effort in? I’ve been fucked better.”, Tony’s smile was condescending and challenging all at once, his raised eyebrows spoke of an amazing body control after all, his tiny grin drove Steve crazy. He literally wanted to pull him apart.
It sounded like himself and not like himself. Tony chuckled contently and hummed around his cock, sending even more friction over his skin, making his body shiver and shudder. Steve felt the tension between his legs intensifying, his breath hitching, his heart racing. He could warn Tony- could. But Tony seemed to know, his hands pushed Steve’s hips down, keeping them still while his head kept bobbing up and down. It drove Steve right on the edge.
The blonde laughed harshly and winked at Sam: “Fight is the word you’ve been looking for. We basically tried to kill each other”
“But on the other hand, you got to repay Tony for him acting like an ass all the time”, Sam teased, “if rumors are right of course.”
Steve was once again glad to have them. It felt good to be able to talk to somebody because fuck, he hadn’t expected this to hurt so much. He remembered the first time he had met Tony, how much he had despised him and now he felt like he wanted to punch him for a whole different reason. Heartbreak just felt more stupid this way.
“I won’t do such a thing as crawl or beg because you want to fuck me”, Steve replied, and this time he was much more determined as before.
“Well, that’s not my problem”, Tony laughed and took another bite of his donut, his free hand looking for Steve’s.
Sam. Bucky. The only two things that were good about his life right now. His evening at the bar at been shitty, or at least the part he could remember before being drunk completely. Theirs had been nice. Steve was very aware of the way their touches had grown more intimate now, how they leaned into each other sometimes. They were still far away from admitting that thought. But it was there, on display, making Steve happy and jealous at the same time.
Bucky shrugged his shoulders: “Maybe we ask him something about his not-existing love life?”, his voice was full of irony.
“You will”, the bragging, self-confident, arrogant playboy was back, “and I’m waiting for it. One shouldn’t give a good fuck away.”
First, he felt his naked skin covered by soft and cold silk blankets, then his foot brushing slightly against the bare skin of somebody else. Steve’s breath hitched and he opened his eyes carefully blinking. It took its time for his sight to adjust to the light and the headache to stop his thoughts from spinning. Somewhere between his violent blinking he could sense the other body lying next to him. When his view was finally clear, he tried to scramble away immediately, his whole mind paralyzed in shock.
"Remember you said that when you can't walk tomorrow", Steve said, his voice darker as he had ever heard it before. When his arms snapped up and settled on Tony’s waist, forcing him to hold still, he could see Tony’s eyes covered in shock and surprise.
"Oh, I see", fingertips wandered like ghosts over his breast, deeper, drawling little circles, admiring the muscles they could feel, "you have dignity/self-respect" a little, provocative laugh escaped Tony. When he moved back again, Steve let the breath go he had held without recognizing it. He so much hoped for this to be over. No way he was going to do anything with Tony Stark. He was appealing, sexy, seductive, but there was no way he was going to be turned on by the guy who bullied him all his days in school.
The next chapter (already written as this one was for what felt like months) will Feature another new character. I hope all of you want to meet Sam  ;-)
“What about we continue to play?”, Clint offered and leant forward in his seat, “I’ve some absolutely unique ideas in my mind. And I don’t want another fight between those two.”
“What is going on?”, he blurted right out, not caring if any of them felt offended. He really, really needed to know. Bucky shot Sam a panicked glare Steve caught and Sam’s hands started to nervously play with the fabric of his shirt.
Tony still wasn’t looking at him: “Oh, I’ve realized after 5 minutes that you had your far share of romantic adventures. I was more concerned because you don’t like me.”
Steve almost lost himself completely in the other body, in their joint ecstasy. He still felt every movement of the other, felt how Tony was pulling them so close their joint movement was close to pain, but in a way so exquisite he was closer to his orgasm than ever before. He started stroking Tony’s erection, sensing how he was close too. His body was tense and demanding, still so eager it move with every one of his thrusts. When Tony’s lips met his and there was nothing than heat and closeness and Tony’s body beneath him, all around him, he felt himself losing control, completely letting go of everything but the pure longing, the pure need.
Tony must have picked something because music started to play and Steve stretched his neck to see the title that flew quite dramatically into the screen. It was something about superheroes and villains trying to conquer earth.
When Steve woke up, his whole head was spinning. He sighed and shot his eyes closed again, grateful for the calming darkness. That was before two realizations hit him.
There was an awkward moment of silence before Tony asked way too excited and with an enthusiastically attitude: “Do I get payback for the last days?”
Steve didn’t respond. Well, not with words at least, he pressed Tony’s body back in the sheets, making him stay there, towering above him with all the strength and the advantage his height gave him. Tony only raised a challenging eyebrow. Steve snarled. His teeth connected with the sensitive skin of the other’s neck, biting and drawing blood. He heard Tony hissing and kept tearing the soft skin until he was sure he had proved his point.
his. Rhodey followed not long after, killed by the Captain during a mission while Tony could do nothing but watch his best friend be broken in two, all but
“Yes, Sir?” The man’s oldest and dearest invention replies, disembodied voice already calming him - and if he hears it’s concern, neither of them say anything about it.
“Okay, okay you two mad scientists, how about we gives your Pops space? Y’know since he just bounced his fine tush back from another reality?” Steve isn’t sure how his smile widens, but it does as he whips his head around to look over his shoulder as Tony - as
is Tony’s only thought, from having his head forced beneath water to falling through space, somehow he’s being suffocated and torn apart all at once, and for the life of him he just. Can’t. Fucking.
Steve snatches Anthony into his embrace, trying to calm to swelling tears and choked speech, “Anthony, you don’t have to-”
tolerate was Tony’s attention being cast elsewhere - not even for a split second. Tony stares up into raging pools of azure, the blond curled over his form,
Unfortunately, about a month later, Steve’s need to protect his pride came back to bite him in the ass. Clint had squawked like a dying rooster when he’d come back to the Tower, only to discover all his possessions covered in purple glitter. And
A young man jumps into the clearing, giving Tony enough breadth that they don’t bump, but starts dancing
“I don’t believe you are, Mrs. Chavez. I’m pretty sure you just have a brunch of trouble makers on your hands,” Steve grins at the kids tittering amongst themselves, some embarrassed while others grin proudly.
caressing the buzzing skin of his cheek; Steve. Stark looks up and is met with gentle blue eyes, Steve’s thumb gently brushing over his cheekbone, still throbbing from the strikes, but felt
like my Steve - take away the beard and change the haircut - so it wouldn’t be much of a leap f’er me to assume that there’s another version of
. “Okay, not the end of the world,” Steve swipes down on the screen to reveal the shortcut menu options, taps the icon to send out the Avengers distress beacon, and knew he’d just have to bide his time until the team (if not Tony himself) picked up on the signal.
, we’re just sitting here eating Thai and sipping on root beer! I have a reputation to maintain, I'll have you know, Not-So-Wholesome-Rogers.”
“Well, gee, you pulled out all the stops on your rescue mission, Cap,” Tony sneers - he can’t help it, he just wants to be alone, is that so wrong? - and peeks behind Steve for effect. “Let me guess, Thor’s parking the car?”
Tony wraps his arms around Steve’s thick shoulders, clings to the man as he’s picked up off the bathroom counter and soon gently lowered down onto the mattress that sends aches through him with it’s familiarity, but doesn’t
It took about a split second before Tony barked a laugh, “oh please, Rhodey dared me to wear the Frank N. Furter costume to our graduation ceremony. I did it, proudly. With heels.
Tony forces out a laugh, it’s wet and weak, and he hates it but it speaks a truth he tried so hard to conceal.
He brushes the thought away. So what if he was showing off a little? Tony wasn’t exactly playing fair, either.
was making his insides flip, and flip is pretty impressive ways. Impressive enough that he made a mental note to ask Banner to check for permanent damage later.
the moment he surges forward, effectively all but smashing his head against Steve’s. The two reel back in pain, clutching their foreheads for dear life until the throbbing subsides - for Tony, it feels like a millennia until the jackhammering within his skull dissipates, and finally calms into his routine migraine that sits on his head like a crown he never fucking asked for.
his mind had cruelly snickered in those moments of silence. He remembers the feeling of panic that begun to stir back to life in his gut,
of us...and one night Wanda came into my room and told me what your biggest fear was; Pepper called me the next morning.”
he still recalled the way his stomach turned as he watched Tony’s face turn from tenuous hope to abject disappointment, and was quick to continue.
” Pepper’s rapid fire questions almost make Tony’s head spin, he should have known better than try to get one over on her - she knew him almost better than he knew himself.
“I’ve informed Ms. Romanov,” the A.I. replies a few moments later, and even as just a bunch of ones and zeros, JARVIS was more than certain his inventor and the Captain don’t hear him when he adds, “but she says she knows you’re going to be late, and will therefore just order one of everything to be, as she says, ‘safe’.”
to hate flying, and some days even a ride in the quinjet would become too much. After all, the last time Steve had been on a plane, he was sending it into nose-dive into the Arctic. Aiming for untouched snow that he knew would give way to unimaginably cold, ink-black waters. He still remembers, the moment
the fact that by his own hand - or at the hands of another - he could prevent himself from further harming those around him...it was calming.
Steve remains silent as he guides Tony back into his bedroom, seating him on the bed before leaving for the kitchen once more; he never denied it. Tony changes slowly, trying to find some plausible reason for Steve’s silence, but continues to come up blank. Pulling on a black Henley, boxers, and gray sweatpants the brunet pads towards the kitchen, taking a seat at the kitchen island and stares at Steve. The silence between them is almost deafening, enough Tony would swear up and fucking down that if he reached out he’d be able to grab it. The brunet tries to speak, a few times, but each time words fail him until he forces out the one thing his mouth is able to make verbal.
The world insisted Tony was a cold and calculating person, and sometimes, the man himself agreed. But Steve knew better. He couldn’t explain how or why he was so steadfast that Tony
, I really think it’s the damned smile he had when he did it that had me fallin’ for him…the Sharif hat didn’t hurt either, though.”
even when Tony felt as though he’d given all he had - somehow, Steve was always able to scrape more out of him.
“If you take my baby, I’d personally drag you to every party I know about”, Bucky dared, but he broke into laugher a few seconds later. Most likely he imagined Steve standing awkwardly in the middle of the dance floor.
Steve’s breath hitched and his eyes widened in panic: “There’s nothing on Facebook or Twitter, isn’t it?”, his voice was unstable and shaking. If Tony made any of these public, he would personally kill him. Slow and painful.
The ending is a little bit sudden because I decided to make two chapters instead of one (mainly because the second part of this isn't finished and uploading this took way to long already)
“I haven’t said ‘yes’”, Steve corrected but the other only laughed. It was a dry laugh. Tony knew madly well, what he wanted and how to get it. And he was an incredible tease.
The drinking was when it all went to hell because of course, from all the bars they could have picked in this whole city, they ended up being in the same one as Tony Stark.
It felt like he could breathe freely for the first time in ages. Tony was not only affecting his way of thinking but also his behavior. Unbelievable. Having left the flat and having freed his mind from whatever had occupied it (maybe Tony’s ass because damn, he couldn’t stop looking at it), the utter shame and embarrassment flooded him.
I also wanted to say that the opinion of Steve's parents about rich people is not my opinion. I think they have a lot of biases, but it is only part of the plot and nothing else.
“You know what so say”, Steve purred against Tony’s bare flesh. Tony’s body trembled, and his eyes flattered closed for a second. “Bastard”, he snarled and his muscles tensed. Steve felt it and wondered what was coming next. He was taller and stronger than Tony. Thought Tony was wicked. It was the split of a second, a harsh movement, hands that pushed him forward and sent him falling. He could feel his body hitting not the cold floor as expected but the soft layers of the bed he had seen from the corner of his eye previously. Tony hovered over him now, his smirk was as cunning as it was mean. Tony’s fingers dug into his chest, is crotch rubbed against Steve’s.
Every time Tony’s fingers scratched over the skin of his inner tights, every time they left thin, angry marks there, every time he had to sulk in his breath like he was drowning, he let out tiny pleas. Tony loved it. His lips curled back into a self-content leer every time he managed to make him beg, every time Steve closed his eyes in silent bliss. At one point, he realized that he had started to touch Tony, his hands roaming over the other’s body, demanding release in this very different way. When it was Tony who moaned this time, his sinful lips forming a silent ‘oh’, Steve knew he had accomplished his mission.
“No, no details!”, Steve was close to jumping from his chair and putting a hand on Sam’s mouth, “we are certainly not discussing any details in public!”
Steve snarled and wondered if there was a possibility to just forget about this. Or to get rid of Tony (in a way that did not involve him going to prison).
Sam gave him a quite annoyed, playful angry look: “That’s what everybody thinks. However - wait until we’re chased by some weird chainsaw scotching serial killer. Then we’ll see who is outrunning whom.”
“You really had to do this, don’t you?”, Steve asked as his breath had stilled to an acceptable level, his voice raw from the screaming and his body still shuddering from the previous sensations.
"No I don-", Steve started, but Bucky interrupted him. He should have known that Bucky would say yes in the split of a second.
“I’m begging you, please let me come”, he muttered, sounding desperate as well as angry. However, it was enough. He felt friction again and his muscles tensing and white heat and hot pleasure when he came. Tony hadn’t moved an inch, swallowing everything with a smirk on his lips one could see clearer than ever. He retreated lazily, Steve panting on the bed, still with stars in front of his inner eyes. Tony now looked like a cat that had eaten canary: really, really content. He slowly licked his lips and it was basically the dirtiest thing Steve had ever seen. Quite obvious it had to come from Tony.
Barton doesn't sound like he hates him, which is another oddity occurring on this very, very odd day he's having.
Another contraction and Tony yelps and squeezes Jacey's and Steve's hands so hard they hear the fine bones grinding. The midwife immediately checks dilation once it's over.
“Yes, I– I apologize, I seem to always forget. Ms. Danvers, I thought I might ask if you’d like to be on the team.”
Tony feels a little defensive. "Hey, Bruce was there, too, alright? And technically, I think Ultron created itself? Thanks to the mind stone's... nudge. But, yes, I was... experimenting. That much is true. I just didn't think it would work, and it wasn't supposed to, either."
"The boy. That's what I'll call him. Edwin, for - for Jarvis, and Marion for Maria - my mother." Tony's voice is thick with emotion.
She exhales a deep breath, and berates herself for always trying to fix everyone’s problems. “Well, Steve,” she says, “I think you’re off to a pretty good start.”
"Stark International" is... intriguing. It's not that Tony had never thought to branch out, or even that he doesn't have contracts with other countries, but it's interesting that this Stark decided to change the company's name after his Vietnam--what? Not the Middle East?-- debacle. Though, as Stark tells it, his... accident... came from a land mine and not a missile. And then made a new company, Stark Enterprises, after Obie acquired the company--Stane International, really?--but Iron Man convinced Obie, or Hammer--it's unclear--to hand back over Tony's assets. And, also, Iron Man was a secret identity, which made it/him a separate entity. Ha.
“What? Is there something wrong?” Panic seeps into his voice and Tony literally can’t handle the stress right now.
Doc McStuffins merely nods and walks closer. Tony tries not to flinch. “Did you just call me the name of a little girl who speaks to stuffed animals she thinks she brought to life?” The guy’s face gives nothing away, but his posture does. Tony definitely went too far.
Arthur isn’t there to greet her. She didn’t really think he’d be, but sometimes she forgets that he’s… busy. She sits down in one of the seats in the terminal and presses her fists into her eyes. She tries not to cry.
“What did you call me?” The man’s using a dangerous tone that suggests Tony may have made the man reach the end of his rope.
Mostly I wrote this because I needed to blow off all my anger and feels and idk I needed a way to work it out, no idea where this idea came from actually, but I figure I'll share it because maybe it'll help someone else out with their feels/
He’s at the door when the rumbling starts. He hears it before he feels it. “No,” he whispers, “not again.”
Tony sniffs. “The overrides were… a… a hope. Hope that you’d change your mind, and I couldn’t... those codes represented the only family I’d ever truly had. Changing them meant that I’d have to face the music. I couldn’t bear to do it. I couldn’t. It was torture already having you always look at me and
Clearly, his body had thought that it had much bigger things to worry about than reproduction. So, he'd been heat-less for about eight years. His twenty-first birthday had quickly flushed any ideas of family down the drain. He'd been hospitalized for alcohol poisoning—go figure—and the doctors had done some blood work, for some reason. When he'd woken from his two-day coma and having his stomach pumped, well, the doctors had been
Tony sighs out and flicks through the TV channels to find something to watch. He still hasn't settled on what to watch when FRIDAY announces that he's got two visitors.
“It’s okay, kid, Jacey is… well. She’s my shrink, I guess.” Tony sighs and rubs his face. “She honestly shouldn’t be working in a shitty office like that, under the employment of some manager; she should have her own business, frankly.”
“That,” T’Challa says miserably, “happened approximately four hours ago. The US government has not received any ransom demands. But, considering they were arresting him, I doubt they would pay it.”
Jacey grinds her teeth and looks furious. “Dammit.” Then her eyes go wide and she looks as though some puzzle pieces have slotted in to place. “Tony, after he died did you experience something that might have been a heat but was too minor– maybe a low-grade fever and more of a sexual appetite?”
"That's what I had to do in my world, at least. The government wanted full control of the Avengers-- everything publicly-controlled, but I came up with something we could all live with. Hopefully. Maybe. At least with the Accords we could have 'one hand on the wheel'," Tony smiles ruefully at Natasha's painful reminder.
Tony barks out a wet laugh at the matching tears sliding down her cheeks. “Arthur’s gonna get mad at me for making you cry,” he sniffles.
He crouches down to look over Tony and Tony is surprised to see how much emotion there is in his blue eyes. They're a slightly different blue from his Steve's, but they're still undoubtedly Steve's. He feels his heart thump in his chest.
He makes grabby hands for the bottle, and Cho giggles. “Here,” she waves the bottle under his nose and finally Tony can
Tony is panicking. If Rhodey could smell him than these guys will be able to eventually. He can't have that. He turns to look at Cho with wild eyes and shaking hands. "Cho," he starts, "blockers–"
She is understandably angry, so she goes to the gym where she knows Rogers will be. He’s beating up a punching bag when she arrives. She pauses and watches for a moment. It’s clear that he’s not at all paying attention or trying to better his skills. He’s taking out all of his frustration on the object and that’s all.
Rhodey, the ass, thinks this is hilarious. Tony might’ve thought it was funny too, once. You know, when he wasn’t doped up on painkillers and feeling like he was slowly dying. It’s two weeks later and the
“We’re just outside of Sergelen. Zuunmod is the closest city, but the hospital there is...questionable. Ulaanbaatar is a far better choice, but 60 kilometers is… a great distance for one in your condition.”
Now he asks nicely, Tony thinks somewhat glibly. "Dunno, Squidward. Thought the Doc had 'em," he unintentionally responds.
“What? It is! That dumbass Killian could’ve saved me some headaches if he hadn’t decided to fuck around with people’s genes on a molecular level. Honestly, who the hell thinks it’s a good idea to rewrite someone’s DNA?”
Steve’s eyes are widening in horror and realization. He’s ashen white and shaking when he tells Tony that’s he got to go now.
40th birthday party when I was slowly, slowly dying from, ironically, the thing that was keeping me alive. God, is this some big cosmic joke? Am I being punked? 'Cause it's very not funny."
He’s still feverish with pneumonia and bronchitis when the shipment comes. He’s got bags under his eyes and the bruises still aren’t healing properly. Well, Doctor Cole thinks it’s because his immune system is preoccupied with two illnesses and doesn’t have time to worry about a couple of scrapes. That’s great. Until those start to get infected too. He thinks he hears someone mention the possibility of blood poisoning occuring, but he’s high on morphine and antibiotics, so he can’t be sure. He doesn’t tell Rhodey.
Jane notices Tony's disquiet and weary manner almost right away. She tries to comfort him. It doesn't work. He trudges out of the room and into the nearest elevator. If he doesn't remove himself from the situation he's going to end up making a very embarrassing scene. He thinks Stark wouldn't like these so-called friends of his to see his double brought so... low.
All the Avengers have visited him since he’s awoken from… well, he guesses it would be apt to call it a coma. He was surprised when they visited. He was even
“Yeah. Did you know, Steve, that he can’t take baths anymore? That he can’t stand to be in the shower for more than a few minutes? That he has nightmares every night about Afghanistan and about Obadiah Stane? About New York and the portal?” She’s only looking at him, but Steve feels as if she’s accusing him of something. Steve’s feeling a lot in those moments, actually. It feels like guilt and sorrow and self-hate. It feels an awful lot like he’s made a terrible, miserable mistake. It kind of tastes like vomit.
“I figured it out, yesterday. When I… never mind, but he’s got this… syndrome, I guess you could call it. It’s rare, but it has a tendency to pop up in trans-alphan men. Like Steve.”
“Tolerant? Aw, you’ve got a sense of humor. Excellent. I’ve always wanted an audience to laugh at my killer jokes.” Tony grins.
In which Tony kinda helps the Avengers become a team again, solves their biggest problem-- All in a day's work. And maybe he figures out what Jacey sent him there for, too.
was-- like ridiculously incomprehensible." Disbelief and shock are still coloring his features and widening his eyes.
Steve folds his hands and looks down; his expression odd. “I don’t remember the last time I saw Tony laugh,” he murmurs.
So some of you expressed concerns about Tony no longer being omega, but let me assure you: he still is. However, throughout his travels his body will acclimate to whatever world he's dropped in on so as to better fit in. You can just think of his o!status as becoming... dormant.
Jacey purses her lips. She’d told Steve yesterday, quite clearly, what would happen if he ever hurt Tony again, but… the question  is: should she tell Tony what she discovered? She sighs.
Jacey’s smile is large and bright and her eyes are laughing. It’s another one of Tony’s favorite expressions she has.
Steve puts one arm under Tony's knees and one on his back. He lifts him carefully and slowly, and his strength
“Oh? What you gonna do, sugar plum? You gonna take out your fancy knives and make me bleed a little? You gonna stick my head under water? Maybe break a coupla fingers? Honestly, torture is all the same; lacks creativity. It’s such a re-run.” Tony makes to shake his head but thinks better of it on account of his mother-of-all migraines.
"Hey, I'm happy you're letting me up at all, Doc." He raises his hands in mock surrender. Tony swings his legs over the side of the bed and pauses to glance at her again. "What are you glad about exactly?"
“Nothing you’re willing to do. Honestly, you couldn’t just sign a damn piece of paper to make everyone stay together? You all should be ashamed of yourselves. He’s done so much for you, given you
He tells her about seeing that old tape playing in the room in Siberia. He tells her about the road and about… how he’d thought it’d been an accident. Sort of. He’s always believed it was a little strange, and seeing Barnes beat his father to death and then strangulate his mother had confirmed those suspicions. He also knew that it meant Hydra had been behind it, and that Barnes had taken something from the car. Nobody should have known what was in the car, which means that someone tipped Hydra off when and where Howard would be with whatever he was going to give to the Pentagon.
I just wanted to take a quick moment to thank all the readers that have stayed with me from the beginning, and a warm welcome to any new readers that may have recently come aboard. Y'all mean so much to me. Especially the kudos and the few comments that are just so sweet and kind. Really. i so, so appreciate your supportive comments and patience. They're the wind beneath my wings. Or my fingers to the keys as it may be in this case. lol
,” she hisses. She looks directly at the camera and says, “I’ve just received notice that a government agency has broken into the Tower and is taking Tony Stark under arrest. We’ll have live footage on screen as soon as Stan arrives on scene. Stan,” she begins to ask.
She notices that he noticed. She shrugs and gives a wry, weary grin. “I’ve got issues too, believe it or not.”
“You know… you two seem like you used to be good friends. I don’t know what mistakes he’s made, or what sins he’s held accountable for, but I do know that I’m damnably loyal to any true friends I manage to make. I can’t imagine that changes much across the universes.” Tony meets Steve’s eyes brazenly.
“I’m sorry, Captain Rogers,” Jarvis says with a flat tone and icy eyes when Steve’s stepped out of the elevator, “Mr. Stark isn’t here.”
“He did.” She smiles, “He told me that was the easiest promise he’d ever had to make. That was ten years ago.”
“Rhodey?” Tony jumps up and rushes for his best friend. Rhodes is in a wheel-chair, but Tony just plops on his lap and sticks his nose in the crook of Rhodey's neck. Tony sighs happily and inhales as much of the comforting scent as he can.
“Steve, in the conference room,” Tony rambles, “I– when I kissed you–” He’d just wanted to kiss him one last time; had just wanted to feel his warmth and arms wrapped around him just one last time. He didn’t expect–
is wrong with you, Rogers?” There’s a vein popping out on Fury’s forehead and his tone is filled with venom and discontempt.
"I'd like to see a warrant," he bites out to the invaders, "considering you're breaking and entering without probable cause."
“That’s why–– that’s why he didn’t understand what was happening. He didn’t recognize the bond, and when he tried to break it because the bond was
Instead, everything was over before it even began. Dead and destroyed before it even had the chance to be something… spectacular. It’d been something that Tony had sorely needed in his life, but now all he’s got is an empty compound, an empty tower, and an empty heart.
“Tell him to send his message/lecture up with Cho, but under no circumstances is he–” more guts, “–allowed into the elevator or the stairwell.”
Then, Rhodes lifts his nose in the air as if he smells something. His eyes boggle. “Holy shit! Tony! Are you– are you
“Damn. Ugh, God, that is so cliché! Don’t you villainous types have any original ideas? Seriously? Hydra? Lame.”
“Mm,” he wants to rub his stomach and try and feel his babies. He knows he probably won’t for a while longer, but it’s comforting.
It’s fitting that he should wake up in a hospial after all is said and done. It seems that despite not having an electromagnet in his chest, the crippling aversion to hospitals is still ready and roaring.
He keeps whispering sorry into Tony’s ear. The man’s body is trembling with the force of his sobs. Steve’s guilt grows stronger, so palpable he can almost taste it.
“Hey, Cho, what’s up?” He opens his eyes a crack and greets her. He hasn’t seen her since the disaster with Ultron, where she’d been severely injured, but she’d made it through. He’s glad.
Steve runs through the streets and sidewalks to get to the Mansion. He’s made such a huge, egregious mistake. He used to stick up for Tony against the bullies--the naysayers, but instead he became one himself. How could he have--?
“And you suddenly needed to use heat-suppressors and scent-blockers again, right? I’m sure Pepper mentioned a potent smell?”
anyways, i can't say when for sure i'll be out of my funk, but thank you guys so much for being so so patient and kind. i really really appreciate it. really. if i'd gotten even one - errr - unfriendly comment I probably WOULD have deleted my account, but... i decided that because i appreciate y'all so much, I dragged myself out of my slump and told myself "All these ppl read this and commented on it... and LOVE it... this fic is NOT shitty. I can write this next chapter. I can do it." so, yeah, here :-)
Maybe it had become more, a weird kind of friendship, driven by the familiarity they felt for each other - despite the urge to kill one another. But when Steve had seen Tony with Pepper - who was indeed famous for being Tony Stark’s beautiful, smart on-off- girlfriend - he had felt his heart aching. He hadn’t been expecting that. And he felt stupid for not having known before. Maybe he had just refused to acknowledge it because he had liked the illusion of being the only one for Tony.
“I think so”, he muttered and pulled the other closer again. Suddenly, he was afraid of letting go, of letting Tony’s warmth and closeness go away. He was afraid it would never come back. Not this way.
“When did I ever lie?”, Tony asked and his smile was mocking innocence, “I’ve always been honest with you. I don’t like you but that the good think, now isn’t’ it? You don’t have to like the people you have sex with. It even gets better when you don’t like them.”
“I’ll getting a bowl for these”, he pointed at the food supply in Steve’s hand, “you know where the TV is”
Tony couldn’t suppress a greedy moan. It had been far too long. Far too long for patience. He happily moved against the touch, encouraging Steve to go faster, further. Steve complied, his lips crashing on Tony’s once again, their kiss full of hot lust and desire. Tony hummed into it the moment Steve’s finger entered him, his body all too eager to respond to the touch. He still wanted more. He tried to struggle beneath Steve’s touch, connecting their bodies even further. Steve hold him down, stilled him, left him only at the mercy of that single finger curling inside of him, making him see stars.
“Say it”, his opponent breathed out, his voice rawer than before. Steve sensed how the body beneath his worked hard to steady his breath, knew that Tony was trapped and that those were BLAND? Word now without a meaning. He said it anyway because there was no surrender in it anymore, no pride lost. “Please”, he growled before their lips finally collided.
“Nobody ever mentioned it would be soft and tender”, he stated after a particular hard trust that caused Tony to arch his whole body. Steve loved the sight, loved the control. And did it again. He knew it was probably driving Tony mad and by the way the other’s body tensed he was right.
Steve was unable to look away, captivated by Tony's aura. He was impassive, just sitting there, waiting. His mind seemed to have blackout, all his thoughts were solely focused on this swinging hips and the hypnotizing shine in Tony's eyes. He felt like prey that was cornered by a predator, taken aback by surprise, fear and deep inside excitement.
It disappeared the second Tony’s mouth, his little teasing kisses, reached the tip of his chock. He could barely prevent himself from screaming. It felt fantastic in a way it shouldn’t be possibly able to feel. He sulked in enough air for the next sensation to come. Tony shot him another glance. It was another promise. And it was a mean one. When he felt Tony sucking on his tip before slowly, so very painfully slowly, taking more of Steve’s length into his mouth, Steve couldn’t help himself. It was a muffled scream but still it was one and he felt Tony smirk around his cock as a reaction.
Wasting his time? Whilst one part of him wanted to scream at Tony and tell him that he was a jerk and that he was the one wasting Steve’s time, the other part of himself, the one that enjoyed talking to Tony afterwards, the cuddles and kisses that were soft and caring, wanted to tell him. About his jealousy, the fact that he thought he had fallen in love with him. Everything. Thought that was not going to happen. He would not offer Tony Stark the chance to laugh about what he had done to him.
“You don’t tell anyone”, he demanded from Tony, stuffing all his belongings finally in the pouch Tony had given him.
The good thing is I've had time to write the next two chapters (there's a lot of drama in them) so hopefully I can manage to publish them soon.
“You-“, he started, ready to break his own rule of not cursing. Before he could even finish talking, lips met his in a sloppy, daring kiss.
He got one immediately. The other’s eyes followed his every movement and a delightful smirk appeared on Tony’s face. It only spread and became a terrifying yet sinful grin: “I don’t pay them”, his voice was nothing more than an intense, suggesting whisper now. “I make them sign a contract”
They were both spend and exhausted, their clothes and bodies a real mess, but Tony felt so blissfully happy that he didn’t care. He cuddled up against Steve who hold him quietly, his breath growing steadier and steadier. At one point, they simply sunk down against the wall, Tony halfway over Steve with Steve’s arms around him.
“Oh yes”, Steve snarled, “I’m going to prove that on the party of Tony Stark. Oh, wait! He’s the one who gave me that absolutely
He made a step back, crossing his arms while he taped with his foot on the floor, waiting. Tony seemed to have no intention of undressing.
“Mh?”, was all the Steve managed to reply and Sam looked even more concerned than before. Bucky just shook his head once yet his eyes told a very different story from his rather calm demeanor. If Tony Stark now appeared in front of his car, Bucky would have most likely run him over without a second thought. Steve wasn’t sure whether he was glad or sad that this did not happen.
“Let me guess”, he stated and tugged his fingers in the hem of Tony’s trousers, “the next thing you wanted to say was reconciliation sex?”
"We are friends Steve", he continued, voice softer now, "and if you require my time to rant about Stark or to shed tears or drink because you are lovesick, I’m there. One word and I'll call Bucky so we can head straight to wherever you want to go"
By now, he lay awake in the evenings, stared at the ceiling and asked himself why this was so hard. Why he had started it in first place. How he could have been this naive. He had seen enough movies (despite Tony's claims that said otherwise) to know that relationships like theirs always ended in a chaotic mess. At least, the movies managed to make a happy ending out of all this trouble. Movies, not reality. And now it was too late and Steve regretted not having known better.
In fact, all Tony did the next days was display so much happiness it physically made Steve sick. He always seemed to be chatting or laughing with someone, surrounded by his friends, even more popular than usual. He spent his lunch with Pepper, the two of them holding hands, looking perfect. She was laughing a lot too. He hated the sound of her laugh even though he knew none of it was her fault.
Steve only glared at him. No way he was drinking that. He didn’t even know what was in there. Apart from the cocktail’s name. He was about to pass the glass back to the cocktail-serving boy, but Tony was faster. Steve should have known it. That Stark kid was an asshole and he seemed like he enjoyed it.
Well, it's not exactly an excuse but I've been ill (flu ;-( ) quite some time (in which I watched way too much Doctor Who episodes) and then we had roal exams in English.
"You wanna come and play?", he asked, his mouth next to the blonde's ear again and full of suggestive plea.
Steve twists his hands in his lap and looks at Tony with something like... desperate hope in his eyes. "
Pain wracks through his middle and flare up his spine. He whimpers and groans, tears start to leak out of his eyes and his whole body shakes where it's dangling from this asshole's grasp.
“I’m not– I’m not saying this to manipulate you, or anything. I just. I didn’t want it to go unsaid. I… I waited too long, back then, and I lost everything. I didn’t want… I’ve learned my lesson.”
Laura hangs up on him and Clint feels so ashamed and guilty. He almost feels as bad as when Loki’s brainwashing had broken. Almost.
The boy sighs and crouches down next to Tony. Tony grabs his wrist and inhales deeply. “Whoa– what the fuck, dude?”
Clint grits his teeth. "Hey, no. If I've learned anything in all the years we've worked together it's that if I say something when I'm angry and bitter I'm usually 120% wrong. Alright? It probably wasn't your fault, or even if it was, it was probably a bunch of our faults, too."
Fury’s gaze meets the former agent’s and Clint shrinks back. “I cannot believe you idiots,” the man hisses.
... NOW!" He screeches and drops the communicator, so afraid he'll  break it and then have no help coming at all.
Stark purses his lips together until they're pale and bloodless. His jaw clenches and he twists his body to the side.
Her next smile is a bitter one. One that knows burdens nobody should have to carry on their own.  "No. It's more like... destiny. Ironically, the Hulk is a Being too."
“They want all the superheroes to register their full names and identities, fall under the command and direction of a committee designed to keep the heroes in check and liable, and to be in the control of the government.”
Ross sighs and casts a glance over his shoulder to the android, “Well, Ms. Danvers, I thought we could make a deal. Care to sit?” He gestures to the chairs.
Almost like they're trying to dance away from realizing their own faults and mistakes they've made. Only to place them on Tony when the consequences require a checkbook.
“What? I’m just sayin’.” The archer shrugs and then looks to Scott who’s been staring at the dead gortle.
Tony takes a deep, rattling breath and mumbles, “Pietro… is… in Korea...not… dead… tell… W-Wanda, ‘kay?”
“I’m serious. You inspire me to be better.” Steve grins, “My ma woulda loved you. Probably thank you for getting my head screwed on straight,” Steve deliberates, “well. Not straight.”
Tony purses his lips together. He’s not being fair to Wanda. She may have hated him for his many sins back when he was a weapons dealer, and she may have sided with Steve and destroyed part of the Compound on her way out, but-- at the very least-- she wasn’t a supervillain.
“Something about damage control, it doesn’t matter. I’m worried that he’s going to make good on his threats.”
and injured, Rhodes and Cho are probably out of their minds with worry, and the Avengers hate me, but yeah. I’m lucky.”
Steve’s mouth merges into a fine line. A vein ticks and pulses on his forehead. Tony waits patiently and lightly taps his fingers against the table.
to sign. He’s just trying to make the best of a crappy situation, I wish you’d understand that, Rogers.”
“Mostly. There was an electromagnetic interference around this area. The car kept dying, so we abandoned it a few miles out and walked to the compound. We’re only about half a kilometer away. You’ve been asleep for the other six.”
“Protect him from the papparazzi, always have his back, surprise him with the little things, and tell haters to fuck off. You’ll have to earn back his trust and his respect, Rogers, and that’s not so easy when you’ve broken it once before.” She takes a deep breath, “He’s always going to think you might leave. You have to stay and reassure him. No matter what.” Her eyes lock with Steve’s. “Do you think you can do that?”
“Once the angae wore off, and he more or less had his wits about him… he was appalled by his actions, and found he remembered only small snippets of what he’d done as if he was looking through a ‘red haze’, which is where the name comes from,” Jacey swallows. “Steve… Steve wasn’t born with any bond-receptors, Tony, because he was a beta.
already––and he remembers… Cho. Oh. He blinks awake, sees the IV drip, cringes, and looks for a friendly face. He hates hospitals.
The camera is following the cars when one of them blows up. Steve feels a shiver run down his spine and cold dread wind in his stomach. He feels his heart stop when he hears the shout from somewhere off-camera. It sounds wretched, heart-broken, and
Whooshing sounds thread through his ears and he feels another panic attack coming on. Because this isn't possible.
Tony shrugs. What can you do? "So what'd'ya guys got goin' on right now? Anything fun happen recently?"
Her face closes off and he sees her pupils dilate... like her brain's going far away. "Death. Destruction; chaos. Evil." If Tony didn't know better he'd say that she was almost chanting it, or like another voice had layered on top of hers. But, that couldn't be possible.
Blank faces and blinking eyes are all the reaction he receives. "You gotta be shitting me. 3D printing isn't a thing here? Seriously? Jesus, how did I wind up back in the dark ages? Next you'll be showing me your NOKIAs!"
Steve doesn't have the resistance to refuse, so he settles in and sleeps. Promising to himself and whatever gods there are that he won't let Tony down ever again. He resolves to be better, stronger, kinder; more understanding. He'll listen more carefully from now on. He'll be a better leader and a better man. For Tony. It's all for Tony.
“Lucky for you, Mr. Stark, but I’m an obstetrician, and I can actually tell you what I see when I see it. No unneccessary anxiety for the patient who just came out of a coma, no siree.”
“Like you’re about to go into rut,” Wanda murmurs from where she’s leaning against a tree, “but not quite. It’s… different. I don’t know how to explain in English.”
. We're out of time. If he doesn't start pushing, the babies could go into distress. We can't wait anymore!"
Steve gets an odd look on his face. "I'm enhanced and even my sense of smell isn't great enough to pick up smells of individual people."
For a brief moment, he worries about the invasion. About Thanos. But, he's out of time. Like Jacey had warned. Jacey is whispering things in his ears and he feels her tears and eyelashes on his face. She's saying she's sorry and that she's useless. She says she loves him and that she'll miss him. She doesn't want him to leave, like Arthur did. Doesn't want to have another grave to visit because Strange is busy and he's unlikely to be able to help in time. She's sorry.
“Have you told Rhodes of your condition?” She says it more like a statement than a question; he suspects she knows his answer.
“Mr. Stark, I am a very patient man, but even I can become… irritated.” Tony hears a little bit of an accent in his voice. From where he can’t quite tell. “What do you know about the virus, Stark?”
“Alright,” he groans out, “this is the worst hospitality I have ever received. I wanna talk to a manager. This hotel sucks.”
Tony can see a tick in the man’s jaw and his brow furrowing that indicates “Doc’s” anger. Really, Tony should have better self-preservation instincts by now.
That seems to be an incorrect answer because Ugly squeezes harder. Tony coughs and chokes some more. Where are his emergency protocols? His drones? Why are they not activating? What the
Steve bites his lip and his eyes shift down in shame. “Not this time. I’ll even swear on my Ma’s grave.”
P.S. ya'll are so nice to me that I completely forgot I hadn't updated this SINCE JANUARY. NOBODY BUGGED ME. AT ALL. Ya'll are just... awesome. I love you. I've been working on this ch for a coupla months because I was trying to figure out how to work Infinity War into this so that this fic still kinda sorta follows canon like it's been doing.
"I mean," she grabs Tony's hand and squeezes, "two weeks from today, you are going to make a choice. It won't be a difficult one, not for you, but it will... it'll impact your future." She's crying again and she can't say more because the Code won't allow it and her own curse won't let her interfere any more than this. No matter how badly it kills her to not be able to.
“I was not planning of having any relationship”, he stated and again, before he could process it, he added, “I was proved right when I met Tony. He is spoiled and arrogant and I certainly don’t want to be his friend. There is no need to worry. I’ll find somebody entirely flat broke” He couldn’t suppress the smile forming on his lips after his last sentence. He kept joking about it for a while now. Probably his parents would be happier about a homeless than about a lawyer or manager.
“Sometimes I wonder how so different people like us can be friends…”, Bucky sighed and boxed his friend at the shoulder, “I know it’s not your cup of tea, but I know you, and my knowledge tells me that you either need new friends or a relationship. And this party is the best way to prove that you are not a country pumpkin.”
“Because nobody expects us to sit here”, Steve argued and reached for the double chocolate donut Tony had insisted to buy.
“Are you sure you can resist?”, Tony whispered right into Steve’s ear. His voice was raw and seductive and his fingers once again rested on the other’s waist. His grip was probably a bit too firm but he was need and – even though he didn’t want to admit it – desperate.
“Seems so”, Steve replied and the grin on his face was even a tad scary. Tony only laughed, low and husky, his hands already unbuttoning Steve’s trousers. He felt Steve’s body ache with need, similar to the way his body ached with it, knew that they had denied sex to each other for too long for an appropriate foreplay. He pulled the trousers down in one go, his fingers brushing over Steve’s tights and hard-on. He watched the other’s reaction closely as he started to rule against Steve’s erection. Steve moaned loudly, his hands tightening around Tony’s body, his head buried in the curve of Tony’s shoulder and neck.
“Looks like we found the country pumpkin who was supposed to enter our school”, Tony Stark said and his voice was pure venom.
So when I had a bad day yesterday, I finally wrote this chapter (yay!) There’s not that much plot in there (sorry) but some smut (not sorry).
He grinned and winked at the other, his whole body acting with his statement, rubbing against Steve’s. Steve was torn between hating and adoring him. As always. He felt Tony hovering above him once again, controlling his body by being above him and decided that he was not one to steal control from so easily. He clashed their mouths together, partly because he wanted to, partly because he needed to distract Tony somewhat. His hands settled back on Tony’s hips, where they seemed to be most of the time as he had already left red spots, and swapped their positions in one fluent motion, kneeling above Tony now, all innocent smiles. It took Tony only a swift second to adjust to the new situation and within a few moments his face featured a grin again.
Tony chuckled and lazily stretched his body, hissing a bit and eyeing the marks on his waist skeptically. “Leave or stay. Your choice”, he finally stated and there was a lot of curiosity in his eyes.
On the other hand, when he imagined Tony returning his feelings because somewhat the world wasn’t as cruel has he’d thought, warmth spread through his body and a wide smile appeared on his face. It felt right.
Steve missed the water and thick warmth in the air the moment he left the bathroom. He had always enjoyed a long, hot shower. It made his head clear. Something he definitively needed in a situation like this. He couldn’t wrap his mind around what happened. Being drunk and making mistakes - okay. Critical but normal. Being not drunk and making the same mistake again - absolutely moronic.
“Bucky forced me to go. I had no choice in that”, he tried to explain even thought there was nothing really to explain. His parents watched him struggle for a few moments, leaving him at unease, before his mother started her – one couldn’t call it something else – speech. Steve almost knew it by word. It didn’t spare him thought.
The rest of the day was considerably eventless. He could feel more angry glares on his bacl than on the days before, but nobody said something. He guessed that he was to unimportant for a fight or maybe that Natasha had told them to ignore him. After all, it made no difference.
The last two days, the blonde had been lucky to avoid the other’s presence by getting his books at unusual times or by taking his lunch with him. But today, his luck seemed gone. Tony Stark stood at his own locker, surrounded by his loyal fans as always. He frowned and tried to ignore the bad atmosphere. But when you stood next to the school’s richest and most popular student that was not exactly easy. Especially, because Tony Stark seemed to love bragging.
“Is amazing the word you are looking for?”, he asked, still tasting the bitterness of Tony’s cum on his lips and Tony managed to collect himself before he once again went for a wide grin: “Yes, that describes it pretty well”
Well, it didn’t remain a kiss after Tony’s hands were roaming his lover’s body and he could feel Steve’s own hands travelling over his back before they ran up and down his spine. Tony shivered, his body pressed even more desperate into Steve’s, their bodies now pressed against the wall of their room. Steve’s fingers brushed over the hem of his jumpsuit, sliding beneath the fabric. He murmured something, probably condescending Tony’s fashion sense.
Steve only glared at him. “And there certainly”, he paused to underline his words, “will be no sex until you get rid of whatever you like to call clothes”, Steve snarled, “and with getting rid of it I am talking about burning it. Or burying it somewhere. I never want to see it again”
Maybe it was better like that. Maybe Steve should accept that they were not meant to be together, that they were meant to dislike and hurt each other.
Steve ignored him in favor of banging against said door, cursing silently under his breath. He was not going to do this. Hell, he wasn’t even sure what this was supposed to be, why his friends were involved in this. This whole situation was just ridiculous.
“Are you planning on doing something today?”, Tony interrupted his thoughts and all came back. The need, the pleasure of their kisses and touches, the violence of their every movement, the competition of their sole beings. Tony’s fingers brushed, and his grin was way too innocent here, over his crotch before Tony’s other hand on his back got more demanding, probably already starting to mark him. Steve looked at the light hand prints he had left on the other’s body and decided that he was more than okay with some scratching marks on his back. Tony raised another suggestive eyebrow, his lips harshly connecting with Steve’s and his hands clawing into his back. It was an offer as well as an order.
People were crowding in the flat and even thought it seemed large, bodies were brushing against him every step he took. He disliked the closeness of heated flesh to him and the smell of heavy alcohol in his nose. Nevertheless, he couldn’t get away. Bucky seemed to enjoy himself perfectly. Which meant that they were not going anywhere soon.
Steve just stood there. Confused and angry. Natasha whose features seemed to have relaxed, gave him a small apologetic smile: “He hates being ignored. And you did a damn good job acting like he wasn’t even there.”
“Are we starting to be nice to each other now?”, Tony grinned at him, one eyebrow raised while he nestled himself out of Steve’s arms and the sheets that were wrapped in several layers around him.
“I would really prefer us forgetting about this”, he then stated. If he kept looking at the other longer, his brain would either suffer a meltdown or would go offline again. Consequences unclear in both situations. And not desirable.
Steve watched them for about two songs before ordering another drink. There were too many people on the dance floor, too many couples kissing and touching each other.
Steve was so busy staring at Tony in disbelief that he couldn’t suppress a small noise escaping his mouth when Tony’s hand covered his one and intensified his touch.
“Can you think of one reason why I shouldn’t?”, Steve asked with sharpness in his voice. He was about to get up. Tony couldn’t mess with him like that.
There was something flickering in Tony’s eyes but it was gone and replaced by a scowl before Steve could get a closer look: “If you don’t feel like doing this anymore feel free to tell me and stop wasting my time.”
After all sorts of complains, and Steve had made lots of them, Bucky only threatened to give him a fireman’s lift and carry him all the way to the party. That would have been a typical Bucky-thing. And Steve was persuaded Bucky would keep his word. So he had, after begging his best friend to have mercy on him, put on the clothes the black haired had thrown at him. He felt uncomfortable, not because the clothes were scratchy, simply because they were a) not his style and b) not his style. The shirt he wore definitely favored the fact that he had muscular arms and a trained, well-formed upper body, but Steve never exactly cared about his looks and it felt not right to wear something that revealing and showing-off. When he looked in the mirror, only his old-fashioned but beloved hair cut had remembered him of himself.
The moment passed a second later when that arrogant bragger placed an elbow on Steve’s shoulder, lazily leaning onto it: “Bet he’s never been to civilization before”
Tony was trying to get his attention again but he would not be dumb enough to fall for that trap gain so he ignored the elephant in the room until said elephant placed a hand on his shoulder and wheeled him around.
“I don’t know. You’re the one who managed to end up in a bedroom with the guy you almost started a fight with the week before.”
“There is the option to actually talk to me. I am more responsive than that poor door”, Tony suggested behind his back, dry sarcasm in his voice.
He only shrugged his shoulders. He hadn’t been bored. In fact, he had been comfortable somewhat, enjoying the other’s presence even thought they had just somewhat coexisted in this room.
“Don’t you think angry sex is the best?”, Tony whispered in his ear, the Cheshire grin once again playing on his face.
“I have no idea”, Steve admitted, “and I don't care as long as it distracts me from oversized prom posters and painfully happy couples”
He prepared for sharp, condescending words. None of that happened. Tony was laughing, yes, but it was not mean laughter, it sounded relieved – and happy.
Steve did not think him so strong. But his body even though being not exceptional muscular was tense and strong, keeping him securely on his back. He could still move his arms thought. He thought about forcing Tony to change positions, but then decided to wait. It had taken him barely more than two hours before he had heard of Tony Stark’s amazing skills in bed. Who could say no to that?
Tony looked at him, eyebrows still raised questioningly, then back down at his journal. “What about doing something else?”, he suggested and placed the journal on his night-stand.
Steve shrieked. He already felt the urge to punch this guy again. Hard. In his face. Probably also pinning him against that wall. Leaving some bruises. Biting that lips, touching that skin, making-
“Don’t you think you should get a room?”, that was Clint’s voice. He sounded more amused than really indisposed, however, he painfully reminded Steve of the fact that there were people. Not only Bucky or Clint or Natasha, other people. Tony who didn’t stop touching him only smirked, his head turning the slightest bit in Clint’s direction: “It’s my house after all”
Steve was very, very close to giving in. Well, Tony’s offer was not completely unattractive. It was true what Tony said and he couldn’t deny he had enjoyed the roughness between them. When he was only seconds away from saying yes, from giving in, the heat of Tony’s body against his disappeared. He looked up to see Tony backing away, his smirk very, very prominent: “Think about it. I’m already looking forward for you crawling back to me.”
It was a normal day when Sam sat down next to him during lunch break. The only break in normality was that Sam sat in front of his pizza and made no attempt to eat it. That alone being highly unusual, he also kept giving him weird, worried glances. Steve had no idea what could have happened but he clearly sensed something was wrong. He uncomfortably flinched in his chair and eyed his best friend, waiting for some sort of answer. Sam spend another couple of minutes staring at his pizza before he finally faced Steve.
He smirked in a way that made Steve’s stomach curl. “Don’t you dare making this one boring”, he whispered and his nails bit into Steve’s skin while Tony’s body rubbed against his. Steve said nothing, felt no reason to answer to this. He only grinned back. Challenge accepted.
“I am”, Steve replied finally and felt his heart skipped a beat before it kept pounding twice its normal speed. There was no going back now.
“You call that motivation?”, Steve asked with disbelief in his voice, “that’s a nice way to describe it, really.”
“You know that you give me more headaches than all those villains trying to destroy civilization”, he explained thought his voice was soft and the smile on his lips were obvious. He leaned back against the rim of the advertisement they were currently sitting in. Tony sighed happily and settled half against his breast and half in his lap.
“So I wondered what you paid them.” he continued and his fingertips brushed over Tony’s tights teasingly.
“I reject finding a man in a children’s jumpsuit attractive”, he said in his boldest voice and was even himself surprised how determined he sounded.
“I spare my cusswords for special people”, Steve spat out, but he couldn’t suppress the playful smile on his lips. He felt himself reminded of how exactly they ended up here.
Pepper laughed: “The last time I checked, you two had a thing going on, that kind of does make you responsible”
He was nice, certainly, and then Tony just walked past him and send his mind spinning. Probably he had the same effect on the other. He knew only the rumors about Tony’s personality and the small parts of Tony he had seen when they met. His impression was facile and still he felt like knowing that there was something more. Those Cheshire grins and leers, the teasing, it was a big game in which the roles were yet unknown. They were about to find out, if Steve only admitted to himself he wanted it.
“Poison? You would die too", Bucky laughed and simply took one glass filled with green and yellow liquid.
“Have I heard what?”, he asked in confusion. He was not the first one to know the newest gossip like Sam did, nevertheless he kept himself informed. And he could not imagine something that would cause Sam to act like that.
However, here is the next chapter, I hope you like it. And I'm curious what you think of the new characters introduced here.
However, in some tiny, precious but painful moments Steve caught himself wishing otherwise. Sometimes, he dwelled on the idea of him being part of Tony’s daily life, being part of all the stories Tony told about his friends and rarely about his family. He imagined them kissing, holding hands, maybe even doing something as cliché as writing notes during class or celebrating Valentin’s day.
Tony’s response was a tease. His smirk was wide and determined, his voice was ridiculously innocent: “You know very well where this one will end. Only depends on how long you want them to watch”
Bucky was laughing too, a low sound that Steve hadn’t heard from him in a while, or at least not around a person that wasn’t a pretty girl he was taking out. But Sam was there and he suddenly remembered the way Bucky had looked at Sam before and that was a damn good distraction, because other people’s love life most of the time was.
The moment all his thoughts went crazy and he didn’t care what was coming next, was interrupted by a sharp female voice: “Oh come on Tony. Do you really need to pick up a fight with somebody who is nearly twice as muscular as you just to prove that you’re cool?”
Today was the first-time Steve had somebody to eat lunch with. Sam sat next to him, chewing on a slice of pizza that looked like it was mainly consisting of cheese and even more cheese. “Are you sure that’s pizza anymore?”, he asked and Sam only laughed. “I don’t care. It tastes awesome”
“Don’t you think it’s a little bit weird? You would maybe call your three-year-old son that. Maybe.”
It's not that long because I cut the initial chapter in two parts. I'm maybe adding something to the next chapter so I had to split them in two.
Steve’s breath grew harder, it stung a bit and he made himself relax. He knew how it would feel soon and he wanted it to happen better sooner than later. He felt his body adjust faster than he’d expected but then on the other hand Tony really knew what he did. It already felt fantastic and with Tony just knowing where to touch and how, he was certain that it’d get only better from now on. At first Tony’s movement was comparably slow, giving him a bit of time to adjust. They were both not the kind for slow and tender so it was only a matter of time before the pressure and the movement would increase likewise. Steve was already longing for it and when the slightly biting pain had completely faded, he started to push himself against the other’s fingers, showing how he was ready and needed more. Demanding more. Tony chuckled, his lips and especially his teeth left playful marks on his neck, showing off mostly. Steve felt the urge to curse because now everyone would be able to see, but he never managed to. Tony had complied and intensified his movements, his fingers now relentlessly brushing over Steve’s prostate, literally making him scream. There were lips covering his own, greedily taking what he had offered earlier and Tony’s other hand that drew him closer, brought heated skin to heated skin. It was all the friction, the heat, the desire in Tony’s eyes, all the right sensation that made his whole body shiver, that made Steve forget about everything else. The world could have turned upside down and he wouldn’t have recognized it. There was only Tony and his fingers in him, the heat in his groin and the teeth that left marks on his skin. He felt his back arch when Tony angled just right and heard himself moan. Their bodies were still colliding and every time Steve regained the ability to move his body on his own, he had to touch the other, had to get more and more and more. Soon, the fingers weren’t enough anymore. He knew and Tony knew.
“Most of the time. And now you should stop complaining and eat your donut”, Tony looked at him with a smile in his eyes and some strawberry frosting on his lips. He leaned in to kiss and Steve pulled him closer, tasting the sweet frosting mixing with the chocolate on his own lips.
The other- Sam- only laughed and rolled his eyes: “Wow, you are indeed able to speak”, he gave him a pat on the back, “you know what I’m talking about.”
Steve felt his cheeks redden and his stomach tighten. “I would prefer it if you could keep quiet about it. And please don’t call it that.” Sam laughed pretending to be indignant:” Don’t be such a bore”
“Maybe I mentioned it”, Steve’s opponent shrugged his shoulders indifferently. He made a pause, his mouth curving up again in one of his vain smiles. Scanning Steve’s body and spat out “What a waste” before he turned around and left, head up high and not at all guilty or reasonable.
“No”, he wanted to reply. Badly. But he couldn’t. He had started this mess and he should end it. He would stand the laughter, the mockery. Yet, his breath still caught in his throat when he answered, his voice raw and almost inaudible. “Yes”
“A friend, Bucky, is going to pick me up”, Steve replied, eying at his clock. Bucky was late. As always.
“Yes, we have”, Tony interrupted him and flipped the page. Steve was furious. Normally he did not care at all if people were ignoring him or not. But in this situation, he felt like he couldn’t stand Tony a second longer.
Steve had managed to deny him sex for almost a week now. Only because he fell in love with his own merchandise. And maybe because he wore this jumpsuit while both of them were at home. Inwardly, he shied while outwardly placed soft butterfly kisses on Steve’s skin. Very persuading normally.
Tony’s grin had reappeared, and Steve caught himself silently waiting for it. The bragging asshole was back. He loved it because it was his bragging asshole now.
When he entered the school building on the third morning, quiet and lost in thoughts about all the things he couldn’t like in his new life, seeing Tony Stark made everything worse. As it always did. He was that type of guy who bullied people like Steve. And he was exactly that type of guy who enjoyed being an asshole. And his locker was right next to Steve’s.
“Do we really need to get drunk?”, Steve asked and looked with raised eyebrows at the various cocktails. No way he was taking any one of these.
So amazing that his thoughts were all positive and naïve, expecting this day to be like any other future day would hopefully be like. Eating lunch with Sam, chatting during American Studies. Looking forward for the other classes to end. It was perfect.
He started to buck his hips with the thrusts, angling the fingers inside of him to hit just the right spots. His back arched and his toes curled and Steve looked at him like he wanted to consume him whole. Teeth and lips were all over him as his own teeth and lips were all over Steve. It was exactly what he needed to overcome the sudden, short loss of Steve’s fingers until they were replaced by Steve’s erection. He heard his breath hitch loudly and then heard the blissful scream ripped from his lips as soon as Steve seated himself fully inside of him. The other’s thrusts were hard and rough, full of need and desperation exactly as his own hips snapped back at each and every one of Steve’s thrusts. He wondered what would break first, his back or the wall and yet he was longing for it, the roughness, the delicious friction mixed with the bittersweet pleasure of burn and need.
When he entered the bedroom, he felt – to his own surprise - rather angry with himself than with Tony. He hadn’t been as drunk as he would have liked to think, so alcohol was no excuse. He should have never fallen for the way Tony flirted and he should have stayed had home. Now it was too late and the regret felt bitter on his tongue when he cleared his throat.
“You are such an idiot”, Steve managed to get out. He felt paralyzed on one side and had wobbly legs on the other.
Her hands were perched up against her hips and she had that look that told Steve not to mess with her.
But the only way to react for Steve was to bug his hips, to move his body closer to Tony’s. He heard the other laugh and felt hands cupping his arse before there was an erection probing at his entrance. His breath hitched so loud he shrunk a bit and his fingers clenched so hard he could see his knuckles turning white. The friction was so wonderful he had to forcefully stop his body from moving. He was moaning now, long and low, showing all his pleasure. Tony was careful at first and when he was completely inside of Steve, he let Steve some time to cope. Even though Steve wanted nothing more than rough movements, than their bodies slamming at each other, he knew he had to adjust a bit. However, he minimized this time and after what only felt like seconds he started to bug his hips because he couldn’t stand in any longer. Tony chuckled, his lips pressing on Steve’s, stealing his breath and screams away when he started moving. Their bodies were so close Steve was not sure anymore where he started and Tony ended, and every time Tony thrusted into him, his body rocked back until the moved in unison. He felt his hands digging into Tony’s skin, pulling them together, exploring every part of the heated body above him, not getting enough. Every time he felt Tony’s cock meet his prostate with full force he was helplessly caught in his body moving on its own, arching his back and screaming when there was enough breath left in his lungs to scream. Tony’s hands were still travelling his body, his nails and lips, his whole presence leaving marks on his heated skin. As soon as Tony’s hands reached his erection on their way down, first cupping his ass again, then circling along his tights, Steve knew he just lost the very last bit of his already shattered self-control. The content smile was back on Tony’s face when Steve’s lips weren’t even able to express his pleasure anymore and they simply were parted without any sound coming from them.
Considering this very prominent position of the ‘Starks’, it was no surprise luck wasn’t on his side.
“Not exactly”, Steve stated, roughly gripping Tony’s ass, “I just wondered if you could really take all those interesting things.”
“Oh, I think that’s very much what we’re discussion right now”, Tony insisted, his fingers drawing lines around the form of Steve’s body, ready to tease or touch, to confuse Steve. Tony knew what he had to do. But Steve knew him too and they had been together for so long he’d learned to resist. And to fight back.
“I figured you’d say no so I made things much less complicated”, Tony replied and Steve didn’t need to see to know there was another bright smirk on his face.
And he wanted it a lot. More than he’d ever admit or realize. There was curiosity there, plus the fact that sex without the necessity of overwhelming tenderness was something he needed and wanted all at the same time.
One of them could easily be Tony and Pepper and that was an imagine he just couldn’t stand. He took his drink and left for the part of the bar that was more quiet, darker too, a corridor behind the dance floor.
“It doesn’t matter what I think”, Tony was so close now that Steve could feel his breath, “it only matters what I want.”
“I get that you are angry”, Tony continued, making a step back after seeing the fury in Steve’s face, “but I guess there have been some misunderstandings”
“So, son, care to explain me where you’ve been?”, his dad asked as soon as the door closed behind him. His eyebrows were raised and his voice was strained with something between anger and curiosity.
“No, I just overheard Stark talking to Natasha. And decided to ask you for clearance.”, Sam grinned at him widely, his eyes still curious.
Tony shrugged and Steve inhaled deeply. Normally, nobody dared to speak like that with Tony. Nobody abide from Natasha Romanov.
“Oh, I think I can manage”, Tony purred into the other’s ear before theirs lips met in a heated kiss. Tony felt their mouth clashing in mess of tongue and teeth and heat. Tony was urgent, desperate even and he out it all in this kiss.
Everything in his former tidy kitchen was covered in white foam now except the oven and the stove. Both were dark black from the nagging flames. Clearly, he’d managed to stop the fire. But to what prize.
„What about me setting the pace?", the blonde growled, moving his hips greedily upwards. Tony led out a suppressed moan, his face a mask of lust and want.
“Please, just-”, he moaned, desperate. Tony kept him right there. Right on the edge. There was this cunning expression in Tony’s eyes again. In fact, he looked like a cat playing with a bird, pretending to be lazy and content and harmless but in reality, it was tense, cruel and not at all harmless. He knew that Tony could keep doing this forever. Until it had driven him crazy.
She stood in front of them now, hands on her hips and the pure anger in her eyes was more scary than the crowd had ever been.
“It’s not my problem you’re giving me no reason to think of you as anything else than a playboy!”, Steve responded, his voice awfully calm and sad.
Here he was nothing else than a bore, a country bumpkin. He was not interested in the newest fashion trends or in expensive cell phones. He didn’t care about movies or stars. And that made him an outsider from the first day on. Those city kids seemed to feel that he didn’t’ belong there. Most likely they were right.
He sighed and looked at the building again. It was unbelievable that a single family or person could own so much money. And then waste it for parties. He would give a lot to be somewhere else. But after all Bucky had the car and the keys and he was blocks away from his new home. And driving by tube meant that he would get lost. He always managed to end up at a place he had never seen before and additionally never wanted to go. Plus, trying to find the way back most likely would send him to another place he had no interest to be.
When the ease in his body left and his tense muscles grew relaxed again, Tony’s determining, almost hard grip on his shoulders was a shock. His breath hitched and his eyes searched Tony's face for a reaction, confused, overwhelmed. But Tony only gifted him the most wicked, dark and seductive Cheshire grin he had ever seen seem before he settled with one swift movement on his lap, pressing their bodies together.
“Your choice”, he mumbled and made himself more comfortable. He didn’t plan to fall asleep but his bones were still sore and he could already feel the muscle ache he was going to have the next day.
“You probably are right”, was the next thing she said and again Steve was caught off guard. He had expected another rant, another accusation.
He felt the grin on his face before his thoughts had settled on it. Nevertheless, it felt good to be the one grinning. Tony saw it. His eyebrows rose but Steve left him no time to say something.
“Tony fucking Stark”, the red-haired hissed, “I know that’s not true because you told me you’d pick up a fight with ‘old-fashioned military haircut’ here. So, lying is not gonna help you.”
„We are in a donut Tony”, Steve stated and looked warily around. He hadn’t expected the donut to hold their weight.
I do not own Marvel so all characters belong to Marvel and I do not intend to make any money with this
"It's just so...", he desperately searched for words but none of them seemed to sound right, "unexpected. I knew we weren’t a real something. But I hoped and I couldn’t tell him and now it’s… "
"Seems like we understand each other. That’s exactly the way I like it”, Tony’s face was spread into the most sinful and most threatening grin he had ever seen.
“You’ll die having that nickname”, he predicted laughing. “Why don’t consider joining the track and field team. We could use some support. Track and field never’s been the most popular sports here. And if I talk to the coach…”
“They’re working on making me drunk actually”, he answered, a bit unsure about what to say. When nobody seemed to take offence in it and Tony only grinned wider, Steve felt confident enough to talk more. “Thought I would prefer being at home.”
“Could you just stop calling me that for only one second? Tony does that enough already”, he demanded but by the way both of his friends grinned it was useless.
Steve couldn’t understand why. He was unsure about what to say, about what Tony would do next, what he was up to. Another simple “yes” would have to do.
“But as your friend”, Sam grinned at him, “I’m telling you, you should shower. We intend to get drunk next and you can’t do that smelling and looking like this”
“Are you staring at me?”, Tony muttered still half asleep and cuddled against him without a second thought.
“Then I should feel honored I guess.”, Tony purred, his breath hot against Steve’s skin. Steve snorted derogatory.
“Sure you’re experienced enough for it, country pumpkin?”, Tony asked, rubbing his body against Steve’s, shamelessly and provoking. He damn well knew how he made Steve angry. Really angry.
“Do you know Pepper Potts?”, Steve had a feeling that this question should make him worry about what was coming next.
I was unsure at first whether I should write this scene or not. But as many of you in the comments wanted a bit of Top!Tony and inspiration hit me, I wrote this chapter almost in one go.
However, he could swear that they were keeping something from him. He knew Bucky well enough to tell when he was lying, and there were some tells when Steve asked him about his plans for the day or what he had done yesterday.
As his best friend he knew all too well how lost Steve felt in the city, in school, everywhere. And because Bucky was outgoing, flirty and even due standards of city people cool, he had taken the lead in finding new friends. Obviously with success. On the other hand: his parents had moved here two years ago, which had given him some advantage because he had had way more time to learn how those city people worked.
Steve nodded, a weak smile on his lips. He still felt hollow, betrayed, angry -at himself mostly but also at Tony- and yet maybe he could try to forget for just a couple of hours. Now he regretted not having told Sam and Bucky earlier because maybe all he would have needed was push in the right direction. Now it was too late, so what he needed now was to forget, to get all that anger out of his system. He sighed. He just hoped the feeling in his stomach would get better at some point, that it would be alright, somehow.
“If I hadn’t kissed you right now, you’d have never told me, would you?”, Tony remarked mockingly, kissing the corners of Steve’s mouth, something he had never done before, but it was really cute somehow.
“He’s only scared to show us how filthy/dirty/versaut he really is”, that came from Tony who had been flirting with him occasionally for the last couple of minutes. Always in the arrogant, teasing way. Steve had to grind his teeth together. He was not sure if he wanted to punch Tony Stark or if he rather looked for a good response to his endless flirting.
“I guess that's not surprising”, he stated and couldn’t stop his voice from shaking the tiniest bit.
“I know”, the other still grinned and sat down, pulling Steve with him, “It’s one of the best spots if you want to see the coast line” He pointed at the beautiful view in front of them and leaned against Steve, offering him the donut box they had bought.
“And I thought you would use your curses not so frequently”, Tony purred, “but then I also thought you would like it sweet and gentle.”
Tony stopped right in front of him, their bodies almost touching, leaving Steve at ache, wanting to feel the other's movements. Tony lowered himself down, slowly and teasing with everything he had on display.
“Okay, okay”, Steve sighed and gave up, “I just want to mention that you forced me do tell you theses incredibly embarrassing things.”
“You blame me the whole day for being Tony Stark and then you honestly ask if I have lube and condoms?”, Tony gave back letting his teeth sink into Steve’s skin playfully and challenging at the same time. “I’m not sure whether you want to insult me or if you’re only not that bright”, he continued and raised an eyebrow inquiringly.
“You are serious, aren’t you?”, Steve barely managed to say because Tony’s lips were once again on his, stealing his breath as well as his words away.
“Well, we thought I should tell you before, you know, you see it and freak out”, Sam continued, a weak smile on his lips. Steve was getting really nervous about this. What was wrong?
He realized that he was going to say ‘yes’ when his knuckles painfully collided with the punching bag once again. He was curious and he was eager to see who of them managed to maintain control longer, he wanted to see how it could end, what it could be, who he could be. There was no going back from this point, not when all his thoughts and all his body circled around this topic, waiting for everything to finally snap into place.
He felt teeth sinking into his upper lip and Tony’s hands on the zipper of his trousers. His breath hitched and he was once again helplessly caught in Tony’s lure. Suddenly, he didn’t care that Tony was sitting on the kitchen counter, legs wrapped around his hips, pulling him closer. He surrendered, leaned in, answered the kiss, turned it into a battle for dominance. He couldn’t tell who won because Tony decided to cheat by pressing a hand against the bulk in Steve’s trousers. He groaned, his fingers almost tearing the fabric of Tony’s shirt which he’d gripped only seconds before.
“Why? You were the one who insisted on the ‘no love involved’ thing”, Tony had raised an eyebrow now, but he didn’t look angry. Instead, he came closer, so close that Steve could feel the warmth radiating from him and bathed in the feeling. He found himself smiling a bit, unsure about what was happening next.
Tony knew just the right mixture between pleasure and pain. His mouth travelling down Steve’s body, making him moan in pleasure and hiss in pain, always went where it would drive him crazy. Fingers slid alongside his thighs until he was nothing more than a mess begging for more. Tony indeed was a force of nature and he couldn’t wait to see what else Tony could do with that wicked hands. There was still a smirk on Tony’s lips, his dark grin that widened every time Steve’s hands desperately dug into the sheets – or into Tony’s body. His erection was so hard it almost hurt – screw that – it did hurt and Tony was ignoring it knowing that he left Steve in no place to demand something or to do anything other than beg. And he did.
The jumpsuit was pulled further down, revealing what Steve had suspected. Tony was indeed wearing Iron Man briefs and judged by the widespread grin on his face, Tony knew all too well. He felt the blonde’s hands scratching over his body, felt teeth leaving marks on his skin for everybody on display. God, it was good.
“Any hope?”, Sam asked and tried to look at least a bit understanding. But he couldn’t suppress his amused smile: “I really look forward to meet him. I kind of expect that to be funny.”
Tony clearly left him no time to come up with a way to leave the cinema with a hard-on. Probably they would have solved the problem otherwise, but the sudden lack of spectacular action (the only thing Steve was aware of in this movie) made it painfully clear that there was not much time left to consider it. He pushed Tony away and just sat there breathing in and out steadily. He hated him. So much.
And he was right. Tony kissed him with such need their teeth clashed and he couldn’t tell where his mouth started and the other’s ended. It was breath-taking and perfect because it was all that he liked: violent, urgent and fun. His hands dug into Tony’s shoulders and for a swift second, he even considered taking control back again. That was before Tony’s hand slid with a wicked smile between his tights. He almost screamed.
“Don’t worry. Not this time. And compared to the YouTube video that got viral one time…”, Sam grinned in this “I-told-you-so”, self-conscious way and raised an eyebrow: „Happy now?”
Suddenly, there was tension in the air, but not that delicious tension before any of their sexual encounters. It rather awkward and itched beneath Steve’s skin. He struggled to find an answer to that, had to fight the remainders of his own pride to be honest and at the same time was incredibly scared of it.
“Could you please stop distracting me from the topic?”, Tony leered, his eyes showing how very well indeed he knew which buttons to press.
Because I've already written 7 of the 10 chapter I'll be able to update every Friday (I'm so proud of myself, normally it takes me forever to finish a story)
There seemed to be another meaning behind that sentence, but Steve couldn’t get to it. When he looked as puzzled as he had a minute ago, Tony decided to enlighten him.
Shit, was all Steve could think in that moment. And he never cursed. He answered nothing, trying to look on the ground and acting like he couldn’t hear the brown-haired guy speaking.
“Wow, what an incredible super power”, Steve flouted. He always felt more confident and aggressive when he was around Tony. More like he had been before he moved to NYC. It was a miracle in some ways.
I’m not quite happy with this chapter but I hope you enjoy reading it anyways! There is lots of drama and misunderstanding in there…
The worst thing, however, was that Tony didn’t seem to care at all. Steve had hoped that after their conversation at the bar, the other would feel at least guilt or sadness or somehow acknowledge the fact that they had ended whatever had been going on between them.
He continued to talk but Steve wasn’t paying attention anymore. He understood now what Bucky and Sam had been concerned about because there was Tony and next to him a gorgeous girl with bright orange hair and the most charming smile he had ever seen. They weren’t kissing but Tony had an arm around her waist.
Bucky offered him a bottle of water and he greedily took enough sulks to empty the bottle in one go. Half of the water was staining his shirt, but it didn’t matter much. It had already been sweaty and therefore wet.
Instead, he returned to driving Tony crazy. He collected his breath and swallowed another time, happily hearing another series of moans and even some sort of plea as a reaction. He settled on taking his time, swirling his tongue around, making the other wait. He felt how Tony was on the edge, how his fingers clenched in his hair, wanting to take control and yet not daring it. Still, it was only a matter of time before the other snapped. Steve looked forward to it.
Steve saw no need to have Tony repeat himself. He brought their lips together, making their teeth and bodies clash while he added another finger, sulking in every moan and hiss Tony offered him. And there were many. Tony’s body shivered when he slowly started to move his fingers and Tony’s eyes were closed in bliss, his back arched the tiniest bit. This sight would have been enough for Steve to just come right now and there. His kisses grew hungrier as did his movements. He did not suspect Tony to be one of the vanilla kind and when the other’s body kept rocking back at his trusts he knew he was right. He retreated his fingers, hearing Tony whine desperately. A second later he found hands pulling him closer, dominating over his body without making any attempt to changing the position again. Tony grinned at him even thought he was panting and his eyes were full of hunger.
The other man still was totally unimpressed, he wasn’t even looking at him and when he talked, he sounded totally disinterested. “Thought you would be panicking more”, he mumbled in his magazine.
Tony only laughed. It was a harsh laugh, condescending and ironic:” Oh, what are you? 12? Can’t you just name things?”
“Keep quiet or otherwise I won’t understand the movie”, he said in a voice way too arrogant and self-confident.
"I've no idea what but I need to get away from this", he waved into the direction where Tony and Pepper stood, probably kissing by now. His stomach curled on that thought.
They were lots of people around them, laughing and trying to pat on Tony’s back. He looked clearly annoyed, about to roll his eyes -Steve knew this face well enough- and yet he didn’t send the crowd away. Steve just by instinct knew what all of this meant. Tony Stark and Pepper Potts were back together. They looked perfect and even worse like they were meant to be there, surrounded by a large crowd who admired them.
Actually, that was indeed something he wanted to do. And now that he thought about it, it was something he needed to do too.
It's not that long but I hope all of you will like the new character I'm introducing with this chapter. It's my first time writing a fanfiction in which he is in, so I hope I didn't mess anything up.
But fate didn’t seem to be that fond of him. Steve had been heading to the boy’s restroom, with his thoughts already on his after-school workout, and when another person entered the room behind him whilst he was washing his hands he didn’t care. Well, at first.
“He literally dragged me there. I had no choice”, Steve tried to defend himself, already thinking of a good explanation where he’d been over the night.
Steve knew he was alone now. Or as alone as one could be surrounded by happy people drinking and celebrating and dancing.
He swallowed the sudden lump in his throat and slowly turned around. He had not been mistaken and yet he wished he had. He looked away quickly, too quickly. There was no way he could suffer through this. He wanted to leave, to get up, flee this place but Tony had already sat down next to him. Too close. He dodged his attempt to reach for his shoulder.
I decided on giving you the ending of the last chapter again so the beginning of this one does not sound completley weird ;-)
“Alright”, he replied and felt his hands form into fists because the pain was back, biting into his skin and making swallowing hard. “So, this is the reason why we are at a boxing club”
“Some people just don’t deserve manners”, Tony replied and his faces spread into a wide, derogatory grin, “and when I look at you, woodchopper, I don’t think you deserve any of it
Steve tried not to flinch and instead kept looking at the brown haired: “You hear a lot of things about Tony Stark when you are new to this school” He made a portentous pause, scanning his opponent for a reaction.
Another pause and then a wink. “You really want me to say that out loud while Mr. Jackson is standing right behind us?”, Sam’s smile was charming and warm and Steve honestly felt like he had found a friend.
Steve could feel the alcohol in his blood pretty fast, which was one of the reasons why he didn’t run away screaming. The other reason most likely was that Tony was still next to him, his hot body pressed far more against Steve’s than necessary. Maybe it was still part of the dare Tony obviously had to complete, thought the brown-haired could also be drunk enough to flirt with every living being. Considering it again, Tony didn’t need to be drunk to flirt with every living being.
The other nodded, most likely to himself. There was some sparkle in his eyes. Steve saw it and it sent shivers down his spine. Tony was going to laugh. He was sure of it. The embarrassment already started flooding his veins.
Steve had circled around the other the whole, unsure what to say. He was still afraid to admit he’d come back for sex. And here he was in front of an abandoned locker room, weighting his chances. His hand laid on the door handle for a while now and with a final deep breath he walked in.
“In fact, I was trying to surprise you”, Tony stated and folded his arms in front of his breast. He looked around the kitchen and within seconds, the familiar smile was back on his face: “It is some sort of surprise after all”
“Pan cakes?”, Steve repeated in disbelief, “pan cakes?!” The mess was looking like an attempt to build a nuclear weapon and not like breakfast.
“You were the one who complained about Steve not being involved in the action”, Natasha answered calmly.
“I love being a tease”, Tony said sharp and challenging, “so if you want me to stop, you have to make me”
That he, in an unusual way, was the only one who managed to have a stable long-term relationship with the school’s playboy. Maybe he had put some proud in it, maybe he had been happy or flattered, but really being in love with Tony…
He would probably regret this later but right at this moment, it felt fantastic. He looked up, his eyes meeting Tony’s. The other looked at him in a way he never had before, there was honest surprise in them and then something else, maybe admiration or some sort of affection. But the expression vanished too fast for Steve to understand it.
The movements within him got slower but only more tormenting, torturing him with their slowness until he was reduced to whimpering, wanting all the friction back he had got earlier. Tony’s lips were stretched into a smile again, his eyes were sparkling with lust and want and possession. He bent down to kiss Steve again, this time is was solely to make a point, to enjoy the flinching body beneath him that was so desperate for touch. Steve knew Tony would easily stretch this until he couldn’t remember which name he was screaming anymore so he decided to get things down. He shifted a bit, his eyes closing in bliss when that got Tony’s finger to brush over his prostate, and let his hands settle between Tony’s tights, stroking the other. He was going slow too, matching the teasing movement Tony had settled for. He heard the other moan and saw how his body desperately reacted to the stimulation. Tony had a very good self-control, but Steve knew there always were limits. And he had reached them.
“Yes, you should”, he echoed and stared at the door even minutes after it had fallen shut behind her. What the hell had just happened?
“You are such a tease”, Steve finally managed to say behind grinded teeth, his whole body shaking with anticipation. Tony’s boxers were yanked down, exposing him completely. It distracted him exactly long enough for Steve to move into action, catching both of Tony’s wrists to bring them forcefully against the wall. Tony sighed, his eyes closing for a moment to enjoy the heat and tension before he snapped back, arching his body against Steve’s, trying to get friction on his straining erection. Steve only chuckled, his other hand now cupping Tony’s ass and grinded a few times against Tony, leaving him even more desperate than before.
“Looks like we both have been wrong”, Tony simply said and the challenge in his voice was more prominent than ever.
“That was…”, it was one of the very rare moments Tony was speechless. His gaze was lingering over Steve restlessly, his eyes wide and his breath still uneven and hitched. Steve was really proud of himself.
He used the chance to get rid of the millionaire’s arm around his waist. He felt like he could breathe again. The moment he wanted to stalk away quietly, searching for the chair the most distant from Tony’s, Natasha decided to stop him. She was beautiful and though as always, her cheeks flushed a bit, nevertheless her gaze was till sharp.
“Steve, what are you doing here?”, all his thoughts were suddenly interrupted and his mind was torn between fight or flight. Because he would have recognized that voice anywhere, Tony’s voice.
"Come on, little pumpkin boy", Tony whispered in his ear, his voice rough and seductive, "I know you want to fuck me"
Steve felt his cheeks reddening and there was a wave of embarrassment even though nobody else could hear them. “That… that’s not what we’re discussion right now”, he spluttered out, trying to change the topic. He knew Tony would go for him like an eagle for prey once they started to talk about some of Steve’s kinks. He hated to admit them.
His smile turned cunning, the fingers exploring his bodies got bolder, sliding under the hem of his shirt, drawing lines on his naked, shivering skin. Tony knew so very well what he did.
“Despite your latest adventure, what do you do in your free time when you’re not fucking Tony Stark?”
Steve only groaned. He had seen it coming. “Could one of you remind me why exactly I let the two of you meet?”, he asked and threw his bag in the back seat of Bucky’s car.
Naturally, he hated his new school too. How crowded it was, how trendy and arrogant the students were. How lonely he was in his breaks.
Steve hated the city from the first moment on. The way it smelled, its noise and its heavy traffic, its repelling inhabitants. He also hated the new place he and his family would live in. He hated the tiny flat far away from any green. He hated the view that only showed metal, steel and glass and sometimes clouds from heavy traffic. He also hated his dad’s new job, disliked how he left early in the morning and came back late in the evening, totally tired and stressed out.
He whined desperately and finally managed to rub his hard-on against Steve’s, earning himself a needy yelp from Steve and another two fingers almost roughly joining the one already inside of him. He moaned loudly, easing himself into the friction and burn, welcoming it like an old friend. Steve stretched him fast and precise but couldn’t stop himself from teasing. Tony saw satisfaction on his face every time the fingers brushed against his prostate, leaving him desperate. He was a mess. And he wanted more.
"After all that time...", his voice broke because it wasn’t right to talk about this here, "I thought that, maybe, I’m special"
“So you’re the one Tony Stark chose to have some fun with last weekend?”, Steve jumped on his seat and was sure he was currently getting a heart infarct. He looked up, securely, warily, unsure about who was sitting right next to him- and why.
“I don’t think that I’m-”, he started, but the brown-haired man caught him short, his face spread into a sinful smile: “You managed to find this party, country pumpkin, you’ll also manage to have a Quicky.”
As they were not a couple or anything close to that, they never had to talk in public or exchange any sort of affection. In fact, most of the time they just met after school at Tony’s place. Steve knew it by now as if it was his own house. He was familiar with the smell, with the abandoned rooms of Tony’s always working parents, with the way Tony’s bed felt beneath him. It was an odd feeling and it gave their meetings, even the sex, some sort of familiarity.
“That’s great I guess”, Steve felt relieved on one hand, yes, but on the other, it kind of disappointed him that Tony didn’t offer more, hadn’t even mentioned it.
“You’ll drink more of it than I’ll”, Steve grinned at him and it was probably the first time he had somewhat close to fun this evening.
They took off towards the city center and while he had no idea where they were going, he was glad not having to see the school anymore. They drove for about 20 minutes, being caught in traffic jam occasionally. Sam was talking to him, ranting about Tony at first, then going on about their classes, trying to distract him.
As I got the results of my final exams yesterday, I have plenty of time now to publish the rest on a weekly basis.
“Moral standards? Honestly? Do you really think it’s so easy to manipulate me?”, Steve asked, his teeth clenched and his face hopefully bold and condescending. He could be arrogant too if he had to.
He only stopped when he felt his body was too tried, his muscles aching and his lips, cracked, were desperate for water. When he turned away from the punching bag, the rest of the world came fading back in slowly, but this time he was prepared. Sam and Bucky had been watching him and he distinctly remembered Sam holding the punching bag in the beginning, when his rhythm had been less regular and his blows weak.
"Have you actually waylaid me?", Steve only glared at the other, his stare probably murderous. He was not scared of Tony anymore and when he saw him alone it was even more obvious that Steve was almost a head taller than the other and indeed twice as muscular. He stood a bit taller, arms akimbo. And he had Tony’s offer well in mind: „Don’t tell me you’re that much of a pervert”
After this one sentence Steve should have known that this game wouldn’t end nice. Or that nobody would have mercy with him only because they called him country pumpkin. His only way to go through the madness of truth or dare was to choose truth every time he could.
Steve woke to the shrill, alarming sound of the fire alert. His body was immediately flooded with adrenaline, snapping right into action. The sleep had almost left him entirely when he got up, faster than he thought would be possible. He was still groggy but as soon as he smelled the burned air he ran towards the source which seemed to be the kitchen. His mind was already going through all the possible reasons for this disaster whilst his hands reached for the fire extinguisher they kept in the flat because Tony’s experiments regularly tended to explode.
“Please”, he heard himself mutter and wasn’t even sure if it was his own voice, “Oh god, please. More”
“And I thought you like me in my armor”, Tony purred teasingly, his body all smooth and soft against Steve. Only it was not working this time.
Bucky as well as Sam looked somewhat displeased and Steve kind of sensed that they wouldn’t stop picking on him unless he gave them something better to discuss. He turned around and waved for the waiter, ordering them another round of drinks.
As you might have noticed this update is later than I hoped (and promised)… I'm (as always) super sorry about that. I have been super busy the last months because I tend to assign myself more work than I should (and eating and sleeping is kind of the most important thing in my spare time…)
The moment one of them, most likely him, would admit to have any sort of feeling, their house of cards would collapse all at once. Steve was not keen to let this happen. If it meant to act like there was nothing, to watch Tony’s life through a curtain and never ask for more, he was fine with it. Everything was better than looking at the shreds of what had once been. He was not sad about it, not most of the time, but then again, one could only push aside thoughts for so long.
“You are way too full of yourself”, Steve replied and Tony laughed: “You don’t mind that most of the time”
Their lips collided and there was no gentle kissing but a rough battle, intensified by their hands traveling the other’s body. He could feel fingers again on his shirt, moving up and down his bare back, pulling him closer and scratching his skin. He could feel his own hands settling on Tony’s waist where they fit so perfectly he almost assumed they were made to lay there, pressing Tony harder against him, leaving marks and bruises. If there had ever been reason in his mind, it all had vanished with the door closing. Tony’s kisses where a tease, half a smirk, half teeth trying to bite his lips. Steve did the same. Their bodies moved against the wall and Steve was not sure if it was him pushing Tony roughly against it or if it was Tony pulling him against himself. Probably both. However, he couldn’t care less. Tony moaned in their sloppy kiss, his hands now traveling along the inside of his tights, making Steve shiver. Tony sensed it and smirked, moving painfully slow, closer and closer to Steve’s crotch.
He knew that he now had to do what he had hoped to avoid: talking to Tony. Telling him that he basically regretted everything, couldn’t look in the mirror right now and was still confused and in a state of shock.
"Looks like I'm winning", he purred and let his lips ravish the other's skin. Steve felt himself falling deeper and deeper and there was no way no recollecting himself. Every time Tony pressed himself against his lower body, rubbing himself against him, shameless like a whore, he grew hotter. His world minored to those hips, the waist swinging rhythmically to a music he couldn’t hear. The heat building under his skin was collected in his stomach and went further down. He knew he was getting a hard on and also knew he couldn't do anything about it. Tony knew too. Of course, he did. After all, it was his fault.
After about a week of mysterious activities he was not part off, he had enough. His life was currently too messed up to lose another friend, let alone two. He confronted them when Bucky came to pick them up after sports.
Steve’s hands had now reached the zipper of the jumpsuit and the other pulled it down with such force it could have torn. The air hitting Tony’s body wasn’t cold but chilling and he moaned loudly, encouraging Steve to go further. He used the moment of stillness between them to wrap his hand around Steve, crashing their lips together while his hands slid under Steve’s shirt and followed the line of the other’s muscles before he paid more attention to his ass. Steve only snarled and shot him a glare, his lips leaving angry bruises all over Tony’s skin.
Tony was watching him. It was like a silent challenge. Tony waited for him to give up. To surrender. To beg. That was not going to happen. Still, it drove him mad to see Tony there, between his legs, all smirks and sexiness, challenging him another time. He wanted to reach down to bury his fingers in the other’s hair. And then he wanted to set the pace. But both of them knew he wouldn’t. Cheating was not his thing. And he was curious. He wanted to know whether all the rumors had been true. He looked forward to them being indeed the truth. With a last glance that was so dirty Steve forgot to breath properly for a couple of seconds, Tony’s focus went down to Steve’s hard-on. Steve could still see the self-content smile playing on the other’s lips. Not a good sign for his self-control.
“I don’t care about the facts here, Tony”, Steve all but growled, closing the space between them again, “you decided that I was too boring or below your standards or whatever and went back to sleeping with that beautiful girlfriend of yours who you forgot to mention before. I don’t see how-“
“Because you have been behaving weird for a week now. You don’t tell me where you go, what you do! I feel like I am not part of this group anymore”, he did sound more pissed off than he actually was.
So, when the crowd spit him out, he rushed to his locker, trying to open his lock. It was a bit tricky because the way you had to spin the lock was more than complicated, especially when you had only three days to practice. When he finally managed to open his locker, he should have felt happy. Instead, he felt goosebumps rising on his nape. He had the awkward feeling that lots of eyes were staring at him. His heart sank into his boots. He already knew what was to come. And he desperately wished for the floor to open up and swallow him. He was not in the mood to face Tony Stark. Who obviously realized that Steve didn’t care at all about his presence. Not the nicest realization for somebody who thought of himself as the middle of the world. Or the universe.
“He has more money and more friends”, Natasha answered, her voice between serious concern and playful tease: “So it works according to his rules. You should remember that the next time. I won’t play the babysitter another time.”
Surprisingly, after so many months, I have not abandoned this and I still intend to finish this story. There are not this many chapters left, so hopefully I will manage within the next couple of years (given the pace I’m writing) …
Maybe he had been wrong and this was more than co-dependency. Maybe, it was affection. Or even a twisted kind of love.
The red haired only laughed and Clint and Bucky looked at each other before they both started to grin like idiots.
He made his way down slowly, sucking more bitemarks into the other’s skin. Tony once again moaned and Steve could see his eyes becoming wide and a bit glassy. He wanted more of that, of that control he never had when they only talked.
Steve woke up to an unfamiliar feeling. The sheets were incredibly soft, not at all sticky, and his body still tired. He squirmed a bit and something felt amiss. He groaned as he moved enough to turn around. Tony lay next to him, nestled up in the blanket, his body sprawled out lazily. He was still sleeping, his breast rising and falling slowly, his breathing soft. Steve smiled at him and shifted. He was too lazy to get up and tried to get comfortable again without waking the other.
