Cas looked like he did any other evening, like he was perfectly fine. He was asking about their day and he was looking at them with adoring eyes like he hadn’t just gotten a shiny… something in his veins instead of blood.
“Thank you, Vic,” he said honestly.
“Sure,” he shrugged.
“Lilith told me you had promise,” Roman told him as Victor neared Dean and cuffed his hands behind his back, Bela following and using him as a living shield. “So this is how it goes. Winchester just shot the V.P. You kill him and his boyfriend, and you’re head of the CIA.”
“Here,” he set them on the table and waited until Dean was standing beside him before putting in a flash drive. Files popped up immediately and Crowley turned the screen towards him so he could look at them. Blueprints, codes, schedules. The box had back-framed glasses and a couple nice IDs in it. “Hope you’re satisfied.” Dean nodded and pulled the drive out, hiding it in his pocket immediately, box in hand. “Pleasure doing business with you, Squirrel.” Crowley gave him a self-satisfied smile he didn’t like. To be fair, he didn’t like any of Crowley’s smiles.
“Thank you for your help, Mr. and Mr. Winchester,” Morris said as they shook hands again.
“That’s great and all but you said you got something,” Claire tapped her foot in impatience.
“Apparently,” Cas agreed broodily. “It’s protocol. I was so sure…”
“You wanna bet that new knowledge of yours?” Dean asked.
“No. They died quickly,” the man flashed them his teeth. “You won’t.”
“Will do,” Dean smiled a little. “Thanks, red.”
“I need to call him,” Cas pulled out his phone and dialed. A couple second later Dean could here an automatic voice announcing that the number was not available. “Damn it,” Cas looked at his cell like he wanted to break it before he jumped up and called another number. “Charlie, you have to check up on Gabriel.”
The way up to the third floor was uncomfortably familiar. The complex was in a pretty good neighborhood, halfway between the university and I-90, a well-kept brick building with a park just a couple streets down from it where he knew Cas liked to take a walk occasionally.
“How things ended between us,” he bit his lower lip. “It doesn’t matter. I’m not letting Dean go to Hell.” He straightened up and rotated his shoulders. “I’ll text you when I find something.”
“Cas coming?” Sam looked up as he put his utensils down, swallowing around the last of his salad. His scent was betraying him. He obviously wanted to comment on it, but a glare from Dean was enough to silence him.
“An angel.”
“You’ll understand, believe me,” Crowley shrugged uncaringly. “So don’t be an idiot and start digging deeper. And I make the contract disappear. Find me again when you feel ready.”
Now Sam didn’t smirk but had an almost surprised look on his face.
“What, so you’re all angel now?” he asked, trying to deflect.
The take-off was smooth and Cas was obviously experienced. It made Dean’s competence kink kick in but he still clung to his seat, avoiding looking out the window.
“Just don’t do that again,” he cupped Cas’ jaw in one hand. “Charlie and Dorothy are still searching. At least shoot me a text.”
“Okay,” he said when he realized his situation. He was glowering at the three of them, probably a little pissed-off, but he seemed relatively calm. “Who are you guys?”
Because Sam would be coming, of course. Not because Dean would like to see his brother in danger but because they needed all the help they could get.
Cas frowned like that was new information.
The hall was large and white, but the furniture was mostly made from dark wood, probably amaranth, going from the slightly purplish hue. There was an elegant staircase just on their left and a huge dining room on their right with large windows.
His eyes stuck to two rows in the middle that looked almost the same, only the first couple characters were different. Dean would’ve bet Baby they were spelling out
“I hope you didn’t drive three days with a body in the trunk,” he crossed his arms. Man, Bobby was awesome.
“You know,” Sam spoke up as they sat into Baby’s front. “I think I get what you saw in him. He doesn’t look it but he’s kind of a jackass.”
However, before either of them could’ve opened their mouths, a girl around the kids’ age stormed in the door. She stopped before Claire and poked her in the middle of her forehead.
“I don’t know about you, but I want to go back to the motel and eat something,” Dean suggested when they started walking back towards the parking lot.
“What?” Sam looked at him with shock. “Cas?”
“Okay?” he asked quietly, an arm sneaking around Cas’ waist.
It didn’t take them much time to get ready for the day and Dean was just getting the peanut butter out of the fridge while Cas was scrolling on his phone and sipping his coffee when he heard a hurried pair of feet coming down the stairs.
“You what?” Dean half-shouted.
“Alright, boys,” he reached for the scotch. “Tell me everything.”
“Men of Letters,” Charlie corrected him. “It’s this whole-ass international thing like the Freemasonry. They have a couple of their men stationed in all states. We got sent here to California. Dorothy’s hunting all over the place.”
“Are there any weapons we could use?” Sam brought it up. “Can we kill them if necessary?”
“Why are you asking me?” his brother yelled back.
Cas didn’t move when Dean crutched in front of him and took his hands in his own, but those inquisitive blue eyes were locked on his.
Cas grinned back before his expression turned more serious.
When Cas had suggested involving Charlie directly for back-up, both Winchesters had protested immediately. But Cas was nothing if not stubborn and in the end they’d agreed to a video call. Dean’s initial surprise that the Charlie Cas had trusted so much was a young woman with way too much energy and a personality that made you like her under a minute was overshadowed by being impressed, because she was really, terrifyingly good.
Lily interrupted them with the question, “Do you feel any strong sexual attraction to others than your husband?” and it was like the scratch of a record player in Dean’s head.
“Shut up,” Cas growled out and pulled Dean even closer, their erections rubbing together through their jeans.
Cas looked after her with a calculating gaze before turning back to Dean and Sam.
“Great,” Jack beamed. “I need help with my Spanish homework. Oh, you’re doing Physics! Wait for me.” He dashed up the stairs and in a minute returned with his backpack, sitting down next to Claire and pulling out his textbook and a pen. “Okay, so what’s the difference between vectors and scalars?”
“Jealous? No. Angry? Yes,” Dean answered honestly. “It was obvious to everyone Cas wasn’t interested and Roman completely ignored that. I wasn’t happy about it.”
Cas gave him a wry smile and said, “April’s a reaper,” and sat down into the armchair. The brothers took the couch.
“Didn’t say anything,” Dean gritted out as sparks danced up and down his spine at the contact.
“Bitch,” Dean shot back.
“If this Kaia, whoever she is, would like to join us for dinner in the near or distant future, we’re happy to have her,” Dean smiled at his daughter to let her know she was off the hook.
“Okay,” Charlie nodded, smiling at him. “Thanks.”
Sam wasn’t happy to be called in the middle of the night. Apparently, he’d hoped for a full night’s rest before he had to drive all the way to Sioux Falls with Bobby, but he didn’t complain after Dean told him what Cas had said. They were maybe ten hours away in Oklahoma, they could be at Bobby’s by the early afternoon. Still closer than Dean and Cas. It would take them at least a day to get there if they were pushing it.
“Hey, would you listen? I’m trying to save your soul here!” his little brother smacked his arm, scent turning a bit irritated. “Dean, I really think this guy can help you.”
” said the computer and Dean heard Cas breathe out in relief. Getting a tac team on them was not part of the plan.
Dean curled around him even more, his grip on Cas’ t-shirt tightening.
Sam sighed dramatically and introduced them, “Sparrow, Dean. Dean, Sparrow,” before he led her back towards the bedroom, apologizing profusely and throwing a look over his shoulder at Dean who just winked back.
“Alright,” he stood up quickly, pulling Cas with him. “I’m sure I’ll learn a lot from this experience, Principal. Thank you for your time, have a nice day!”
“I could bankrupt us and you wouldn’t even know,” Cas said easily.
They didn’t talk much more that night and Dean couldn’t sleep for hours, staring at the ceiling of their dirty motel room and listening to Sam’s quiet snoring.
“You know I can open it quicker,” Cas said after a minute.
Dean took a step to the left to get a better look at him and his blood ran cold when he’d seen the gun pointing straight at Sam’s nape.
She started with the wings, now that Cas had tested them.
Bela Talbot as President? Jesus.
Wow, Cas really didn’t do anything halfway.
“You can’t help a little more than that?” Dorothy asked, her usual seriousness of a responsible hunter and Woman of Letters replaced by an almost childish whine. Gordon must’ve really made life difficult for them.
“We?” Dean shot him a look.
“How much time do we have?”
“Sure. Thanks.”
written on the stone front. It looked like nature was halfway to take it back, trees conveniently hiding some of the higher windows.
In five minutes he was walking Sam out to his car.
They arrived at
Jack and Claire took seats at the nearest table and Dean walked down a couple rows of bookshelves until he found the office. It was open and empty.
?” Cas asked in total bewilderment when Dean turned into the parking lot.
“Hey, man,” Dean smiled. “You here long?”
“I think we should prepare for that, yes. I did kill Dick Roman.”
Cas huffed.
“When Jack protected Harper, he noticed there was something wrong with the boy’s eyes. And then I said that bit about her soul. It made Jack curious. He told Claire and they started their own little hunt.”
“Huh,” Bobby took it with a raised eyebrow. “You really need my help then.”
“Cas,” he put a hand on his boyfriend’s shoulder, turning him slightly. Cas looked over at him impatiently. “Man, you have to take a breath. You gonna mess it up and I don’t know about you, but we should do this right the first time.”
“Yeah,” Cas lied, taking a deep breath. “Not that they can kill me.”
Cas directed a questioning look at Dean as if he expected him to tell his brother every little detail he'd found out about the guy. He just shrugged in response. It wasn’t his secret to tell. The two Alphas’ eyes met again.
“Claire,” Cas scolded her.
They left Sam alone in the library, walking down the corridor, Dean leading them back to the garage.
“Alright,” he agreed.
Just kissing Cas felt great, his hands roaming all over his husband’s body, grabbing onto his bicep, fingers creeping under his shirt to touch the skin of his shoulders and collarbone. Cas’ palms were sliding up his spine and into his hair, making him shiver.
That shouldn’t have felt like a punch to the gut. Okay, maybe he was easy. He always had been. But since he’d met Cas – since he had left him – it was never with an Alpha. Being with Betas with boring scents still felt like he was betraying Cas, but to be touched by another Alpha… the thought alone made him nauseous.
“You weren’t on a rush, were you?” Bobby greeted them grumpily and damn, Dean had missed him.
“See? I told you!” Sam turned to him with a smug smile.
Dean looked at Cas if he was sure he was comfortable with being alone with Sam and he nodded seriously.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas pressed in for a deep, heavy kiss. Dean’s mind fogged up immediately, almost making him forget his plan.
Cas didn’t seem surprised, just a bit exasperated.
The bed was in pretty good condition, all things considered.
Dean wandered into the apartment. It hadn’t changed much. The living room was maybe more full of books and scripts than before. The pristine white walls were covered by bookcases, there was the old, comfortable couch they’d spent hours on cuddling and talking and watching trash TV. The adjoining kitchen was all dark wood and black marble, and across from it was the hallway that led to Cas’ study, the bathroom and the bedroom.
The CEO of a big corporation, the head of the CIA and probably other agents, and a shaken Vice President. That was not easy to explain, especially if Bela would throw a wrench in the plans.
Dean thought about it.
“Dean, please –”
She didn’t get an answer as Henriksen decided he wasn’t finished. He ran through two lanes and used a roadblock to jump on top of a car, then from there onto the limousine. Dean had to admire his dedication.
“You hate flying,” Rowena pointed out.
“Fuck, Cas, do that again, please,” he whimpered and Cas swore quietly before he started pounding into him wildly and Dean anchored himself with his arms around Cas’ shoulders, trying to meet him every time.
John had handled it well, all in all. Dean had hardly recognized him when he’d simply gotten on his feet and muttered a “You must be the angel then.” Mary had taken it upon herself to explain that Bobby and she had already been through with John about a couple things concerning his treatment of his own sons. (“Told me about your guardian angel, too. Guessed he’d be protective.”)
“Sure,” he nodded, the image making him look probably more eager than he would’ve wanted. “Yeah, okay, I’m in.”
Cas didn’t have the chance to argue because the front door opened and Jack’s “Dad!” echoed around the house. Dean got a displeased look, but he just grinned back – because he'd gotten the last word, he considered himself the winner here.
“If you’re sure,” Cas squinted at him.
“Cas, I would’ve gone either way as soon as my dad called and you know it.”
“Henriksen,” the woman, Lilith said calmly, her smile unnervingly sweet. “This is gonna happen either way.”
“Kurdish people made such blades centuries ago. I haven’t seen one since. It’s a rarity, maybe the only remaining one.” He held it out to Sam who took it with open curiosity.
They were just a couple corners away when Dean had a moment to realize a black car was coming at them from the left but no time to react. It got the rear of their car and they went spinning on the road. Dean was out of the car in the next second, raising his gun at the guy – dark-skinned, muscular, bald – behind the cruiser’s wheel and opened fire without thinking about it, reloading with a fluid movement as soon as the last bullet was in the barrel.
“Yeah, but not now,” Dean pointed out. “It’s late for a friendly visit on the East Coast.”
“Dad! Where’s my leather jacket?”
“It was… a lot,” he admitted. “But I think we could work our way through it.”
“Did Shurley say anything 'bout what happened?” he asked as he took the first bite of his lunch.
The pillow under his head felt fluffy and soft, the memory foam cushioning him the way it used to at the Bunker. Faint sunlight shone through his eyelids and the air was warm even where he wasn’t covered by silky sheets.
Cas just looked at him for a moment.
“Tempting,” Dean admitted, then sent a questioning look at Bobby.
It was a quick, messy hand job from both parts involved, Dean’s mind fogging up with the perfection that was Cas, his husband’s desire stroking his own. It only took a couple of minutes for Dean to lose it, Cas coming undone right after him.
“We’ve never talked about it, but do you know how demons are created?” he asked with a sigh.
“You never had a problem with me flirting before,” he frowned.
“They were talking about it,” he pointed at his temple. “How the Winchesters killed the great Azazel. I put it together. That still doesn’t answer what you are doing here.”
“Contrary to what you believe, darling, I have more important business than following the Winchester-show.”
“You’re the dude who made that amazing pie,” she pointed with it at Dean.
Dean felt full by the time he ate everything so he passed the car keys to Cas without a word. He was going to nap a bit more.
“Come in, Unit One,” a voice spoke from the radio attached to one man’s vest. “Come in, Unit One. Unit One, respond.”
Dean was already more than half-hard (and Cas didn’t seem much better) and he thrust into Cas’ hand mindlessly when his zipper was pulled down. There was just the barest of touches through his underwear before his pants were pushed down his hips.
Dean froze in place.
“Should I quote Bill Murray now?” the Alpha asked innocently.
“I’ll stop it,” his husband said, shoulders slumping in defeat as he looked out the window at the backyard.
Cas was pulling on his boxers but he turned around with a frown.
To be honest, he didn’t expect anything from this night. It had been a long day and they were getting from one stressful, life-threatening situation to another. Yes, there was the promise of a kiss, but that hardly meant anything. If the opportunity presented itself and Cas was game, Dean wouldn’t say no – hell, he’d be more than okay with finally getting into Cas’ pants, he’d wanted that for months, after all. But he wouldn’t push it. Honestly, he was just glad they were safe and could finally take a breath.
“Love you!” Cas shouted after them with a smile.
Dean pulled out his gun and shot her in the middle of the back. Twice.
Bobby wasn’t a better option either.
“The lightbulbs,” Cas pointed out and yep, he was right. No bulbs in the lamps.
“Yes?” she stood up.
“I think they learned their lesson from it. We should still keep tabs on them for a while,” Dean suggested.
Cas lifted their entwined hands and pressed a kiss to Dean’s knuckles.
“Of course.”
The food arrived shortly, and looked delicious. Dean was quickly helping himself to his, because Cas had been right, he was starving.
Dean looked at his husband. His brilliant blue gaze was stuck on the yellowed pages with a crease on his forehead, his face otherwise unreadable. The tension in his shoulders were betraying him, though.
“Yes. But that’s because you feel. You’re killed for showing any emotions – empathy, mercy, anger, anything – when you’re an angel. You can only feel faith and loyalty and love for Father.” Something occurred to him. “Dean, do you know how many angels have actually seen God? Face-to-face?”
“In the kitchen, sweetheart!” Cas shouted back and helped Dean to his feet.
That was nothing they hadn’t expected. They had talked about it, what they would say or do when the feds would come knocking.
That disaster was happening all over again because Dean was falling back into that mindset. Damn it.
They searched him uncomfortably thoroughly, and then he was led up the polished stairs and down a corridor made of stone like some medieval castle. They stopped in front of intricately decorated double doors and a man nodded at Dean to go inside.
He could feel Cas roll his eyes at him fondly before he went back inside to help Eileen.
“Mr. Dean Winchester?” one of them asked. Both of them were clean-shaven and wore suits, of course, badge flashing in their hands.
They checked that the kids were asleep before going downstairs. Cas went rigid when Sam stepped in the front door just as they reached the bottom of the stairs.
Dean gave him a lingering, chaste kiss, feeling Cas’ beard bristle against his palm, then let his boyfriend reunite with the others as he walked over to Henriksen standing with Bela a couple feet away. He handed the handcuffs and the key back.
“You never complained before,” he said.
Dean kissed back on instinct, his eyes closing. He thought it would be just a gentle, chaste kiss but then Cas’ lips parted and it became something deep and passionate and languid. Dean’s hands wandered to Cas’ waist to pull him closer and fingers were caressing his jaw and sliding into his hair and his heart was gonna beat out of his chest.
“No,” Dean lied. Cas spotted it immediately. He narrowed his eyes.
“Thanks,” Dorothy muttered, touching the gauze gingerly and handing Dean the water bottle they used to clean the blood away. He took a couple big gulp from the warm liquid before giving it back to her.
Henriksen took a step forward.
Benny held the door open for them and then went to probably get rid of Roman.
“Enough about the small talk,” Bobby waved away the topic of broken vacuum cleaners (Dean should repair that for him). “Whatcha need my help for?”
She then changed the topic to the strange headache which had been apparently Cas tapping into an angel communication system. The screeching he’d heard was him being still in the middle of his transformation but now he should get Enochian words without any of the uncomfortable side-effects. Theoretically he could just tune in and out, using it as he pleased just like a CB radio.
He’d been there on a mission, but after that he’d actually had some downtime and he’d spent it walking around the city, old, ornate buildings towering over him, a bit of history on every corner. Although the traffic was horrible and the streets were a maze.
Cas had later returned the favor with eagerness and intense focus, observing every one of Dean’s reactions and damn, the blue balls had been worth every damn second for the experience of coming apart under Cas’ touch.
“Give me that,” he breathed out.
“Please, stay,” Sam hurried to say. “They’re nauseating.”
“That was the problem, actually,” he admitted, his lips pulling into a grimace. “You were perfect.”
“Sex doesn’t count,” Dean protested.
“You sure about this, Castiel?” Jimmy asked his brother. “I mean, I understand that you wanna save him,” he nodded in Dean’s direction without any discretion, “but if you do this you can’t undo it. You sure he’s worth it?”
Not the point, but okay.
“Love your cock in my ass,” Cas answered and opened his legs wider. “Would you hurry up?”
“How’s it going?” Cas asked Bess, letting the little girl sit on his forearm like she wasn’t heavier than a bag of chips, just maybe more restless.
“Sure, use my husband as your science project,” Dean nodded sarcastically.
Cas’ gaze met his and his face softened, his posture loosening slightly. Dean smiled at him and Cas gave him a fond grimace back, shooting a glare at the blonde when she put a gun to his head.
“Cas, fuck,” he said eloquently, pulling Cas’ shirt out of his pants, trying to get to skin. They were really just getting in each other’s way in their hurry to rid the other of their clothes.
“That was when I started to suspect it,” Cas continued, crossing his arms. “It would’ve been arrogant of me to just assume I was an angel but I didn’t have any other ideas. Crowley enforced it, though.”
Cas was already waiting in the passenger seat, Miracle laying calmly in the back. She looked ready to sleep.
“Well, yeah,” he bit the inside of his cheek. “But you can handle yourself and you’re in this as much as me, so it’s your decision if you want to come with me to the reporter’s mother or not.”
“You can summon us any time, we’ll answer one way or another, but we can’t come to this plane by ourselves,” Naomi smiled again. “You don’t need us in your life, Castiel, you’ve never had. You can handle anything life throws at you and you have Dean. Still, if you just want to chat or need a little guidance, we’re here for you.”
“You like it,” Dean smirked and Cas rolled his eyes at him, a sassy comeback probably already on his tongue, but Dean shut him up with another kiss. It appeased Cas, luckily.
“Then just at ours and nothing that could harm him or others, got it?” he was surprised by how carelessly that rolled off his tongue. Maybe he was actually working through this shit.
There was a loud bang and Dean turned to look at his brother, who shot Dick in the head for good measure, even though he was already dead.
“She was with Kaia,” Jack answered with a smile.
He was probably right. What were the chances of those Men of Letters turning up in Santa Clarita anyway?
He’d find it pathetic if he heard that someone’s only bright part in their life was a bi-weekly call with a GSA worker they’d never seen. Still found it pathetic, to be honest. But Cas had a deep, rumbling voice, a dry sense of humor and an awesome, quiet kind of laugh Dean loved to get out of him.
“You’re no fun,” he pouted as they took two stools at the bar.
They tumbled onto the sheets, a small laugh escaping Dean’s mouth as the landing broke their kiss. Cas’ own chuckle was cut off with a gasp when Dean sucked and bit on his collarbone, bruising the skin in a place where clothes would cover it.
“Four men is a recipe for disaster,” Rowena declared. “You’re not going without me.”
“So any ideas?” Dean asked when they were inside the car, leaning back in the seat.
God, Dean loved them both so much.
When the door to the rooftop opened the next time, they were already gone.
“I’ll bite. Who are you?”
“Sure,” Sam muttered awkwardly.
“Roman was going after Cas, everybody knows that,” the first one – was that Cole? – rolled his eyes. “I would snap sooner or later.”
“Fantastic. Where are we going?”
“Dean, we should be on our way to Bobby,” Sam argued.
“Yeah, because he’s a control freak. But you can’t kill him for that.” Dean let Cas go, although his husband was still fuming. “He does the same with Claire?”
Cas shed his shirt quickly and unbuckled his belt, making Dean forget about the task at hand and he stopped to look on. Cas didn’t put on a show, he was efficient as he got rid of his pants, socks and boxers, totally shameless with his body and Dean could understand why. He just watched all that tan skin, the toned muscles under it flexing easily and Dean felt mesmerized.
” Charlie apologized like she was reading his thoughts. “
Cas stood up and walked over to him slowly as if not to spook him and Dean appreciated it because he felt like he wanted to run out of the world. A hand solidly gripped his shoulder and Dean grabbed it tightly with his own, closing his eyes and letting out a shuddering breath. They didn’t have time for this. They needed to move. He needed to pull himself together because someone was after them and he needed to keep Cas safe.
“It’s Dean, you moron,” the hunter grumbled.
“How am I supposed to cut these things up without it?” Den gestured at the vegetables on the desk next to him.
Now he just smiled back with a probably just as infatuated face, because he couldn’t help it. He was in love and he was proud of it.
“Let’s untie Dorothy and get out of here,” Charlie suggested, her tone gentler. “We’ll talk about it when we’re on our way.”
So Dean was the one who got to put his hands on them first. Yeah, he’d touched Cas millions of times before, but this… it was a whole new experience.
It was a familiar feeling, the open road before him, Cas beside him, humming to whatever song was playing at the time. Dean quite enjoyed it and why hadn’t they done this in years? Stopping for coffee and snacks when they filled the tank, their hands laced together between them on the bench seat. It would’ve been better with their children there, but there was something about it being just the two of them.
“Yeah,” Dean admitted. “I’m pretty sure.”
“You’re kidding,” he said in a flat voice, pushing it back. “You said we’re going to talk to her.”
“We’ve been cooped up here for weeks now. We haven’t done anything but goddamn research –”
He was pretty sure he wouldn’t get much of that tonight anyway, even when he was feeling like shit after the day they'd had. Might as well cross out something else from the list so he could snooze better later.
He’d known Cas had to have some fighting skills but the three men laying on the floor were highly-trained operatives.
“That’s the best I’ve got,” Bobby huffed indignantly. “Text you just read out loud without a hitch? Enochian – the language of angels.” He rolled his eyes. “You’ve got fuckin’ wings, boy. Ain’t that many creatures out there with those.”
“Where the hell are you?” Dean asked her on the phone, still standing on her doorstep.
Cas’ frown deepened.
“You think everyone on this list was there?” Cas frowned. “Isn’t that too many people?”
“You’ve gotta be kidding me,” Dean muttered as he walked up to it. “How much of a pretentious ass can he be?”
“Fine,” his voice was more of a squeak, much to his embarrassment, but Cas just nodded.
parenting when they leave Jesse alone all week,” Cas eyes flashed dangerously.
Before Dean could’ve nodded, Andy appeared from behind a car.
“What are you talking about?” Dean frowned.
“That, I got,” Cas sighed and followed him downstairs and into a half-full parking lot. Baby was waiting for them a block away.
“Yes, it was a very unprofessional job,” Dean agreed. “But me and my partner decided to take another look.”
Cas looked at Dean briefly, as if he would know more about how to handle this. Naomi followed his gaze and hummed thoughtfully, her head tilting in a familiar way.
“Maybe he could,” he threw his arms out, turning around to face the Alpha. “But he won’t.”
“I’m gonna go check the first floor and the basement,” Charlie whispered as they reached the front door, the creaking wood under their feet making Dean flinch. “You can check upstairs. If you find anyone don’t let them touch you.”
“I think you should keep digging,” Cas narrowed his eyes in thought. “Something’s wrong with him.”
It lasted up until he arrived back home.
“Nice. Let the little bitch take control, you freak.”
Cas, of course, heard that, and turned around to give him an adoring look and a bright smile. After he put on some jeans, he walked back to the bed and leaned down for a kiss.
“That could work,” Crowley mused, obviously thinking it over.
“Now, where should I start?” he grabbed a simple, sterilized needle and stepped up to Roman, gently touching the tip to his cheek. “Corner of the eye?” He moved the needle, pointing with it at Roman’s hand. “Under your nails?” Then he changed the direction until it was directly turned towards his groin. “Or let’s be literal abut you being a Dick?”
“Cas, you have to chill,” he grabbed his husband’s biceps to catch his glowing eyes.
“What, you got better things to do than help your brother in need?” Dean turned around to face him.
” Charlie asked in worry. Cas laughed into Dean’s shoulder.
“And he heard about Azazel from them.”
Cas let him just marvel at it, but Dean knew his husband wasn’t looking up like he did. He felt Cas’ gaze on his face, the pure love directed at him.
“Yeah, Gabriel Shurley,” Sam shrugged. “He’s probably the next target.”
Eileen’s eyes stopped on the angel, looking over the wings.
The hunter’s walls had already crumbled to dust a while ago and the thought, “I wanna kiss you,” slipped out before he could do anything against it. Cas’ nod was quick and came without hesitation and even though Dean was technically dead, he felt his heart hammering in his chest.
“The pleasure is with me,” Bobby said with a barely-there accent, his usual mid-western tone completely gone. The well-tailored black suit, the polished shoes, the wire-framed glasses and the carefully trimmed beard made him look nothing like the guy Dean loved as a father.
Then he started his short trip to Indianapolis.
“How would a human perceive it then?” Dean asked in thinly-veiled apprehension.
At first, he couldn’t see anything. The moon was on the other side of the mountain, and he could only see as far as his own hand. No far away lights of a city, no camp fire burning nearby. And it was completely silent, their breathing the only sound he could hear beside the wind. He felt like they had traveled back in time. The Earth had probably been like this millions of years ago, before humans took over and ruined her beauty. He couldn’t remember the last time he felt at such peace.
“Yeah,” Cas nodded tiredly and stood up. “You comin’?”
The research was torturous and monotone. They flipped through books and old magazines and the Internet. There was the sound of a car outside after maybe an hour, but nobody turned up at the door. Dean stood up after another fifteen minutes and decided to investigate. Neither Sam, nor Bobby even looked up as he walked outside.
“No.”
“You’re awesome.”
Dean got a little chocked up by that and he wished not for the first time to be able to kill someone twice.
“Thanks, Dad,” Claire grinned at him before getting into the backseat.
“Sammy, you need to find someone more permanent than a one-night stand.” He wasn’t judging, he just wanted his little brother to be happy. Dean was living the domestic dream for almost half his life now and he wanted that for Sam, too. “I know your work is important but you could find a balance.”
His hand reflexively went to the handle, warm blood soaking his palm and his shirt. He remembered her, it was hard not to. It hadn’t been two years since he'd last seen her.
“You would kill for less,” he pointed out. “But yeah.”
“We should do something about the vessels, right?” Sam suggested halfway out, clearly uncomfortable. “They were people with families and lives.”
“Of dying? No.” She looked at the top of her desk in thought for a moment. “I don’t know where you live but there is an organization, a secret society named the Men of Letters. They’re mostly academics, studying the supernatural, but they’re not above violence. I’ve heard rumors about them hunting down angels. I don’t know if they’ve found any or what they’d do with one. But you don’t want them anywhere near your life.” She pulled out a paper and a pen, drawing some kind of symbol from memory. She turned it around and Dean was surprised to recognize a Unicursal hexagram, a geometric shape he’d last seen in college. “This is the Aquarian Star, their symbol. You see it on anyone’s clothes, vehicle or even keychain, you should be out of there as quickly and quietly as possible.”
He hung up just before they arrived back to the motel.
“You think maybe he has your grace?” he asked. They had been thinking in terms of who would want to use Cas’ power to their own advantage. Never considered the possibility that someone would have it for keeping it safe.
“Seems like it,” Dean grumbled.
That was just fine by Dean.
“Dean’s a very capable mechanic with a charming personality,” Cas leaned back. “He handles every car trusted in his care respectfully and our clients know that.”
“Cas, that’s not gonna convince me to leave you to them, y’know?” he pointed out.
“Come again?” Dean arched an eyebrow.
“Dean –” he almost pleaded.
Dean pressed P3 and kept his thumb on the button. It gave him a kind of nostalgic feeling. He’d done this countless times in the fifteen years he’d worked here.
“No. No!” Then Cas’ screamed, his chest lifting from the bed like he was possessed. “No!”
“I’m hot-headed but I’m not stupid,” Dean scoffed. “Yeah, I was pissed that Roman couldn’t take no for an answer, but I wouldn’t have killed him for it. Imagined strangling him a couple times, sure, but it was more therapeutic than seriously considering it.”
He really hoped this wasn’t Heaven. It certainly didn’t smell like the Hell Cas had described.
“I’ll message through Charlie when I’m safe,” Gabe nodded, clapping Cas’ shoulder when they took a step back. “I’m taking this seriously now, little bro, don’t worry.” He shot a look at Dean and the intensity of it was the same as Cas’ murder glare. “If he’s harmed, hope you’re already dead.”
“C’mon, Alpha,” he gyrated his hips and Cas slipped one finger in easily, adding another shortly after.
They spent most of their time together but somehow this almost aimless cruising was freeing and Dean had really missed it.
Bobby’s house was already visible in the distance but Dean stopped and pulled a surprised angel in for a deep kiss. Cas melted against him like he always did, their lips moving in a well-practiced dance, tongues sliding together sensually. It was easy to get lost in the feeling and even though Dean’s stomach curled with low arousal (nothing unusual while kissing Cas, honestly), he didn’t feel the need to take it further.
“I mean it, man, satellites, cell phones, chips, net, the web, the clowns…”
“I read Bobby’s books all night. There were many mentions about angels healing and I thought I would give it a try.” The sudden alarm must’ve been obvious on Dean’s face because he continued. “I tested it already outside on a plant and a stray cat. Both were successful. And I was very careful, Dean, believe me.”
“July tenth, seventy-four, Pontiac,” Dean said without much thought.
“Fergus?” Rowena asked in disbelief. Who?
“Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio,” Cas said. “If he hadn’t been moved elsewhere since I last talked to him.”
“Yeah, I’m not. Beer it is.”
“You try to stay back,” Cas whispered, turning just enough to look at them. Dean returned his gaze, conveying as much reassurance as he was able.
“I promise you I explain everything on the way but I don’t trust anyone other than you and please help me.”
“I’m just saying. Wouldn’t even have to lie. ‘God’s a good kid and heaven rocks now, sign up here,’ you know?”
Dean doesn’t know what to do with the weird finality in that.
Except then there’s a lull in conversation, and Bobby sighs. “It’s good seeing you, Dean.”
“Cas… was here. He, uh, healed you,” Sam’s eyes flicker over and back from what Dean’s guessing is a gruesome scene behind him. “And then he said everything would be okay, and.. it was?”
Dean squares his shoulders, shakes the nerves out of his fingers. “I mean, when you figure out what you want, no point wasting time, right?”
Bobby grins. “What do you want to do?”
So he turns and raises his head, and Cas is right there. He meets Dean’s eyes and doesn’t look away. Doesn’t blink, just waits.
The list of really good, peaceful moments in his life has always been short. Short enough to probably count them on his fingers and have some to spare. Sitting in the grass with his brother and his dog, listening to the crickets and knowing the only big change coming is one he’s reaching for… He might have to kick off his shoes and count toes, at this rate.
Bobby’s entire opinion of that is a snort.
Bobby meets him on the steps of Ellen’s place, and that’s good enough proof there’s been some kind of interference on his behalf. The universe has never been that kind before. Finding out that that interference came wrapped in a familiar trench coat is enough to finally quiet that howling place in the back of his head where he locks down all his regrets. Cas is okay, Jack is okay, his mom and his dad and everyone he ever lost is okay.
It’s wild, that this is something they’re talking about -
His smartass of a brother just grins down at the ground and shakes his head.
He mulls it over for a second. Takes a drink of the shitty, perfect beer in his hand just for something to do and thinks some more. “Huh.”
All three of them get up, but Dean stays standing on the grass. Sam and the dog both look back at him from the steps with twin shaggy head tilts that bring that stupid grin back.
He and Bobby sit on the porch and drink terrible beer and talk about all the ways that everything is perfect here. If it doesn’t feel quite perfect, well, who’s he to look a gift horse in the mouth.
“You realize we’re the only people on earth who actually know the big answers?” He cocks his head at Sam. “We could start one hell of a cult.”
. Went out like I always knew I would and everything.”
Dean sighs, watches the stars for a minute while the words line up in his mouth until they feel right. “Sam, I think I want to try being happy.” The next part is a little harder to admit, but not as much as he’d have thought. “Think I might start with him.”
Sam’s going to be okay, and that’s the last thing Dean had left to worry about. He makes his peace, closes his eyes, and lets go of it all.
“Bobby tipped me off.”
“Already told you Cas was back in play, didn’t I?” Bobby’s eyebrow calls him an idiot. “And not for nothing, but you raised
“Hey, Sammy,” he tries, gentle as he knows how to be, and Sam hauls him in with a strangled laugh. It cracks into something wetter, and Dean hangs on with all he’s worth through the breakdown.
It’s a sudden rush, knowing he has the power to make the landing soft. “It's okay,” and that’s a voice he’s never heard out of his own mouth. “Cas, it’s okay. It’ll be okay.”
He keeps his eyes on the sky, but he can feel Sam staring at the side of his face for a long time. “Yeah,” Sam says at last and looks at the sky, too. “Yeah, that seems about right.”
There’s time to walk it back. Sam would let him, would probably make it easy on him. Dean fills his lungs with cool night air and lets the part of himself he’d always liked least stay dead.
Wanting big things has never been easy, but he thinks he can just about manage wanting small ones. He can want to cross the stretch of grass between them, and he can want to lay a hand on the back of Cas’ neck, and he can want to lean close enough to feel Cas sigh when Dean strokes his thumb over where the grace runs.
He can want those things, and somehow, easy and impossible, Cas gives him all of them. His eyes slip closed, and his hand comes up to anchor around Dean’s wrist. He leans in that last tiny distance, lets their gravity pull his forehead to rest against Dean’s, always meeting him an inch past halfway.
It makes Dean suddenly aware of his own empty hands. “Hi.”
He blinks, and opens his eyes to a dirty barn roof and Sam’s scared face. He looks like a strong breeze might break him.
There’s a stone in his gut until the air shifts behind his left shoulder in a way he’d know anywhere. He has to clench his jaw and blink, head still bowed, before he can turn around. Doesn’t bode well that he’s getting weepy already, but fuck it. Cas has seen him worse than this.
Big as it is, the bunker feels too small. He makes it through a couple hours in there before winding up sitting on the hill outside just after sunset, Miracle pressed up against his left side and Sam damn near doing the same on his right.
Bobby’s smile goes softer. “Kid, you’ve spent half a life living for everybody else. Maybe try something different for the other half,” he suggests.
Miracle starts getting restless eventually, raising his head off of Dean’s knee and shaking his body out. It’s way past his dinner time.
That gets him another blink, plus Sam’s mouth opening and closing like a fish, and he suddenly understands how much fun Bobby must have been having there for a bit. “I’ll tell you all about it, but we should probably go find those kids. Place is a tetanus shot waiting to happen.” He rolls his shoulder, just to feel where the hole in him isn’t anymore.
“We’re not starting a cult, Dean.”
“Dude,” Sam laughs. “Did you just paraphrase
about - but it’s been a hell of a day. A hell of a life, really, and Dean’s abruptly past giving a shit about things that don’t matter.
Dean nods along with him at the end and Sam blinks. “You don’t seem surprised.”
“You going to look for Cas?” he asks eventually. There are all kinds of layers in the careful evenness of his voice.
Dean... can’t really argue with that. Jack’s hands-off status seems to end at the pearly gates, and slipping Dean back through them might be on the table. Taking the logistics out of it leaves him dangling from his real question, though.
Dean shakes his head. “No, but… How would I get back?” The note of hope in there sneaks up on him.
Dean opens his mouth and doesn’t find an answer waiting on his tongue, wheels spinning on new ground.
He knows Sam’s run out of steam when the shaking settles down, and still neither of them let go. The worry starts to eat at Dean, though. “So, uh,” he raises his head from Sam’s shoulder to ask. “Are you… alright?”
Sam snorts and throw a handful of grass at him, and Dean can’t make himself care about the dumb grin on his own face. Sam goes quiet then for a while, but it’s the kind of quiet that says he’s got something big to say.
, Bobby?”
“Why…” He frowns. “I thought you could go anywhere now. Why’s it sound like you’re not sticking around?”
Bobby nods like Dean’s finally found the corner piece of the puzzle, reaches over and squeezes his shoulder, and the ache of missing him flares up like it never left. “Well, you got time. Go figure it out, and let me know what you came up with when you get back.”
“But… I’m done.” He clears his throat, tries to make it sound less like a question. “Bobby, I’m
“Cas, get your feathery ass down here. If I can man up and start this conversation, you can at least show up for it.” He swallows, and the rest comes out softer. “You said you always come when I call. I’m calling, Cas.”
And maybe Sam doesn’t get outside of a six-foot radius from him for the day and a half it takes them to wrap everything up and get home, but Dean’s not complaining.
Cas, it occurs to him, has seen him every way it’s possible to be, and somehow still wants him.
“You sure you’re alright with me chillin’ here?” she asked as they walked into the library, but was soon distracted. “Is that a real scimitar?” she ran to the shelf and lifted it. “Whoa! Can you teach me how to wield this? I could be such an Azeem at the next LARP event.”
“Charlie,” he picked up the next call.
“That’s great, sunshine, but are you really sure –”
He grabbed his coat and the bag from the sofa, briefly checked its contents, then waved at Dean to get moving. Dean didn’t like him at his back, but he went along with it because he needed Cas to trust him.
The psychic problem got solved rather quickly. Turned out Bobby knew a chic who was pretty good and promised to get in contact with her.
The orgasm washed over Dean like a tidal wave, drowning him completely, sweeping him away. He was faintly aware that he was cursing and screaming and Cas’ name was in there somewhere, too. His back arched off the bed and the Alpha’s shoulders would be a total mess from his nails clawing at them.
He found Cas leaning against a gray ’85 Buick Electra, looking up at the quickly darkening sky.
“Like Lucifer?” Bobby asked cautiously.
“Because it was you,” Dean sighed. “I mean, it took me days just to man up and ask you out.” Actually, he’d had a whole damn plan for that but in the end it had just tumbled out of his mouth and he’d felt like a bumbling idiot. Right up until Cas had said yes with that bright smile of his. “It was you and I… I really wanted it to work out.” He tapped on the wheel even now, Jesus. “We were there and I tried not to trip over my own feet and you were talking about bees. You had that shine in your eyes and… I was sixteen and I just knew I wanted to make you that happy for the rest of my life.”
Cas looked to the side and shifted uncomfortably.
Cas looked up and his smile was wide and wondrous. It definitely seemed like a yes.
, and a couple emojis as per usual.
Dean was busy not trying to get suffocated, stabbing the knife into the hellspawn’s shoulder. It didn’t kill him but it must’ve hurt like a son of a bitch because he stumbled up and away with a painful grunt. Dean rose to his feet and punched him for good measure. Then he was distracted by Cas.
Dean felt a hopeful smile tug at his lips as he walked inside to his family. Everything wasn’t okay yet, not even close, but together they could face anything. They could design their own form of normalcy.
She worked quickly and efficiently and Dean hardly felt anything thanks to the local anaesthetic. The bullet landed in the prepared whiskey glass in no time.
“I got a new neighbor,” Bobby grumbled at Dean’s raised eyebrows. “She’s persistent.”
Miracle seemed to immensely enjoy the attention lavished on her, which was kept up for the rest of the night. She got a bath and some leftover chicken and Claire already looked up the nearest grooming salon and pet store. Dean winced a bit just thinking about the cost of all that, but his kids were happy so he couldn’t really complain and ruin it.
“You’re the best.” Dean’s smile was weak but it was there.
Dean wouldn’t have minded if they stayed that way for a while but there were things to do and he pulled away reluctantly. He threw in a wink and a charming smile before getting out of the office and into the garage.
“I’m sure,” he nodded.
” he asked. There was a smirk in his voice.
Cas looked him over thoughtfully.
Cas actually seemed embarrassed as he smiled a little.
“Lilith?” he asked. “What does she want with it?”
“That you can’t taste anything. Or taste too much, whatever.”
“Where’s Cas?” he asked, looking around like Cas would just pop out of thin air – the fact that Cas could actually do that didn’t really count.
How the hell could he say no to that?
“I’m glad I could help,” Jack nodded.
Cas waited until they had their coffees in front of them before speaking up again, but he was staring Dean down all the while and it was kinda intimidating.
This was followed by Dean a short while later, when they had been cuddling in their still new bed, telling him how he’d been every time he’d lost Cas, how it had been harder and harder every time and how he’d just wanted to give up after Jack was born. Cas had held him through it, his chest steadily moving with every breath under Dean’s head.
“As always, first I have to make sure what this lady needs,” Dean patted the hood like they hadn’t had this discussion a dozen times before. “I’ll talk it through with Cas and then call you about the expenses.”
in just five minutes. The gate was already open, a car parking under the office window where the employees left their vehicles.
There was a devilish smile curling at her lips at that and she looked over at Sam with interest. Dean decided to left them to it.
“No, you didn’t, at least I hope so,” Cas corrected her hurriedly, then turned back to Sam. “Legal issues aside, what else did you find, Sam?”
Cas’ face softened and he put his hand on Dean’s, squeezing it tightly for a moment.
“What did you do?” he asked and he couldn’t help how his voice trembled with panic.
“God, parenting is hard.”
“Are you trying to convince me or yourself here, Cas?” Dean gestured between the two of them.
He released Dean’s hand and walked up to the tree, mindful of the big roots under his feet. He stood there for a long moment, searching for something Dean couldn’t guess. When he finally pressed his palm against the mossy bark, Dean expected… something. Maybe a bright light or a choir singing. But nothing happened.
“Of course you were,” he said and covered his face with his palm in annoyance. “Just my luck. You have to be a damn spy.”
“Let me say this,” he asked. Because he could finally say it. There was no one who would try to take it away. There was no reason to be a coward anymore. “The thing you thought you couldn’t have? Well, I thought the same about you.” Cas eyes went comically wide, mouth opening a little and Dean really couldn’t help how his gaze dropped to it for a moment. “I mean, you’re an angel,” he huffed a laugh but there was no bitterness in it like all the times he’d thought about this before. “Never even thought you could feel anything like that in the first place, let alone for me. After all the things I’ve done to you, how could you? And then I thought we were gonna die and you drop a bomb like that. I probably couldn’t have processed all you said in a week. And then you were just gone and I didn’t even have the chance to say it back.”
Her kid, Ben was cute and sharp and Lisa had made her interest clear from day one. Maybe ten years ago Dean would’ve jumped on the opportunity, but he’d worked for the CIA for close to fifteen years before they’d decided he wasn’t useful anymore. Now he was more paranoid than Skipper from Madagascar. He didn’t do hook-ups – or any kind of socialization, really – anymore. It was too dangerous, left him too exposed. He couldn’t afford a weak point like that, not after what had gone down with Sam.
Weird thing to be proud of your son for, but whatever. Maybe these entities had other standards.
He was surely reminded when Cas’ erection was sliding hot and hard against his with the next roll of their hips. He reached down to curl his fist around both of them and the wounded noise leaving Cas’ throat was porn-worthy and Dean’s mind went blank from the feeling. His hand moved mostly on auto-pilot by now, pre-come easing the way.
“I think we have other things to worry about,” Dean turned a bit to look at him.
“Jack prayed,” Cas grabbed his arm and pulled him inside the house, leading him quickly to the deserted hallway and out of sight. “They’re in trouble.”
“Hey, yourself,” Charlie gave her a fond look. “These are Dean and Cas. Guys, Dorothy.”
“Three years ago I’ve been sent to Iraq for months,” he started what he was sure Cas wanted to ask about but never would. He was too considerate for that. “Sam got a partner, Ruby. They worked great together at first from what I heard. They were having an affair – she got into Sam’s head and the kid fell for it.” His hand curled into a fist. “She wasn’t dirty, no. But some people up the chain wanted to experiment. They arranged a fake kidnapping and got Sam hooked to a new drug called Demon Blood, which is basically LSD on Speed. Ruby ‘found’ him and kept him provided with the stuff because she was nice like that. Played him, tested how long Sam can go without it, experimented with the doses.” Dean sighed. “When I was back, Sam kept it from me and I knew something wasn’t right, but I didn’t find out anything until it was too late. Sam and Ruby were on a mission in Beirut and Sam OD’ed. He killed a bunch of civilians and almost sent a building flying. I was sent in to diffuse the situation.” Dean paused to finish off his beer. “I killed Ruby, took Sam to a hospital. Both of us retired quickly and quietly after that. Since then he’s been…” he made a probably incomprehensible gesture with his hand.
Rowena was waiting for them in the foyer, Sam standing close to her.
“Cas –” he started but he was shut up by a quick, hard glance.
His brother was asking about where they were and reporting that he'd just dropped Claire and Jack off at school. Dean texted back quickly. They had agreed previously that they would speak of Roman only in person and Dean wasn’t idiot enough to google the guy for news.
“Just keep it down,” he rolled his eyes.
“Will Cas like this?” he blurted out. “I mean, not like we really need two cars. Why am I spending so much time on a pimp mobile when he maybe won’t even use it?” Because Cas had wings now, not like he would need fucking wheels to get somewhere when he could just flap to the other side of the planet. Giving him a present he wouldn’t need wasn’t something Dean wanted. Maybe he could think about something else altogether before he was out of time. He only had like… two months until their anniversary and Cas’ gifts were always awesome.
“He’s my brother,” Cas said and sat down on the nearest chair.
“Well, you don’t have to,” Dean said carefully.
Claire and Jack were in the living room, watching TV.
A second or two later Cas’ face lit up with a bright grin that turned into his focusing frown. He looked at Dean for a moment who nodded again. Cas’ wings beat the air once, almost taking out the window and then he was gone, the residual wind ruffling Dean’s hair and clothes.
“So?” Cas asked as soon as they turned on the interstate.
“Not yet, but we brought in a team. Bevell and Ketch are already working on it,” Dorothy said with a grimace, distaste for her colleagues clear in her voice.
The apartment was clean and orderly. The walls were painted in light colors which made the place bright and homey. The kitchen was directly on the left, an island separating it from the living room. The two doors leading from there were probably opening to the bedroom and the bathroom – Dean confirmed that a minute later as he scooted out the place.
“Problem?” Cas challenged him, a frown appearing between his brows.
They walked up to the entrance of Level P1, Cas a step behind Dean who was playing the authority figure of the two of them. The system granted them access without problem after Dean had typed in the code, and he led Cas to the first elevator.
“So you’re cheating,” the Omega accused him.
“Please, sit down, Mr. Winchester,” Valente gestured at the couch and waited until both Dean and Cas obeyed. Neither of them were trying to be intimidating, casually leaning against Dean’s desk. “There will only be a couple things we’d like to know. This is more of a routine questioning than anything.”
“Your contact?” Cas blinked in surprise. He was still studying Dean’s hard expression, his face softening after a moment. “I’m sorry.”
“Of course,” he said easily, trying to be casual about it because anything else would just make her uncomfortable.
The agents were quick to get Bela into a limo and start driving towards the street.
Sam and Cas were sitting at one of the tables, talking quietly, Cas briefing Sam in on the last few days.
“You thought about this,” Dean realized.
There was no way in hell he would let their children close to a ritual like that. If Cas really wanted to meet his apparent parents, so be it, Dean supported him. But Claire and Jack would stay out of it.
“We’re hoping we can do more,” Cas told her gently.
It didn’t take another fifteen minutes before they were ready to go. The Impala was parked before the garage so that made it necessary to interact with their neighbors who were leaving for work at the same time.
“Thank you for your time, Professor Novak,” she fluttered her lashes, sending an annoyed look at the other men. Her scent was full of blooming lilies and aconites. Something ugly twisted in Dean’s stomach.
“I love you,” he let the grin take over his face, looking into Cas’ brilliant blue eyes. Fuck, those eyes…
He wouldn’t be opposed to sex, but he would’ve still liked to sleep a little bit more before that. Jesus, he was getting old. Trading sex for sleeping, even just in his head. Damn, that was a new low.
The voice made his blood run cold. It was impossible, how could…
He waited for another five minutes before going to find Cas. He didn’t need to search long. Cas was on the backporch that was running along the length of the house, leaning against one of the pillars. His phone was in his hand and he was swirling it between his fingers thoughtfully as he looked out into the dark woods. The night wasn’t warm, but he didn’t seem to be cold.
“Guys, I think we found ourselves a wingless angel,” she smirked at Cas as he joined Sam and Dean. “Should we bring you home with us, handsome? Alastair would like you.”
“I know the feeling,” he shot an amused look at Dean who made a wounded noise at the accusation. It made Kate giggle.
“The Omega here killed one of her generals. She wants his pretty soul for herself,” Crowley shot him an almost hungry look that sent a chill through Dean’s body. Somehow he didn’t think getting under this Lilith’s thumb would be a beach party.
“Smart,” he admitted.
“Bobby, not for nothing, but Cas isn’t very angelic,” he added. “Sorry, babe, no offense, but you just killed someone,” he murmured to his husband.
“Yeah, that’s why I’m askin’,” Dean sassed back.
But this thing with Cas was permanent, he was the Mary to Dean’s John (or the Colette to his Cain, he’d always thought that was more fitting) and if his dad couldn’t swallow that pill, Dean would have to deal. Not that Cas was a fan of the Winchester-patriarch either, which okay, understandable, but still.
“Yes, Dad,” Jack nodded. He hugged Dean tightly, an apology in itself.
Cas pulled back a little, just enough to look at him, his eyes dark, the flush on his cheeks clearly visible in the low light, his lips pink and shiny and pulled into a smile. Dean grinned right back, probably looking like an idiot, the huff of a laugh escaping his mouth.
“Hey, not judging, you know that. You just got a speed-dial to the parents you’ve never seen. You can feel conflicted about it, babe.”
“Uh,” Dean frowned and went over his mental list, crossing out combat zones, military bases and dictatorships which were surely not what Cas had meant. “Maybe, uh, Budapest?”
“Yeah,” Sam nodded, getting a kerchief from his back pocket to wrap his palm in it. Dean did the same as he moved closer to Cas.
Dean hardly registered how he covered Cas’ hand with his, their fingers entwining in a loose grip. It was an almost instinctual movement by now, touching Cas at least some way, feeling his warm skin against his own. The angel shot him a small, pleased smile every time Dean did it and he soaked up that reaction with everything he had.
“Cas, what the hell?” he asked, hardly noticing how the stripper had scrambled off the platform and disappeared.
“That’s a first,” Cas gave him a brief smile. “I’ll be back,” he looked at Dean for a moment longer as if he didn’t want to leave him, then he disappeared at the corner.
“I’m yours, Cas,” he nuzzled into the Alpha’s stubbled cheek and the sentence was way easier to say than he had expected. It was true anyway.
“I didn’t lie,” the Alpha protested.
“I just know it’s not easy to get the jump on her,” she shook her head lightly, her lips pressed into a thin line. “She called me maybe an hour ago. She was scared, Dean, and Dorothy just doesn’t get scared.”
Now Dean was really offended, but he didn’t really have a right to contradict Cas. It really had been stupid and he'd regretted it ever since.
“Dude, don’t rain on my parade,” Dean scoffed, then stopped for a moment. “You looking at my ass, Cas?”
Dean kept it up until Cas was practically melting into the bedding. He hummed lowly and cleaned his hands with a wet wipe they kept around whole packages of anyway. Then he went for the right wing.
“The entire back half of the Guatemala file has been blacked out,” Bobby started as soon as he was finished, looking through the pages again. “But there’s a list. Eleven names. Plus one that’s been redacted.”
“Sam? Sam! Charlie, what’s happening?”
“You have a little inkling what they are, don’t you?” Crowley shot him a slimy smile. “Here’s the deal. You have until the Omega’s due date to put the pieces together. And when you do, you gonna do me a little favor.”
There were a couple moments of silence, everybody mulling over the hoard of information.
“We’re family, Cas,” was all Sam said with a smile. “You’ll do the same for me.”
“Chief, I think you’d like to know that Roman is here.”
Well, it was already gone, replaced with a frown and narrowed eyes.
“My sex life is fulfilling, thank you. Dean can take care of my every need,” he said bluntly. Valente coughed awkwardly and Dean tried really hard to hide his grin as he took Cas’ hand to press a kiss on his knuckles. “I’m not gonna rip apart my marriage for a… a ‘fling’, agent. I love Dean with my whole heart and I’m perfectly happy with where I am in life.”
“Remember that guy?” Sam asked Dean with recognition in his eyes.
“Hey, no, not what I was getting at,” Dean crooked a finger under his chin to turn his head in for a sweet kiss. “If you like it, do it. Not gonna take fucking
“What you gonna do while I sleep?” Dean asked as he pulled on a fresh pair of boxers.
“Right?” Dean grinned at her. “We have a room prepared for you.”
“No,” Cas said simply as he walked by them and slid into the backseat.
His pants were getting uncomfortable and Cas could really do that clothes-disappearing trick he’d done last time. No luck with that, though, because Cas’ hands landed on his belt instead and quickly opened Dean’s jeans. It was a relief and Dean’s knees buckled when Cas’ palm wrapped around him in an unforgiving, smooth, if a little dry grip. His angel kept him steady and it took Dean a distracted second or two to return the gesture, feeling Cas throbbing in his hand.
“We’re not that bad,” he argued. He heard the front door open with a loud creak and a broad smile crept onto his face. He saw Sam and Charlie share a glance. “Shut up.”
Then he hit his head on a shelf.
“I know.” He could feel Cas’ smile as his husband leaned down to kiss his shoulder.
