“That’s nothing. They needed help and I could do it. You needed me. It was nothing.”
“Tony is in love with you.”
“Hi, are you free tonight? And if you are, do you want to meet some of my friends? They’d really like to meet you.”
He gets bolder, after that. Telling Tony he likes his suit at galas (Sam had told him to tell him “You look like my next boyfriend,” which is ridiculous because he hadn’t even told him that he
confused Stark, Steve speaks again, “I missed you. You shouldn’t go for too long again. Dum-E gets sad. Plus, I miss seein’ you ‘round. Awful mean of you to take my fella for weeks,”
Tony’s staring at him.
love.
On a Sunday in May, Tony gets his morning kiss while orange sunlight falls over the two of them, and all Tony can think about is the ring on his finger and how he will be
He’s a really good liar.
“Details.”
“Sorry, I just had formula on me. Little asshole decided to spit up on me earlier. Although I don’t know if that makes it worse-“
“You’d think that make it easier to forget you,”
“Do you want me there or not, Tony?” Steve says, but he’s smiling. Good. Steve should always be smiling.
Steve thinks he’s won this round.
“Tony,” and Steve’s eyes are fluttering shut and that’s just fucking
“Wondering what?” Steve responds gently, because he knows Tony needs that push, sometimes. He does. He’s not as confident asking for things as the press seems to think.
and Tony doesn’t know how to say he’s not sure who he is. “You scared me. I don’t have it in me to yell at you right now, but don’t think you’re getting out of it, mister.” The man raises Tony’s fingers and kisses his knuckles, eyes closed like he’s treasuring it, and Tony wants more than anything to remember this man, this man who seems to love him so much he’d wait by his bed for days.
He wants Tony to call him
But none of that is going to happen, because Steve came home to all o Tony’s things gone from their shared room, the frame that had a photo of both of them
It’s warm, home, Tony’s rough hand on his cheek, trained and familiar as if they’ve never spent a moment apart, as if this is them on the team couch. Tony kisses like he always does, and Steve melts in his grasp, because he’s weak for Tony.
“I like watching you at most times,” he blurts out, because it’s true and flirting has to be
Steve does not say, “But once I met you, found out you were this stubborn asshole who actually gives that much of a shit about
“I know this is hard for you, Steve,” Tony says, and look at him, being all grown up and talking about
“I’d like the same,” Steve says, and sucks in a breath, “And a strawberry milkshake, please.”
He doesn’t get it, not really. How can Captain America and Iron Man dancing at a gala can help with anything PR related?
“Hi, Tony,” he tried to speak, shit, shit “I’m just gonna sort out the mess, and then I’ll talk to you- although now I’m thinking about it, I’m actually kinda tired, so I might bounce-“
“Everyone you know will be there Rogers. Including your mystery man.”
“That guy, you like,” Tony pauses, “He’s- I don’t think he’s the jealous one.”
This is for Steve, Tony realizes. He can’t stand to be around the love of his life and not see that in him.
“Stop staring, Stars and Stripes,” Tony says, not looking up from his work. The torch is gone and a wrench had taken its place.
It’s not Captain America anymore. It’s
He could have this.
One day, Steve had seen Wanda having a chocolate bar, something called Dove. He’d been walking around the building with only, and Tony had noticed his smile, (because Tony was like that, he noticed things like his joy) and listened to Steve ramble about some story about military chocolate, and how when he was a kid, he scrounged up change.
But Tony’s staring at him. He’s staring at him in the debrief and he was staring in battle and he’s staring now, when Fury’s talking and Steve’s not listening.
And it had all been downhill from then, really.
“You like it?” Steve’s smiling, and he should be smiling
teeth showing, smiling in the way he always does when Steve plays along with his antics. He used to find doing that exhausting. Now it’s worth it just for the grin.
“Sure. Now, how did you, when did you drink-“
“You’re not dating Steve.”
and hope is hammering in his chest like his heart’s trying to hop out.
An hour later, Steve hears a knock on his door. It’s all so melodramatic, stupid and silly and he should get over it, but he wants to yell whoever is there to
Now’s not the time for his
“What I
And so now, here Steve Rogers is, in the twenty-first century, trying to figure out how to flirt with his best friend who he kind of lives with and who pays for all his stuff and also happens to be the most eligible bachelor on the globe.
It strikes him one morning, when Tony is still in his workshop clothes, a grease stain across an MIT sweatshirt that he’s not sure how he still fits into, and he smiles.
She’s silent and guilty and her hands have fallen off her hips and-
They’ve warmed up after he’s moved into the tower, after Steve had practically broken into his workshop and told him he was sorry for not being a better man, and that he could never apologize enough for misjudging him.
Tony stays silent for a second, and Peter stirs, and the conversation ends.
“Cap, you’ve been my type since I knew what a type was.”
What he was proudest of.
how much he wants these things.
Tony rambles, and Steve assures him, and he places his hand on the small of Tony’s back (it’s too much to take, Steve, you’re
“The doctor says that old patterns are what I need, I’m assuming we weren’t on the rocks-“
then, like he’s overwhelmed by it all but
like something out of a storybook. He’d never believe him if he said that Tony had
sorry, I never meant to pressure-“
It’s Tony’s
meeting his friends, probably laughing and flirting with Steve, who’s strong and good and flirting with Tony, and it’s- it’s a lot. James isn’t handling it well.
Honestly, if Steve changes his mind, he can’t blame him. He could enjoy this, besides it’s not like he’s allowed to leave.
“No, I only told you. And if you knew a billionaire, you might wear shirts without grease stains once in a while.”
And Steve’s crying, not a lot but it’s
Steve’s kind, and sweet, and
and all he can think is
“Steve? You okay?”
“I’m sorry,” he says, now that his heartbeat has slowed, replaced by dread. He knows Tony’s here because he wants to let him down easy.
“It is when you’re a Baseliner. You must be fucking wasted right now.
“You’re mine.”
Steve still sounds like he loves him, and the selfish part of him thinks that can be enough.
“Thanks man, took you long enough-“
“In, uh, Siberia.”
“What do you think?”
He closes his eyes for a second and lets himself picture it. Tony wanting him back. Tony seeing him as something
This time, Tony asks when Natasha got bored and is teaching them some basic ballet, Bucky making heart eyes at her and Thor trying to lift him Bruce.
Still, it can’t have changed too much, right? People were always the same, really.
coming home. It’s love, pure and simple.
“You can’t be with me because you promised you would.”
for, the man’s jealous streak a mile wide. It’s all satisfying, the laughter seconds away, until-
A lot of people can make Tony smile. He’s not sure he’s one of them.
“I have to go sign some things, get that Hulk Suit finalized, thanks babe.”
it, because his brain is just a track on repeat
in a month. The invitations are sitting on his desk, and Steve is downstairs, leaving him.
“Yeah, I’ve seen Rhodes in the suit and he’s obviously great, but you- It looks good. You’re good at flying it.”
“They’ll clean faster if you get them cleaned-“
,” Tony’s voice is like expensive whiskey, beautiful and rich like his eyes that look at Steve, and a part of Steve that has been missing since 1940 feels whole again, “Would it be okay if I kissed you?”
He’s also beautiful, brown eyes and permanently messy hair, the prettiest smile and gorgeous. Every time Steve sees him he wants to sketch him, put pencil to paper so he has some proof something like him existed in front of him. And crazy enough, Tony wants him
“What?” Steve replies dumbly. It’s all he can say.
an ache since Steve hadn’t visited.
She smiles, when they watch the movie. Tony settles next to him, and he can feel his surprise at how well this is going.
“His name is Dum-E and he’s meant to be a learning bot and he doesn’t learn and I hate him.” But he’s smiling when he says it, and Steve warms at the thought of Tony messing with a robot like it’s a puppy. It’s how he talks about him most of the time.
In the kitchen, he tried to take deep breaths, tried to think it was
“What the hell is that?” He says, without thinking, pointing at the reactor. It’s still glowing. Of all the negatives that came with a large piece of tech- the glow was definitely not one of them. A light to show that he’s
Tony walked in. He could smell him.
brown eyes full of affection, and then he looks at Steve. It’s like a spotlight, the way Tony’s affectionate gaze feels on him.
the goofy smile that gives Steve all kinds of ideas.
Steve pauses, and then chooses to
Tony had been calling him Steve, but the contexts he’d been seeing Tony lately had been different. He’d seen him more in mornings and in sweatpants, more in contexts of coffee and lunch and spare time in lives where that sort of thing was an immeasurable luxury.
Faith in that was what he needed.
him. They’re friends.
and he speaks.
“Welcome home,” Tony says. Steve wants to interject he’s never been here before, that this is new.
(Tony would keep the photos of the two of them. It’s not like Steve needed them.)
made that coffee, that
How many homes had he taken a hit in the field, and ended up in the hospital and thought,
When he enters the hospital, Peggy, the nurse who’s helped them since the beginning- she’s
“Wake up, Wing-head,” Tony whispers, because the sun is rising and it’s a Sunday, and Steve likes to watch the sunrise when they have the time to.”
The beard’s a new sensation. Normally, Steve shaves in the morning and even when he doesn’t get the chance, he just gets a stubble. This is different, though.
Natasha and Tony have an odd sort of fondness between them. Nat’s love is kind of quiet, warm and good, like a hum you have to let there be quiet to here.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What’re you thinking so hard there?” Steve says handing him a mug, intentionally brushing their fingers. God, it’s like they’re kids.
“I know you’re Steve, honey,” and it slips because Steve looks so
“Steve, wanna lift me? Bet you can spin me around like I’m in Swan Lake!” Steve turns red, the smirk in his voice and the joy in his tone, strong arms out daintily like he’s a ballerina.
Tony comes into the workshop as Steve’s reading the article on his phone, and Tony- he’s
to be a bit entranced by him. He’s funny and beautiful and kind, anyone can see it.
Loving Steve makes him better. It makes him stronger, better, and- he’d like to think he makes Steve better too.
“You threw it in honor of your mother, of her charity. And I saw you give that speech, play the piano and I-“
Tony lights up at that, and pulls Steve over to the crib to look at him (he’s touchy, his hands are calloused, nothing like what that Armani suit would suggest) and looks down at the little boy.
“I… I need to go and get something from art class. I’ll see you ‘round, okay. Sorry for- everything.”
“You like diners? God, that’s adorable, You’re adorable, Capsicle. Precious.”
“Breathe, Rhodey, I got you,” Imaginary Tony says, like a million times he’d done to him when he’s scared and alone and he
Steve loves that smile, how vibrant and bright Tony always is, and now- he
and good and that kind of Tony is the kind to be cherished.
“Wanna watch you,” Tony replies, as Steve sits up a little, JARVIS opening the curtains. Tony smirks, eyebrows wiggling silly and suggestive, and Steve, god help him, just looks endeared.
because Steve’s seeing him more.
Today, Steve’s taking his Ma to the hospital for another round of chemo- and it’s silly, but the photo of Dum-E trying to help his master and also almost killing him- well. He’s very lucky to have that right now.
like he’s at a goddamn show in 1945 and no one would look his way.
and Steve would hold his hand. He’d politely stand between the women who flirt with Tony and he’d have a
Even if it’s just Steve who’ll be happy.
brilliant at flirting, and Steve had seen it first hand, how trained fingers run across champagne glasses, how his throat sounds like his voice would taste like whiskey and warmth, how his affectations always seem to land in the center of his target’s chest.
There it is.
Steve looks up at him, wet lashes and red eyes, and shudders out the most heartbreaking sound escapes his throat.
“The guy you like,” Tony blurts, too fast and unreadable, clearly unhappy still, “Would he be jealous if he saw you with someone else?”
“Really?”
Which of course is true, and it’s a relief to bed even slightly honest about something he thinks of
strawberry, He’d thought about this a lot, about splitting a milk-shake with Tony, about how close his mouth would be to his own, about how he would wipe a little bit of pink off of Tony’s mouth, how it’d get caught in his beard and how they’d laugh-
________________________
“Your what?” Tony says, when they’ve pulled back, like he’s said the funniest thing in the world, and he is the
But Tony’s
Steve learns quickly, the language of Tony Stark. It’s intricate; he lashes out, doesn’t accept gratefulness, but does so much for the ones he loves. He’s kind and lovely and gets coffee in his facial hair and gets motor oil on his clothes.
Steve laughs, mostly a sob.
Tony’s smiling when he walks away, and it’s amazing. It’s- really, really good.
“Well,” Tony said, laughing nervously, and he wants to seem normal, shit, “that’s… good?”
“You should go. I don’t hang out with baseliners. And I’m not someone you’d want to be friends with.”
“Tony, I shouldn’t have been so intense about my…feelings,” and it’s hard not to remember the feel of Tony in his arms, how Tony had cuddled him to sleep, “I shouldn’t have told you while I was so out of it, or been so direct but- I’m not sorry for feeling that way.”
Silence dances between them as they turn around to the music.
“You too.”
great he looks.
“You should be, Captain, I honestly didn’t know what being gay was until now and I’m frankly offended you’d bring it up now.”
That can’t be right. That sounds like his boyfriend (he never mistakes Tony voice, the deep baritone sweet like chocolate and espresso,
“You oughta’ know I’m not going anywhere, Rogers. I’m a sure thing. You know that.”
It’ll be okay. Steve promised he wouldn’t be a stranger.
life, Tony,” he laughed back, sipping his beer, “How do you think he even knew?”
Things are easy with Tony. He’s funny, and charming, and asks about garlic and mirrors and stupid shit, makes him laugh and appreciates his dry humor.
Watching realization write over Tony’s face would be really funny if it was under any other circumstance.
Before he can answer, Colonel Rhodes starts dancing with him, arms around his waist as the music changes, and Steve is still happy, because Tony is smiling.
And now, lovely, sweet, kind Tony, the man who he loves, the man who
He’s a good man, the best Steve knows. He can’t count the amount of times he’s saved his life.
Now, in a chapel, where Tony who doesn’t believe in God is praying for him because he knows Steve would want him to.
Steve shifts so he’s sitting on the edge of the bed, where Tony stands in the gap between his legs, too close for friends having a spat, and Tony’s hand still on his cheek.
Steve.
“Well, yeah. I made it. ‘Course I know how to use it.” Tony laughs a little, like he wasn’t expecting to hear anything but a reprimand. “You okay, Cap?”
to do so.
They kiss, in front of sponsors and donators and Tony tastes like perfection, smells like expensive cologne and motor oil. He can never
He wakes up with a bar of chocolate on his desk, a brand that hasn’t existed since he’d been 23.
Steve blinks, just for a moment, and then, he just- opens up, beautifully. Relief is all over his face, that and love, something beautiful and bright and blinding.
Tony smells like fancy cologne and like metal, so warm in his arms and melts to his touch like he was made for it- engineer’s fingers light, one palm on Steve’s cheek and the other around his neck, his own arm’s around Tony’s middle-
It aches and it aches and it aches, and he loses it, when Tony, the best man he knows is standing in front of him, thanking him for being what he needs. That’s everything he wants to be.
you’ve sat up with me when I can’t sleep and you listen to me, you’re kind and you’re funny and you say good shit when you don’t shut up so don’t fuckin’ talk shit about my fella.” There’s a
“Why on earth would you think I lied about it?”
me, J. I could drink things quicker that’ll make me feel that way. More time efficient.”
He notices Tony before he can say hello, and wipes his face, runs a hand through his hair like that’ll help him not look like he’s in incredible pain.
“What?”
And then, then Tony sighs, that way he has so goddamn much lately, and it damn near breaks Rhodey’s heart.
“I tell you that I love you,” Tony finishes.
Steve needs to be touched, needs
It’s embarrassing how badly Steve wants to play the role instead.
It really was a lovely Sunday when Tony lost the man he loved.
As in, rough hand on the side of Tony’s cheek, other arm twined around his waist, pulled close but somehow being propped up against the wall, and part of him wants to figure out how this is working physically and the other part of him is kind of just
and tempting?
He comes home at 3 o’clock and James is waiting for him, and touch starved Tony flops down next to him, instantly cuddling into James, and sighs.
“Thor, cut it out.” He snaps.
Clint and him were about to spar one afternoon, when Steve saw Tony walk in the gym, smiling wide at the two of them. Steve was well versed in Tony’s looks, and this one is
large part of him wants to
“Tony. I need you to concentrate. What year do you think it is?”
Steve snuggles closer, and Tony feels hope cloud his chest, for the first time, more than the emptiness.
He won’t tell.
“Don’t you dare say that-“
“Did you say hang out? You’re a hundred, that’s not allowed, how is that allowed-“
“I’m gonna kiss you now,”
but Tony’s presence isn’t going to. He ages and changes and shifts like the planets but his presence is constant.
Trust comes easy.
“I missed you,” Steve says, into the crook of Tony’s neck.
“I need- Tony, you’re the smartest person I think
“I can’t,” Tony says, and it hurts, the sadness in his voice, “My dad- I don’t know the first thing about being a father.”
Tony’s looking at him now, and it’s nothing like he thought it’d feel back, not like how he looks at his work, or how he looks at friends. This is for
And god, he feels so
“You can’t just
“What?”
The team is waiting for him when he steps off the jet. It’s just a meeting, he’s only been gone for days, he doesn’t get why they’d care-
____________________________________
It doesn’t matter.
Tony is great with the kids, meets one of the toddlers named Harley and just takes to him like they’re kin. He’s just- so
“You kind of are, Tones.”
Hip sway and a smirk, a record with a needle, and joy all over the silly face he’s so fucking
Tony smiled, just
Tony looking at him when he draws, brown eyes warm and fond over him. Tony’s gaze could burn out the ice that sticks in his chest.
wants his name to be warm on his tongue. He never, ever wants to be
“You said you’d call me Steve,” he hates how small his voice sounds.
He can’t stop looking at the beard.
that there’s interest (and affection, there’s
Blonde, beautiful Carol who laughs like summer and has a smile like sunshine and who loves Tony like a brother. He’d been so grateful for that, that she’d seen in Tony something
But Steve’s been with him long enough to deserve to say goodbye in person.
Because Tony flirts like he breathes, all easy charm and endless charisma, the kind of sweet-talk you could rot your teeth with. And he’d seen it with Bruce, the nicknames and the laughter, how easy touch came between the two of them. He’d seen it with Pepper and Sergeant Rhodes, how Pepper was “the light of my life” and Rhodes was “honeybear,” and it’s just-
He declines and laughs because that seems safer than everything else he’s thinking, and he feels better when Tony laughs, squeezes his hand.
But then he sees Tony, and before he has a thought about it, Tony flings himself into his arms.
“No,” Tony says, tipping up James’ head to meet his eyes, and he loves looking at Tony, “He said it was obvious I liked someone else.”
He’s wearing a suit, tailored to perfection. There’s something wonderful about Tony, in his element. This time, he asks Steve to dance as a means to show they get along.
6 hours later, JARVIS notifies him that Steve has been waiting. For 6 hours.
The people he love already like Tony. Peggy is showing off her electric shock, Tony’s big eyes are batting at Nat’s red ones, and Bucky seems to like him. It fills him with a lot of pride, that the people he loves like each other.
was involved in this?”
“Steve’s a pretty face. You’re his soulmate. Talk to him.”
“Are you saying you only want me there for my looks? Mr. Stark, that’s
He’s out of the room within the second.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean- I really can’t remember what’s going on. How did I end up in a hospital?”
genuine and warm, “if hanging around with you is stupid, then that’s what I am. Also I don’t think before I speak. That makes me kinda stupid as well.”
“I thought I just smelt like engine grease and possibly pop-tarts.”
“Steve, they already avoid me.”
“2012?”
“Thank you, Tony.”
Tony doesn’t expect to see Steve until the morning, but when he comes down for a snack at 2am, he sees Steve Rogers sitting in the kitchen, alone with a glass of milk and god, obviously
The first day he sees Tony, bright and brilliant, is in the advanced math class.
Unlikely things happen all the time.
“Things you should call me?”
“I thought we agreed you’d call me Steve.”
“Does it matter? Does it really matter if Steve’s not good for Tony, or if he is? Tony doesn’t
It’s okay. Steve’s happy. It’s okay.
“If that wouldn’t be too much trouble.”
“We’ve got a month, sweetheart,” Steve says.
She laughs, and Tony smiles back at her, and that’s so like him, a dramatic silly thank you for letting him watch TV with her legs up.
Steve doesn’t even say goodbye.
“I’m not planning on keeping you waiting any longer.”
____________________________________
and Steve just couldn’t stop looking.
he wants to lean into it, “And I don’t dance.”
“Well, if he liked me, sure. Why?”
But Steve is most certainly not like that when he’s drunk.
“I was wrong.”
Tony pats his shoulder out the door and takes most of his heart with him.
Tonight though, he’s going to soften under his lover’s touch and let it heal him in ways that words can’t, and be grateful for the man
“There’s nothing you can do. “
“Yes,” he says, honest, because when Tony’s with him, looking at him, touching him, it’s fine. Everything’s great.
Tony could cry.
He wants to say something else, offer Tony comfort but what the
him, loving
“Tony, I am
before any of us. He doesn’t know how to function without you and he’s so scared of losing you he can’t see straight when he thinks about it.”
“Is that way you’ve, uh, been saying that sorta stuff?”
“Very much, thank you.” It’s kind of weak. “The company is effervescent, handsome.”
Tony looks gorgeous in a suit, which Steve already knew. However, it’s an entirely different experience to know that Tony was with
If Tony wanted him, then maybe-
“And I love you, Rhodey. Enough that everyone can tell, enough that everyone around me keeps lecturing me to ask you out-“
He watches Tony’s face flash in hurt before the mask he wears settles back over his face (Rhodey doesn’t get why he still thinks that works after 25
He goes to the kitchen to grab another drink, and when he comes back, he sees Thor and Tony.
“Who?”
It’s a month from when he first decided to flirt with Tony that they’re sitting here, and it’s also a Sunday. They’re alone in the workshop and Steve’s laying on the couch Tony spends most of his nights on, and Tony, he’s leaning on Steve’s thigh, sitting on the floor. He’s tinkering with a fix or Dum-E’s eye-camera. It seems like the right time to say something romantic, but he can’t think of anything. He wants-
What?
It’s the best part of his week.
“I thought elves were all, like, small and stuff.”
It’s slow, when Steve kisses him, warm and gentle, almost like a record player played at half speed, like smooth vinyl of an old love song. Tony tastes like coffee and something he can’t pin, and Steve feels his smile.
“Tony?” Steve says, not surprised he’s there, more worried about the man who’s in front of him.
“I’m wounded, my love,” Tony jokes, and the jovial tone falls away.
He’d sounded- he sounded
warm, just so full of love and that has to be for Barnes, doesn’t it? “This is Tony. He’s- well, he’s- he’s really important to me. Real swell.”
them. There’s nothing he could do to prevent that.
Nat’s voice sounds in his head, and he laughs around, turning to her and thinks back:
not really.
Tonight, though, they seem to rush in, as Tony leans in close and whispers in his ear, “Will you dance with me? I’ve danced with everyone else here and it might look like I have some problem with you if we don’t.”
And Tony was going to say that he didn’t remember, that he just loved him
said casually over coffee and mission reports, a kind of love that doesn’t need proof, just makes itself present.
And Steve.
who loves him so dearly a little aloofness results in
Steve’s not much for affection when Avengers business is on, but he stalls then kisses Tony for a second too long. Tony knows this kind of touch as well. He’s done it before. Steve had told him once, he takes strength from him, and that’s what this was.
into Tony’s grasp, and Tony thinks he might feel someone sniffle into his neck.
“That’s not
and Tony is kind and brilliant and sweet and he takes care of these kids, and honestly, takes care of Steve.
He wants everything, every little bit of Tony he cares to give. More than a kiss, more than anything.
He does it again, just for a second, so he can know what it feels like.
For a second, Steve thinks Tony’s making fun of him, calling him out on his crush. Calling him on it, that all his convictions deflate if it means Tony will touch him.
“How did you know about that?”
Steve Rogers was in love with Tony Stark.
Tony rolls his eyes and Steve’s stomach
“I feel like you’re going to take advantage of that, you
Tony seems to get shy after that, and Steve doesn’t get why, but if theres’ anything he can do its make people feel comfortable. He knows what it’s like to feel out of it when talking to people.
But he doesn’t like it.
thinking no one knows what they’re doing when they sneak into rooms, when Steve wears Tony’s tie to some dumb brief. How the flirting causes blushes instead of anger. How they play footsie under the table at meetings.
the moments that stitched a life.
He’s going to woo him. He’s got too.
“I think that’s up to you-“
“I love him,” Tony says earnestly, “I love him. He’s small and he’s helpless and I have no reason to want to but every time I go in
She’d been less subtle than Pepper, and he’d found it just a little amusing.
“You’re being serious,” he replies, “I’m also assuming that you, ah, aren’t aware of… what I am?”
Tony shuffles over the phone.
“We don’t- Not when the dreams are about you.”
Steve.
“You do?”
they’re lying to him about, is that he somehow got Captain America to fall in love with him.
Maybe he’d talk to him.
No one is ever going to take this from him. They’ll have to pry it out of his cold, dead hands.
That’s far too long, you gotta play with the bots, and I-I don’ know how you’re expectin’ me to win you over if you’re not here.”
Shit, shit, he’d said
get that scent off of him, not with Steve’s super senses.
how clearly he remembers it, how lovely Tony had felt in his arms, how he’d indulged in Tony’s affections like it was the kind of thing he had the right to. Like he was the kind of person that could talk to
It’s cruel, but Tony wants to ask
hard to think,
Through the night, he gets drunker. Tony makes him feel at ease, makes him feel
Steve always thought if he lost Tony it would be in a battle. But he also knows he’d never let that happen, that if he had any say, Tony would grow old next to him, a retirement looming and one he welcomes.
He’s asked it while holding Steve’s hand, focused on bandaging where he’s been hurt, and Steve’s chest- he’s 5 foot nothing again, smaller than he’d liked to be and heart racing and
, mush, really.
“Steve keeps wanting me to critique his stuff, doing a lot of mechanical drawings. Says he wants a trained eye.”
It’s probably not the best decision. Neither was drinking. He hasn’t brushed his teeth and he really wanted to take Tony out first, but he’s always been an impulsive bastard and-
“Tony, I don’t know who your father is or what kind of man he is. All I know is that if you had Peter you’d do nothing but love him. Honestly, knowing you, I’m not sure you know how to do anything else.”
He bites the bullet and calls Tony.
“Are you suggesting,” Steve says, drawing in a breath, “We go to a gala to make my…person of interest…jealous?”
“J didn’t warn you?”
Every morning, nowadays, Tony wakes up with a kiss.
“Yeah. The Carbonell Home for Children.”
And Tony is standing here, telling him that Captain America chose his best friend over the man he loved. Over the man Rhodey loved.
Pastels, colored pencils, pigments and brushes and everything else-
Maybe Tony thought he wouldn’t notice. Maybe he thought that with the remnants of the gird, with all the bits and pieces around him that are broken- Rhodey wouldn’t notice something new. Not like that.
“Look at me.”
Tony’s eyes- they’re something out of a novel, bright and brown and now- they’re teasing and curious. Steve sees the way he looks at Rhodes, at Pepper, at Peter- the people he considers his family. Steve can read Tony like a book. He just doesn’t always like it.
Tony asks if he’s a teacher, and Steve smiles, because fuck, that’s endearing, and there’s his fangs. And he’s scared him off.
It’s all too alluring, warm and kind, metal and sweet and he
ask what he’s done to bed let, because he doesn’t even know
“You- you were drunk. You can’t have meant-“
he doesn’t know how this happened-
“Actually, I-“
everything Steve wanted-
When Steve kisses him, it’s unbelievably tender, hands all over him and and smiling when he does, tears all over his face.
“I think Steve likes me, Rhodey.”
to you, Tony. You can tell me now, you can say I’m not what you want, that you don’t want to hear from me again or whatever,” it’s rather comforting that Tony looks shocked at the
“Director, I don’t mean to agree with my antagonizing partner,” and Steve shoots him a look, one meant to be disapproving but far too fond to be anything but affectionate, “But I really think he might need some ROR.”
“I remembered when you kissed me.”
Wanting Tony isn’t like he’s wanted anything else. Tony’s kind, and warm, and also so fucking
in a month.
“Hey, soldier, not all of us have supersenses,”
“I’m pretty sure Steve’s the only one who can make you coffee you’ll like.”
It doesn’t make sense. Tony looks like he’s about to cry, and Steve wants to hold him but when he moves closer he won’t let him, shoves the paper in his face.
“I can’t,” he says, not meeting her eyes, “He’s on a date. I let it sit too long.”
Tony never gives
The curve of Tony’s mouth curls up, and he’s
She smiles at him, kind and sweet, and then sits up, puts her chin in her hands, and says aloud, “I want to meet him. We all do.”
the warmth o his chest, that lovely blue glow that meant his world was still spinning on the axis it was meant to.
“Hello, my name is Thor,” he said, “I am an elf! It is wonderful to meet you- Steve has told us many stories.”
“There’s no one, Tony.” He says, the lie burning on his tongue. He looks down to stare at his own hands but his eyes wander to Tony’s- greased and  gorgeous- brilliant, building things he couldn’t conceive.
Steve had. A fuck ton, really. He never could seem to stop talking about Tony, once he got started.
Whatever the hell that means.
Tony’s still got warm brown eyes, so warm it could thaw every broken thing inside him, and Steve wants to cry. And this is heaven and the man he loves is there, so he does. Steve runs a hand through Tony’s hair (it’s so dark, he thinks he might be younger than he ever was when Steve knew him) and pulls him in, a scent he’s missed. He lets out a breath he’s been holding since he lost him.
“You’re not going to believe this,” She says, her voice delicate and exhilarated, “Someone left this for you.”
On Fridays, after his technical painting course, Steve volunteers at an orphanage, changing diapers and playing boardgames with older kids, drawing with the kids. It’s a great way to spend the beginning of his weekend, and he thinks his Ma would love it, so he goes for the both of them.
And there had been movie nights. And missions. And nights where he learned what shell-shock was called in the twenty-first century and that Steve wasn’t the only one who had it. Tony became his best friend, the literal meaning of the world. The person he could lean on when the gates of hell were at his door, and with their career line, it came pretty close.
“Steve,” he hears, and Jesus, he was so calm in this space he didn’t
When Steve kisses him, its past midnight, and oh, there’s a morning kiss. It’s slow, careful, fingers tracing under his shirt that Tony sleeps in, languid and good. Eyes closed, Steve kisses him with a ring on his finger, and he’d never taken it off. Never. The cool metal of it, the softness of it.
Not that he likes him like that.
“Missed you,” and oh, there he is, warm around Tony and pulling him closer because he
Bullshit, all he came away with is a cut on his hand, which is like, nonsense, DUM-E could treat that, but it’s going to get Steve near him, so, whatever.
day. Tony thought vampires were
“Uh, because I like you? And kissing you has been something that I have thought about at length since like, the first time I looked at you?
He knows Tony doesn’t want him back. He knows that. Looking at Tony giving Thor that
His hair smells like motor oil and coconut. He’s so close he wants to scream.
He rarely wishes that he had that power, but making Tony gaze at him like that- that’d sure be something.
Steve’s a touchy drunk, his hands all over Tony’s arms, and he’s smiling like a kid, and god, Steve is usually so hidden, shy smiles at jokes he makes, so careful with affection. How many times has Steve wanted a hug, and everyone thought he was just the kind of person who didn’t need them?
“Where the hell do you think you’re going?” His voice is sharp, and part of Steve still hates that he loves it even now.
wants to see that smile for
different. Tony is wonderful and kind and sweet, and he seemed different.
It’s unkempt, and he’s pretty sure the only grooming Steve’s done for the day is rinsing his face for a quick second. He’d told Tony one day, that he does that when he knows he’s seeing Tony. If he can’t grab a shower, he’ll still wash his face and make sure he looks
Inside, is a check, for more than Steve could imagine ever seeing.
Steve was happy. Steve was overjoyed, rambling and talking over anyone else, Tony had never seen him like this, not ever. Tony had seen what Steve looked like in just about any situation, but this-this was a man getting his heart back. A man in love.
Steve smiles, like he’s talking about someone he loves that Tony doesn’t know.
“Me?” oh, that’s hope in his voice, isn’t it? Tony looks disbelieving, but in the best way. Like someone’s given him the best prize in the world.
You told me- you told me you loved me.”
“The exploding tips are done! It took some doing, but they’re portable, and you should be fine.”
God, it’s a punch in the gut to know when he sees Barnes, Tony is never going to be what he needs again.
Tony’s beautiful.
“I’m in love with you, Tony, even if you build robots and shake my hand with baby formula and never say your last name ever like you’re in the fucking secret service.”
arms,
“You’re the one who keeps going out with Pep and Carol,” Tony yawns, and burrows his face into James’ neck.
“Yeah?”
But then he sees Schmidt, bothering Tony on the way to class.
“You’re so goddamn stubborn, Cap,” Tony says, before dropping his face into his hands and Steve’s heart
He’s not usually the type to push, but Tony’s looking at him, like he wants him to say he means it, and taking leaps when no one else would is kind of his thing.
idea, okay, Tony’s already small and he doesn’t need to get wasted-
“Don’t know if that’s the best idea, Wing-head.”
“You need to,” Tony says back, but Steve’s getting closer. Not imposing, never, but just enough for Tony to really see he was
Tony, well. He just. Stops, doesn’t let go of his hands, but just
The reason he was fuzzy was because he got
dry wit and bad jokes and loving eyes. He makes ham sandwiches and makes Tony eat them, and he’s
“I don’t know what makes you think I don’t want to be with you, Tony, but I’m asking you to stop. Losing you- I can’t,
“So stay, c’mon, I want to remember. I do, Steve.”
and Nat, cleaning a knife, Bruce, sipping tea and smiling at him serenely- it’s a family.
Bruce pauses, then speaks after a moment.
“It’s nice to meet you, Steve.”
“The line, across your chest.” He tries to make it clear. Tony’s bad at lying to him, and right now, he’s helping him walk in the workshop and he’s the same guy he couldn’t lie to drunk out of his mind at 15, the same one he couldn’t lie to when he was having nightmares after he got that glowing bit.
“So I’m Tony.” His voice is sweet like a butterscotch disk, and Steve hates himself for thinking it.
Tony always freezes up a little and brushes it off, but it’s clear it’s doing
He kisses him again just for a second before opening the door.
“Hey there, Captain,” Tony says, as jovially as he can manage. Steve smiles back at him, just
“Wanna get lunch at that hot dog stand near 5th? I know you like to abuse the fact you have a superior immune system by eating trash.”
that sometimes took people a while to see. He’d never understand that.
He blinked.
“Tony, I asked you.”
When Tony meets Bucky, it’s a hell of a weird thing.
moment. Because if there is a higher power, he
time, he’s smiling because of the beard. Tony’s mentioned liking beards before, he
have this. It’s his.
And now he’s got himself as company, which is just fine. He’s not thinking about how all the people he loves are doing just fine without his input, how it’s probably making their lives better that he’s finally
Tony says that he thinks those things are disgusting, and he hates them, and Steve pictures the two of them walking somewhere, laughing and holding hands, and someone fucking
Steve pulls Tony gently up by the wrists, and Tony- innocent eyes expectant, a dance in the next moments. Steve wonders what it’ll be like, to hold Tony, to be his soft place to fall.
He wouldn’t mind hushing the little guy- it’s scary to hear the thunder the first time around, and Steve’s heart already hurts thinking about the little guy crying will wthout anyone to hold him through his first thunderstorm.
can try. He’s being nice.
Steve walks to his room without saying anything, and it’s shitty and childish but he can’t really deal with this. He can’t.
Tony’s mouth curls up in that mischievous way (and that’s not endearing, no, not at all) but then he goes shy, kind of quiet, like he’s
“Thor gave me a flask of something last time he visited, and I didn’t think you’d be home until later, ’n, ’n, I missed you, wanted you back and thought I’d just take a sip to distract myself. Didn’t really work. Thas’ okay, you’re back now!”
it. The relief of it all, how much safer Steve feels.
“Didn’t mean to keep you waiting,” Steve says, pulling back to look at him.
Tony’s- he’s
“You did so well, Steve,” There’s Tony’s voice, grand warm, beautiful and deep like whiskey, and Steve wants to drink his attention up. They have
All those lingering touches, the warmth of Tony’s smile, the way Tony looked at him, like there was nothing in the world Steve could do to make him not love him. It’s all there, it never left. He wasn’t too late.
“Pep’s missed you though,” Pep. Not him. He’s been fine, on Wednesdays that he’s got accustomed to spending watching shitty rom coms with Tony and laughing at it and just, unwinding after a shitty day being replaced with an early night of rest. That’s something he’s fine with. “Carol too.”
Battle after war after decade, Steve couldn’t lose his life. It felt like a curse- outliving so many of his friends, and god, missing
“We’d been together, and I thought you knew- knowing you though, you’ll always doubt- and I just- I was holding you and I thought, I couldn’t stand the idea of not doing it for the rest of my life.”
“My room has a bigger bathroom,” Tony smiles. He has laugh lines. He hadn’t when they’d met, on that quintet, lighting- Steve’s been there, and now he has laugh lines. It’s a beautiful thought. “We can use it in there.”
) and his Tony just left him.
Some magazine, they’d taken a photo of Tony, and he’s- he’s wearing a
“Bucky,” Steve says, walking closer to the taller man, “It’s me. It’s Steve.”
he says, like he’s forcing it, which is almost worse, “I can set you up with someone.”
“I haven’t seen your guy yet,” Tony’s voice is soft, beautiful, but it’s sad. It hurts to hear. “But I know that being seen with me- it’s more to help me than to help you.”
“Should is a strong word,” Tony says, softly, but his hand is still on Steve’s cheek and Steve leans into it, trained fingers sweet on his face. He wants Tony to always be touching him.
Captain Virtue.” Tony drawls, and Steve
He doesn’t know a lot about the last 2 years, but he knows he loves Steve. Maybe it got wired in somehow, like loving this man was wired into his DNA when he first started doing it, or when he started reading the comics at 12. All Tony knows is that seeing Steve happy,
Well. That’s got a loaded response.
“I’ve missed you lately,” Tony says in lieu of a hello, and physically picks up James’ arm and wraps it around his own shoulder. It’s cute.
but his eyes are brown and doe eyed and honest, the same they were when he met the stubborn kid in MIT.
“You have a beard,” he says, dumbly, when Steve pulls away to look at him. Like he always does. Fucking softie. Steve smiles like he almost never does, cocky and proud.
It had been after a hard mission when he’d gone down. The Iron Man armor had gone down with him, Tony shielding him from the brunt of the damage, but still, he’d gotten hurt. Steve’d been injured, and Tony had waited by the bedside, every second of it.
But it
“You ordered this blend a month ago as a gift for me. It’s too light, and you don’t like the cinnamon in it, do you?”
and he’s got a shot. He really wants one.
Tony, who was kissing Thor
,” and Tony’s hand is now on his lower back, which
“How could anyone not fall for you?” He’s on a roll with this honesty thing/
to leave him. That stings a lot more than any hit he’s ever taken.
It’s almost like that first morning in the hospital, when Tony was up. Steve’s holding him, tight to his chest and so close. It’s the first time Tony’s seen him at peace since he lost his memory.
He remembers when someone tried to kill him, and he doesn’t want to think about it. He’s with Tony, but Baseliners hate him, usually. They’ve tried to kill him, and they’ve hurt him and he’s the kind of guy people fucking
And maybe he had a crush on Tony, but he was a
He didn’t look again for the rest of class.
Except, a brown eyed boy walks into the math class, and well. He’s just about the best thing Steve’s ever set eyes on, really. Brown eyes that look like they’re pure liquid amber, nervous smile and long lovely fingers wrapped tightly around his textbooks. He’s just beautiful, and smells- smells fucking
Tony wants him. He never planned for this. This is Anthony Edward Stark, beautiful and kind and brilliant and built a
a success.
him, loves any version of Tony and if this is the one he gets he’ll savor it.
Steve looked at him so pointedly he had to stop.
“I’m awful tired, and I sleep alone, every night. Could you stay here?”
eyes.
He’s staring.
For fuck’s sake.
that he’s alright, that it’s okay that Tony doesn’t love him even though he loves him, so, so much, it’s okay that he might be with
It’s too much to ask though, that the Merchant of Death could have the kind of love a family brings. He has their tolerance, and he knows that’s lucky. He’s got Steve, for know, a man he’s convinced he’s tricked into loving him, and so he can’t know the way Tony’s mind craves it.
Not for the first time since waking, he wishes Bucky was there. Wishes he could heckle him about how he stutters when Tony calls him
He thinks of Tony, kind and lovely, who makes robot toys for the older kids by
Should call
sounds so sweet coming out of Tony’s mouth, so sweet and full of light, jovial and full of love, he
The first thing he tries, is the most obvious thing
“I…think you might be the only one,” Tony says, looking down like he’s suddenly afraid of looking him in the eye, “Frankly I’m surprised you like hanging out here at all. But if you uh, wanna look, you can. I don’t mind.”
for the way Steve melts into his grasp.
when Tony’s so open about it. About loving him.
it he’s never been good at this, never been able to charm people and now he sounds like an
“Whoever this guy his, he’d be an idiot for not seeing you that way, Cap.”
____________________________________
Tony looks up from the papers and
Well. They should say something, shouldn’t they?
“Sir, I don’t believe that’s what Captain Rogers intentions are.”
anyway. Steve’s Irish and pale and his hands go pink and so does a bit of his hair, and
He can imagine the conversation they’re about to have. Steve, begging for forgiveness, for being with (loving) someone else. The tearful look in Steve’s blue eyes, the way Steve’s hands would linger-
“I needed to go to Malibu, for work-“
Steve looks down, but…
“I didn’t say you couldn’t, I said you don’t.”
“Stark-Rogers, to you sir,” Tony says back. Steve just beams.
like he’s just made to be around Steve.
“You sure? When I’ve been around the team you’ve kind of …retreated, and I wanted to know if there’s anything I’ve done, or…” he trailed off.
him, this morning, when he’s made Tony coffee, the way he likes it, that Tony coming up from the workshop and smiling at him and Bruce, that Steve thinks it.
He wished he could punch through his perfect fucking teeth.
would adore, this whole thing is-
in his ear, “You take care of kids and you cuddle Peter and you listen to me and you were the one who picked up the phone when I thought I was going to cry at the hospital. You’re my friend, Tony.”
And Tony laughs, huffs out a small chuckle and Steve eats it up. He wants anything and everything Tony Stark can give him.
of it, “You can tell me now, but you can’t say that I don’t want you.”
it, feels so nice to have Tony speaking into his hair like he’s never going to let him go.
“Of course.”
Tony smiles. God, those eyes.
“You have
Tony pouts and walks away, and Steve’s known him for half a day, okay. He’s not going to miss him.
Steve gets Tony’s number, and after that, they never stop talking. It’s like he takes Tony wherever he goes, now. Tony texts him when he’s in his workshop, or how much grease is in the smoothie his robot had made him.
They’re still sitting on the couch, just sat up and Tony- he’s leaning into him, and he smells like cologne and motor oil and
“You are, then.”
“You never told me that,” Steve says, so quiet it’s a whisper. He has such an intense gaze, “It helped.”
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR THE LOVE ON THIS!!!
“I had a bad dream,” Steve says, “It’s nothing to worry over.”
He could see everything they could be. Tony adopting Peter. Steve and Tony and Peter having a
and Dum-E good because he made him.
“Steve, want to dance?” Tony smiles, swaying dramatically, getting closer, smiling that flirtatious smile he always does.
Steve, you going anywhere with me, the store, the workshop, watching you play with DUM-E and U, that’s an honor. I don’t think your, fella or whatever, appreciates it. I do.”
“This is all so dramatic,” Steve says, small. He can’t say any of the big things.
“You were drunk, Steve, I’m not gonna think you meant something you said when you were plastered on Asgardian mead-“
Still, the opportunity is too good to pass up.
“Marry me, Rogers.”
He gets to, still. Thank god. Oh, thank god.
“I’m not away,” he replies, pouting.
“Oh hey, didn’t see you!” Cute Guy whisper should, enough to be heard but not enough to wake the baby, gingerly laying him down in his crib, a hand pressed lightly to the infants face, fondness all over his face.
“No, I mean you.” Steve blurts out, and
thing and so he pecks him again just because he can.
him, and will leave the apartment.
Then he does the unimaginable- kisses Tony, smiling bright and good and
"What do you mean, ‘me in particular’? Do I need to shower more? Shit, that’s embarrassing, I just forget sometimes, I promise I’m not like… unclean, I’ve just been working on DUM-E’s upgrades and it’s been taking up a lot of my-“
“You know, if you’re going to keep sitting with me at lunch, you’re only going to ostracize yourself from all the normal kids. They’ll avoid you in the same way they avoid me.”
“You’re everything,”
Tony starts getting that look again, and for fucks sake, Thor
says “New kid’s feeing brave, or he’s just one of those kinky ones that likes to fuck the monsters.”
He just kissed Thor, though. So Steve pulled back.
He’s warm and kind and smells like pine, the cologne he uses when he’s just at home. Steve can smell everything more intensely, and normally it’s a bit of a curse. Sensory overload. But he always wants to take in as much of Tony as he possibly can.
“You need to eat, Tony,” he laughs, as Tony pulls him by the waist, into little sways and
he’s leaning on him and he’s so close, and he keeps thinking about it. How unlikely things happen all the time.
He lets Tony hug him, stiff because he doesn’t know what else to be, knows he can’t lean into Tony. No matter how much he wants to.
Such thoughts are fleeting.
“It matters what you want,” and now Tony’s whispering, “And I fuck shit up all the
He sees him later that day.
Of course there’s someone.
“Brilliant, right?”
This Sunday is one of those days. Tony wakes up with Steve curled around him. When Steve sleeps, he’s less scared of seeming vulnerable- just
to take care of himself. He cares so much about everyone else, he needs the care) and this time, Steve had walked in on Tony and
“You don’t know me, Tony.” Steve sounds like he’s been stepped on.
deserves so many things, and Steve just wants to give him the world, “Used to dance with me when she played records. She was always so grateful.”
Tony pauses or a minute, then just kisses him, slow and sweet like he’s making a point, and Steve just treasures that he
Tony is the one who pulls away because unfortunately he does not have enhanced lungs. It’s still a slow break, and it’s that moment he realizes he’s holding Tony by the waist. Instinctive, he supposes.
“Tony, I never knew, I wouldn’t lie to you about this,” and it feels like Tony is slipping away from him like sand in his hands, because Tony’s backing away and taking his papers with him.
he stays. He can smell the rage, the strength of it. Tony
Maybe he’s realizing how fucking
“You smell great, Tony, I promise,” Steve tries to really, and it’s too much, really, “you… really great. Yeah.”
He and Tony are closer now. They spend every other night watching movies, keeping each other company. Steve had been up one night, punching the shit out of a punching bag, nightmare after nightmare about people he’s lost, waking up to a world where love isn’t there anymore.
“I have a pink bath oil.”
Except- he’s not.
Tony- he thought Steve might drink a bit like Howard, tight like a coil with whiskey and only getting more bitter the more he drank, the darker bits of the Man Out Of Time coming out the less restraints he has to hide them. It’s reasonable enough of an assumption, from Steve’s stoic way of dealing with pain.
“This is why you kissed me?”
and now he’s going to sleep.
“You think?” He says, sarcastically, because of fucking
Tony is in the paper. With Stark industries. Carbonell Inc is Stark Industries. Tony is
Because fuck it, really. Tony wanted to be friends. He wanted to be friends even if he was Unhuman, even if he was a Vampire, and
“Don’t you have to walk him down the aisle? You’re his dad,” Steve quips back, and Tony
“Careful, I’ll get a big head.”
Steve just wouldn’t
“Steve,” Tony says, voice low and intentional, and there’s that whiskey sweet tone, the man he wants to drink in like a dying man, “Why did you tell me you were single?”
“You- the Avengers file?”
“You have to go to medical, dumbass! Have you seen your hands?”
Steve’s really good at hugs for someone who doesn’t get them much, and it’s enough to distract him from thinking about how
“I don’t actually know who you are.”
“Barnes, the
He’s waiting for the bus, and he keeps thinking about it, how stupid it is, how much he wishes he could’ve said something else.
“Yeah,” Steve breathes out in one breath.
But it feels good that Tony wants to, really. It’s -
When the door opens, Steve-
He’s sipping coffee out of an SI mug, and Steve just- he
“Three sips. Three! That’s nothing.”
“Well that was because you stuck a whole
this. It’s awful, terrible that he got someone to love him so much that losing him could break them like this.
“We need to talk about this,” Steve says, “But I need you to tell me you love me, and that you know I love you. Because I do, Tony. The last 6 hours felt- I never want to do it again. Please don’t make me.”
And one day, when Steve’s body has had enough, taken too many hits and his bones have grown too old to support the old man who’s tired of depending on them, he drifts off.
They’re little shields. God, he loves this man.
“Playing with DUM-E, working on the upgrade for Jarvis and reading over this file Nick Fury gave me.”
Tony wasn’t stupid.
The next time he tries to flirt with Tony, it’s barely intentional. He’s drawing in the workshop and Tony’s working with a torch, on something he can’t begin to imagine.
“You loved me, before you knew?”
And he wants to just blurt it out, just
Tony’s going to leave him.
fella, yeah.”
But he’s not anywhere else right now, not really, when Steve’s so close to him, treats him like he deserves him and more, gives him the best he can.
I need you to remember. I need you to come back- I don’t know how to do this without you, you’re the one who taught me-“
God, Tony’s a fucking idiot.
Steve’s voice is gentle when he turns back to Tony, warmth in his gaze, and Tony doesn’t know how long it’s going to take until Steve’s gaze goes cold, and never loves him again.
It’s just like any other Sunday, and Tony had no idea how it was going to end.
The thing is, when Tony pictured Steve drunk, which isn’t often, mind you, he never pictured
and Tony has decided to leave.
Tony’s walked away, still smiling, and Steve’s broken the dumbbell he was holding.
“Feed him.”
___________________________________
Hope wells in his chest. Tony’s looking at him like he always does and maybe he has a
“Okay,” Tony says, but Steve keeps rambling.
He sends Tony to bed, because he can’t be sure he wants this, know it’s too big of a decision to make.
Clint smirks at him, and Steve doesn’t think he’s seen all that obvious about loving Tony, but maybe he was. It’s not like he can help it.
“Not like you do.”
Shit,” he said, looking down, trying to catch his breath, trying tot understand himself, “sorry, sorry, I’ll just… I’ll go get a dishcloth and- yeah.”
Tony’s got grease on the edge of his hands, more like stains because it doesn’t transfer when he touches Steve. He smells like metal and he looks like something out of a sketch. Steve wants to see all the different ways Tony can leave a stain.
James has to stop himself from saying exactly
“I don’t like Steve.”
It is very much not 2012. And Cute Stranger is actually Captain Fucking America (he says he doesn’t like being called that, but still smiles when Tony does it, so whatever) and he’s an Avenger.
“A snippet, I’m not sure- we were dancing, at some party. You were nervous,
And that’s just it, isn’t it? Steve hasn’t wanted someone in so long, and he probably doesn’t even know what he deserves, doesn’t know how to take what he wants. And now, Steve, who’s so young and so sweet and sketches his bots and saves the world has a crush on
Steve doesn’t come to bed that night, and that’s the end, right? No more morning kisses.
He’d always known Tony might wake up one day and realize Steve really isn’t all that. Tony’s a futurist, and what is he, really? An old man with nothing left, someone stuck in the past and clinging to it. Tony’s a futurist, incredible, and maybe he didn’t know how special he was, but Steve does. He always did.
can be.
Tony sat on his couch about to cry.
Tony listens to Steve, too, when Peter is down for a nap and they can whisper conversations. He tells Tony that he used to be a scrawny kid, a lot of allergies, that he wanted to go into the military but at the time he couldn’t, and now that he had his health it was too late. His ma is sick, and they can’t afford treatment and tuition, but she won’t let him drop out and work.
Steve, who shows up with cooked meals and makes sure Tony eats, as if that isn’t
“I’m not your type.”
with him. How many times had Tony waited on him, been patient with his heart and loved him, waited for him to ask because the world was so rarely patient with anything these days.
makes dumb jokes and drinks too much coffee and sleeps on a couch in his workshop instead of his expensive lush bed. He’s just, a reminder of all the good things the world still has to offer.
He’s happy for him. He’s happy for him. He has to be happy for him.
When they tell the team over breakfast, Steve makes him coffee, and his hands itch to hold Tony. Tony doesn’t wait long enough to see if he’ll do it, just pulls Steve into his grasp.
(Later, Tony doesn’t stain pink. He’s beautiful and tan and the over-expensive bath oil makes Tony look
It’s a joke, really. He’s curious. Tony is always that way, and he knows that Tony doesn’t know much abut vampires.
“I’m going to the workshop,” Tony says slowly, and Steve makes a keening noise, “I’m going to be busy for a bit.”
even when all he had left of Tony were voicemails and letters and holographic messages- he had to see him again.
and Steve and Tony both look the happiest they’ve ever felt.
When Tony wakes, the first thing he hears is a heart monitor. The first thing he sees a face so beautiful he thinks he might’ve died.
And okay, Tony doesn’t have to love him back, doesn’t have to want him or even look his way, but he can’t say that’s not how Steve
It’s so endearing, he wants to kiss him so badly he needs to leave to be sure he won’t.
And he’s probably just imagining but Tony’s here, in the corner of the library where they studied and fought and ate junk food and James had looked at him a million times and wonder what it’d be like to kiss him.
He wants to call Tony
He’s bright red standing and staring at another volunteer holding a baby like some kind of creep, holy shit.
about the burgers and milkshakes and Steve’s just excited to be there.
“No, Tony,” and had
that way.
There’s so much to love, really. He’s kind, so kind in a way he’s not sure can
They talk about nothing and everything until the waitress arrives, the team, the traffic, sparring plans, whether or not eating pizza without toppings makes you a child (Steve says no, Tony agrees but hates everyone who disagrees)
because Tony thinks he’s invaded his space some how. That he doesn’t like it.
Steve kissed him again, because apparently he can’t help it and Tony isn’t going to stop him.
Tony’s a billionaire, and Steve can’t tell where he’s gone he can’t just rush into his arms and
“The first time we met I shook your hand after a baby threw up formula on me and I’d told you so,” Tony says, and Steve laughs at him, tucking his face in the crook of his neck, because he will never get it.
“You think it’s an honor to go somewhere with
Steve scoffs, amused, and his hand does that reaching out thing where he stops short before he can hold his hand.
and make him a permanent picture. God.
And before Steve nods off, he turns to him, smiles soft and sweet and genuine.
Smooth. Idiot.
It’s the kind of thing he’s expecting, really. At this school it’s all that ever happens. He’s a freak, and he knows it. It’s fine.
Objectively, he knew Steve liked him. That he probably thought about him when he went on business trips. They spent most of the day together these days, Steve sketching in the workshop while Tony tinkered. Tony had just thought, well, Steve didn’t like to be alone, and it got awful loud in the common rooms. Tony’s company, no matter what he’s like.
Steve can’t even help the swing of his stomach, the
“You save the world on a daily basis-“
It’s fucking terrifying.
He’s so
God, it hurts his heart, but he can.
“We’re okay, Ma. We’re gonna be fine.”
in front of Tony and Tony was a genius, he could make the connection, Steve was
(And based on
After volunteering, Steve asks Tony if he’d like to eat something over at his place, and Tony says yes.
Steve calls, after he steps on the plane.
His stomach stirs. Tony, of course Tony thought he’d been upset. He left the room every time he showed affection to someone. How in the hell is Steve supposed to say
So he trembles, drinks apple cider and watches on his own, because Steve is busy, and so is everyone else.
Tony, smiling. That smile, that crinkly, 1000 watt smile that could power a city, that mischievous gaze that held a
Then, Tony got up close, so close, smells wonderful and is so close.
In the limo ride to the event, Tony lifts his wrists to show his cuff links.
It’s a diner, and it’s a little kitschy with how hard it’s trying to look vintage, but he’s with
Because James is the one who rents Tony’s favorite movies. He’s the one who nursed Tony’s first hangover, the one who made him laugh when he missed his butler, the first person he spoke to when he missed home.
He’s lucky, and he sips sparkling apple juice with the love of his life, and he knows it.
The next minute, SHIELD called, and the man Steve really loved was found. Bucky Barnes, got himself from Sokovia to New York, was now asking for Steve Rogers.
“We were wondering why you left,” Nat says, in her don’t-bullshit-me voice.
But it’s not, none of it.
“The holiday party,” Tony says back, meeting Steve’s wide blue eyes, “We weren’t together yet. It was your first Christmas after waking up from the ice. I was worried you wouldn’t feel at home. That’s why I stayed here instead of Malibu.”
and that’s a dangerous thing.
He needs to snap out of this stupid crush. It’s dumb. He’s a Baseliner, he’s going to realize what it entails being friends with him, let alone anything else, and he’s not going to let himself climb this high only to fall all the way back down. He’s just not.
to him. It’s almost
and here he was, alive. Asking for Steve.
“If it’s something I’d like,” Tony mutters, “As if I could want anything else.”
“You okay?”
Steve’s putting. Oh god. Steve’s pouting and sound’s Brooklyn and since when is Tony Steve’s
Tony is a grand dancer, Steve notices. He’s not the first man Steve’s ever been attracted to, but Tony is different. He’s all curve and soft, brown eyes and tender touches.
“Why?”
And if Tony looked at Steve the way he
tonight. Tony’s suit is a deep blue, ever the ostentatious, refusing to be black. His hair is curly, unlike what he normally does for galas. The delight Steve feels- he tries to bury it.
Tony, no less.)
the kid from Brooklyn who thought no one would want him, whose fiancé just told everyone he’s leaving him at the same time as him, with no warning.
how did that happen) and Tony says that he’s a
how much he can smell him, everything he notices about him. His hair is never brushed, and his smile is toothy and bright and when he makes other friends, Steve doesn’tt ant to be jealous, he told him to fuck off anyway.
Meticulous fingers, dancing across his workspaces and over his bots, talks to his robots and kisses babies like it’s the best part of the job. Tony’s- he’s really something.
“You have your eye on someone, Cap? Because I-“
Tony kissed him.
Slowly, but like a rose blooming, it happens slowly- Steve puts him in, Tony’s face resting on his chest, broad and warm, arms around his middle, and Tony can
A blonde man, blue eyes filled with concern, a bit of facial hair that didn’t look even a little bit intentional but still looked incredible. There’s something soft and loving in the man’s eyes, and this is when Tony realizes the mystery man is holding his hand.
The expensive clothes, the orphanage, his ma- It was
In the morning, he asks Pepper to send a jet to the tower, and he tells JARVIS to tell the team he’s on business. He is, really It doesn’t matter if normally he’d video conference.
Tony drinks in the sight of Steve like a starving man, eyes raking over him shamelessly. Steve’s done something to him, that what he’s considering has more to do with if Steve’s
“Hey,” Tony says, and his voice is so lovely. It’s music. He’s never wanted to not hear it before now.
and it’s not a kind of annoyance he’s felt before. It’s an ugly feeling, that sort of jealousy. But god, Tony said he
though, so Steve aches, and smiles.
“My mother passed away today.” Years ago, Steve hears, and he wants to scoop him up in his arms and hold him, press him together until all his broken parts come back together.
Steve was a frail, sick kid. No one would look twice at him, especially no one he
“Not from you, Tony.”
It’s stupid, and no one cares, it’s a dumb thing to remember, but Tony just smiles like it’s incredibly interesting.
Tony was so lovely. So so so lovely. Had he mentioned that? Because he was. Beautiful, kind, sweet, god he was
He doesn’t think he’ll believe him, though. So when Steve leaves to go to his own bedroom for the night, Tony misses him, but doesn’t ask him to stay. Even if they both want him to.
It's not beautiful. Steve plays some random ballad on his phone and sets it on a tiny chair in this empty hospital chapel, and reaches out sore and bruised arms to hold the smaller man, and even battered and a little broken, Steve has never felt anything so lovely as swaying, beat by beat matching the beat of his heart, with Tony Stark In his arms.
“She loved the opera,” he says. Tony is just so
Tony has spent so much time learning Steve. He knows how Steve takes his coffee, knows when not to touch and when Steve needs to be held when he needs to talk. Tony is a genius, and learning the language Steve’s love is written in- he’s mastered it. Low, sweet and warm, constant and present. That’s Steve.
Tony nods, and dances with Pepper, beautiful and dainty movements across the two of them, and Steve wonders why it doesn’t feel like he’s gotten a good deal.
(It was Bucky. He knew who Tony was and getting gossip. Steve told him he had to get back to kissing Tony and then shut the door.)
Kissing.
“So, what’s the little guys name?”
“My room?”
It’s a silly idea anyway.
and it was hard to tell the difference between gratitude and love when he first realized the amount of affection he has for Tony.
Tony had started calling him Rhodey and he in turn Tones, a year and change ago.
“You can always come with,” he says, warmly and maybe a little too fond for a best friend but he’s
Suppose it doesn’t matter, really.
Arms still wrapped around a
him, could be loved by Tony and would love him so hard back.
Nick Fury explained this all to Tony with the help of Phil. And the thing is, Tony can understand most of this. He can get that he’s part of and funds a superhero team. He can understand that his life now includes being, something of a
Steve smiles back, but it’s clear it’s for Clint, and that’s fine. It’s fine.
“You work so hard, and for gods sake you cuddle babies every weekend, pack lunches and take care of your mother and you’re my
Two weeks later, Tony’s used his spare key to Steve’s place, sitting on his shitty couch when Steve comes home from school.
Steve always said he was proud of being with Tony. When the tabloids ran his name through the mud, when they’d called him a murderer- he couldn’t count the amount times the media had said Steve should leave him. That it was inevitable. Steve had scoffed, kissed him, and that the only thing he felt about being with Tony in public was, well. Pride.
Either way he’s having lunch with his favorite person.
“Anything?”
“You let me hold you,” Steve says, like it’s a secret. Like he’s ashamed for needing it. “Through the night, and you tell me you- you say that-“
Steve
Time is a luxury he had with Tony. Months to waste, going from hate, to tolerance to a kind of love that burns so bright it scares Steve. Now that he knows it’s returned, time isn’t going to be rated for Steven Rogers. Not again. Not with Tony.
“He did this?”
Steve’s gotten into the habit of bringing food down to him (he needs to
Tony’s in love with him.
“They’ll heal, Tony. I don’t need them cleaned.”
God. He smells….amazing
Tony places his hands on Steve’s face, and Steve leans into him like he’s drowning, and that’s a testament to how awful he’s feeling. He wouldn’t brush their hands a week ago.
“Exactly. What’s he gonna do when Tony decided an inventing binge is more important than food for days?”
Tony says, then shoots Steve a smirk that’s probably more attractive than he intended.”
“Bucky came back, and I thought you would want your first love back. Piss poor excuse, but I thought you would be happier. That’s all I want.”
So he takes.
And it’s weird, because he doesn’t think he’s in his bed, or his room, even, and with the serum it’s not like-
Steve was the one made of iron, before, and it’s like Tony had cracked him open, and Steve was tender in his arms the moment of. He’d made Steve think the 21st century was worth it.
“Not even for you.” Tony laughs, but sits down and eats the sandwich, and Steve doesn’t feel the tingle of Tony’s hands on his waist for the rest of the day.
Bucky asks him about Tony, a lot.
in the real world. He builds prosthetics for kids, visits hospitals and takes care of them. Takes care of Steve.
“Kinda figured, Cap.” Tony says, rolling with it. He’s so fucking bad at this. No wonder he never got a date, no wonder no fuckin’ dame ever looked at him, what was he even
“You don’t need to go to Malibu for meetings. You haven’t for half a year,” Clint says, and they must be really upset to have to bring this up like
“Steve. Look at me.”
"Even if there was someone- he wouldn’t see me that way. I’m not his kinda fella.”
After, Tony asks if he did it right, the whole apologizing thing.
He just
It’s not meant to be this upsetting.
“They weren’t hunters, Tony, don’t worry. Just kids. Scared kids who saw me on the street at night and assumed that I wanted to try and kill them. So they just tried to kill me first. Not that they did much. Gave me a nice scar from where one of them cut me, but I’m pretty strong. So… It’s fine, it- it happens.”
“Class,” Ms. Carter spoke, “This is our new student, Tony Stark.”
goes unspoken.
“I’m going to sleep in my old bedroom tonight,” he says, softy.
happy, because of him- well, it’s amazing. Incredible.
of this been getting through? He was certain that when he’d told Tony that facial hair was very attractive to him that he’d
But he smells Tony because Tony
Tony doesn’t know he’s a vampire, it hits him. Tony thinks he’s jus a normal guy.
and Tony needs good things. He needs Steve in a way it’s embarrassing to admit.
“You deserve this, though, Steve.”
Steve smiles, and kisses him again.
Kill him, he’s got a soft spot, okay? Tony’s been kind to him. He wants to help him. And he looked, well, fucking
“Please do,” Steve says, and then, Tony hears the fear, “Bucky’s back, and he needs- he needs more than me, I don’t know how to help,” he hears Steve’s breathe a rough breath, “I need you. Please.”
Steve doesn’t look like he believes him, but he still leans into his touch.
“Yeah, but that’s because you’re new- sitting with me is just going to ruin your chances at making fr-“
Steve knows that Tony loves him, even if it’s not the way he wants. Tony’s heart is so
He’s jittery and he’s worried and he wants a drink, but he can’t have that, and right now he can’t have Steve either, because he’s talking to an old war buddy, and he had better things to do than see Tony worrying over nothing.
Steve shows him the article, wordlessly/. Maybe they didn’t know the photo was leaked.
“Tony. And uh, kind of. I help out a bit.”
That’s it, then. Steve hadn’t told him, and that was it. When they got back to the Tower, he’d tell Jarvis to set up a room for Barnes, and move Steve’s things back to his room.
“I said, my whole life I was waiting for you. That some mornings, before I kiss you, I thank god for time bringing me to you. That it was worth it. You’re are worth it to me, sweetheart.”
if he wasn’t in the here and now.
it, just adores how his voice slips a little into an accent. It’s like wine, sweet and mulled and Steve wants Tony to call him
“I’m pretty sure you could say in love, but yeah,” Steve blurts out.
who met his Ma and charmed her right off of meeting. She’d looked Steve in the eye and told him that he needed to sweep him up before someone else did.
“No, that is a misconception that many have. Some are small, but others are like me. Also, my mother was a land spirit, so I am somewhat of a hybrid.
“Stark is wrong, you will clearly see if you watch with us.” Thor says, his eyes fixed on the television.
“I suggest you go, Jonah,” he says, and he does.
And then, Jesus fucking
up, but before he can think about it-
“I don’t mean like- not in the Creepy Vampire way, I’m not saying you smell tempting or- I mean, you kinda do, but I wouldn’t ever… fuck, okay, that sounded bad,” He spat out, and he’s fucking this up, okay, Tony can’t
It forces a laugh out of him, and
“Thank you, Tony.” He manages back.
Steve. I’m- I’m interested in someone else.” And Tony’s an open book, written in golden ink in a language Steve was born to read, and he can see it plain as day that it’s
He’s going to get Tony back, or give everything he had to make it happen.
Steve does, relents to it and leans into Tony’s touch. How many times has Steve needed Tony in the last few weeks and just clenched his fists and beard through it.
But Tony is greedy and Steve is addictive, the feeling of him heady and warm and
Steve’s just brought the paper in- some tech conglomerate or something, Stark tech- he stops reading or paying any attention when he sees
with a group of spies, a monster, and a supersoldier. He can get all of that. Honestly.
“So you just going ‘round kissin’ all the people in the room or something?”
