It could’ve been worse, hell, it has been worse, so Dean accepts the beer and lets an evening of small talk and chatter wash away any of the embarrassment he has left.
“Sam, I told you to leave this alone after you couldn’t figure out a way to sue her. Obviously, you need to figure out your own life first.”
“How come? You’re not one of those hippie vegan types are you?”
“Where are your parents?” he asks, trying to sound as stern as he gave the appearance of being.
“Good to know you have my back, Sammy. Wait… you said, ‘I was having an affair’. Did you guys break it off?”
Dean looks broken now, staring down at the bottle in his hand. He shakily puts it back on the table. “I lied to my brother, made him feel like shit for his decision to go to college and ignored any request for us to reunite again, just so that he could have a normal life. I’m poison, Cas. Nobody can get near me without getting hurt.”
“Sorry Cas, but you don’t have cable and I’ve seen all the re-runs of Doctor Sexy that were on today. Didn’t think it would do that much harm if I stopped in for some pie.”
Castiel returns it. “It is a pleasure to meet you, Dean,” he says in a surprisingly low voice- like the sort of voice Dean hears from those phone-sex operators. “Sam had told me a great deal about you.”
“What the hell does that mean?” Dean cries out.
Dean steps back. “What are you just going to keep me hostage here until I gush my
“No one,” Castiel says softly, tightening his grip.
Bobby gives him a pointed look.
As Friday nights go, this one sucks. Dean’s personal life has gone down the drain, but he didn’t think it sucked to the extent that he would spending his Friday with his little brother and his boss. He also didn’t expect Sam bring along his copy of his ex’s book-
“Normal? Dean, I do recall you calling me a necromancer freak,” he says lightly.
“So, I’ll text you later… or call… whatever,” Dean tells Castiel before they say goodbye. Castiel watches Dean and Emma as they leave, still a little stunned from the day’s events.
“No I didn’t! Were you even paying attention to me? I was telling you, Jess and Jo about how I had a new co-worker.”
“Fine, I’ll talk with you. I’ll be old chatty-Cathy if you want. Just let me get into my car.”
“Nah, he’s just following me around cause he likes me. Of course I told him. I mean, not all of it. It isn’t any of his business.”
Sam had read twenty-six books about his life in the past month and he was now on
Castiel is slightly honoured that this strange man is defending him, even if Bobby Singer refuses to look directly at him. It’s better than Dean, the person he actually shares a personal history with, who is openly pretending that he isn’t in the room.
“So I heard about Jess,” he says as an explanation. “I guess my advice kind of sucked, didn’t it?”
as she had told him to call her many times- had always been much more approachable for Castiel. Her easy smile and welcoming manner had often brought Castiel into the Winchester kitchen (although she always made sure it was when her two sons and her husband weren’t at home; Mary had sensed Castiel’s unease with her boys and the pure terror that John Winchester had struck in Castiel). Whenever Castiel had received an invitation to come over, he was always greeted with a fresh piece of pie and vanilla ice cream at his appointed spot at the kitchen table where Mary would sit across from him and wait to hear about his days.
“I’m saying me, dad, and Sammy have been looking for the
“Oh you know, his inability to keep it in his pants is making his life miserable. Apparently he’s outgrown Jess and he’s thinking about divorcing her.”
Although Castiel has done this often enough, he always hates the moment when the dead spring back to life. It has the same suspense of waiting for toast to pop up from a toaster, but with twice the consequences. What was once an empty vessel is now a widely alive young woman.
“Um… yeah… you guys are dating.”
“Nugent, Bachman, Bonham?” Castiel mumbles.
Cas steps ahead of him, moving towards Saturn. “Saturn is the sixth planet from the sun. How many of the moons of Saturn can you name? There’s Titan, Mimas, Dione, Hiperion-”
“I couldn’t. It would take you away from the party.”
“Um…” he says, as right now that’s the only thing he can say. His mind is running through every mention of Cas that Sam has made. Dean’s feeling pretty dumb right now, and he’s had some dumb moments in his life (like dropping out of high school and only getting hired at a decent desk job because Bobby took pity on him and hired him). “So you weren’t having an Elton John moment?”
if he
“What’s keeping you awake?” he slurs.
“I’ll just have to relieve you from it,” Cas smiles, tugging at the band of Dean’s pants. Cas slips two fingers in before Sam stands up and coughs.
“And would this new guy in Sam’s life be the reason you’re acting all like Aunt Flo’s been visiting?”
“She deserved it,” Sam mutters.
“I just thought that today is extremely pleasant out and Sam’s away, so maybe you would like to go out on a walk with me?”
“We’ve had two offers,” Bobby explains slowly as if he’s talking a child. “Movie or a TV series. Chuck wants a movie, but I want a TV series.”
as an art gallery. Yet, here he was with Jo, wasting a Saturday looking at art. Which was fine, except that it was modern art. Art like Monet he got, it was boring, but he got it. Spending the day looking at twisted metal that represented the struggle of man or some crap like that was another matter. If he wanted to look at metal he could spend the day fixing his car, which was right now sitting at a friend’s garage without a carburettor. Sadly, he had made plans to hang out with Jo, and it was her turn to pick and she didn’t want to go to Monster Trucks again.
, Cas! You need to tap me,
Sam calms down enough to cough out, “oh my god, that was funniest thing I think I’ve ever seen.”
“Dean, it seemed pretty clear to me what your feelings were towards me when you started ignoring me.”
Castiel nods. He expected Dean to mock him for it, but there’s a genuine look of delight in Dean’s eyes.
There’s a rush of anger for Dean. He doesn’t want be the
“No you’re not. Hey, there’s a chick over there,” he looks over that’s been checking you out the entire evening. Why not go over there and say hi?”
The next couple of days are awkward, but slowly Dean comes out of his room and silently walks into the living room with his laptop in hand. Castiel is doing laundry in the other room. He walks in with a cup of coffee for Dean in one hand and the laundry basket filled with plaid and soft cotton balancing on his hip.
“Winchester!” Henriksen greets, “this is Balthazar.” Henriksen moves aside for Dean to shake hands with this Balthazar dude. There is something creepy about the man, probably with the way he eyes up Dean like he’s a collectable item and at the same time looks at Dean like he’s just a monkey in a suit.
“I hope you’re referring to the food item.”
“Yeah, it’s this girl that Sammy’s been travelling with, or at least that’s what she wants us to think. One of Bobby’s contacts reported seeing Sam with some chick named Ruby a few months back- cute girl with blonde hair. One of the bartenders I talked to last night said she’s seen Sam with a girl named Ruby, but get this; she’s a brunette with completely different features.”
Castiel looks up wide-eyed from the dog. “Huh?”
“He’s not my boyfriend,” Castiel murmurs.
Dean’s eyes open and Castiel steps back, dropping the blanket onto the ground. Dean looks at him frantically before the look of recognition passes on his face and he relaxes.
Cas nods, although he's still looking at the door in which Dean has just exited from. “And you are suggesting that I should be the one who informs him that my feelings towards him are romantic?” Sam nods. “And how do you think I should go about this?”
“Yeah, well, just don’t leave your wife without thinking about it.”
Whatever faults and misguided “morals” Gabriel has, Castiel has always been thankful for Gabriel’s impressive ability to go to places no one else can. Gabriel’s…
Gabriel’s eyes light up when he sees what’s on the TV screen.
Obviously Castiel is not happy about being woken up and shuffled upstairs to the spare bedroom, but Dean chuckles at how owl-like Cas looks- all wide-eye and ruffled- when Bobby shakes him awake. Castiel hears him and shoots him a dirty look before following Bobby upstairs.
“Well, if you are Dean Winchester, got to say, Sam didn’t care that much for you. You left him all alone to defend himself. Even if he knew you were alive, he wouldn’t want to speak to you.”
“You heard that demon skank. He doesn’t want to see me. Guess he’s not that torn up about my death. Better touch me now and send me back to Hell.”
“First off, don’t call me that ever again, and second, I told you, I know where they’re going to strike next.”
“You think me and Castiel are dating?” he chokes out. Dean can see tears starting to run down his brother’s face. “
“Um, yes,” Castiel says, looking to Gabriel for confirmation. He barely remembers what their cover story is, but he knows the facts about the case- a young rich woman had died in her apartment alone. It seems that she had been killed by a dog, despite the fact that she didn’t own one and the entire building was pet free. Plus, she had been on the top floor.
“Okay, that’s enough,” Dean yells, as he snatches the book away from Sam. Not that Sam notices, as he’s yowling with laughter at this point. Bobby can’t even hide the grin on his face and he’s leaning into Sam as they laugh. Honestly, if Dean had a chance, he would burn every copy of this book, along with that stupid
I want to see you dance again”
“An old friend of Dad’s. They were in the same line of business.”
Castiel’s not sure how they got like this, but right now they’re standing about an inch apart, practically breathing on each other. Dean looks down, his eyes wide with fear. Castiel realizes that his hands are raised, like he’s going to touch Dean again and end his life. It’s an instinct that he’s picked up from dealing with angry corpses. He quickly drops his hands and steps back from Dean.
“How did you even collect this information?” Cas asks.
Castiel frowns. “It seems like a waste of human life if we killed Dean Winchester. Can’t we allow him to stay?”
hunter’s books.”
“You can’t touch me, remember?” Castiel hisses. “If you do, you die… again.”
“For me.”
times, Gabriel,” Castiel huffs. He’s kneading dough for the afternoon selections of pies, although he fears that the amount of aggression he’s taking out on it will ruin this batch. “You work for yourself, so we both know the money goes directly into your bank account.”
“She’s high up there in the department, like way high there. She’ll cover for us.”
“No luck? Oh well, you’ll just have to keep trying. Dean’s dumb, but he can’t be that dumb.”
Ruby turns to Dean. “He doesn’t want to see you Dean. Said he was better off without you. Said he never wanted to be burdened with your sorry ass again-”
“Ah yes, hello there my favourite pie maker! Have you finally decided to pay attention to the wonderful medium of television? Are you sure you can afford to spoil your brain with all those pop culture references?”
“Thank you, Dean,” the shorter man tells him sincerely. “You’ve helped in more ways than you can imagine.”  Just as he leaves, he turns and gives Dean a peck on the cheek. The action is weird and out of place- very much a Castiel move- and leaves Dean standing there stunned.
“It was just so sad, Charles. He said she just
The man keeps beaming as they bid farewell.
This time it’s not Dean’s fault.
So the pie shop may be rewarding, but that doesn’t mean Castiel wouldn’t mind some extra cash to- say- replace the trench coat he’s owned since high school.
“Yeah, well, that’s enough,” he mumbles, taking a swig of his beer.
Dean’s disapproval must be all over his face, because Sam just frowns at him and adds defensively, “Anyways, it’s not like you’re in the position to judge, certainly not after your last ex.”
“Okay, how about Clint Eastwood or John Ford?” suggests Castiel. At that, Dean clutches his chest with his hand. Castiel has gone too far.
“God no! Dean you know I’m straight. What could have possibly led you to think that Cas and I are together?”
So Castiel does.
“Have you seen the news?” Castiel repeats, choosing to ignore his cousin’s teasing. “The FBI has identified that John Doe we saw in the morgue.”
They move to the library, where the furniture has been moved aside and a Devil’s Trap, red and prominent, has been painted on the floor. Castiel raises an eyebrow, but steps around it. Bobby lights up three candles and hands Dean a book.
“I told you, we’re not together.”
At first, Castiel notices small changes that occur with Dean, such as bad backs and a shooting pain he feels in his knees. Dean no longer takes physically demanding cases. He instead opts for the planning aspect of a case and prefers to be the general brains behind the operation (a position that Sam mocks him about constantly). After that, Castiel begins to see further signs that Dean is no longer as young as he remembers - grey hair, larger and more permanent laugh lines, a need for glasses.
“Dunno. Kind of craving crabs,” Dean says.
“You coming?” he asks, shaking the keys in his hands. Castiel wasn’t sure that Dean would want him to follow… but apparently killing his mother isn’t enough to stop Dean from craving company on the road. Quickly, Castiel finishes his breakfast, hurrying to gather his stuff. Just as he’s about to leave, Bobby grabs his arm and pulls him aside.
“Well, you could’ve fooled me. You guys stare at each other like you want to swallow each other whole.”
So yes, puberty had sucked for Castiel; and after discovering his ability, he quickly swore to never use it again. He was content that it was himself that could bring back the dead (and not someone like Gabriel) and would have been happy spending the rest of his life pretending to be normal.
“Dean?” Castiel gasps, his blue eyes widening. “I’m surprised to see you here.”
“You keep saying I saved you from Hell, but you can’t mean that literally?”
-Neil Young, Harvest Moon
“Dean,” Sam says, almost as if he’s taken aback by the gesture of Dean showing up. This hurts, and makes Dean feel like an even bigger jerk than usual.
“You kind of already did,” Dean chuckles.
“Dean Winchester? Dean Winchester is dead.”
Dean shrugs. Famously, John Winchester did not get along with his youngest. Dean knew that Sam saw their father as a drunk- one who sponged off the goodness of his eldest son’s heart. Sam had often stated that Dean was a sucker because he kept giving money to their father, but Dean thought otherwise. His father had been through a lot- a war, the loss of the love of his life- and Dean felt his father didn’t deserve half of Sam’s criticisms.
,” he yells out. “I
And the only way he knew how was to take Castiel lingerie shopping.
Bobby’s advice is great, except for the part where Sam’s personal life keeps texting Dean. Dean thought if he ignored them long enough, Castiel would stop texting, but apparently the part where he doesn’t excel in social situations applies to non-verbal communication.
As soon as they exit the store, Dean moves away from Cas. Again, they fall into a stony silence and Castiel refuses to spend the rest of the car ride like this. He speaks up before Dean can shut him out again.
“God,” Dean laughs after Cas tells Dean about a time in college where Gabriel had managed to fake a UFO spotting, “I wish I had what you had.”
Hours into their drive, they stop at an off road diner, the kind that is only frequented by truckers and lost tourists. Sure enough, there are two truckers sitting at the counter and there’s a bored middle-aged waitress who barely glances over at them when they enter. They take a booth that is the furthest away from the group, hoping not to draw suspicion.
Still, he wanted to leave his brother’s love life alone (like stay as far away as possible alone), but after three months in the bunker and countless years of unresolved sexual tension, Sam knew he needed to take matters into his own hand and get those two together.
“Fine,” Bobby grumbles. “But I’m researching the hell out of him and if anything suspicious comes up, we’re ganking him.”
Bobby looks like he’s going to protest, but Dean shoots him a challenging glare and he remains silent.
“Like I’m having an affair,” Sam says and look, there’s that bitchface that Dean knows and hates.
Dean laughs at that. “Yeah, I am. Might have a big plate of them after we catch and kill those sons of bitches.”
“I need to find you a hobby or something. Yeah, but see I thought him and Sammy were together and I didn’t want to say anything so I… so I ignored him. Now I find out that Sammy doesn’t even like dick and had nothing to do with Cas, and I’ve been acting like an ass this entire time.”
“Given that you’ve been headline news for the last few days, I think the chances of Sam knowing about your death are rather high.”
“I shouldn’t be bothering you,” he states. “Oh wow, that’s really brown,” he says with a watery chuckle.
“Women’s underwear? You are suggesting that the best way to woo Dean is through women’s underpants?”
“I should’ve know that you can’t be trusted to run your own romantic life,” Bobby laughs. “So you’ve fucked up again.”
Sam and Ruby stop at a large, centuries-old looking building that’s clearly been abandoned. According to a rusting, half illegible sign, it’s St. Mary’s Convent, because of course that’s where a demon and his brother want to spend their free night- at a convent.
“But the touching…”
“You shouldn’t believe everything you see on TV, Sammy,” Dean quips. “Or from that demon bitch,” he says, shooting Ruby a glare.
“Okay,
“Where’s he going to go? We have his car in lock up and he’s legally dead. Can’t get far.”
“So you what? Joined up with a demon? Found some magic powers to abuse?”
“Really?” Cas says with disbelief, turning to look at Dean. “I thought no one liked Westerns after the age of ten.”
Not the case itself, which is surprisingly easy. It’s the afterwards that gets a little messy.
underpants?”
“It was then that I realized that I had entered a relationship with a classic butch-male stereotype- one that was always overcompensating in fear that any action he performed would be perceived as that of girly or unmanly, a trait certainly introduced by his militaristic upbringing. This was a man who firmly believed that masculinity was based on womanizing, heavy drinking, loud music and classic cars- all tropes befitting of a midcentury patriarch,” Sam reads out loud. Bobby nearly choked on his beer and Dean was sitting next to the two, his face bright scarlet.
“Dean,” he asks quietly. Dean just shakes his head. “Dean, I know you’re not okay. I’m here if you need to talk.”
Dean lets out a low whistle. “Yeah, nothing says well-balanced like sleeping with your brother’s partner.” The cashier raises an eyebrow as he passes Dean their pie. Castiel makes a motion to pay, but Dean stops him. “Don’t worry about it,” Dean insists, handing the money over to the cashier.
Sam shrugs and Dean can see him shaking his head in the corner of his eye. “You guys have been hanging out a lot lately. Thought you two were friends.”
“Dean’s great, isn’t he?” Sam asks Castiel as he digs into his salad. Castiel remains silent as he chews his way through his burger. Usually they didn’t spend a great deal of time together at the office considering that Sam rarely dealt with Castiel’s department, but Sam had made a point of getting Castiel out of the office for lunch. The guy needed a little more exposure to the rest of the world, and Sam suspected that if Cas wasn’t at the office, he was spending most of his time at his apartment alone.
“That’s about it. Might hit up a couple of bars tonight. You know, scout out for people who might possibly be missing…”
“I expect it’s for the case. Heard from Bobby?”
Dean nearly chokes. Jo bursts out laughing.
“Hey! I got that aspect of my life under control.”
“You lost a lot of blood, but the ambulance was there in time. You’re fine now, for someone who had suffered major bleeding. Doctors say a couple of days on bed rest and you’ll be out of here.”
If Sam could move on with his life, than Dean should be capable of doing the same. It’s not like his wife left him. He just screwed up a friendship and a potentially great relationship. So he takes Jo’s advice and begins focusing on work, begins working out (to get rid of all that Cheetos-fat he has gained), and arranged for more visiting hours with Emma. That’s another battle entirely since Lydia wants Dean nowhere near Emma. A quick call from Sam sorts that out and Emma now gets every weekend and certain days of the week that Dean can get off (
“You could try. Better you than me,” Sam snorts. “I wouldn’t have Bobby mad at me for anything in the world. I’m just glad it’s your ass that’s on the line.”
“I wanted to step away from the notion of angels as guardians with fluffy wings,” Chuck explains. “I wanted them to be badass, alien-like. Far removed from humanity.”
grade, he’s been moving from school to school, living out of motel rooms while his dad looked for things responsible for his mom’s death. He had watched Sammy grow up and leave them for Stanford- not unexpected, the guy was always too smart to be stuck with Dean and John Winchester while they “wasted their lives looking for the monster under the bed”. It seemed so important then for Sammy to stick with them, but since Dean’s died, he’s kind of glad that Sammy made it out of the life. He’s probably some rich lawyer somewhere, who's super embarrassed that he’s related to a suspected serial killer with a GED. Probably glad he’s dead.
As much as this thought pains Castiel, he does not leave. Sam marries and moves away, develops a life away from hunting. He visits often enough, but still, he’s no longer constantly there and there’s an empty presence that both Dean and Castiel feel. It’s now just the two of them and whatever the two of them are.
By instinct, he grabs his gun that is lying in a plastic box next to him. Dean hasn’t had a home in a long time, so the feel of his Colt 1911 is as close as he’s going to get. It also the same instinct that makes him point the gun at the stranger. He looks harmless, but you never know; underneath the Columbo jacket, he might be some black belt that could kick Dean’s ass. Dean doubts it, but it’s better to be safe than sorry.
Dean plays with the corner of the beer bottle label, refusing to make eye contact.
“Come on, spill.”
“You probably think I’m too cerebral,” Castiel confesses, moving to the next planet.
“What?”
Castiel watches as Bobby reaches out and touches Dean. He thinks for a moment that all is well, but again Bobby swings to take a stab at Dean. Dean moves fast, deflecting the blade once again and grabbing Bobby’s arm.
“Hey, it’s not my fault you never wanted the money. If I remember correctly, the first time I offered you any, you said something about “not wanting to profit from waking the dead,” Mr. High and Mighty.” Castiel can see Gabriel smirking at him from the corner of his eye.
“So we just… hang around?”
“Yeah, if he doesn’t shoot me first.”
“What the
Castiel is standing behind him and he knows the guy is just trying to be supportive, but he wishes he left the dude in the car. As soon as they reach the gravesite, Castiel leaves him, moving a few graves down.
“We fought a lot,” Castiel states, his voice restrained and even. It makes Dean jump in his seat as he turns off the engine. “He was…
Dean visible flinches. “No, of course not.”
“We both know that is not true,” Castiel says, inspecting a peach for any flaws. He picks a few that he deems perfect and moves back to the counter. Picking up a knife, he finely slices them. “And we both know that I do not have the time to help you with what many would consider grave-robbing.”
“Hello?” he mumbles out.
“Cas!” Dean says brightly, his face flushed, his eyes blurry. “Grab a beer.”
“You trust him?”
It’s almost midnight and he’s exhausted from running around town, trying not to get caught by either the police or Castiel and Gabriel. Thank whoever that Baby was still in police, and not state, custody. It had been a bitch, but he had freed Baby from the compound and managed to get a state over before lack of sleep caught up with him. Bobby will have to wait until tomorrow.
“Well, I mean, it’s not all bad,” Gabriel grins. Both Castiel and Dean turn to him. “Oh, it’s just you got me another case to solve, this time with a big reward.”
Castiel is standing awkwardly just outside the front entrance, cell phone at his ear and that ugly trench coat in his arms. As Dean walks out, he hears a sigh of defeat as Castiel closes his phone.
“Sounds like a keeper,” Jo snorts.
“How do you feel about angels?” he hears Chuck tell the crowd, “yeah, because let me tell you, they’re not as lame as you think.”
She pouts but doesn’t protest when Dean picks her up and carries her to the bathroom. One surprisingly un-messy bath later, they’re on the way to the park with a bag of bread to feed the ducks there. It’s the perfect sight for Dean, watching Emma as she chases after ducks and as she throws pieces of bread at the un-amused birds. He quickly snaps a picture of her being chased by a duck for Sam, sending it with a smirk. That smirk quickly disappears when he looks up to see that Emma is nowhere in sight.
Never in Dean’s life has he wanted to see something dead more and never before has he had to
Dean snorts. “Yeah, that and the fact that I’m a dead man walking. You don’t mind hanging out with a fugitive serial killer?”
“I’ll hold you to it,” Dean says with a wide grin. Castiel watches as Dean gathers his daughter into his arms, and gives Castiel another one of those shit-eating grins that Dean seems to do.
As he racking his brain to figure out just how to find Sammy, Bobby is calling up all his contacts, sending out word for them to keep an eye out for Sam. They only take a break to make and eat dinner (piss-poor beans on toast) and it’s almost two in the morning when Dean slumps back into his chair, exhausted and frustrated. At this moment, he glances over to the living room, only to see that Castiel has long fallen asleep on the couch.
. It’s the right thing to do.”
“I should have ordered the food and brought it back to the car,” Castiel murmurs as they open their menus. He has forgotten that not only is Dean suppose to be dead, he was also wanted for several crimes before that. They were lucky the first time, but Castiel feels that they are pushing their luck.
“I cannot support him with his plans on leaving his wife. You must think I’m a horrible person for not “being there” for him.”
“You died, Dean,” the man-
“Hi, sorry, she does that sometime…” The man’s pace slows to a stop as he comes closer to Castiel. Dean Winchester stands before him, looking slightly stunned and mostly embarrassed.
“You think Sam will run?” Castiel asks.
“Excuse me, but I need to walk my dog,” Castiel says, moving to open the passenger side of the door.
“Jesus, Cas,” Dean mutters before reaching out again.
“I thought you said you wanted us to get a head start,” he says quickly, jumping from the bed.
Dean looks up to see Castiel staring intently at what is probably Mrs. Novak’s grave. He wonders what would have happened between them if their mothers hadn’t died. They could’ve been married by now, still living in Lawrence, nice and close to their folks. Dean could have been a fire fighter or could’ve taken over Dad’s garage and Cas could have still been baking pies. Sammy for sure would’ve been a great lawyer, not hanging out with some demon chick. All would have been right in the world.
“I’m a friend of his brother, Sam Winchester,” Castiel explains.
“My break-up or how I met Sam?”
at this time of night, let alone a formerly dead neighbour. Dean looks him apologetic, but Castiel no longer feels capable of replying. Instead, he slips out of the room and goes to bed.
In the beginning there was nothing.
, ignores her father for the attention of Waffles. Dean lets out a frustrated huff and looks as if he’s about to snap.
Castiel sighs. What the hell, they might die tomorrow.
Castiel quickly glances around the restaurant; all of his costumers are peacefully eating their pies. There isn’t the panic that Castiel expected, which could mean the cops haven’t released anything to the public yet. Gabriel is clearly just teasing Castiel for the sake of it.
“Like a balloon? Or a cake? Should I buy Dean pie?”
“God, no! We’re brothers. Brothers.” Dean used to travel cross-country during college with his brother and it was surprising how often people thought they were together. Like really surprising.
“Castiel,” Balthazar laughs. “You haven’t told Dean here about your humble origins as a preacher’s son from Illinois.” Balthazar turns to Dean. “We have to be delicate around him. He’s practically a virgin. Well, almost.” Balthazar reaches over to pinch Castiel’s red cheeks, which Castiel quickly shakes off. “Ah, now he’s shy.”
Dean lets out a hollow laugh. “Not according to some folks. I’ve done some pretty shitty things in my time, Cas. I mean I never murdered anyone, but the rest of things the Feds want me for, that’s real.”
bringing our dinner to the movie theatre.” To further end this suggestion, Dean mans the fuck up, takes the lobster from Cas, and throws it into the boiling water with a motion that would be considered “jerky” at best.
“I need you to get me into the morgue before his body is moved.”
“So you knew Castiel before this,” Bobby eventually asks, grabbing the book away from Dean.
“I think Jones is overrated,” Sam interrupts. “Actually, I think he might be a candidate for the academy,” he says to Castiel. Castiel lets out a snort of amusement. Dean shoots his brother a questioning look. “Castiel and I have created this academy of the overrated for just deserving people as Carl Jung.”
“You were acting like a dick to him,” Sam continues. “Like if I were him, I wouldn’t forgive you.”
“Hello?”
Hearing Dean say this drains all the energy he has. He’s tired and doesn’t want to be arguing with
“Like I said, they’re all fake. Can’t get a proper ID for the body and nobody around here recognizes him.”
Castiel nods. “Not until you tell me why you’ve given up on finding Sam.”
“That could be good? Only thing you can link Castiel is with Jesus, so that must mean he’s here to do something good.”
“It wasn’t a dog,” she says coldly. “It wasn’t an animal.”
Dean remembers hearing that line on the news, loud and clear, and thinking, “but what the hell does that mean?”
“Not until after dinner.”
“Yes, I know who you are. What do you want?” If there was any cheer in Castiel’s voice when he answered, it’s gone now and the voice talking to him is cold.
“You were,” the stranger tells him (and whoa does he have a deep voice for such a scrawny looking guy). This isn’t told to him in a reassuring tone, instead the dude just says it in a neutral tone, almost bored like- like he sees people coming back from the dead all the time. For all Dean knows, he has. It’s not the strangest thing that Dean has come across (it’s amazing what you come across in late night dinners and truck stops at midnight), especially considering the fact that he’s been to Hell… and back apparently.
“That’s appalling,” Castiel agrees, but there is a small smile on his face. “I better go.”
Now he feels the cool of metal upon his back. He’d been naked before and he was still naked, but he was covered now, just lightly. It’d taken him a second, but now he realized he was on a gurney and he could see a body sitting across from him- one that had been torn and ripped like he was. This is a morgue, although he has no idea where the morgue is.
“And you have.”
God, Dean hopes not. With the thoughts that Dean has been having about Cas, he doesn’t really doesn’t need to raise the chances of him being sent back to Hell.
“Why don’t you just tell him?” Sam asked. Castiel quickly turned back to Sam with a confused look upon his face.
“And I should trust you, why?”
Cas smiles, rising from the table and stands next to Dean.
An hour on the road finds them in Lawrence, Kansas.
“No,” Dean says sharply. “You brought me back here. You owe me.”
Tonight, Ellen mans the bar (as always), her eyes drifting across the room before landing where Dean sits with his brother, Sam, and Sam’s wife, Jess. Ellen nods she makes eye contact with Dean, but he can see her tense when she spots her daughter, Jo, sitting with them. Dean has been coming to this bar for a few years, but he still doesn’t get total trust from Ellen who is overprotective of her only child. This was partly based on Dean’s well-earned reputation as a womanizer and along with the fact that Jo had harboured a teenaged crush on Dean when they first met. Jo had gotten over that quickly and they had a teasing, but good, friendship.
“I call it the Turducken. It’s the mixture of the best birds in town- turkey, duck and chicken.” Yeah, it’s amazing how inventive Dean gets when he hasn’t been grocery shopping for two weeks and he barely has enough food in his kitchen for a sandwich.
“Honestly, yes. Yes, I am.”
The rest of the drive is in silence, despite the fact that Castiel has long released his hold on the volume knob. They drive through the night, both silently agreeing not to stop for the night. It’s just past three in the morning when they arrive in Maryland, quickly finding a hotel room where the receptionist gives them a dirty look, but takes their money (Gabriel’s) money anyways.
the lobster into the pot with the first one. Quickly he grabs the lid from Cas, who hasn’t clued in that the pot is the only thing protecting Dean from boiling, angry lobsters, and slams it onto the pot which such a force that it falls off, making Dean and Cas jump. As one last heroic action, Dean grabs the lid again and puts it onto the pot, stepping back in triumph and relief.
“Ouch,” he says when Castiel and Dean follow him into the kitchen, giving them both a quick glance before he starts dumping what looks the entire content of the sugar bowl into his mug. “I take it you guy didn’t have sweet dreams last night,” he says, smirking at the two of them.
Charlie and Sam were just confused, Dean concluded as he tried to fall asleep, pushing aside all thoughts of Cas from his mind.
“Oh come on Cas, where’s the fun in that? You know you want to.” Dean smirked at him. God, how he missed just teasing Cas about stuff like this without having to worry about how close to the truth it was and if Cas would figure it out.
“Hey Dean. I wanted to know if you were free tonight. There was a movie screening nearby and I wanted to go watch it. And, well, since my usual movie buddy is in the hospital, finally sleeping much to the relief of the nurses, by the way, I was wondering if you wanted to come along with me?”
(Don't get used to this, we all know I suck at maintaining a schedule for long periods of time xD)
Dean realized he was still staring and he laughed awkwardly.
Gilda was the girl Charlie had been crushing on for a long time and she was convinced Gilda was as straight as an Iron rod. Well, apparently not as straight as Charlie made out her to be.
Happy reading :)
“First of all,” Dean sighs, “He isn’t my boy toy. Stop listening to Jessica about stuff like that. Secondly, nothing happened.” He said with a straight face.
“Should we leave you two alone, Dean?”
He visibly relaxed and nodded at Dean gratefully.
Castiel hadn’t realized that he had been holding his breath until he let it out when Prince Dean opened his mouth to apologize to Castiel.
Before Dean could reply back in kind, his brain registered what he had heard.
“Ob God Dean it was awesome! I had so much fun, we went to a restaurant, the kind where I used to go as a kid, where the waiters are dressed as ‘penguins’” he did the finger quote thing to talk about how Dean felt about such places and it was adorable. “And then we went for a walk in the park where Balt bought me an ice cream to share and he didn’t make fun of me when it got on my nose like it always does and he opened and closed doors for me and you have no idea how amazing it all felt. Dean, this was the best date ever, it was perfect. And have you heard him talk? His accent is something to die for, Dean he sounds so amazing.” Cas sighed dreamily and that just made him hate Blondie even more.
His marriage was deteriorating and he knew it was all his fault. His boss, Zachadouche Adler as Cas called him, had been holding the idea of a promotion and pay raise over his head for almost a year, making him work outrageous hours and an obscene amount. It was putting a strain on his and  marriage but they needed the money that would come with the raise and he didn’t know what else to do. Cas had been very understanding, stopping by at the office after his classes to bring Dean lunch which he knew Dean would have forgotten to eat, giving him back rubs whenever sitting in front of the computer got too much, and not complaining when he had to cancel their dates. That didn’t mean that Cad didn’t feel hurt or  that he didn‘t  deserve better. He deserved much better, Dean decided as he towelled off, planning to do something special for Cas as soon as he got a day off.
Dean groaned as he settled down between Cas’ legs, and his very hard dick finally got some friction. He jerked his hips against the covers, looking for some relief when Cas stopped him. “Oh no, that just won’t do Dean. Keep your ass up in the air, I’d like to admire that masterpiece as you eat me out.”
.....
“It’s okay Dean. You needed that and I am more than happy to be able to help you. Now, you drink this glass of water and go home and sleep. Your nurse friend Charlie told me you haven’t slept for more than 2 hours since yesterday morning. No, Dean. Don’t object to it. You need to rest. There is Jessica as well as other oncologists who can be on call. You need to take the rest of the day off. When was even the last time you took a day off. Hmm? Charlie says, never. So today you go home and sleep the day, then in the evening I’m taking you out for drinks. You will relax for a while, have some drinks, loosen up. Then tomorrow you can come back if you want, but for today, you are not on call for today, okay? Now quickly drink up your water and go home.”
Anyway, as always this is unbeta’ed and all mistakes are mine. English isn’t my first language so feel free to point out any and all mistakes. Constructive criticism is welcome.
When Cas got home, he was immediately greeted with the smell of food burning, and a lot of smoke. He went into the kitchen to see what happened, to find Dean standing there with a dejected look on his face. Seeing Dean’s sadness made Cas’ heart hurt too.
“Yes, Dean. I really kissed you, you’re not dreaming.” Dean laughed a breathy laugh and looked at Cas with a wide grin on his face.
Cas thrust in with one solid motion. Three fingers was nowhere near enough prep for a cock as big as Cas’ and it burned, but the pleasure of being filled up overrode any pain he might have felt. Dean let out a long breath as he adjusted to the intrusion, wanting to touch himself, or Cas, but unable to do so.
Obviously, it didn’t help that Cas was a very, VERY touchy-feely, giggly, and motherfucking adorable drunk. As Dean had found out during one of their many drinking sessions. And Sam being the little shit he was, did nothing to help the situation. Their conversation was interspersed with Sam “accidentally” spilling his drink on Dean’s pants which Cas immediately tried to wipe off with a napkin, or Jess pointing out something on Dean’s shirt which Cas decided he absolutely had to see, and when he couldn’t find it (because there was nothing to begin with), he decided to roam his hands over Dean’s torso to see if he could feel whatever it was that his drunken brain had missed. This was total torture and Dean sent a glare in his brother’s direction which promised revenge.
He talked to Dr. Barnes who was a paediatrician in the same hospital. She told him about a child with possible leukaemia, whose file she was sending over for him to look at. From what he saw, he was sure that the poor girl had some sort of Cancer but he wanted to be sure so he called the father to set up an appointment for later that day.
"It was taking you too long to come out so I thought I'd come and get you." He says with a much too innocent shrug that makes Dean roll his eyes at Cas as he exits his car.
They spent most of the day drinking and playing games neither of them had played in what had to be decades. They ate some of the food that Cas had packed and some of what they sold at the arcade slash bar.
That thought had Dean’s own dick twitching in his panties, but before he could reach down to touch himself, Cas stopped him.
Before Dean knows what happened, Jo slaps him hard enough to sting a bit, before hugging him tightly. "Why didn't you tell me before, jerk! God, I'm so proud of you, Dean."
Meanwhile, here's a new chapter that I hope you enjoy.
“You don’t get to touch yourself, Dean. Your body is mine to pleasure and if you touch what is mine, I will tie you up. Now, I’m going to pull down your panties just enough to expose your hole, and finger you till you’re coming, dirtying those pretty panties for me. Then I will continue to stretch you and eat you out until you’re hard again and begging for me to fuck you, and only then will I fuck you. And God, will I fuck you. I will pound your ass until you can’t think straight. You will come on my cock while I plow you into the mattress and then I will come all over that pretty body of yours. If at any time you touch yourself, I’ll tie you up and stop what I’m doing, and make you watch me as I jerk myself off all over you. Are we clear?”
Hearing Cas’ voice, Gabe said to Sam, “Ah. He got distracted by Cas. Makes sense.” And they both laughed at his expense.
“Wow Cas that sounds like so much fun.” Dean tried to be cheerful but his voice sounded hollow even to his own ears. Cas gave him a weird look and said,
“You HAVE to kiss Mister Dean, daddy! it ‘s bad luck not to.” In a very serious tone.
With that, Dean rushed into his room to get dressed. Exactly two minutes later Dean came out with his clothes all buttoned up, and him being completely ready to leave. He found Cas looking at a picture of him as a kid with his mom. It was one of the very few pictured he had of his mom before she died, and was his favourite.
Of course, Ben being excited also means that it takes Dean twice as long as usual to get him dressed, and by the time the two head out, there is a little blonde girl sitting on the couch, talking to Sam, while Charlie and Cas are nowhere to be seen.
Cas and Dean talked about their jobs. Cas was a teacher in the local high school and taught English Literature to moody, uninterested teenagers. They talked a bit about their childhoods but mostly avoided the subject, reason being that it was not a happy subject. Dean’s parents had died and Cas no longer talked to his.
Dean turns to look at the person who helped him and immediately drowns in the pools of clear blue that are his eyes.
“Woah. easy, tiger.” Dean said as he saw recognition draw upon his brother’s face.
His marriage was deteriorating and he knew it was all his fault. His boss, Zachadouche Adler as Cas called him, had been holding the idea of a promotion and pay raise over his head for almost a year, making him work outrageous hours and an obscene amount. It was putting a strain on his and  marriage but they needed the money that would come with the raise and he didn’t know what else to do. Cas had been very understanding, stopping by at the office after his classes to bring Dean lunch which he knew Dean would have forgotten to eat, giving him back rubs whenever sitting in front of the computer got too much, and not complaining when he had to cancel their dates. That didn’t mean that Cad didn’t feel hurt or  that he didn‘t  deserve better. He deserved much better, Dean decided as he towelled off, planning to do something special for Cas as soon as he got a day off.
TRIGGER WARNING: HOMOPHOBIA. TO ANYONE WHO THINKS THEY MIGHT BE TRIGGERED, I’M POSTING A SUMMARY AT THE END OF THE CHAPTER, YOU CAN READ THAT INSTEAD.
“Yeah dipshit, I know you ‘zoned out’ and ‘got lost in your own mind’ and were ‘thinking’. I’ve been sitting here for the past god-only-knows-how-many minutes, trying to get your attention while you were lost in Dean-land thinking about your definitely-not-a-crush-only-a-friend Cas. Now what were you thinking that’s so important that you made your queen look like an idiot by zoning out? I’m sure I’m not all that boring, am I?” she teased him with a smirk. Almost as if she knew exactly what Dean was thinking. But she didn’t know it, right? Sure she had her doubts but even Dean didn’t know he was in love with Cas until a few minutes ago, how could she know?
Before he could send it though, Dean erased the message and typed out a new one.
When Castiel reached the castle, he was surprised by the grandeur. His family was wealthy, coming from a long line of rich ancestors, but it paled in comparison to how beautiful and grand the castle was. And if Castiel thought the outside of the caste was beautiful, the main hall left him breathless. The entire room was decorated with green and red, the colors of their flag, and it was so huge that Castiel couldn’t see the other end of the room from where he stood.
“Don’t thank me, Cas. I just did what any decent person would have done. That guy was a total douchebag and he needed to be put back in his place. I’m sorry he tried to ruin our date. You’d probably never face this problem when you’re with a girl. I’m –“
Dean absolutely did not whine as Cas removed his mouth from where it was worshipping Dean’s erection and stood up to grind his denim covered one to Dean’s.
“Hello Claire, nice to meet you. How are you today? Do you know why you’re here?”
“Yes Dean, I love you too but can you be a little less sloppy? The only saliva I want on me is my girlfriend’s.”
"Yeah well whatever. So tell me about this Gilda. How far did you go. Details." Gabe prompted with a lewd wink.
On one such afternoon, Dean is distracted by the way Cas' lips wrap around the straw of his milkshake, and the way his fingers delicately twirl his pencil, which is why he has no idea how the conversation got to where it is- Dean's ass, or lack thereof.
In the end it was decided that Dean and Cas would share one room and Gabe and Sam will share the other for the two weeks that the brothers were visiting. Sam and Gabe teased Dean and Cas relentlessly over having to sleep in the same bed.
“I’ve been here for quite some time now, thank you very much for noticing.” Gabe replied, while at the same time, Cas who had heard Gabe’s name asked,
Dean and his ex, Michael, had been divorced just under a year because
“Yeah okay don’t get distracted, go do your thing with kids.”
The rest of the evening was rushed as everyone needed Castiel to help them out with a billion fucking things. Finally, after they left, Castiel let out a sigh of relief. He had the entire evening to himself and he was going to spend it fantasizing about Prince Dean and what it would have been like to be able to actually go to the ball and have a dance with him. Prince Dean was gorgeous and Castiel knew that this would only ever happen in his fantasies. Just as he was getting to the good part of the fantasy, there was a knock at his door. Even before opening the door, Castiel knew that it was Balthazar, his only stepbrother who treated him like a human. Castiel opened the door to let him in.
Not knowing who it was sunk Castiel’s heart because as much as he would have loved to be the one to catch Dean’s attention, he knew that there was no way the prince would want to marry a nobody whose family didn’t even acknowledge him.
“Yeah yeah whatever. Now go back to your woman before she realizes that she is with the wrong Winchester.”
“Yes, Dean, of course Cas loves you too, you’re his best friend.”
A/N: HEY GUYS! I'M SORRY FOR BEING AWOL FOR SO LONG, BUT I REALLY HADN'T BEEN DOING TOO WELL. HOWEVER I'M BACK NOW WITH A NEW CHAPTER, AND I HOPE THE NEXT CHAPTERS WON'T TAKE SO LONG TO UPDATE. WE'RE ALMOST AT THE END OF THE STORY, AND I HOPE YOU ALL STICK AROUND FOR THE REST OF IT AS WELL.
Cas is upset. Of course Cas is upset, this isn’t the first time Dean has had to cancel their weekly date night. And yet, even though Cas is upset, he still covered Dean with a blanket when he fell asleep working in his office. Cas is a gem and deserves much better, Dean thinks, but he’s so thankful that Cas loves him so much.
“Hello.”
The next day when Claire’s results came through, Dean knew he would have to call her father to tell him the news in person. It was never easy to tell a parent that their child had Cancer and he particularly didn’t want to tell Cas because he didn’t want him to be upset. But he had to tell him and he would rather he told Cas himself than a nurse. He called Cas and set up an appointment to meet in his office in an hour.
When he opened the door, Cas was standing right in front of him, just inches away. Dean look at Cas and realized that he looked really hot. Cas apparently had the same idea as Dean – or Charlie, and wore a burgundy button down with Jeans, which Dean was sure, made his ass look better than phenomenal. His hair was a mess, as if Cas had run his hands through it multiple times, giving him a totally sexed out look which gave Dean’s brain a lot of spank bank material. And goddammit his traitor of a dick was starting to pay attention.
Immediately, Cas pulls his fingers out, and Dean whines at the loss, his hole open and begging to be filled. His disappointment doesn’t last long as he hears the sound of a zipper opening and the squelching sounds of Cas lubing himself up. Dean breathes greedily as he feels the head of Castiel’s dick pressed up against his hole, but not pushing in. Before he can find the words to say something about it, Cas takes hold of both his wrists and holds them over his head on the table.
As usual, English isn't my first language and this is unbeta'ed so any and all mistakes are my own. So feel free to call me out on them.
Cas blushes and hides his face into Dean’s shoulder before dropping open mouthed kisses all over Dean’s neck. “You deserve this, Dean. you deserve all the happiness. Happy anniversary, my love.”
With no one but Cas in mind, Dean packed up his bags, got into his car, and less than 10 minutes later, he was on the road, heading west towards California. He needed to get to Sammy.
Just like that, a switch flipped in Cas’ mind and his actions became even more desperate. As soon as he had removed Dean’s jeans and his own shirt, he knelt in front of Dean and wasted no time teasing, choosing instead to mouth at Dean’s dick and lick him through his panties. Cas pulled at Dean’s Henley with one hand, wordlessly telling him to take it off, while his other hand squeezed Dean’s ass and alternated with toying with his balls. Dean quickly took off his shirt and moved his hands to rest on Cas’ head, pushing it closer to his own dick. That was the closest he could come to fucking Cas’ mouth from this angle.
“None, as far as I know. Claire and I usually sit in front of the TV, watching movies and eating unhealthy shit. None of my family lives close enough for us to bother visiting them, which is a damn relief, thankfully.”
"In their defence, from what I've hears about you, they were enjoying seeing you get embarrassed. I mean you'd do the same in their situation, wouldn't you?" Charlie pointed out.
This made Dean spit out his beer. “What! Everyone knows? Everyone knew before I did? What next? You’re gonna tell me there’s a betting pool going on now? How do you all even know?”
Dean gave Sam his version of a bitch face and said, “Shut up, bitch.”
“Cas, wait. I –“
The next few weeks were a flurry of activities as Claire got settled into the hospital and Cas established a schedule with the staff. Each day, he would drop by after school and spend the evening with Claire. Talking to her about their days and constantly reassuring her that she would be fine. He would always bring all the kids treats or toys or something small like that, which made him the favorite member of the hospital family that they had going on.
Dean’s hand left his nipples and grabbed his cock. He started to move his hand but the friction wasn’t right. Dean spit on his hand a couple of times, making it slick with saliva and began to jerk himself in fast, short motions, while the fingers of his other hand began pumping faster, continuing their previously aborted assault on his prostate.
“I swear to God, Dean. If it was up to me, I’d tear him a new one, tell him exactly how I feel about him abandoning you like that. What does he think, that is was easy for you to come clean about how you felt about him? Sure, being drunk lowers your inhibitions and whatnot, but after a lifetime of being straight, admitting to your best friend that you’re gay is a huge fucking thing, yet, instead of supporting you, being by your side, he just ups and abandons you? Not cool. It would have been fine if he didn’t want to get together with you or something, it would have hurt less than leaving you broken hearted and alone to deal with it. He was supposed to be your best friend, he was supposed to be there for you no matter what, and a small crush shouldn’t have come between your friendship. What the fuck was he thinking? Sure, you had shitty timings, but that doesn’t mean you weren’t his best friend anymore. So what if you had shitty timings? He should have fucking been here with you, instead of fucking off to God knows where. Here – try this shirt on, and these jeans make your ass look good and don’t even think of complaining about not having room for your balls. Your balls can breathe when you get back home, but first you need to blow away Cas’ mind with how good you look. Even if this isn’t a date, you are going to look good – I’ll make sure of that. Cas should know what he has been missing out on, and what he abandoned. You’re a goddamn catch, and that’s high praise coming from a flaming lesbian, Cas should realize that. I might be pissed at Cas, Dean, but I’ve seen how happy he makes you, and I want you two to sort out your problems and get together and have lots of gay sex.”
“Better invest in some noise cancelling head phones, Dean. Dear Cassie here snores louder than a tractor. A life time of sleeping with a tractor will be difficult without those.” Gabe had suggested.
“Well if you kids are done, it’s time to wrap this up and head home.” Dean exclaimed in a falsely cheerful voice and finally glared back at Blondie.
The way his name sounded on Cas’ tongue sent him over the edge with a long drawn moan of “Cas!”
“Fuck! Cas! So close – MMMMMH – oh God! Harder, CAS!” Dean moaned, right at the edge, closer than before, desperate for something to push him over the edge.
“Samuel Tristan Winchester.” Dean answered calmly. “What a pleasant surprise. To what do I owe the pleasure of your call?”
“Dean, before you say anything, I’ve already made up my mind. I want Claire to stay at the hospital.”
“Go.” Cas tells him, pushing him towards his car. “Your son needs you. Just text me your address and tell me when to come over, I’ll see you on Christmas.”
Cas uses his other hand to gently rub against Dean’s hole with his lubed fingers, which, Dean never even noticed when he got out the lube, or where he got it from! Without any warning, Cas thrusts in two fingers and pumps into Dean mercilessly, making him groan loudly.
WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK?!
Cas rolled over and Dean winced at the empty feeling. Dean was still riding the high from his orgasm so he didn’t notice as Cas cleaned them both and came back to bed. He did, however, notice as Cas came up behind him and wrapped his arms around him. If someone had told Dean a year ago that he’d be the little spoon, he would have punched them in their face, but right now, Dean couldn’t care less. He was lying in the arms of his (hopefully) boyfriend and there was nothing better than that.
ANYWAY, HERE YOU GO, HAPPY READING :)
“Well, Gem. It was nice meeting you, but I have to borrow your boyfriend to talk about some private family business.”
“Sure, Cas. Please take your time thinking how you want Claire’s treatment to go and let us know. It is important that you take into consideration not only her needs but also yours.”
“How about, I give you $50 for a blowjob?”
“Oh, um, just asking. How about you come back late please? I, uh, I sort of have a date with Jess and we might come back here. Don’t want you walking in.” Sam replied sheepishly.
‘Clothes!” Dean blurted out. “I forgot to tale my clothes.”
Dean never thought he’d say something like that, but Cas had the most gorgeous cock he had ever seen, and he couldn’t wait to get it inside him. Cas was slightly thicker than him, and just a bit longer, uncut, as compared to Dean’s cut. The head was swollen with blood and looked painfully hard.
“It’s NOT a date.” he mutters to himself.
AS USUAL, FEEL FREE TO POINT OUT ANY AND ALL MISTAKES.
When Dean got home, Cas was already there looking through Dean’s clothes for something. He was bent at the waist, giving Dean a fairly nice view of his ass and of course Dean didn’t want to interrupt but curiosity got better of him and he cleared his throat to get Cas’ attention.
Received: 12.06 am
Around 5 in the evening, a knock on the door distracted him from his thoughts and he looked up to see Cas standing in the doorway.
At some point, Castiel had stopped trying to kiss his mouth and had moved on to exploring Dean’s neck with his mouth, and the moment he found the sensitive spot just beneath his ear, Cas latched on and began sucking and nibbling, no doubt trying to leave a very impressive hickey for everyone to see. If Dean wasn’t so turned on, he’d be worried about the effect Cas was having on him, but for now he was more focused on grinding himself on Cas the best he could to get them both to orgasm.
Dean sighed. This guy knew nothing about being gay, except what his homophobic parents drilled into him as a kid, apparently. By now a small crowd had gathered around them. Dean turned to the crowd and asked, “Okay, ladies. If we all were straight, and single, how many of you would be willing to have sex with me, or Cas here?” He pointed towards Cas, who was looking at Dean with an expression akin to awe. Almost all women raised their hands. He smirked and then pointed towards the homophobic douche and asked, “And under the same conditions how many of you would be willing to have sex with him?” No one raised their hand, except for one girl who Dean thought was his girlfriend.
Please do let me know if you liked tgis chapter, I really enjoy getting comments and Kudos.
Dean’s heart ached for the poor man, having to tell him about his daughter.
Less than half an hour later, Charlie was at his door, letting herself in, with both of her hands full of food items. Dean’s eyes lit up when he saw the pie she had brought.
“How come the bills are so cheap? I don’t mean they should cost more but I did expect it to cost a lot more than this.”
“I love you” he said and that made Dean’s heart grow in size. He would never tire of hearing those words. He cupped Cas’ jaw, thumbing his lips and replied with his own I love you.
With a shy smile, Cas led Dean to an obscured staircase in the back that led to his place. Castiel’s place was small but warm. Dean could see hints of Cas in everything, and he loved it.
After calming Cas down, Dean gave him some water to drink and went out to look for all the required paperwork and share the news with all the kids. They were going to have a new patient coming tonight and everyone wanted to make her feel welcome.
Finally they got home, and as Dean reached down to tuck in his hard cock, Cas stopped him.
Dean turned around and kissed Cas full on the lips, audience be damned. He heard Charlie hooting and cheering for them but paid her no mind. His arms were full of Cas who was kissing him back and there was nothing else he’s rather do at the time. Their kiss turned indecent for public settings very quickly.
Skipping to the present, Castiel was pulled out of his thoughts by a sharp kick to his side, courtesy of his stepbrother, who wanted Castiel to wash a buttload of clothes and have them ready in an hour for the ball. Castiel scoffed internally; anyone who knew anything about house work knew that one hour was not enough to get the clothes washed and ready, but damn if it wasn’t going to try. Castiel spent the better part of the hour washing the clothes and drying them in the oven to get them ready for his ‘family’. The boys of the family were going to the ball because they were invited and the girls were going in the hopes of changing the prince’s mind.
The sight of Cas’ cum making a mess of his hand and Cas’ torso was enough to push Dean over and he spilled his load inside Cas. He ground his hips against Cas’ pushing the cum inside as he spilled shot after shot of his release.
“Hmm?” came a sleepy reply.
Dean told her the entire incident, SLOWLY, and told her what he felt and how he was sure Cas wanted him too. After about a minute of silence, Dean was sure that he had broken her. Charlie Bradbury was never left speechless. Ever.
“Are you sure you’re gay, Charlie? Because the way you’ve been behaving today is making me doubt your gayness.”
Cas didn’t listen to the rest of what Dean said. This could not be happening to him. For years, he had been hopelessly in love with Dean, and he could let it be when he thought Dean wasn’t into guys. But this was too much. Not only did his boyfriend cheat on him, his best friend also told him he was in love with him. Within a matter of a few minutes, Cas’ day had turned over so much that it gave him a whiplash. This was not happening to him. No way.
Dean rolls his eyes at his son’s theatrics, and says, with a smirk,
Dean kisses Cas tenderly, morning breath be damned, and got into the shower with only his thoughts to accompany him.
Charlie sighed at this and said, “Sure Dean, whatever. The point is, I’m not the only one who wants Dean and Cas to get together. Everyone else knows that you guys have a thing for each other. We’re not blind.”
Hey I'm back! Sorry it took so long to upload, but real life called, it said it wants my attention. *sigh*
Hesitating a bit, he turned around and ploughed on, “I told him I love him, Gabe. I told Cas I am in love with him, right after he found out his boyfriend was cheating on him, on his birthday party.” Dean rubbed a hand across his mouth. “God, I’m such a fuck up! Why couldn’t I have kept quiet! There had to be a better time to tell him about it. Any other time, really. Why did I have to be so stupid?”
Cas jumped onto the counter, stopping Dean from coming any closer by pressing a heel to his chest and locking his knee while he bent the other leg beside him on the counter, giving Dean a clear view of what was hidden beneath the panties.
AS USUAL, THIS IS UNBETA’ED AND ENGLISH ISN’T MY FIRST LANGUAGE SO FEEL FREE TO CALL ME OUT ON ANY AND ALL MISTAKES, LET ME KNOW HOW YOU LIKE THIS.
Tears sprung to Dean’s eyes as he read the message – happy tears. Cas wanted to meet him, which meant Cas wasn’t going to completely cut him out of his life. Dean almost jumped in excitement and wiped his eyes as he replied.
“I’ll have a Gin and Tonic, please.” And Holy mother of all that is Holy. That voice made Dean’s dick perk right up. Dean hadn’t even turned around to see the man but he knew that this is the man who he wanted to take home that night. The voice was gravelly and something right out of his wet dreams.
as they exit the mall and head towards their cars. Dean interlocks their fingers and smiles at the feeling of Cas’ hand in his own- Cas’ fingers fitting perfectly between his. As they’re standing between their vehicles, Cas turns to Dean and says,
“Like what you see?” he asked, and Dean couldn’t help but whimper at that voice directed towards him.
When Dean woke up, he was confused for a few seconds, unsure of where he was until he remembered. After two years of dating, he and Cas had bought a house together and just moved in the previous night. He smiled and pulled Cas closer to him.
“I just realized, I haven’t done this since I was a teenager.” he said out loud.
Before Dean can reply, Cas leans across the table to softly peck Dean's mouth, and winks at a blushing Dean before answering her.
That elicited a laugh from the blue eyed man, and he replied, “Castiel. My name is Castiel. You can call me Cas, but I do rather like the sound of ‘Mr. Greek God whose dick I want in my ass tonight’ as well. It does seem quite appropriate.”
In his mind, Dean imagined Cas finding him like this, desperate for release, and taking pity on him, helping him. He imagined Cas walking over, replacing his fingers in his ass with his mouth, licking and sucking at his hole, like it was the best damn thing Cas had ever tasted. In his mind, Cas took over, plunging his tongue into the heat of Dean’s hole and licking, making him slick with his spit, while his hand played with his balls and his other hand jerked him off. He imagined how Cas’ hand would feel on his dick, teasing him, bringing him closer to the edge, just to back off right before he came.
When Dean woke up, he was covered in sweat and had just come, humping his bed, while Cas, the literal guy of his dreams, lay a couple of feet away, sleeping obliviously.
Dean began to tickle Cas' sides, his feet, his calf and any other ticklish spots he could reach while sitting on top of his friend.
Cas replied to all the messages and texted Balth that he was awake and was looking forward to spending time with him. By the time he was done replying to everyone, Dean was ready with his tray of food. He had made some French toast and Bacon with Orange juice, all of which Cas liked but what was the best part of it all was the miniature tower of PBJ sandwiches that Dean had also placed on the tray, because he knew that it was Cas’ favourite. Cas barely mumbled a ‘thank you’ before he began to dig in and eat all the food before it disappeared. Dean laughed in amusement at Cas’ speed but he paid it no attention. He was getting breakfast in bed and it was all his favourite food, who cared what anyone else said.
“Hey, Cas. How long until you’re home?”
Hey, sorry it took so long to write this chapter, but this was a difficult chapter to write and it made me cry.
After spending some time with Claire, and Dean checking up on the other kids, they were finally ready to head out for their date. Dean tried to figure out where they were going by insisting that he would drive, but Cas decided that instead of giving him the location, he’d just give him directions to the location. Stupid Cas and his stupid smart brain.
(See the end of the chapter for
The rest of the class passes in pretty much the same manner. Castiel teases Dean (and his dick) mercilessly, smirking and winking at him, and no matter how much Dean tells himself he won’t look at the student, he can’t keep his eyes away.
A while later, Dean leaves Charlie to decorate the main room, and goes into Ben’s room to wake him up and get him ready for the party. Shaking Ben softly, he whispers,
Dean picks up his keys and right as he’s exiting his place, Charlie calls out to him, “Have fun on your not-a-date, and remember to invite your not-boyfriend and his niece to our Christmas celebrations!”
“Yes, Dean, Dean and Castiel. The ship. The OTP.”
“Well, I am the youngest sibling so I have no idea what you mean, but I’m sure my siblings will agree with you about me being a pain in the ass. I’ve rebelled a lot against my parents. Although anything I have done is at a much smaller level than Lucifer.”
“Yeah yeah, Sammy you sly minx. You go do your thing, I’ll just spend the night here at Cas’. Enjoy your date, bitch.”
DID SOMEONE NOTICE WHAT I DID WITH THEIR MIDDLE NAMES? PLEASE TELL ME YOU DID I LOVE WHAT I DID THERE
Shit. Sam. Sam was coming that day and Dean had completely forgotten about that. Dean had promised to pick him up from the airport and yet here Sam was, cooking in the kitchen, trying to keep Cas away from the stove so as to avoid burning the house down. Sam had just said something that cracked Cas up, his eyes crinkling as he threw his head back and laughed a rare laugh that Dean loved to see on his best friend. Dean smiled as he clapped his much taller but smaller brother on the back.
Long after Charlie and left and everyone was fast asleep, Dean lay awake in bed, beside Cas, thinking about what he had overheard between his friend and his brother. Dean wasn't gay. He knew that for sure. If he was gay, his father would have kicked him out of the house, but he wasn't gay. He loved girls. Sure, he and Cas were good friends but that didn't make him gay for Cas, did it?
Dean didn’t realize he had closed his eyes and moaned VERY loudly when he ate the pie, until Cas cleared his throat beside him.
Cas knocked on his door and came in looking miserable. His clothes were rumpled and his tie was twisted. He was wearing a tan trench coat which looked like it had a sentimental value, along with a work suit. His eyes were red rimmed and puffy as if he had been crying and when he spoke, his voice cracked.
He then joined the man in his office where he finally saw him closely and damn was that guy a Greek God.
” Dean ordered him, as he shut his eyes gainst the onslaught of pleasure. “Oooh yeah, baby, do that again,
SUMMARY: DEAN WAKES UP TO THE SMELL OF BREAKFAST AND THINKS HE CAN GET USED TO IT. THEY BOTH GET READY AND HEAD TO THE HOSPITAL FIRST TO VISIT CLAIRE AND THEN HEAD ON TO THEIR DATE. CAS TAKES DEAN TO AN ARCADE+BAR THING (I READ ABOUT IT IN SOME FANFIC BUT I CAN'T REMEMBER WHICH AND I LOVED THE IDEA) THERRE THEY DRINK AND PLAY ARCADE GAMES AND GET A BIT HANDSY. SOME HOMOPHOBIC DOUCHE PASSES A COMMENT AND DEAN SHOWS HIM HIS PLACE IN A VERY BADASS MANNER AND USES KINDNESS AND THE SUPPORT OF A CROWD TO EMBARRASS THE FUCK OUTTA HIM. DEAN (OBVIOUSLY) THINKS THAT HE NEEDS TO APOLOGIZE TO CAS FOR LETTING HIM RUIN THEIR DATE BUT CAS IS HAVING NONE OF THAT. CAS TELLS HIM THAT IS WASN'T HIS FAULT AND SO HE DOESN'T NEED TO APOLOGIZE. THEY GO TO EAT ICE CREAM SUNDAES AND BE ADORABLE TOGETHER. DEAN DROPS CAS OFF AT HIS PLACE WITH A KISS BECAUSE HE IS A GENTLEMAN LIKE THAT.
And please do comment and leave a kudos if you like this. (Please do even if you don't I love you)
“Yeah I’m here. Sorry, I sort of just zoned out for a bit. I was thinking and got lost in my mind. I-“ Dean began to ramble nonsense when Charlie interrupted him.
Dean moaned and did just that. He pulled off Cas’ panties so roughly that he pretty much ripped them to shreds. Cas produced a bottle of lube out of nowhere and poured some onto Dean’s hand. Dean slathered his cock with the lube and slid into Cas in one smooth motion and wrapped Cas’ legs back around his waist- both men groaning loudly as he bottomed out. Without giving Cas a chance to adjust to his girth, Dean started to slowly thrust his hips, trying to establish a good rhythm and looking for Cas’ prostate.
One kiss turned to two, then three, and by the time they made it to the bathroom ten steps away, they were both hard again.
“Dean, what did you do this time?” the only times Dean asked that was when he had made some sort of mess in the kitchen or broken something.
ALSO, I ALREADY WROTE MORE THAN HALF OF THE NEXT CHAPTER SO THE NEXT CHAPTER WILL BE UP NEXT WEEKEND YAYYY ME!
One of Cas’ hands was tangled in Dean’s hair and the other began a slow journey down his chest. When Cas’ hand reached Dean’s nipple, he gave it a short tug, which caused Dean’s breath to stutter and he moaned out loud and long. Dean felt Cas’ lips stretch into a smile against his neck as he bit down and continued touching him. Dean was panting as Cas‘ hand moved closer to his dick – which was now hard and throbbing in his pants. Right when Dean thought Cas would finally touch him, Cas changed direction and instead ran his hand down the outside of his thigh, towards his knees. Dean let out a sound that he would deny till his dying breath was a whine. Slowly, Cas began to move his hand upwards, on the inside of Dean’s thigh, with a touch to light that it made him squirm. When Cas cupped his erection and pressed downwards, it created a pressure so good that Dean could have come just from that. Breathing deeply through his nose, Dean concentrated instead on driving the car without crashing into a tree.
Suddenly, Cas couldn’t control his laughter and started giggling like a teenage girl. Dean’s bewildered expression surely didn’t help and his giggles turned into huge guffaws, interspersed with ugly snorting. Watching Cas laugh his ass off, Dean also began to smile a bit and soon they both were sitting on the floor, trying to catch their breaths before bursting into a fit of giggles again, over no apparent reason.
Waving a goodbye, the two men separate and head over to their own homes.
Cas did as Dean told him to do until he calmed down from his excitement a bit.
With that the two friends went to their separate rooms to sleep, Dean wishing that their conversation was true, unknown to Cas.
Charlie was apprehensive about their meeting, and rightfully so. She had been pretty much the only person standing at his side, as he destroyed his life after Cas left. She was the only one who had to pick up the pieces of a very broken Dean Winchester, and she didn’t want Cas to have the power to do that to him again. Charlie had been friends with Cas too, but she was the only one who had seen first-hand how Dean had been after the incident and she was willing to do anything to avoid it from happening again.
Fuck.
After a few minutes of making out and grinding against each other, Cas suddenly turned and started walking towards Dean’s room. Dean stood there, breathing hard and marvelling at his body’s ability to get hard again so soon. Well, he was still young. Cas turned around and saw that Dean wasn’t behind him.
This is a Bad Idea, Dean thinks to himself, but finds himself nodding regardless. It is his lunch hour anyway. So he can spare a few minutes to talk to a student.
______________________________________________
“Why? Why would you pay me to let you give me a blowjob?”
Cas pointed towards the drawer, and Dean crawled over to it to take out the stuff. He knew as soon as Dean had opened the drawer because he heard the man gasp at the sound of all the toys he had collected over the years. Cas gulped, nervous about Dean’s reaction to his collection. He needn’t have worried though, because Dean turned to him with a huge grin and said,
So with all the details planned and double checked, all that there was left to do was wait for the day to arrive.
Single father? Hot. Bisexual? Totally works in Dean’s favour. Bitchy ex wife? Dean wasn’t sure if he wanted to give her a piece of his mind for leaving him when he came out or thank her for leaving him possibly single for him. And that voice was the sexiest thing he’d ever heard. Damn.
“Wait- your coffee? This is your place?”
He stayed in his room, lost in thought until he was interrupted by a knock at his door. This confused Castiel to no limit. Balthazar only knocked when there was no one at home, and no one else ever knocked. As he opened the door, he was shocked to see Dean standing in front of him with a shy smile on his face.
“One would think you’d have gotten used to it by now, blondie.” he teases her and looks at the domestic scene in the kitchen.
Castiel stood on the edge of the party, not wanting to disturb anyone or catch anyone’s attention when someone bumped into him from behind, almost tripping him. He turned around and immediately, his breath caught in his throat. Looking at him was no other than Prince Dean himself. Castiel managed to not make a fool out of himself by moaning at the sight of his beauty as he stared into the deep green eyes of the prince. Standing this close to the prince, Castiel could see that not only were his eyes green, they were freckled with golden specks, just like the rest of the prince’s skin.
At one point, Castiel’s fingers started making mindless patterns on Dean’s leg, and that was it. Under the guise of repositioning himself, Dean scooted forward in his seat and spread his legs in invitation, should Castiel choose to accept.
“Well, Hello there. Who do we have here, Sammoose? Isn’t he someone I’d climb like a tree.” Gabe said to Sam with a lewd wink. Sam turned fifty different shades of pink at the flirtations, making Dean and Cas laugh out loud.
“I’m extremely old. I think I’m entitled.” Cas replied with another grin and handed Dean a glass of Orange juice to drink.
God, Dean wished he knew how it was going to go, so that he could stop being so anxious about meeting Cas. Huh. That’s one thing Dean never thought he’d say. Who would have known he’d ever be anxious about meeting his best friend?
The rest of the morning was spent looking after his patients and talking to worried parents, like always. Even though his job was pretty repetitive and monotonous, he loved it and wouldn’t change his line of work for anything. Not even a life long supply of free pie. Around lunch time, Charlie came into his office with a sandwich for him and they chatted a bit about their recent crushes before both of them had to get back to work, Saving Kids, Curing Cancer. The Family Business, as Charlie dubbed it.
Putting on his shoes, Dean went to the kitchen where Cas was bound to be. Dean entered the kitchen but before he could say anything, he stopped dead in his tracks as all the blood in his body rushed to his dick. He had never gotten this hard without a single touch, but here he was, looking at his husband, and hard as a rock. Cas
Exhausted, Cas fell over Dean, both of them sweaty and breathing hard, dirty with the come that had spilled over Dean. Blindly, Dean looked for something, anything, to clean them up. The first thing that he grabbed were his panties, so he used them to wipe off the come and lube. He tied up the condom and threw it somewhere vaguely on the floor. Both of them fell asleep in each other’s arms.
Dean falls onto the table with a ‘oof’ and let’s Castiel do all the work as he cleans them up and straightens their clothes.
– my name is Cas. Just so you know what to –
“You want this? You want my cock, filling you up?” he asked. When Dean nodded, he said, “Ask nicely. Ask me nicely and I’ll give it to you.”
Just as he was about to ask her what was wrong she let out a loud sound, closely representing a high pitched screech and slapped him on the arm as she hugged him, all the while still screeching. Dean was sure he’d go deaf. Any second now. Yep there is was, he was sure he was losing his hearing now.
“Gem, Hey. Dean, this is my girlfriend, Gem. Gem, this is Dean.” Sammy introduced them.
Desperate for a touch, Dean leaned forward and wrapped his hand around Cas’ dick – his fingers just closing around it – and jerked him a couple of times. Cas let out a ragged moan but stepped away.
After taking a quick shower and brushing his teeth, Dean looked at the clock on his phone and realized that it was already 6.55. He didn’t have nearly enough time to shave before Cas was due to show up – he hadn’t even decided what he was going to wear. Cas said they were going out for drinks, did that mean he could wear a Jeans and a Tee shirt of one of his bands? Or was that a bit too informal for drinks? Should he wear a button down instead?
“Hello Doctor. Is Claire – is she going to be alright?”
At this point, Dean knew he was babbling, and most of what he said probably didn’t even make sense. Dean was looking down at his hands and missed the look on Cas’ face. He did, however, feel the shift in the couch as Cas shifted towards him.
HAPPY READING :)
Sam sputtered, knowing he had been caught and mumbled something on the lines of  you don’t get to scold me for hiding anything because you’re hiding too.
"Around three years?" Dean replies, glancing at Cas to see his reaction to this, but the asshole is busy laughing at the whole interaction.
Feeling a bit better, Dean slid into the driver’s seat of the Impala and turned it on. Damn, it felt good to hear her rumble after so long. Ever since The Incident, he hadn’t really been in the right headspace and never could bring himself to drive the car. Smiling to himself, he turned up the volume as Kashmir began to play. All hail Led Zeppelin.
With a small, chaste peck to his lips, Cas went back behind Dean, pulled his cheeks apart, and thrust his tongue right into Dean’s hole along with his fingers. In no time, Dean’s dick came back to life and he was eagerly thrusting back towards Cas’ mouth, moaning like a porn star.
Dean’s new apartment is a step down from his previous, but he can afford it easily and he doesn’t have to live on Ramen Noodles for a month like he’s a college student. The place is fine, even if the neighbours are little bit wacky. He swears his upstairs neighbour’s favourite hobbies include strangling small pets by the sound of it and the elderly neighbour across from him keeps trying to grab Sam’s ass when he visits (which is a sure sign that she’s senile because looks who she’s living across from). The first night he could barely sleep and he’s beginning to depend on whiskey-induced slumber.
Just as he was falling asleep, Dean knew that his neck and shoulders would hate him in the morning, but that night, curled up on the couch, Dean slept better than he mostly slept, even though the couch was an uncomfortable piece of crap.
“No he does not have a husband. I’m the brother Winchester not the husband Winchester.”
“Hello, I’m Ellen, the owner of this fine establishment. Now, I practically brought up this guy so don’t you let him give you any trouble.” With that, she ruffled Cas’ hair even more and left to go back inside, leaving behind a grumpy looking Cas because his hair was even more messed up than usual.
- for his son.
Cas was currently in surgery. He had sustained some serious head injuries and would take some time to recover, even if the surgery went smoothly.
Soon, however, when Cas slipped his tongue into Dean’s mouth, those thoughts went out of the window. Cas kissed Dean with a desperation that had been locked up in a corner of his mind for too long, and Dean returned the kisses with equal passion. Dean laid back and pulled Cas on top of him, never once breaking their kiss. He cupped Cas’ neck with one hand while the other hand explored his body. His breath stuttered when Cas began to grind their hips together. Summoning all the willpower he had, Dean held Cas’ hips tight, bringing them to a stop.
“It’s can we HAVE, Ben, and because you asked so nicely, yes we can. Go ask uncle Sammy to help you bring them out.”
CAS: Happy birthday, Dean. :)
Cas was going to come soon if Dean didn’t stop. He pulled Dean back up and kissed him deeply, tasting the slight taste of his own pre-come in Dean’s mouth.
Dean had been expecting Gabe to be pissed, but what he hadn’t been expecting was him to wrap his arms around Dean’s middle in sort of a hug.
“Yeah I know, Cas told me. Blondie it is. Here’s the deal. I hate your guts but Cas is my best friend and he clearly doesn’t, so I’ll pretend to be civil with you, but if you so much as even think about hurting Cas, I will become your worst nightmare. I might not look like much but I will hunt you down and make sure no one hears from you again. And I have absolutely no problems with going to jail for dealing with someone who hurts Cas. Are we clear?”
After defeating Chuck, Cas had been depressed for a while. He was now permanently human and his father had turned out to be a dick. Dean understood that. He was there for his friend as he healed from the aftermath of it all and somewhere along the line, they had admitted their feelings for each other. Apparently Cas had been in love with him for years. Who’d have guessed? All through this, Cas decided to train with Dean so that he could hunt too, and soon the two of them became well known in the supernatural world as the duo no one could defeat. Monsters were scared of them and hunters wished they were them. It was a much simpler time.
Dean cut him off and replied, “Of course, I want to go out with you, Cas. I’d love to go out with you tomorrow.”
“You first, Cas.” Cas nodded.
Asa Fox was a six year old boy with a stubborn tumour in his heart that refused to go away. Since Asa’s family had a history of heart problems, it was not unexpected for Asa to show signs of a heart disease. What was surprising was that the problems began to show up just before Asa’s fourth birthday. Even with a prior family history, it was uncommon for heart problems to manifest in a person so young, so the Fox family had taken Asa to the doctor who looked after Mr. Fox regarding his heart problems as well. Upon finding several anomalies in the test results, his doctor had recommended them to Dean. It took Dean a very small amount of scans to come to the conclusion that there was a tumour in his heart that, because of Asa’s young age, wouldn’t be able to be operated on. So Dean relied on Chemotherapy and Radiotherapy and hoped that the tumour would go away. It all did seem to be working until tonight when Jess called him.
It took Dean a few seconds to start thinking from his upstairs brain and comprehend what Cas meant. Date. Balthazar. Clothes. That was all that his brain finally registered.
HAPPY READING, AND HAPPY EASTER TO THOSE WHO CELEBRATE :D
By the time Dean reached the hospital, everything was a quiet chaos. Quiet because everyone wanted to make sure none of the other kids woke up and chaos because there was not a single adult on the floor who wasn’t moving around to help.
“I wish you could have seen how he wasn’t really good for you. He clearly didn’t love you. Not the same way I do. Heh. You know that I love you, right? And not just as a friend either. I love you way more than that. I love you in the way that I want to be your boyfriend. I want to cuddle you with each night and wake up cocooned in your arms. I want to be able to kiss you whenever I feel like it, instead of having to turn away. Now that I’ve said this, I'm wondering why I've waited so long. Looking back I realize it was always there, just never spoken. I can’t go back to not loving you, Cas. I can’t go back to being just friends with you. It hurts so much to see you with assholes like him who don’t care about you, when I’m here, waiting for you to love me back. I-“
“That’s Doctor to you.” Jess piped up with a grin.
“Dean Winchester, you are going to go home and take the rest of the day off. Jess told me what happened and there is no way I’m letting you work any longer today.”
“I’d love that.” Castiel smiled widely, showing his gums. Dean wondered if there was anything that man could do that wouldn’t be so endearing and hot at the same time.
Jo spends the rest of the afternoon randomly hugging him and Cas, and telling them how proud she feels. Normally, Dean would shy away from the 'chick flick moment', but the giddy feeling in his chest at the way Cas looks at him, and openly kisses him, makes it worth it.
‘Just fucking great!’ Dean thought to himself as he got up to find a new pair of underwear to put on and put the soiled ones in the laundry.
Once he was fed and felt better, Dean took a shower and went to the hospital for his shift. When he got there he was immediately cornered by Charlie and Jess.
Contemplating Dean’s gifts aside, it was Cas’ birthday in less than 24 hours and he was just getting home from a date with Balthazar when Dean called him.
The Harvelle's Roadhouse (or just 'Roadhouse' to the locals) is owned by Jo's mom, which is the only reason Dean and his gang are allowed there despite being underage. So naturally, Dean, Jo (Dean's sister, not by blood), Sammy (Dean's little brother, by blood), Cas (Dean's best friend who has known he is gay since he was 8 years old), and two of their not-so-close-but-still-good-friends, Ash, and Benny, always head over there right after school, to talk and goof around as they tackle their respective homeworks.
“Seriously Dean? You never realized you’ve been in love with your best friend for years? That’s why Gabe and Charlie and I tease you guys so much. You two are so in love with each other that even a blind person would think you’re together but neither of you ever realize it.”
“It’s gorgeous. I love it.” Dean said, kissing Cas gently.
“Welcome to my apartment.” Cas blushed. “It’s not much, but it’s mine.”
“Dean, I didn’t know you were sexually attracted to food too.”
By the time Cas was done speaking, their food was almost finished and Dean was in tears, thinking about what all his friend had gone through over the past two months. Damn, and here he thought he had it rough. Cas was openly crying too and it made Dean’s heart clench to think that Cas thought that there was any way Dean wouldn’t forgive him. No matter what Cas would have had said, Dean would have forgiven him. No questions asked, unconditionally.
Cutting right to the chase, Dean and Cas head over to the toy store where Cas helps Dean pick out things for Ben. It should be weird that a guy who’s basically a stranger is helping him pick out things for his kid, but it feels like the most natural thing ever. Dean goes way over budget but he doesn’t have it in himself to put some of the toys back when he thinks about how happy they’ll make Ben. He would do anything to keep a smile on his son’s face, and judging by the expression on Cas’ face, he understands the sentiment.
By the time he was done and had taken a shower, Balth was there to pick him up and take him to wherever he had planned to take him. After a brief goodbye to Dean, they left and spent the day together. Balth took him to a lake and had arranged a picnic for them with all the food that Cas liked along with a bottle of wine. They laughed over the fact that this was probably the only time someone ate sandwiches with wine and just lay there in each other’s arms, talking about everything and nothing. It was a very romantic day but Cas was yet to see why he was told to dress fancy-ish but he didn’t want to ask, fearing that he would burst the small bubble they were floating in. soon, they were both falling asleep, right there on the picnic blanket that Bath had set up, and it was a very peaceful sleep.
Dean lets out a sigh of relief as the hour comes to an end, and the students start packing up their stuff.
Okay so guys, I just started this chapter an hour or so ago, because I totally got lost in studies and forgot to write. So please let me know if there's something wrong with the chapter (aside from the shitty quality) or if there are some mistakes I need to correct. Thank you a lot.
Dean grins at Cas’ reply, and they stand there staring at each other for a few moments, standing way too close to each other than would be appropriate for friends. Right when he’s sure Cas is about to lean in to kiss him, his phone chimes with a message from Charlie telling him to drag his ass back home ASAP and bring some of Ben’s favorite yoghurt from the grocery store. Dean groans at their second almost kiss and smiles at Cas apologetically.
Dean whined but did as he was told. He pulled Cas forward, laying him down on the bed, and ate his husband out like a man starving. And boy was he starving. It had been too long since he had gotten to do this, and the sounds that Cas was making were going straight to his cock, making it twitch wildly against nothing. Cas carded his hand through dean’s hair and pushed his head harder against his ass, basically fucking his hole with Dean’s mouth. Dean had wrapped his arms around Cas’ thighs and could feel the heels digging into his back. Too soon and not soon enough, Cas pulled him back and leaned forward to kiss him, moaning at the taste of himself in Dean’s mouth.
“Jerk.”
Dean had no idea who moved first, but the next thing he knew was their lips crashing together in a kiss that was fuelled with desire.
“Oh yeah?” Cas asked. His voice was somehow even deeper than before and it caused Dean’s dick to twitch wildly, and a shiver to run through his body. Fuck- Castiel’s voice was so fucking sexy, he could be reading a grocery list and Dean would still get off.
Cas probably already knew it was going to be bad news when Dean called him to meet without Claire, but Dean still arranged for a cup of tea to be delivered in his room when Cas came. From experience Dean knew that tea usually helped parents calm down and think rationally in these stressful situations.
Cas straddled his thighs and wrapped his arms around Dean’s neck while Dean let his arms roam around Cas legs, thighs and ass. After kissing like that for a few minutes, Cas ground against him, making their erections to come into contact, reminding him of what they were going to do. Suddenly there was an urgent tension in the air. They both clawed at the other’s clothes, practically ripping them off their bodies, until they were both there only in their boxers.
“He seemed a bit nervous,” Jo suggests weakly, although there’s still a smirk on her face.
“You keep an eye on him. He may be mad at you, but that doesn’t mean he won’t forgive you.”
“Dean, I do believe I just saw one of our lobsters go behind the refrigerator.”
“Yeah, he said something about you being a whiny bitch and that you weren’t allowed back at work until you’ve cheered up. I never thought I hear Bobby saying he wanted someone perky working at the office but there you go.”
“Yeah, it is,” Dean beams, stepping closer to Castiel, making them look intimate but with enough distance that there is no chance of them touching.
“Don’t think so. Apparently, she works with Sam and she’s high-strung and nervous,” Dean says, taking a sip of his beer.
dead for that matter was road kill he had seen on the side of the road), he knew that someone who is alive isn’t
Does it mean Cas is above sexual identities or does it mean he doesn’t care about what humans decide to label their sex lives. Not that he really has time to process it, what with Cas being God and all.
It’s amazing that Dean can strike Castiel without making contact and still hurt him. Dean’s right; Castiel is a freak. He’s an abomination against nature, and Castiel has struggled with this fact since the discovery of his ability, but he had always wanted to believe that there was a reason why he was given this curse- that maybe there could have been some divine purpose. But of course Dean is right; Castiel is just a freak, pretending to be…
“I’d like to see you try.”
“I think I should leave Jess,” he states slowly as he looks Castiel straight in the eye. Dean had reacted unfavourable to the idea, but Castiel was more open minded in these matters and Cas’s opinion would really help Sam make that final decision.
“He was a total ass-butt,” Cas agrees, a small smile slipping onto his face. “Too bad he’s a genius. Plus, he opened me up sexually.”
He walks over to the sink and grabs Castiel a glass of water. “The waters a little brown,” he tells Cas as he hands the glass to him.
“How long?”
to die.”
“Becky, do you not have some pies to serve?” Castiel asks roughly. Gabriel is still staring at Castiel with a small knowing smirk on his face. Castiel has seen that smirk many of times; usually when he’s about to get a large amount of blame placed on him.
“Huh, you’d think so,” Dean says lowly.
. Not in Hell. Doesn’t feel real.” Dean looks up now with a wide smile on his face. “Well, time to find Bobby,” he says, getting off the bed.
Dean’s Sundays are spent as such: waking up at 6:00 am, making pancakes for Emma (which they then eat in front of the TV watching cartoons), helping her pack, driving her back to Lydia’s and returning to his empty apartment. This routine breaks his heart every time, but it’s not like he can change it. Lydia has custody and Dean’s life is presently not suited to take care of a child full time, which is shame because Emma’s growing up without him, and quickly at that. Plus every time Dean drops off Lydia, they fight because they’re the sort of parents who snipe at each other when they’re in the same room together and it sucks that Emma has to be raised in that environment.
“So where are we headed?”
. Cas is free for the taking for all I know. Is that really why you’ve been ignoring Cas?”
“With what?” Sam cries out. “You’ve been sitting at home watching that stupid doctor show and Mexican telanovelas for the last three weeks. The only people you see are me and Bobby and the only reason you see Bobby is because he’s your boss!”
He tells his dad that he got jumped after cheating in a game of pool.
“Hello, we do not have a great deal of time. You are dead and he-” Castiel points to Gabriel who gives a little wave, “needs to know who killed you,” he rushes out. “Do you know what happened to you?” he adds gently.
“There’s no way it would run that long,” Dean scoffs. Crowley eyes him oddly before he turns to Bobby. Dean stands next to them as they talk, but he misses the entire conversation as he’s lost in thought and these thoughts were mainly about Castiel and Crowley together. He wouldn’t say he was seething in jealousy at the notion of Crowley seeing Cas naked, but he was certainly getting a little hot around the collar and the room suddenly felt incredible small. Finally Crowley leaves and Bobby turns to Dean with a big grin on his face- usually a sign for Dean to be worried.
He half expected Dean to wait until Castiel was asleep and sneak out, and is surprised to find him still in the living room. Dean’s shaking though, his blankets are on the floor. He’s muttering to himself, and Castiel can’t make out what he’s saying, but there’s panic evident on Dean’s face and all Castiel wants to do is shake him awake.
“So what have you done about it?” Sam asked Castiel one day when they were alone and were sorting through various amounts of papers in one of the archives. Sam sits on the floor as Castiel stands above him, going through the files on the shelves. Castiel frowns at Sam as he passes him another folder.
Castiel eyes the weapon warily. “No, of course not.”
“What am I, your slave?” Bobby mutters.
Sam coughs. “Um… I’ll just go grab some lunch since you’re awake,” he quickly says, hurrying out of the room.
It probably said a great deal about how much sexual tension there was between Dean and Cas that Sam
“Hey, don’t do that. It’s Sam who’s the problem, not you. Hell, I’ve tried talking to him and he won’t listen. And I’m his big brother! He’s supposed to listen to me! Anyways, these sorts of relationship are always bad. It confirms your worst feelings that you don’t deserve happiness,” Dean yells to Cas as he searches his bathroom.
“Hey, that’s no hair off of my back. I’ve got a hot date waiting for me and that’s way better than going on a road trip with Romeo and Juliet.” Castiel scowls at Gabriel, who ignores him. “So where’s baby bro located?”
“You’re still in school,” Castiel says with disapproval. “You’re younger than I thought.” As Castiel turns to look at Sam, Dean catches Jo’s eye and she looks like she’s trying to hold in a laugh.
Dean nods and they move to the living room. Sam falls asleep first, leaving Dean with the image an overgrown moose that doesn’t quite fit on the couch before Dean too falls asleep.
He is thinking about the corpse when Becky, the only waitress who works here (a mistake entirely on Gabriel’s part that Castiel had too much heart to fix), rushes to the TV set they keep in the back room.
thought this one through. You’re right, not all plans can be fool-proof.”
is doing this on the back of his neck. He feels sick.
Yes, he did, because it was kind of fucking obvious.
- to collect the body. Castiel knows he’s being stupid, but one look at Dean and he also knows that he’s done the right thing. Whatever Dean did, supposed serial killing aside, there must be a reason that Castiel has found him again after all those years. Castiel has faith in that.
“Yeah, it’s been the best part of the gallery,” Dean agrees, thinking he has enough knowledge of it to hold a proper conversation.
“Oh, that’s nice, I’ve got a niece up there, you heard of her?” The man and Dean begin talking about the area and who Dean might know. Castiel watching them talk with a smile.
“Park, Papa,” she cries out as he lifts her from her booster seat.
“It’s fine,” Castiel reassures Dean. “I’m use to the attention that Waffles tracks.”
Dean arrives back, slurring his words, dropping his coat on the floor, probably aiming for the stool next to him, and plops himself next to Cas. Castiel tries to hide a smile.
“Looks like it.”
is. But she’s a girl, Dean! I met her when I took Riot to the vet. She’s a veterinarian- Amelia Richardson.”
“So how did you meet Sam?” Dean says, breaking the silence.
“What do you get out this?” he finally asks. “You let me live, let me run around trying to find my stupid brother, let me go all Batman on my killers, let me run off with some stranger for the night, and all you do is follow.” Dean drops his hands to the table, pushing the beer bottle aside. “Cas, what are you really getting out of this? And don’t say closure or that you’re just doing penance.”
“Nope. Like I said, they haven’t been here for a couple of week. Kind suspect they’ve left town.”
“Just answer the damn question,” he snaps, raising the flask of holy water.
Dean’s not really sure what’s going on with Cas. Sure, he’s living with them and all that, but is that what Cas really wants? Is he just staying here because of some misplaced loyalty to the brothers? Because he has nowhere else to go?
“You know Sam’s having an affair right?” Dean confesses because he could never hold his own against the Harvelle women. Jo doesn’t even have the decency to look shocked by this. She just nods.
“What a creep,” Dean says angrily to Jo as they enter the Roadhouse for her next shift. “Could you believe him?”
With Sam gone, Castiel moves his chair closer to the bed. He leans in and gives Dean a peck on the lips. Dean returns it greedily, biting gently at Castiel’s lips. He’s been waiting for so long to do that. Castiel pulls away, a smile wide upon his face, looking slightly flushed.
“Dean,” Sam warns. “Just leave it alone.”
“Cas, I know I’ve said this before, but I’m really sorry for ignoring you. If you would just let me explain.”
Dean sighs, it’s like talking with a child. “Sam and you.”
Castiel hangs up, leaving Dean to listen to the dial tone.
Castiel’s back stiffens even more, if that’s possible. “Yes, although at the time, I worked for my half-brother. He’s the Milton of Milton and Crowley.”
“Thanks, Cas,” Dean laughs.
Sam gets up and shifts through his pocket for the keys. Castiel and Dean stand awkwardly next to each other. Honestly, would those two ever get a hint?
But before there was nothing there had been pain- pain and blood- followed by the sound of howling, of constant screaming and the feeling of his skin being torn from his body. There had been the cruel feel of steel upon his torso, the hacking of limbs before he was rebuilt- not anew but from his twisted guts and sinew, until, like Frankenstein’s monster, he was alive but not whole.
“Gabriel,” he says weakly.
“What do you mean, Gabriel?”
“I’ve saved your ass, that’s for sure. Kali has promised me that the Dean Winchester case has been closed- for good- unless he gets caught, you know, murdering someone. Thanks to typical bureaucratic incompetence, the Feds haven’t heard that his body is missing. One agent is dead though- some Victor guy who was guarding the morgue, so they’re busy with that. Kali is sending some thugs to keep the Turner dude silent, and I guess we have a dead man walking to take care of. I say you go touch the guy and we can just slip him back in the morgue. Everything back to normal. Or as normal as we’re going to get with you.”
“Sam, I have refrained from commenting about how I really feel about you and Amelia because I do not want your feelings hurt, but if you insist on continuing this affair without considering the consequences of your actions upon the people in your life, I’m afraid I have to end our friendship as I can longer support you. Amelia is a nice woman, but Jess is everything good that you need in your life. She was your motivation for law school and she helped support you. You need to realize that you cannot continue to cheat on her and expect that she will never find out.”
“He sounds like a stubborn bastard. It’s best to get over those types of guys and move on.”
He’s on the sixth or seventh episode in a row when Dean returns, this time with fresh coffee and a bag of fast food that has grease seeping through the paper. It looks disgusting, but his stomach grumbles anyway and Dean grins as he places it on the dinky table.
“You,” he pointedly tells Dean. Dean looks up with surprise.
He can’t breathe and he can feel the panic growing within him. He takes a deep breath, and lifts the cover.
Castiel can feel his throat constricting. “I lied when I said that there were no consequences.” He hears Gabriel mutter out a “no shit” behind him. “When I raise someone from the dead it can only be for a minute. Any longer, and someone else will die in their place. I had planned on tapping you after I told you what I needed to, but I lost track of time- it was too late.”
“I think you should stop lying to her. Like I said, she deserves better than that.”
“Sorry what?”
“Dean,” Castiel says, moving towards him. “You understand that if I could, I would take everything back. I would have done anything if it meant your mother could have survived.”
“Boyfriend,” Castiel replies slightly forced.
“It seemed kind of obvious. Is he dating another Ruby?”
“It seemed like it would be a pleasant day,” Castiel apologizes, as if he’s personally responsible for the weather. Cas pulls Dean into the closest building that’s opened to the public and maybe Cas did plan it, because it’s a museum and Cas looks more delighted to be cooped up in here than outside. “Lucky for us, the museum is open today.”
“Now that,” Castiel interrupts, “to me was brilliant. Absolutely brilliant. It was textural and it had this negative capability. Everything else in here is bullshit.”
“Dean has what we call a fetish for Westerns,” Sam explains.
“God, I don’t want to say love because that makes me sound like a sixteen year old girl, but if I had to put a name to these feelings, I guess
Dean turns to Gabriel. “Beat it, douche-wad.”
“I was
Dean chokes on the imagery. “Thanks for the over-share, Cas.”
“Are you sure he’s ignoring you? Dean sometimes comes off as hostile.”
“So, you figured out what killed her?” he asks, looking even more suspiciously at the two of them than before.
“Yeah, well, it’s best to let your brother live his own life and you live yours,” Bobby mumbles as he picks at his salad.
“I’m worried about Sam,” Castiel announces as they stand in front of Jupiter, the reds and oranges of the planet washing over their faces. Dean nods to say he’s heard Cas, but he doesn’t want talk about Sam. He doesn’t really want to hear about Cas’s and Sam’s relationship anymore. He can tell Castiel wants to talk, that he’s burning to speak.
“Oh… okay,” Castiel says, looking down at his feet. This action pushes Dean in the guts, and he feels guilty, like he should apologize. Instead, he just mutters that he has to go and leaves.
“My brother was suppose to pick me up, but he was the tendency to be… unreliable at times.”
“You know how to use one of these?” he asks, holding out his Taurus for Cas to use.
Bobby comes down with a determined look on his face like they’re going to have little heart to heart, which should be exceptionally awkward. Dean ignores Bobby sitting down next to him, randomly opening up an old leather-bound book that looks like it has blood on it.
“Yeah, I do that,” Gabriel says with a weak laugh, looking slightly green.
“If you think that’s for the best,” Castiel mumbles, but he looks anything but happy at the idea. Castiel doesn’t even look surprised; apparently Sam’s been more than obvious about his intentions to end his marriage.
“And if she doesn’t?”
“What the hell,” the young woman cries. “Who are you?”
cheated on her. I honestly don’t know what I was thinking,” he tells Dean as they move to Sam’s kitchen. “Actually, she reacted better than I thought. She told me she just needed space right now, time to think. I had to give her that.”
At this, they lower their voices and Dean has to move closer to the door to hear anything.
“I guess I’ll just have to gank the bitch.” Dean says as he begins to pack, shoving his and Castiel’s thing into a duffle bag.
Quicker than Castiel cares, the gradual changes become more and more pronounce. Now Dean’s entirely grey, he walks at a slower pace, and years of shooting guns has left him completely deaf in one ear. His knees hurt him so badly that there are days he waste entirely on the couch watching re-runs of
“You’ve been tracking some cult for the last decade?” Castiel asks.
If there is anything more nerve-wracking than the dial tone of a call you don’t want to make, Dean has yet to face it. He’s over thirty and right now his heart is beating so hard he can barely think. After a lot of thinking (and a little bit of whiskey) Dean decided that it was best to take Bobby’s advice. Sadly, it had taken him over half an hour to man up and call the guy without hanging up before the phone even dialled out. Finally the ringing stops and there’s a moment of painful silence before he hears the gruff voice of Cas.
“What do you do?” Castiel asks politely.
“You really think that Dean? I think you’ll find that there is a vast difference between our personalities. You’re a piss-poor replacement for me,” Sam laughs.
“I’ve been waiting for this for a very long time,” he tells the girl.
Or at least he
“Sorry, but you’re just going to slow me down. I’ll be back when I find Sammy.”
“Man, I would have a thought in your case it would have been a Great Dane,” Dean jokes, thankful when he hears Castiel’s low chuckle. Cas’s eyes warm with this action and for a second, Dean understands what Sam sees in him.
Castiel lets out a small chuckle.  “What’s that?” he scowls as he blows his nose. Dean’s upstairs neighbour was just beginning his daily ritual of pet sacrifice- or at least that what it sounds like to Dean.
“So you guys are together?”
“No one is going to recognize me,” Dean assures. “Anyways, I’m dead, remember?”
But then, he gets his answer.
“Yeah,” a gruff voice comes from behind him. “Shouldn’t I?”
His shoulder is burning.
“Um… two years now,” Dean says sheepishly.
By the time Castiel exits the bathroom, Dean has left the diner and is leaning against the Impala waiting for him. His face is still burning (more so when he thinks back to what he was just doing), but Dean doesn’t comment, just grins at him before opening the car door.
Beside him, Balthazar lets out a low whistle. Dean shoots Castiel look that hopefully says, “I’m going to kill you and hide your body so that you’re never found” and Castiel returns the glare with a “I don’t understand you” stare.
“It’s the place,” Dean sighs. “It’s where those demons are hiding. Ruby’s leading him right to those sons of bitches.”
“So, you’re going to be arrested again?” Dean asks, taking a sip of his beer. “Do I need to bail you out?”
“I know.” Fuck, does Dean know that.
“Good, let’s go, Castiel,” Gabriel says, turning to Castiel.
“And that would interest me because?”
The door opens behind them and Rufus Turner enters.
“Because I’m still in love with you
“Dean, we had a deal-”
“I certainly did not anticipate that when I decided to take you for a walk,” Castiel tells Waffles.
“Been tracking them since I was fourteen. I know it’s them.”
“Hey, I’m meeting up with Jo later at the Roadhouse for drinks. Do you want to join us?” It’s Dean’s cure-all for messy break-ups- the drink until you can’t feel method.
Dean nods, moving to the driver’s door. “Yeah, me too. Let’s go.”
Bobby turns to Castiel. “Novak? You mean the first boy that you kissed?”
“Do you want to take a walk by the river?” Castiel suddenly asks. He places his dog onto the ground.
Dean loves his brother, he really does, but sometimes Sam is a pain in his ass. The thing about Sammy is that he was all about talking about emotions and feelings. It was important to him to share and talk- although Dean’s not sure where Sam learned this from because both himself and his father were not known for their emotional openness. Fortunately for Dean, Sam’s been too wrapped up in his own problems to worry about Dean and Dean’s emotional well-being. The last couple of months have been peaceful in that respect. So it had taken him by surprise when Sam called him up and asked if they wanted to meet up for drinks. If anything, that should have been the first clue.
“I don’t… I don’t know,” he stutters.
“Oh, thanks for that.”
The only greeting they get from Bobby is a frown when they return. Dean knows that Bobby is never really going to trust Castiel, but it surprises him when he sees that from the corner of his eye, Bobby is looking at him with his frown deepening.
“Yeah, and why is that?”
Maybe it’s the alcohol (it’s probably that), maybe it’s because David makes him feel good about what he does, makes it worth it, and maybe it’s because he’s kind of adorable, geeking out like this, Dean leans forwards and kisses him.
“Dean,” Castiel says softly.
“I’ll figure something out,” Dean sighs. “Bobby loves it, and it’s Bobby’s word that’s final. I just don’t know how we’re going to do at the Release Party without mentioning angels, but I’ll swing it somehow.”
“Um… not that I know of. Why?”
Castiel tries to put the events of the day out of his mind, but he keeps seeing Mary on the ground, keeps hearing Dean screaming and Sam crying. Despite his unease, he must have dozed off because he wakes to see his mother taking
“Listen to this, Bobby,” Sam states gleefully, “Soon, I discovered that this classic butch figure was nothing but a façade- one created to hide a little boy with daddy issues and a fear of showing off true emotions. Every thought said out loud had to be a punch line to hide the insecurity and low self-esteem this man had. Despite his attempts at uber-masculinity, it was painfully obvious that he was overcompensating for his homosexual urges, which he had been forced to deny since adolescences. He was never good at hiding his inner homosexuality, as it was evident just from observing his face when he watched his favourite show
“What’s it to you?” she hisses, her eyes flickering back. She’s going to be bitch to deal with, Dean can tell.
“You know I’m not the only dick here. Jess doesn’t deserve to be treated this way. I mean, you’re married Sam! You said the vows and you should stick with them. If not, get a divorce and stop dragging her through your shit. Tell her.”
“Here, have it,” Dean says, tossing it over. “Was going to trash it tomorrow anyway.”
“HG Wells, Kurt Vonnegut, and Christopher Nolan,” Castiel adds.
Dean pretends that last line wasn’t directed at him too.
This… this had to be a dream- an annoying fantasy before he was deemed “human” enough to gain conscious and endure Hell all over again.
Instead, he deletes Cas’s messages.
“You’re the best,” Dean says, pressing a kiss to Jo’s forehead.
Sammy, on the other hand, is two years younger than Castiel and there is a maturity gap between them that neither can help. Castiel has always been what others would consider “mature” for his age, and Sammy with his baby-fat and passion for action-figures seemed too young to him.
Gabriel moves to the walk-in fridge and begins what appears to be a very animated conversation. Castiel looks in on Dean and sees him happily eating pie. Letting out a sigh of relief, he looks over to see Gabriel leaving the fridge. Gabriel lets out a grin as he closes his phone.
This stops Dean cold. He remembers Castiel Novak- the dark haired awkward little dude who lived across the street. Sure the guy in front of him still has the same hair colour, same blue eyes (the last time he had seen them they had been red from crying), but there’s no way that this guy is Cas Novak.
“You’re welcome to join. Just you know… don’t steal my game.”
The Dean that is now looking at him is nothing like the corpse Castiel was just staring at. The only sign that he was once dead is a welting mark on his shoulder. Without the scars, with a face that is actually together, Castiel instantly recognizes his former neighbour. Dean has certainly fulfilled that promise of turning into a handsome man. With a facial structure that could make mathematicians and artists weep and clear green eyes, he looks nothing like that of a suspected serial killer. And Castiel is almost certain he is not.
“Ta-da!” Gabriel grins, but he pales when he sees the body. “Oh hell no,” he mutters.
“I mean, if I don’t get my four hours, I’m a basket case,” Dean chuckles, holding the door for Cas. “Hey, don’t you sleep?”
“I can’t touch the dude, that’s part of the magic spell or something. One touch from him and I’m back sleeping with the fishes.”
“Good,” Dean nods, taking another swig from his bottle. “You should call that Gabriel dude, let him know I’ll help with his case. But I don’t want to talk with him tonight.”
“That man will be making us plenty of money, and don’t you forget it.”
“Chuck? I mean, really? Is he the best you’ve got? You shouldn’t be taken the advice of anyone who calls you up at 4 am to weep in the telephone.”
“Obviously. If I had known that I would be with him, not with you hustling pool. When did this happen?”
“Well, there’s something we can agree on” Gabriel says lowly. Dean glances over at him, giving him a scathing look.
“It was random circumstance.”
“How will Kali help you?”
“I will need more information than that to give you a clear answer, Sam.”
Bobby rolls his eyes, signalling to a pile of books sitting on the kitchen table. “Yeah, I’ve gotta few methods. You sure about this?”
“And you know this how?” Gabriel asks, stuffing another fork full of French toast into his mouth. Castiel grimaces.
“No, no. I wasn’t talking about that. It seems
The body doesn’t look like it could have been a random attack by a dog- it seems more likely a bear- or something larger. The body is torn, limb from limb and completely mauled, and there are slashes across the body that are larger than any dog could make.
“How about next week?” Castiel offers.
Lately, Sam has been distant. Their after-work meet-ups have been cancelled for the most part and they rarely spend lunch together. Sam had come to him a month ago, asking his opinion about Sam’s love life and Castiel had made it known (in so many words) that he had disapproved of it and Castiel suspects that this is mainly Sam’s reason for avoiding him. Although Sam is a good man, he does have faults and one of them is his extramarital affairs, which are apparently well known within the office. Before Castiel had moved offices, it was rumoured that Sam had been arrested for drunk driving with a woman named Ruby and previous he had had a passionate affair with an assistant named Madison. The office didn’t care as long as it didn’t interfere with Sam’s work, but Castiel had felt that Sam’s current lover was interfering more with his peace of mind more than the previous ones had. He had met Amelia Richardson and, despite the fact that she was smart and pretty, Castiel couldn’t see why Sam would chose her over his wife, especially since Amelia was a nervous secretive woman who was constantly keeping Sam on edge and at a distance.
“Unless he’s hiding a wad of cash up his ass, he’s of no interest to me.” Gabriel moves past the bodies, heading for the door. Castiel should follow, but there’s something familiar about the dead man- something he can’t place. He turns to Gabriel with a pleading look that they ask about the body.
“I don’t really know what to do,” Dean confesses, feeling more vulnerable than he should in a dinner jacket and with a glass of wine in his hands. He feels out of place- usually his discussions of feelings (if they occur at all) happen in smoky bars, partially drunk on whiskey or beer.
personality has its benefits and is one of the reasons how Castiel got his shop at such a good location and at a decent renting price. It’s also how Castiel is able to get into the city morgue after hours.
“You’re being rather morbid for this early in the morning.”
“I don’t see a problem, we just need to follow them in.”
Three days later, Dean finds himself behind a bleacher, sucking the cock of one of the jocks who trashed Thomas’ books in the first place.
For once Gabriel says nothing. He leans on the counter, letting out a sigh, pulling out his phone. “Cassie boy, you owe me.”
Castiel knows that this is not a victory by any means, but he steps aside, careful to avoid any contact with Dean and moves to other side of the car. Dean gets in, muttering to himself as he turns on the engine.
“No, that’s not it.”
“I came here to talk about you, not about my love life.”
When Castiel had hit puberty, he had expected acne, hair growth and his voice to crack, not the ability to bring people back from the dead. And while it sounded all great and mighty to have this ability (“you’re a god!” Gabriel had cried out when he’s discovered Castiel could do this, “a god!”), Castiel had quickly found out that he didn’t really have complete control over human life. He could only raise the dead for a minute before natural order had to be restored and someone else would die in place of the recently raised. You would think that this would sort everything out, but life was a bitch and if Castiel even accidently touched the recently revived, they too would die- only it would be a permanent death.
“Bobby’s gotta stay here and man the phones. If any info comes in, he’ll hear about it and tell us.”
- not really. He’s just Cas. And hey, I can clearly trust him with my life,” Dean jokes.
“So I’ve been told,” Castiel says calmly.
“How I am here? You touched me, I was bleeding out.”
“I can’t
That being said, Castiel didn’t expect the hour to be just after 1:00 am. Gabriel has outright refused to join him, saying something about not wanting to be implicated with Castiel and the bringing back of a suspected murderer. Castiel also suspects that Gabriel doesn’t want to be in a building filled with dead people so late at night. Castiel can’t blame his cousin for that.
Dean grimaces at the image. “Yeah, well, I might have gotten the wrong end of the stick on that relationship. Apparently, Sam doesn’t like dick and he’s been banging this crazy vet for the last couple of months, not Cas.”
“Could be. More likely a demon that just switched hosts,” Dean grins.
!” he yells, pushing the knife closer and closer into her neck.
“I’m not!” Dean protests. “I’m not saying that I didn’t enjoy my time here, but if I could do it all again, I would have tried harder for normalcy. I would have gone to college, would’ve done the whole nine to five gig gladly.”
“You said that the last time we met,” Dean laughs. “I still don’t understand what you meant by that.”
“And what? You thought you could just sacrifice my mom for yours?” Dean yells, jumping from his chair.
“Open up, chuckle-head, we know you’re in there.”
“I’m not saying you need to get laid to move on. I mean you can’t stop your entire life for this guy. He’s not going to start caring about you because you’ve been moping around in your underwear, eating nachos and watching re-runs of
Dean sits at his desk, papers scattered across his desk, looking at a scruffy nervous writer. The writer in question is one Chuck Shurley, better known by the public as Carver Edlund, the creator of the
“Castiel used to work with Milton and Crowley in their finance department before he moved firms,” Sam explains.
This is his mistake. He should know that bars like this — bars filled with tough bikers, road-weary truckers and seasoned hunters — are not the places where you stick your neck out.
After getting the disturbing image of Dean out of his head, Sam decided to use this little kink against Dean the next time he babied him and it would be glorious.
“I shouldn’t have bitched at you last night. I should have thanked you,” he says quickly. “You saved me from Hell. You don’t deserve all my bad attitude.”
“Angels, Chuck? Really?”
“So I’m dead?” Dean says slowly. “I know I was dead. I saw the dude coming after me, saw the knife go in me.” Castiel looks up at him startled. “I was in Hell. How I am here?”
“What, what did she say? Who was that?” Castiel asks, moving to the TV. On the screen is a mug shot of the corpse he had seen just a few days ago. Becky rolls her eyes.
“Just drop it,” Dean mutters, reaching down to pick up the blanket. “Please, just leave it.”
As it was custom, Castiel had spent most of his Saturday afternoons at the park walking his dog, Waffles. It had amazed him the responsibility that come with being a dog owner- a responsibility that had been dropped in his lap two years ago when his brother had given him the dog as a birthday gift despite Castiel’s protest. Still, it was the responsibility towards his pet that had kept him out of his apartment most days. He had grown use to having to stop when random strangers came up to see if they could pet his dog. For some reason Waffles had particularly attracted the attention of small children, often children with parents who gave him suspicious look when they came to collect their offspring. Still, it had surprised him when a determined-looking toddler had appeared out of nowhere and had begun babbling to Waffles with little concern to the owner. It was also surprising that the girl’s parent hadn’t come running up like many others tended to do. He let out a little cough to catch the girl’s attention. She looks up, her eyes wide as saucers when she sees Castiel looking down at her. Still, she continues petting the dachshund with a fierce determination on her face.
“Cas, I didn’t mean that. It’s just this is my brother-”
“Met someone? Met someone like…?”
Castiel shoots Dean a confused look. “I suppose you could say that my ex introduced us.”
“They were here on the nights that the local bands play,” she says, placing a photo on the counter, pointing at two figures in the background. “Is that the guy you’re looking for?”
“I don’t know anymore. He’s been hanging out with a demon for the past year or so,” Bobby admits. “I don’t know where that boy’s head is at.”
Prologue:
Castiel knows that Sam is acting out in anger, but that doesn’t stop him from getting up and leaving. He’ll forgive Sam for that one day, but today is a different story.
“What amount of damage could Sam
“I’d gathered that, otherwise you wouldn’t have called me. I’m asking what you want with me? Since you’ve have stopped any attempts I’ve done to try to contact you, I assume it’s not my company.”
“Bobby, it’s me.”
“I’m Castiel Novak. I was your neighbour when I was twelve,” the man says quickly. “I knew you and your brother Sam. I was there the night your mother died.”
“I’d say we should shake on it,” Dean chuckles, “but that would kind mean me backing on my side of the bargain. We have a deal?”
“He’s alive, as far as I know,” Bobby tells him.
Dean makes a noise of frustration. “But why are you wearing
“Here’s your drink. Sorry, it took so long, Balthazar, the line was long,” a gruff voice says behind Dean. Dean turns to see Castiel Novak, looking very naked without his trench coat, but still wearing a suit that looked a size too big for him.
“It means that I’m an angel and that we do not have genders, don’t understand the concept of sexual orientations or identities. It means this…”
Gabriel turns to Castiel with a look that says he might smite Castiel. “Yeah, he looks exactly like that dead guy.”
“Hey! Don’t bring me into this,” Bobby mumbles, taking another swig of his beer. “I’ve got nothing to do with you two idjits.”
“I have a feeling that Sam really likes him,” Jo suggests softly.
“Well, we didn’t like it as much as we like Palin’s sculptures,” Dean offers, although he has no idea what the sculptures are about. Jo seemed to like it, so he guesses it’s all right.
“Clint Eastwood, overrated? I’m sorry, but you’re just wrong. Eastwood is a legend, man.”
Ignoring the feeling that it sounded like Cas is asking Dean to prom, he says yes, because, hell, it’s not like he has other things to do.
“No, I don’t want to talk about it. Thanks for asking, but it’s better if you leave it alone,” Dean says briskly, slamming the bathroom door behind him.
This, of course, silences everyone else. The room feels too small.
“Oh sorry,” Sam says. “This is Castiel Novak, a friend of mine from work.”
“Not from what I’ve heard,” Dean mumbles, thankful when both Bobby and Crowley miss that.
It happens once everything has died out, when there’s no leviathans left, when Cas isn’t dead or Emmanuel or crazy, when the gates of hell are closed, when there’s no mark of Cain burning on his skin, when there’s no heaven or hell on their backs, that’s when Dean gets his answer and he no longer has to guess.
“It seems like Mister John Doe here was into identity theft,” Turner explains. “Not a single one of these cards are real.”
“I have to say, I’m beginning to see another side of you Dean,” Bobby chuckles.
Bobby’s having a blast just to spite Dean. Dean can see him in the centre of the room with a group of people, all of them laughing at some dumb joke Bobby has said. Suddenly, the crowd begins to disperse and to Dean’s horror, he could see Bobby walking towards him with a shorter stout man next to him.
“Cas, I really didn’t mean to-” Dean tries to say.
“Just a wild animal,” Gabriel announces as he draws the sheet over the dead woman. “Case closed on this Bela Talbot girl.”
“So, what’s the plan?” Gabriel asks, his mouth now stuffed with food. “You two sorted everything out?”
Dean looks around, wiping the rainwater from his face. The museum is crowded with the people seeking shelter from the storm. Cas’s face lights up when he sees the main display- something about exploring space. Dean, whose interest in space extends only to TV (i.e. Star Trek), can’t protest with that look of delight on Cas’s face.
“Dean” Cas began. And damn his voice was even more wrecked than before. He was making it very difficult for Dean to think properly. Dean let out a strangled moan that Cas swallowed with his mouth, and said, “Fuck me, Cas. Please –
“Hey, Claire bear. How are you? Did you miss me? I sure missed you. It’s been years since I saw you last.” Cas replied in a baby voice that seemed super adorable to Dean.
By this time, Dean was already out of bed, getting ready to head out while Sam made him a cup of coffee to drink on the way.
indeed making him breakfast but holy fuck was he wearing the most enticing outfit ever. Cas was wearing a tight red and black corset, the tightest,
Dean and Cas look at each other at her reply, and burst out laughing, just as Jo realizes what just happened.
Finally Dean decided that it was too much and he needed to talk to Charlie about this before he lost his mind over this issue. So he called her up and they decided to meet over lunch to gossip about their latest not-crushes the next day.
Seemingly out of nowhere, she acquired a bottle of cologne and sprayed it at him before turning him around and pushing him out of the door, with a swat at his butt. Unable to resist a jab of his own, he said to her,
“It was you, wasn’t it?” asked Dean.
Cas turned around with a start and looked like a deer caught in the headlights.
Cas tried to tame his hair, but it seemed to have a mind of its own, going in all directions. Before he could decide what to do about his hair, someone knocked at his door. He went to open the door to find Balthazar standing in front of him, carrying a bottle of cheap vodka in his hands. Cas raised a questioning eyebrow in his direction to which Bal replied,
Dean snapped out of his fantasy of having his mouth all over Cas with a shake of his head and he cleared his throat. He looked up at Cas to see him look like a deer caught in the headlights and Dean was sure he just imagined that he saw Cas’ eyes snap up from around his crotch. Projecting his feelings and all that.
Sam, Gabe and Cas began teasing him about it.
