Sherlock's empty hole gapes for a few seconds, then flutters shut. It looks deliciously vulnerable. Greg can't help himself, he bows down and sucks while his right hand sneaks between Sherlock's spread legs and starts to massage his balls. Sherlock gasps and almost comes at once from the sudden stimulation, so deprived is he of another man's touch. But Greg senses his arousal just in time and squeezes his balls so fiercely that Sherlock screams and tears spring to his eyes. He might be pissing blood for the next few days, if he would be allowed to piss at all. Sherlock can imagine John already pondering an adequate additional punishment for demanding Lestrade's come, and denying Sherlock to empty himself might be one idea he entertains.
With every suture he ties off John silently promises himself and Sherlock that this will never happen again. He has to be better if he wants to keep Sherlock; at least if he wants to keep a somewhat healthy and sane Sherlock who stays with him willingly. Love conquers all they say... well, it shouldn't. If John can't control his destructive impulses, Sherlock shouldn't stay with him. It would probably kill them both if he did.
“You want a summary? You are a junky, either on heroin, cocaine and or crack since uni. You are HIV positive, dying of AIDS, because you went on the game when barely legal. You are suffering from manic depression, schizophrenia and psychosis. You are suicidal, and have attempetd to off yourself at least three times. You indulge in sadistic child pornography, BDSM, you are highly promiscuous, gay, bisexual... The only thing you are apparently not is the head of ISIS, but as it's literally early days, who knows where we'll end up?” John sounds incredulous.
Sherlock gasps beneath his mask and has trouble breathing as the toy is finally removed. It's been inside him for so long that he feels empty without it. To his amazement, his hole stays open, cool air touching his insides.
Mycroft Holmes puts his phone down in the sitting room of a neat cottage near Oxford, placing it face down next to his cup and saucer.
“It's gone. I had to pull it out to resuscitate you.” John explains. Sherlock nods before he has to clear his throat again, remembering that he can now use his voice.
“Now, Doctor Watson, I told you, a cane is able to snap tendons.” A sharp stroke hits Sherlock at the delicate skin on the back of his left knee and his leg nearly gives way. The pain sears through his body, all the way up his spine, and he gasps in shock. He almost expects that his other poplit will suffer next but Irene is nothing if not inventive. The next stroke hits him in the vicinity of his right kidney and all air is knocked out of him. He can feel wet warmth trickle down his side and over his hip. He's already bleeding.
John guides his stream over Sherlock's torso, down between his legs, hitting his cock and the fingers encircling it, until he eventually directs the spray up onto Sherlock’s face. His knees threaten to give out as Sherlock opens his mouth wide and throws back his head; it’s all the invitation John needs. He fills Sherlock's willing mouth with piss and watches enrapt as his long pale throat contracts to swallow.
“Shh, don't fight it, pretty boy.” The man behind Sherlock mumbles. Zips are being opened, and suddenly the musky smell of male arousal fills the small room, making Sherlock's mouth water.
He's only dimly aware that, at some point, his restraints must have been cut with the scalpel. “Sit up.”
Only when both John and Mycroft are satisfied with his efforts and their results is Sherlock’s head forcefully shoved under the icy spray to wash his face and hair. Thank god they don’t use Harbic for that, but a rough bar of old-fashioned carbolic soap. Sherlock has to rinse out his mouth with it as well while John and Mycroft dress in fluffy bathrobes.
One of them suddenly stands right in front of him and pulls on the silver rings piercing his nipples. Another man steps up behind him and fondles his arse, squeezing his cheeks before pushing his hand in between them. Sherlock doesn't protest, only freezes. He doesn’t like this at all.
Sherlock wants to come up with a somewhat snide retort, but all he can utter is a small yelp as Mycroft pinches his nipple hard between thumb and forefinger, digging his nails into the sensitive flesh. His brother’s other hand scratches up from Sherlock's abdomen to his sternum. Sherlock shivers as his cock starts to fill.
To distract himself from those dangerous thoughts Sherlock speeds up, riding the bottle as if it's John's huge cock. Meanwhile, John rubs the object of Sherlock's desire against the side of his face, his balls hitting Sherlock's chin. Sherlock holds onto John's hips and thighs to steady himself, to pull him closer, offering himself to John any way he likes him, breathing him in while being subjected to his whims.
Two bright red spots bloom on Sherlock's cheeks as John talks to him like this, not really expecting an answer.
“I. Don't. Know!” Molly enunciates, emphasising every word as if John's hearing is somehow impaired. “Look. I didn't text him...” She pats the pockets of her lab coat for her mobile but doesn't find it. “Strange? Where is the bloody thing....? I must have left it in the lab. I've been to lunch with some colleagues... John. Wait. John!”
“I want to know where you're going and who you're meeting. Your phone stays switched on. If you don't return in time, I'll call you. If you don't answer, I'll come looking for you, no matter what.”
Sherlock slowly follows him on wobbly legs. “But John, don't you think... I don't know? What if I have... an accident?” Two bright red spots bloom on Sherlock's prominent cheekbones.
What he sees burns into his retina like a freeze frame. There's a figure crouching on the floor, hovering over the naked, pale frame of Sherlock – John would recognise him anywhere, under whatever circumstances. He holds Sherlock's wrists in one hand, pulled up over his head, pressed down against the concrete floor, surely painfully crushing the delicate bones. In his free hand is a mobile. He snarls something John doesn't comprehend
“What? Oh please, in a place like this? Come on, John. Bit late to claim the moral highground.” Sherlock huffs.
The noises Sherlock makes are almost animalistic. He pinches and pulls his nipples so hard that John fears (wishes?) he might draw blood, and when John hits his prostate with the dildo Sherlock throws his head back and howls. Clear fluid is freely running from his slit, over his stomach and hairless pubic ridge, and his writhing body looks so obscene that John fears he might come in his pants just from watching.
But John has other plans right now. He opens a drawer and rummages through its contents in search of something. After a few moments, he comes up with a piece of string. From the cupboard under the sink he takes a small bucket in which they usually store their detergents. Sherlock frowns as John fills four cups with water and sets them down on their kitchen table.
“Come on, show us how much you want this.” Mycroft groans into Sherlock's ear, and Sherlock understands. He transfers his weight unto both his spread knees and shins and starts to slide up and down the two throbbing cocks up his arse. It's like being speared by hot, hard flesh. Sherlock links his arms behind his head and starts to ride the two cocks deep inside him, spurred on by the gasps and yelps the two men beneath him utter. Because of him. Because of what he's prepared to do to make them happy. He'll do anything they want.
“And you would let me, wouldn't you?” John pulls his arse cheeks a little wider apart, staring mesmerised at Sherlock's pulsing hole. He's almost sure that he can hear the vibrator stir inside him.
He pulls Sherlock to his feet and drags him up to the bathroom by his hair. Sherlock is screaming as the weights tear at his tortured balls with very move. By the time John shoves him into the loo, he's on the verge of passing out from pain and fear. He's never seen John furious like this, calm and determined, yet boiling with rage.
The day ends with Sherlock obediently draped over their kitchen table. John has removed the plug and made Sherlock lick it clean. Sherlock groaned as he tasted John on his tongue. Now John is watching his come dribble out of Sherlock's hole, pushing it back in when it starts to run down Sherlock's crack. He's still using the tiger balm but Sherlock has learned to breath through the throbbing burn.
Sherlock had to let go of the cock in his hand and feels a bit superfluous, starting to come back up from the subserviant state of mind he's sunken into. His eyes find John's, staring up desperate and a little lost. John senses Sherlock's discomfort and knows what he needs.
A tear runs down Sherlock's cheek as John fastens the feeding gag around his head, buckling it up after adjusting the nozzle inside Sherlock's oral cavity. It presses Sherlock's tongue down and reaches almost to the back of his throat.
This time, Sherlock opens willingly and swallows, gulping down the cooling ejaculate, his throat contracting beneath his skin as muscles work his deglutition reflex.
“Oh, dear, do you need it so badly?” John asks while yawning, stretching until he can feel his joints pop. Sherlock isn't looking at him, he has his eyes cast onto the floor, waiting patiently for John to give him the attention he craves. John rolls out of bed and uses the loo first before returning to the bedroom, telling Sherlock to get face down onto the bed.
“Wait.” John pets him again - his arse this time – and hurries over into the kitchen. He returns with the small popper's bottle and offers it to Sherlock, who gratefully takes it, sniffs...
On the sofa, John glimpses a man palming his crotch while another watches, grinning obscenely, pulling the leash of the Great Dane and encouraging the dog to hump the armrest. The men cheer the beast on.
Finally, everything is in place, like a complicated experimental circuit. Sherlock can sense that John and Mycroft are close, that their eyes dwell on him as they take in what they've reduced him to: a faceless object, intubated, attached to hoses, tied up, his male figure transformed not into something decidedly female but still altered beyond recognition. His long legs are stretched, as are his lean, sinewy arms. He sways slightly in his bounds.
Sherlock desperately clenches his hole when Greg finally pulls out, but all the plugs, the fingering, the speculum and last but not least Greg's enormous cock have stretched him so much that it is no use. After a few moments, Greg's piss, mixed with his come, starts to ooze out of Sherlock, slowly running over his balls and dripping down the back of his thighs. He is sobbing excuses as John crawls away for him. Both men stand next the bed, watching Sherlock soil the already ruined sheets with piss and more come.
“I should get him a cage like your's is wearing.” Sherlock can hear the German say to John with a heavy accent before he continues: “Du notgeile Sau, na warte, das wirst du mir büßen.” [You needy pig, you'll answer me for that.] The boy is pulled up and away and dragged from the room, a heady smile on his face as he winks at Sherlock one last time.
“I’m fully aware of that. Now, budge up and let me in your bed. I’m not sleeping on this monstrosity.” John gives the old folding bed a sceptical look before advancing towards Sherlock's mattress.
Sherlock almost immediately sinks to his knees, pressing his mouth on the other man's in an instant. He tastes salty piss on his lips and groans as they open up to his assault. Kneeling in the lukewarm yellow puddle made by the men surrounding them he can feel his caged cock getting wet while piss sloshes against his open entrance as well as soaking the insides of his thighs. When the men standing around them become aware of the tunnel plug, surprised yet admiring words reach Sherlock's ears (“Geil.” “Krass.” “Heiß.”).
Sherlock holds the man's head up with his left while pulling his lips back with his right hand, examining the teeth as if on a horse market. Then he preens up the man's nostrils. “Cocaine addict.” Sherlock mumbles. When he kneels down to examine the wound at the groin John has to close his eyes for a moment.
He gives another determined nod and surrenders himself body and soul to John’s very capable hands. Elaborating on further details of his plan can wait a few hours. Despite, he might even be able to focus more intently after an excessive session. Nothing clears his mind as effective as pain, he has discovered over the last few weeks.
As a reward for the pain he took, John makes him ride his cock for what feels like hours afterwards. They don't use any lube for this, as Sherlock's hole has been nicely stretched over the previous week and can now accommodate John whenever he wants to push inside. It's quite convenient, being able to do so without tedious foreplay and preparation.
“So, how does it work then? Are customers admitted and then ushered to their rooms, or is there some... mingling beforehand?” John enquires curiously.
“But I need it, I need you. Please, I'm so horny, I'll be so good, just a little, please...,” Sherlock is babbling, literally biting the pillow.
“Get up on your knees.” John had ordered, pulling an almost boneless Sherlock up, and then had wanked him while Sherlock looked on, resting his brow against John's shoulders. He'd watched fascinated ad John had brought the cup just below Sherlock's cockhead and caught the thick white stripes when they'd started to pulse out of Sherlock's red, glistening slit as he'd come and come. He'd nearly filled half the cup before he the spurting abated to a dribble. Sherlock had been whimpering with sensitivity by now, but John had continued to milk him until he'd been spent and dry.
“I'm afraid we'll have to improvise a bit. But I found some interesting stuff. I promise you a surprise.”
As Sherlock doesn’t move, John kicks him again, this time just above the swell of his arse, right into his left kidney. Sherlock howls in pain and reaches out to take the toilet cleaner from below the sink, stretching his arm blindly back for John to grab the characteristically curved bottle.
They stay quiet in the car as they are driven through London - that cesspool, their natural habitat - over to the Diogenes Club.
“Did they try to scare you away with more stories about my disturbing behaviour as an adolescent?” Sherlock asks wryly as John leans next to him at the fence. John has no idea where the cigarette Sherlock is smoking came from, but feels that now is not the right time to scold him for it.
John wants to punch something, preferably the man in front of him. “That's just dirty blackmail. I didn't sign up for this.” He says instead.
Sherlock does almost on autopilot, lowering his torso onto the dirty table. He can read the labels on the equipment inside the plastic box and concentrates on the brand names, stowing them neatly away in his mind palace.
John reacts quickly, almost jumping off the bed. He takes Mark's glass from the bedside cabinet and holds it in front of the gasping man to catch every spurt of hot semen. It must be quite a lot, judging by the time it takes Mark to climax.
“Now, we have entered a new stage in our relationship. One in which you mustn't be distracted. One that is better played out away from prying eyes. Therefore, we'll stay here, and work on it, until Mycroft can return sometime next week. Then we'll all have time to re-evaluate. Of course, this is just a proposal. You are free to leave any time you really want to. But that will be for good. If you opt out, there's no way back to this.”
He quickly slicks himself up and grabs Sherlock's hips. At the first push against his already taut ring of muscle, Sherlock reflexively clenches, but Mycroft continues to press forward. Suddenly, the head of his cock glides past Sherlock's sphincter and is swallowed by Sherlock’s body. Mycroft stares down, watching mesmerised as his cock is sucked inside Sherlock's body, already filled with another hard cock. It's not only the feeling of Sherlock's hot, wet heat around him, it's also brushing against John's shaft that sets Mycroft's blood on fire and makes his nerves tingle.
“Yes, John.“ Sherlock sighs. John works the rubber toy deeper and deeper inside him until the widest part is stretching Sherlock's rim as it breaches him agonisingly slow. John stops to admire his work. Sherlock's breathing has become ragged. John brushes his index finger around Sherlock's entrance, the soft pink of his flesh turned a bright red from the friction.
Sherlock can only hear the gurgling, choking and moaning, interspersed with the sounds of flesh on flesh. Yet it's enough to be able to vividly imagine the action on screen. He wants to mimic it. John, meanwhile, tugs on his cock and plays with his balls. Why doesn't he use me for this? Sherlock silently laments. He's waiting to be used, more than ready to do anything John wants him to. Being compelled to just watch is truly testing Sherlock's patience. Yet he has to acquiesce, otherwise John might keep him even longer on tenterhooks. He's not risking that.
It starts to hurt soon. The large rubber cock is unyielding. It's hard to swallow around it. But nonetheless, John makes him wash the bedding and put clean sheets on the bed. He's only allowed to shower afterwards.
Acri had indicated for yet another boy – olive-skinned, toned, with short black curls - to get down as well. He'd lubed up in full view of the already impaled boy, who had tried to shake his head, glancing up, casting a pleading look at his master.
“Why? What happened? You seemed to be perfectly fine with the things we did.” Sherlock sounds both confused.
Sherlock has a hard time on the cab ride back to 221b. Even as Irene had paid more attention to his back, and John to his cock, his arse hurts and sitting is uncomfortable. John had washed him and had tended to the welts and wounds, patched him up and rubbed soothing ointment into his skin, but still, Sherlock's whole body aches despite him being high on endorphins. The pain, however, is somehow eased by John's hand on his thigh, caressing his bandaged left knee. Sherlock needs John's help to get out of the cab and limps towards the door while the cabbie watches both of them with a suspicious look on his face.
When he blinks a bleary eye open, he discovers that he has been somehow manhandled up on a stretcher again, halfway lying on it, his arms shackled to each side with handcuffs. Only, this time, he's lying face down on something ashen grey, marmorised, not as hard as the usual stainless steel operation tables.
So he stays like this as the other two men sleep. Pee is slowly dripping out of him while his cock remains half-hard due to the steady stimulation of his prostate from the vibrator. After he's overcome the first jolt of panic, he has to agree that it is an interesting experience. It’s not enough to make him come again, but it keeps him alert, aroused. The pain in his penis is bearable yet constant. Soon, his body is drenched in sweat. He’s clenching his arse, rutting into thin air and must look totally depraved. Well, he is, isn’t he?
“So, new identities.” John says after a while, leaning in to brush an errant curl off Sherlock's forehead.
When he stretches and yawns he suddenly feels his full bladder. A smug smile creeps onto his face as he nudges Sherlock's side. The man next to him just grunts and tries to steal even more of the duvet but John gently shakes him awake.
“Shh, don't cry, Sherlock. I don't want to see you cry. You should enjoy this. Come on, smile. Think of John, that might help.” Moriarty touches his tongue to Sherlock's temple, licks down over his cheek and chin, tasting his tears.
The rubber somehow diminishes the sensation at first, as Sherlock just feels something firm, long and very large glide inside him. But as John's finger push deeper, past the rubber tunnel, the sensation is so intense that Sherlock groans deep in his throat. As John's arm slides in deeper and deeper, his knuckles brushing the soft, velvety insides of Sherlock's body, both men gasp in shock. John eventually stills, savouring the sight of his arm up to his elbow inside Sherlock's arse.
“Yes, John, I'll try...” Another slap hits Sherlock's other cheek. It's hard enough to bring tears to his eyes but he blinks them back. He's sure John doesn't want to see him sniffle.
“If I had known earlier...” Moriarty mumbles, suddenly close to Sherlock's ear. And then his palm travels further south, pressing down onto Sherlock's groin, who inhales sharply, flinches and squirms, trying to escape, to get away from this touch. But Moriarty just gropes him tighter, until a gurgling sound escapes Sherlock's mouth as he desperately struggles to swallow down the bile rising in his throat.
Sherlock's head is spinning. He's drowning in dark blue eyes as John's soft voice echoes in his ears.
He drags himself up the stairs and starts to pack his bag, throwing his clothes into his holdall without paying much attention to it. He doesn't want to leave Sherlock here, but he can't stay either and witness him being turned into a cheap slut, forced into servicing people his brother deems important to his work without even being asked for consent. It wasn't supposed to be like that.
John quickly removes his fingers, but otherwise, they stay like this for a few moments until Sherlock has his breath back. They are both too weak and tired to tug themselves away. When Sherlock scrambles eventually to his feet, his wet trousers just drop to the floor, soaking in the yellow puddle. He steps out of them rather unceremoniously before looking a little sheepishly at John.
“Now bring it up again.” That's John's voice. Sherlock turns around, a little shocked. John looks at him seriously. “Sven, I said, bring it up again.”
It looks rather distinguished, not at all like the pictures Mycroft has stored of is brother on his phone. In those, Sherlock is sweating, bleeding, crying, covered in come and piss. Mycroft takes a sip of tea – too weak for his liking – and allows his thoughts to drift as his father laments the state of the roads and the decay of the Occident in general.
Irene goes back to caressing his perineum and balls before a deft flick of her wrist sends another jolt of pain through Sherlock's body.
John is still panting hard when he opens his eyes again, staring down into Sherlock's, that right now resemble pools of dark quicksilver. It takes John's dazed brain a moment to realise that Sherlock has opened his trousers as well and is frantically fisting a long, slim cock.
“Come on, fuck her with your tongue.” John's voice is rough and low and Sherlock's cock slowly starts to thicken as he becomes aware that this is something that turns John on. He stiffens his tongue and pushes inside, plunging deep between the folds of smooth tissue. Kate rocks her hips forward invitingly. It's actually not as awful as Sherlock has anticipated.
I desperately wanted to get Sherlock and John out of England, because I plan for them to travel the world and have some awefully smutty adventures in the second part of this story, which I will publish in Autumn this year. For now, real life forces me to take a short break over the Summer.
“Come on, get your adorable mouth on her.” Miss Adler tells Sherlock. Her tone is encouraging and a little mocking but Sherlock can sense steal beneath that light-heartedness.
At the restaurant, John chooses extra hot fried rice for Sherlock, which John serves him in a bowl on the kitchen floor, next to his chair. John himself sits at the table above Sherlock, looking down from time to time. When Sherlock hesitates, John kicks the bowl in Sherlock's direction, indicating him to get to work on his dinner.
Meanwhile, Sherlock knows what they do isn't healthy. But he's always had a self-destructive streak, and indulging it while at the same time amazing and satisfying John seems appropriate, even worthwhile. Sherlock gets off on overcoming his own internal resistance. Giving in to something he knows he should find abhorrent is becoming his ultimate kick.
He leaves the flat half an hour later, dressed in dark jeans, trainers and a dirty hoodie. He'll spend the night on the streets with various members of his homeless network, but promised to call John every hour on the dot. And, much to his own surprise, he keeps his word.
“Of course I will, with a whore like you. Who knows who else put his dick inside you? Many, I guess.” Sherlock can hear a blister pack being torn open. At least a condom will provide minimal lubrication aside from protection.
“You know, that reputation I have... it's not entirely unfounded.” Sherlock stage-whispers, his tone dripping with lewd promises.
“Oh, but you two are celebrities now. People have a right to know what you are up to, how you love to tie your fucktoy down, for example, and beat him into submission.” Magnussen's voice is cultivated, quite distinguished, which makes listening to him using all those dirty words even more insufferable.
Only after John has satisfied his need to look and probe for any damage, and has established that Sherlock is still fully functional, once again a plug is shoved up Sherlock's rectum. It's not as big as the one last night, and after this morning's activities, it slides in rather easy. It's flexible, shaped like a cock, but its most striking feature is that it vibrates, controlled by by a remote currently in Mycroft's hand.
Sherlock unfolds from the backseat and yawns. When he stretches himself, he can feel the sore areas of his body protest.
“Get my cock out, Sherlock. Let's see how much she can take.” Kate whimpers and licks her lips as Sherlock's dexterous fingers pull down John's zip and fumble with his underwear until his large cock springs free. Irene hast stopped playing with the toy up his arse and has moved her hand to cup and squeeze his balls instead. It's rather painful.
Talking about his phone, John is suddenly reminded that he hasn't checked his messages since yesterday. He'd only toyed with the burner. Perhaps Mrs Hudson is wondering where he went? He gets up and walks over to the chair he's draped his jacket over, rummaging through his pockets. Yet to no avail.
At Mycroft's place, they don't have to make do with coffee tables or kitchen chairs. In his bedroom, there is, of course, the real thing: a beating rack that looks almost antique, the wood smooth and polished from use, the leather belts soft and well-worn.
Acri turns a little towards them and allows his dressing gown to slip off his shoulders. His muscled arms tighten and his back heaves as he plunges into the lean body pinned down under him. Sweat starts to run down his back while the tendons in his legs and arse strain beneath tanned skin.
John reaches for him and weighs his shaft in his right hand, loosely circling it. Sherlock can feel the calluses of John's palm against the underside of his cock where his protruding dorsal vein is throbbing, pulsing with hot blood.
“I'll see to that.” John nods. “I just need some supplies. Make him clean this up and get him in the shower. I'll be back in about an hour.”
“Thank you, Doctor.” Kate sounds relieved as John draws up a syringe and injects the fluid into each labium. Sally watches mesmerised, then suddenly bows down and starts to snog Kate, deep and messy, one of her hands fondling Kate's full breasts.
“You greedy thing!” John groans, and starts to fuck him in earnest. Every thrust drives the dildo deep down Sherlock's willing, open throat. He moans around it and quickly starts to drool; John's vision blurs as he's desperately chases his own orgasm, despite having just come an hour before.
Sherlock wants to plead, wants to throw himself at John’s feet and his mercy, but he’s frozen, pinned down under John’s gaze.
John stays in Sherlock's mouth, still hard, pulsing down his throat, and Sherlock is unable to breath. Spit and come drip onto the floor until he almost passes out. Only when John can feel him sagging, his arms almost giving out, does he pull Sherlock's head up and off his cock. His lips are glistening with saliva and milky white ejaculate. John brushes a thumb over Sherlock's lower lip and Sherlock's eyes flutter shut.
“I really think we need to clean up first and change. Let’s move this to my private quarters, shall we?”
“Du kannst ihn wichsen, aber pass auf, dass er nicht kommt,” [You can wank him a bit, but be careful not to make him come.] the German Dom says, and Sherlock eagerly resumes touching the boy. He can feel the Asian shudder in his grip as he pumps his cock viciously in a fist slippery with piss. The other men around them have started to jerk off as well.
John has moved to the edge of the mattress by now to get a better view. Sherlock's face is flushed, crimson heat spreading down his throat and chest. His nipple rings are glittering in the early morning light. His thighs start to tremble from the effort of crouching and flexing. Yet his cock is hard by now, standing to attention between his slightly spread legs.
“John…” Sherlock doesn’t continue, but his expression says it all: doubt, fear, exhaustion, pain, embarrassment. John smiles down at him in what he hopes is an encouraging way. Then he lets his gaze wander over the walls.
“He seems to have been a regular. Popped in weekly, always with a very young... companion.” The DS explains.
Sherlock starts to slide from the stretcher but is stopped by one of Toby's hands on his tight-laced waist. The hand lingers a moment, fingers tightening, until Mycroft explains: “We are not yet done here, Sherlock.”
“When I'm finished I want to see you piss yourself.” John pants, but his hand doesn't speed up, and it's another ten minutes before he finally comes, shooting his load all over Sherlock's face and hair. Sherlock holds still and stays inside John for some minutes after so he can ride out his orgasm as come drips down Sherlock's face. He wants to taste it, push it into his mouth with his fingers, but all he can do is stay still and smell John's musk, sweat and arousal. When he's eventually allowed to pull the rubber toy out, John's pink hole clenches and flutters. Sherlock desperately wants to push his tongue in again but John doesn't remove the gag just yet.
He comes back wielding a thick brown leather strap in his hand. It's slimmer than the paddle, therefore the impact is different. The two tongues of the tawse are more flexible than the wooden paddle, wrapping around Sherlock's skin, bruising without splitting it open. John now also deals blows to the small of Sherlock's back, not restricting the beating to his still crimson arsecheeks and thighs.
But better safe than sorry. Mycroft makes a short call to put Ormond Sacker's name on the special observation list of MI6.
It will be much more delicious to come all over those flimsy pieces of slutty underwear with Sherlock inside them, moaning and panting.
Sherlock, still crouched on the floor, watches him from below his lashes, darker and longer now because of the mascara he wears. Dried blood sprinkles his chin. Despite the distance between them, John can feel the heat radiating off his mostly naked body.
Quickly, he pulls the nasogastric tube out of Sherlock's nostril. A small rivulet of blood accompanies this procedure, trickling from Sherlock's nose as John disposes off the thin plastic hose. Still, Sherlock doesn't breath. Next, John uses the scissors to cut open the seam sealing Sherlock's lips. He feels frighteningly calm as he does so, like in the eye of a hurricane. Bowing down, pinching Sherlock's nose, John breathes into Sherlock's mouth, long and deep.
“Ok.” John had held up his hands. “I haven't. Drunk my piss, that is. But I have tasted my come, if that counts?””
When Sherlock wakes up, he has no idea what time it is, apart from that it's daylight outside. He feels much better. His body still hurts, but it's more of a dull throb than the fierce ache he'd experienced over the last few days. Sleeping has refreshed him, body and mind. He's actually hungry. And needs some tea. There's his blue dressing gown draped over the back of a chair. He puts it on and pads down into the kitchen.
“TEN!” It's a shrill scream. Sherlock's cock looks already saw, swollen and bright red. “I promise, John, I promise... please...” Sherlock's voice is strained with pain and terror.
“Hm,” hums Mycroft, breaking the kiss and looking down at his younger sibling. “I’d really like to see how this greedy whore looks with both our cocks in its mouth.” John groans his approval before grabbing Mycroft’s neck again, pulling him into another fierce kiss. His other hand is fisted into Sherlock’s curls, tugging forward until he can push his stiff cock against those plush lips.
“God, look at you. You are a right slut, Sherlock. Gagging for it.” John nudges Sherlock's erection with his foot. “Does it hurt?”
John groans with pleasure and Sherlock answers him with a moan stifled by his mask. He can't meet John's thrusts as he fucks him hard and fast, just chasing his own orgasm, but it doesn't matter, Sherlock is so deprived of friction to his cock that humping the floor through the bag sets him off in no time anyway. He can feel his orgasm approaching like a tidal wave, crashing over him, almost drowning him. He spills two weeks of pent up semen into the bag, mixing with his piss and sweat, his hole body shuddering and convulsing.
“You don’t want to use Agar extract as lubrication. It's more like aspic jelly. I wouldn't recommend that.” Sherlock sounds rather doubtful.
Before they can even ring the bell, the door is opened by a visibly shaken Sergeant Donovan. To John's astonishment, she's not wearing one of her familiar suits but a tight black mini-dress and black high heels.
“Get up, on your knees, I want to come on your face.” John huffs and Sherlock hurries to scramble to his feet as to not miss John's load. He has barely sunken onto his knees in front of John as the first spurt of hot come hits his cheek. Sherlock opens his mouth wide to catch as much as he can.
John doesn't rise to the bait. When he just stares ahead, Mycroft scoffs in indignation. “Seriously, John? I assumed this was just a job for you. But if you turn out to be emotionally compromised, I have to revoke our contract. As Greg tells me, Sherlock might be ready anyway. Therefore, I thank you for your services, they are no longer required.”
“God, look at you. My own piss bucket.” John tenderly strokes Sherlock's glistening arse cheeks and wet upper thighs with his fingertips.
Sherlock can see his rim being stretched even more over each ridge popping free. It’s both gruesome and fascinating. He tries to breathe steadily, but a burning pain is shooting up his spine, sharp, white, hot, tightening his chest; it lingers, making him want to recoil, to scramble away, to scream. He doesn’t.
At first, it's almost invisible, a darker stain on already dark fabric. But it spreads. A small moan escapes Sherlock's mouth.
When John re-enters the kitchen he's dressed again in jeans and t-shirt, carrying an old-fashioned doctor's bag in his hand. He sets it down onto his empty chair and asks: “Could you clean the table up a bit? Perhaps put all those slides and Petri dishes somewhere else?”
John gives him a few loose strokes to get him to focus. It's not really pleasurable, though, because his cock is still sore and sensitive. Sherlock gasps, yet his erection doesn't falter. His slit is still a little engorged and stretched. John fingers his glans a bit, pressing and prodding, until the hole opens a bit wider, again gaping slightly.
Mycroft takes off his robe before touching the base of the fat plug still shoved up Sherlock's arse. His thick cock is hard and leaking, brushing Sherlock's bruised arsecheeks as he steps behind his brother. Sherlock tries to buck his hips at the contact but it's impossible due to his tight bounds.
Sherlock sucks and licks, tasting lube, rubber, salt and tangy musk mixing with John's come on his tongue. It's filthy, but he has no choice. John holds the toy firmly in place.
“Come on, this way.” She says by way of a greeting, then escorts them down the hall and into the basement of the house.
“God, look at you. You just defiled a corpse.” Moriarty sounds equal parts disgusted and intrigued. Sherlock doesn't care. He lies in his own rapidly cooling ejaculate and has to get away from all of this. NOW.
To their left, for example, a man leans onto the window sill, feeling the cool breeze on his face as another man kneels behind him and licks his arsehole with abandon, pushing his face deep between his cheeks. Sherlock envies him.
“Look at me, you gorgeous filthy thing.” John pants and when their eyes meet Sherlock can see how affected John is despite having fucked the maid only an hour ago. His face is flushed and his eyes are dark, holding Sherlock's gaze.
Sherlock's sweating, his back, arse and thighs glistening; his hair sticks to his forehead and temples, dark and curly. Breath! Inhaling sharply against the ache of being filled. Trembling all over. Exhale. Unclenching.
There might be a bit more plot over the next few chapters. But don't worry - the kinky sex will continue as well.
Kate starts to bob her head slowly up and down, taking John deep, saliva threading from her lips. Her eyes are open and wander between John and Sherlock.
“Sherlock, get us some drinks.” Mycroft tells him in a low, seductive voice, bringing Sherlock back to the tasks at hand. As he slowly gets to his feet and strolls past Mycroft, his brother reaches out a hand and strokes over his iliac crest, just avoiding Sherlock's straining cock, before pinching his bum and sending him on his way. Over at the far wall stands a well-stocked trolley, and Sherlock mixes two Whisky soda, highly aware that John and Mycroft watch him hungrily. He returns to the small table and puts the drinks down, eyes on the floor all the time, before sinking back down onto his knees to resume his earlier routine of passing snacks around.
“Thought so. Ok, now we have a time frame...” But he's unable to continue his explanation, because the door to his office is thrown open. A visibly agitated Mycroft Holmes strides into the small room,his presence taking up nearly all the space. He's panting hard as if he'd hurried to get here – which is unheard of – but doesn't take his time to catch his breath. Instead, he huffs: “John, you said my brother is at St. Bart's hospital?”
As Irene becomes aware of Sherlock's arousal she leaves her position behind the chair and comes to stand behind Sherlock instead, stroking his hair as she whispers: “God, this is so hot, don't you think? Look at how much John enjoys her. She is so soft and wet and willing. So unlike you.”
“Please... no.” Sherlock begs, tearing his lips open at the thorny raspberry branch, but John doesn't stop. He winds some twine around his bollocks as well, before Sherlock feels a rather heavy tug. It must be a large stone that's swinging between Sherlock's legs, and the stretch to his balls shoots white hot pain through his body.
“You look a right mess, you filthy thing.” John breathes, and Sherlock makes a gurgling sound, swallowing him even deeper. He wants to be dirty. He wants to submit. He wants John to use him.
John stumbles backwards until his legs give out and he slides down onto the floor as well, his back against the pale yellow wall. The room is so small, there’s only about three feet of old carpet separating them, yet it feels like an unbridgeable abyss. John can't stop shaking his head. His hands tremble.
“Why not? I thought I was rather dashing.” Sherlock huffs in indignation before flashing John another passport, also red, but with a different coat of arms on its front. He tries to pull away before John can take a proper look, but John moves quickly and snatches it from Sherlock's hand. “Sven Sigerson? Why do you have a cool Scandic name and I'm stuck with Ormond Sacker?” John chuckles. “But I have to admit, you look hot in your pic.”
Eventually, John unties the string from the nipple rings, and Sherlock is allowed to sit back up on his heels. “Ready for round two?” John asks, but doesn't wait for Sherlock's answer as he pushes four fingers right inside his soft, gaping mouth.
John presses disconnect at almost lightning speed and just stares at his mobile in still drowsy bewilderment, only to nearly drop it as it rings again. The number shows but doesn't register with him. Not overtly keen to have yet another conversation with a tabloid journalist in which he's clearly at the short end of the stick before he even had the chance to have some tea, he switches his phone off and rummages around the desk to find Sherlock's. It hadn't stopped ringing. He eventually locates it beneath a pile of newspaper clippings.
Greg is already drenching Sherlock as Mycroft is speaking, his cock aiming for Sherlock's chest. The soft splatter of piss on skin, soaking Sherlock's clothes, is the last thing Mycroft hears before he hangs up and starts to dab his fingers with his silken pocket square.
Afterwards, John takes his time to pull the beer bottle from Sherlock's anus. His hole stays gaping open and, suddenly, John can't resist. He takes more lube as Sherlock crouches in front of him and starts pushing all his five fingers inside Sherlock's body. Sherlock gasps, shivers and moans, but John stops when his knuckles start to breach Sherlock. Despite his rectum being nicely stretched, it's still not loose enough to take John's whole hand. Yet, John enjoys the view.
It stings. The wood is firm, hard, unyielding. Sherlock can't move or wriggle away; he's absolutely at John's mercy. Soon, his buttocks are bright red and burning. They'll sure turn a bruised greenish purple over the next few days.
John is so keyed up, he can't go slowly. Not this time. The battlefield their bed has become calls for action. Sherlock moans like a whore in front of him, pushing eagerly back, at least as needy as John himself. Blood is everywhere, making their bodies slippery with their own brand of gory lube. John smears it all over Sherlock’s body, as he touches every inch of skin he can reach, his fingers scratching, eliciting one pleading scream after another from Sherlock, calling for mercy, calling for more.
Sherlock is about to protest but John just grins down at him wickedly. “Believe me, I'm going to put your mouth to good use tonight. Don't you worry.” He rakes his fingers through Sherlock's filthy hair, spreading the mess he's made. Sherlock loves it.
Sherlock is sitting bare-arsed on a kitchen chair and watches John pull the tourniquet tight around his upper arm. It's been a while since he has used one. The black fabric is a stark contrast to his white skin. John puts on latex gloves before unwrapping the needle as Sherlock balls his hand into a fist without being told; he knows how this is done. John has to try a few times to find a spot where the needle can puncture the vein. Even as Sherlock's junky days are over his damaged blood vessels have still not fully recovered. John dabs a spot on Sherlock's forearm with a Betadine swipe from his bag and eventually the needle breaches Sherlock's skin. John draws at the plunger and Sherlock watches as dark red blood fills the tube. When it's full John removes the needle carefully and swiftly disinfects the small pinprick again. After wards he puts the syringe back on the table.
For some time, he'd hoped that the pain John's inflicting upon him would drown out his fears. God, he'd been so very wrong.
John is sitting on the bed, filming Sherlock on his phone, his cock in the other hand, lazily stroking himself. “Come on, don’t stop, all the way in.”
“When my family built this house, the rooms you've seen were for official entertainment. These here were the private quarters.” Their host explains. Second generation immigrant to the US, Sherlock deduces. Baltimore. Art dealer. Travels back home during summer every year. Married to a woman. Four daughters. Catholic, though obviously not devout.
“I'm also into wax play, breath play, pain play and torture. I think you'll really appreciate these approaches, as they will help you to focus, to relax and to loose yourself in the sensation. That means I will hurt you, Sherlock. I'm not talking about a few cloth pins to your nipples or a smack on the arse. I'll take you to the edge. Are you able to handle that?”
“You texted him. You said you found something on the girl.” John knows he must sound frighteningly mad but doesn't care.
Afterwards, John goes up to his room and changes into something more comfortable – dark blue jeans and a snug white t-shirt – before returning downstairs. Sherlock can see his dog-tags beneath the fabric and swallows. John comes to stand next to the couch and gazes down at him, frowning.
John carefully preens around a corner. Sherlock has his back to John, facing a tall, slim man. John's first impression of Charles Augustus Magnussen is grey: grey-blond hair, a grey three-piece-suit, hard grey eyes, assessing Sherlock from behind rimless glasses. In contrast, Sherlock looks almost flamboyant in his provocative clothing.
He might actually have dozed off, because suddenly John nudges his shoulder before lifting his head and placing it in his lap. John is warm and smells of cotton, whisky and soap. As he starts to gently pet Sherlock's hair, he almost purrs with pleasure. John smiles down on him. They watch some old movie on the telly – Sherlock can't muster enough energy to follow the plot, something about two men on a train plotting to kill their wives – while Mycroft disappears into his study, no doubt making important phone calls the security of the free world depends upon and going through his files. His work, apparently, never stops.
Sherlock subtly flinches at the mention of that name. But John can see it; he's sure Mycroft saw as well.
“No. Yes, well, I will set it in motion, but, of course, I will cover my tracks. I have to do that alone. The people involved... they know me, not you.” Sherlock beseechingly explains.
“Eyes onto the floor, Sherlock.” Mycroft suddenly orders without looking. He knows his brother well. Sherlock quickly obeys. The sharp intake of breath he can hear from John as Mycroft turns around is enough information. What's coming for him must be huge.
“You are a very dirty boy, Sherlock Holmes. Filthy. Deranged. You fantasise fucking your mother. I bet you also want to lick her arse, put your tongue up there, perhaps while Daddy fingers your tight hole.” John crouches over Sherlock on all four, his hard cock just inches away from Sherlock's gagged mouth.
John abandons the phone and leans over to kiss him, deep. Both their eyes are open. It’s sloppy and messy, their tongues eagerly darting out, teeth nipping teasingly. Sherlock watches John as John watches Sherlock fisting himself in the mirror.
“More. Please, more. Give me everything, Mycroft. I need it. Destroy me. Ruin me.” Sherlock begs, and Mycroft does, pushing in yet three more ridges until the monster sits snugly lodged inside Sherlock's hole. He's almost dizzy with pain. “Thank you. You are such a good big brother. Show me how it's done. Isn't that how it's supposed to be, you showing me?” Sherlock pants.
“Look at that needy little comewhore.” Acri whispers into Sherlock's ear as if he can read his thoughts. “He's been at it the whole evening. No idea how many loads he's swallowed. But look at his swollen belly. Full of come.”
Sherlock elegantly slides out of bed, dropping to the floor in an almost obscenely subservient manner. He winces silently as his sore muscles protest the movement before looking expectantly up at John on the bed. “You want to do it right here? Or shall we go to the bathroom?” He even licks his lips in anticipation.
Sherlock tries, and John pushes in even deeper, until he can feel the muscles of Sherlock's throat contracting around his cockhead. He stays like this until Sherlock's breathing has evened out, and then slowly starts to fuck Sherlock's mouth. First it's just shallow thrusts, but they get deeper and faster until Sherlock is drooling and gagging, making desperate keening noises in the back of his throat while John's hands fist Sherlock's curls to hold him in place.
“Molly, get out.” John shouts, but the woman stands frozen to the spot in obvious horror. Moriarty sidesteps Sherlock, without so much as looking at him squatting on the floor, his eyes darting between John and Molly.
Sherlock is moaning like a debased whore, silently begging for release. His body burns and soars with pain as he's been fucked raw for what feels like hours, but he doesn't care. He's high on endorphins, and as the content of the last condom is poured over his face he can only mumble “Thank you, John, thank you...” while wantonly lapping up the come.
“God, you...,” John sighs with pleasure, watching Sherlock move on top of him. “That's amazing. So beautiful. Perfect. Such a perfectly trained boy, always open, ready to be of service. He's still rather tight, Mycroft. Are you sure you'll fit in here as well?”
“You said you had one last surprise for me tonight.” He asks, sounding a bit drowsy. This will soon change, however. As he puts his pants back on, John stops him before he steps into his trousers.
“Wow, you really did good work here, John. Look at this slut, offering his pretty arse like a bitch in heat.”
“Why would you want to drag those things out into the open? It's private. It's nobody's business.” John has to bide some time to come up with a plan to get them both out of here.
“Thank... thank you.” Sherlock croaks. Tears are running down his temples, leaving salty traces in the slush covering his face, but when he's got his breath back he grins wickedly, licking come from his lips.
When Sherlock rises late one Saturday, almost in the afternoon, John's sitting in his chair, reading the paper. Sherlock emerges from his bedroom in just his pyjamas and dressing gown, all tousled hair and still sleepy. He stays in the kitchen and makes himself a cup of tea before sitting in his own chair, watching John. But John just reads and sips his tea until Sherlock leaves with an indignant huff for the shower.
“Hm, you like that, don't you? Look at this horny boy, Doctor Watson, begging to be fucked, spreading himself like a whore.” She pulls the crop out abruptly and Sherlock winces.
When the hood is removed, Sherlock has to squint despite the low light. He can't focus. The room spins around him while the vibrator is still buzzing up his arse.
“Shh.” Moriarty presses his crimson index finger to Sherlock's lips to silence him. “Remember, you promised to stay quiet.”
What does that make him? A freak? A codependent, horny slut? Does he have no pride? Or is John simply giving him what he needs, regardless of other people's narrow views on healthy relationships? Are they perhaps both the other's saviour?
“Apparently, my brother wants to see us.” Sherlock groans, blinking bleary-eyed at his phone's screen.
“I was engaged in a private session for an hour, therefore I couldn't watch the bar. And people can, of course, pop in and out from the other rooms. But DI Lestrade is talking to the staff at the moment. Perhaps someone saw something.”
Sherlock's brother has walked over to the table and is now rummaging through John's bag, eventually taking out a much larger plug than the one actually inside Sherlock hole. Mycroft pulls on a pair of latex gloves as well before returning to Sherlock's side. He briefly caresses his brother's exposed arse before extracting the vibrator in one swift move. Without any preparation, he quickly shoves the larger plug inside. Sherlock wants to scream, but can't. It's like being defiled at both ends of his body. He feels reduced to an object, dehumanised. He's just a hole, after all, and they use him accordingly, without respect or mercy.
On the evening of the second day, Sherlock's disgruntled frown is slowly melting off his face, until there's a smug grin replacing his sullen discontent. When his eyes snap open, they shine a deep cerulean blue.
When Mycroft is finished, he leads Sherlock in front of the mirrored wardrobe doors. Sherlock needs help to keep his balance in the plateau-soled stilettos and staggers helplessly, his movements restricted by the skin-tight rubber. Standing behind him, Mycroft wraps his hands around Sherlock's artificially slim waist. His two hands span it easily. “Good, look at you, Sherlock. So gorgeous.” Mycroft breathes in Sherlock's ear as their eyes find each other in the mirror.
Yet all too soon that skilled wet mouth is removed; Sherlock is panting, whining, begging. “John, please, John, god, please... please!”
“Yes, hello, it's Sherlock Holmes speaking. - Yes, that's right. Could you please put me through to Mr Magnussen? - Thank you.” John openly gapes at Sherlock, who just puts his index finger to his lips to quieten him. “Mr Magnussen? So kind of you to take my call. - Yes, Miss Riley... I was wondering...” He almost sounds a little perturbed. “I'd really like to set the record straight, so to speak. No pun intended. Could we meet? - Your office might be a bit too exposed. - Could you come to Leinster Gardens? No, just you, I don't want to sound petty, but I'm not sure Kitty will be able to handle the story right. - Great. At Eleven. Thank you.”
It's time, John knows. “Let me have a look at you.” He sits up, carefully manoeuvring Sherlock onto his stomach.
“Mother. Father.” Sherlock retorts coldly, and John could actually kick him, but decides to shove toast and jam at him instead. They can't afford provoking Sherlock's parents even more. They need them right now.
“Let's go back to the hotel now. I think you should take a hot bath and lie down for a bit.” John offers, and Sherlock nods. He feels wide awake, but his body is exhausted.
Sherlock continues as if he hadn't heard: “The girl is about ten years old. Not English. I think she came from Eastern Europe, probably one of the Baltic states. She's been in London for only a couple of weeks. Marks on her wrists and ankles suggest that she was kept in chains. In a windowless room. She's very pale. But otherwise she was treated well. No signs of torture or starvation.”
He makes Sherlock stand naked in the middle of the padded mat and pulls on a pair of heavy duty gloves. From a chest in a corner he drags out a spool of barbed wire, carrying it carefully over to Sherlock.
“Damn sure they are.” John answers before sealing Sherlock's mouth with a searing kiss. He takes his time snogging Sherlock thoroughly.
“May I introduce the right honourable Sir Peter Saint Clair, former Minister of Defence.” Donovan spits out.
I was truly surprised that this story, in which I shared my rather dirty fantasies, gained such popularity. I'm humbled and grateful that you all stayed with me during this wild ride. Thanks to everyone for commenting, kudoing and reading! This is for you. I hope you enjoy!
“Where do you want it?” John's voice is rough with desire, his eyes boring into Sherlock's. The hand holding the candle shakes a little. Hot wax runs down its side, trickling onto the carpet.
“The game is on.” John mumbles before pulling the door to the street open, facing the world's most malicious journalists in nothing but his rumpled sleepwear.
“Yes.” Sherlock says, looking up at John from under his lashes, smiling shyly. “I made quite a mess.”
John holds a small black flask under Sherlock's flaring nostrils and Sherlock can smell a somewhat chemical stench, not unpleasant, a bit like a solvent or a sharp cleaning agent. He inhales nonetheless. Immediately his cheeks heat and his heart rate speeds up as he's suddenly getting a bit drowsy.
“Talk to me, Sherlock. Sing for your supper.” John gasps, rocking eagerly into his fist, just inches away from Sherlock's flushed face, just out of reach for his mouth but close enough to smell him.
“Close your eyes.” John is panting heavily as well. Sherlock's eyelids flutter shut, and John trickles hot wax all over the eye sockets, effectively sealing them. The white stearin runs in rivulets down Sherlock’s face, like ghostly tears, even paler than his alabaster cheekbones. He looks like carved in marble.
“You'd be such a good boy, wouldn't you? Servicing your Mummy under the dinner table while the rest of the family eats supper. Or in her bed, kneeling naked between her thighs, sucking at her twat, playing with her large nipples. Anytime she asks. Perhaps Daddy would cheer you on, tell you what to do, because you are not very experienced with mature women... How to use your mouth, your fingers...”
Sherlock closes his eyes, ashamed, and nods as John's hand slips between his abdomen and the wood he's been pressed against to start massaging his belly.
John has stopped dating, Sherlock has noticed. Most days he comes home straight after the clinic and spends the evenings in. Sherlock knows that John is looking at him when he thinks he can't see and wonders what that might mean.
John pushes his chest down onto the table again. He's aware that Sherlock can't take any more spanking. Nevertheless, his ordeal is far from over yet.
“Now, gentlemen, please, be my guests. Have at him.” John has opened a drawer and hands out condoms. “Sherlock, sweetheart, don't you think you could be a bit more... accommodating to our guests?”
Sherlock does as he's told, still slightly dazed. He kneels on the shiny parquet floor, sporting a massive erection. Irene caresses his chest with the crop, stroking the tip over his right nipple, and Sherlock moans, throwing back his head and leaning into the touch. John sits up on the chaise lounge, looking at Sherlock somewhat predatory.
“Whatever. Names don't mean much here, Ormond.” He rolls the unusual name around his tongue as if savouring its sound. The man has only a light Italian accent. He sounds American in fact. “I'm Mario Acri. Welcome to my little soiree. I take it you come via Bruno?”
They arrive at ten sharp in front of a white town house at Eaton Square, one of the most expensive neighbourhoods in London. Miss Adler's work seems to pay off nicely, Sherlock muses, as he exits the cab and let's John pay the fare (well, if he can afford such services as rendered by Miss Alder, he can surely afford a cab ride as well). Sherlock is dressed in another slim black suit (not the one from yesterday, for obvious reasons; Sherlock is still not sure how to explain the stains to his trusted dry cleaner's) and a tight white shirt that elegantly hugs his lean frame.
“Take the carbon rod to finish this.” Mycroft says, his voice dark, and John does, even if he hesitates a fraction.
When he kneels down again behind Sherlock, time seems to stop. There's an odd, squeaking sound, before what feels like four fingers are pushed deep inside Sherlock's stretched arse without warning, all at once. More cold piss starts to ooze out, running down the back of Sherlock's legs where gooseflesh is forming in its wake. The thick rubber wall of the plug makes it impossible for Sherlock to feel much of John's touch, but he still senses that something is odd.
But John only shakes his head after a few minutes and gets up. “I'm going for a walk. I need some space to think. I hope you are still here when I return.” With that, John takes his coat from the hook in the hallway and leaves.
Sherlock spreads his legs a little wider, pushes up and against the rubber device breaching him, ruthlessly slow, gliding, all consuming. His mind has gone white, static, hazy. Sometimes he can hear John exhale, his breath ghosting over the small of Sherlock's back, making him shiver.
The sensation is unbelievable. Sherlock is so full. But not impaled by an inanimate object, but by the sinewy arms of his brother. John has by now opened his fly and has pushed one hand inside his pants, pumping his cock while watching Mycroft double-fist his little brother. Sherlock's hole is stretched obscenely, wider than even John could have imagined, his rim hugging his brother's arms tight. Lube squelches out of his anus, coating his perineum and Mycroft’s arms in an oily smear, the fine ginger hairs getting all sticky and glued together.
“Yes. We couldn't leave you alone. Not in your state. Despite, we have to talk. But have some tea first. Though, you shouldn't eat as long as you have that tube down your throat. Which will stay there for some time. But that's for later.”
Sherlock nods, dazed, and feels something wet run down his cheeks. He only realises he's crying as he wipes away his tears, staring at his damp fingers.
“Jesus, Mycroft, you are in for a treat when he'll does this to you. So good... come on, deeper. Yeah, that's it, suck me. Harder.”
But first John makes him watch as he puts his arm around the man's shoulder and pulls him in for a deep, lazy kiss. He lets his other hand roam down Mark's chest, all in full view of Sherlock, blunt fingers trailing slowly along the waistband of those tight shorts before firmly groping Mark's groin. There's a zip running from the front of those rubber pants all the way to its back, ending just beneath Mark's tailbone. John starts to open it, pulling it down while Mark watches enraptured, his arm slung around John's waist. They stand close together, smiling at each other, and Sherlock feels a sudden pang of something he's not prepared to face or analyse.
Sherlock is not sure if he's allowed to talk directly to their host. He searches John's gaze to gain permission, and only after a little nod from him does he say: “Yes, very much.”
Sherlock can't answer verbally but his eyes look up at John's face, grateful, happy, relieved. It's over. He made it through. They finally redeemed him. He'll do everything for them right now. He feels owned, controlled, dependent – and it's a good feeling.
“You were right. That was an interesting and rather inspiring case.” John smiles up at Sherlock, who grins back at him and licks his lips.
“Miss Adler will be with you in a few moments.” The maid/housekeeper/PA informs them before sweeping out of the room. John sits down and crosses his legs. Sherlock paces the room and takes in every detail – barely visible red wine stains on the thick white carpet, the pictures original paintings by Mondrian, Magritte and Kokoschka, the sofas being at least 18 months old and still no one's had sex on them – until John coughs once: When Sherlock looks at him he gestures towards the empty space on the couch next to him and Sherlock sits down.
But he's cut short when John's free hand presses firmly down on the small of his back, squeezing. Sherlock is mortified when he feels the first spurt of piss splutter from his penis. He tries to hold it in, but once the floodgates have opened, there's no holding back. Despite his futile efforts to clench his muscles, more piss flows form his urethra. It's no use. He's helplessly pissing himself in front of his brother, surrendering to the humiliation. Accepting what is made of him finally allows him to relax, and he just let's it all out, a hot stream of piss running down his legs and over his feet, soaking the expensive carpet. He might be crying, he's not sure, for he's almost too far gone to realise what is happening to him anymore.
John arrives in Berlin at the new, slightly futuristic main train station on a Wednesday evening. He only had sporadic contact with Sherlock over the past two weeks, mostly short SMS, send from a burner phone. But a few days back, he had written Sherlock an old-fashioned letter that contained rather specific requests for his preparation. He's curious if Sherlock had been able to meet them.
Toby whistles through his teeth, then takes a look at Mycroft and John before turning towards Sherlock again. “Man, they did a real number on you, didn't they?”
“No... not really.” A push, a hiss. “A bit.” Sherlock answers, his words cut off by rough gasps for air.
“Move.” Comes the order in the soft Irish lilt Sherlock by now hates passionately. It's accompanied by yet another hard smack to his backside. “Fuck him.”
“Careful. This will need some time to heal.” John takes Sherlock's hand and presses a kiss to his palm to hide how overwhelmed he is by Sherlock's admission.
Out on the corridor, John leans in and whispers: “Now, how desperate are you to find out what Sergeant Donovan can do with that riding crop?”
“Lean back.” Mycroft takes Sherlock's ankles and drapes his legs over the leg-rests before fastening  leather straps above and below his knees. The leg-rests are then spread at almost 90 degrees and secured with bolts to stay in position. Sherlock's arms are tied to the armrests in a similar fashion, one strap around his biceps, one around his wrists.
“I understand.” John murmurs against Sherlock's lips, cupping his face in his palm. “I do. I've got you.” Sherlock closes his eyes and leans in as John deepens the kiss. He leads, entwining their tongues, nibbling at Sherlock's bottom lips, and Sherlock arches into the touch, melting into the kiss. John brushes the knuckles of his free hand over Sherlock's crotch and both gasp as they realise how hard Sherlock is.
Suddenly, Sherlock can feel his balls tighten. His orgasm isn't accompanied by the usual endorphin high, it's just a release of bodily fluids, without any lust or satisfaction. Somehow like relieving himself on the loo. Yet, he managed it. He orgasmed.
Sherlock wrecks his brain to calculate something according to temperature, Molly's weight, height and the size of the freezer, but Moriarty must have given him something else than just Chloroform – GHB? Rohypnol? Ketamine? - because he can't come up with a sufficient answer. Jim waits, having by now cut off all the buttons, parting the thin fabric to take a look at Sherlock's pale body. His roaming hands distract Sherlock further.
The next day at the breakfast table, Sherlock is much faster to comply as he's told to empty his bladder. John opens his cock cage as a reward, allowing Sherlock to jack off while John pushes two fingers deep into his mouth and orders him to suck. Sherlock comes so hard that he almost slides off the chair. Of course, he has to lick up his piss and come, which puts a blissful smile on his face. He becomes more and more used to the taste.
Sherlock nods. If he's allowed to speak he's sure he might somehow talk his way out of this. Not to forget Molly.
“They are. But getting photographed and fingerprinted, with DNA samples taken... We'll show up in some database with our true identities, that’s for sure. And then it’s just a question of time when, not if, this affair will reach Mycroft. If he decides to look into it, I doubt we'll be able to hide for much longer.”
“Greg, get a SWAT team. I'm requesting a helicopter, and will call in a few favours.” Mycroft gets his phone out and starts dialling, but is interrupted by John's hand on his arm.
He has to repeat the procedure eight times until Sherlock eventually stirs beneath him. A weak cough emanates from his throat. John breathes in three more times until he can feel Sherlock's chest inflate of his own accord under his fingers. His pulse is back as well, beating steadily.
Sherlock swallows. “Thank you, John.” The relieve is audible in his tone. His gaze wanders over to the riding crop on the table and lingers there. John tries very hard to suppress a grin.
While Sherlock sips his water, John goes over to get his suitcase he's left in the corridor. When he returns, he's carrying what looks like a shoebox back to the living room.
The party takes place in a grand villa on a hill outside Florence. Arriving at the gate by cab, John presses the bell and is requested to give a code word.
“Take the bowl.” John presses it into Sherlock's hands. It now sits between them on the mattress. John takes his already stiffening cock in hand and starts to fist it languidly while he watches Sherlock's eyes go wide.
He's rather excited. He's never been to such an establishment as a dominatrix's dungeon; and he's very pleased that it's not located in some sordid backyard in Bermondsey or a respectable semi in Croydon, with lace curtains and dwarfs populating the front garden. It could have been cheesy in the extreme – but this seems very sophisticated.
“Oh god, yes...” Sherlock sighs as Greg's fingers push inside him and start to stroke the walls of his rectum.
“Yes. God, yes! His cock is so big, it feels like I'm being split in half. Please, Mycroft, just fuck me harder.”
“You are certainly not doing yourself a favour here, mate.” John steps around the pillar he's been hiding behind, and Magnussen raises his head to look at him over Sherlock's shoulder with those cold, calculating eyes. Sherlock turns a little as well, but John just catches a quick glimpse at his distinctive profile, his face flushed pink as if agitated, his gaze unusually pale yet intense, before he looks back at Magnussen.
The next morning, Sherlock is woken by John rubbing his impressive morning wood against the crack of his arse. Before he's even fully awake, John has pulled the plug out and presses his big cock inside Sherlock, who just gasps as he tries to relax to accommodate John's quite substantial girth. John grabs Sherlock's hips and only stills briefly when seated fully inside. Sherlock is on his knees in front of him, his bruised back bowed and stretched as he's still tied to the bedpost. His vertebrae are popping out from under smooth pale skin; even his ribs are quite visible like this, as skin is pulled taught under John's hands.
“Please...” He sighs, shuffling a little forward on his knees until John's shiny cockhead is almost touching his lips. If he'd dared to dart out his tongue he'd be able to lick it.
Mark's gaze is hazy, his green eyes wide and gleaming. Sherlock feels the heat radiating from his body as he prepares the toy. Eventually, he glances over his Shoulder at Sherlock as if waiting for permission. Upon receiving a curt nod, Mark positions himself above the dildo before finally sinking down onto it, sighing with a drawn-out sound of pure pleasure.
“If you comply with this form of feeding, Sherlock, we might switch over to a much more convenient nasogastric tube in a few days. But that depends on your cooperation.”
“Just suck at my balls. That's it. God, you are such a greedy slut. I really want to show your parents what a good boy you can be.”
“Yet he hates my brother even more. My enemy's enemy is my friend.” Sherlock smiles darkly. “He provided very convincing DNA samples and dental records. I was dead. Even Mycroft believed it. Did you go to my funeral?”
When Sherlock looks up at John his eyes are large and pale. Two bright pink spots bloom on his cheeks.
“Use my arse first. Drinking your piss will be my reward if I’m a good piss slut tonight.” Sherlock moans with his hot face pressed into the rug, already breathless with anticipation.
As he smears the residue over his neck and chest with his free hand while licking the spoon clean, he relishes the sticky wetness cooling his hot skin. It's so filthy that he can't suppress a moan, being coated in numerous anonymous comeshots from strangers.
“What do you mean, Mr Sacker?” The inspector turns in John’s direction. Her eyes seem to bore into him, making him squirm a little in his seat. She reminds him of his old head-mistress – not in a pleasant way.
Sherlock stares down, watching his most tender part being breached and invaded by hard, unyielding metal. It's amazing. It's frightening. It feels indescribable.
Sherlock lowers his head again, but John can see the confusion on his face. “But what can I do, John? How can I make it up to you?” He whispers.
Sherlock answers with a dopey, sedated hum. He looks like he's been hit by a lorry, dried blood all over, yet he seems blissfully content, sprawled out on the bloodstained duvet, wearing his new marks with pride.
The vast main hall is reached via a long dark tunnel. After passing the bouncers, John had checked in their coats, and Sherlock's state of dishabille gets him more than just appreciative looks. While walking down the gloomy corridor, he can feel not only eyes rake over his exposed body. There's a brush of skin here and the touch of a riding crop there. He's glad that John is behind him, in a good position to fight more intrusive admirers off. Which he does once when a big, hairy bloke in leather grabs Sherlock around the waist and tries to pull him into the shadows. There's a brief shuffle to Sherlock's left, a growl and a sharp hiss, before the large paw clawing to his hip is gone.
“And who are you?” John asks curiously. “Please tell me you won't keep up the persona of Miss Violet Smith.”
“I'm pulling the plug out now, little brother. “He murmurs almost affectionately. “And then I'm going to fuck your stretched hole.”
After a few minutes, however, his jaw starts to ache. His face is wet with Kate's juices, smeared all over his cheeks, mouth, nose and chin. His cock is still only half-Hard at best until suddenly he feels someone's finger flicking against the base of the plug inside him.
He closes his eyes and thinks of something else, tries to evoke the memories of the four men fucking him in their kitchen; of Irene beating him with an iron rod; of licking Kate's cunt; of slurping Donovan's piss; of being fondled by Greg, sucking him off in his office at NSY.
“God, no.” Sherlock shakes his head before turning around, kneeling between John's spread legs. “We left all of this behind. We are free.” As if to emphasise his words, he kisses John, deep and languidly. “Can you forgive me?” He mumbles against John's lips.
Sherlock focuses on his breathing, tuning out his surroundings, concentrating only on taking, giving in to the ache. John's touch anchors him in the white fog of his agony. He bites down a scream as the plug is forced deeper and deeper. John gently massages his arse cheeks, trying to spread him even further, to make it a little easier. “Nearly there, Sherlock.” He assures him, and it helps Sherlock to relax his muscle. “You know what to say, come on.”
“Because... because you told me to.” When John smiles down at him Sherlock starts to feel a little better.
While they wait, Sherlock takes his time to let his eyes roam the room. He has a good view from the raised platform he's sitting on. The orgy has progressed. There are entwined bodies everywhere; sighs and moans fill the suite, sometimes overlaid with shrill shrieks or loud groans of agony from the whipping room.
Mycroft has to restrain himself from thrusting, so he counts to ten in his head before pushing in another two inches. No use in ripping Sherlock apart just yet. There are so many things Mycroft wants to do to his little brother first.
John doesn't seem to mind. He hums and gently pulls at the base of the plug. Sherlock groans in response.
“Enough.” John decides eventually, and Sherlock slowly withdraws his finger. His slit is red, gaping a little. John moans softly at the sight, licking his lips. “God, you look delicious.”
From behind a curtain emerges a wiry young man with a black pony tail, every visible area of skin covered in ink. His face (and probably other parts of his body as well) is decorated with multiple silver studs in lip, nose and eyebrows.
Sherlock is entirely grateful that he's allowed to stop stroking himself. Until John returns with a small tin; it has some Asian looking letters on its lid and when John opens it Sherlock can smell the characteristic sharp odour of tiger balm. John puts some of it on his gloved left hand despite Sherlock furiously shaking his head and trying to move away from him. But John just grabs Sherlock's hair again with his right hand and holds him in place while wrapping his left hand around his cock. The pain searing through Sherlock's body at the contact makes him collapse backwards onto the floor.
John smiles non-committally and reaches into his trouser pocket to retrieve a small thin metal rod that resembles a corkscrew.
John suddenly gets up and leans forward, grabbing Sherlock's wrist to still his movements. But it's too late, Sherlock's whole body convulses as thick spurts of semen erupt from his cock, hitting John in the chest and almost in the face. Sherlock groans through gritted teeth as John crushes his bones but he can't stop it, not now, he's coming so hard he almost topples over. Well, he actually does topple over and is only stopped from crashing face down onto the floor by John's shoulder, against which he pants as he tries to suck some air into his lungs.
John has to help him lie down. His arms hurt, trapped uncomfortably beneath him, but it can't be helped. His caged cock rests against his quivering abdomen, the clear fluid leaking from it quickly forming a gooey puddle around his navel.
John fumes. It's a quarter to eleven. Sod it, he thinks, grabbing his coat, running up to his room to take his gun. Who knows what Sherlock has got himself into this time. Better safe than sorry.
“I'm not sure I want you in a room with loads of horny strangers. Last time wasn't exactly my favourite experience.”
“I'm yours. I'm only yours.” Sherlock had panted and John had pulled him up by his hair and had kissed him, long and deep.
“Ok, I think we should establish a few rules before we proceed with this.” John begins, leaning his hip against the table top. “You know your safeword and you are allowed to use it. I actually encourage you to do so if you are really uncomfortable with what we are doing. Otherwise, I'll assume you like what's happening. In case you won't be able to speak we should agree upon a sign from you. I'll stop immediately.”
“But we should clean this up first.” John suggests. “Just imagine Mrs Hudson walking in here in the morning when bringing up your tea.”
Sherlock moves and tilts his head a little to look up at John. John gazes into those bright silver eyes that gleam and sparkle once again with life.
Mycroft doesn't arrive alone in the evening. There are two other black cars pulling into the drive behind his limousine. John waits for the entourage in the hall while Sherlock's in his room, getting ready.
John's and Sherlock's entrance has turned some heads and the circle is opening. Lost in his memories, Sherlock is kind of magnetically drawn towards the young guy on the floor and steps willingly into the ring as John gives the small of his back a little approving shove.
“Mr Sigerson, I’m Commissario Rossi. I’m here for your checks and bookings.” He sets the box down onto the table and stares disparagingly down at Sherlock form heavy-lidded eyes.
“You know...” Something bright flashes before Sherlock's eyes, “I could just open your throat, cut your larynx and slice your vocal cords. But then, I love your voice, Sherlock. I want to hear you beg. And scream. Later.”
It wouldn't be for him. He almost unconsciously licks his lips as he imagines being ordered to clean the china basin, filled perhaps with the excretions of several men. His caged cock gives a sympathetic jerk and John grins at him. “I thought you might like this.” He murmurs, and Sherlock feels his cheeks colour as he gives a small, shy nod.
Sherlock obeys, slides off the bottle and gets on all four, his arse towards John, pushed up in the air. He can feel how open he is, lube oozing out of his exposed hole. He must look a real slut, his rim red and swollen like he'd been taken by a whole gang of ruthless men.
“I'm pretty sure he does.” Sherlock spits out, but John only shrugs. He can feel a violent tremor run through the man in front of him. Greg has noticed as well.
The next three seconds play out as if in slow motion. Upon the noise of the smashed door, Moriarty turns and starts to get up, taken by surprise. John, still stumbling forward, uses his momentum and throws the fire extinguisher in Moriarty's direction, hitting the man square in the chest. Knocked off balance, Moriarty staggers backwards and crashes into a bench, sending lab equipment and tools flying. The mobile slips from his hand and skitters over the floor, ending up under a stretcher next to the freezer.
It takes Sherlock almost fifteen minutes to sew his mouth shut with nine stitches. It hurts like hell, as John doesn't offer any anaesthetic. Sherlock's face is wet with tears, blood running down his chin and throat, when he ties the last knot into the yarn at the left corner of his mouth. It looks quite disturbing – the black twine stands out against his swollen red lips and whitish skin. The seam is uneven. Some stitches are farther apart than others. It reminds Sherlock of the very first attempt of a young Viktor Frankenstein. Creepy. Like in a cheap horror movie.
The stretch burns as Ginger starts to move his hand faster, in and out, in and out. Tears run down Sherlock's face by the time the man attempts to add yet another finger without any lubrication.
John's skin starts to prickle all over. He looks around to find something suitable to use as a battering ram. There's a fire extinguisher mounted to the wall. John grabs it, takes a deep breath, and crashes through the door.
“Yes, Miss Adler.” Sherlock answers, feeling himself blush as he echoes Kate. All eyes are suddenly on him. “Therefore, I strongly advice you to get your temper under control and help me with sorting out this... mess as soon and smoothly as possible. If you could finish this, so that we could start to deal with your problem...?” He gestures vaguely over to the snivelling woman on the floor.
“Come here,” John invites after lowering his cup, and only then does Sherlock pad over to the table. He carefully lowers himself onto a chair next to John. There's still tension between them, but of a slightly different nature than the days before. John gets up and pours Sherlock a mug of coffee – black, two sugars – and their fingers brush as he hands it over.
Back in the flat, John helps Sherlock out of his coat and leads him to the bedroom, where John pulls a hard-backed chair from the writing desk and indicates for Sherlock to sit. John looks down at him for a long moment, admiring his pale skin until gooseflesh rises on his arms and chest.
“Hm, gorgeous. I think I'll lie down a bit upstairs. I had a rather rough night. But I keep the door ajar, in case you need something. Perhaps I'll let you come later, when I fuck you with one of the bigger dildos until you scream. But I'm not sure yet. It depends if you can behave yourself.”
Sherlock's fist blurs on his cock as he pushes up into the slippery, burning tightness. Sweat and tears burn in his eyes. He's holding himself up on one arm and the hand John has stepped on is swollen and hurts but nevertheless, he feel his orgasm approaching. He tries to warn John, tries to ask for permission, but his mouth is full of wet cotton and his head is spinning and this feels so god while John whispers all those dirty things he's been thinking about but never dared to act upon.
Sherlock tries to keep very still when he feels John's warm piss hit his entrance, streaming inside his gaping hole. It must have been somewhat urgent, because it's a lot, quickly filling him up. The tepid liquid sloshes and gurgles in his guts before spilling over, running down the back of his legs, soaking the carpet beneath him. They'll have to buy a new rug, he muses, before every coherent thought leaves him.
Sherlock – or Sven by now – slept on their couch for a few days, during which he established an online history for himself as well as for Ormond Sacker: Facebook, Instagram, Email accounts and so on, using the shared Wi-Fi registered under the name of the main lessee, the father of one of the girls. After three days, it looked convincingly as if Sven Sigerson and Ormond Sacker had existed for as long as their alleged age made it credible.
Afterwards, Sherlock's arse is gaping even more than usual. He's unable to walk back into the bedroom. John has to carry him in his arms, like he might carry a blushing bride over the threshold. Sherlock has long stopped blushing. His lean, white limbs clutch to John's sturdy frame as if he's the last hold of a drowning man.
As they proceed further, what initially had seemed just one enormous hall is revealed in fact to be a succession of rooms, linked by large open double-doors. It's not as if every adjoining room has a special theme, though it seems that people with similar predilections are flocking together.
John and Sherlock share a look of utter astonishment before Sherlock dashes from the room, with John close behind him.
Sherlock catches on and sits back on his heels, looking up at Greg, his face pink and damp, and the sight of Sherlock, totally debauched crouching in front of him, silently begging for his come, finally does it for Lestrade as he shoots thick white streaks all over Sherlock's face.
“John, please, let me explain...” The woman removes her sunglasses. John averts his eyes, staring down at the pavement. “Listen to me…”
Sadly, it only takes a few more strokes for Sherlock to come, shooting thick white spurts all over his belly and chest, even hitting John's stomach, which is enough to drive John over the edge as well. He pulls out quickly afterwards, so that come and saliva run down Sherlock's chin as he sits up and coughs for breath.
Mycroft abruptly sits up at John’s words, realising how far gone Sherlock actually is. “You are right, Doctor Watson. My little brother is enjoying himself way too much. Overindulgent as always.”
“Bed. Now.” John tells him, and Sherlock skitters over into their bedroom as fast as his smarting arse allows. “On your hands and knees. Face the headboard.”
“Are we actually cuddling?” John asks amused, and Sherlock shudders in disgust but moves even closer, resting his head on John's chest, his fingers painting invisible patterns on his abdomen until John can't suppress a giggle.
“I'm sure you do.” Sherlock growls before bowing his head and lowering his eyes, fixing them onto the duvet.
When John comes, Sherlock swallows every drop, licking the glans clean, his lips massaging the ridge of John's cock and suckling the foreskin until John withdraws.
Sherlock steadies Kate by one elbow as she climbs onto the chair and s her legs, knees either side of John's thigh.
Finally – oh dear Lord in heaven! – the door opens. Sherlock barely registers who's walking into the room, he just senses two shadowy figures dressed in gloves and aprons. Somehow, he knows they are not John and Mycroft, but it's not a conscious thought, more of a hunch. He doesn't really care, anyway.
There, John shoves Sherlock down onto the floor before once again hand-cuffing him to the radiator. John pulls the cuffs so tight that they bite into the sensitive skin at Sherlock's wrists, making him wince.
John returns the  smile, but his is much darker, as is his voice as he says: “Oh, you will, Sherlock. And you'll absolutely love it.”
John takes it and quickly fastens it around Sherlock's bowed neck, stroking his thumb over the protruding vertebra just visible beneath his nape. Sherlock shivers. John pushes his hand in the curls at the back of his head and drags Sherlock's head up. His grip is so fierce that the skin tightens at Sherlock's temples, making his eyes appear even more almond-shaped.
Suddenly, John kneels down beside him and presses a hand between his sweaty shoulder blades, allowing him to lower the bucket back down onto the floor.
When he trusts his legs to bear his weight, Sherlock slowly slides off the table and turns around. His trousers fall to his ankles as he bends over and asks: “How do you want me?” He even tries for seductive. He's not sure how much time Molly might have left. Get over with this, then, as quickly as possible.
“Oh, I want to hang your lover out to dry. Sex sells. People are so petty, don't you think, John?  How much they love to see their heroes fall.”
Sherlock's mouth has gone dry at this prospect. John moves closer and kisses him, deep and lascivious, before whispering against Sherlock's lips: “I told Greg he can do anything he wants with you. Aren't you excited what he's up to?” John even gropes Sherlock's cock, his hands hidden beneath the deep folds of the Bellstaf. He can feel that Sherlock is painfully hard; the front of his expensive woollen trousers is already a little damp, as John had seen no need for pants.
A totally harmless, unsuspicious meeting – two ex-pats bonding over being strangers in a foreign country. When they leave the bar, no one spares the bearded Englishman and the young blond Norwegian a second thought.
John picks up the belt and caresses the smooth leather with his fingers before stroking it up and down Sherlock's back, watching his muscles twitch in anticipation beneath taut white skin, decorated with Mycroft's mark. John lets the leather linger there, at Sherlock's sacrum, staring down. Suddenly, he can feel a wave of possessiveness well up inside him.
“Change of plans, Mrs H. You know how things are with Sherlock.” John explains, and Mrs Hudson smiles and nods. John pushes Sherlock up the stairs and politely refuses her offer of tea. “We are just knackered and need some rest.”
“I know you don't want to think about him right now.” John says. “I'll help you forget. Remember, it worked with Moriarty as well.”
Mycroft whacks Sherlock erratically, not minding or caring where the tawse lands – back, shoulders, arms, even Sherlock's neck and face – he just deals blow after blow in sync with his thrusts. Sherlock can't scream anymore, he just groans and whimpers, not wanting his brother to stop. As a fierce stroke splits his lip, he tastes blood.
“No, please, John… please, not that.” Sherlock whines, looking up at John with panic in his eyes. He remembers John giving him enemas spiced with chilli oil back in London. It had been extremely painful. He doesn’t dare to imagine how Hydrochloric Acid might feel inside his abused rectum.
In the middle of the room, a slim boy is riding one of the guests who's lying outstretched on an upholstered chaise-lounge, his hands behind his head. They've gathered a small group of onlookers fisting their hard cocks. From time to time, one grabs the boy by his dark curls and shoves his cock into his willing mouth. The boy moans, sucks and swallows, much to the amusement of the man beneath him who praises him in Italian.
John goes to the same club he went with Sherlock previously. But tonight he doesn't enter the basement. He stays on the dance floor level, mingling with the crowd after his first drink. He doesn't want to leave Sherlock alone for too long – but he also needs to choose someone he likes and who he thinks Sherlock might find appealing as well. Not some drugged psycho or overexcited kid – it has to be someone who knows what he's getting into and who'll accept his lead as well as Sherlock's condition without putting up an argument.
A kind of interlude: The morning after, there are still many issues unaddressed. But they are moving on.
Suddenly, John is gone, leaving Sherlock tied up and spread open on the bed. The door is left ajar, so Sherlock can hear Lestrade coming up the stairs.
Another item John retrieves from his backpack is a black silk scarf that he slings around Sherlock's head as a blindfold.
For better access, John demands that Sherlock gets on all four, fiercely scuffing his perineum, his balls, and again and again stroking over the base of the huge plug until Sherlock pants and begs, whimpering as his aching body is exposed to this rough treatment, his sensitive skin chafing while getting scrubbed raw.
“Take your clothes off, all of them.” John tells him now, bringing him back to the present as he unpacks a few neat bundles of dark rope. Sherlock obeys quietly, folding his linen trousers and light cotton shirt before placing them neatly on the bench.
After a few moments, Sherlock can feel his knees threaten to give out. The high-heels force him to balance just on tiptoe, and the lack of oxygen due to the tight corset makes him dizzy. It's becoming increasingly hard to stay upright. He starts to sway slightly in his brother's arms.
Sherlock reluctantly sits back on his heels and waits. His cheeks are tinged pink with arousal. He blushes even more as John slowly strokes himself in front of Sherlock's face. Sherlock can smell him, can see the salty fluid well up his slit, and it's maddening being not allowed to taste.
They stare at each other for almost a minute; Sherlock's pale face closed of, pinched; John's brow furrowed, but his eyes kind and reassuring.
“Let's try in without restraints first. I'm quite sure we'll have to tie him down at some point but I want him going along with it voluntarily at the beginning. I like it when he surrenders.”
“God, Sherlock, it does turn you on when you fantasise about your own brother. You filthy thing. I'll make you show him your raw red arse with my come leaking out of it, and you will love it, you will spread yourself wide open for your brother and beg him to finger you with his gloved hands while you are kneeling on the floor, moaning like the dirty slut you are.”
Eventually, after long minutes in which he didn't dare to move and just concentrates on breathing through his nose, the funnel finally hits the mouthpiece of the gag. Sherlock is tied up with a gavage device inserted into his body, totally at John's and Mycroft's mercy. He can't move, he can't speak or scream. All he can do is wait and take what they have in store for him.
When John enters the bedroom a few minutes later, Sherlock has taken off all his clothes and is on his knees next to the bed, already half-hard, his foreskin starting to retract, exposing his glans.
“No. I transferred them to a memory stick a while back. I didn't want to delete them, in case... well. But I didn't want to have them on my phone any longer.” They reminded him of things he couldn't afford thinking about if he wanted to stay sane, but these are thoughts John keeps to himself. “I've got the USB drive in my wallet. Always.”
Both men just watch him, utterly silent and surely repelled while Sherlock soils himself, sobbing like a small child; John still playing with the plug up his arse only adds to Sherlock's embarrassment.
“See, John, it's always the same. It's never his fault, there's always someone else to blame. I've put up with this attitude for too long. It's time my brother learns a lesson in taking responsibility. Actions have consequences, Sherlock. This is one of them. Don't struggle, just let Doctor Watson do his job.”
John pounds into Sherlock as he can feel his pulse slowing even further. The bag clings tightly to Sherlock's face. He doesn't move anymore.
“You look so lovely like this, Sherlock, on all four, showing me how much you can take.” John whispers, carding his hand through Sherlock's hair, and the touch and praise somehow ground Sherlock.
The phone had been sitting silently on the mantel for two days before it had chimed with an incoming text not twenty-four hours ago. The number had been withheld but the message had read as follows:
It doesn't take long afterwards. The sight of the sweaty, bleeding mess to which he has reduced his usually so proud and arrogant little brother is enough for Mycroft to speed up, pushing his hard cock deep inside Sherlock's yielding body. Sherlock is making incoherent noises, but Mycroft is also just grunting: “God, Sherl... so tight. You little tart. Filthy! God... you want this... so badly. Take it. That's it.”
John would love to go without lube, just spitting a few times into Sherlock's still gaping hole before pushing in, but even he knows that that might be too much right now for Sherlock to take. He quickly pulls his jeans down and his jumper off, then takes the bottle from the bedside table and slicks himself up with a few languid strokes before climbing onto the bed and lining up, nudging Sherlock's entrance with his fat, glistening cock head.
Hearing such a profanity fall from Mycroft's usually so educated mouth shocks John into a state of acute alertness. Something's clearly very much not right.
Over the next half hour, John collects the bed, blankets and towels and is shown around the house. As he asks if there might still be discarded clothes Sherlock left behind, his father remembers some boxes in the attic. John has to climb a small folding ladder to reach it.
John doesn't let the eager voice finish before hanging up on her, shoving the phone beneath the Union Jack pillow on the couch. He grabs the laptop and stalks back into the bedroom.
John's jaw drops when he sees Sherlock's modification. He had dressed Sherlock up in lingerie as well, but nothing quite like this. The black rubber corset morphs Sherlock's gangly figure, giving it an androgynous shape. Arched feet, lean, impossibly long legs, the round, bruised arse, the slim waist, the heaving chest swelling over the brim of the black rubber hugging his torso, flushed a delicate pink, shiny wet lips hanging open, moaning softly – Sherlock looks like fetish sex incarnate.
“God, this is so adorable.” Magnussen outright gleefully wrings his hands. “Will you stand by this little tabloid whore when I'm finished with him, John? May I call you John? I've heard from reliable sources that you are into calling him your whore yourself.”
Afterwards, John had given Sherlock a few minutes to regain composure and breath, before he'd brought the Glasgow eight's out. They were heavy and cold, but wrapped loose enough around Sherlock's wrists as not to cut or chafe.
“Yes.” Sherlock huffs, blissed out yet still so very needy. His trapped cock truly hurts by now. His bollocks feel like they might explode, especially when John starts to squeeze them, rolling his sac in his damp palm.
When he's sure Sherlock won't pass out, John puts his pants back on before he gets a glass of water from the kitchen – but no towel. Piss, spit and come are apparently to stay. Sherlock smiles, still dizzy, wearing John's bodily fluids like a badge of honour.
But whoever started this, others soon follow. They aim for Sherlock's hole, and some succeed in hitting it. Others leave their slimy dollops on his arse cheeks, thighs, the small of his back... wherever they can reach. Soon, he feels dripping wet. His caged cock hangs heavy between his legs, leaking, aching, but Sherlock knows it will be some time before he'll be allowed to get off.
Not that both men have an eye for the interior after they stepped over the threshold and Sherlock closed the door behind them.
Mycroft nods. “Then it might be actually wise to keep him here overnight. Who knows what kind of coping strategy my little brother might devise otherwise.” Mycroft looks pointedly down his nose  and John would have bristled at the insinuation, hadn't he been bone tired and exhausted.
“You want to offer Sherlock to those guys as some kind of incentive?” John knows he sounds way too agitated but he can't help it.
While Sherlock is happily licking and sucking with abandon, the two boys continue to fuck the pig, their cocks kept hard by their cock rings, all three of them grunting and hissing.
Sherlock's gasps and Mycroft's whisper are enough to wake John. He stirs, yawns, stretches before opening his eyes and meeting Sherlock's.
After washing his hands, John cleans Sherlock with a warm flannel before changing his dressings. He applies ointment and takes a quick look at the sutures between Sherlock's arsecheeks. Sherlock had been positively ripped apart and bleeding. He will take time to heal. Both of them don't feel inclined to dwell on those injuries in particular.
Sherlock nods as best he can and makes a consenting noise. Irene grabs his hair still more firmly and then a dollop of her spit hits Sherlock right in the left eye. His whole body shudders as he wants to turn away, to close his eyes, to wipe his face – but does nothing like this, just keeps kneeling on the floor, his face turned up, his mouth stuffed with her fist, as another drop of spit hits his other eye. It burns, but he doesn't dare to blink. Irene pushes her fist still deeper inside Sherlock's mouth and he can only make a whining gurgling sound as he silently promises her to be a good boy, to please her and John and do what he's told. He only eventually closes his eyes when Irene removes her fingers from his mouth and brings the thumb up to his right eyesocket to smear her saliva all over his face.
“I didn't know I had to.” Sherlock purrs while his cock visibly hardens in his fist, the exposed glans already glistening wet.
He knows there are no guarantees, that the Commissario could easily lie to him, yet he feels he's quickly running out of options. He tries to bargain none the less.
Sherlock turns his damp face up at her, fully aware of how filthy he must look; still, he has no choice but to obey her.
Sherlock doesn't really struggle but isn't cooperating either. “If you insist...” is all he says in answer to John's little speech, as if John had just proposed a game of whist.
Sherlock is so turned on that he pushes into John's touch, trying to rut slightly forward. This is followed by a sharp keen at the back of his throat as the rope tugs much more fiercely on his fresh piercings.
The bedroom is painted a dark shade of pink and in its middle, on a heart-shaped mattress, lies the body of a young man. His limbs are remarkably hairless but that is not the only feature of interest here. The man is dressed up in blue lace panties and wears shiny black hold-up stockings as well as black patent leather high heels. His wrists are still tied in front of him with the same blue lace ribbons that bind his ankles, the two cords connected by a third, immobilising the man and rendering him helpless. A large black dildo protrudes from the man's mouth, stuffed in right up to the rubber balls.
“I have to go into town today, do some shopping, stock up some supplies.” Sherlock's eyes go wide with panic. “Don't worry, I'll take care of you.” John reassures him, leading him once more up into the attic.
Sherlock is almost yelling by now as John plunges into him, speeding up as he can feel his orgasm approaching. He comes buried deep inside Sherlock, pulsing load after load before slumping over Sherlock's sweaty back to recover and get his breath back. When John eventually pulls out he watches his come dribble from Sherlock's hole, running down his quivering thighs.
“Molly. She also provided the corpse my family had to identify. She shot some poor stiff she got on her slab and who resembled me in the mouth with your gun, thereby obscuring his face. It was her way to get even after the whole Moriarty business.”
It's beautiful. Sherlock is is so tight, his soft, warm flesh hugging John's hand and forearm. Obscene. Hot. John licks his lips, breathes, moves.
Sherlock's being difficult. He won't eat. So they make him. It's not an experience he wants to repeat.
Yet at the same time, the whispers in London had died down, and no amount of persuasion – and the occasional arm-twisting done by Lestrade – had brought any satisfying results.
In the following silence, Sherlock reaches a conclusion. He has to come clean. “Heroin. I shot up heroin, two.. no, three times. With a bloke called Victor, and his mates. We went to a party afterwards, at a friend's house. She's a journalist, working for one of those large tabloids that belong to Charles Augustus Magnussen. I know that my brother has dealings with him from time to time. She recognised me. Tried to get me drunk, offered me some pills, asked me if I would stay the night...”
Instead, John gets out a bowl and some cornflakes and pours his piss over it. Afterwards, he feeds the mixture to Sherlock, stuffing his mouth with the filthy munch. Sherlock is coughing and gagging at the taste but John just tells him firmly: “If you throw up, I'll make you lick your puke off the floor. Now, eat up. The longer it takes for you to finish your piss whore's breakfast, the longer it takes for me to bandage your finger. Besides, you have a crime scene to attend, if' I'm not mistaken?”
“Ah, John.” Mycroft says by way of greeting, noticing John's irritation about the unexpected invasion. “These are a few special friends of mine from the Belarus embassy.” Mycroft continues in a language that John thinks might be Russian, gesturing towards him. The diplomats look him up and down and nod, unsmiling, until one steps forward and offers his hand.
And with that, John leaves the sitting room, while Sherlock is to kneel there all night, bound, gagged, leaking – barely suppressing the urge to hump the thin air. But he can do this for John, he will do this for John, and tomorrow, he'll get his reward.
As Sherlock's crouched down onto the floor, his tight white t-shirt has ridden up his body, exposing fresh, pink scar tissue at the small of his back just above his sacrum. It still looks raw and tender, and John only ghosts his fingertips over the marred skin where he cut Mycroft's claim to his brother from his body two weeks ago in Amsterdam.
John is standing in front of him, still lazily rubbing his erection. Sherlock stares fascinated at John's hands as he slowly starts to unbutton his jeans. When John's hard cock springs free it's even bigger than Sherlock would have thought. Despite his pain and humiliation Sherlock feels an odd sense of pride in being the one responsible for this.
“Please, John, let me pleasure you... hit me. Beat me really hard. I don't deserve your attention, but please, use me for your enjoyment.”
“I am... I am attracting attention?” He asks, bewildered. “Well, as I'm chased by a fucking ghost through Amsterdam, what else am I supposed to do?” Hysterical giggles threaten to bubble up in John’s throat, and he has to swallow hard to keep them down.
“Sorry, John, I'm so sorry...” Sherlock's voice is rough with shame. “I'll be good, please, so good...”
Greg does. A few seconds later, they can hear rustling of fabric through the speakers, and then the wet glide of skin over moist flesh.
Jesus, that has been a close call. The shock hits John with delay, the adrenaline kicking in making his body shudder as he peels of the torn bag and the tape.
But apparently, their host has other plans. After he's dismissed the other three boys, the pig has to stay on all four. He's shuddering as if he knows what awaits him. Acri takes a riding crop from the drawers.
When John leads Mark into the bedroom a few moments later, the man's eye go wide in a mixture of surprise and appreciation. Sherlock is lying motionless on the floor, wrapped tight in his black cocoon, a large dildo protruding from his blushing face, his pale eyes open now but unfocused. Their guest has to take a sip of his drink while John explains: “Mark, this is your fucktoy for tonight. I want to watch you getting yourself off on it.”
Sherlock is woken from his deep sleep by John heartily uttering above expletive. In regard of last night, he's not sure where his dream ends and reality sets in. But fucking is right now the last thing on his mind. He still feels queasy and bone-tired.
The boy's clenches his red, tight pucker but under Sherlock's ministrations it relaxes a bit until another drop of white come oozes out. Sherlock catches it with his open mouth.
“Leck mich.” [Lick me.] The man in front of him demands, and that's all Sherlock needs to dive between his arse cheeks and press his tongue against the furled pucker. The man tastes of soap and sweat and something musky underneath. Sherlock inhales deeply, pressing his nose inside the man's creek while parting his buttocks even wider with both hands for better access.
“Those are my pets. They don't have names, just call them whatever you like.” Acri grins proudly. All men are tall, well built, hairless, with huge cocks in different states of arousal kept in cock rings. Their eyes are obediently cast to the floor. “They do anything I want.”
Sherlock stares up at the Dom, the words making him shuffle back a little. The man's naked except for some heavy black biker boots, black leather driving gloves and a tight rubber shirt. His fat, circumcised cock is hard and leaking, but untouched. As the other men look on, some slumping down onto the nearest bench to get their breath back, the German pulls his Asian sub's face towards his cock and shoves it between willingly parting lips. The boy makes a delighted sound as his master starts to fuck his face, eagerly opening his throat to the fierce, almost brutal onslaught.
“Well, as I said, you better hurry to solve it then, don't you think? Despite, you were cleaned out and didn't eat. You should be alright. For a while.” John grins cheekily as Sherlock steps into the shower, looking sceptical.
“Sherlock, there are people on the front door.” She sounds anxious. Sherlock can hear the rattling of the knocker downstairs.
Lestrade steps up to the bed on which Sherlock lies, tied down, with a speculum up his arse, spreading him open, dried come on his face and in his hair, sucking on a butt plug.
Over the past few days, Sherlock had seemed to cope quite well. Yet, during the night they stay at the hotel in Brighton, he's restless and has trouble shutting down. It might be the unfamiliar atmosphere, being away from 221 b Baker Street, lying in a bed that's not his or John's, listening to all the strange noises surrounding them... whatever it is, Sherlock can't wind down. He tosses and turns in the sheets until John is almost climbing the walls.
“I'd love to come all over your back but your wounds are too fresh. I won't risk infection. God, but imagining you covered in my come... Jesus, Sherlock, what are you doing to me.” Sherlock is panting as hard by now as John is.
It takes a while to patch him up and disinfect the wounds. The one on his back will scar heavily. And John's sure one go won't be enough to remove Mycroft's possessive inscription. But in time it will fade, obliterated like the memory of Sussex.
“Good morning, Sherlock.” Mycroft murmurs in his ear. “Did you sleep well? You seemed almost narcoleptic.”
Yet he can't ride it out or slump down to get his breath back. In a hurry, John cuts open the plastic bag with the pair of bandage scissors he's put onto the bedside cabinet. Upon pulling back the foil, he sees that Sherlock isn't breathing. Pulling up his eyelids reveals haemorrhages in the white of his unresponding, glazed over eyes; exploded blood vessels due to lack of oxygen. John feels for his carotid pulse and is shocked when he doesn't find it.
“And what would that be? You know, I could sell an awful lot of newspapers if I made your and Doctor Watson's affair public.”
“Hmmm,” John hums, offering the dish up to Sherlock. “This looks repugnant. I can hardly see the strawberries anymore. Everything's covered in goo.” He grins. “Would you like me to feed you breakfast now?”
Sherlock can feel his heart beat faster. It's true, the boys abdomen looks visibly rounded. His own hand starts unconsciously stroking his stomacg. His impaled cock twitches, making him hiss with the sudden sharp pain.
Sherlock desperately wants to open up to John, but as John orders him to put up resistance, he does, tightening his ring of muscle.
John can't help it, he smiles a little as he strides back over to Sherlock. He takes the abandoned glass plug and squeezes some lube on it before handing it over to Sherlock. “Well, then, put that back inside you.”
“Thank you, John.” Sherlock sobs, cradling his left hand in his right. His pinkie dangles from his fist in an odd angle and has already begun to swell.
In the middle of the room, a scene is just about to unfold. A very young, lean Asian man (barely twenty by Sherlock's estimate) is kneeling in the middle of a circle of older men, all muscles and hairy chests, getting drenched in their piss as they take turns urinating all over his body. The piss is running down his naked limbs, dripping from his soaked fringe as he's smiling almost madly, his hard cock jutting out I front of him. He even scoops up piss from the floor with his hands to deliberately smear it over his cock, his belly, his thighs, moaning with pleasure. He can't get enough.
Suddenly, he's pulled up by his dripping curls. His back strains. Another man slaps his face. Hard. Someone is yelling something at him that Sherlock doesn't understand. Blood is added to the mixture of bodily fluids on the table, trickling from Sherlock's nose and mouth.
Yet he still yells, a high, bitten off cry, as the toy is finally pulled free. And then he is staring at his reflection, jaw dropping.
John locks the door behind them when they reach their flat. Sherlock turns and stares at him. He has been quiet during the train ride. John had let him rest, but now he can see the familiar signs of impatience slowly creeping back into Sherlock's behaviour. He's at the end of his tether, all keyed up, nervous and fidgety.
But it's only granted after yet one more challenge: Sherlock has to put a beer bottle up his arse and fuck himself on it to completion; he isn't be allowed to use his hands. It takes Sherlock quite a while, but John has fetched some lube so Sherlock is eventually able to sink down onto the green glass cylinder. It feels amazing and the men film Sherlock on their phones as he stretches his hole beyond what he thought possible, impaling himself while squatting on the floor, reduced to a moaning, needy thing.
John doesn’t stop when Sherlock starts crying. He doesn’t stop when he starts to beg, to plead, when he promises to be good, to do as he’s told, becoming more and more incoherent. Spit, snot, blood and tears mix on his face as he looses his composure along with his dignity.
John's hand slips from Sherlock's hair and grabs Kate by her pony tail instead. He pulls her up rudely before sitting down in the chair himself, legs spread. Kate's red hair is twisted around John's fist; he brutally pushes her onto her knees until her face about three inches away from his groin.
John gives a curt nod and continues eating his toast. Sherlock sinks down onto the chair and sips his tea in silence. Ok, he thinks, something definitely has changed.
Sherlock floats. He's in the perfect place. John uses him for one of the few things he's good for – taking John's cock, pleasuring him, finding satisfaction in submitting to John's wishes. He drools and gags, slurps and sucks as best he can, slackening his throat muscles to take even more of John.
John uses it as lubricant to jerk himself off in front of Sherlock after Sherlock's own orgasm has subsided, pulling his pants down and fisting his cock. It doesn't take long. He comes all over Sherlock's chest and belly, watching as thick stripes coat Sherlock's silver rings.
John nods, a small smile on his face. “Show me. I want to look at you.” He steps back and gives Sherlock room to undress. For the second time today, Sherlock neatly folds his suit and shirt and steps out of his pants.
“Better save that for later.” He smiles down at Sherlock, who gazes up at him, eyes dark and wide. God, John could shag him senseless right now, but he's sure Mycroft wouldn't be pleased when presented with used goods. Not today.
John bows forward and starts to suck on one of her nipples but his eyes are on Sherlock as his tongue plays with Kate's tits. It is strangely intimate, the smell of those two bodies in front of Sherlock, the sounds they make, and Irene's heat behind him. His head starts spinning; this feels unreal and Sherlock suddenly fears of loosing his grip to reality. What is he doing here, watching John fuck this woman with abandon?
“It's a small scene. I'm sure certain circles know each other...” John seems to talk more to himself as he kneads Sherlock's plush buttocks.
When Sherlock has rubbed some balm onto his fingers and starts to stroke himself John sits back on the couch and watches. Sherlock is squatting on the floor, crying, his face blotchy, his chest heaving, his belly sucked in in pure agony, but he does as he's told despite the pain. The fabric of his pants in his mouth have darkened with spit, tears and perhaps blood.
John takes his time with removing the plug. He teases Sherlock's hole, even stops and twists the toy deliciously slow as the widest part slips out of Sherlock, who is writhing in front of him, almost humping the coffee table but still unable to come due to the cock ring entrapping his erection. The emptiness when the plug is pulled out of him is utterly shocking.
The only thing he tastes is his own come on his tongue. Before John had put the gag on him, he had to service John's arsehole for what had felt like an eternity with his mouth. Not that Sherlock had minded. John had told him precisely what to do, how to lick, lap, suck, pierce and fuck his rim with his long tongue, and Sherlock had been more than happy to oblige. John's praise and obvious arousal, his deep voice moaning Sherlock's name, his warm skin and responding body, opening right in front of him – all that had helped Sherlock to forget the dreadful ordeal Moriarty had put him through.
“Oh... uhm,” he stutters before his brain comes back online. “How about I give you the victory sign then, with my fingers?”
He can feel Sherlock's breath ghosting over his rib cage, fine curls tickling at his side, and instinctively knows that Sherlock is looking at him in the darkness.
Mycroft pulls Sherlock's back flush against his chest and continues to play with his nipples as John puts the chastity device on him. It's heavy, made from gleaming silver metal, with bolts that have to be inserted into the appropriate holes to interlock. The task is made much more difficult due to Sherlock's raging erection, but eventually the last piece clicks into place. John secures the cage with a small padlock and passes the key over to Mycroft. Sherlock's cock is now sheathed in silver, a ring fastened behind his balls. There's a small opening slot over his glans, so that he can piss and leak precome, but he won't be able to get fully hard or come.
He gets up quickly afterwards and pulls Sherlock's boneless body back into a sitting position, propping him up against the large grey couch next to the rug. Still, Sherlock has trouble staying upright until John unties his hands and massages his arms and wrists to get the circulation going again, giving Sherlock needles and pins. After a moment, John wraps his arms around the shaking body of his lover, who clings to his sturdy torso like a drowning man.
“My brother will do as he's told and leave this house with me, now.” Mycroft drives the pointed tip of his umbrella into the creamy carpet to emphasise his order.
“Or what? You’ll sell his secret to the papers? He’ll laugh in your face. My brother has resources at his disposition that will shut this story down before it spreads. No one will print your allegations.” Sherlock looks intently at John, his hands clenching and unclenching.
Sherlock yelps, but knows better then to try to squirm and fidget. On the contrary, he pushes himself into John's mouth, embracing the pain. John pants against Sherlock's sweaty chest until he's finally got his breath back and pulls out.
Sherlock falls asleep soon afterwards, curled up in John's arms. He's looks so peaceful, almost innocent, and suddenly very young in the low light of the bedside lamp. John wishes he could keep him like that, shelter him. His last coherent thought before he drifts off as well is that he wants to hide Sherlock away from the world, protect him from all pain despite the agony they both choose to inflict upon him in mutual agreement.
The box of nitril gloves is still sitting on the desk and John pulls one pair over his fingers. Then he sits back onto the sofa and switches on the telly. “Come here.” Sherlock shuffles backwards, not raising his head, until he's kneeling between John's spread thighs. He shivers.
“Sherlock. Come on, apparently, our host has a surprise for us.” John takes the champagne flute from Sherlock's hand and intertwines their fingers before pulling him to an almost invisible door set in the ornate wall of the room. Acri is holding it open for them, stepping aside to let them pass. Behind it lies a narrow corridor leading to another, much smaller room.
When John steps into the dimly lit bedroom exactly a quarter of an hour later, Sherlock is sitting on the edge of the bed. He has his legs crossed coyly, and the high-heels make them look even longer than usual. The sheer black stockings look absolutely stunning on him. The short satin kimono reaches just over Sherlock's hips, barely covering his crotch; sitting like this, John gets but a glimpse of Sherlock's bulge, restrained in purple lace. The pale skin of Sherlock's upper thighs gleams in sharp contrast to the lace rim of the stocking and the shiny purple satin of the kimono. Its vee reveals Sherlock's flat chest, the skin there still rosy from his hot shower; his hair is still damp and therefore seems slightly longer, as his curls are only slowly springing up again.
“God, you are so beautiful like this.” John murmurs, swiping saliva from Sherlock's chin, only to brush his wet fingers over Sherlock's hot cheeks and fluttering eyelids. “You've done so well.” Sherlock arches into the gentle touch, craving tenderness after this brutal punishment. In the dim light John's eyes look fathomless and his usually so placid features gain a stout seriousness and determination while he admires his work. Sherlock has become John's creature, defined and owned by him and at his mercy.
“Yes, Mycroft, although we might sound a bit... muffled soon, as I'm going to fuck your brother with the receiver.”
“Sorry about that. I put him in his cage for tonight. I think he might've gone round the bend after all.” He shrugs as if apologising. John just sighs. Sherlock blinks.
Sherlock sits back and lets his knees fall open as he watches John put some shaving soap into the tin mug, stirring it with the brush until it lathers. When John steps into the V between his legs and starts to apply the foam around his groin, Sherlock shivers. John drags his double-edged razor over delicate skin, working carefully as the sharp blades slide through Sherlock's thick pubic hair.
“Shh, I know...” John says soothingly, carelessly putting the screwdriver aside to fumble with the strap that holds the double-dildo in place. As he removes it from Sherlock's throat, Sherlock's jaw slackens, his mouth falling open, spit dripping from his lips as he retches and sways slightly. His throat hurts almost as much as his cock as he tries to swallow; his insides feel raw. A sob is wrenched from his body, and he wants to slump forward, but John's hand, planted in the middle of his chest, keeps him upright. He can still feel the faint outlines of the words Mycroft’s cronies had carved in Sherlock’s white skin, despite the scars having almost healed.
"God, you are starting to become the perfect fucktoy." John whispers as he steadily pushes two gloved fingers inside Sherlock's rectum. It's especially tight as Sherlock isn't able to spread his legs and John doesn't use any lube, only his spit, dropping dollops of saliva now and then on Sherlock's hole. But that doesn't seem to be enough for John.
He lies flat on his belly and waits. He can hear John upstairs, rummaging through his cupboard, and the anticipation combined with the friction of the bedding gets him half-hard, despite his still ailing body. What kind of delicious torment is John planning for him to begin his training?
“On your back.” John instructs suddenly in the same tone. His left hand is now only holding his shaft, but he's rock hard in his loose fist. Sherlock's own cock is still dripping precome onto the carpet; he's so turned on he might pass out.
“John will hang this two litre bag filled with our urine to an IV stand and then attach it to your nasogastric tube. You won't be able to taste anything, but your stomach will be slowly filled with piss as it drips down the tube into your belly. It won't be as unpleasant as the feeding this morning, but still, your corset is laced very tight. Instead of your colon, this time it'll be your bladder that’s stretched, with no room to expand. But we think you have suffered enough for today. Therefore, John will now insert a urinary catheter into your urethra. He'll be careful, but it might still be a little uncomfortable. On the plus side, we'll take your cock cage off for that.”
“Play with your nipple rings. Show me how much you want my cock.” John's voice is firm despite his evident arousal. Sherlock's hands fly to his chest as he desperately tries to suck John in even deeper.
“God, you are so beautiful.” John murmurs. “It's such a shame no-one else can see you like this.” A shiver runs down Sherlock's spine at the idea of being discovered like this, tied up and exposed. “You'd like that, don't you? Being caught like this. Perhaps by your mummy? Oh, she might spank your bare arse for being such a filthy boy.” Sherlock makes an undignified sound behind his gag as a thick drop of clear pre-come wells from his slit, making his shaft deliciously slippery. “Or maybe your brother might walk in on you like this. Tied up, with your cock out, just waiting to be used. Would you be a good little slut for Mycroft? I beg you would. Just imagine your brother discovering you like this. He'd come over to you, looking all disappointed and disgusted at your shameless behaviour. And to punish you for it he'd start to touch you, like this.” John twists his wrist and Sherlock makes a high keening sound that perfectly expresses his desperation.
“God, Sherlock, that's me, that's my hand inside you.” And he bites and licks and kisses every inch of sweaty skin he can reach while Sherlock rises, breaths, shivers in front of him, his head lolling on his strained neck, Adam's apple bobbing as he tries to swallow while moaning John's name.
“This will hurt, Sherlock.” He announces. Sherlock just spreads wider and pushes his arse up. On the spur of the moment, he stuffs the damp rags of his panties in his mouth and waits, tasting himself sharp and bitter. He had agreed to this, to anything John wants. He knows it has to be done. And it has to be done by John. He's made sure that the knife is sharp as a scalpel.
“Ok.” Sherlock mumbles against John's collar bone. John tenderly ruffles his hair before pulling away.
John walks off into the gloom but doesn't go far. Sherlock can hear him. Should an emergency arise, he could call out and John would be back with him in no time. Hanging naked from a tree out in the open where – at least theoretically – anyone could stumble upon him both arouses and scares Sherlock.
“He's a quick learner.” John pumps in and out of Sherlock's throat while Sherlock grabs his hips to steady himself.
Sherlock has the nerve to smirk. “God, John. I paid. With money.” He nearly rolls his eyes. “Those dealers are more interested in some dosh or a nice pair of tits than in my cock and bony arse.”
“Doctor Watson. Nice to meet you again.” A warm smile transforms her perfect if cold features ; she looks very young and rather experienced at the same time.
“You're amazing.” John tells him, again and again, tenderly stroking his bulging belly that strains against the latex corset. Sherlock is dimly aware of some shuffling around him and then the vibrator is pushed back inside him, set only to a low but still maddening pace.
“Yes, John.” Sherlock pants, splaying his legs a little more open as he lies back onto his elbows. “I'm so wet for you. My slick hole is just waiting for your fat cock.”
John quickly slings the belt around Sherlock's throat and pulls it tight, never breaking eye contact. Sherlock makes a surprised, strangled sound and his hands clench so hard that his knuckles turn white.
During the whole scene, Sherlock's cock strains and throbs against the chastity device. He even dares to bring one hand between his legs and uselessly gropes his sheathed groin.
Therefore, Sherlock had pushed his tongue deep inside John with abandon until his jaw had almost cramped and his lips were swollen, all the while making John loose, his arse getting dripping wet, ready to be fucked.
Sherlock isn’t offered any tea as he plays mother, but Mycroft feeds him an éclair, glazed with dark chocolate and filled with cream, stuffing it deep in his mouth. It’s too much, and some lands onto the floor. Sherlock only hesitates briefly before he bows down and obediently licks it up.
Sherlock coughs and feels bile rise in his throat. He has to swallow hard as the taste of his own piss lingers in his mouth.
His brother gives in to his heightened state of arousal by loosening his tie and popping open the first button on his shirt, exposing freckled skin and ginger chest hair. It's almost obscene to Sherlock's eyes. Yet he can't avert his gaze.
Mark places one hand on Sherlock's sternum as he lowers himself onto his knees, squatting over Sherlock’s face. His scent is much stronger now, enveloping Sherlock, dark, animalistic and syrupy thick. Sherlock can see Mark's stretched rim flutter, reddened by John’s work.
Yet John orders Sherlock to play with them for hours, to select ever larger toys and fuck himself on them for John's pleasure, moaning like a whore and pretending to love it. Sherlock obeys.
“Well, I know about Irene Adler's establishment that you both frequented. I know about a certain encounter there with a maid called Kate and another woman, who might have been a police officer. I know about another incident involving four builders. How am I doing so far?”
“Twenty.” Sherlock sobs, his breathing ragged. His cheeks are bright red and burning hot as John touches them, massaging the sore flesh. The power he is wielding right now is intoxicating. He holds Sherlock in his open palm. How easy it would be to crush him...
John is out of the door, running towards the lifts, before the elder Holmes has even had time to finish his sentence. He can hear Lestrade call after him, but doesn't wait to listen. Whatever it is the DI wanted to tell him, it wouldn't have stopped John anyway.
“We are not done yet.” He says, looking pointedly down at his groin. His jeans can't hide his arousal as the denim stretches around his stiff cock. “You are going to finger your cock while I fuck your face until I come. Now, open.”
“Open. I want to spit in your mouth.” John breathes against his temple. Sherlock's lips part. A fat drop of John's saliva hits his tongue, still tasting of the pint of London Pride he's drowned an hour earlier. “Swallow.” Sherlock obeys.
But Magnussen seems not to notice. “So you are admitting to doing drugs, Sherlock. What else do you want to tell me? There was talk about young boys, very young boys...” He trails of, looking right at Sherlock, starring unblinking at his face with his sharp dead eyes. Sherlock's flinches a little and shrugs as if embarrassed.
“I see what you mean, Doctor Watson. He still has a lot to learn. Listen, pretty boy, it's not you who'll get sucked off. Kate, take your place.”
In retrospect, Sherlock doubts that this was the ideal moment for his stomach to decide to exit its content, but, judging by the following projectile vomiting, it couldn't been helped. When his legs give out he briefly reminds himself to better not fall forward into his own sick, and then his world goes dark again.
Sherlock's cock is hard and leaking, straining against his abdomen. Now and then, the tongue of the riding crop just licks it, almost accidentally, and Sherlock's whole body jolts off the bed as every nerve ending starts to light up in a mixture of pleasure and pain.
The last time this has happened, Sherlock had been five years old. His parents had forced him to spent the summer with an ageing aunt and he'd hated every minute of it. Her house was old and dark and the toilet had been on the ground floor at the end of a dim corridor when Sherlock's room had been upstairs, reached by a creaking staircase lined with paintings of long dead relatives.
“Oh.” Sherlock throws a teabag in a mug and shovels three spoons of sugar on top of it before drenching it in boiling water. “Where's Mycroft?”
Clear fluid is continuously leaking from Sherlock's tortured cock, forming a gooey bead connecting with the wet rug beneath him. His balls are already drawn tight against his perineum, small and hard. John pinches them and Sherlock gasps, his muscles knotting in a desperate effort to keep still and not to jerk away from the pain and expel some piss.
Suddenly, there are fingers smoothing over Sherlock's t-shirt. The young Asian is gathering piss from the floor with both hands, this time dripping it over the thin cotton covering Sherlock's chest. It quickly gets translucent, showing off Sherlock's pierced nipples, which earns him another round of ardent appreciation. The wet fabric, damp with the effusions of several strangers, clings to his light frame like a second skin. It's one of the most erotic sensations he's ever experienced.
John nods. “Yeah, but you can't really make out any faces, can you? It's too dark, and too poor quality.”
When the bath is ready, John helps Sherlock get up and guides him slowly over to the bathroom. Mycroft assists in lowering the abused body in the large tub. Sherlock hisses as he sits down, and takes his time to tentatively stretch out. His whole body hurts, the skin broken, bruised, the muscles epitonic and stiff from the strenuous fucking and beating. As John takes a soft sponge to carefully soap Sherlock’s battered back, Mycroft leaves the bathroom, only to return after a moment with two whiskies and another robe, this one made of green silk.
They both have to get up for this. Kate's frock isn't only looking vintage – it really is. There are no zippers but loads of hooks and buttons. Sherlock's face is wet, his lips are swollen and his fingers tremble but he still manages to efficiently unbutton Kate's blouse. It's made of fine white silk so Sherlock can see her hard nipples beneath the fabric even before he pushes the shirt off her shoulders. She's wearing a topless white corset underneath, laced so tight that Sherlock might be able to span her waist with both his hands.
“Oh, I’m sure he exactly knows where we are by now. But I doubt he’ll do something to you with your parents in the next room.”
The thrashing he receives is as severe as Sherlock had wanted it to be. John beats him until his whole back is stinging, paying special attention to the backs of his thighs and his delightfully round buttocks, which tremble slightly after every stroke. Sherlock is not wearing a cock ring but knows better than to rut against the mattress without being allowed to do so.
John makes him drink a glass of water, then another, but swats his hand away as Sherlock wants to wipe the come from his face with his gloved fingers. “Leave that. It suits you.” So Sherlock leaves the come drying on his face.
“Yes, John, I'm dripping with it.” He gets up on his knees to show the damp spot beneath him, his cockhead an angry, spongy red, the slit glistening . But he's too strung out to stay like this for long and sinks back down again, a puddle of want.
“You want to tell me?” John flicks one of the clothes pins sitting low on Sherlock’s stomach, and Sherlock’s slim hips buck forward involuntarily. His face contorts in pain when he’s forcibly reminded that John had put a metal rod up his urethra; his eyes roll back in his head as a low growl escapes his throat. “Or do you want to stay like this a little longer? Let me play with you.” John breathes, the words skimming warm over Sherlock's heated skin.
“Unimportant. Some child sex slave from Eastern Europe.” Sherlock makes a dismissive gesture but John coughs and mumbles “Bit not good, Sherlock.”
“Two weeks, maybe three. He'll try to acquire the video. Or to gather material against you. And perhaps against myself as well. We are his enemies now. And Mycroft doesn't take prisoners.” Yet, Sherlock doesn't sound too worried, only slightly intrigued.
“Please... please, John.” His breathing is wrecked, his voice breaking. He's shattering beneath John, loosing control.
Suddenly, the gloved hand in his hair pulls Sherlock away. He gasps with disappointment, as does the boy, but the man above them is just rearranging the scene. He turns a little and steps in between them, spreading his legs as he shoves his cock back down the Asian's throat. Sherlock now kneels behind him, staring for a few seconds at an exposed hole between hairy, muscular buttocks.
John has to use the loo, and as Sherlock is still covered in dried come and his wounds need checking and re-patching, they just tug on their pants and shuffle together over into the bathroom.
“The tawse was used in Scotland and the North of England up to the early 1980s.” Mycroft explains in his crisp nasal voice above Sherlock's screams. “I remember watching thrashings at public school until they were forbidden by the European Court of Human Rights. What a shame that was. It would have done Sherlock much good if they kept it in use.” John hums in agreement. “That's what you get for bed-wetting, little brother. Well deserved punishment, don't you think?”
He takes it very carefully but doesn't put it away. “You want me to... use it?” He asks and Sherlock's eyes go dark as he nods. “While I fuck you?” Another eager nod. “You know that it's loaded?”
Now, he's taking a few steps towards Magnussen, even touches his chest, playing with a button of his grey waistcoat.
When he returns into the living room some fifteen minutes later, just clad in a snug pair of black boxer shorts, Sherlock has put both the cigarettes and the phone down and stares off into nothing.
“Let's get some breakfast. Well, food at least.” John suggests some time later, glancing at the clock on the nightstand, but Sherlock doesn't move.
“Ready?” John asks one last time, and Sherlock nods. John takes up the knife, holds it firmly in his left hand, presses the blade against the tattooed skin and cuts. Blood wells up. Sherlock growls into his gag.
Their host gives him a shrewd glance. He's not a fool, John thinks, and doubts again that it has been wise to attend this party.
“My two sons joined under one roof. Is it my birthday?” Sherlock's mum chirps, blissfully unaware of the undercurrent of those remarks just exchanged. There are actually two separate conversations taking place in the same room. “Mind, you usually don't even turn up for that occasion.” The smile Sherlock's mother gives her younger son is somewhat tight.
And with that, John leaves the room and goes upstairs. Sherlock watches his retreat with incredulous astonishment, seriously shocked while extremely aroused at the same time. The door towards the stairs is left slightly open. Anyone walking in will be able to see Sherlock, obscenely exposed and rock hard.
Sherlock sighs and tries to smile and wriggle, but his face contorts in pain. The belt has left visible bruising around his pale throat. When Sherlock opens his mouth to say something, just a husky sound comes out. He coughs dryly.
“And this is the... object we've been talking about?” She stands right in front of Sherlock and takes his chin in one of her well-manicured hands. Sherlock has no choice but to look up at her.
They've opened the large window in the morning to let in a cool breeze but now it has become a scorching draught searing their skin, threatening to set them on fire. John gets up to close the shutters and take a bottle of water and some ice cubes from the little fridge in the corner, filling a large glass with icy water. He downs it before reaching the bed.
Sherlock does. John pulls his right foot back until it almost touches the tree, then wraps the end of the rope around the ankle. Sherlock's now hanging in the air, just held by the ropes. Most of his weight is suspended from his arms.
John watches him, mesmerised, palming his cock through his jeans. “God, look at you, so filthy. The day will come when you beg me for it.” The bulge in John's trouser is rather impressive.
Sherlock hastens to nod in agreement. Anything, he'll do anything John wants if he only stops torturing his cock.
“If I don't plug him with some huge monster dildo, I'll have to put him in nappies. It's disgusting, really. But I know that out there are some men who are into this sort of thing. I whore him out to them. He has to earn his keep now, don't you?”
When his bag is stuffed, he slings his laptop over his good shoulder, stuffs his Sig Sauer into the back of his jeans (he never puts it in his luggage while travelling, it could get lost or stolen) and makes his way downstairs again. His plan has been to sneak out of the front door after nicking Mycroft’s car keys, surely hidden in one of his coat pockets, and drive to the nearest station, taking the first train back to London. But as he stores his bag in the boot of the black limousine, John feels the urge to take one last look at Sherlock, to bit him farewell and see how he's doing. John had trained him for this, after all. He deserves a glimpse of how his novice gets on. John walks around the front and along the East wing of the house until he stands on the terrace outside of the large sitting room window.
His train of thought is abruptly brought to a grinding halt when Mycroft bites down hard at the junction of his neck and shoulder. Sherlock howls in pain and lowers his head, closing his eyes to ward off shedding more tears. Mycroft doesn't let go until he draws blood.
Sherlock casts his eyes down and bows his head, not sure if he can hide his feelings from showing on his face.
Sherlock groans and struggles against the rope, tearing his skin further. “Please... please, John. I can't...”
Kate rolls her hips gently twice, then starts a slow rhythm, bouncing up and down on John's cock. Sherlock can see that the thick shaft is glistening with her juices. He wants to touch, to lick to be part of this but is condemned to just be a spectator. Still, his cock is filling rapidly.
“Get up.” John growls, and Mark obliges. He's kneeling above Sherlock, his hole still twitching, unable to yet stand on his shaking legs.
He forwards the tape about 45 minutes. At 20:53, a single figure is leaving Irene's house and walks directly towards the camera. Just as the person is close enough, the headlights of a passing car illuminate a face John would recognise anywhere, despite the upturned coat collar. Slicked back dark hair, thin yet poignantly shaped eyebrows, and those intense black eyes that did bore right into his soul as the man did attach a bomb to John's chest at a darkened swimming pool.
“Oh.” Sherlock's mouth forms a perfect circle upon seeing John just in his pyjama bottoms, sipping black coffee. John looks up then and as his gaze trails over Sherlock's lean damp body his eyes darken to an almost violet blue. He stares at Sherlock over the rim of his mug, unblinking, and Sherlock feels pinned to the spot.
John lights one of the white candles, takes it in his hand and squats down next to Sherlock. “Sit back.” He says, and Sherlock hurries to scramble back and sit upon his arse. “Spread your legs.” Sherlock complies, his cock jutting proudly upwards, red and swollen.
When Rossi enters him, Sherlock buries his head in his arms and just waits for it to be over. The Commissario is big. And he doesn’t go slow.
“Would you like a cigarette, Signor Sigerson?” A tall blond woman asks, getting up and offering her hand. “I'm Ispettrice Mondigliani.” She introduces herself. She’s heavy set, with a practical haircut and thick glasses. Yet her eyes are sharp. She’s instantly noticed that Sherlock smokes.
She does. When she's left the room, John quickly brushes the cotton over the sticky mess on Sherlock's belly and groin, despite flaying arms and legs, a bony elbow almost hitting John in the face.
When he starts to fuck Sherlock the rhythm is fast and brutal. It's like being impaled on a rod. Because Sherlock is screaming now John grabs the towel and shoves it into his mouth, only to fuck Sherlock even harder afterwards, now that his cries are muffled.
“Two people are dead, Mycroft. One a little girl, for god's sake! And apparently, Moriarty frequented your favourite sex club. Doesn't look too good to me.”
“You mean, he didn't know...?” Greg sounds partly astonished, partly amused. Then his fingers find Sherlock's exposed prostate and press down. Sherlock moans loudly and almost arches of the bed. “Shut it, whore.” Greg barks, giving Sherlock's arse a fierce slap with his free hand. The other continues to rub the knot of nerves. With Sherlock writhing beneath him, humping his cock on the duvet, Greg turns expectantly towards John.
To which John just shakes his head. “It's not about what you like, Sherlock.” John leaves the kitchen and Sherlock is alone, half-hard and exposed. It's not so much embarrassing as it is strangely arousing.
They repeat this three times. The come tastes more and more like vomit each time Sherlock brings it up and drowns it again. At the third attempt, Sherlock doesn't even need to put his fingers down his throat. The taste is enough to turn his stomach and expel the come again right away. People chuckle.
John has to blink once, twice, before tenderly turning the debauched man in front of him in his arms, stroking his face, his hair... and then they kiss. Deep, passionate, without holding anything back. John arms – one sticky with sweat and ejaculate, the other with lube – hug Sherlock so tight as to never let go, feeling the rise and fall of his ribs and his knobbly spine while he slides his tongue against Sherlock's, soft, possessive, claiming him. Owning him.
The sharp blows feel like an electric shock Sherlock simultaneously fears and needs. John feels powerful, alive.
Sherlock bucks up helplessly when someone pisses on his pierced nipples, and rotates his hips as another man drenches his caged groin. “Der arme Junge,” [The poor boy] he hears one say, and eventually John has mercy with him and pulls the wet cloth from his mouth. Sherlock's lips part greedily, inviting anyone to fill him up, to use his mouth as their piss pot. And they do. Sometimes it's too much, and Sherlock gurgles and spits, but oh, does he love it, swallowing and swallowing until his belly is full near bursting.
Sherlock had soon arched his back off the floor to meet each thrust, his body flushed a delicate pink down to his navel, his hands tousled in his own curls, until John had grabbed his right and entwined their fingers to ground his lover. They both had needed this connection, the sure, grounding touch of a living human being. As their eyes had locked, Sherlock's pupils had been blown wide, two obsidian pools damp with unshed tears; John was sure he looked at least as affected.
John continues to pour wax down Sherlock's cleft until the candle has almost melted. It looks like Sherlock's arse has been flooded with come. John moves over to the pale globes of Sherlock's cheeks, generously dripping wax onto them as well while watching Sherlock writhe and squirm in front of him.
Sherlock takes the tape and wraps it almost blindly around his throat. John gives him another stripe just to be sure that it's airtight. The gun is pressed into Sherlock's face the whole time as John holds it in place with steady fingers.
With that, Sherlock leaves and John follows suit, just shrugging his shoulders in an apologetic gesture. Dimmock nods in John's direction as they both share a look of
John freezes, and the woman holds his gaze, looking calmly back at him. He can't comprehend. Everything around them blurs and fades away. And when the woman opens her mouth – her pale pink, impossible mouth, the upper lip graced by the most beautiful Cupid's bow – and softly says: “Hello, John.” - He just can't anymore.
It's depraved and dirty and so hot that now he starts to buck his hips again, rubbing his cock against the wet fabric until he starts to chafe.
“You are totally useless, Sherlock. You can't even hold in another man's piss and come for a short while.” John scolds him coldly, his voice dripping with disdain.
“Now, get on your feet. I'm sick of manhandling you, carrying you around. Careful!” Thankfully, Moriarty steps away from him, removing his hand, wet with Sherlock's precome. He wipes it on his trousers, looking a bit repulsed.
Hours later, as dusk falls over London, Sherlock is kneeling naked on the living room floor, his hands shackled behind his back with a heavy, stainless-steel Glasgow eight. He's just wearing a pair of flimsy white satin panties, soaked by now with his precome. John had put a cockring on him sometime that afternoon, preventing him from coming but not from leaking. From time to time, John brushes the arch of is bare foot against Sherlock's crotch, nudging his heavy testicles, savouring the dampness, calling Sherlock his horny fucktoy.
