Sherlock awoke tangled in John's arms, feeling his sleepy breath on the back of his neck. He looked at the light coming in through Lestrade's room's windows and smiled. Then he turned over and shook John gently.
"It's why I'm married to my work," Sherlock said calmly. John smiled.
"Is that the problem?" Sherlock frowned. "Maybe she doesn't want to be found."
John was stepping forward but Sherlock's look stopped him. John stuck his hands in his pockets and sighed, looking away. "Are you...okay?" he asked softly.
"Shut up," Lestrade snapped lowly. "Mycroft Holmes is out front, along with our terrorist suspect and several aurors. He barely put up a fight. I'm expected to be heading out there before we all depart." He looked from Sherlock to John. "Well, supposed to be heading out there ALONE."
He started, realizing he'd treaded too closely to the castle where he'd be seen. He stopped in place as Snape strode to him, trying to finish off his cigarette before he was banished inside.
Dumbledore nodded in response. "I have my most trusted staff members looking into it." A mischievous smile twinkled in the old man's eyes. "All two of my most trusted staff members."
"We'll figure it out," John said, grinning. "Just don't leave me behind at home when you do this."
"Greg," John said softly, slowly touching a palm to Sherlock's back, reassuringly. "Maybe not yell until he's calmed down?"
John smiled. "It's been a while."
"Well..." Sherlock flushed slightly. "I'm not." And was quiet until they pulled up at Baker Street. "You get out, I need to go shopping for some things for tonight."
"Drugs?" John asked. Sherlock blinked and tiled his head. "Or some kinda weird hazing ritual? I'd know some things about the latter."
"Well, Miss Adler, let me compliment you on that martial arts kick," Sherlock muttered lightly, pressing the heel of his hand to his eyebrow and wincing. "Let me guess, your girlfriend was hiding by the front door."
Sherlock nodded. He would have to find a way around Snape's requirements so he and John could take the potion, but he had a month to work on that. "Thank you, sir."
"It's not so different this time, maybe," Sherlock muttered. "And anyways, what if the sorting hat made a mistake, and I'm supposed to be in Slytherin?"
But know that there will be some changes to this, because I do not want to stick so closely to BBC Sherlock canon as much anymore. (you'll see what I mean very soon) It will still be the same good growing relationship and friendship of John and Sherlock, and all the BBC regular characters with their personalities (mostly) intact. but a different tone, and a different take on these things.
"Christ, I was ready to fillet your father, Sherlock, if Mycroft hadn't stepped in," Bell muttered. Sherlock looked down uncomfortably.
Two hours later Sherlock was pulling a shirt over his bruised and scarred body and turned to the knock at the door.
"I." Sherlock shook his head, looking away from John as he headed downstairs. "He's gone. No bringing him back. I just-"
"Your brother," John said, showing Sherlock the screen. Sherlock snorted.
A few hours later, Lestrade came through the front door with a shout of "Father Christmas is here!" Mrs. Hudson led him up the stairs, laughing at Sherlock's mortified face.
Sherlock waved him off. "You're fine John--"
"It did, in the moment." Sherlock spoke bitterly. "Can't believe he knew. I mean I can but..." He shook his head. "Dumbledore let me do it, having one request- that I find out some information for him while I was in a couple locations."
"You make a good pair."
"Hello, Lestrade," Bell said happily. "We've only met the one time, sorry to drop by like this." Bell looked to Sherlock and smiled. "However, it's Sherlock's birthday and Mrs Hudson said he was here when I stopped at Baker Street."
"I'm actually gonna go now if you don't mind," Sherlock said softly. "A trip through London will be nice now."
"Yeah," Sherlock said. "Sorry for the accidental win against Ravenclaw last week."
Can I handle juggling three long fics at once? Hopefully. I had too much of a craving to update this.
"Fine, fine," Sherlock sighed.
Other than that, this is about 2/3 of the way through Year Five. I have the ending planned, just a matter of getting motivation to work up to that.
Snow had finally come to Hogwarts the week before. Christmas would soon be here. As the castle began to spout out decorations overnight, it buzzed with students' excitement for the coming holiday. Even the fifth and sixth years, who would have tests soon approaching after the break and therefore work to study during their time off, couldn't escape the excitement.
"I did say I would." John watched as Sherlock put the groceries back into the bag, feeling something tighten in his chest. He wasn't sure how to respond, other than to grin. The rest of the cab ride was spent in silence, John thinking about the milk and beans.
"Of my son engaging in activities that are not becoming of him." William's face reddened and he ducked his head. Fischer shook his head. "And has the word of the others in the photo that they would swear to the reality of it if we were to come after her."
"Old age," Mycroft muttered.
Lestrade looked at him quietly and then sat on the edge of the bed tentatively. 'Are you alright? Did something happen these past few months?'
Neither of them pointed out what they'd noticed about the other, however, and had a peaceful and easy breakfast.
Sherlock blinked.
"You're not leaving us this time," one said nastily. The boy flinched at the voice and the other four chuckled slightly. "No more stupid escape attempts."
John looked at the photo Sherlock was holding and saw Will and a young man who could only be Godfrey on a balcony of a building, behind them the sun setting over what must be their campus. Will was smiling, bright and happy, and Godfrey had a long, lanky brown arm thrown over Will's shoulder.
Sherlock met her eyes again, steeling his look as much as he can. He wouldn't give her away. He looked to John and saw the same look of understanding in his friend's eyes, and felt calmer. But his hands still trembled.
"If you don't want to help with that for any reason, I can understand." He shook his head. "Predatory, is the word for it. Blackmail is predatory."
"You're more emotion than logic. Always have been. I've just been a dick everytime you've gotten logical over a problem."
"Yes."
"Listen, I don't ever talk about that anymore and he wasn't--"
"Anyways!" Sally looked at Sherlock. "Shackbolt is in no way your man. Apparently, he's buddies with Dumbledore, although the other two are also close with Dumbledore."
The three of them had Christmas dinner together; Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson with alcohol, Sherlock stuck with butterbeer. Not that he minded. He was warm and full and happy.
John turned to Irene. "If you're gay as well, you must realize what you're doing to Will."
That night Sherlock answered his phone on the second ring. "John?"
Sherlock stood from the hearth in the leaky cauldron, quickly brushing himself off and raising the hood of his jacket over his head, in an attempt to make himself less noticeable if anyone were to notice him. He slunk out quickly from the crowded pub, and into the crowded street.
"For god's sake, you sleep in the same room. He's quidditch captain, you're gonna have to try out for him."
"Clearly Ravenclaw's best couldn't manage even 3 months without me," he said heavily.
Hopefully, if you're still on board and reading this, you're enjoying it.
"Out, quickly." Smallwood gave them one last look before hurrying away.
what happened," Sherlock said sardonically, standing slowly and shrugging his coat off onto John. John stood after him.
John looked at the black ski mask in his hands as Sherlock loosely held his own, staring out at the cab window into the London night. Both were silent for the duration of the ride; any discussion would probably have put their cabbie off and ruined them for the night. Once they were a few blocks away from Irene Adler's flat, they payed their fee and exited the cab. Sherlock looked over at John, uncertainly, as they made their way to the back of the flat.
He hated it.
"Sure. There's some lights up on every street in London, seems like it."
"No hanky panky," John said solemnly, putting a hand over his heart. Sherlock snorted.
John laughed again and Sherlock smiled faintly, a tremor still in his hands.
"I know, you know." Molly stood. "I had a crush on you for... years." She was going red, yet Sherlock couldn't break eye contact. "Think about it, okay?"
'I'm making myself coffee,' Lestrade called from the kitchen. 'I have that or orange juice, which would you rather have?'
Sherlock's eyes narrowed. "Didn't she have a history back when V...You-know-who was in power?"
John's voice was a low growl and the girl and Sherlock both turned to look at him, startled.
"You two the only ones who live here?" John asked. Nell nodded.
So this ends part one of a rework of series 2.
"That was mental," John whispered, as Sherlock followed him down a flight of stairs, hoping that their shoes weren't making much sound.
Sherlock looked away. "So what was my first year, when you gave me the space to recreate an explosive?"
Sherlock nodded. Then he stopped, hesitating on the step before unlocking the door. "Moriarty escaped."
Comments or criticism to how this one was written would be appreciated :)
"Mrs. Hudson told me last night," Lestrade said. "You never told me, I'd have gotten you something."
"What if we got caught doing anything less reliable?" John asked.
"Is it because of Grindlewald that you were worried?"
Lestrade nodded. "We'll have a team of aurors, and your brother said he'll show up to see it all through. If Moran tries to fight against all of us, he's gonna have a rough time."
"We'll be in most of the same classes then, til we graduate," Anderson said. "Magical investigation is mostly the same courses."
The door to his right opened again and Sherlock got in with a plastic bag that looked heavy. The cabbie began driving again. Sherlock looked over to John and winked, pulling out a bottle of milk and two cans of beans.
"Something that might affect Hogwarts?"
"Not good enough to let you leave without finishing," Bell muttered, looking up to meet Sherlock's eyes. Sherlock made a face.
They held that way for several moments before John broke away. "So what happens now?"
"John you're a genius," Sherlock muttered. "There'll be a hitch. Us getting into the Ministry without being forcibly removed by Lestrade or Mycroft. If they see us, they'll right away think that we're trying to get involved with the Moran business."
"They said you saved my life. Do we know what happened?"
He walked back across the grounds slowly, smoking a cigarette from one of the packs he'd brought to school. It helped him, going out nightly for a walk and a smoke, walking the grounds and thinking, always thinking.
Anderson snorted. "Hope she took it well. Slytherins aren't known to be forgiving."
Lestrade laughed. "We'd be there too, Mrs Hudson."
"Sherl--"
"Oh, please, Mrs Hudson, out of all of us, you've known him the longest. You even met him before Greg Lestrade, and he seems to know alot about Sherlock..."
John huffed. "I thought about if I'd seen any signs, and I hadn't. And then I considered that it didn't matter anyways. Because you're already such a different person than everyone else, what did it matter?"
"And tried to hurt me instead of him?" John asked, incredulously.
John laughed and Mycroft smiled fondly.
"They can be trash sometimes, the Prophet," he said, irked.
He approached John's street slowly, wondering if he should climb up the back drainpipe again so as not to alert John's family and only see John, but quickly decided against it. He wasn't going to make things harder than they already were.
John swing at him again and Sherlock had his left arm up and his right arm going for his wand out of reflex before he could think. He forced himself to think and relaxed, firmly but not violently holding John back.
"But Mary."
"You told me that was the final 'puzzle' from Moriarty, that you'd stay out of it and stay safe while we figured this out." Lestrade put his face in his hands. Then looked up at John. "I at least expected more sense from you."
"What the hell do you mean?"
She didn't say anything, just slowly came up to him and gave him a brief, but meaningful, hug and then smiled softly as his look, turning back and disappearing behind the shelf to where she'd left.
Thanks for reading, see you in the next chapters. :)
John looked up and met his gaze. Then smiled slightly. "Yeah, fine. Meet you at lunch after class?"
"Who is it, dear?"Mrs Watson's shout came from the back of the house and Mr Watson shook slightly.
"Harry's got a girlfriend now?" Sherlock asked, smiling faintly, remembering that John's sister didn't like him too much the first time they'd met. John nodded. "She's what, 17?"
"You'll never
Sherlock slowly passed John in the common room, not even caring why he was in their so late, just wanting to get into his bed, pull the curtains around it, and sit in darkeness.
Winter break had ended. Snow still covered the grounds, but the fifth years had little time to admire its beauty. OWLs would soon be approaching and many, like John, were in a flurry of studying. Sherlock felt he had better things to worry about than his grades. No matter how much John pressed him. He'd come to Dumbledore's appointment alone, leaving John to finish a paper for potions.
"So," he said finally, watching Mary continue to not notice some crumb on the side of her lip and finding it endearing. "I-" he lost his voice somewhere in his throat.
"Not the man, I've been told." Sherlock grimaced. "Had no idea he was close to you, just saw him as someone influential."
"I'm driving you to Baker Street," Lestrade said firmly, as Sherlock pulled his bag gently onto one shoulder, wincing as the pain was almost worse after a night of no sleep. "After that you can decide what you want to do."
(See the end of the chapter for
"It could be a girl's name if you tried though."
"It's not too well-known, you just hear things every so often..." Lestrade bit his lip. "they're dangerous and have a tendency to take care of anyone who knows about them. I'm actually putting my Sergeant on asking Moran if he had any ties with them--"
"Either. Slytherins tend to be privy to each other's conversations. If not for friendship reasons, than to share knowledge." She looked at them both. "Most of us have Ministry ambitions so gotta work hard. Make connections."
"No problem. At all," Lestrade said truthfully. "Tell me if you need anything--anything at all, alright?"
"We tell Will's father that you were gay, and that he rejected you as a friend once he found out," John said. "Fischer breaks contact with you, and we tell him we destroyed the photos. You and Will are free to keep in contact, just behind his father's back."
Nell laughed and shook her head. "Burnt cake wouldn't make a good birthday gift."
"McGonagall."
Dumbledore smiled. "Charles Milverton. Prominent man at the Daily Prophet."
"Oh, please, Sherlock." John put down his quill and met his friend's eyes. "I know sometimes it seems I'm not fully on board. But I'm serious when I say I wanna help. Even if I get angry sometimes or stopped talking to you in the past," he said quietly.
Albus Dumbledore.' "
"Coming from you. You were the one cradling a gun when I got back."
"Sherlock, it's Lestrade." His voice came strong and reassuring, rushing into Sherlock's brain, a glimpse of reality. "We're in London, alright? You're safe. Whatever happened back then, you're safe now. John and I, we're here now to keep you safe, alright?"
"You two friends again, then?" Sally asked. Sherlock smiled faintly.
More to follow.
"My dad's heading out to see some family in America. I'm glad, really. I hate traveling." He smiled as Sally sat beside him and passed him a butterbeer.
"Alright." He shrugged gently. "Either of you seen John around?"
Sherlock took a step forward and laid his hand on William's shoulder. "Are you safe while your father knows the photos exist?" He asked, his voice firm, but gentle. John had only heard him sound even close to this while rescuing Sarah in the bank case they'd handled. It made something in his stomach feel cold and hard when he realized the validity of Sherlock's concern. William nodded slowly.
"Don't act surprised, you probably worked it out the same day."
'I missed you you bloody idiot,' Lestrade muttered. 'Don't you ever pull something like that again, you hear me?' Sherlock nodded silently, not meeting Lestrade's eyes and Lestrade gave a deep sigh. 'What are you doing here? Shouldn't you be with John or Mrs Hudson? Or even your stupid brother, he'd probably want to know-'
"Where are you going to make the potion?" Molly asked. "It's not like Snape is going to let you do that; that's NEWT level or above."
'I...I'll take the couch it's fine with me. I don't know how well I'll sleep anyways.' Sherlock avoided Lestrade's eyes again.
"Wake up, it smells like Lestrade can cook."
(See the end of the chapter for
There is, however, a few places I want to go with this, and I'm looking forward to working on more.
"Interesting?"
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Please." He turned to John. "Well, it seems we're stuck at the moment. What do you suggest, John?"
"Happy birthday, Sherlock," Lestrade said softly. Sherlock blinked. He'd forgotten.
Sherlock scratched the back of his head. "Well, Mycroft said trouble was underfoot. I've been searching but nothing's come up yet. Besides that, you should start letting me help you with your potions again--you can't be an healer without a good potions grade and Snape is known to be ridiculously strict."
Thanks for the kudos and the few comments; it keeps me motivated.
Nell Huxleigh is Irene's companion in the brilliant novel series by Carole Nelson Douglas. It seemed fitting to borrow her name here. Check those books out if the idea of canon Adler going on her own adventures appeals to you.
"You're just lucky no one is over here I can embarrass you in front of," Lestrade said, chuckling at Sherlock. He frowned at the sound of the The Who album. "What are we listening to?"
"You're getting slow," Sherlock accused.
"What's wrong with him?" John asked. "He seems nice, compared to a few of our past ones."
John was deep in conversation with the blonde girl opposite him and didn't look up when he approached. But she did. He noticed her eyes change slightly when she looked up at him and then she was looking back at John, biting one of her nails and seeming nervous. If only he could allow himself to do the same.
"I didn't think they were that strict about who we sat by." Molly blushed slightly. "Besides, you were alone, and you said you wanted to talk to me and-"
"What was last year's?"
"Lestrade thinks the Moran man might be connected to something bigger." Sherlock watched Dumbledore carefully. "Something Milverton might have had ties to."
"But," Mrs Hudson said, standing. "He's no where near as private as that brother of his. Mycroft Holmes is upstairs at the moment, waiting." Mrs Hudson rolled her eyes. "Can't stand the man much."
Irene nodded. "If you're sure that will work, I'll destroy everything on the drive tomorrow morning." Sherlock smiled faintly and stuck out his hand.
Sherlock looked over the table to John, sitting with Bill Murray at breakfast, and then looked down at his own food moodily. Post came and two owls, Mrs Hudeon's fluffy brown and Mycroft's stuffy stern one, landed before him. Sherlock was untying letters from their legs when someone sid next to him on the bench.
Sherlock tried to think of Mycroft naked to keep himself from shouting with laughter again. "you're mad."
He was making another wide turn down at the Ravenclaw end of the field when he heard the screaming.
"Can't believe he had a gun," John muttered. "I snuck into the tower while Lestrade was up there. Heard them discussing it." He didn't mention hearing Lestrade half crying, ending up shouting at his team and needing to be removed. "That was probably just to fuck you up mentally..."
He thought, as he picked up Sigerson, about the reason Dumbledore was so invested in this, the secrets the old man might be trying to hide away. And that made Sherlock even more frustrated. He swore to never bring it up to Dumbledore if he could help it, but everything he dug up on Grindlewald had shaken him. For it to be exposed, well, that would shake a lot of trust people had in the headmaster. They would have to do things carefully and cleanly this Christmas holiday, and be done with it once they got back. Then he could go back to trying to track down whoever had set John's broom on fire, although the trail had been getting colder as time passed.
"Pleasure meeting you, Miss Adler." She shook it, and then John's. Nell nodded to both of them.
"I'm sorry this shit happened tonight," John said softly. Sherlock smiled faintly before lapsing into a frown again.
Sally nodded. Anderson shook his head. "You need to tell me how you did it, by the way. My study group and I came up with several theories, mine was the best, obviously..."
John and Sherlock carried their drinks back to a table in the Three Broomsticks and sat down, sipping them gently, relieved to be out of the freezing air.
They went straight to the common room, grabbing books and parchment, and then settled in at their favorite table by the window to tackle the mountain of homework they each had due by Monday. Ten minutes in, a large dark owl flew in, dropping a folded note onto Sherlock's work and flying out again.
Sherlock nodded, sucking in a large breath and letting it out evenly. He looked over to see Mycroft berating several aurors before the group disapperated. "Hell..." he muttered.
"He just likes the puzzles," John said. "He's not stupid."
Sherlock sighed and held it up. Lestrade laughed. "Interesting choice. "
"And..." Lestrade looked between them both. "Yeah... share the room but don't..." he trailed off, trying to word something.
John felt something was loaded in that statement, but the fact that Sherlock had been so silent since they left the hotel meant something was up, and something he wanted to close off from John.
"Ah yeah. It's been a very busy week." He shook his head. "I read of that Lord Moran's arrest last night, I assume that's why you're holding your arm so stiffly."
Winding down to the resolution to William Fischer's story. More to follow.
"You think there's something he wasn't saying in front of his father." John didn't phrase it as a question. It seemed likely.
'Probably,' Sherlock said quietly. Lestrade met his eyes. 'I just need to rest. I'm sure Mrs Hudson will fuss enough when she sees me.'
Lestrade opened the door and Sherlock stood as Rederick Bell and Mrs Hudson walked into Lestrade's home.
'And for the record, I don't think anyone could break you...'
"John!" she said.
Sherlock looked away. 'Alright...thank you for that.'
"Did you try to get it back in anyway before coming to us?" John asked, as they stood.
John smiled faintly as the four of the separated in the stairwell. "That's so different. Those two. Us. Not fighting."
John nodded, watching him leave. It was about ten minutes before Sherlock got home, during which time John sat in his armchair, trying to compose an email, but instead ended up trying to imagine a mini version of Sherlock dressed as a pirate.
"Sarah and I broke up last weekend," John said slowly, watching Sherlock. Sherlock blinked.
"No." Sherlock looked at John. "I spent a long amount of time figuring out what habits Milverton keeps; he says until nearly midnight on Fridays, well after everyone has left. Good for him to get work done that others shouldn't see."
But he knew he owed John and apology, and the same to Mrs Hudson. He knew he had the responsibility to continue at Hogwarts. He knew he had promised to look into mycroft's problems.
"Yeah. You're not dead and we're both fine, right?"
"He worked for some dangerous people, or so I gathered, let's leave it at that." He sat back, sighing. "If you two were more involved with his death, I'd be worried but..." He looked away. "I'm still worried, to be honest. Maybe that group got word that Sherlock took down Moriarty's gang..."
"It was good to know in case we need to steal it, for some reason. But, no. I think you're right." Sherlock looked up as a light ran started to spatter on the ground. "I'm looking forward to what William Fischer has to say about it all."
Sherlock shook his head. "no. I'll be alright." He looked at Lestrade. "Thanks for putting me up last night."
"And I some about the former," Sherlock said softly. He then looked at John, a slight smirk on his face. "Can't exactly see you as annoying jock boy at uni," he said playfully. John chuckled.
'Christ like hell it is,' Lestrade said softly. 'You look bloody awful right now, do you see yourself? The color went straight from your face a minute ago, have you got broken ribs or something?!'
"You're sure about taking on the Milverton case, then?" John asked as they reached the common room. Sherlock nodded.
"Sherlock would be incapable of that," John said, smiling faintly as Sherlock opened his mouth to argue. "We did come to ask you about William Fischer, though."
John coughed slightly. "Well, I had a chat with McGonagall. And... I talked to Molly a few days ago about it." He cocked his head when Sherlock gave him a piercing look. "What? She was making sure you and I were on better terms. She...checked up on me a lot while you were gone. Anyways, she told me that Anderson and Sally had some words with Flitwick and McGonagall... I didn't believe that they would actually fight to keep you here, even after Moriarty's death made it seem like you were telling the truth. But as it seems like you're on good terms now..."
"Ah, John," Mycroft said, as if John had walked into Mycroft's place and not his own. "How are you?"
Lestrade shook his head, taking off his sweatshirt so he was in a t-shirt. "Nah go ahead. Haven't been to have it looked at yet, we had a sleepover party."
Sherlock handed back the vial, grinning and then kissed John, swiftly. He pulled back, still not quite used to being romantic with John.
. Sherlock took a breath.
"Molly, what?" Sherlock looked around. "This is the Gryffindor table."
It was in a dark black forest that the sounds of running could probably be heard from many yards away that the footsteps were so frantic. But they weren't so terrifying as the sounds of panicked crying that escaped the running boy's lips as he gasped for oxygen, nor the loud angry shouts that followed him as he scampered through the dark.
"Mmm. I believe the first time you hit Moriarty, he was insulting her."
"It's okay to miss him."
The same horror struck him as John's broom hit one of the towering stands and the fabric house colors caught fire along with the wooden frame. But Sherlock didn't have time to think about anything but getting to John, and urged his broom through the fire, managing to grab one of John's limp arms and pull him onto the boom as the fire climbed towards them. Sherlock let out a roar as he sped back out through the fire; his eyebrows might be gone, he registered faintly. As he sped towards the ground, he registered something speeding past his right ear and took his hand off the broom to swat it away. And then realized what it was and, on instinct, closed his fingers around the snitch. He and John toppled lightly off his singed broom and onto the ground.
John smiled at Sherlock and Sherlock scoffed. "Have a good day," John said.
"No no--" and suddenly the boy was a fit of whispers in Polish. The man listened intently, not even questioning how the boy knew of his cheating wife of her escapades with another man at the current time.
John looked at her. "About Sherlock, has he ever had any... girlfriends, boyfriends... romantic partners?"
"Really?" Sherlock squinted at her, reading her more closely. Slytherin, their year. Blonde, small, gentle, DADA and charms focus.... He'd seen her before a few times.
"I think there's something not being told." He shook his head. "Not sure whose secret, or if it will be relevant, but for now let's focus on Adler." He turned the laptop to John and John begin to read.
Sherlock grinned to John as he stood, taking long strides across the room to hurry to the front door. "She will," he said lightly.
"Still a bit dramatic," Sherlock shot back.
Anderson laughed. "I saw you grab that snitch, absolutely brilliant. The Slytherins were calling for a rematch, but Hooch hadn't called the game yet."
"No worries," Mary said cheerily. "It'll be fun." She looked to John. "I'm glad you two made up."
"Christ, I thought we would never get to this point," John said softly, and copied the motion before Sherlock could reply, the second kiss longer than the first. They pulled apart gently, both slightly flushed, but smiling more than they had dared to in the past hour.
“No!” His voice breaks and the next word he utters turns into a hoarse sob. “
This time, Sherlock doesn't back away when John raises his voice.
"I'll clean you up. Stay there," he then says and gets up to go to the bathroom and get a flannel.
“Alright!” Rosie squeaks as she turns towards the bus stop and dashes away, leaving John—and her school bag—behind.
Sherlock stares at his feet, painfully aware of John’s warm, loving gaze fixed on him.
“And why is that?”
“On Friday and Saturday I had to attend a medical convention in Berlin,” he starts. “I flew back here on Sunday, and the flight was the most horrible experience I’ve ever had. It was absolutely frightening, Sherlock. We flew right into a thunderstorm, and for a while we all thought we were going to die. I think even the crew thought so. Everything was shaking, and we kept on falling into air pockets, and then the lights went out… I don’t know – I was just so scared. I thought--- Well, I didn’t want to leave without telling the most important people in my life goodbye, telling them how much--- I---”
"I know we shouldn’t," John sighs even as his lips trail down the side of Sherlock’s neck and then back up again to nip at his ear. "But--- you’re like a
… You sure?" John asks.
When he got back from Afghanistan, John found himself caught up in conflicting emotions. On the one hand, he hated being alone. He hated it up to the point of depression, but whenever he left his dull little flat and tried to escape the loneliness by what Sherlock likes to call, with a disdainful eye-roll,
"Yes," he whispers and does as I say, and I open his bedside drawer to get the lube I know he's keeping there.
… don’t stop!
is even more charming,” I add and kiss his glowing skin, scraping my moustache against his dusky pink nipple in a tender caress.
He is not smiling.
," Sherlock breathes.
… Tell me how it feels…”
“Yes, John… and I’m
"You're wrong."
close…”
He'll be disgusted.
“Either way, the result will be the same. When he’s back, he’ll be safe, and there’ll be work for him to do, which he’ll enjoy. You know what he’s like. And you and I, Dr Watson, will have a person we both hold very dear back in our lives. And don’t you doubt for
It’s happening, John thinks, oh
Sherlock's eyes follow him when he closes his own. They're so beautiful. They're the most beautiful thing in the world.
I feel an impossible wave of relief wash over me at hearing his words, but the implications of what he is saying are not easy to comprehend.
"Sherlock?" John's voice says again. "Can you hear me?"
I fold in on myself when it hits me, and I shake against his arse as I spill myself deep inside of him, my hands still on his hip and cock, squeezing, kneading, stroking to make it last for him, and he cries out again and pushes back against me, clamping down on my cock, holding it inside.
“Is it?”
There's so much blood.
“What was that?” he asks when they part again, and he didn’t even mean to say it out loud, but maybe it’s for the best. “What is this?”
He gestures at his crotch, and when he follows the movement with his eyes, Sherlock can see what he means. While he himself has already managed to talk himself out of his erection quite successfully (his long years of practice proving useful at last), the evidence of John's arousal is still very obvious. He feels the urge to go and
I trail off, suddenly too exhausted to even speak. On the verge of dropping into unconsciousness, I think I hear him whisper a shy declaration of love in response, but I am too far gone to make sure. Too warm. Too comfortable. I feel so absolutely safe, here with him, behind this locked door that keeps the world out. Too safe to care about anything but his heart beating alongside mine, telling me what I need to know more clearly than words ever could. Telling me what I already knew I needed but was too scared to pursue.
“I haven’t done all this in almost twenty years,” Sherlock mutters, and John gapes at him, but he manages to get himself together again quite quickly. He doesn’t want him to feel like he’s being pitied.
The emotions he never allowed himself to feel until it was too late and everything was broken beyond repair.
Angelo, looking polished and proud as always in his black suit, smiles broadly.
"So I came back just in time," he then says, and there's a very subtle question mark hanging in the air when he's finished.
Sherlock has experimented. He wouldn't be himself if he hadn't, and even though the idea of allowing another person to witness him in that state of vulnerability has always mortified him, he knows his body and what it can do if touched the right way.
But he's a little scared.
I’m stammering. She laughs.
“Okay. Little Nutbrown Hare, who was going to bed…”
When Sherlock smiles, John can feel the corner of his mouth twitch against his lips.
She speaks so fast that John barely has time to react, but he doesn’t know what to say anyway. Without his brain consciously telling it to, his hand moves up and over the place where the folded napkin sticks inside his pocket, separated from his skin by several layers of clothing.
He calls in sick for the rest of the week.
His arms come up to wrap themselves around John’s neck and shoulders and he bares his throat, his eyes closed in abandon. John licks into his ear, enjoying the full-body shudder that provokes, and repeats the thrust, a little more forcefully this time. Sherlock moans again and jerks in his arms, his cock twitching against John’s abdomen.
But this is John, and he doesn't know what John wants, and he's so practised in the art of self-protection that he doesn't allow himself the idea of ever going all the way with him.
He closes his eyes and gives himself over to the rhythm – Sherlock is so hot inside that the still warm bath water seems almost cool in contrast, and John drowns in the sensation, his whole middle pulsing,
He pounds into him and comes, spills himself into the wet heat surrounding his cock, and it’s so good that his vision goes black for a moment. He can hear Sherlock chanting his name as if from far away, over and over again.
,” I murmur, and then a sound I can’t control escapes my chest, like that of a wounded animal, and I’m so shocked by it that I begin to sob, loudly this time, and my legs give way and I have to hold on to the dissecting table to not break down, and that’s when I remember that Molly will have to do her job later, and that your body will no longer be whole afterwards.
"You're---
A lot.
“John,” he whispers a third time, and then our mouths meet in the most deliciously gentle kiss I’ve ever shared with anyone.
seldom, a mouth), so, technically speaking, he’s still somewhat of a virgin too.
“First time we met,” she clarifies, as if I didn’t know what she was referring to.
Sherlock’s hands are on his arse now, pulling him down and into himself, and even when he can’t go any further because he’s all the way inside, his fingers are still digging into his buttocks, kneading his flesh, demanding more.
He slept with Mary when they got home from the last establishment they visited with Sherlock (you couldn't call it a restaurant), and he tried to make it all about her, make it slow and gentle and a promise of his love, a promise for what's to come when they're husband and wife. But all the while, Sherlock's eyes hovered in front of his own, as clearly as if they were real, as if the man they belong to was right there in the room with them, and John drowned in them until he couldn't tell anymore whether he was mesmerised or nauseated by the vision.
Sherlock begins to stir. He makes a sleepy, happy noise of approval and shifts his legs to wrap them around John’s.
He presses his lips together and looks away, sinking back onto the mattress.
"God, Sherlock – I hope Mycroft didn't listen in."
“I researched you. Before we met I discovered everything that I could to impress you. It’s a trick. Just a magic trick.”
, if he knew. That would be
“Baby,” I whisper against his mouth. “You’re---
"Challenge accepted," he says. "On three, then."
open to same-sex relationships, Sherlock is sure he'd never fall for
But then they have to break the kiss so that Sherlock can sit up to slick up his fingers, and it all becomes much more real all of a sudden. The other man feels the same – John can tell.
Mycroft gets up.
“Don’t know. I’ll call the headmaster immediately,” John jokes. “Perhaps she’ll make an exception, if it’s only
“You--- you’ll have to show me, John…” Sherlock says, his voice sounding more like himself again – but still a younger version of himself. “I’ve never--- done this.”
Soon.
. Because he's always known he would. Because his life has been revolving around Sherlock ever since they met for the very first time, and he can't escape, regardless of how much he hates it.
---” John gasps, and then the words die in his throat, because Sherlock has found his prostate, and it’s like an explosion of heat deep inside his core.
“Thank… you?” he stammers.
There’s a challenge in his words, a challenge for me to admit my doubts in him, but he also sounds insecure, so I turn to look at him again.
“Hello?”
"Yes, yes,
Sherlock’s voice.
John is still rolling his hips slowly, almost lazily, and the pace drives Sherlock insane. He wants more, right now, but at the same time he never wants it to end.
“Mycroft. What now?”
I can hardly wait, either. I give him a few more thrusts, and soon he starts to move with me, easing me into a rhythm he likes. His eagerness is so mind-numbingly erotic that I have to bite the insides of my cheeks to keep myself in check. I want to be inside him
“Dog bite,” Sherlock argues. “I’ve had that scar since I was a child.”
John exhales loudly, a hint of annoyance palpable in the small sound.
“Devastated,” I finish his sentence for him. “Heartbroken.”
John laughs, and the sound is a mixture of amusement, arousal, and agony.
, in fact…" John corrects him and administers a playful bite to the nape of his neck. Then he pulls his hands out of Sherlock's grasp and moves them down and across his stomach, teasing his navel on the way. "May I…?"
"You love Father more. You'll
now… I---
“Tell me what you want,” he tells him lowly. “Tell me what you need. I’ll give you anything, Sherlock…
"I'll gladly take care of that for you if you give me a moment to catch my breath," he tells him.
He rubs his beard against Sherlock's spine and gives him a slow, loose stroke from base to tip and back again. Sherlock's breath catches in his throat and his head falls back in pleasure, and John growls in response and gently bites the tendon standing out on the side of his bared neck, his hand tightening its grip now.
John places one hand on each side of Sherlock’s face to steady him, his fingers tugging lightly at Sherlock’s curls as he kisses him back. He can feel Sherlock’s lips smiling against his own, and he can’t help but mirror the expression.
was so beautiful.
I’d give my all to never have to part with you.
"I am."
What is it that feels so weird, then?
"Mmmmhhhhh…" he then hums, the sound rumbling all around Sherlock's length, and then his fingertips find his prostate again and press into it, so very gently, and suddenly it's too much, too intense, and Sherlock
"Want me to come? I just took Rosie to Molly's. She's taken pity on us. I'm free for a few hours."
"Tell me," Sherlock pants back. "What--- do you--- need…?"
you--- so much!”
my fault. Who knows what would have happened if I had told you about my plans before---”
He lies back down, rolls onto his side, and draws the duvet up and over his shoulder, making himself small. His body is aching with the unfamiliar effort of crying like this, and maybe it's his exhaustion that finally makes him slow down, his sobs turning into hiccups, his tears drying down to prickling trails of salt on his skin. He wishes he could just sleep, sleep until it's over, until he wakes and finds that the nightmare has ended and John is there, in his room upstairs, or in the kitchen making tea, or anywhere, really, anywhere close by.
“The fact that you don’t know that, John, is exactly the problem.”
Sherlock misses a beat.
"Touch yourself, baby," John groans. "I---
Yet again, he doesn’t let me finish.
Mycroft doesn't reply.
"Hnnghhh," John grunts and reaches down with one hand to tug at himself. "Oh---
," he gasps.
"I used to be," Sherlock then answers, and John's heart sinks. (
now, wishing it never had to end again.
"John," he whispers.
“Oh!” I utter involuntarily. “
"But you love me now, John," he replies, as if it was the most obvious thing in the world.
"Did you sleep well?" John asks. "I've been trying to keep her from crying so as not to disturb you."
Sherlock?" I mumble, not fully aware of my surroundings yet. "What?"
?” I ask.
Watching him wrap his lips around one half of the sausage and then bite it off doesn’t help me to stay focused, and I chide myself for getting distracted (and horny) from seeing him engage in such a perfectly ordinary activity. I feel like all the pent-up sexual energy that I have accumulated during the last two years is now crashing down on me with vengeance, putting me in a state of perpetual arousal. Of course, he wouldn’t be himself if he didn’t know.
"Yes, I remember… We made do, though, didn't we?"
She presses her face against his shoulder.
“My lips are not injured, you know,” he whispers.
“Him.”
Sherlock swallows audibly and goes tense in his arms, and John, already tuned in to his body language, notices right away. Sober again in an instant, he lets go of his cheek and puts his hand on his arm instead.
"I know, love. Come on. There's a cab."
“Sshhh, John…” Sherlock hushes him. “I’m here.”
Mary smirks, and I feel anger rise up inside of me. Why the hell is he covering for me? I went behind his back and had a date with this woman, and he decides to protect me from losing my face in front of her when she asks me whether I tried to go behind
He's not going to go anywhere.
John blinks stupidly when he lets him go and almost stumbles when Sherlock pushes at his hips to turn him around, his reaction time slow, his movements clumsy. It's exhilarating to be the reason for that, Sherlock muses, and then John's arse is right in front of him, two adorable dimples above it, and he leans in and kisses them before licking his way into the cleft between John's buttocks.
We stay silent for a while. He keeps crying, but I think he’s enjoying me caressing his face and his ruffled, sweaty hair, so I continue to do so, keeping my touch gentle and my rhythm steady to lull him to sleep again. Ever so slowly, his breathing evens out.
I give him a moment, listening to him move around on a creaking hospital bed. I want to get him out of there. He should be with me now. I’d take care of him.
Nothing else.
"You worthless piece of
He frowns at me.
,” he moans and then finally,
, his brain sings when he tries to play the violin.
Sherlock, back at Baker Street.
John laughs, lowly and as if to himself.
"Oh, you're in trouble," she says, gloating.
Sherlock blushes deeply; the translucent hue of pink crawls up his face to tinge his cheekbones, his nose, and even his ears, and John can’t help himself any longer. He pulls at the smooth curls winding around his fingers to draw Sherlock in for a kiss.
“John!” he exclaims and smiles broadly. “What a pleasant surprise. Come in! Lestrade was just about to leave.”
“Our d---?”
“Hmmm, don’t be shy – I loved it,” I tell him, and he laughs as well.
He’s lying in front of me in his expensive suit, propped up on his elbows, and if what we’re about to do wasn’t so important, I'd say the whole thing looks ridiculous.
God,” I gasp.
flat. It all looks exactly like it did the day he went away, and it all smells like it used to back then, too. Mrs Hudson's baking, the zesty aroma of tea leaves, the papery dryness of the peeling wallpaper, the well-trodden, dusty floorboards. Even a faint hint of Sherlock's aftershave seems to be there, warm, woody, and barely noticeable, but that's probably just his brain playing tricks on him. Sherlock hasn't been around for almost two years now. His scent can't still be here.
John jerks in his arms.
Swallowing around the lump forming in his throat, he turns away from his reflection. He needs a shower. The remnants of what happened between them are still clinging to his skin and he wants to get rid of them before John wakes up. He couldn't bear saying goodbye like this. He wants to feel composed and in control of the situation, and he's been feeling neither of those ever since the man he believed he had lost forever showed up on his doorstep to turn his world around yet again.
“I think you
John lightly bumps his forehead against Sherlock's before looking into his eyes again.
“Anything for you,” he replies lowly, because it’s true.
This night might be one of a kind, and he'll treat it as such.
And yet, Sherlock wants to so badly.
He's rambling, but he can't stop himself, and Sherlock lets out a long hum right next to his temple and starts to rock against him, tiny movements that shouldn't feel so impossibly great, but somehow do, and John sobs and tries to meet them with small thrusts of his own.
And as I finally fall asleep, I do so with the knowledge that what I told him was not merely a platitude to help him calm down.
She rolls her eyes and flaps her hands impatiently.
“Mrs Hudson… you are too kind. But--- it is a… newish development. Very---
more.
That’s not exactly the answer John's been hoping for.
I shake my head.
Deeper, harder, faster,
“Yes,” he says contentedly. “Forever.”
“Johnnn…
. I've never been with another man, and he's the only one who's ever made me feel like that. It confuses me more than I can say, but up to two seconds ago I'd always assumed that he wasn't interested in any kind of romantic or sexual entanglement with anybody anyway. He’s married to his work, he always says.
“John,” he repeats, and his breathing accelerates. “
"Of course. It's no problem. Stay here."
“I love your scent, John… I’m taking you in my mouth now… I’m sucking lightly…
His lips slide across my temple in a sloppy kiss and he hums against my skin. He’s in my head, in my heart, in the blood pumping through my veins. It takes only a few more thrusts to push me over the edge.
saying in my eyes.
He’s left me alone, yes. I’ve missed him terribly, yes. He almost didn’t tell me, and the thought alone is killing me, yes. But what about him? He risked his health, his life out there, and he was alone, too. I wonder if he’s been traumatised by whatever it was that he had to endure, and I hope he’ll open up when he gets home so that I can assess the situation a little better.
pleasant dream he had, so he keeps his lids closed and revels in the tender, warm feeling lingering in his stomach while burying his face in his pillow to keep out his surroundings – the bleary sunlight filtering in through the curtains, his bedroom, his girlfriend, his real life – for as long as possible. He's not ready to face it all yet.
"Mh---hmmm…
John gapes at him. Sherlock pulls him closer and kisses him on the lips, turning serious again.
I open my lids just in time to see him bite his lip, hard enough to draw blood, and a second later his grip on my hair becomes painful. Liquid heat floods my mouth and I swallow, my eyes still set on his face, which looks its most beautiful in this state of ecstatic relief.
“You ramble when you get nervous?” I ask and send him a small smile. It is adorable to watch him deduce himself this way, but I stop myself from pointing it out. I do not want him to mistake my mirth for condescension. “That’s charming,” I say instead, because it is true. He averts his gaze, and a light reddish flush travels up his chest. “
There she is, the woman he's going to spend his life with. Sitting on their bed, cross-legged, grinning up at him. She's beautiful, he thinks. She's all he needs.
I think I’m shouting, but I’m not sure, and I don’t care. I’m burning all over, my skin slick with sweat, my hands trembling around his head. It goes on forever.
His face falls and he sighs, apparently lost for a reply. We stare at each other for a silent minute or two.
“I’ll never leave you, Sherlock,” I answer quietly. “Never. You’ll never be alone again. I’ll be by your side, whatever comes our way. Okay?”
“So far I’m
"So," he says. "Case closed, huh?"
"I'm not---" John tries to protest, but doesn't really know how to continue.
something. He wants to make himself bleed. He wants it to hurt.
John rests his head in the crook of Sherlock’s neck and smiles. “Yes?”
Sherlock's lips are soft and hot, and John has never kissed so sweetly before. He forgets his surroundings and that he's cold and starving and gets on his toes and tilts his head to lick into the taller man's mouth, and Sherlock's tongue is deliciously shy when he reciprocates, sighing into the space between their faces, breathing John's air.
John is bound to be thirsty, though, so why not?
“Well, it’s nice to see that people are still believing in me.”
John makes him forget.
They lie together in the afterglow, not speaking a word, not moving at all, just breathing, taking in each other's presence, just
After all, he's practised in the art of suppressing emotions, of pushing them away to protect himself, and he's determined to push these ones away as well until he himself believes that he's over it and that it's quite alright that John is going to leave and never come back, at least not the way Sherlock wants him to.
“Maybe. But she’ll be incredibly happy to see you again. You--- It hit her really hard, Sherlock.”
Holmes
, and then he starts to shake beneath me, wave after wave of ecstasy running through his body as he bathes my hand in thick pulses of slick, wet heat.
There's a brief pause, but then Mycroft says: "Well, since they somehow determine each other, I'm interested in both."
"What is it?"
“John.”
“I adore you,” I sigh. “
, maybe, or an
He mewls softly. I wish I could be closer to him now, but his back is still too tender, so I knead his flesh where I’m allowed to touch him and save the rest in the back of my mind, like a to-do list for next time, all the while moving my hips in short, deep thrusts, trying to find the perfect angle to give him stimulation in the places where it counts – it’s work, sort of, but his shudders and cries when I hit a good spot make up for it.
He turns back to face John, a pleading look in his eyes, and John nods despite himself, trying to overcome the despair and fury boiling in his stomach. He takes Sherlock’s face into his hands, runs his thumbs along his brows, his cheekbones, memorising the beauty of it all.
He wakes me up in the middle of the night by pressing himself against my side. He's shaking and soaked in sweat.
She chuckles weakly and looks up again.
"John… It's not your fault."
fault you were hurt. I--- am not sure I’ll be able to forgive myself.”
For a brief, unromantic moment I wonder if I’m okay with this and then remember that this morning’s bowel movements happened
He hums around me and sucks hard, and my hips buck against his face in reflex, eager for more contact, for a faster rhythm, for more, more,
And he turns away.
He doesn't know what to do anymore. John is not going to leave. He'll see it. Sherlock is making him witness it all, and he's never meant for it to happen like this.
"It's snowing," he murmurs into Sherlock's ear, and Sherlock opens his moonlight eyes again and follows John's gaze.
“This is an actual stakeout, Sherlock, not one of your legally questionable investigations.”
The restaurant had been his only lead and he hadn’t been sure what he would find when they set out down the path behind it. It was only by luck that he’d stumbled upon the pine scented trail that led them to the body. He’d known that finding Davies dead was a strong possibility - after all, he had been missing for over two weeks, but the puzzling thing was
They stay like this a while until John’s back begins to ache from the way he’s awkwardly slumped against the headboard. He knows Sherlock’s not sleeping but still hesitates to move him now that he’s quieted down.
“You are Robbie Ross, I presume?” Holmes asked.
Sherlock remained silent but his warm presence at John’s side prompted him to continue.
Chapter 3 will be up within the next couple of weeks. Have a lovely day!
He turned and strode away, leaving John to mumble an apology before following.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Of course.
Holmes looked up at me, a questioning look in his eyes. “Feeling philosophical today, Watson?”
“Come, Watson!” He raced down the passageway, surefooted as if he were running in broad daylight, pulling me along after him.
“Yeah, I guess -” says John, still feeling guilty.
“He hurt John.” Sherlock says, his eyes blazing.
John turned. He felt the blood boiling as his hands clenched inside his pockets. As he drew level with them, Lestrade caught his eye with a warning look.
“Yes, Holmes, and you’re still breaking and entering,” said Dimmock
“Okay, okay.” Molly interrupts before he decides to deduce the probability of her getting some action tonight, “One last deduction and then you’re leaving.”
Turns out that Davies had been frozen in the industrial freezer at the restaurant nearby. It looked bad for the owners, but then Sherlock realized that the employee who’d been seen sneaking onto the property, a man named Jack Hastings, had a history with Davies. Along with the police, Sherlock managed to track him down the next day.
“I’m not unaware of what people say, you know.”
(Written on a crumpled paper in the waste bin)
He lifted the knocker to 221B and rapped twice on the door. A motherly woman emerged, introduced herself as Mrs. Hudson and asked if he was there to see Sherlock.
“I’m fine, Sherlock," he says, "the gun fired into the rocks.”
“From what I understand,” Sherlock continues, “three dates is the universally accepted minimum and by my calculation we’ve had at least three successful outings since this became official although the definition of what constitutes a date is still rather hazy since we always eat together anyway so I’m not entirely sure which meals were dates and which were just obligatory for human sustenance -”
John felt like he’d been awake for days. In reality it had only been one sleepless night, but still, he was in no mood to deal with the tedious questions that came with being found in the company of a gang of counterfeit antiques dealers when the police arrived.
John looked at him blankly. “Grant?”
John blushed, “I was just wondering how you manage to be so amazing at everything.”
Anyway, he figured out that Alexandra Garrideb was named Elizabeth Saunders and Howard Garrideb was really Roger Prescott who was one of the best mechanical manufacturers in the country until he lost his job and opened a locksmith business instead.
7 February 12:55
“His lover was Lord Alfred Douglas,” Holmes said absently, “It was his father, the Marquess of Queensberry, who accused Mr. Wilde and brought about this whole unpleasant affair. Yet young Bosie suffers no consequence while his lover loses his reputation and possibly his freedom.”
John lay in the middle of the grassy field, listening to the strains of music drifting past on the gentle breeze while he waited for practice to start. The sound was slightly muffled by the headphones covering his ears but he’d learned that it was easier to explain the far away look on his face to his teammates if he pretended he was listening to the latest hits rather than admitting he was listening to music on the wind that only he could hear. He only hoped that no one asked to borrow his walkman because in truth there was nothing in there.
“They’re closed,” said Greg.
Only then did I realized that Holmes had not yet released my wrist and I felt my skin tingle beneath his fingertips. I was sure my friend could feel my pulse racing and a blush rose to my cheeks as I remembered what had transpired between us the night before.
“No, he’s more the classic rock sort,” Mycroft said with a smile, “But I’m sure he could put your other talents to use.”
John glances between the rose and Sherlock as he sips his tea, wondering about the meaning of this specific flower. He hates the sinking feeling in his stomach as he imagines some faceless stranger, a ghost from the past, holding this flower in one hand and Sherlock’s hand in the other.
They dropped her off at the room next door that was serving as a backstage area, then made their way back to the main chapel to wait for the Christmas program to start.
(See the end of the chapter for
John rolled his eyes and began gathering Rosie’s stuffed animals to return them upstairs.
There was something in his tone that made Sherlock turn to look at him. John’s face was flushed, though that could be the alcohol, he reasoned. John always bit his lip when he was nervous. But maybe it was just Sherlock’s idiotic confession that had him on edge. But John’s hand was still on his wrist. Sherlock shifted their grasp so he could feel John’s pulse. Elevated.
“So do you, Sherlock,” he says.
John shook his head then asked, “Why’d you leave me outside?”
7 February 14:16
He pulled Sherlock to his feet once more, but caught the look of uncertainty in his friend’s eyes as he glanced toward the edge of the ice.
John relaxed, then realized how odd it was for Sherlock to be sitting here talking to him calmly instead of dragging him down to Molly’s lab to look at the body.
“It’s not where I’d choose to do it,” Sherlock says quietly.
Greg met his unwavering gaze and relented.
This was obviously a lie. The sheep case was months ago. Other than the case from last night, there hadn’t been anything of note. And John’s schedule at the surgery had been sporadic at best. If John had wanted to go out, he certainly could have.
They stood there, John staring up at him, Sherlock trying to deduce what he meant by it, but as always, John was the one person whose thoughts he couldn’t seem to read. He prayed that John couldn’t hear his heart beating double-time in his chest, hoped that if he noticed the flush in his cheeks, he’d attribute it to the heat from the fire.
As a sidenote, Molly deserves to be happy too. Not that she needs a man for that, but she needed more than the
I scrambled to my feet and hurried after him. Years of following Sherlock Holmes on cases had made his habit of running off without explanation familiar, but no less annoying. I had just thought that the last thing I wanted was for us to be separated in this unfamiliar place when a long, two-story carriage came to a halt in front of me, blocking my path. A crowd of people rushed out and I earned myself several glares and shouts as I pushed through them to chase after my companion.
“Are you saying he’s innocent?” I asked.
John smiled. This was one of the many things he’d learned after he and Rosie moved back to Baker Street. Of course, he’d known Sherlock could waltz ever since those lessons before his wedding to Mary, but it wasn’t until they spent Christmas at the Holmes family house that John learned that his friend had been quite a talented ballet dancer in his teen years.
She paused for a moment then added,
John’s breath hitches then he trails his fingers down Sherlock’s chest and slips past him into the bedroom. He drops the rose on the bedside table and slowly unbuttons his shirt. For a moment Sherlock stands rooted to the spot, staring as John bends down to slide his shoes off.
They catch a cab back across town. The sky is just starting to lighten as they pass Millennium Bridge and they watch the sunrise from the steps of New Scotland Yard.
Around us, men and women rushed along, staring at their mobile phones, some with wires that ran between the device and their ears.
In which a conversation is had over a candlelit dinner.
If he does feel a twinge of excitement in his stomach John tells himself that it’s got nothing to do with Sherlock. He’s just happy to be getting out of the flat after being laid up for almost a week, that’s all. Nonetheless he pulls on a rather nicer shirt and pair of shoes than he would normally wear for dinner with his flatmate.
“Ah, good, you’ve caught onto that have you?” Sherlock says.
Sherlock’s voice draws him back to the present, “Go through it step by step,” he says, “You’ve decided you want to die, you’ve decided that this is a peaceful way to do it. What next?”
“I suppose, so she would know how amazing you are.”
After tucking her in, he came back downstairs to find Sherlock still adding details to his house - a neatly scalloped pattern on the roof, and delicate icicles dripping from the eaves. John took a seat beside him. It was like watching an artist work, forming a scene out of nothing.
He opened it to find Rosie, John and Sherlock smiling up at him.
By the time Mrs. Hudson brings up afternoon tea and biscuits John is frustrated and bored. They take their tea in silence side by side on the sofa and finally, after both cups are empty, Sherlock speaks.
Then his brain shuts itself off.
Alright. The original plan was to offer her tea, or a glass of sherry, but apparently Holmes has decided to make fast work of it. I am not at all sure whether I think that his way is better or worse than the tea-and-sherry route, but I know that I am about to find out. I have no choice now, at any rate. Mrs Hudson frowns.
Sherlock watches as John, still catching his breath, looks down at the place where they're joined and then moves his hips in a slow, languid circle, fascination palpable in his gaze.
My hand is sweaty. There's damp heat between my legs, and I can smell myself everywhere around us.
Sherlock wishes he knew what has brought about this change in him, what has become of John "Not Gay!" Watson, but knows he'll never find the courage to ask. Putting it all into words might break this spell, and he's too lucky to have this now to risk losing it by over-thinking John's motives. It's selfish, he knows, and dangerous, but he'll take what he can get, for however long it lasts.
Sherlock doesn't react. John holds him, caresses his skin, keeps him warm. He doesn't allow sadness to come.
"Even now," he whispers. "Always."
, John,
--- so fucking---
"Did you know?" she then wants to know.
“Leave a note when?” John asks, but it's obvious that he knows.
I liked it." He licks his lips and inhales shakily, and Sherlock can clearly see the disgust this memory provokes in him. He doesn't even try to hide it.
“Who’s the impatient one now?” Sherlock asks when John has finally won the fight and pushed the smooth black fabric down his long legs, a little more forcefully than would have been strictly necessary.
He's in a cab.
. Your--- your wounds were still fresh when you came back to me," he states, his voice foreign even to his own ears. It sounds like broken glass.
“Sherlock. Hey. Are you okay?”
What does it mean that he is behaving so strangely now? Is he really feeling guilty? He had warned me of the danger before I agreed to come along, after all. What is it that makes this day different from all the other ones we have so far spent roaming the dark back alleys of this city in pursuit of villains that we knew would take a dim view of being confronted with the consequences of their deeds?
"Are you really scared, John?" Sherlock then asks.
," he cuts her off. "I love you more than I can say."
"I know you didn't mean it. It's alright, John."
Smiling reassuringly, John draws small circles over Sherlock’s sharp hipbones with his thumbs.
, he thinks, and feels more blood rush southwards.
It pains me how little trust he obviously puts in
” he moans, pressing his lips together tightly, obviously torn between shame and desire.
John bites the inside of his cheek and tries to breathe evenly.
With a collective
I hear him inhale, and I almost feel his breath ghost against my groin.
doing it to John. There's a slow ache pulsing in his loins by now, and he can tell John is in a similar state, judging from his deep, heavy breathing and his dilated pupils.
"Yes."
"Why?" I ask.
John kisses him on the forehead delicately. “No. Listen to me,” he says, the firmness in his voice a stark contrast to the tender kisses he places on Sherlock’s skin. “You are one of the kindest, most loving people I’ve ever known. Though you put on this harsh, mysterious persona, you aren’t fooling anyone—not anymore. I’m sorry that people were terrible to you in the past, and I know how much it must have hurt you—and must hurt you, still—but things are different, now. You, like Rosie, are loved by so many, and we would never allow that to happen.” He glances down at the tiny scar on his hand; the one he’d gained by breaking the eyeglasses of a police chief who’d dared to call Sherlock odd. “In case you’d forgotten,” he adds.
John’s heart clenches in his chest.
“I can hear you think,” he suddenly says without turning his head, abruptly drawing me out of my musings.
“What?” he gasps.
John's grin falters and angry pity fills his heart.
“Yes,” I whisper, thrusting faster still. “Yes--- Let go!”
who has succeeded in provoking this reaction in a man who never allows himself to lose control of his own body, feel myself follow suit. Our difference in height makes it difficult to touch in all the places that count simultaneously, but Holmes has bent his head and knees and I have risen to my toes, not even noticing the strain the position puts on the wound in my thigh because his tongue is there now, wet and soft, tracing the seam of my mouth and, when I open it to grant him access, the insides of my lips, insistent and imploring like the man himself, and maybe I should not be as surprised by his passionate approach after all.
She takes a sip of her wine and winks at me. This gives me a little jolt of excitement, but I think it's mostly out of habit. She’s charming. I used to love flirting, and Mary would have been exactly the type of woman I would have gone for.
His best friend.
“Well. Do you still want to have that drink? You look like you could use one, to be honest.”
He’s never tumbled over the edge this hard and sudden before – it’s a bit like fainting, he thinks, surprised, when it hits him and sweeps him away.
Even through the thick denim, I can feel his hot breath brushing me, and my hand strays towards his head to grip his hair.
He pushes his forearms under my upper body and grips my shoulders for leverage, and then he starts pounding into me hard and fast, grunting with the effort of it.
When Sherlock closes his eyes and smiles at the ceiling, giving himself over to John's ministrations without holding back, John suddenly sees the man he used to be, that graceful, otherworldly creature with creamy skin and raven hair, a Greek statue come to life, something so breathtakingly beautiful that John could never really fully comprehend why he chose
Sherlock’s hands come down then and he buries them in John’s hair, his hips still bucking weakly, and John licks him clean and carefully pulls his finger out of him to avoid overstimulation.
…” he pants. “You’re getting close, aren’t you… Mmhhh, you’re
"I'm in the bedroom!
“The physical part is just a very pleasant bonus, Sherlock, a new facet of being with you. And I want to learn all about you in that respect too. And I don’t mean that in a sexual sense only – I want to find out if you like to cuddle, what you’re like the moment you open your eyes in the morning, if you enjoy public displays of affection or rather keep it behind closed doors… everything. I’m looking forward to finding out everything.”
"Sherlock… We can't giggle. This is a--- a
him. Several times. Do you want to abort, Sherlock? We can have you out of there in a matter of days. He always declined. He knew what he was getting himself into, and he chose to do it, because it
like this… Mmmhh, John, so hot inside, so
what's feeling weird.
Now they're together the way John's always imagined it, nothing in between, and Sherlock's scent is even stronger like this, with so much of his marble skin exposed. John wants to rub himself against him to mark himself his and is almost worried that he's already so invested in this - there's no way he'll let him go again, ever.
He exhales through his nose, loudly, and one of his hands slips down to cup my crotch, kneading me gently.
"I’ll go now. I’ll--- be in touch."
Sherlock exhales in relief.
John grimaces, looking desperate with himself. But at least he's stopped crying. They can fix this, Sherlock thinks. They
John takes in his gaunt features, his bald head, the bony hands resting, one on top of the other, against his chest. He's like a tiny bird, fresh out of the egg, without feathers, and without protection.
He slowly opens the door and peers into the room. Sherlock is sitting at the table, stock-still, staring right ahead of himself. There's a steaming mug of tea in front of him, filling the air with the familiar, calming fragrance of Earl Grey. He doesn't react when John steps closer and finally sits down on the second chair.
I hear him sniff.
“Bedroom,” John groans. “If Rosie…”
She still doesn’t answer, but just leans her temple against Sherlock’s chest and closes her eyes. He gazes at me over the top of her head.
“Doctor?” Mary frowns at me and holds out a chart, waiting for me to take it. “This is Mr Smith. He’s complaining about---”
Get Sherlock. My pulse accelerates immediately.
Chiding himself for giving in so easily, he opens his lids. John blinks as if startled, then sends him a crooked, nervous smile.
– could have said to convince him otherwise.”
John is right, he thinks.
“He said I owe him a
No one has ever done something like this to me, and no one has ever spoken words like these to me either. It’s hard to think straight with his tongue pushing its way inside of me, but I still marvel at how he’s expressing his desire. I’m all for dirty talk, love doing it myself, but he’s so delightfully old-fashioned. It’s arousing and endearing in equal measures.
I set my empty cup back onto its saucer, and the low tinkling of china seems much too loud amidst the tense silence surrounding us. He watches me, and I can see the vein on the side of his neck pulse quickly. His heart must be beating very fast; I want to put my palm on his chest and hold it in place.
“That’s it,” he whispers and bites Sherlock’s bottom lip. “That’s it, love. Let go. I’ve got you.”
Trying to get off with Sherlock that night at Angelo's was one of his crazier ideas, born of adrenaline and red wine and Sherlock's annoyingly beautiful face gleaming in the candlelight, and looking back on the very final way Sherlock brushed him off he often finds himself a little embarrassed, but at the same time very grateful that he did. What they have now is so much more and so much better than any one-night stand could have ever been, even though John is sure that even a quick, alcohol-fuelled shag with Sherlock would probably have been amazing – and even though he doesn't really know what it
I chuckle weakly. I’m enjoying myself immensely, but I wish we could be closer.
She makes him sit down at the kitchen table with her and puts her hand on his arm and asks him what's wrong, and he's so exhausted that he starts to cry.
--- for me… baby,” I press out and squeeze his hip so hard that I’m sure it will leave an imprint on his flesh. “Let go… Do it---
“Yes,” Sherlock pants. “
Finally, Sherlock shakes himself out of his stupor. He takes a deep, silent breath, his chest heaving against John's. Then he moves his head and presses a long kiss against his sternum, a tender, chaste kiss that is still filled with so much honest meaning that it makes John feel lightheaded for a moment.
“I can imagine.”
“Mm-hmm…” Even though I approve of the idea, I am too drained to answer properly. Getting up and moving to his bedroom will consume all the strength I have got left. “Tomorrow.”
Time flies past after that, and suddenly it's ten o'clock in the evening and they are alone again. John randomly tidies up some of the mess they've made during the day, his head full to bursting and completely empty at the same time, but when he realises what he's doing, and that it isn't what he
forgive that?"
He smiles fondly at Sherlock from across the pillow before setting a kiss on the tip of his nose. “No need to respond for a couple of days,” he says. “Let’s sleep on it, yeah?”
He barks out a hoarse shout that turns into a sobbing moan and climaxes again, spilling yet another streak of come against John's skin, and John shudders violently, his muffled grunts of exhaustion undulating through Sherlock and surging through the roaring of his own blood in his ears.
“Wh-what?”
." He sounds irritated now. "Calm down. What's wrong?"
"And still you'll leave her to mourn both of you at the same time. You'll make her mother find you lying in your bed, dead, in God knows what kind of state."
"Sor---" he starts, but John doesn't let him finish; he just pulls his hand away and bends down to kiss him deeply, his hips rocking into him, immediately finding a rhythm of quick, shallow thrusts that hit the spot nearly every time.
fucking times, Sherlock! You were hurt when you came back, and I gave you more pain! I’m an arsehole!”
you…" Some more drops of liquid heat trickle out of him and into the space between us, and he looks at me out of eyes that are deep, bottomless pools of desire. "I want to--- come with you," he adds and hooks his arms around my back again, and before I know it, he's rolled us over and switched our positions so that he's on top of me again.
"Half an hour ago you proclaimed your sexual versatility without hesitation. Loudly, I might add," he says.
Sherlock groans and shakes his head, his eyes shut tightly, his hands clawing at his pillow by now.
He's not very scared of dying, but he can't bear the thought of losing John – it causes him physical pain to contemplate a scenario in which John goes away and leaves him behind. He couldn't function. He couldn't
me," he pants. "
"Beautiful," he says again. "You're
I’m happy about that, since it will give us more time to concentrate on each other before all media hell breaks loose. He’s still famous, and coming back from the dead will make him the focus of interest for the weeks to come. The later that happens, the better.
like it," he adds playfully, and Sherlock grins against his lips.
…” he rambles and arches his back. “Take---
"I’ll light a fire for you to warm up. And a cup of tea?"
“Then sleep now, my love. I’ll stay awake for a while. I’ll watch over you.”
“Asks the man who puts on a
He's never done anything like this before.
“Oh… Let’s get undressed and I’ll remind you.”
He's put on his coat and scarf before he even realises that he's moving, and it's so easy to reach for his gloves and take that last step across the threshold.
Sherlock knows exactly what he means.
There are a million thoughts running through John's mind – he's furious with whoever it was that made Sherlock sad, made him feel inadequate and alone, and he's a little upset with Sherlock, too, for allowing people to do that to him, but he's also resolved not to be one of them and show Sherlock that the things he obviously wants to experience are not out of his reach. Far from it.
okay, far from it. John is suffering. John is hurting inside, too. He doesn't
He wants to call out to John when it takes him, but all that makes it out of his mouth is a garbled moan that might have been intended to be the first letters of his name. He can't tell himself, what with the blood roaring in his ears and his heart pounding so hard that he's afraid for his health for a second. He can't breathe. It's too much pleasure, too strong,
"I love you, John," he says, very seriously, and kisses him on the lips.
P.S: I'm posting this earlier because I wasn't sure if I'd be able to on Monday, so I prefer to be sure.
He kept looking away from the other students and walked toward one of the benches outside the library with a smooth and gracious gait. It reminded John of a ballet dancer he’d once seen on the telly, before his father had changed the channel and said it wasn’t a real sport, just a hobby for “nancies”.
Aunt Charlotte wished him good luck when he left, still rolling over one of her overly dry scones in his mouth.
He looked around himself, lost as to what to do next with a gun in hand and no plan in head.
“Won’t you come in, dear?” She asked, looking over her shoulder at Sherlock, who, from John’s seat at the table, looked like a silhouette with glow-in-the-dark eyes, leaning against the door frame, away from them.
“You may go,” Sherlock said dismissively, opening the file.
Thank you.
After that, he’d woken up, in Mycroft’s presence, after only remembering pain and something worse— death, probably— and all his senses had sharpened and he had had no choice but to continue existing with the promise of eternity.
Still, he couldn’t let John look at him with anything resembling pity— even shame— if he found out that the only thing that ever calmed his brain had been those… substances.
“I worry about him
If this person had been around for so long and hadn’t been registered— rendering the mortal humans as nothing else but food— then they just started killing carelessly recently. Most likely to attract attention to themselves.
John merely nodded and smoothed down his clothes, thinking of his Aunt before getting up— just to control a certain situation— and left with a forced smile sent Mrs hudson’s way.
He looked around one last time and deemed the appearance acceptable— maybe the small mess would make it— make him— seem like it was effortless and confident.
That was how he found Sherlock’s shirt falling to the floor as the two of them— so intertwined they were practically trapped together— snogged like the teenagers they were.
John wasn’t familiar with where it was or how far away it was from Baker Street.
There was a chill permanently stuck on his spine the whole way home.
John, confused, wanted to follow, but a voice came up from behind him, calling his name.
The two of them froze in place.
The buildings were frighteningly real. It hadn’t yet really downed on him what everything he was doing meant.
If you were able to keep reading, thank you so much. I hope you enjoy!
“You—”
He heard absolutely nothing from the inside of the abandoned building, so he chanced a glance inside, through one of the least damaged windows: there was nothing to see, except dirt, trash and a bird flying to its nest.
Sherlock threw himself on the couch, groaning into a pillow with frustration. A slight breeze by his right side told him his brother had arrived— took less than two seconds; was waiting for Sherlock to get home; has news that either have to be delivered right away or that might displease him; most likely related to work, since Mycroft does not care about anything else, except maybe annoying Sherlock.
“Is— is Mrs Hudson home? I brought her a pie,” John said, holding up the dessert when Sherlock stopped and turned to look at him.
, which sobered him up immediately.
Thank you for reading! Hope you enjoyed!!
Christmas Holiday, this time from Sherlock's prespective
of you.” John could just imagine himself beating the crap out of that insolent man. How dare he?
He couldn’t risk anything right now, or Mycroft would, once and for all, pull him out of uni and forbid him from using a good lab until he could control himself better, which was undesirable, as he was right in the middle of an important experiment.
I'll be posting (at least) once a week!!
Enjoy!!
A strange sense of Déjà Vu fell over him as he rode the tube and his frown deepened.
In that brief glance, Sherlock’s face had held absolutely no interest— it had simply been as if his name had been called and he looked out of instinct, an involuntary response. Except, he was too far away from them, so it would be inhumanly possible to have heard it.
The same happened with Sarah, although he texted her more often and had an actual connection with her, similar to what he had going on with Mary. She was extremely funny when she wanted to be, but he felt like he had to honour his commitment to Mary— even if he didn’t exactly know what he’d committed to.
Thank you for reading! I love the comments you leave and thank you for the kudos. :D
He placed his largest bag on top of the bed and took out his computer and toiletries. There was only one tiny bathroom at the end of the hall, which he’d appreciate immensely after the train ride.
Pure smut. Pure Johnlock smut!
John, who held himself on his elbows above Sherlock’s head, his legs trapped between two long ones, felt himself hardening.
This chapter is not important to the story so, if it makes you uncomfortable, don't read.
The next chapter will be out until next Monday (maybe sooner, idk)!
Sherlock’s only blessing at that moment was that he could hear every single word exchanged between the two, which Mycroft was probably aware of. Sherlock wasn’t sure what the bothersome man was trying to prove to him with such a demonstration of power— and most likely a couple of threats— but he was curious to hear the exchange.
Sherlock clearly had no idea what he was doing. John, on the other hand, had no idea
We all know Mycroft can be a pain in the ass and he DOES need to get laid.
“Believe me, it is in your best interest to do so,” a voice said, from inside the car. With the chill that ran down his spine, John knew who it was immediately.
Anyway, hope you enjoy the chapter!
He knew Mycroft would offer John money to spy on him. He was always so over the top.
Well, he also wouldn’t mind hearing his name being yelled in another— closer to begging— way.
John didn’t mind. In fact, the place felt familiar.
Never above seven percent.
John's life is out of the ordinary. Otherwise, he'd be bored out of his mind.
God, how could those lips possibly be so soft?
So he went into a manic, frantic attempt at trying to put things in their place.
He turned his face and was met with a hard— he assumed— wall, staggering backwards. No, not a wall, a person. An enormous person.
Hope you liked it!!
(See the end of the chapter for
Once he didn’t have a desperate, after-trip need to use the loo, it’s size caught up to him and made an unfamiliar claustrophobia creep up on his spine, clinging to his skin and making his stomach twist.
But that was the thing: John had an erection.
“Oh, aren’t you a dear,” she cooed at him, passing over one of her bags, which John took with his free hand and followed her down the street, wondering if the woman was very trusting or if he just had an innocent face. “What’s your name, darling?”
“Interesting, that fellow,” Mycroft mused to himself out loud. “He could be the making of my brother… or make him
John couldn’t help but keep going. He couldn’t care less if Sherlock could or could not get hard, as long as he was as much in the moment as John was; as long as he wanted it, too.
“I’m warning you, Anderson, do
Hope you liked this (filler) chapter!!
If he had to keep his shirt on at all times to avoid letting John see the arm— which had refused to heal, no matter how long ago it had been since he’d injected himself— he’d do so gladly. It wasn’t as if John would deduce him.
x x x x x x
“Thank you, Mrs Hudson, really, but I need to get home. Hope I see you around!” He waved her goodbye as he locked the door behind her, leaving John to find his way home.
Sherlock snickered, happy that Mrs Hudson didn’t have his ability to deduce, or she’d see right through him. He had been having trouble enough as it was keeping himself in check surrounded by humans, but when added to the equation a man who was idiot enough to get
She even offered to be Mike’s designated “driver”— she would just be taking him to the subway station, John guessed— after he decided to drink enough to make him vomit before reaching the loo.
The lecture continued smoothly and Mike walked out with him.
Mycroft had even added the opportunity for Sherlock to help with the interesting cases the government was too out of its depth to solve, if only Sherlock managed to return to sobriety.
John knew, deep down, he was overcompensating with thoughts of food to pretend he wasn’t thinking of other things as he made his way to Baker Street.
John's official first time at 221B.
kind— then you must know him rather well.”
It was nice to have a room for himself and space to think, for a change– instead of sharing with his sister; to be able to wank in peace and not hide his morning wood; to stare dejectedly out the window at the bloody rain and not be called a wuss, or a willow, or a pussy, when a few tears rolled down his cheek.
The few luggage he had had been thrown carelessly into the floor of the hall and he knew he’d have to get some new supplements for his winter wardrobe, taken by how cold he already felt.
The layout of the flat was the same as he remembered, except it wasn’t as messy— if you counted stacking up all the files clattering the space into a single pile on the couch as clean.
Not a lot happens. Sometimes we just feel empty, no?
The sloshing of his shoes, as he made his way from the station to uni, made his jaw hurt from clenching.
“Th— thank you,” John stuttered, still a little dizzy from the alcohol and the earlier commotion.
Sherlock also knew they hadn’t been followed because the trio hadn’t wanted to follow them. Had let them escape.
Thank you for reading! We're almost reaching the end and I am loving this so much, you don't even know. And your comments are so kind and help me write so much better and you support me and it's perfect!
In a leap of limbs and clothes, John fell to the floor— his bum hitting a stack of files and papers— as Sherlock attempted to appear nonchalant. John could only pant, undecided between smirking or composing himself in search of some dignity.
“Oh,” John said, chuckling. “Sorry about that, man.” He wasn’t exactly afraid, but the bloody man was seriously taller than John had first realized. “You’re Sherlock, right? I’m John. John Watson,” he said, extending a hand.
The door downstairs closed and, in less than a second, he was up and running to her side.
Instead, John analysed it as it was: not a woman, not even a simple man, it was Sherlock.
He kept his face hidden by his hood as he made his way through the crowd of students, most of whom looked no older than him. He didn’t stand out, he noted with relief, closing his fingers around the dogtags that acted as a safety blanket around his neck, their weight reminding him everything would eventually turn out fine. They’d been his goodbye gifts from his grandfather when he’d announced his acceptance into UCL.
They moved from that to some doubts Mike had on one of his chairs and parted ways, John and Greg going to the pitch. Coach Kim made them do laps and, for every person that arrived late it would be an extra ten pull ups per minute they weren’t there.
he should’ve tried to take John’s pulse discreetly.
Mycroft had lost connection for a while, but Sherlock knew he always kept watch.
Next chapter might be a bit late! Sorry about that!
A soft “Hm,” escaped between the two of them.
PS: please forgive me!
Sherlock had done his best to stop his instincts from taking over. He rarely let his body do anything he was unaware of, unless he was inside his mind palace.
John knew he could do anything and keep going, so he bit down onto Sherlock’s neck again and again, and then onto his shoulder and collar bone and there was no mark left but he just kept going.
The following day saw him— after receiving numerous complaints from his Aunt Charlotte about scaring her half to death for not even bothering to tell her he was going to be late and after promising he would at least text her next time— making his way to his first lecture with Mike and the biggest headache he’d had without having to suffer any injury during Rugby practice before.
Thank you for reading!
Molly lowered her voice anyhow. “He is very good looking, isn’t he? He is in one of my Chemistry classes— he’s a Biochemistry major, I think.” Throughout the whole description John’s eyes kept glancing at Sherlock, who had his eyes glued to one of the books he had opened. “Most girls in our year have already tried, and some older ones, too, but I think he doesn’t date. People also say he’s very rude,” she sighed, and John got the feeling of a small flicker of hope there, somewhere, although he doubted she’d been one of the girls who tried. John thought he could see Sherlock scoff down at the book in his hands, though at what he wasn’t sure. He seemed to have finished the giant volume far too quickly and was soon leaving the building, not sparing the three of them another glance. “He isn’t part of any groups or teams, and, as far as I know, he doesn’t have any friends. Teachers seem to dislike him, because he corrects them a lot, even though it’s just the second day of classes. He just seems very shy to me.”
John was coming over and Sherlock was freaking out.
Thank you for reading!! Any ideas, feel free to comment! I always answer!!
Thank you!
Thank you!!
“You don’t seem very frightening,” John’s voice said from downstairs, and Sherlock wanted to laugh in his brother’s face. Pompous bastard trying to intimidate his— to intimidate John.
“You don’t seem very frightening,” John bit back, spitefully.
Mary, huh? He looked up and noticed the girl from earlier with a makeup mirror opened and inclined so she could look at him. A blush graced her features and he leaned down to write an answer.
“What the hell d’you think you’re doin’?” he spoke up, making himself known for the first time, louder than he’d intended and flinching at his own voice cutting through the silence of the night.
Thank you for reading
After Rugby practice, where he got to meet the team and adjust to the level of brutality, he followed Greg Lestrade to meet up with Mike. He was truthfully a standup lad and the only other first year in the team. The youngest person after them was a second year named Philip Anderson, who struck the wrong nerve without any particular reason. John would try to keep the man on his good side for the sake of the team, but he would keep an eye out.
John and Sherlock should learn to communicate, or else they'll get in trouble. Real trouble.
Enjoy!
The one on top was the most recent— dated to the previous day— and the headline said:
He opened the search engine and typed up the address: it was in the middle of nowhere, less than fifteen minutes from there by cab, and had nothing particular about it. Obviously, though, if Sherlock had gone there, the internet wasn’t showing him everything— John seriously doubted the friend who needed to solve a murder for fun would settle for exploring a couple of abandoned warehouses.
“You may not,” John answered, knowing it was a childish way to do so, but the bastard was seriously getting on his nerves.
Therefore, Sherlock was robotically again and again and again moving books from shelf to shelf, replacing the dirty beakers on the kitchen and then remembering John might think it disgusting to mix the place where one ate with the place one experimented on severed fingers; he even considered dusting, but decided against it when he realized he’d have to go down to Mrs Hudson’s to ask for whatever it was one used for dusting and it would be equal to admitting she was right.
However, it wasn’t the head of black hair he was familiar with: there were no unruly curls bouncing with every movement, and it was shorter. As was the person.
John rolled his eyes at the moody git and traded his pie for the plate of scones, exchanging small talk with Mrs Hudson for a brief moment before following his friend, not wanting to be held accountable for whatever that miserable pie did to the poor woman.
The only thing that would give the man an advantage, John knew, was to prove him right. He’d make sure that didn’t happen.
He knew he hadn’t been the only one to smell it.
John smiled. Maybe it hadn’t been so bad. Maybe.
The first two days of school he had caught sight of Sherlock precisely twice. The rest of the week, nothing. He knew it was ridiculous to look for the man and try to apologize to him, or to even think he was being avoided, but it still drove him mad and he wasn’t sure why.
Thank you!
On their second round of beers, John had his head on his arms and was screaming quietly, in frustration. Mike kept patting his back in sympathy and Greg gave his fair share of terrible, but uplifting, jokes.
The constant sound of rain and wind against his window, as well as the honking of cars outside. It was a sea of black and ever changing lights, with waves being the taxis and respective drivers that outnumbered everyone else. The fog altered the light that entered through the small window near his head, turning it a sick yellow that had nothing on the unbroken sun of his home; it blocked his view and reminded him of a cage that was built to turn him into an exhibition. When the rain finally quieted, he didn’t have it in him anymore to go back to sleep, so he simply got up and ready for the first day of his suffering.
After the incident, his classes seemed to drag longer and grow duller. He wasn’t sure if it was because of the headache that came and went, or something else, but he just wanted to have lunch with his friends— yes, he had friends he could look forward to hanging out with. Aside from those reasons, of course, he couldn’t stop thinking about what was wrong with that Sherlock guy that made him see John as such a repulsive person. It was impossible that a stranger had such a sudden, intense dislike for him. Maybe it didn’t have anything to do with John, and Molly was right about the guy being shy. Or maybe everyone else was right and he was an asshole. John didn’t know what it was, so he just ignored the strange tingling feeling he’d on his belly.
Mycroft lifted his head, looking at John down his nose. John straightened up.
Thank you or reading! And for the kind words!
Thanks for reading! This is getting exciting!!
“I have Rugby practice. But if you feel like doin’ something later, I’d be open for that.”
John’s phone buzzed. A quick glance told him it was Greg inviting him for a beer. After meeting the posh git, he’d surely need it.
“Lookin’ fo’ someone?” Mike slurred. “Saw yo’ girlfriend holdin’ someone’s hair back, in the loo.”
When, once again, Sherlock didn’t acknowledge him, Mycroft left.
He greeted Aunt Charlotte with a kiss on the cheek, telling her uni was going great and doing his best not to mention how much he missed home after she’d asked how he was doing in such a maternal way, and took a calming shower, preparing himself for bed.
Hope you liked it!
“Do you plan to
Couldn't post earlier, unfortunately! But, as promised, the Monday update is here!!
xxxxxx
“I already told you,
Almost there!! Really! This one is just some fluffy routine between them.
“Hi,” he greeted, smiling at John.
“Or perhaps I’m in the presence of your… fancy for my brother.” That threatening chuckle was back and it chilled John to his core. He still didn’t let it show on his face— or so he hoped.
“Don’t be rude, Sherlock!” Mrs Hudson complained. “You are in the same university, correct, John?” She turned to him.
What the fuck was wrong with him?
“Sorry, sir,” she said. “Whose status.”
?” John hoped Mycroft didn’t mean what he thought he did. Or that at least he’d stop himself from suggesting such a thing.
“Harriet!” he complained, at the same time as his grandmother said, closer to the phone than he expected, “ask him what’s her name. And if she likes pies. I hope she isn’t too skinny. I should cook something and ship it there.” She was speaking so fast, John feared, for a moment, her teeth would fall out.
Thank you for reading!!
Maybe he should have asked what would happen if he shot Sherlock, though he pretty much knew the answer already: to Sherlock? Nothing long term. To John? Mycroft would surely dispose of his body in some secret location.
Maybe he’d tried to end it all on purpose. The mind was something he’d had total control over, until he couldn’t handle doing so any longer.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Information.” The man scribbled something on his notebook— which looked tiny in his chubby hands. “Nothing indiscreet, nothing you’d feel uncomfortable with. Just tell me what he is up to.”
“Don’t fuck too many girls and forget to study, stupid,” she spat, low enough so their father wouldn't overhear, as they said their final goodbyes at the train station. John hoped she could survive with their father seeking happiness at the end of a bottle. Especially after she’d told him, before they’d left the house, about the way she felt about women, instead of men. He’d done his best to support her, having absolutely no prejudice or negativity toward gay people, but he knew she’d try to escape the house as soon as she was old enough, because no one else would show her their support on the matter.
Of course there had to be something going wrong, though.
“Sherlock Holmes and Doctor-to-be John Watson.”
He couldn’t help thinking of the way he’d kept his punctured arm away from John’s vision.
He reached a hand up and touched the impossibly soft hair on Sherlock’s nape and pulled him closer, moving his lips against Sherlock’s. He hadn’t moved since kissing John and John wanted to change that.
Hope you've been enjoying it so far. I've been posting a new chapter almost every day, so I think this will be done before the second week of February (hopefully). Thank you for reading and I hope you stick around for the rest!!!
PS: If anyone can recommend any fic, I'd appreciate it!!!! I have nothing new to read!! I don't care which AU!! <3
Something behind John moved closer, brushing against his back, making him tense up.
“No, I’m not. I’m just not interested in your offer.”
“I have to run, Mrs Hudson, sorry about that,” he said as he passed her on his way down the stairs. He still stole a scone from the plate she had, though, just because it was stronger than him to do so.
(See the end of the chapter for
John loved danger too much to even bat an eye, Sherlock was sure of it.
“First, maybe I’d like to have a conversation with your… friend. John Watson, correct?” His eyes focused on John as if he were a target, but John knew if he was to be killed, it would’ve happened before, so he was safe.
(See the end of the chapter for
This time he watched his drinks and, as Molly had skipped the pub to study, offered himself to send the guys home safely.
“Sure, Watson, keep your secrets.”
what was right in front of them.
Sherlock could practically feel Mycroft’s anger bubbling under his skin— and a couple of layers of fat. If only he knew how many jokes involving cake came to Sherlock’s mind. the last time Sherlock had said one of those his brother had threatened to cut his laboratory privileges.
The Coming Out Thing
“Pleasure, dear. My name is Martha Hudson, and it’s that house just over there,” she said, a couple of streets over, pointing to a building by a cafe—
When you feel lost...
Mike sat with him when they shared a class, he had lunch with the group— which included him, Greg, Mike and Molly— when they were all free, and they went back to the pub on Friday night.
“Y—You do know,” John had to pause and breathe, for his laughter was getting in the way. If someone saw them, they’d say they were either drunk or high. “You know we don’t have a king, right?”
“We could…” she whispered into his ear, giggling with a hiccup as she kissed his jaw. “You know…” Followed by a bite to his earlobe that almost made him give in.
She just smiled and offered to bring up some tea. He thanked her as she closed the door behind herself.
than ever.”
“I am merely an interested party.”
Sherlock felt his lips stretch into a grin.
From the doorway, someone cleared their throat.
John couldn’t help but nod in affirmation, not knowing what else to do as he took his sweet time to process all of the information. How were these two so disastrous and lacking in anything social? Sentiment a weakness?
“My gun!” Mycroft handed it to him, and John knew it was loaded. He’d memorised the weapon inside and out. He could identify it in his sleep and know whether it was loaded from weight alone. “How did you— when did you— never mind.”
“Hello, John. Please don’t yell, Sherlock.”
In front of them there was a man— and if he thought Sherlock was posh before, he wouldn’t have a word for that man— leaning on his fancy umbrella. He had red-ish hair and a long, pointy nose. His skin was ashy and grey and John knew with full certainty he was a vampire.
Sherlock wasn’t even in control of his body as it moved away from the deadly trio and outside. He had gathered John in his arms before he had taken his next breath. They were leaving before his brain even caught up with the fact that he was running and they were so far away when he finally stopped in an alley that he had only had a second to place John on the ground before poor John was dropping his gun— loaded— and was throwing up in the dirty alley they found themselves in.
Plus, they bond over experiments.
Alright, so... here's the thing: I changed the original story to fit the characters and ships, but even if I'm proud about the other chapters, I need your approval of this one, because it was a big leap and a lot of changes. Seriously, this one was challenging and I hope you enjoy!
“So, he asked you to turn him? I know he likes experiments, but that seems rather—”
“Mr Watson,” Mycroft turned to him, taking a notebook from his jacket pocket and opening it on a marked page. “Mr John Hamish Watson.”
to do, but what he was going to do nonetheless.
xxxxxx
“John.” Sherlock’s greetings, to an untrained ear, would sound cold and detached. To John, it sounded marvelous, the way his name flew off Sherlock’s lips and tongue. Unlike the first time he’d said it. John Wouldn’t mind never getting a “hello” or a “good morning” ever again, as long as he could hear his name be said in such a way.
Thank you!
He was exiting the library, avoiding anyone that stood too close, walking by himself. He seemed to be talking to himself, or at least his lips were moving in a rapid manner, too fast for John to even try to understand. Under his arm, he had at least three different chemistry textbooks with as many pages as, Jesus, probably the old testament. None of those things were what caught John's attention, though. No, what caught, and held, his attention was how unique the man looked: everyone in London was pale, but this boy was near translucent; his hair, curly, was so dark it became unrealistic; and the only thing longer than those cheekbones were the legs that appeared out of the small opening of his long coat.
I don't know how I'M fangirling over MY own fic, but whatever!
