The blond awkwardly made eye contact with Sherlock and he quickly went to explaining what was happening. “
Sherlock wanted to control John’s desires, John’s freedom, John’s actions, John’s thoughts, and every vulnerable detail that Sherlock could govern with his mind and body. God, Sherlock wanted John to succumb to his charms already but Sherlock could wait… Sherlock was patient. But if there was one thing that Sherlock couldn’t stand for, something that ticked him off with absolute certainty, was impudence.
“Right.” The older lady went downstairs sending one last wink to Sherlock which caused the man to roll his eyes.
Sherlock ran towards the only door presented to him and pushed it open, the immediate force of the strength embedded in Sherlock’s arms caused the door to violently bang against the wall. Sherlock eyed the corridor and cautiously ran through it, betting his life that John would be located in the lower levels of the warehouse.
Sherlock snarled in frustration and emerged from the pillar, both guns in hand and shooting at Bainbridge. Sherlock kept pulling the trigger, trying to penetrate the silver bullets into the werewolf’s body but Bainbridge hid himself behind another pillar. The lights in the station were exploding in sparks of electricity while bullets were being fired everywhere.
John has heard this phrase about five times already and boy, was it difficult to suppress a smile that was threatening to spread across his lips. To prevent from Sherlock seeing his smile, John purposely lifted the book to cover his face. He ignored the detective and relished in the image of Sherlock being bored out of his mind and how desperately the detective wanted to grab John’s attention.
Sherlock placed his hands behind his back. “Although you’ve gained more muscle and the level of your confidence has risen. Your strength would be no match against one person who can easily defeat you.”
Bullets kept spiraling towards the wall, ruining the wallpaper and never once, did Sherlock face the direction of the bullets’ path. Sherlock knew the pattern he was making until he stopped shooting the wall and faced the holes tarnishing through the wallpaper, he exhaled loudly before he began to shoot the wall again.
“Then you could cherish the look of surprise on my face.” Jim opened his mouth and created a shocked expression.
There was a roar of people in the streets screaming and chanting the name of Jim Moriarty. Sherlock deduced that every citizen in London had been taken in by Jim Moriarty and he was certain that John and him were the only civilians who have not succumbed to Jim’s authority.
Princes left with the craving of commencing a war and princesses left the Holmes kingdom with tears in their eyes. Luckily, King Holmes prevented any attacks against their kingdom due to Sherlock’s sharp tongue. The list of future mates was becoming thin and King Holmes was on the verge of having a heart attack until an unheard kingdom reached out and offered to present their son to Sherlock.
Fucking hell, Sherlock could feel the irresistible stimulation of burying his cock deep inside John and forever marking John from the inside as his property.
John peeled his eyes open and faced the woman standing in front of him, she was dressed in a black leather outfit, accompanied by two other men behind her. He eyed his surroundings and noticed that he was inside a… tunnel? It seemed like an enormous abandoned tunnel with trash cans at every corner, each with fire inside, poorly illuminating the tunnel.
Sherlock interrupted Molly and John’s silent conversation. “Oh, by the way, he’s mute. So, start learning sign language.”
Sherlock searched John’s entire face and body to figure out this small detail that was absolutely bugging him. “I mean every human being is capable of speaking. It is a natural skill we all possess, so why refrain from speaking, John?”
Sherlock walked up to John and stared into his eyes and held his gaze on the blond for a long moment.
Lestrade lifted his hands in surrender. “Hey! I had a case and you just happened to be with Mycroft. In the end you did introduce me to him.”
John. John was horribly bruised and beaten. The detective quickly did a sweep over John’s body and he deduced that John had; a burst vein in his eye, a cut over his eyebrow, bruises covering his face, knife wounds located on his left side, a busted lip, a broken shoulder, gnashes across his collarbones, and nasty bruises on his abdomens which were hidden by the jacket and shirt covering John’s skin.
Moran harshly lifted the man to his knees and grabbed the back of the man’s head, exposing nothing about the person who was dragged into this situation. Jim scrutinized Sherlock’s emotions while witnessing the unknown person being forced to face Sherlock.
The aftermath of the bomb was inaudible, both men were left unconscious as flakes of dust and pieces of papers were floating in the air and landing on the ground. From afar, a splenetic mob of killers were heading towards John and Sherlock’s destroyed flat. The distance between the flat and the streets leading to 221B were shortening in length.
John warmly smiled at the D.I. and silently agreed to Lestrade’s plan. Sherlock continued to gather information from every clue that was offered to him. Lestrade wanted to ask John another question when the blond sneezed. John tried his best to hold in his sneeze but he couldn’t hold it anymore and he forced himself to make the sneeze as quiet as possible but instead, it came out as an adorable squeaking sound.
“Sebastian Moran. Personally, known as Sebby. Intimately referred to as tiger.” A high-pitched voice said, penetrating the pheromones of rage being manifested from Sherlock.
The detective and John entered the shop, where lucky cats were being sold along with other trinkets. They both looked around the shop, trying to find anything that stood out to them.
John quickly escaped Sherlock’s hold and shot his hand towards Sherlock’s throat, holding him in place. Sherlock purposely released John and allowed his little scorpion to choke him. But Sherlock reached down and cupped John’s cock, firmly squeezing John’s shaft and pressing the heel of his hand against John’s growing erection.
Sherlock was not expecting that answer and for a second, he found that quite… sentimental? “Oh, you’re too romantic.” He paced the room. “Jennifer Wilson is trying to tell us something.”
The blond scratched his eyebrow as he listened to the detective and his broken sentences but tried to interrupt Sherlock. Apparently, the detective didn’t let him speak, so Sherlock continued to ramble on.
Mrs Hudson gave him a sad and concerned look, “Look at you. You’re in no state to leave this flat. Sherlock when you will stop with the drugs?”
Sherlock and John felt the blood draining from their faces, they stared at the television for a few shocked seconds before the Omega faced the Alpha next to him. John was about to say something when Jim continued speaking.
Before Sherlock could say anything else, his phone rang, he put the call on speakerphone and the voice of the older woman filled the room. “
King Siger Holmes respected Mycroft’s decision and was proud to see that his son was deeply interested in the politics of the kingdom. But Mycroft’s decision left the younger Holmes, Sherlock to take the role of becoming the next king. Sherlock had no interest in continuing his father’s legacy or ruling the kingdom but he had no choice.
Sherlock smirked; a small quirk of his lips was easily gone when he made eye contact with John. “Orange suits you.”
The woman came forward, grabbing John’s chin, tightening her grip as she came face to face with the blond. “How does it feel to be beaten? To be weak?”
A group of children that hated Sherlock came out from behind the bushes and laughed at the Alpha’s stupidity, they all taunted Sherlock for falling in their trap. At least five Alphas grabbed Sherlock and forced him to the ground, while Victor took off his pants and ripped his shirt open as if someone attacked him.
The blond was hesitant to accept the gun but he happily took the gun back and stuffed it in the glove compartment. “
Sherlock exaggerated the amount of smoke slipping past his lips and snorted, looking back at his group and winking at them before he faced John again. “Can we help you?”
Since they arrived at the hotel, Sherlock never ceased to resign his long string of insults towards his older brother and hopefully, gaining the action of Mycroft regretting his decision and taking the Omega boy back home. To the boy’s disappointment, Mycroft simply reprimanded Sherlock for being an insulant child and ordered the boy to get dressed for he expected Sherlock to attend the party.
The detective interrupted Dimmock. “That’s how he got into the bank — ran along the window ledge onto the terrace. I have to find out what connects these two men.”
The detective rushed up the stairs, John following behind him. Sherlock entered his flat and was met with the sight of Lestrade sitting in an armchair, while other officers were going through his possessions.
Greg heard Sherlock’s deductions and uncomfortably scratched the back of his head. “Jesus, alright. We’ll start looking for the mother.”
John went for a short walk, thinking about the embarrassing moment that crossed his mind more than seven times a day. John was making his way back to the flat, closing the front door and heading upstairs when he heard a bullet being fired after another.
Sherlock felt himself choking at the prospect of losing John. That mere second of doubt faded away when John coughed, Sherlock smiled brightly as he brought the Omega closer to him. Sherlock cradled John’s neck and pressed his forehead against the Omega’s, breathing loudly and drinking down the tears that were very close to falling down the Alpha’s cheek.
“There’s been another murder. A journalist by the name of Lukis was shot dead in his flat. Doors were locked from the inside. Exactly the same as Van Coon.”
“Bye buttercup.” Sherlock crooned, grinning wolfishly at the hateful gaze John gave him before the two disappeared from Sherlock’s sight.
Moriarty’s upper lip ticked to the side, emitting an annoyed groan. “Insanity. If ya think about it, insanity is pretty underrated.”
Lestrade slapped Mycroft’s arm for pinching his bum. “I’ll be right back.” The D.I. smiled and smacked Mycroft’s bottom as he walked away with a proud smirk.
Sherlock closed his eyes and threw his head back, this was it, the final problem finally being resolved. The Omega boy extended his fragile arms apart, he took one last breath before he allowed gravity to take his body towards the ground. But to the boy’s disappointment, he was saved. Strong arms were wrapping themselves around his bony waist and pulling him away from the ledge.
After a few hours of being unconscious on the floor, Sherlock lazily opened his eyes and groaned when everything was blurry and hazy. The Alpha tried to move his body but everything felt heavy as if he were made of lead. Sherlock slowly sat up and leaned his entire body weight on his elbow while he pushed back the damp curls from his forehead.
Lestrade led the two men towards the dead body and began to reveal the information concerning Connie Prince, “Connie Prince, 54, she had one of those makeover shows on the telly. Did you see it?”
The Omega boy licked his lips when he noticed how meaty the man’s thighs were and how nice it would be to wrap his scrawny legs around the Alpha’s muscled waist. Oh, life wasn’t fair. Not fair at all. Out of every person that Sherlock could have a crush on, why did it have to be on the perfect Alpha that he could never have?
“What for? There are hospitals full of people dying, Doctor. Why don’t you go and cry by their beside and see what good it does then?”
Sherlock wasn’t going to be defeated easily, so he rolled onto his knees and picked himself up. The two men lifted their fists, preparing to fight. The detective made the first move, lunging forward, determined to deliver a blow to John’s face but the blond blocked the attack and managed to grab Sherlock. The detective elbowed John’s ribs and successfully escaped the blond’s hold.
John pointed the gun at Moriarty and gently squeezed the trigger when a horrible deafening sound resounded throughout the entire ship. Everyone fell to their knees and tried to cover their ears, John pressed both hands against his ears and shouted to drown out the horrible sound. The lights on the enterprise were flickering violently and many of the bulbs running through the wires were exploding in sparks of electricity.
John extended his arm to the side, trying to catch Sherlock’s attention but the detective had his back towards John. John rolled his eyes as he removed all the books, placing them on the floor before smacking the detective on the shoulder. Sherlock turned around, looking at John before laying his eyes on the symbol sprayed onto the shelf with the same paint.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and came a bit closer to John. “Yeah, but if you were dying… if you’d been murdered, in your very last few seconds what would you say?”
Soo Lin nodded. “I was 15. My parents were dead. I have no livelihood. No way of surviving, day to day, except to work for the bosses.”
John also became good friends with Lestrade. After months of learning sign language, the D.I. finally became fluent at it, thanks to Mycroft’s tutoring and help. Now, Lestrade could have full conversations with the blond and they rather much enjoyed one’s company. Thanks to Greg, he allowed John to go inside the Yard and learn how to fight properly.
Since his vocal cords were damaged, he naturally couldn’t talk or form out any words. His parents told him the truth, John was mute. Due to John being young, he didn’t understand how this would affect him. As an immature young boy, he found it cool that he didn’t have to talk but once school required him to speak out loud, he finally comprehended why the ability of not speaking would affect him.
Books would be burned, free speech would cease to exist, privacy would not abide, free will was to be purchased in a high price, internet would be monitored, communications with the outside world would be nullified, and the existence of a free country would seem more like a dream than a reality. And that was the last step to beginning a riot against the government.
Sherlock was scrolling through his phone. “He’s been in the river a long while, the water’s destroyed most of the data. But I’ll tell you one thing, that last Vermeer painting is a fake.”
Jim charged towards John, shouting rabidly. “He is responsible from pulling you away from the flames that only the devil can create! And ya know what’s pathetic? Is that you actually come down to earth for John Watson and that only made me realize that you’re a puppet waiting for someone to pull your strings and make you dance. So, you see Sherlock, my point is that now, you’re in my way.”
The detective looked down at his exposed sleeve and suddenly felt very angry. “Thank you. Perhaps I let my arm linger a little too close to the body.”
Sherlock swore to fucking Satan himself that he’d do anything to have John at the palm of his hand. Sherlock couldn’t explain the unfamiliar sensation taking over his body but he did know that the love for John Watson was no like no other love.
The detective looked out the window and he quirked his lips into small smile. “I’m excited to see how you work as well.”
Sherlock smiled knowing that eventually John would say yes. Mrs. Hudson came out of her flat. “Sherlock, what have you done?”
But the blond couldn’t go running around the streets of London with Sherlock for he needed to earn money in order to pay the rent. So, there were times where John couldn’t join the detective for, he had to work. Due to this, Lestrade was a victim to Sherlock’s odd mood swings and they only happened when the blond couldn’t go with the detective to a crime scene.
Sherlock kept running, kept opening millions of doors and feeling like he was placed into a maze with no exit, just for the fun of it. This game was becoming too frustrating for the Alpha.
John agreed and continued eating the remaining bars but was startled to see the detective stuffing the entire bar into his mouth. Sherlock elegantly downed the bar and returned his gaze towards the window. The blond noticed a string of caramel clinging onto the detective’s chin and he tried to capture Sherlock’s attention but the detective had his vision glued to the window.
Lestrade came behind the detective. “What the hell are we supposed to make of that? An estate agent’s photo and the bloody Greenwich pips.”
Sherlock dove down and took hold of John’s lower lip in between his teeth and with a sickening moan, Sherlock bit down into John’s flesh. Sherlock broke the skin and savagely tore his teeth away from John’s lip, consuming the pained groan John emitted. Blood was oozing from John’s split open lip and Sherlock couldn’t help but eagerly run his tongue along the wound and drink down the precious liquid that radiated throughout John’s body.
The Omega boy was completely bored out of his mind, groups and groups of people were coming to congratulate Greg and that was the only fun the boy had. Sherlock deduced everyone and remained quiet, he made himself invisible and it worked. The party was dragging on and of course, Mycroft was speaking about how wonderful Greg was and the Omega boy tuned out his brother’s voice.
The detective watched the blond walk away from the window and as he observed John’s retreating form, he placed his hands behind his back and said. “Hm.”
The boy felt his legs wobbling as he sought purchase on the bed, desperately seeking the sheets to hold himself upright. Sherlock managed to stand up but his legs gave out beneath him when he hurriedly went around the bed, feeling only a tad bit safer that the bed was in between him and the Alpha. But now the Omega boy was faced with another problem, he didn’t have a way out now.
Sherlock closed his eyes as the cigarette in between his fingers cured his craving for drugs, more specifically, heroin.
The detective stood up straight, defending his opinion. “But don’t think I’m going to apologize for the things I said to Eric.”
Every citizen in London was to lose their name and become a false identity that corresponded to their
“I mean it. Its all right for them. Its over in a split second, strawberry jam all over the lines. What about the driver’s, eh? They’ve got to live with it, haven’t they?”
After his lovely nap, John woke up groggy and disoriented but refreshed. He hadn’t realized that the day had disappeared already for the dark streaks of the night had made its appearance all over London. John yawned sleepily and decided to go downstairs where he would make himself a cup of tea. The flat seemed pretty quiet, John suspected that Sherlock hadn’t returned and that suited him just fine.
Sherlock tapped Mycroft on the shoulder and the Alpha faced him, Mycroft quickly looked at his baby brother and lifted his eyebrow. “Why are you wearing makeup?”
Sherlock laughed bitterly and pushed back the Omega. “You lot are a bunch of whores who are waiting to be knotted by an Alpha. It is by law that you must obey us and a quick reminder, you Omegas are nothing without us Alphas keeping you in line. So, I’ll say it again. Kneel down and beg for my forgiveness, while I allow you to breathe. And while your kneeling before me, why don’t you do what you do best and suck me off.”
Sherlock was pleased and continued staring at the pink case. “Now, look. We both know that this is Jennifer Wilson’s case. Do you see what’s missing?”
Sherlock, John, Greg and Miss Wenceslas were standing around the Vermeer painting while Sherlock tried to figure out the flaw that rightfully proved that the painting was a fake.
Sherlock’s voice began to crack while he rested his forehead onto John’s shoulder. “Oh, he must have mentioned me. This is… this is horrible. I mean, I just can’t believe it. I only saw him the other day. Same old Ian. Not a care in the world.”
Sherlock tore his gaze from John. “Its not what they saw. Its what they both brought back in those suitcases.”
The two men chuckled for a bit and John rested his forearms at either side of the detective’s head. The blond’s soft chuckles died down and John studied the man beneath him. The blond noticed the ever-changing eyes that belonged to Sherlock, the dark curls that contrasted with his pale skin, and the full lips that complimented his mouth. John found the detective well… beautiful.
Since he was the most gorgeous thing in school; Sherlock was correlated to being the snake to everyone’s forbidden fruit, a menacing influence that led everyone into mayhem. Even though Sherlock was prone to delivering indecent influences to others, there was a lack of reciprocation that could make Sherlock desire a person with every bit of his corrupted soul.
The detective decided to pluck the strings from his violin with his fingers. “If you’re so keen, why don’t you investigate it?”
soft, benign, vulnerable, innocent but most of all, in every hateful way that John could imagine, the touch was familiar.
Sherlock kept his gaze locked onto his phone, “I’m going to phone Lestrade and see if he has anything.”
Molly was whimpering uncontrollably and begging everyone to leave her alone, which never happened. Jim was taunting the poor girl and becoming frisky, for Jim grabbed the hem of Molly’s skirt and lifted it, exposing the girl’s baby blue panties. It wasn’t until Irene stepped forward and shoved Jim to the side, snarling at the boy for even touching Molly.
Once John finished, he turned off the lights and grabbed his bag. He stepped outside and locked the door as he brought down the roll down gate and locked up. John tiredly turned around when he saw Sherlock still standing outside.
Mycroft was this close to getting up and stomping towards Gregory’s flat, demanding a reasonable explanation as to why the detective inspector cheated on him with John. And Sherlock was about to stand up and demand from John why he was reckless enough to sleep with Geoff. But luckily; John read Mycroft’s body language and Sherlock’s odd behavior, deciding to cut Mycroft and Sherlock some slack.
Moriarty made a dramatic gasping sound, placing both hands over his mouth and widening his eyes. “Speaking of which, where is John Watson?”
Sherlock caught John signaling something to him but he didn’t quite catch what he was saying. “I’m sorry.”
The detective pressed his cheek against John’s and nuzzled himself against John’s skin. “Yes, but I tend to spoil my husband and I love getting him what he wants, right darling.”
A scary smile broke across Moriarty’s face while he walked towards Sherlock, keeping a lengthy distance between himself and Sherlock. “Is that a British Army Browning L9A1 in your pocket, or are you just pleased to see me?”
Sherlock bounced his leg up and down, forcing himself to remain quiet. “Never mind. Clearly wasting my time. As you always do.”
Eric felt himself blushing as John rubbed the back of his neck, feeling an inevitable blush creeping into his cheeks as well.
Sherlock wanted the complete opposite. Damn the societal norms of being well spoken, curse the restrictions of avoiding foul language and fuck the responsibilities that corresponded to Sherlock. The retribution of denying the legacy that is passed on from one generation to another was an act of selfishness, Sherlock didn’t want to represent the money or the name of his family.
Of course, the detective looked insane, many workers just stared at Sherlock’s odd behavior which consisted of ducking down, moving side to side, hiding behind computers, entering and exiting offices until he found what he was looking for.
John smiled and shook Jim’s hand. Jim gladly took John’s hand and came closer to John, almost cornering him against a table and giving John a suggestive smile. John smiled in return, almost seeing how cute Jim was and taking the opportunity of being tempted to flirt with this man. Sherlock could hear the deafening silence behind him and wondered why no one was talking.
The D.I. shifted his hands lower and grabbed Mycroft’s hardening shaft. The elder Holmes groaned into the kiss, as Lestrade bit down on the man’s lower lip. “I was promised to ride this cock in your car.”
John faced the tracks again, wording to himself the information he knew and trying to comprehend how Andrew West came to be here. The blond was rolling over the many possibilities in his head when he noticed the tracks moving, leaving behind the previous path and creating a new path for a train heading towards a specific destination.
John wasn’t sure how to react to Sherlock’s words. He began to feel guilt, he shouldn’t have overreacted and basically almost broke Sherlock’s nose but he was standing his ground and not showing any signs of feebleness. Then John realized that Sherlock meant well and as he analyzed the situation again, he concentrated on the smaller details. He remembered how Sherlock said that he studied sign language, then it hit him,
The D.I. snorted. “Yeah, simply chatting means poking your nose in my relationship with your brother.”
Sherlock answered for John. “Yes, he is. Hence why I brought him here with me.” The detective left the two as he began to study the body closely.
Sherlock reached the top of the building, he took a deep breath and shivered in the cold night air. The Omega boy wrapped his scanty arms around himself and watched the puffs of his breath disappearing into the night. The boy shuddered in aversion when he took slow steps towards the ledge. Sherlock closed his eyes while approaching the ledge, taking controlled breaths through his nose and opening his eyes.
Sherlock frowned; he’d respect the first part of that sentence but he’d definitely ignore the request of the second part. “Fine.”
With an affirmative nod; Sally held onto her gun and came out from behind the pillar, shooting at Mary and forcing the werewolf to seek cover inside the train. Mary lowered herself on the floor, growling in annoyance because she ran out of ammo. She laid on her back and loaded her guns with ammo, hissing at the fellow passengers on the train to
Mycroft insured Mrs Hudson with enough money to live out the rest of her life and provided illegal passage so that Mrs Hudson and her sister could leave London for good. As of right now, Mrs Hudson and her sister were living in a small cottage on the outskirts of Paris. Since her departure, Sherlock stayed back with his Omega partner, John Watson.
The hit to Sherlock’s face made him realize something. “Oh.” He smiled. “Ah! She was clever, clever, yes!” Sherlock faced everyone. “She’s cleverer than you lot and she’s dead. Do you see, do you get it? She didn’t lose her phone, she never lost it. She planted it on him.” He started pacing again. “When she got out of the car, she knew that she was going to her death. She left her phone in order to lead us to her killer.”
So, could he be blamed if he randomly got up from his seat and made his way towards the back of the bus?
John Watson has known Greg for a long time and it pleased the Alpha to know that the Beta finally got the promotion he deserved. And to celebrate, Greg invited John to his party and now here he was, chatting with his closest friends, Sebastian Moran and Jim Moriarty. Jim and Sebastian have been mates for a long time and John was happy to hear about the constant sex taking place in their lives.
He exited the office that he stepped into and looked at the person’s name who owned the office, he slipped the name card from its slot and went towards John. “Let’s go.”
Sherlock opened his eyes and lifted himself off his chair and grabbed his silver revolver and started to shoot bullets towards his wall in front of him. Lestrade started to laugh at Sherlock’s reaction.
Sherlock wanted to be unique; he didn’t want to camouflage in between the roses of a garden, he wanted to stand out like the weeds that destroyed the heavenly glow of a rose. Sherlock strived to become a genius and use his deductions to get him further into his awaited future but that simple dream never came true.
“No. I can’t possibly be away from the office for any length of time. Not with the Korean elections so…”
Sherlock resisted the urge to vomit and concentrated his attention on the tie that he was fixing but the boy scoffed in annoyance when he looked at his watch and calculated that the bellboy who was supposed to deliver his dress shoes was eleven minutes late. The Omega boy rearranged his tie and decided to pace for a bit until the idiotic bellboy delivered his shoes.
The intolerable heat radiating from Jim Moriarty made Sherlock feel like a caged animal awaiting his round of torture, Jim slyly rested his chin on Sherlock’s shoulder. “Hi Sherlock. Did you miss me?”
The detective shrugged his shoulders. “Not to be crass but that is my violin you have in your hand and that violin is worth more than your life put together. So, I take interest when random people touch it or when they want to use it yet they have no idea how to play it.”
Sherlock wiped away his tears and snorted. “People don’t like telling you things. They love to contradict you.”
Victor grabbed Sherlock and brutally flung the weightless boy onto the bed, flipping Sherlock onto his stomach. The Alpha used the Omega boy as a rag doll, pinning his entire body on top of Sherlock’s. The Omega boy began to scream, his breaths were coming in ragged pants and he tried squirm himself away from Victor but the Alpha was too strong and heavy.
John waited two more minutes before settling on kidnapping the stupid werewolf that was reloading his gun and had his back towards John. Well shit. John expected a full fist fight but apparently, shit was going to be easy as fuck. John smiled widely, taking advantage that the female werewolf wasn’t paying attention to her partner and sneaked behind the crouching werewolf.
Jim wiped away the blood from his nose and began to giggle madly as he stood up again. “He’s so feisty! I like that. To bad he’s not my type.”
Sherlock charged towards Mycroft and slammed him against the wall, pressing his forearm against Mycroft’s throat and snarling. “You will not put a finger on him.”
Sherlock was close to finding the fastest route when he felt John tugging his coat. He annoyingly faced the blonde, “What!”
Molly beamed brightly, “Oh! My mum used to teach me sign language when I was young. I remember a bit.”
The next morning, Sherlock and John were sitting in their armchairs while watching the telly, the report of the explosion in a building was confirmed and the questions of possible terrorism were left unanswered.
Yes, that impure and vile definition of love was brought upon by one person who Sherlock had his eyes set upon.
Sherlock groaned at the scratch across his cheekbone when John reached for the gun strapped to his ankle.
Before Sherlock could proceed to take more pictures, he felt something nuzzling his leg and he looked down at the creature touching him. “Oh! Who’s this?”
Tonight, in London; the sky was filling with dark clouds, smoky mists of fog were colliding together to create a brewing storm. Within seconds, a deafening roar of thunder orchestrated across London, notifying every resident that a storm was about to begin. The blurred shadows caused by the heavy rain made everyone feel uncomfortable; if you were caught at the wrong place, at the wrong time, something to could happen to you underneath the storm and no one would be able to hear you.
Sherlock led John into his flat, the detective purposefully offered John to go up the stairs first, so Sherlock could observe the smaller man and acquire more information about John. The blond reached the top of the stairs and entered the detectives’ flat, his eyes curiously danced around the flat. It seemed nice, cozy, and just right for a bachelor like Sherlock.
Such weather was a common event like reading a column in the newspaper and seeing what were the news today. The sky was falling; there was thunder, lightning was everywhere, heavy traffic was building up, clothes were being layered upon shivering bodies, and the carrying of dripping wet umbrellas were leaving behind wet tracks of water.
“Its an ancient number system — Hang Zhou. These days only street traders use it. Those were numbers written on the wall at the bank and at the library. Numbers written in an ancient Chinese dialect.”
The increasing sounds of cheers were the only echoes that resounded through the empty flats surrounding London. “
“Oh, John. Don’t deny your relationship with my brother. Know that the more you deny your relationship with him, the more you’ll hurt Sherlock’s feelings.” Mycroft reassured John.
John stared at the detective in shock, and on cue, everyone else in the flat remained silent and stared at Sherlock. The detective looked around the room and awkwardly made his way towards the blond. “Not good?”
Gradually these laws became oppressive over a short period of time; specific laws were meant to take away Omegas’ rights to vote, work, pregnancy, abortion, healthcare, and voicing their opinions. The upheaval of riots —mostly consisting of Omegas— were advocacy to restoring Omegas’ prior rights but the majority of society which involved Alphas and Betas, were pleased to learn that Omegas were being commanded to return to their formerly accustomed biological nature.
Sherlock was well… stuck, he expected John to happily accept his apology but he figured that Mycroft was right. “Please, what could I do to make you accept my apology.” He begged.
That didn’t last very long until he entered an age where boys and girls were capable of violence and instead of the Omega boy relying on his deductions to save him, he relied on himself to stay quiet. But even the boy couldn’t take his own advice and at this point, Sherlock was tired. The Omega boy was exhausted of experiencing the same perverted attention that Alphas gave him whenever they detected his scent.
An Omega was walking calmly to work when a tall and ungracious Alpha roughly bumped into him and told him to watch where he was going. “I could say the same about you.”
The Omega lifted the Alpha onto his arms, cradling Sherlock against him and lightly slapping the side of the Alpha’s cheek. “Hey. Hey. Come on, don’t close your eyes. What’s your name? Can you tell me your name?”
Sherlock snorted, “It honestly was.” He faced the blond, “How did you know about the route through the buildings?”
Sherlock determinedly shook John, making John open his eyes for a bit longer but before Sherlock could pick up John. A red dot appeared on John’s chest along with more red dots appearing all over their bodies.
The detective and John followed Raz to an abandoned place where young teenagers such as Raz ride on their skateboards and freely throw graffiti on the walls.
In the blink of an eye, Sherlock swirled around and wrapped his fingers around Anderson’s throat. Sherlock towered over Anderson and snarled, tightening his grip and constricting the air rushing through Anderson’s throat.
The blond threw a punch towards the detective’s face but Sherlock blocked the punch by holding onto John’s arm and twisting the blond around. John’s back met with the detective’s chest and Sherlock was about to place the blond in a headlock position when John placed one hand on the detective’s wrist and the other reached back, gripping Sherlock’s shoulder. With all his strength, he flipped the detective over his head and slammed him against the floor.
Sherlock was in his flat, fully dressed, except for his Belstaff coat. He walked to his coat hanger and retrieved his long gorgeous coat. He slid the piece of fabric onto himself and looked at his watch. It read eleven pm, he knew that John was closing tonight. Thanks to the detective looming at his window everyday, he managed to learn John’s schedule and he needed a day where John would close by himself. Sherlock waited for five more minutes and right on schedule, rain began to pour from the skies, showering London. The detective smirked and headed downstairs.
The boy thrashed against the bed when Victor savagely slithered his fingers through Sherlock’s curls and forced the boy’s face into the bed. The Alpha held the Omega boy down as he began to rut himself against Sherlock’s ass, moaning in pleasure and enjoying the pathetic screams the boy was pushing through the mattress.
Sherlock reached for his wallet and held out a bill. “I know this is terrible of me, you see, my husband hates it when I smoke but I would like some change for the cigarette machine outside.”
“I am Shan.” The woman stated. “And to my calculations we’ve tried to kill you and your companion, Mr Watson. What does it tell you when an assassin cannot shoot straight?”
Sherlock and John were standing before their television when images of a man began to appear. Sherlock froze when he realized who it was and John quickly looked at his Alpha, already feeling his body becoming tense when a hazardous laugh resounded through the screen. People on the streets stood in place when they managed to catch glimpses of their leader appearing on the television.
The soft look of tenderness vanished from Sherlock’s face and the mask of an apathetic killer went back into place. Sherlock pocketed the memory of his past and waited for two humans to remove themselves from his landing spot. Then without hesitation, he jumped. Sherlock fell down eight floors and landed beautifully on the ground without breaking any bones.
John smirked at his plan working perfectly, he walked down the remaining steps that led into the underground tube and reached the platform. Once inside, John removed his soaking wet hoodie and combed through his sandy blond hair with his wet fingers. John knew that the werewolves chasing him were after something he owned, in fact, they wanted something that ran through his veins.
John came down a few steps and found himself behind the detective. “It’s murder, all of them. I don’t know how, but they’re not suicides, they’re killings — serial killings.” Sherlock grabbed John’s arm and pulled him down the remaining stairs.
The Omega boy was on the verge of slamming the door in Victor’s face when the Alpha struck his palm against the door, not daring to let the boy close the door. Victor closed his eyes and took an exaggerated inhale, his nostrils flared when he detected the boy’s scent. The Alpha was beyond stupid to not even begin a composition of how Sherlock’s scent affected him, for all he knew, the Omega boy smelled sweet and he wanted a taste.
Mary came to Bainbridge’s rescue after loading her gun and shooting at Sherlock. Sherlock smelt the bullets aiming towards him and instantly sought the protection of the pillar again while Mary followed his every step, going as far as to shoot through the pillar. Sherlock snorted, as if bullets could ever go through concrete barriers, this werewolf was painfully idiotic.
Sherlock felt himself convulsing for a bit; since this was his first orgasm, Sherlock needed a few minutes to compose himself before he returned to his prior façade. Sherlock looked down at his limp cock and sickly twisted his neck around, smiling psychotically and licking his lips. Sherlock ran his slender fingers through his raven curls and chuckled to himself while stuffing his drained cock inside his trousers.
Jim’s words were stained with disappointment, “Oh Sherlock, Sherlock. Of course, you see everything on the outside but you fail to see what goes on inside.”
The Omega took out the handgun tucked behind his lower back and went into the middle of the street, pointing the gun to an incoming car and shooting three times. The driver in the car halted, breathing in fear when the three bullets penetrated his windshield. John approached the vehicle and shouted at the man in the car to step out of the vehicle.
Sherlock did a quick check around the perimeter; making sure that no one was passing by and stood back, watching his friends taunting Molly while he smoked a cigarette and laughed every time Molly flinched at Irene’s snarling voice. Such abuse could have been prevented but Sherlock knew that no one was going to pay attention to a bunch of kids bullying a girl in between an abandoned corridor.
John snarled and faced Spock, “You! You know everything about not lying and only providing the truth. Can’t you fucking tell that I’m not lying. That’s Jim Moriarty!”
Moriarty took out the blade and stood up straight, licking the blood off the blade and smiling like a deranged maniac.
, such a frail creation of existence; Sherlock wondered how humans have existed when the population mostly consisted of werewolves and vampires but mostly vampires —a very biased opinion—. It astonished him how stupid and boring humans were, so dull and distasteful yet necessary for his feeding needs.
The Omega entered the car and pressed on the gas. With a harsh U-turn, John flipped the direction of the car and started to drive towards St Barts. The Omega was driving at full speed and damn all the cars that were honking at him due to his reckless driving.
The Alpha’s eyes fluttered, the pain burning through his skin and flesh was unbearable. “Sh-Sherlock Holmes.”
Was Sherlock willing to give up John in order to save himself? Was Sherlock’s narcissistic existence more valuable than John’s life?
Before Sherlock could respond to John, the entire power running throughout London went out. Clocks were disconnected, televisions were buzzing in gray lines, street lights were flashing in one color, and the screens displayed to the public went pitch black. In a few seconds, the power came back and everything seemed to be in normality when the televisions began to flicker in violent waves.
“You want to hide a tree, then a forest is the best place to do it, wouldn’t you say? People would just walk straight past, not knowing, unable to decipher the message.” Sherlock said as Raz led them to a specific wall.
Sherlock didn’t abandon his search, currently he was eyeing something with the flashlight when he felt a rock flying past him and hitting the wall in front of him.
John hated this man in front of him. He wanted to stand his ground but what was the point. John looked at the two men in front of him and bit the inside of his cheek. He signed, “
After all this time; Sherlock managed to see John again, except this time, John was grown up. Sherlock knew that John was a year younger than him, so it was no surprise when he recalled knowing that a month ago John turned 18. Sherlock remembered how he locked himself in his room and did his yearly ritual; smelling the shirt he stole from John when they were younger and trying to imprint the barely faint smell into his skin.
The detective took deep breaths before he ran towards John, holding the man as he eyed John’s wounds. “Are you alright?”
The detective grabbed another newspaper and covered his face, reading over the new articles provided to him.
Moriarty giggled, “How subtle of you to not reveal his location. But are you sure about his whereabouts? Sebby!”
Sherlock simply nodded as he remained unmoved when the blond lifted himself. John left the detective on the floor as he went upstairs towards his room. He closed the door behind him and pressed his back against the wooden door as he softly thudded the back of his head against the door. The blond didn’t know what came over him, he couldn’t explain what the bloody hell just happened.
Sherlock could almost see the shining halo on John’s head every time John got something right. “Excellent. What else?”
Sherlock picked up the envelope and held it under a lamp, using the light to see through the envelope. “Nice stationery. Bohemian.”
Sherlock snarled impatiently and slapped Anderson across the face. “God fucking dammit, Anderson! I said you do you understand?! Your lack of response brings down the IQ of the entire school!”
John was at the market, as usual buying groceries since apparently his flat mate cannot be bothered to buy food even if they were starving. The blond grabbed everything that was needed and proceeded to make line at the checkout.
Sherlock was studying the blond as well, he noticed how John had warm eyes and a eulogistic smile that suited his face. The detective calculated every detail pertaining to the blond and Sherlock was bold enough to admit to himself that his flatmate was… what was the word? Attractive.
Sherlock prepared the camera and took a step back. “Shall we begin? Petal, you always know where to position our guest of honor.”
The detective remained frozen, not hugging John for a moment until slowly, very slowly, he wrapped his arms around John, holding the man firmly against his body. Sherlock buried his nose in John’s golden hair and smiled, a huge relief washing over him as he felt John in his arms. This odd sensation in his stomach was a questioning reaction that would be revisited later in the detective’s mind palace.
Sherlock and John faced the window when the screams of Alphas, Betas, and Omegas were amplifying in volume. And to Sherlock’s fear, those screams weren’t of people who were scared to see the person on television. The image on the television kept flickering, an unstable image displaying parts of the Alpha’s face with snippets of the Alpha saying
Moriarty pulled back the blade and eyed the blood seeping down the knife. “Awe, isn’t he sweet? I can see why you like having him around. He’s cute when he’s not hurt. But he’s so much more adorable when he’s in pain. I can see the pain flashing through your eyes, Sherlock. But then, people do get so sentimental about their pets. They’re so touchingly loyal.”
Mycroft narrowed his eyes and slowly approached his baby brother. “How are you and Mr Watson doing?”
“Shit.” Fucking hell, John needed to get this idiot to a hospital but before he could, he needed to lessen the intensity of Sherlock’s seizure.
Sherlock and John returned to the flat, keen on staying up all night and seeing if the bomber would appear again. For now, Sherlock sat on his armchair with his knees pulled up to his chest and sitting in his seat like a five-year-old while watching the telly. John was on his laptop, paying no attention to Sherlock when the loud shouts of Sherlock caught his attention.
Inside the gallery, a woman dressed in expensive clothes walked around, making sure everything was in order when she noticed a security guard staring at the Vermeer painting. “Don’t you have something to do?”
Each time he revisited that moment, it was always played out the same way except Sherlock would provide an alternative ending which involved an abdication to slowly resigning a small part of him that John would keep. A kiss was equivalent to surrendering one’s heart to someone and trusting that person to keep your heart safe from any danger.
“Oh well! Thank you very much, Mr Ewart, I believe you saved me from a harsh scolding that my husband would have definitely given me if I smoked.”
Sherlock got up and headed out the door. “Suitcase! Did anyone find a suitcase? Was there a suitcase in the house?”
Then the boy felt his small cock pulsating with desire when his nose detected the aroma of charcoal being incinerated, the black pebbles of charcoal emitted a suffocating mist of heaven that was crawling through Sherlock’s pores. And to seal off the ripple of scents that made the Omega boy feel like a hot disaster, was the aroma of wet dirt.
Sherlock released a mocking laugh. “And am I supposed to fall on my knees because you care about me?”
The sweet warmth on his face made him smile. He slowly opened his eyes and lifted his hands to rub the sleepiness out of his eyes. John rolled onto his back and silently sighed. Like every day, he would open his mouth to speak but he couldn’t. He tried to form any random words that he could say out loud but nothing came out. John raised his hand to his throat and deeply inhaled. He closed his eyes and he was taken back to his past.
Mr Ewart chuckled lightly while scratching his shoulder, which captured Sherlock’s attention. “Oh, you two are adorable. I love seeing young couples such as yourselves being happy. You two must really love each other.”
The detective wrapped his scarf around his neck and left the flat, grumbling underneath his breath as he hailed a taxi. He entered the vehicle and headed towards the crime scene.
The boy was crying when someone entered the bathroom, Sherlock immediately lowered his head and began to run the tap water. From what the Omega boy saw, he could make out the silhouette of a young female Omega with mousy brown hair pulled up in a ponytail. She entered inside a stall and Sherlock took the opportunity to splash water over his face.
Soo Lin Yao was in a room, making tea in one of the clay pots, completing her duty by caring for these ancient relics. She was minding her own business, doing her usual routine in a lowly lit room.
Sherlock became flushed and combed his fingers through his curls, trying to hide the shade of red coloring his cheeks. “Yes. My sex drive is quite high and I’m lucky to have a husband who’s willing to let me take him everyday. No matter what time of the day.”
John was sitting in the back of the bus with Greg Lestrade, Mike Stamford, James Sholto, and Stephen Bainbridge. At the front of the bus, there was Sherlock Holmes, Jim Moriarty, Sebastian Moran, and Phillip Anderson. Apart from them, there were three other boys who were considered “nerdy” and their presence wasn’t even detected by Sherlock.
The sharp cracks of lightning broke the sky apart, briefly illuminating London and then returning the streets to their prior fashion, which was darkness. The cold bitter wind nipped at the flesh of humans, scraping pieces of skin and making humans hiss at the fine but sharp cut. Every corner, every street, every turn, every anything was covered in rain and to no avail, this storm would last the entire night.
Joe took the opportunity to snatch the memory stick from Andrew and use the vital information in the stick to square his debts. Before Joe could so, Andrew went to look for him, demanding the return of the memory stick when an accident occurred. Andrew attacked Joe, with no other choice, Joe pushed Andrew back and witnessed Andrew falling down the stairs leading up to his flat and hearing the sickening crack of Andrew’s head meeting the concrete ground.
John shook the man’s hand; he gave the stranger a warm smile but John wasn’t sure if the handsome sexy stranger knew sign language.
Sherlock took another drag of his cigarette and blew another puff of smoke into John’s face. “And now, you’re taking your mother’s place and enduring all the beatings meant for her. Of course, being the main mistake of your father’s life, he uses that advantage to beat the shit out of you.”
The Omega boy threw the paper towels away when the woman gently touched his shoulder. “I have makeup if you want to cover that up.”
The detective realized what he did and became embarrassed as he accidentally licked the sauce from his finger. Sherlock was burning up with shame as he changed the topic.
The Alpha took deep breaths before he looked down and muttered incoherent words that didn’t even make sense to himself and pulled out the needle digging inside his flesh and threw the used syringe across the room. Sherlock took a few seconds to get himself together before he pushed himself off the floor and stayed still for four minutes, before commencing the process of walking.
It wasn’t his fault that he thought this way, the influence and beliefs came from his childhood experience. At a young age, Sherlock believed that Alphas, Omegas, and Betas were treated and respected the same way. In accordance to that belief, Sherlock’s parents always dealt with one another with care and respect.
Lestrade interrupted Sherlock, “For god sakes Sherlock. You didn’t have to give me his whole life story. Give the man some dignity or some mystery to those who don’t read people in one look.”
The detective looked around the flat, smelling the laundry and sniffing the milk. He looked down at the carpet and managed to make out a footprint. “I’m not the first.” Sherlock shouted to John. “Size eight feet. Small, but… athletic.”
Mr Prince held an affectionate gaze between the two. “Can I just say, that its pretty obvious that you two have sex everyday. There’s a sexual glow in both of your eyes, it sparkles brightly. Did you two have sex on the way here?”
The door closed behind Moriarty and Sherlock fell to his knees, rushing to John’s side and untying the rope around John’s hands. Once he threw the rope aside, he gently removed the parka from John’s body and slipped off the vest with the bomb attached to it. With every ounce of fear, Sherlock slid the bomb across the tiled floor, getting it far away from John.
The next chapter will be my interpretation of The Great Game. Get ready cause the hottie of all hotties will show up!
Sherlock —an Alpha— continued his deductions in prevention of letting his brain rot but he was not here to observe the ordinary life of humans. No no. Sherlock was here for another reason, he was patiently waiting for something to happen. His purpose as to being in this specific spot was part of a complex story that was made up of lies and truths.
The woman became impatient and punched John with the gun in her hand. “Stop lying! We know that his heart is you. So, what better way to lure in the fly with a bowl of honey. He will come for you but until then, I think he’ll appreciate a gift that involves your body being dead.”
Sherlock studied the signals John did with his hand, he didn’t catch the words that were being said but he had a clear idea of what this man signaled. He felt like a complete dickhead and stood shocked in place. Lestrade faced Sherlock and he immediately wanted to punch the detective in the face.
The detective sat up. “You’re acting different! Your movements are calculated! You reduce yourself to saying specific things that obscure your true feelings! You’re not openly speaking to me the way you did before!”
John went down to Mrs. Hudson’s flat and knocked on her door. The older woman opened the door, “Oh, John. What do you need love?”
Andy scratched the back of his head. “Look, I’ve tried everywhere — friends, colleagues. I don’t know where she’s gone. I mean, she could be a thousand miles away.”
For good measure, the Alpha began to punch Sherlock’s face to the point where the Omega boy couldn’t see anymore due to the rush of blood seeping into his eyes. After the beating, Victor hopped off the bed and removed his trousers along with his briefs. The Alpha stood semi nude, preparing himself to fuck Sherlock when the boy delivered a kick to the Alpha’s bare cock.
“Missile defense plans haven’t left the country, otherwise Mycroft’s people would have heard about it. Despite what people think, we do still have a secret service.”
So, on one gloomy morning, Sherlock along with his parents were at the front of the kingdom waiting for their cherished guests to arrive. From afar, Sherlock could see an elder couple coming hand in hand and a young man trailing behind them. Sherlock lost interest immediately and preferred to pay attention at the guard who was clearly having an affair with a young maid who was with child.
Sherlock was coughing painfully when the Alpha covered his mouth, the boy was screaming against the Alpha’s palm but Victor managed to smother Sherlock’s muffled cries. The Alpha growled against the boy’s neck, he inhaled Sherlock’s scent and began to deliver disgusting kisses that were coated in leftover drugs that had dried on his lips.
John groaned at the friction being created between his and Sherlock’s cock. Fucking shit, John hated the way his body betrayed him. The simple grinding of their erections was becoming an undeniable sensation of pleasure. But John was not going to give Sherlock the satisfaction of letting him know that his body wanted more of Sherlock’s thrusts.
Sebastian used the advantage of John’s disorientation and wrapped his hand around John’s neck, pressing John against the wall and snarling in his face. “I’m about to beat the shit out of you for hurting Jim and attacking Sherlock.”
The detective threw his head back in irritation when his eyes noticed something. “Tell me more about these teapots.”
Sherlock faced Miss Wenceslas, yelling at her. “This kid will die. Tell me why the painting is a fake. Tell me!”
Sherlock revisited his mind palace and began to scan through the memories when he jumped off the bed in relief. “Its John’s parents, they are responsible, not John. He’s innocent, he’s simply being used by his parents. He’s not the one to blame.”
Captain Kirk looked back at his fellow companion and gave an irritated sigh, “Look Dr Watson, you have been awakened from a cryogenic sleep, things may seem odd and confusing but believe me when I tell you that this man next to me is named Richard Brook. He’s been a loyal crew member on the enterprise and he has no record of ever being Jim Moriarty.”
The sun was making its way up in the sky, providing light to those who need it. To illuminate the roads and buildings that were frozen in place. Each bright ray that came from the sun, were hitting different places at the same time. The natural light that came from the sun invaded every home, letting every human being know that it was morning. Every person in London felt the sun, even John felt it.
Fuck him, John growled underneath his breath and wanted to push everyone aside to claim the delicious boy in public.
John growled viciously and grabbed Sherlock by his throat, enjoying the stream of blood seeping out of Sherlock’s mouth. “I’m gonna teach you about the meaning of pain, Sherlock. And let this be a fucking reminder that you will never touch me like that again. And if you do, I’ll grab a knife and slit your fucking throat.”
Anderson swallowed down the urge to cry at the sharp slap delivered to him and mumbled out, “I understand.”
“You know, you’re quiet for someone like Sherlock. I like that.” Sebastian leaned forward, coming closer to the detective. “The quiet sitting type… are usually the ones who are cougars in the sack. I bet he leaves you tired every morning, a great workout for you.”
John decided to walk outside, checking the other side of the tracks with a flashlight in his hand. He calmly walked along the tracks when he noticed splatters of yellow paint on the wooden panels below the tracks. The blond followed the splashes of paint until he was met with a black wall with yellow symbols all over it.
“There’s a hole in our security. Find it and we’ll pay you — five figures. This is an advance.” Sebastian offered Sherlock a check.
Soo Lin untied her shoe and slipped her sock down, exposing the heel of her foot, a resemblance of a flower tattoo imprinted on her skin. “You know this mark?”
Across from Sherlock, John was sitting in his armchair reading the newspaper. Ever since the revolution started, both John and Sherlock were used to the constant explosions outside and by this time, the sound of screams and bombs going off were white noise to their ears. John was reading a section in the paper that caught his eye and began to tell Sherlock about it.
Sherlock never held a tremendous interest in Molly Hooper but he could tell how much Irene wanted to own Molly. So, the taller boy would observe and enjoy how pathetic Molly Hooper was and couldn’t understand what Irene saw in her. But nevertheless, Sherlock never judged the taste of his friends. Instead, Sherlock watched as Irene grabbed the books in Molly’s hands and threw them aside.
John shook his head, why the fuck did everyone just take it for granted that the blond was sexually involved with the detective?
John couldn’t help but look down at the man’s body and shit, the tight navy-blue T-shirt that hugged his body definitely emphasized the man’s muscles. And the snug jeans hugging the man’s thick thighs were delicious to look at.
The detective found no alternative but to jump and fall backwards. The immediate fall crushed John, he released his grip and grit his teeth together as a sharp pain emanated from the blond’s back.
In a heartbeat, John could have sworn that he remembered his past life until the fire that ignited between them was blown out and the chance of remembering who he was, was gone… for now.
John was soaked to the bone, at last minute he regretted the outfit he chose but shrugged off his annoyance and went out into the rain. There was no time to quarrel over his choice in clothing for he was on the hunt for two werewolves. John was headed towards the subway station; he walked down a few slippery steps and entered the underground tube station.
John entered the bedroom, listening to the detective from the other room when someone came up behind him and covered his mouth.
“Tsk. Tsk. Oh Sherlock, even if you did have interest in this John, do you honestly think he’ll like you. I mean, he is a bit simple for your taste. I’d expect you to have done a lot better than him. Above all that, he’s mute. How useless he would be to you, imagine being surrounded by pure silence the whole time. How tedious. Come on Sherlock, are we hitting rock bottom?”
Sherlock and John went to Scotland Yard, keen on finding Greg and offering Lestrade the solution to their case.
John gave a small smile before he faced Sherlock, delicately caressing the Alpha’s cheek and leaning up to capture Sherlock’s lips. They halted for a bit and lost themselves in the tender kiss that John gave Sherlock.
The sudden rejection angered Irene and she delivered a sharp slap across Molly’s face, feeling the tip of her red nails slicing open the tender flesh of Molly’s lip. The unexpected hit caused Molly to lose balance but Irene grabbed the front of Molly’s shirt and slammed her against the wall, growling lowly and warning the shy girl to never do that again.
Golem fled towards the stairs, running up each step when Sherlock located the discarded gun and pulled the trigger. Each time missing his target, till finally Sherlock ran out of bullets and he angrily tossed the gun aside.
The detective opened the suitcase. “Been away three days judging by the laundry.” He stood up and faced John. “Look at the case, there was something tightly packed inside it.”
John felt rage bubbling inside him, how he hated those who considered him weak or always put him down just because he was mute. With no hesitation, he thrusted his head forward, head butting the woman in front of him. The woman fell back, shock displayed on her features as she wiped away the trickle of blood running down her nose.
Before Sherlock could even reach the bed, bullets were fired and the Alpha was forced to stay in place. Sherlock was seething in fury at being so close to reaching John yet not quite being able to protect his Omega. Sherlock lifted his hands in the air; waiting for the imbecile responsible for destroying his flat, putting John in danger, injecting a sedative into John’s body and more outrageously, touching the Omega without Sherlock’s consent.
Oh god, Sherlock felt a tightness in between his trousers and the taller boy made a confused face when he saw the evident erection growing in between his legs. Holy shit, this was the first time that anybody made him hard and desperate. This turned him on so much that it took every will and power inside of him to not attack Sebastian for laying his filthy hands over John.
Once Sherlock left Lestrade, the detective spent the whole day running through the streets, overthinking the situation that happened in the morning.
The detective got up from his chair and walked towards the window, “Is it too much to ask for some peace and quiet? Maybe, I want to stay in Mycroft. I thought you’d be able to deduce that. Oh, dear brother, you truly are becoming rather slow.”
The driver unlocked the door and without a warning, the Omega ripped open the car door and flung the Alpha driver onto the ground. John shot at the man, purposely aiming at the Alpha’s feet to scare him away. Luckily, the man took the hint and went off running. The Omega tucked the gun behind his lower back again and went towards Sherlock, grabbing the Alpha from under his armpits and lifting him to his feet.
Sherlock looks at the body and begins to deduce the dead woman when he abruptly faced Lestrade. “Shut up.”
Sherlock made eye contact with the boy before him and immediately recognized the Alaskan ultramarine blue eyes that once made his heart skip a beat.
John was not sure but he pushed that thought away and walked past Sherlock, trying to see if there’s any more routes that could lead them away from the camp. “Which way should we go?”
Mycroft prepared himself to explain everything to John. “The MoD is working on a new missile defense system, the Bruce-Partington Program, it’s called. The plans for it were on a memory stick.”
Sherlock pointed at John. “You’re a healthy man in your late 20s heading into your 30s and you’re struggling to acquire enough money to keep your small flat. You were struggling to find a job when you left your parents’ house. Yet, you have a degree in medicine, from the told of your hands, someone lets you practice in their private lab to console your failed accomplishment which you moronically couldn’t accomplish. A bit of a step down, for someone who went through all that trouble to get a degree and end up working at Speedy’s. So, you have endured a common problem that most people must have gone through in their lives. And funny enough, all this information about you still doesn’t answer the fact as to why you didn’t speak.”
Long time ago, near a fire, surrounded by dark skies with twinkling stars, John whispered against Sherlock’s curls, “
The man moved to the side and a mob of people entered the flat, Sherlock and John were attacked by Moriarty’s mob. Four of them, two Alphas and two Omegas went for John while two Betas and two Alphas seized Sherlock. Sherlock began to thrash against the people who were holding him back, he was snarling and baring his teeth at the idiots who touched John.
Soo Lin exhaled loudly. “Oh, yes. He’s my brother. Two orphans. We had no choice. We could work for the Black Lotus, or starve on the streets, like beggars. My brother has become their puppet. In the power of the one they call Shan. The Black Lotus General. I turned my brother away. He said I had betrayed him. Next day, I came to work and the cipher was waiting.”
The Omega boy hated himself, sure, he was cursed with knowledge and the power to deduce any living thing on this earth but having such brilliant-ness came with a price. That price was loneliness, the boy was always the main attention of ridicule, bullying, abuse, and harassment. Sherlock was used to this kind of abuse since he began to speak and at a young age, painful insults from his lips were enough to make other children afraid of him.
The D.I. couldn’t help but chuckle at John’s reaction. “Hardly anything left of the place, except a strong box. A very strong box and inside it was this.”
Sherlock looked up and saw John hunching over the armchair. “Oh, you’re angry with me, so you won’t help. Not much cop, this caring lark.”
“Look at me when I talk to you!” Sherlock snarled, grabbing John’s wrist and using John’s own hand to slap John across the face.
Lestrade took a deep breath and exhaled. “Okay, okay. What does that painting have to do with the stiff?”
John gently rested his head against Sherlock’s chest and followed the Alpha’s movements, they were softly swaying from one side to another. No music was needed for the shatter of glass and the breaking of homes were enough music to John and Sherlock’s ears. Sherlock pressed himself closer to John, directing their intertwined hands towards the Alpha’s beating heart.
Sherlock faced John. “Some secret societies used to send dried melon seeds, orange pips, things like that – five pips. They’re warning us its going to happen again.”
Sherlock and John exited the taxi and headed towards the crime scene. They approached the police tape surrounding the premises and were greeted by Sergeant Donovan. “Hello, freak.”
Sherlock quickly helped the shorter man up, “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to make you fall. I should’ve calculated this better.” He gripped John tightly and hoisted him up.
Sherlock approached Mr Monkford’s wife, tears forming in his eyes while his voice became gentle. “Mrs Monkford.”
The detective fisted Eric’s shirt, pulling the man forward, coming face to face with Eric. “But clearly, John is too nice to reject you. So, let me take the responsibility of sending you on your bloody way and next time, try to find another person to shag.”
The detective was thrown off guard for a second, he noticed that John was warm… of course, Sherlock spent the whole day running around in the cold wind. So, obviously, John would be warm because he’s spent the last hours inside the flat. But pressing his cold body against John’s warmer one was… nice. It was rare for him to enjoy someone’s company but he found himself not minding having John this close to him.
The Omega boy lifted himself on his tippy toes and bit his lower lip when he noticed that the man’s skin was tanned like the desert sand in the boiling hot dunes, his hair was an array of different shades that resembled fine wood, he had broad shoulders with massive biceps that could easily break the boy in two, and Sherlock felt himself drooling when he realized how thick and massive this man was.
But Sherlock liked where this was going but he knew, no matter how this would end, Sherlock would win. The taller boy ran his tongue over the seam of his lips and hovered over John’s mouth, mimicking the action of biting into John’s lip and making the gesture with his mouth so lewd that John turned away from Sherlock’s gaze and made a disgusted face, not giving Sherlock the satisfaction of believing that John enjoyed this.
That was the last string of patience being snipped into two pieces and John Watson was no longer holding back the urge to rearrange Sherlock’s face. When Sherlock pulled back to see John’s expression, he was expecting the boy to burst into tears. But what he saw instead, was pure rage and Sherlock was not prepared for the speed of John’s hands gripping onto the lapels of Sherlock’s leather jacket and head-butting Sherlock in the face.
John was to busy putting away the broom and mop into the closet that he didn’t hear Sherlock come in. The detective stood inside the restaurant waiting for John to notice him, water was dripping down his body, making a huge puddle around him. John turned around to fix the chairs when he paused at the sight of a man inside, the same man who humiliated him,
Victor seated himself on top of the boy’s body, his thighs were hugging Sherlock’s skimpy waist and the Alpha growled in warning. The Omega boy tried to escape the Alpha’s hold but Victor bared his teeth in annoyance and delivered a burning slap across the boy’s face. The Alpha continued slapping Sherlock’s face until the Omega boy felt blood oozing out of his nose.
“There was no ticket on the body. So how did he end up with a bashed in brain on the tracks of Battersea? That is the question, the one I was rather hoping Sherlock would provide an answer to. How is he getting on?”
The detective stomped his feet against the wooden floor. “Call in sick. Spend the day with me, please.”
The softest melody came from the violin, a beautiful melancholy whisper that made John want to fall back against Sherlock’s chest.
The blond choked on his tea and blushed crazily as the older lady began to giggle. Sherlock was confused as to how Mrs. Hudson emitted this reaction from John. It intrigued him but why? Why was he curious? Why was he feeling a bit angry that it wasn’t him who caused John to react this way? This felt a bit like jealousy. Sherlock ignored the stupid thought and cautiously eyed John.
Sherlock took in Jim’s words and faced John, there was no doubt that Sherlock was willing to become the devil if it meant saving his brave soldier. “Is there a treatment for John?”
Liz sadly wiped away a tear. “He didn’t steal those things, Mr Watson. I knew Westie, he was a good man. He was my good man.”
Since their awkward moment where they both almost kissed and the episode of Sherlock experiencing anger when his shirt was stained in blood. Things have become a bit odd between them. Anytime the detective hinted at the suspicious behavior that was correlated to sentiment, he would reserve himself to noiselessly gaze at the man.
Before they even reached the handle to the door, a bomb went off. The impact of the explosion caused Sherlock and John to fall back, they were both lifted off their feet and thrown against hard objects. Sherlock was thrown against the wall that was in between the kitchen and the door leading to the stairs. The Alpha banged his head against the shattered pieces of wood breaking down and was thrown face down onto the floor.
“Take my card. Take my wallet. Take it all because apparently you need more than one method to pay for food.”
At one point, Sherlock became disappointed in himself for missing a moment where he could have understood the meaning of affection. But instead, he resolved to roaming around the flat in his pajamas. Being as ever, bored out of his mind; he settled for slumping over his armchair with a silver gun in his hand and unenthusiastically, began to shoot the wall.
Sherlock grabbed the gun next to him, standing on his knees and giving John a look. John shook his head while he watched the red dots dancing across their bodies.
Sherlock and Greg returned to the flat, where Sherlock taped a map on the wall above the couch along with a series of photos concerning the cases they’ve worked on. “Connection. Connection. Carl Powers, killed 20 years ago. The bomber knew him, admitted that he knew him. The first hostage from Cornwall, the second from London, the third from Yorkshire, judging by her accent.”
“Exactly. He didn’t know the value of the pin, he just thought that it would suit her. A gesture intercepted as the form of an apology.”
Sherlock couldn’t physically prove why John and him were meant to be together but Sherlock called it intuition and that was enough for him. Sherlock looked himself over, he nodded in approval and went towards the window. A coach was waiting for him, Sherlock looked over his breeches and double checked to see if he looked appealing enough for he didn’t want to ruin the wedding for looking improperly dressed.
John tried his best to fix the problem but the fucking machine was not working with him, John huffed in annoyance as he banged the machine. He lost his temper and shook the machine which made things worse. Its as if the voice belonging to the machine became louder, attracting everyone’s attention which caused John leave everything. He exited the store with an annoyed disposition.
Sherlock released Eric, slightly pushing him back as Eric clenched and unclenched his fists. “Pretty clever that.”
Sherlock lifted his hands up to show he meant no harm, “Before you jump to conclusions, I came here to- “
Mycroft scoffed. “Don’t be ridiculous. Sentiment is clouding your judgement. You need to break off this wedding. You will enter the church and you will expose the Watsons for what they are. Murdering criminals.”
“A colleague? How do you get a colleague?!” Sally faced John. “Are you his boyfriend? Did he follow you home?” John shook his head.
“It’s been almost a month and you haven’t left your flat. I want to know why?” Mycroft studied Sherlock and tried to find the hidden truth.
The images of blood spilling across the floor revived his memories; the bite belonging to a predator who feasted on his prey could actually be tasted in his mouth again, the excruciating death that came afterward, and his beloved Omega choking on his own blood reopened a gateway that Sherlock hadn’t visited in centuries. The unmistakable proof that his mate died was… a lie.
Mycroft simply snorted and assured him that no friend of his owes him anything. John smiled widely at the term
In a world dominated by Alphas, Omegas, and Betas, life was good. Or at least from an Alpha’s point of view, life was extremely perfect. Alphas were the superior gender, anyone who was not born an Alpha were subjected to being exploited. Betas were in the middle ground; they obeyed any rule given to them by Alphas but they had enough power to oppress the inferior class known as Omegas.
Sherlock looked at the name tag on the man’s pectoral and with an irritated sigh, he said, “Thank you for finally showing up, Victor.”
Before the detective left, Raz grabbed Sherlock by the arm. “Make sure you keep this one. He’s quiet but very loyal. I can tell. Don’t break his heart.” Raz faced John, giving him a bright smile. “It was nice knowing you. If you were a sugar daddy, I would’ve so had something with you.”
John was not sure what this man’s game was but he wasn’t giving in. Sherlock saw that John was still not completely comfortable with him so he continued talking. “I know sign language. I’ve been studying it for weeks and now I understand it. So, we can talk.”
“If you don’t mind me saying so, you are honestly a handsome man.” She politely directed the compliment to John.
Spock weighed out his options and responded, “Dr Watson, there are actual documents stating the existence of Richard Brook. All these documents are legal and have not been tampered with, although I do believe that you are telling the truth but you lack physical evidence of the accusation that you’re presenting. I do agree that with your awakening, you may have damaged a part of your brain that modifies your stored memories into memories that could be false and you are susceptible to remembering incorrect data which causes you to believe that this man is Jim Moriarty.”
Everything was going to shit and the lack of normality resulted in the absence of cases that were knowingly solved by an Alpha by the name of Sherlock Holmes. Scotland Yard was overrun; since the rise of the unknown Alpha, police stations and any other occupation that dealt with the force have been pillaged. Weapons and security no longer existed.
Sherlock looked over the body again, taking out his magnifier and looking directly into the woman’s skin. “John.”
Sherlock wanted to become darkness; he wanted to create a sinister image that represented his true nature. A demon that craved to skulk about in the shadows and produce an infection that could wipe out god’s most weakest creations. This world belonged to the hidden ones, the ones who are vulnerable enough to give up everything in order to be owned by a darker force.
At this point, he was stuck in this part of his life, living in a small room and working to earn money to survive. As John came back to his senses, he looked to his left and realized how empty the space was next to him. For years, he’s been alone and he wondered how it would be to have someone at his side and have that person accept him the way he is. His mind drifted to remember what day it was. It’s Friday, yep he works today. He looks to his right and sees the time. It’s 8:30 am, well he has an hour and a half to get ready and go to work.
John shook his head and rolled his eyes as he became accustomed to being mistaken for the detective’s boyfriend or in this case, husband. Sherlock smirked as he took a seat.
Lines of grey and black were invading the screen when suddenly the image was clear and a familiar face appeared. John gasped when he saw who it was, he stared at the man on the screen and rose himself to his feet.
Mrs. Hudson let John in. “Of course, he is. He’s just upstairs, follow me.” John followed behind the kind woman and Mrs. Hudson politely asked him to stay by the stairs. She walked up to Sherlock’s door and knocked. “Sherlock?”
Under the rain, across the city, towards the darker parts of London, there was a death dealer on the hunt. The death dealer, Sherlock Holmes, was crouched on a ledge and blending in with the building’s dark shadows. The building was eight stories high but Sherlock was never one to be afraid of heights, instead he deduced the humans below him.
Moriarty smiled psychotically when his voice went a note higher. “Jim? Jim from the hospital? Oh, did I really make such a fleeting impression? But then I suppose, that was rather the point. Gotcha feeling groovy baby and rocking you like a hurricane.”
“Excellent!” John was startled at the detective’s reaction. “How, when and why? Is there a connection? There has to be.”
Yet, exposing the truth about John’s disgusting parents during the wedding and ruining John’s name was not exactly the traditional gift a groom must give to his future husband. Sherlock was not looking forward to that outcome but that didn’t mean that Sherlock couldn’t devise another plan that didn’t involve destroying the wedding and being the topic of scandal for months in their kingdom.
The detective began to cut open the envelope, carefully pushing the blade against the thick envelope until he opened it completely. Sherlock peeked inside and retrieved a phone with a pink case.
Sherlock knew exactly who saved him and he couldn’t say anything besides breathing loudly and feeling his small chest rising and falling. The man protectively slipped his colossal hands from the boy’s waist to his chest, rough fingers were splayed across Sherlock’s collarbones. The Omega boy felt himself hyperventilating and the boy couldn’t resist to wrap his slim fingers around the massive hands holding him down.
Sherlock squinted at the sight before him and felt the blood pumping through his heart becoming audible when the sight of a body being hooked up to a hospital machine became clear. It was faint, very soft, but the sound of the subtle beep that kept track of a person’s heart rate was becoming the only sound he could hear.
Sherlock finished the rest of his sentence for him. “Since you grew up with people bullying you, especially your brother, you’ve become immune to the idea of people not begging for forgiveness. So, when I decided to apologize, you panicked and didn’t understand how to handle the situation. You’re not used to kindness.”
John leaned down, coming closer to the detective’s face, his thumb grazed across Sherlock’s high cheekbone. The sudden touch caused the detective to rest his hands on the blond’s exposed biceps. His nimble fingers made small circles over the muscles that were currently forming. Sherlock lifted one hand towards John’s wrist and placed two fingers over the blond’s pulse. John rested his nose on the detective’s and to Sherlock’s surprise, he didn’t stop the blond from what he was about to do.
In his relationship with John; there would be a surplus of violence. Of course, there would violence inflicted upon John whenever his little scorpion needed a scolding or whenever John needed a reminder as to who he belonged too. But the essential use of violence would be manifested to those who Sherlock and John deemed promising to endure a life of pain and suffering.
John was still a bit concussed but he managed to thrust his head forward and knock out an Omega but before he could deal with the others holding him down, John felt a needle being pressed into the side of his neck. Sherlock yelled in anger, he managed to knock off two people at his side when he felt the same needle being injected into his skin.
Sherlock remained on the floor and kept replaying the scene that just took place in his head. The detective had no experience with this feeling, was it sentiment? The word tasted like vinegar in his mouth, he never cared for such things.
Eric gave his uncle a tight smile, the urge to punch Sherlock’s face was growing but instead he faced John. “We had a lovely conversation. Goodbye, John.”
Kirk immediately lunged towards John, forcing the doctor onto his knees and pressing the phaser against the back of John’s neck. “Stay down.”
That was Sherlock’s golden ticket; he wanted to represent the underworld of evil that can be pushed towards glory and freedom. So, being an angel was never Sherlock’s purpose but if the boy didn’t present enough traits that could deem him as an angel, then why the fuck couldn’t he be the devil.
Jim childishly shrugged his shoulders. “I would try to convince you, but everything I have to say has already crossed your mind.”
For four weeks, Sherlock was cooped up in his flat, never leaving at any time. He would remain at his window and not engage in any conversation with anyone. This was unlike Sherlock, Mrs. Hudson has studied his strange behavior and she was extremely concerned. Whenever she would go upstairs to see if Sherlock was at least still alive, she would find him reading books, looking out the window, or playing the violin.
“Are you deaf or just stupid?” Sherlock snapped. “I’m giving you a chance to leave. Take my offer before I change my mind.”
With his long coat and navy-blue scarf, Sherlock hurriedly went down the stairs and stood outside waiting for Lestrade to follow him. “Where too?”
This was honestly a horrible day for the wedding, the sky was pouring and it was freezing beyond belief, Sherlock anxiously wanted to insult the idiot who planned the wedding for today. Weddings, from what Sherlock knew, happened during beautiful sunny mornings with a breathtaking landscape that made all the guests happy.
Sherlock and John exited the cab, walking towards their destination and quietly enjoying the serenity surrounding them.
“Please accept my apology. I’m-I’m not very good at this. I’m not used to these things. This is all I can do, to show how deeply sorry I am.” Sherlock said softly.
Sherlock and John were in the taxi sitting silently. The detective was on his phone while John kept glancing at Sherlock. Sherlock noticed that the blond was itching to ask questions, so he lowered his phone and gave his attention to John, “Okay, you’ve got questions.”
Sherlock nonchalantly made his way towards John, who stood across from him. “Distraction over — the game continues.”
The detective was running so quickly that the adrenaline running through his veins was causing him to gain more speed. “We did it! Come on, John!”
Sebastian took John and the detective to a computer, where the footage of the office was being shown. At one moment, the graffiti didn’t appear then after 60 seconds it appeared. “So, someone came up here in the middle of the night, splashed paint around and left within a minute.”
Sherlock fixed his leather jacket and took a few steps forward, standing to his full height and overshadowing John while blowing a cloud of smoke into John’s face.
John admired the boy’s mouth and possessively caressed the boy’s lower lip with his thumb before snarling out, “No. I don’t suppose I will. In fact, I may never let you go.”
Sherlock gave the card he retrieved from the glove compartment to John. “Janus Cars. Just found this in the glove compartment.”
Sherlock inhaled deeply and sweetly whispered above John’s head, his voice sounding vulnerable and fragile, a sound that his Omega rarely heard. “You do know, that I love you John. I love you more than life itself.”
One of the destinations of the many students attending Kent College in Canterbury, England. A well-hidden boarding school that housed boys and girls. The school was split into two sections; one section belonged to the boys while the other section corresponded to the girls. Both sexes were segregated for the major part of their time; save for breaks that included breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
Sherlock felt his anger coursing through his veins, a menacing growl escaped his lips while he cocked the gun.
Angelo shook John’s hand and handed the blond and Sherlock a menu. “Anything on the menu, whatever you want, it’s free. On the house, for you and your date.”
“Oh, don’t worry. I’ll start studying when I get home. Now, that you’ll be with us, I want us to always talk.” Lestrade smiled.
“I imagine you’ll find the perpetrator actually being the victims’ mother. Clearly, she hated the reference of being called ‘stepmother’ by the children who belonged to her husband. Those children aren’t her biological son and daughter. And coincidentally, those children hated her which made the role of being a mother difficult. So, its no surprise that a knife slipped through her hands and the inevitable murder of these children happened.”
Sherlock closed his eyes for ten seconds and then regained his normal posture, the Alpha stood up and frantically looked for John. “John!”
Sherlock wanted to own the legislations that composed every note corresponding to the existence of John Watson; he wanted to possess the magical aura that defined the viability of John’s soul, he wanted to claim the years awaiting John’s cryptic future, he needed to make John his partner in order to bring forth the sunless abyss that could corrupt a good man’s reputation and he heavily desired the title that dictated John’s loyalty and vulnerability to be known as Sherlock’s mate.
Without hesitation, Jim pushed the blade into John’s back, causing John to press his face against the cool tiles of the pool and swallow down the pain of the knife digging into his bare flesh. A painful broken sound escaped John’s mouth while he withered in pain. Sherlock could easily feel the blade inside his body as well, too shocked to even react.
Sherlock smirked. “There’s no need to demonstrate. Clearly my taller height is an advantage to your shorter stature. And I can predict all your movements which makes it impossible for you to defeat me.” The detective turned his back to the blond and walked away. “So, its fairly obvious that you’d be putty in my hands.” Sherlock turned around and as expected, John was in front of him.
Sherlock would be considered stupid if he hadn’t noticed John’s odd behavior and the obvious space John has put between them.
“Alex Woodbridge knew that the painting was a fake, so somebody sent the Golem to take care of him. Was it you?”
Sherlock’s slender fingers wrapped themselves over John’s hand, correcting John’s hold on the bow. “You hold it like this.”
The two men rolled around the floor when the man grabbed a cloth and wrapped it around John’s throat, tightening his grip making sure that John wouldn’t escape.
“Has he done it to you already?” Sebastian asked John. “Oh, Sherlock is trying to make a good impression on you. Well, let me spoil your bubble, he could look at you and tell you your whole life story in one second.”
The smell around the atmosphere was cold, damp, and… antiseptic? Sherlock could barely feel the neurons bouncing around in his brain while the tingling sensation of nerves prickling at the base of his skull felt more like needles being penetrated through his flesh. Sherlock twitched when he scented an unknown aroma that immediately made him know that he was being held in a warehouse with only one way in and one way out.
Mycroft’s voice would hold more power over the knights and princes among him because he was Prince Mycroft Holmes. Which meant he had power over the decisions that would be made for the kingdom. Truly, Mycroft found his calling working behind the scenes and making decisions for the king whenever his father failed to show up for the meetings concerning the problems of the kingdom.
“This is his hunting ground, right here in the heart of the city. Now, that we know his victims were abducted, that changes everything. Because all of his victims disappeared from busy streets, crowded places, but nobody saw them go.” Sherlock touched his temples and tried to find an answer. “Think! Who do we trust, even though we don’t know them?” He was cut off by John.
“Its all over the place, haven’t you seen the posters? Dutch old master, supposed to have been destroyed centuries ago. Now it’s turned up, worth 30 million pounds.”
Somehow, he didn’t know how, Mycroft always snuck cigarettes made of low tar into Sherlock’s atmosphere.
Moriarty pulled back the door and revealed himself to Sherlock. Moriarty was a young man who was dressed in a sharp suit and had the most blackest eyes Sherlock had ever seen.
Mycroft thought John was adorable with his small notebook and taking notes, he seriously wondered why Sherlock was holding back and not admitting his feelings towards John. “He had an Oyster card but it hadn’t been used.”
Sherlock smirked, “It keeps me functioning. Also, to show that my deducing skills haven’t left at all.”
The detective lost interest in his brother and faced John. “How’s Gavin? How was it sleeping on the living room floor?”
Sherlock went back to St. Bart’s and occupied a small container with Mr Monkford’s blood, sampling the substance and delivering three droplets of a solute that would easily mix with the blood sample when his phone rang.
After John acquired all the information regarding Alex Woodbridge, he received a text from Mycroft. Mycroft was inquiring if Sherlock found any other information regarding the death of Alex West. John wanted to strangle Sherlock for not even paying attention to the case Mycroft gave him but that’s how John found himself sitting inside the house belonging to Alex’s fiancée, listening to the woman talk.
Sherlock made a grand gesture with his hands, emphasizing John’s form and facing his friends while laughing. “And the next thing you know, she’s pregnant with you. I could even tell you how many times your mother wanted to abort you. To be exact, she thought about it ten times and went to an abortion hospital twenty times. But like the coward she is, she kept you.”
Sherlock shook off those warm and foreign sensations traveling through his body and changed the topic. “Come on. We’ve got a bit of burglary to do.”
Mycroft did his best to convince Sherlock to leave London but the detective was hot headed and believed that everything would be restored to normal again. Since Sherlock didn’t want to leave, Mycroft did his best to send food and basic necessities to Sherlock’s door without having to worry about walking into the streets and getting mugged.
Sherlock stepped away from the car and began to walk towards the widow of the deceased, “Get a sample sent to the lab.”
The boy could count the streaks of cleaning products that went into disinfecting and cleaning the walls. Sherlock could tell the many times the sheets have been through the wash, by his count, the sheets covering his bed must have been washed about four hundred times. The Omega boy scrunched his nose in disgust when he realized how many couples have had sex here, the increasing number of couples that have covered every inch of this room in semen was changing from two-digit numbers to three-digit numbers.
Sherlock looked ahead of him, letting his gaze fall to nowhere in specific. “Someone’s kept them that way. Quite a bit of mud caked on the soles. Analysis shows its from Sussex with London mud overlaying it.”
King and Queen Holmes felt their mouths dropping open and smiling in relief when they viewed Sherlock accepting John. Both kingdoms would be united and Sherlock would be the next heir to the throne. Which is what led Sherlock to be in the position that he was in right now, Sherlock was adjusting his black tapestry vest and slipping on his velvet tailcoat.
Sherlock felt horrible, there was a longing pain that keeps appearing in his heart. This was the first time that he felt… sentiment for something or specifically a person. Sherlock was conflicted with the array of emotions crossing his brain so, instead he removed his suit, and picked up his violin from his chair and played a soft slow tune.
Sherlock watched John directing his back towards him, ignoring the detective. John grabbed the bow and slid it over the strings, to no surprise, a horrible screeching sound emitted from the violin. Sherlock removed his scarf from his neck, his eyes were twitching at the horrendous music John was playing. The detective came behind John, he pressed his chest against John’s back as his right arm came to rest over John’s.
Sherlock used the fleeting second of confusion —on John’s part— and pushed the Omega off him. Sherlock knocked the gun from John’s hand and flipped their position around, now the vampire was on top of the Omega, straddling his hips. Sherlock bent down towards John, his pale and cold hand caressing the Omega’s cheek.
The detective wrapped his scarf around his neck and took out a book withholding all the maps belonging to London, specifically looking for a map concerning the railways in London. “Exactly!”
“Good. That’s good, isn’t it?” Mycroft got up as Sherlock whipped the bow of his violin to the side.
The blond wanted to fall back and hide himself in this blanket. Why doesn’t anyone believe him?! Is it that difficult to believe that he isn’t this man’s boyfriend?
This is basically an interpretation of the study in pink, except I added in my own twists. Also, I wanted John to have a bit of the spotlight, because if you notice, in the first episode he’s kind of tossed around and forgotten, so I decided to change that.
Sherlock was tall for his age and he was rather lanky for an Alpha but his thirteen-year-old self-needed a few more years of growing before his strong Alpha body came to be. Victor was smaller than Sherlock but he was equally as tall. The Omega boy came towards Sherlock and asked the Alpha to take off his pants.
Of course, unbeknown to John, Sherlock had met the boy way before they encountered each other at boarding school. Sherlock remembered it like it was yesterday, he could recall meeting John when they were simply children. Sherlock could almost taste the words tumbling out of John’s mouth when the smaller boy greeted him for the first time.
John smirked and surged forward, keen on biting Sherlock’s face and snorting when Sherlock pulled away. “I’d rather stay on the cliff than join you and your insanity.”
John lifted himself from his seat and headed downstairs. Sherlock was confused as to why the blond was leaving. “John, where are you going! Didn’t you want to know what Rachel is?!”
The next morning, Sherlock and John went to a small restaurant because during their non stop cases, John hadn’t managed to get a bite of food. Which hasn’t escaped Sherlock’s notice, so Sherlock offered to go get something to eat, even though he’ll simple stare at John eating the entire time.
“No, she never got to the hotel. Look at her hair. She color coordinates her lipstick and her shoes. She’d never have left any hotel with her hair still looking…” Sherlock stopped talking and simply stared at John as he came to a realization. “Oh.” His eyes widened and his face lit up in excitement. “
There were different symbols everywhere, a new message waiting to be deciphered. John stepped back, jumping in glee to having found more evidence.
“Mrs. Hudson, I was wondering if you could prepare a specific tea for John, to help reduce his inflammation in his throat.”
Lestrade waved John goodbye and went rushing down the stairs. Sherlock waited until Lestrade was out of the building and leapt into the air while clenching his fists in triumph, and then twirling happily around the flat. “Brilliant! Yes! Ah, four serial suicides and now a note! Oh, it’s Christmas!” He reached for his scarf and coat. “John are you coming?”
The Alpha rested his cheek against Sherlock’s and inhaled deeply, nuzzling himself against the Omega boy’s curls and feeling the shivers of weakness in the boy’s body against his rigid muscles. “Your heart’s beating like a hummingbird.”
The detective snorted. “If you’re concerned about me having feelings for my flatmate, you are mistaken. I feel nothing for him, just mutual respect.”
Sebastian scoffed as he pointed at Sherlock. “Right. You’re doing that thing.” He faced John. “We were at uni together and your husband had a trick he used to do.”
“Obliviously irritating him and bleeding. Why? Because he’d recently had a booster jab. Hep-B, probably. Difficult to tell at that distance. Conclusion, he’d just come back from settling Ian Monkford into his new life in Columbia. Mrs Monkford cashes in the life insurance and she splits it with Janus Cars.”
Room service at the Waldorf Hilton in London was by far the worst service to ever exist. Sherlock was designated to room number 64. The Omega boy was standing before the mirror in the room, adjusting the tie around his neck and cursing at Mycroft for dragging the boy to this ridiculous event. Apparently, Mycroft’s mate, who was named Greg Lestrade was hosting a party in order to commemorate the higher position he acquired as being Detective Inspector.
“Of course. Of course, he wants information. He’s trying to communicate with his people in the underworld. Whatever was stolen, he wants it back. It’s somewhere here, in a code.” Sherlock pointed at a photograph.
The system in London was functional, everyone knew their place and everyone confided in the government to keep things at bay. Or at least, the citizens of London trusted the government to not overrule everyone to the point where the beginning of a revolution would be irrevocable. Times have been changing and societal perspectives have been corrupted by greed and egoism.
Sherlock removed his gloves and fumbled with them for a bit, leaning against the doorframe. “Perhaps I overstepped my boundaries this afternoon.”
“Oh sorry, didn’t I say? Joe Harrison’s flat. Brother of West’s fiancée. He stole the memory stick, killed his prospective brother in law.”
Sherlock was way beyond listening to John and he scarcely managed to hear a few words of importance before the Alpha abruptly turned around and faced John. “Dance with me.”
The detective spoke with Van Coon’s PA and figured out that Edward Van Coon was delivering a heavy package to a specific place before taking the tube and grabbing food at a restaurant.
John rolled his eyes as he removed his jacket, settling it on the coat hanger as he revealed his long-sleeved jean shirt and light grey vest. A look that fit him extremely well.
“Don’t make people into heroes, John. Heroes don’t exist and if they did, I wouldn’t be one of them.”
Sherlock worriedly faced John, noticing that John’s parka was beginning to absorb all the blood from John’s wounds. “Are you alright?”
John ran up the stairs and was welcomed by the sight of Sherlock holding his violin and Mycroft sitting in the chair opposite of him.
Since that night with the strange encounter with Sherlock, John came into his flat completely soaked in water. He tore off his wet clothes and jumped into the shower but of course, luck was not on his side for the next day he woke up with a runny nose and a horrible cough that burned his throat. John cursed at his stupid illness, getting sick was horrible, due to his vocal cords being damaged, every time he got sick, his throat would swell a bit, which made his coughs unbearable.
Sherlock approached the woman, scrutinizing her and deducing everything about her. “It’s a fake. It has to be. It’s the only possible explanation. You are in charge, aren’t you, Miss Wenceslas?”
So, it was no surprise to Mycroft when he physically had to drag his Omega brother from the boy’s room to the car that was waiting for them downstairs.
John zipped up his coat and left the flat. Once Sherlock heard John closing the front door downstairs, he quickly pulled out his laptop and typed into the website that he found the memory stick and if the bomber wanted to collect it… the bomber could meet Sherlock at the pool at midnight. Sherlock sent his response and smiled brightly, keen on meeting the bomber.
Sherlock reached the thirteenth floor, he stepped off the lift and was greeted by loud music and bright lights. The Omega boy was self conscious about his appearance but he managed to keep himself steady as he pushed past the crowds of people to reach his brother. Mycroft was lovingly holding Greg by the waist and nosing at the Beta’s scent gland, the boy tried his best to not vomit when he witnessed the display of affection.
Victor doubled over and groaned bitterly, he cupped his cock and looked up at the boy. The Alpha was ready to beat the Omega boy to the point where Sherlock’s face would be so swollen that you couldn’t tell where his features were. But that enraged desire never came to be for the boy delivered another forceful kick to Victor’s cock.
Sherlock was still looking at the window and the faintest quirk in his lips turned into a small smile as he mentally thanked Mycroft for revealing John’s full name. He’d been wracking his brain trying to figure out the man’s name but thanks to his idiotic brother, he acquired that valuable information. His smile disappeared as he faced his brother, “No. Why would I be interested in him?”
The detective looked back inside the café and kept his gaze on John and ignored Lestrade’s question.
Lestrade and John followed the detective out of the room while the D.I. yelled at Sherlock. “Sherlock, shut up! There was no case!”
Instead the detective decided to hit a nerve, “Well, Lestrade is not your type at all, yet you both clearly have taken interest in each other to the point where you both have slept with each other already. Yet, as much of an idiot that he is, I do not question your choice. I do not ask why you chose him specifically because I simply do not care. So, do not come to me with this speech of me choosing someone below my title. I choose whoever the hell I want and I do not need your permission to seek out someone. So, dear brother, will you have the intelligence to. Leave. Me. Alone.” The detective spit the last words out with such a force that it almost tasted like venom.
John and Sherlock stepped out of the flat, going opposite ways to complete their tasks. John began to walk calmly when he noticed a woman taking a picture of him but a car covered his view and the woman disappeared. John frowned and ignored the odd experience as he went to Scotland Yard.
John frowned as he signed the following words to Sherlock, but of course, the detective didn’t catch any of them. “
Jim chuckled madly. “Good, questions are improving. But Jesus Sherlock, can’t you tell what’s killing your boyfriend?”
Moriarty drove the blade down, piercing John’s side and twisting the knife inside the raw wounded flesh.
Then a familiar face appeared from the shadows, Sherlock bared his teeth and made a rabid sound that echoed throughout the empty space. The Alpha responsible for dragging John out of their flat was only seven feet away, an agreeable distance that Sherlock could take advantage of and rip apart the man’s throat with his teeth.
Sherlock gasped at the sudden movement and fell helplessly into the arms of the person who dared to interrupt his death wish. The Omega boy was on the verge of ripping himself away from the man’s arms when the familiar scent of the Alpha hit his nose. The boy felt his tongue becoming heavy and his entire body was failing to move.
The Omega boy kept washing his face, feeling his debilitated muscles clenching when he watched the bright colors of his blood disappearing down the sinkhole. The boy did his best to not wet his suit, though sadly streaks of blood stained the collar of his shirt but it could be easily hidden. Sherlock looked up at himself and immediately hated the person reflected through the mirror.
Sherlock pointed at the hung shoelaces towards the kitchen sink. “Boy suffered from eczema. It would be the easiest thing in the world to introduce the poison into his medication. Two hours later he comes up to London, the poison takes effect, paralyses the muscles and he drowns.”
The mantle on the living room was decorated with more photographs, the new symbols from John’s phone were enlarged for Sherlock to decipher. The detective decoded each symbol, every symbol corresponded to different numbers. Sherlock stood back, eyeing all the evidence they managed to acquire and ran the numbers through his head.
John slurped his spaghetti happily, though a small patch of sauce colored the corner of his lips. The detective couldn’t help but remove his glove and reach forward, wiping the sauce away from John’s skin and dragging his thumb across John’s lower lip. John remained frozen as he looked into Sherlock’s eyes, a fuzzy feeling bubbling inside his stomach.
Sherlock still couldn’t believe the blandness that over took John and to his dissatisfaction, he could already calculate that in two minutes he’ll have John on the floor sobbing and begging Sherlock to forgive him for even interrupting their time being spent with Molly. What a shame, John had such potential but Sherlock was happy enough to remind John that he ran this school and he was the one in control.
Greg slammed the folder against a table, “I’ve got cases for you.” The detective remained silent. “Many cases. Cases involving murder, blood, violence, and mangled body parts.” Sherlock still didn’t move or answer. Lestrade was beginning to worry at the lack of reaction. “There’s genocide involved.”
“Luggage.” He faced the man one more time. “Well, welcome to London. John, let’s go.” Sherlock closed the door and the taxi pulled away.
Lestrade poked the detective in his chest. “Because normal people don’t have these types of conversations. And since you’re not normal, this just makes things fucking weird.”
Sherlock, John, and Greg were in a garage of some sort where the rented car containing Mr Monkford’s blood was taken too.
John exited the restaurant as Sherlock followed him, the detective shrugged on his coat while his eyes were fixed on the taxi. The taxi lingered for a bit and then it began to pull away. Sherlock immediately started running towards the taxi, trying to catch up to the vehicle, while John ran behind him. John chased after the detective, adrenaline pumping through his body as a burst of excitement exploded inside him. They ran for a few yards until Sherlock halted, realizing they won’t reach the taxi in time to catch the killer.
John has been around the block as well —fucking both men and women— but none held the honor of having the Alpha claiming them with a poisonous bite. The Alpha was patient, he was sure that his mate would appear at any moment. John was sharply dressed in a mahogany velvet suit and heard Jim talking about the vacation he shared with Sebastian when John dozed off from the conversation.
Sherlock was on the verge of losing his mind when he pushed open a metal door, he found himself in a room filled with hospital beds. Sherlock took in the aroma of the room, flaring his nostrils, growling at the plague of disinfectant becoming too powerful for his sensitive nose. From what Sherlock could tell, this must be an illegal hospital with a lack of patients.
Mrs. Hudson rushed inside her flat and came back with the car keys in her hand. “Go save your man dearie.”
Well, why did he pull away from John’s warmth and rejected the opportunity of succumbing to any man’s desires?
“Which means whoever stole the memory stick can’t sell it or doesn’t know what to do with it. My moneys on the latter. We’re here.”
“Two men who traveled back from China were murdered.” Sherlock said to Andy, visiting the museum again. “And their killer left them messages in Hang Zhou numerals. Soo Lin Yao is in danger. That cipher, it was just the same pattern as the others. He means to kill her as well.”
The three men entered the office, facing a painting that was vandalized by yellow paint, a straight line going across the eyes of the man in the painting. Next to the painting, on the white wall there were two marks, an eight with a line on top, colored with yellow paint.
Sherlock went towards his laptop and began to type in his findings onto a website. “There’s still tiny traces of it left inside the trainers from where he put the cream on his feet. That’s why they had to go.”
Sebastian quickly placed John in a headlock position, grunting in pain when John repeatedly jabbed his elbows into his ribs. Sebastian had enough of John’s coarse thrashes and pushed John against the wall. The collision between the concrete barrier and John’s back was so brutal that John didn’t have enough time to stop himself from banging the back of his head against the wall.
There were many occasions where John forced every candidate in the corporation to their knees and humiliated them in front of the directors responsible for the creation of their secret corporation. And because of John’s fearless display of demeaning the superior class, the Omega’s reputation preceded him and every Alpha working beside him never dared to dominate John again.
Sherlock rumbled out a psychotic laughter and came face to face with John. “See, John. You’re obviously attracted to danger, to the thrill of the chase, to basking in the glory of violence. I can be that for you. You just need a little
Before jumping off the building, Sherlock looked down at the palm of his hand with a vulnerable glance that was threatening to melt away his mask of being a cold machine. Sherlock watched the glimmering shine of the dog tags being soaked underneath the rain; he’s polished it many times out of the ridiculous notion of sentiment.
Sherlock couldn’t help but smile at the adorable man before him. “You... you had a row with a machine? An inanimate object that humans have invented to clearly override and control.”
Sherlock stopped his rapid pace and looked up. “Her case! Come on, where is her case? Did she eat it?! Someone else was here, and they took her case.” He faced John. “So, the killer must have driven her here; forgot the case was in the car.”
The blond was sitting down as he watched the detective going behind desks and lowering himself. Sherlock kept bouncing up and down, trying to find a connection between the man’s office and the symbols left behind.
Sebastian came closer to John. “Watch closely, your husband will do the thing.” He faced Sherlock. “60 seconds apart.”
John remembered when he was young, his parents considered him an “odd” child. His mum and dad would always treat him delicately because of his silent defect. As a baby, he never understood what his defect was until he reached an age where he began walking and understood the large vocabulary his parents threw his way. At the age of 10, his parents sat him down and explained how when he was born, he had a certain “defect” which involved his vocal cords being damaged.
The British government slowly presented new laws that dealt with the surrender of rights belonging to Omegas and Betas. The Omega and Beta gender were unaffected by these minor laws. So naturally, no one paid attention to these changes, everyone remained in their daily routines and contributed to maintaining their lifestyle in London.
John sat down in the armchair and continued looking around the flat. Mrs. Hudson rushed up the stairs. “What is it dear?”
Sherlock and John made their way to the library, going up the escalators while the detective explained everything to the blond.
sound at having John’s cock smooshed against his face. John allowed himself to fall and made a 360 spin on Sherlock’s neck, making the Alpha dizzy and forcing him onto the floor.
The detective looked out the window and smirked. “Four floors up. That’s why they think they’re safe. Put a chain across the door, bolt it shut, think they’re impregnable. They don’t reckon for one second that there’s another way in.”
Sherlock charged towards John, roughly gripping John’s face with his strong slender fingers and coming face to face with John. “I can call you whatever the fuck I want. Or should I call you the mistake that made your parents regret your existence. Obviously by the fading bruises on your arms and neck, its clear that your father abuses you which leads me to deduce that he abuses your mother as well.”
John warmly smiled at the memory and realized that maybe Sherlock, was a good man. He forced himself to get up from his bed and get dressed, for he had a place to be.
John was sitting in a chair, his unconscious body slipping sideways as the ropes around his body prevented him from falling to the ground. Blood trickled from his temple and stained his cheek due to a horrible blow to the head. The blond slowly started to wake, regaining his consciousness as he threw his head back.
Sherlock helped John to his feet, the Omega stumbled a bit and leaned towards the Alpha’s side. Sherlock wrapped his arm around John’s waist, balancing the Omega and taking careful but hasty steps towards the door. They didn’t even reach the threshold of the door when a man with light brown hair and clear blue eyes stood before the doorway.
Unexpectedly, the blond thrusted his leg towards Sherlock’s ankles, swiping the detective’s legs beneath him.
John walked towards the coat hanger and grabbed his coat, not wanting to be in the same flat any longer with the insufferable man who was known as his flatmate.
Sherlock could already admire the shameless way of how his cock would look after making John bleed for him. Sherlock built up his speed and used his free hand to touch the blood and pre-cum on his cock. Once his clean fingers were stained with John’s blood and his pre-cum, Sherlock ravenously entered his fingers inside his mouth and moaned at the tase of John and him mixed together.
Before leaving Scotland Yard, the Beta telephoned Sherlock and told him that there would no longer be cases for him and that he was sorry to not be the main source of Sherlock’s cases anymore.
John immediately shut the door of the fridge when he spotted a severed head resting inside. John rolled his eyes and went back into the living room where he sat down in his arm chair and glared at Sherlock.
Mr and Mrs Holmes recognized one another as if they belonged to the same status and gender. Even if by law, Mr Holmes was an Alpha and Mrs Holmes was an Omega. Seeing this highly developed relationship caused Sherlock to believe that one’s secondary gender was irrelevant. That was until he began school and his perspective concerning Omegas was altered.
Jim sported a sad face and made his way towards Sebastian. “Ouchie, Sherlock! I thought you’d be more than pleased to see me?”
The detective faced John and Lestrade before he answered the call, staying quiet for a few seconds before he softly said, “Hello.”
The Omega boy couldn’t handle this anymore, he didn’t want to exist any longer. The boy felt claustrophobic, he needed air. Sherlock remembered that the lift had a top floor that led towards the rooftop. Sherlock figured that falling was like flying except there’s a more permanent destination… his death.
John was with a worker who dealt with the train tracks where West’s body was found, trying his best to figure out the case by himself while scavenging for data. The constant haggle he experienced from Mycroft was becoming tiresome.
Sherlock’s eyes followed John and his lips parted to word a few lines of regret but again, nothing came out. Lestrade made eye contact with Sherlock and the detective went inside his flat, and slammed the door behind him.
Sherlock slammed his fists onto the table, scaring Mrs Hudson and turning to face John while John tried to understand what the hell just happened. “Clostridium botulinum. Its one of the deadliest poisons on the planet. Carl Powers.”
Sherlock did wish that John’s transformation could have been more magnanimous but like any other boring thing that exists in this shit world, nothing ever manages to create a surprise. Sherlock reached inside his pocket and wrapped his fingers around his lighter while he used the other hand to hold his cigarette between his index and middle finger.
The detective turned over the phone. “Well, obviously its not the same phone, but its supposed to look like the original one. Though this one is brand new. Someone’s gone to a lot of trouble to make it look like the same phone.”
As the years progressed, Omegas were equally respected as if they were Alphas or Betas. But that didn’t stop Alphas with a prejudice nature to look down at Omegas like they were sex machines waiting to be fucked and become pregnant with pups. John fought hard to earn his respect in the corporation and he did, but the problem of discrimination against his gender wasn’t caused by those who ran the corporation, rather the new candidates that were becoming field agents.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and ruffled his curls as he walked across the room. “How is that any of my business. I don’t care if it’s the Prime Minister or the Queen of England coming over for a cup of tea. I’m not seeing anyone!” He shouted. “I’m not wasting my time on a nobody when my time is much more valuable. Send the stupid idiot away and leave me alone!” Sherlock shouted even louder.
Molly shakily picked up her books and ran towards John, staying close to John’s side and avoiding Irene’s angry gaze. John took off his jacket and wrapped it around Molly’s body, shielding the poor girl from the group of assholes before them and never letting his guard down. John placed his arm around Molly’s shoulders and quickly left the scene.
Mary was two feet away from grabbing John when she abruptly stopped in her tracks, flaring her nostrils to breathe in the faint yet familiarly disgusting scent that was rushing through her nose.
Throughout the entire scents of heat and blood, he can smell the waves of an oasis existing in the desert, the small thriving patch of green resembled the definition of John Watson. Sherlock fell in love with John’s scent and there was nothing in this world that could make the Alpha change his Omega for another partner.
He followed the trail of paint and came back to the front of 221B when he looked up, the cipher that was seen at the bank and at the library was painted across the windows of the flat.
John stole a glance from behind him and to his pleasure, a man and a woman kept up with his pace. For the past two blocks; John felt the prickling sensation of being followed and with accordance to his plan, being tailed after was exactly what he wanted. John felt the gun perched behind his lower back sticking to his skin, in no time, the Omega would have the pleasure of using his gun against the werewolves.
existence. The roles of every Alpha, Beta, and Omega in society would be reduced to complying orders from the government and becoming slaves without rights. To put even more salt into the freshly marred wounds, everyone’s history would be wiped out.
The taxi driver took out a pink smartphone from his pocket and sent Sherlock a text. A moment later, the detective’s phone chimed and Sherlock read the message:
The detective was beyond confused and wasn’t completely understanding what was happening but he forced his legs to walk through the door. John closed the door behind him and resumed to cleaning the new mess.
Sherlock nodded, “Exactly. They provide a very special service. If you’ve got any kind of problem — money troubles, bad marriage, whatever — Janus Cars will help you disappear. Ian Monkford was up to his eyes in some kind of trouble — financial at a guess, he’s a banker — couldn’t see a way out. But if he were to vanish, if the car he hired was found abandoned with his blood over the driver’s seat…”
Liz angrily faced John. “Everyone’s got debts and Westie wouldn’t want to clear them by selling out his country.”
John grunted at how heavy Sherlock was but without caring about his physical state, the Omega growled in difficulty but sighed in relief when he managed to sling the Alpha onto his shoulder. In a clumsy manner, John reached the car and with as much gentleness as he could manage, deposited Sherlock into the passenger seat.
Once he disappeared, the detective cradled his head and took deep breaths. “What the hell is happening?”
John nodded as he turned to face the detective, their noses softly grazing against one another as they both stared into each other’s eyes. Sherlock looked inside John’s eyes and immediately noticed that unexplainable sensations were bursting through his body. The detective noticed that his heart was beating faster than its usual pace, it was audible to his ears, the mild yet firm heartbeat… a sound he wasn’t used to hearing.
Jim came to stand behind John, lowering himself to whisper next to John’s ear. “Sherlock, its rude to ask someone who is mute to speak.”
taste like plump grapes filled with juicy ambrosia waiting to be squirted out. Fucking hell, John wanted to lick up the streams of grape water running down the boy’s pale and long neck, leaving behind angry bite marks that would most certainly leave the boy squealing like a defenseless lamb would when a dangerous predator sinks their razor sharp teeth into the
Sherlock felt the shivering goosebumps running down his body at almost feeling the warm breath against his ear. Sherlock was this close to running after the Omega and claiming John as his mate again, when the werewolves entered the tube station. Sherlock growled in annoyance and hid himself behind the pillar.
John wanted to answer the man’s question but Sherlock beat him to the punch. “Yes. Been married for four years. If I recall correctly, Mr Monkford hired the car from you yesterday.”
John left the morgue while Sherlock remained behind, observing the dead body once more before leaving the morgue as well.
Sherlock was busy taking in the details that Mrs. Hudson provided and he did consider John to be… well, a
Before John could respond, Mrs. Hudson came in, interrupting the warm moment. “Here you go dearie. This will make the inflammation in your throat to die down a bit.” She handed the tea to John.
The private bus that was designated to take the entire section of the boys from Kent College to Camp Redwood was being driven by Spalding, an older quiet man with a disheveled nature and long hair. Spalding calmly drove towards Camp Redwood, he looked in the rear-view mirror and saw a tall boy with wild curls standing up and walking towards the back of the bus.
Moriarty pointed at Sherlock. “Its not about gaining money from those idiots who want me to organize their crimes. Its about sending a message, its about showing the world that you and me, we have a lot in common. And we can do great things, Sherlock. And I’ve seen it, you are capable of destruction and chaos but you are always pulled back to the ground by our own Johnny boy here.”
Mycroft felt a huge weight being lifted off his shoulders as he placed his hand over his chest and exhaled loudly. Sherlock felt his worst fears dissipating into the air, the hope of still having John was restored. Sherlock lowered his head, purposely hiding the tiniest smile forming on his lips before he returned to his expressionless gaze.
Jim grabbed John’s hair, pulling his head back and grazing his teeth across John’s cheek. “But after beating him for forty minutes, I understood what you saw in him. He’s feisty, you should have seen the fight he put up with Sebby. Quite the show. But Johnny boy needs to understand that’s he’s a horse who needs to be broken.”
“We hated it when he did that. We’d come down to breakfast in the front hall and this freak would know you’d been shagging the previous night.” Sebastian said with a laugh.
Pictures of their candidates were a necessarily boring standard procedure that vampires must follow before going out into the public and massacring their fellow werewolves. A simple yet dull system that kept track of every werewolf eliminated by death dealers. James reviewed the photos taken by his camera; with a hiss of disgust that exposed his fangs, he looked up and made eye contact with Sherlock.
The photo of a car appeared and Sherlock showed the photo to Lestrade. “It’s abandoned, wouldn’t you say?”
He ran to the right side of the cab and opened the door. “Police! Open her up!” Sherlock was panting heavily as the passenger looked completely confused. The detective huffed in annoyance as John managed to reach his side. “No.” He looked at the passenger again. “Teeth, tan: what — Californian?” Sherlock looked at the luggage on the floor. “L.A. Santa Monica. Just arrived.” He faced John in disappointment.
Sherlock pointed at the screen. “Pollen. Clear as a map, south of the river, too. So, the kid who owned these trainers came to London from Sussex, 20 years ago and left them behind.”
John appeared behind Bainbridge, delivering a harsh blow to the back of the werewolf’s head and making the target stumble forward before falling unconscious. John quickly held onto Bainbridge, making sure that Mary didn’t hear her partner falling to the ground while hoisting Bainbridge over John’s shoulder.
Jim hungrily squeaked and winked at Sebastian as his mate left through the back door. “It’s fun having a killer as your mate. You should try it sometime. Oh wait, you go for ordinary pets that are scheduled to die, do you not?”
An intrusion of a microphone and a camera would be installed to hear everyone’s conversation and record everyone’s private life. There was no place that was considered safe; people who were dealing in the transaction of drugs were kidnapped at night and never seen again, infidelity among a couple would be made public and murders were on the rise, hushed conversations dealing with the governments’ dominance were traced back to those who spoke those words and were never seen again.
“The world’s run on codes and ciphers, John. From the million-pound security system at the bank to the PIN machine you took exception too. Cryptography inhabits our every waking moment.”
Sherlock began to stroke himself off, steadily running his hand up and down his cock and greedily chasing after his orgasm. Sherlock was beyond the realm of reality, images of him and John participating in the sacrilegious act of sex were consuming his thoughts. Sherlock was panting roughly when he dipped his head forward and noticed his cock covered in blood.
It was clear that John was sexually attracted to Sherlock but besides that, the Omega didn’t react to his presence. Sherlock felt his world spinning and a heavy lump was growing in his chest, making it difficult to breathe.
Sherlock walked up to John, pressing both hands against John’s head and bringing him face to face with Sherlock. “We have a lot to talk about.”
The blond parked the car in front of the college, seeing the taxi car parked as well. He looked at the two identical buildings, John looked back at the screen again, and huffed in annoyance when he realized there wasn’t a specific location showing where the phone was. The blond held the gun in his hands and chose a building.
Sherlock whipped around to see the person who talked back to him and with one sniff, the Alpha knew this man was an Omega. “Can you? Seeing as I’m the Alpha here, I think it is by law that you must do what I say and you should apologize for bumping into me.”
John spent the night at Greg’s place, they both enjoyed drinking way too much beer and getting drunk while insulting Sherlock’s existence. It was a good night but eventually, the sun appeared in the sky and John said his goodbyes to the detective inspector. John walked back to 221B when he was met with a destroyed flat, he pushed through the crowd of people and reached the door to 221B.
Sherlock placed his hands behind his back and lazily followed Lestrade inside. He stood next to Lestrade and assessed the menu. “The distraction of our bodies yearning for food is quite baffling. Very dull and boring.”
Lestrade was eating a donut while informing John and Sherlock about the woman who was on the verge of death, “She lives in Cornwall. Two men broke in wearing masks, forced her to drive to the car park and decked her out in enough explosives to take down a house. Told her to phone you. Check out the read out from this pager.”
John’s eye twitched, the very air that Sherlock possessed was equivalent to meeting death for the first time.
John growled at the submissive words dripping from the boy’s luscious lips and enjoyed the tremble that traveled through the boy’s body when the beastly sound emitting from John’s mouth scarred Sherlock for life.
Lestrade watched Sherlock leaving in the vehicle, which caused him to announce that their business here at 221B was a waste of time and they should leave. The D.I. bid John farewell and in an instance, Lestrade’s men were gone, leaving the blond alone.
Sherlock snorted and rolled his eyes, “Take out the female werewolf, I’ll take care of the other one. Ready, cover for me.”
Sherlock stared at him, completely dumbfounded. “What? What do you mean, how?” Lestrade shrugged. “Rachel!” Sherlock looked at John in triumph, but John wasn’t understanding anything. “Don’t you see? Rachel.” Everyone looked at him blankly and the detective began to laugh at the idiots surrounding him. “Oh, look at you lot. You’re all so vacant. Is it nice not being me? It must be so relaxing. Rachel is not a name.”
The owner of Speedy’s came out of his office and handed John his check, “You sure you can close up alone?” John nodded. “Alright, get home safely John. Goodnight.”
Fear was instilled in every citizen and everyone was on the full brink of paranoia. After that announcement was relayed, another law was being recited. The British government deemed it mandatory to erase everyone’s information on the system and recreate London.
The detective swallowed his saliva. “He’s too ordinary. And being with someone means that you’ll put them in danger. I don’t have time to save those who are dear to me when there’s a bigger problem waiting to be solved.”
Sherlock crouched over the body, studying the dead corpse and observing the man’s clothes while taking in mind the discoloration of the man’s skin. The detective stood up and signaled John to check out the body as well.
Sherlock took that spilt second to remove John’s hand from his throat and delivered an unforgiving punch to John’s face. Once Sherlock managed to manipulate John’s position, he flipped them over. Sherlock slammed John against the floor of the bus and placed his entire weight on top of John. Sherlock secured his hands around John’s wrists and pinned him down.
Sherlock and John entered a massive bank, the blond was not surprised that when the detective mentioned
“No one touches him. Am I in anyway unclear?” Sherlock said in a scarily low voice, cutting off everyone’s questions.
So now, here he was, the Omega boy was left alone in a huge room that reeked of previous residents that had a knack for perverting the sheets with semen and slick. Of course, the workers at the hotel tried their best to present the room the way every other resident expects it to be but it was no secret that this room was painted in filthy arcana with multiple forbiddances.
Sherlock didn’t expect the spiteful comment and for a second, he was surprised to see a burning flame coming into the light.
Sherlock cocked the gun when James appeared before him, shoving Sherlock’s gun into his coat and growling at the vampire to stay put. Sherlock wanted to tear James’ throat apart but James left before Sherlock could do so. The Alpha knew that he was here for a mission and for now, he wouldn’t fuck it up. But that didn’t mean that he couldn’t keep a watchful eye on his mate, John Watson.
Once the call finished, Sherlock jumped up excitedly and reached for his coat. “Lestrade has summoned me. Coming? And don’t say that you’re working today because clearly that’s a lie.”
Irene decided to teach Molly a few lessons about showing manners to someone who showed interest in her when someone cleared their throat and darkly said, “Get the fuck away from her.”
Sherlock didn’t catch John’s hand movement, so John grabbed the pillow resting behind his lower back and threw it at the detective’s head.
It was a painful process; leaving behind the sweet escape of injecting the golden streams of death into his veins. And it wasn’t until the age of eleven, did Sherlock realize that he didn’t want to be anything like Mycroft. The boy didn’t want to be equated as a gentlemen, he didn’t want to suffer the stages of bullying that would eventually appear once everyone knew of the deduction quality that he possessed, he didn’t want to follow orders in respect to keeping the peace and he certainly didn’t want to follow the steps of his brother which included gaining a boring position in the British government.
Shan laughed. “No use trying to escape, if you don’t tell me where it is, I’ll take your head with me to hell!”
Sherlock and Lestrade arrived at Speedy’s after a long taxi ride when the detective froze completely. The spectacle taking place before him was a ghastly sight that made Sherlock sick to his stomach. John was behind the counter, smiling and laughing openly with the man before him. The stranger talking to John was clearly trying to be as close to John as possible.
But this newly discovered truth corrupted everything, if there was a way, he could prove that John was innocent and place the blame on John’s parents, then Sherlock wouldn’t hesitate to do it. But his brother threatened to end John’s life and if Sherlock could prevent anything, he could obviate the chances of any harm befalling upon his beloved prince.
Lestrade shakes his head disapprovingly and laughs, “I need to find you a case so I can prevent you from insulting and humiliating people.”
Sherlock came closer to John’s face, his cold breath splashing over the Omega’s skin. “Don’t you remember me?”
John looked up from the paper and made a questioning face. “What? Haven’t you been listening to anything that I’ve been saying?”
“Brilliant! Get a hold of his diary or something that will tell us his movements. And I’ll go see Van Coon’s PA. If we retrace their steps, somewhere, they’ll coincide.”
He and his parents would have full conversations and it lastly made John happy. His parents were the only ones who never humiliated him except his sister, Harry. She would always bug him and laugh at the fact that he couldn’t say anything. Thanks to his early experience of being bullied, he was used to harsh comments thrown his way or at least he was numb to them. His parents encouraged him to continue his dreams and never let his defect put him down.
“Dearies, you both honestly need to wash your own clothes!” The landlady entered the flat upstairs and gasped in shock. “Oh, my goodness! I saw nothing! At least warn me when you’re about about to have sex.”
Sherlock nodded and returned his gaze to the laptop before him. John placed the bag of groceries on the kitchen table and sat down in his arm chair.
Sebastian took a few steps back, giving John a deadly gaze and promptly making his way towards Jim. John looked back at Sherlock, ready to continue where they left off when the taller boy swiftly stood on his feet and hungrily smiled at John. Sherlock was hunching over a bit but stood his ground, feeling the droplets of blood slipping from his face and falling onto the ground.
Sherlock threw his head back and chuckled. “Oh, come on proving it is just a detail. The painting is a fake. I’ve solved it, I’ve figured it out. It’s a fake, that’s the answer, that’s why they were killed. Okay, I’ll prove it. Give me time. Will you give me time?”
John went to lean against Sherlock’s body, firmly holding onto Sherlock’s arm and gazing up at his ‘husband’. “
The boy deduced the woman again and frowned. “I doubt you’ll have anything that goes with my skin color.”
“We need a faster route!” Sherlock angrily shouted. The detective raised his hands to either side of his head and concentrated on finding the the map of the local area in his head, to quickly calculate the faster route.
The blond looked over his shoulder, the detective and Raz were still talking to each other while John calmly walked back to the flat.
“Good job, sunshine. Want me to give you a round of applause or should I just let you go and finish your assignments for biology which you’re obviously behind on.”
“Well, usually, he… must stay above it all. He organizes these things, but on one ever has direct contact.”
John tried his best to not meet Sherlock’s gaze but his eyes met with Angelo’s across the restaurant. Angelo was behind the bar and he made a heart shape with his hands and blew kisses to John and Sherlock. John couldn’t help but smile in embarrassment and instead, he faced the detective, but he was met with starry blue eyes observing him. When their eyes met, Sherlock quickly broke the contact and resumed to staring at the window.
John laughed and looked at the entire crew viewing the argument, “Wow, you have all been seriously tricked by him. What did he do? Brainwash all of you? Look, I know I’m not a part of this crew or mission and I’m just a civilian but you must believe me when I say that the most dangerous criminal and enemy is here. And he’s right next to you. Tell them, Moriarty! Tell them what you did to Sherlock and me!”
John kneed the man in the stomach and delivered a punch to the man’s face, kicking the man back and tackling him.
Sherlock remained quiet, thinking about the words Mr Prince said and thinking back to all the moments when Sherlock felt the need to hold and kiss John. Sherlock never felt this way for anyone before but Sherlock considered relationships as wasteful distractions that weakened people and made them more vulnerable.
Greg gently bumped John’s shoulder with his. “Me too! I honestly find Bilbo Baggins so fucking adorable. I’d marry him.”
John smiled tightly as watched Jim walk away. John fidgeted with his fingers, wanting to get rid of the paper in his hand which clearly held Jim’s phone number.
Sherlock and the blond quickly left the museum, their day being spent completely and the welcoming of night appeared already.
Besides, the unnerving feeling of knowing but not knowing who this man is, was throwing John off a bit. John broke away from the Alpha’s scrutinizing gaze and turned to see the train coming from the tunnel. John needed to get on this train to lead the targets towards a part of London where he would torture and kill them without any inconveniences.
The detective had his back towards the door when the man slipped out the window. Sherlock caught a glimpse of the man escaping.
The building was tall, the long way down seemed like the perfect drop but Sherlock wondered if the building was high enough for him. The Omega boy felt his lower lip trembling as he began to weep, he hated everything and everyone hated him. There was nothing more to offer, the world was just a spinning planet with the benefits of gravity and natural resources.
The detective looked at Lestrade. “Is there something working incorrectly to be considered that there’s something wrong?”
Before Sherlock could jump out from the coach, the wheels of the coach went under and slipped off the bridge, falling into the river. Once the coach went overboard, the prince was brutally thrusted towards the front of the coach but Sherlock held onto a handle located above him. Then, with the nauseating feeling of one’s guts hanging in mid air, the coach fell towards the water.
Soo Lin was standing in the middle of the room, breathing loudly when she felt a presence behind her. She turned around and was face to face with her brother.
Sherlock was stunned, no death dealer that belonged to the clan of vampires has ever experienced the improbability of a werewolf, much less a human, challenge the speed of their bullets. This unrealistic and unheard-of event had the same effect on John but there was a still a job to be done. John shook off the initial shock and growled, taking advantage that the vampire was distracted and with one bullet, he could kill the Alpha.
Sherlock’s eyes widened in shock as he clenched his fists. An odd feeling was clawing at his throat and blossoming throughout his chest.
When he was a young boy, other children bullied him because he was known for verbally showing off his brilliant gift which included deducing others and revealing truths that no one knew until now. Naturally, not everyone found Sherlock’s gift appropriate or appealing, which led to many Alphas beating Sherlock to the point where his baby Alpha self couldn’t walk to school alone without falling to the ground and screaming in pain.
. Sherlock hasn’t had a case in weeks, well to be accurate, months. He’s been home everyday waiting for Lestrade to text him about a new case or show up at his flat to deliver any kind of news but nothing came.
In a few hours or so, Sherlock would be inside a cathedral where him and John would make their vows and be married. It was odd for Sherlock to be excited but it would be an understatement to say that he wasn’t looking forward to the wedding. Of course, he hadn’t known John for very long except for their previous meetings together but he knew that soldier prince was meant for him.
But the days began to linger longer and the violence in London was just at the peak of its maturity. Those who have survived, stayed inside their homes and begged for the people outside to not enter their homes and murder everyone in cold blood. Which is what Sherlock reserved himself to do everyday, except beg to god to be spared because he found it silly to make such a request.
Sherlock was on the balcony, looking down at the flat below him. He climbed down to the balcony below and opened the window that led into the flat. The detective looked around, seeing everything that was before him. He entered the kitchen, the living room, and the bathroom, eyeing everything.
Sherlock was already inside the tube station, casually walking down the platform and waiting for the targets to appear. Sherlock leaned against a pillar and reached inside his coat pocket for a new packet of cigarettes, which he recently pickpocketed from a man who walked beside him. Sherlock grabbed his lighter and lit the end of the cigarette, watching the tip burning in an orange flame and inhaling the smoke of tar into his lungs.
Both John and Sherlock were sitting in an ambulance getting checked over. They gave John an orange colored shock blanket while Lestrade questioned them both, but mostly pressured the detective to give as much information as possible. “Who shot him?”
Sherlock got up from his seat and walked towards her. “Mrs. Hudson, isn’t it time for your evening soother?”
Lestrade looked at the watch. “Why regular? Maybe he set his alarm like that the night before he died?”
“Then why are you here? Your useless information is of no use to me. A simple text would have been enough.” Sherlock went to sit down in his chair again.
A surge of hostility came over him like a tsunami wave, Sherlock bared his teeth and hated the way John was denying him the pleasure of seeing the hidden lust buried deep inside John’s eyes. Sherlock did not tolerate rudeness, and it was fucking rude of John to deny him the reciprocation of their evident feelings towards one another.
Sherlock and John exited the area, John was ahead as the detective stayed behind with Dimmock. “We’ll just slip off. No need to mention us in your report.”
Sherlock extended his bloodied hand before him and pushed himself to move, he forced his bruised limbs to stand up. Sherlock clumsily managed to stand on his feet but the Alpha was disoriented, he recklessly stumbled forward and landed on his knees.
“It is a weakness with me but to be fair to myself, it is my only weakness. You can’t be allowed to continue. You just can’t.”
Sherlock looked between Molly and this so called ‘Jim’ and returned his attention to the microscope.
John and Sherlock were in a cab while Sherlock began to explain who Carl Powers was, “1989, young kid, champion swimmer, came up from Brighton for a school sports tournament…”
Sherlock shrugged, squinting against the evening sun shining on his face. “Since the start. You don’t think I’d give up on a case like this, just to spike my brother, do you?”
Sherlock checked their surroundings before answering John’s questions. “I’m not sure. Unless… the killer wants one of us.”
John resentfully slapped Sherlock’s hand away from his mouth and pushed Sherlock back. “In your dreams, Holmes. You may have a pretty face but your soul is just as black as death. Why would I even want someone like you?”
And at least, jumping from a building with this height would easily result in a quick and painless death. Sherlock looked up at the dark sky above him, he saw the stars twinkling and chuckled when he realized that he wouldn’t miss anything, not even the stars. The Omega boy wiped away the tears from his face and tried to keep himself solid, the cold wind was coming in heavy bursts and the boy’s twinky body was susceptible of being pushed by the wind and not by himself.
John aimed the gun towards Golem and squeezed the trigger, perfectly aiming the bullet towards Golem’s hand and injuring the man. Golem growled at the pain searing through his injured hand, roughly releasing Sherlock and pushing him towards John. Sherlock stumbled towards John, clumsily falling on top of John.
Other than the detective’s mood swings, John and Sherlock were happy together. The blond was very happy to live with the detective and not only has their friendship developed, they became inseparable.
Golem quickly went towards them; kicking the gun out of John’s hand and grabbing Sherlock by the collar of his coat, flinging Sherlock across the stage. A large hand came upon John’s throat, suffocating the blond when Sherlock forced himself to get up. Sherlock quickly jumped onto the Golem’s back, pulling Golem away from John. The Golem quickly grabbed Sherlock and threw him onto the floor.
Sherlock and John entered the house and Lestrade smiled brightly. “You brought John! How fun. Sorry John but you must wear this.”
“John Watson.” Liz said as she faced John. “This is Joe my brother. John’s trying to find out what happened to Westie, Joe.”
Sherlock faced his brother. “If you think I’m willing to let myself be weak, you are mistaken. Alone is what I have. Alone protects me.”
John shook his head but Sally continued talking. “Don’t bother denying it. Opposites attract. As much as I hate to admit it, you two make a lovely pair but I do worry about you. You seem like a good man and good men shouldn’t be hanging out with Sherlock. Why don’t you find yourself a hobby? Stamps perhaps. Model trains. Much safer than you’re boyfriend.”
The drug was quickly taking effect, Sherlock was becoming drowsy and the last blurry image he managed to see, was the man with light hair dragging John’s drugged body across the room.
The flicker between good and evil, the spark that ignited when a truly great person can stoop to the level of those who are insane criminals that chase after danger and blood. The collision of those who were sculpted and manipulated into becoming reprehensible monsters that craved to see the world burn.
The answer to Sherlock’s question was yet to be answered when Mycroft decided to ship his younger brother to boarding school. Mycroft made this decision in hopes of gaining back the little boy he once knew when his parents were alive. And Mycroft had expectations of Sherlock cleaning up his act and becoming pure again.
Mrs. Hudson tried to make Sherlock speak a bit softer, so John wouldn’t hear him. “It’s not Lestrade dear, it’s a young handsome man.” She giggled excitedly.
“No, he was just a client. He came in here and hired one of my cars. I’ve no idea what happened to him. Poor sod.”
Sherlock’s face fell when he looked back at the painting, of course, Sherlock jumped in joy, silently thanking John with every ounce of happiness.
Sherlock seemed confused by the reaction and with a surprised look, he turned to face the window but couldn’t resist looking back at the Omega. “That’s not what people normally say.”
Sherlock stood up straight and rested his hands behind his back. “Not anymore. So, dead two days. According to one of her staff, Raoul de Santos, she cut her hand on a rusty nail in the garden. Nasty wound. Tetanus bacteria enters the bloodstream, good night Vienna. Something’s wrong with this picture.”
Before Sherlock could leave his room, his brother entered the princes’ quarters. “Ah, Mycroft. Come to wish me luck on my wedding day. Or is that below your status?”
Sherlock made the naïve mistake of throwing his gun to the side and holding out his arms to embrace John, he was ready to feel the Omega once more against his cold dead skin. Naturally, John took Sherlock’s mistake as an opportunity. In an instant, John stepped onto Sherlock’s thigh while he used the momentum to step onto Sherlock’s bicep, using the boost to settle himself onto the Alpha’s shoulders.
Moriarty ran the cold blade across John’s face, down his neck and towards John’s back. “What I care about is seeing you in pain.”
Sherlock took cover behind the pillar, coming face to face with James when Mary shot two bullets into James. Sherlock watched as the bullets pierced through James’ body, burning the vampire’s insides and melting the skin on the outside into gooey piles of flesh. Now it was only Sherlock. Two against one, not fair but exhilarating.
Sherlock remained frozen at the sight before him, everything in that lovely brain of his stopped working.
Kirk bared his teeth and stalked towards the doctor but halted his steps when John pulled the trigger and shot in the direction of his feet, not harming Kirk but warning the man to not take another step forward. “You shot two official guards without even using self defense as a reason, you can be sentenced to death for that.”
Which is what Sherlock was doing this lovely morning, getting high and falling on his back while the heroin crawled through his veins and spread across his entire body. The Alpha’s arm was covered in holes caused by syringes, there were trails of dried blood on his skin due to Sherlock falling asleep and forgetting to take out the needle penetrating his skin.
The woman scoffed. “Don’t bother trying to deny it, we’ve seen you both engaging with one another. Having lunch together at a Chinese restaurant as Mr Holmes reaches forward and cleans your lip, breaking into people’s flats together, Mr Holmes becoming worried after one of our men tried to choke you to death, and of course, him caring so much about you. Has my point been made clear?”
“This one did.” Lestrade prayed that this time, Sherlock will help him with this case. “Will you come please? I know that you’ve kept tabs on this case and I’ve seen you sneak onto the crime scenes. Stop ignoring these cases and just come.”
Sherlock went around John, to look at the body. “The symbols at the bank, the graffiti, why were they put there?”
The sky was booming with thunder, three bright rays of lightning penetrated the sky, the sudden appearance of the blinding light accompanied by the roars of thunder frightened the horses. The horses neighed in fear and began to break formation. The coachman held onto the reins tightly and tried to control the horses when another burning shot of lightning illuminated the sky.
Anderson made a disgusted face as Sherlock approached him. “It’s a crime scene. I don’t want it contaminated. Are we clear on that?”
John gave him a tight smile while Sherlock glared at the man in hatred. Lestrade broke Sherlock’s concentration on Anderson. “You know, you could help us properly and I’ll stand them down.”
In a matter of seconds, the Omega violently thrusted his fist into Sherlock’s face and the Alpha stumbled back and collapsed onto the floor.
Sherlock remained frozen when the recognition of that voice became extremely familiar, the Alpha clenched his teeth together. The detective helplessly glanced at his soldier, preparing himself to fight the Alpha who was gaining proximity behind him.
“Why didn’t he close the window when he left...? Oh, stupid, stupid! Obvious. He’s still here.” Sherlock looked around the flat.
Jim couldn’t contain the wide smile spreading across his lips. “Isn’t it? No one ever gets to me. And no one ever will.”
Sherlock suspiciously eyed John going up the stairs when Mr Prince picked up the hairless cat and told Sherlock to hold her for second. Mr Prince wanted to fix his hair a bit more for the photos. The detective uncomfortably held the cat and silently begged John to hurry back. The hairless cat began to nuzzle its beige colored skin against Sherlock’s coat and Sherlock made a disgusted face as he pushed the cat to face the other way.
John was nothing to him, just a colleague, a person he lived with and shared the rent with. Nothing big or complicated, if the blond left, he would be perfectly fine… right?
Sherlock’s smile resembled the Cheshire Cat when he began to circle John like a predator does before, he goes in for the kill. Sherlock took in all of John’s weaknesses; cataloging them into his mind palace and choosing the ones that would leave the boy whimpering like a pathetic idiot.
Moriarty took the memory stick, grazing his blood covered fingers against Sherlock’s fingertips and bringing the memory stick to his lips.
John felt his body bubbling in… well he wasn’t sure, but his body was becoming all tingly as he felt the coldness of the detective’s body radiating towards his body.
Ever since John walked away from Sherlock that night, things have become awkward between the two. There were many times where Sherlock regretted the decision of pulling away and missing the sensation of having John’s lips against his. Yet there were other times where he didn’t regret pulling away because being who he was, such things were of no importance to him.
. John entered the vehicle and couldn’t help but feel extremely pompous and cocky in this car. He continued marveling the interior of the car when he noticed the bright screen staring at him,
“Date stamped on the book is the same day that he died.” Sherlock explained, showing John that the journalist came to the library for a purpose.
John then dropped down to a walkway that was located on the side of the building, with Sherlock behind him, they ran down another set of stairs and ended up in an alleyway. Sherlock surpassed John and pulled up his mental map again and was pleased to see that the blond knew where he was going. If they calculated this accurately, they should come upon the taxi at the end of the alley but the taxi passed them.
Sherlock watched as John entered the kitchen to grab his wallet, hiding a small smile behind his lips.
Well, since John forgave Sherlock, the detective didn’t find any other excuse to ignore these cases. “Who’s on forensics?”
Due to the constant training John was receiving, the blond’s body began to change, his once lean body morphed into a bundle of muscles. Even Greg noticed the big change to John’s body.
Sherlock rolled his eyes at Anderson’s idiotic remark. “Anderson, don’t talk out loud. You lower the I.Q. of the whole street. We can do more than just read her emails. It’s a smartphone, it’s got GPS, which means if you lose it you can locate it online. She’s leading us directly to the man who killed her.” The detective looked at the screen impatiently. “Come on, come on. Quickly!”
The blond looked at the case and remembered all the information collected at the crime scene and the only logically answer would be, “
The older woman smiled cheerily. “Oh, of course.” Mrs. Hudson pulled the detective closer. “Is he the one?” She asked quietly.
“Ah, of course. You’re lack in sign language is evident. Van coon was murdered, the man was left handed, highly impossible for someone who’s left handed to shoot themselves on the right side of their head. Obviously, he was murdered.”
John wanted to confirm that Sherlock and him weren’t a couple but the detective began talking as he saw Anderson. “Ah, Anderson. Here we are again.”
Mycroft walked towards the sleek black car ahead and opened the door. “Honestly Mr Watson I’m agreeing to spend to time with you. Let’s go.”
“Raoul, the houseboy. Kenny Prince was the butt of his sister’s jokes week in, week out. Virtual bullying campaign. Finally, he had enough, fell out with her badly. Its all on the website. She threatened to disinherit Kenny. Raoul had grown accustomed to a certain lifestyle…”
Sherlock quickly joined John in the cab again and gave the cabbie a new direction. “Now we go to the gallery. Have you got cash?”
Jim prepared himself to see how Sherlock would react when they revealed the secret person who had the honor of joining them tonight. “Can ya guess who’s our guest of honor?”
The detective dropped his hold from the blond’s head and fastened his hands around John’s shoulders. “I need you to maximize your visual memory.” Sherlock began to spin the blond around in circles while still facing John. “Try to picture what you saw. Can you picture it?”
Sherlock’s eyes followed Lestrade. “Lestrade, I may need a bit of fresh air.” Sherlock got up and went inside his bedroom to quickly change.
John looked up at Sherlock, feeling slightly conflicted at the calculated look Sherlock was giving him.
Sherlock had been running around, dodging bullets and chasing the killer. Currently, the detective was hiding behind a statue as he waited for the killer to stop shooting.
The Alpha felt his tongue moistening at the delicious scent that Sherlock was expertly trying to cover and growled, the raw sound made the Omega boy jump in fear. Victor bared his teeth and forced his way inside by throwing the door open and making the boy stumble back, the unbalanced push made Sherlock fall onto the ground.
Sherlock arrived at the pool where Carl Powers drowned to death, his calm demeanor perfectly camouflaging his excitement. The detective placed his hands behind his back, eyeing the abandoned pool and seeing the blue water reflecting off the walls. Sherlock revealed the memory stick, lifting it above his head and twirling around in a circle while never leaving his spot.
Mrs Monkford wiped away the tears from her eyes. “Sorry… my husband has been depressed for months. Who are you?”
Lestrade complied with the man’s orders and left the café without his food. The detective didn’t move from his spot and continued staring at John.
Sherlock panicked and held onto the Alpha with a vice grip, naively leaning up towards the Alpha’s lips and whining when the Alpha pulled away.
Moriarty crudely pulled off the gray tape covering John’s mouth and flung the tape to the side. “Ya know, I didn’t get what you saw in this broken blond boy. I used to think he was too ordinary for you.”
Sebastian was about to begin the collision of his knuckles against John’s face when Sherlock snarled rabidly, “
. This was the first step to commencing a revolution; Betas were next in line. The government passed outrageous laws that involved the removal of rights belonging to Betas. This was a much harsher step because if Betas were deemed unworthy like Omegas, then the entire system was doomed to collapse.
The older man placed himself in front of John, shielding him from the tall idiot. “He didn’t mean to what? Humiliate my worker and make fun of the fact that he’s mute. John can very much hear you, he has feelings too and just because he’s different, it doesn’t give you the right to find his weakness and hurt him. You know it’s people like you who are worthless pricks.”
Mrs. Hudson was making her way upstairs and entered Sherlock’s room, “Oh hello Greg. Sherlock when will you leave this flat and do something for once in your life.”
John felt himself becoming dizzy, the feelings he had towards Sherlock was equivalent to the existence of the Loch Ness monster, it was so fucking mysterious. John didn’t care, he would take a chance and see where that would leave him. He took a bold step and came closer to the detective, keen on kissing Sherlock’s tender full lips when the detective pulled away.
And slowly, John would adapt to the new lifestyle that was eagerly waiting for him. Because of course; Sherlock wanted to become the very air John breathed, he wanted to become the molecules that supplied John with oxygen. Sherlock yearned the effect of dissipating into water and evaporating himself into John’s skin in order to feel the flow of blood running throughout John’s body.
Connie’s brother was fixing his hair, waiting for the two young men to take his pictures when the doorbell rang. Raoul opened the door, letting Sherlock and John inside the house.
The detective eyed the yellow book standing against the door, the pages were wet. “Its been here since Monday.”
“Botox is a diluted form of botulinum. Among other things. Raoul de Santos was employed to give Connie her regular facial injections. My contact at the Home Office gave me the complete records of Raoul’s internet purchases. He’s been bulk ordering Botox for months. Bided his time, then upped the strength of a fatal dose.”
John dusted himself off when he realized that Sherlock was still holding on to him. It’s as if Sherlock read his mind and the detective released him and returned John’s stolen space. John studied the man’s features and felt incredibly bad for Sherlock’s nose, it was purple but thankfully not broken.
Sherlock held the camera up, focusing the lens and clumsily snapping pictures while moving the camera everywhere.
Sherlock began to bite down on his tongue, tasting blood as he prevented himself from lunging towards the lunatics who were holding John as leverage. “What have you done to him?”
Year by year, Sherlock grew up into the nineteen-year-old boy that he was now. And Sherlock created a unique look for himself which included a black leather jacket, a plain white shirt beneath and black trousers along with the fanciest dress shoes that gave off a bad boy/posh vibe. It was no surprise to Sherlock that every boy and girl in school had an evident crush on him; of course, Sherlock knew that he was the hottest shit to ever walk around these halls so why couldn’t he bask in the attention that everyone gave him.
“I’ve shown you what I can do. I cut loose all those people, all those little problems, even 30 million quid, just to get you to come and play. So, take this as a friendly warning… my dear. Back off. Although, I loved this, this title game of ours. Playing Jim from IT. Playing gay. Did you like the little touch of the underwear?”
The Omega boy looked down at his watch and realized that he had ten more minutes before the party started. “That would be helpful. Thank you. I’m Sherlock.”
“Yes, thrusting into the entrance of the male anatomy can be a bit tedious. You can imagine how my lower back hurts.” The detective said with a smile.
John pointed the gun at Moriarty and shouted, “Everybody stay still! Don’t even think about reaching for your phasers.”
Once the coach made contact with the river, the force was so great that Sherlock’s fingers slipped from the handle and fell back. The prince savagely banged his head against a metal bar in front of him and fell unconscious.
Mycroft bought a few suits for himself and urged John to pick out a few things for he’d gladly pay for it. The blond heavily insisted that he could buy his own clothes but Mycroft was very good at debating and until he wins the argument, he won’t stop talking. So, in the end, Mycroft won the argument and John got a pair of jeans, jackets, shirts, and shoes. Once they purchased everything, the blond’s eyes widened when he saw the final amount for everything and he assured Mycroft that he’ll pay him back.
Once Greg was relocated and under the protection of Mycroft, Sherlock found himself completely bored. Sherlock predicted the outcome of London’s fall but he did not expect things to get out of hand. Before everything became the way, they are now, he ordered Mrs Hudson to leave Baker Street and to find her sister.
Mycroft rolled his eyes and turned Greg’s attention to his brother. The Beta greeted the boy and in a motherly sense, Greg stood by Sherlock’s side throughout the entire party. The events happened in a slow fashion; Greg went up and thanked everyone for coming, gave a boring speech, and ended the speech with asking everyone to drink and have a good time.
In a parking lot; far away from 221B, there was a woman sitting in her car with a bomb attached to her torso, reading the following words from the pager in her hand as she began to sob. “
The Omega grunted in anger and ripped off Sherlock’s sleeves, confirming his conclusion that the Alpha was a junkie and Sherlock must have overdosed on heroin.
Greg Lestrade, a Beta, luckily managed to escape the terrifying night where the masses of Alphas stormed inside Scotland Yard and massacred anyone who was related to the police force. Greg was safely stowed away in Mycroft’s home and his mate —Mycroft— warned Greg to stay away from the streets.
From afar, Raz shouted the detective’s name. “Sherlock!” Raz ran up to the pair and faced John. “You know, you’re smarter than you look, pulling that stunt and leaving Sherlock and me looking like idiots in front of the officers.” He turned to Sherlock. “I found something you might like.”
The detective nodded at John’s answer but deep down inside, he was jumping with joy. “Shall we go home?”
A small gift to the boy he never saw again until now. Sherlock deduced John and to his hugest disappointment, the boy became an ordinary citizen that held no value. Every speck of product intertwining through John’s golden hair led to a pathway of boring information concerning John. Every sculpted muscle hidden beneath John’s shirt said nothing more than the boy’s interest in sports, the vague smudges of charcoal on his fingertips were a clear indication of John’s interest in the medical field and the almost fading bruises on John’s forearms were signs of abuse being experienced in the boy’s home, mostly likely the abuse coming from his father.
Sherlock nodded in agreement and the two men walked a few steps back to Sherlock’s flat. Lestrade left Sherlock at the front door and he was about to walk away when Lestrade felt a light hand tapping his shoulder. He turned around and was faced with John, “Oh… John.”
Lestrade hated that he didn’t understand John. “Oh, I feel awful that I don’t understand you. I should start studying sign language, so we can chat properly.”
Sherlock noticed the many injuries covering John’s body and he desperately wrapped his slender arms around the Omega’s waist.
As if on cue, the detective’s mobile beeped, a new text message came through. Sherlock bounced in glee as he reached for his phone, checking the message and grinning widely at the new case Lestrade had for him.
Sure, part of the job was to kill the remaining bloodline belonging to Jim Moriarty, that was it. There was nothing in the job description that specified John going after the werewolf clan and figuring out the connection between his bloodline and the bloodline of the werewolves. John would dig deeper into this case and he be damned to be the last one to discover why he was important to Jim Moriarty.
Mycroft held his umbrella and walked away. “Sherlock, from what I saw and heard from your little conversation. Its seems that you truly insulted that man. A word of advice, don’t expect him to accept your apology in a heartbeat.” With that the elder Holmes left, leaving Sherlock in doubt.
Sherlock received another text message with three pips and followed by a photograph of a woman he didn’t recognize. “That could be anybody.”
“Are you willing to become me? Are you willing to infect everyone’s mind to start a war with every country that will eventually surrender to me? Are you willing to work for me and finish my homework? Are you willing to take the fall?”
The blond went beneath the tape as Sergeant Donovan lifted the radio to her mouth. “Freak’s here. Bringing him in.” Sally looked back at John. “I’m surprised at your taste, freak. He’s really cute. He’s honestly too cute to be your boyfriend.”
Sherlock proudly stood up and looked down at John. “As I said, no one can defeat me.” The detective fixed his curls and straightened out his tight purple dress shirt. “You see John, I’ll always be on top.”
John nodded and hugged Sherlock, sharing his blanket with the detective. Sherlock was shocked by the action and wasn’t sure how to react, so he looked at Lestrade. “See.”
Sherlock grimaced at the nickname Lestrade gave Mycroft. “So, let’s work together.” The D.I. fixed his sleeve. “We’ve found Rachel.”
Mrs. Hudson slapped Sherlock’s shoulder. “No there isn’t a pie to be baked.” She looked at John. “Oh, sorry John. I didn’t mean to embarrass you but I couldn’t help rambling about your sexiness.”
The detective came across a locked door and tried to open it, he failed. So, he pushed himself against the door and it opened. As he entered the bedroom, he was faced with a dead body, a body that belonged to Edward Van Coon. The man had a bullet inside his temple.
Mycroft narrowed his eyes. “You do know I’m in a relationship with Gregory Lestrade. I’m sorry if you’re under the impression that I’m single…”
“You know, after working together for about three centuries, you still can’t come up with a better insult than freak?”
Sherlock and John were sitting in the living room table, the blond was wearing sweats with a black and white striped sweater, while the detective wore his pajamas along with his blue silk dressing robe. They were sitting across from each other, enjoying a cup of tea.
The boy was destined to be as brilliant as his older brother, Mycroft Holmes. But too many expectations were expected from Sherlock; the boy was basically forced to become another Mycroft Holmes but Sherlock didn’t want to become a replica of his brother.
The detective turned around, surprise written all over his features when he saw it was John. “What the hell was that for? You could have hit me!”
The boy’s fair skin was morphing into a dangerous red color that pushed Sherlock to throw his head back and hit Victor in the face. Victor groaned at the pain but it was shortly lived due to the fact that the hit was equivalent to someone hitting him with a pillow. The Alpha grew tired of the Omega boy fighting against him, so Victor lifted himself from Sherlock’s puny body and flipped the boy onto his back.
The male werewolf accompanied by the female werewolf were quickly walking down the stairs and keeping a sharp eye on John Watson. Unknown to their blind spots, Sherlock immediately deduced that these werewolves were after John. One of the werewolves that Sherlock recognized immediately was Mary Morstan —an Alpha— surpassed her companion and reached behind her back to grab her gun.
