“Good job, Dean,” he says and Dean feels nearly as proud as he did when Bobby watched him fix his first transmission when he was fourteen.
Cas cuts him off with a fond but pointed look. “Dean, I know you went the long way around. It doesn’t take thirty minutes to reach my house from the school.”
“Do you still have those tickets for that movie?” He asks before Dean can even say hello.
“No.” It matters very little to him who’s helping him out. The whole thing was stupid either way. “It don’t matter to me.”
The air in the locker room is stagnant and stiff and always smells like sweat and bleach. It makes him miss the cleanliness of the rain, the earthy smell that comes with it. Rain in Kansas isn’t the gentle kind. Storms are fierce, violent. There’s a taste in the air, like sensing the coming thunder on the tongue.
Have a nice night, y’all,” she says with a smile. They force theirs and leave like criminals, silent and edgy as they make their way through the cool evening in the parking lot.
It seems that his musical repertoire starts with Bach and ends at Gershwin. He said his dad never liked the ‘immorality of rock’n’roll’, exactly like that, like he was some old-timey Baptist preacher. The only music he listens to are church hymns or stuff with long titles that include words like ‘sonata’ and ‘concerto’. He’s never even owned a
The engine is still running and the record is still playing, something upbeat but he can’t hear a damn thing. He feels frozen. He takes deep, even breaths, looking at his hands in his lap, yellow in the car light, watching them tremble.
God, sometimes the things Cas says make him feel stupid happy for no reason. He feels all damn dizzy, like that adrenaline rush that comes at the end of a roller coaster, the way a merry-go-round feels like as a kid.
Eventually he closes the book with a soft
he thinks. “You’re a one of a kind,” he says. Cas might be the best friend he’s ever had.
“Uh,” Dean scratches his neck, “chapter one?”
“Huh,” he says. Strange. He never thought Cas would come back at all; once you’ve seen that there’s a whole world outside Lawrence you rarely come back. That’s how it was with Sam, anyways. Smart kid that he was, he got a scholarship into Stanford and Dean coughed up just about every last dime he had for a one-way flight and enough cash for a year of groceries just so the kid never had to step foot in this piece of shit town ever again. He only ever comes back to visit Dean. He even had his wedding in California.
“Got something for you,” he says, handing him a Walkman, the one he spent more money and extra hours than he ought to saving up for. The one he wanted to buy as soon as he found out Cas was leaving.
“You know something, Cas?” They’re sitting across from each other at Betty’s diner, at Dean’s favorite booth. Cas’s parents are gone for the weekend, flown off to some conference in Florida somewhere. They’ve spent these last two days in a haze of junk food and rock music on the stereo, midday drives to nowhere and late night conversations parked in the driveway, drinking gas station cokes one after the other. The only stipulation is getting Cas back home by ten, just in time to answer the phone call his dad will inevitably make.
Finally, he gasps, “Dean, Dean please please, I can’t--I need,” he’s close to orgasm, close to shattering.
They talk. Eventually, Marin orders them a pizza. It’s greasy, heavy, filling and the smell alone makes his mouth water. It’s maybe the best thing he’s ever tasted.
"Steve, he him." he says as they shake hands.
He palms himself through his jeans. He’s not really hard, just taking interest as he thinks back to last weekend. They’d gone on a date to university gardens and stopped in Cas’s office on the way back to pick up some books, only to end up fucking in the bathroom like animals. It was the nice and clean gender neutral staff bathroom tucked in an odd corner of the building, hardly ever used. Dean had gotten on his knees for Cas, sucked his cock with Cas’s jeans around his thighs until Cas was shaking and coming on his tongue. Cas had returned the favor by finger fucking him mercilessly with a hand pressed over his mouth, using the lube he carried in his backpack at all times like a freak--not that Dean was complaining.
"Look, Steve, if you ever need anything just call me," Mick says as they're heading out with their laundry. "You need a ride, or someone to talk to or help with anything, call me."
Cas lolls his head back, smiling at Dean. His hair brushes the back of his neck. It’s a good feeling so he rolls his head again, enjoying it.
As he’s drying his hair, Dean snakes his arms around Cas’s waist. Cas has a moment of panic, a moment where his body doesn’t know it’s Dean and he flinches away.
Ezra smiles at him gently. "Thank you."
"No, I don't think so," he admits.
Cas, on the other hand, isn't nearly as horny as Dean. He doesn’t always know when he wants to fuck or when he just wants to kiss or when he wants to cuddle. Dean's learned to enter every encounter with an open mind. Sometimes they kiss and kiss until Dean thinks Cas is going to swallow him whole, until Dean is dizzy and hungry for Cas and muttering “Please, Cas, please,” as Cas sucks hickeys into his throat and sometimes Cas pulls away and says, “I don’t want sex just, let me—”
“It’s thick,” he adds stupidly.
“Yes, my pipe.”
Dean stops touching him entirely, cracking open the beer and Cas is laying there, waiting for Dean to kick him out. He’s crying now, silent and still, turned away from Dean.
He doesn’t finish. He’s staring at Cas, paused halfway to the bed, an extra shirt hanging loosely in his hand.
"I get that, man. Wait are you a man? Sorry, I've been assuming this whole time. Shoulda asked."
Dean, who was reading over an assignment on Canvas blinks, trying to re-calibrate.
Dean hisses out a breath and nods his head frantically, trying to get himself back under control. Cas, the bastard, rocks down and clenches around Dean while he’s still trying to rein himself in, making Dean groan. Cas is so wet Dean can feel it dripping down his balls.
"I don't understand. You said I could stay for several days."
The first hit Dean lands on his ass makes Cas cry out as he clenches around the dildo. The feeling is overwhelming, bright and almost painful in how hard Cas clenches. But god, it feels good too, to be full and seen and gasping under Dean’s hands. Dean lands a second hit on Cas’s other cheek, then repeats, giving Cas no time to recover. Cas cries out, trying his best to stay still for Dean, but jolting and twisting a little at each hit.
Dean can’t breathe.
“Would it help you feel better about our relationship?” Cas asks after a long moment.
“Dude, you think I can’t see it? You love him.”
He had woken this morning hard and had thrust sleepily against Cas’s hip until Cas grumbled at him to knock it off. They had kissed over their coffee that morning before Cas headed out to the office and Dean had manfully resisted slipping a hand under his shirt or drawing him close to give him a hickey. He’d tried to convince Cas to fuck no less than an hour ago, and only gotten an amused look in response. Cas isn’t behind on his reading, he’s meticulous and methodical about his studies in a way Dean will never be. He just won’t.
"Where did you even get these?" Dean doesn’t remember Cas grabbing either from where they keep the supplies at the head of the bed.
Cas doesn’t immediately sink down on Dean, but takes his dick in hand and rubs the head over his hole. He loves this, the moment of anticipation, the heady excitement, heightened by the lingering high, the feel of skin on skin and god, Cas is so hungry for him.
“You alright, Dean?” Cas asks, stroking his back in long slow sweeps.
“You’re a freak, you know?”
“Dean, I’ve never been to a wedding.”
“This ok?” Cas asks, scratching nails down his chest, making Dean arch when Cas’s nail catches a nipple.
The job at the gas-n-sip keeps him afloat, once he finally starts getting money. He hadn’t realized, at first, that it would take time before he got paid. He hadn’t realized that money would be taken off for taxes. He knows so little about the minutiae of daily human life these days.
“C’mer,” Dean says, as he reels Cas in by the hips. Cas’s hands come up to cup his face and Dean rests his forehead there, against Cas’s belly for a moment, enjoying Cas, warm and solid in his hands.
“Just like that. Give me another finger,” Cas sighs and Dean makes sure to fuck him steadily like that, fingers angled just so to make Cas fall apart.
Dean smiles even brighter and pulls Cas close, enjoying the heat of the other man’s body against his.
“High praise from an angel,” he says dryly.
That’s all Dean will take, he knows. Dean doesn’t like to get stupid high like Cas, and even more he hates to feel slow when he might need to jump to attention at any time to protect the camp. Cas takes a couple more hits. His tolerance is well above Dean’s these days and he just wants to float, just for a little while.
“Needy,” Dean teases affectionately.
“What is Dean explaining?” a new voice calls from the mezzanine and there’s Jack, back from visiting Claire with no warning at all, stepping right into the mess of Dean’s life.
“I bet you would, kiddo.” Dean says, trying to press down a rising sense of dread.
“Yeah, De-” his orgasm floods through him, hot and sharp, leaving him writhing under Dean. It’s so good it's on the edge of pain, on the edge of breaking him apart. He’s moaning with abandon, not caring a wit that at least half the camp can hear him, Dean’s too good, the pleasure he gives Cas too great.
They end up on their sides with Dean grinding down on Cas’s thigh and sighing into his mouth. He knows from experience by now that Cas would happily spend all day kissing and grinding until they’re both frustrated and sweaty and too tired to even get off properly but dammit Dean has plans. He grabs Cas’s ass, pulling him tighter against Dean, kneading the muscle under his hand. Cas groans, tucks his head into Dean’s neck when Dean slips a hand under his boxers, they’re Dean’s boxers, and slides his fingers over the cleft of Cas’s ass. He makes a little needy sound at that, bucking into Dean. Dean loves this part. Cas hard against his thigh, possibility spread out before them both, the power to make Cas whimper under his fingers. He could shimmy down and suck Cas off or slide down on him, or pull Cas over him and hook a leg around his waist and urge him inside or urge Cas down to eat him out.
“My name, it’s Cas. It’s not safe right now, for me to use that name, but it is Cas.”
“Come up here,” Dean opens his arms, choosing not to care about the wet spot or how sweaty and gross they both are.
Dean gives him a minute, stroking over his back, kissing and sucking his neck and Cas is going to have a ring of hickeys tomorrow morning, he just knows it.
“I can’t move.” Dean’s got an arm braced around his waist, keeping him close and basically immobile.
He pulls back. “That ok?”
It's all slow and easy and domestic. Dean never thought he would see a day in his life like this. He thinks if John could see him now, chopping carrots in the kitchen, preparing a stew for his lover, he'd probably lay into Dean for going soft.
"Fuck," Cas breathes against him, shuddering, holding him fast with an arm around his waist.
Cas finds his first orgasm like that, grinding tightly on Dean, gasping, held, Dean teasing one nipple as he shudders. It’s a bright little orgasm, over too quick.
Cas pauses to stare at him.
Dean arches an eyebrow in a glare. “You’ve got excited puppy face,” he grumbles and ignores Sam’s snort. “What is it.”
“I think,” Mom murmurs, “you’ll know it when you find it.”
Cas hunches forward, palms settling flat against the tabletop. He peers straight ahead, giving Dean a flat, unobstructed profile. The bags under his eyes are pronounced - more so than usual. The line of his cheekbone cuts a deep groove nearly parallel to the straight nose. He doesn’t have laugh lines, and his brow sags low.
Dean shakes his head and smiles. “Attagirl.” He takes a long drink, enough to clear the neck, and savors the bitter hoppy flavor on his tongue. It’s a damn sight better than the swill he’s had with Bobby. Or whatever the fuck Stella Artois is.
He follows them into the school, grins at the whooping and cheering, all the shoving and bragging as his teammates move around the locker room, indulging in the energy that has the whole place strung like an electric wire.
“You sure?” Dean asks. There’s still a full-on storm outside.  “Can’t have my tutor gettin’ sick on me; I’ll flunk for sure.”
Cas nods. Seems like he’s never gotten rid of that puppet-like stiffness. “Yes, I am. For the time being, anyway.”
He doesn’t want to think about what would’ve happened if he hadn’t pulled back. He cranks up the volume until the windowpane rattles so hard it might break.
The check is all on the same bill, sitting there on the table with the black checkbook open and pen next to it. Cas goes to grab it, but Dean slides it towards himself instead.
She doesn’t even look up. “About this town? Not a damn thing.”
“There you are,” Cas says, handing the phone back. Dean stares down at the number, already sure that he’ll have it memorized completely by the end of the year.
“Is it the big white dot?” He asks.
“Congratulations on the game. You played very well.”
Dean hadn’t even known more than his name, really, even though they’d had several classes together. At least, until he started failing astronomy.
He wonders how he can stand it.
“Right. Fifteen years.” Damn. Has time really gone by that fast? It somehow feels like an eternity and nothing at all.
Dean would’ve liked for him to go, too. He feels real stupid now, at the eight dollars he just blew for nothing. Besides, Cas might not have liked the movie. Maybe it’s for the best. He didn’t think about that; he just assumed he’d like it. Most people love movies, but Cas isn’t most people; he’s different, he looks at the world in ways Dean never even thought of before. Maybe he’d find the whole thing stupid, a real waste of time like his dad tells him. Still, Dean would kill to see what his face looks like in the dim light of a movie theater.
When the food is done and cleared out of the way, Dean grabs the present he’s been keeping next to him in the booth. It’s not wrapped but he doesn’t think Cas will care.
Dean uses this concentration and diverted attention to take the long way home. They loop around Mr. O’Connor’s barn twice. Cas doesn’t notice. He feels somewhat guilty for taking so long, wondering if Cas is going to get into trouble for staying out this late, but he doesn’t want to stop. He wants the road to go on forever and the tape to never run out. He wants to keep smelling the near burnt smell of the heater, those faint hints of air freshener, and the musty smell of old car. He wants to keep Zeppelin playing, maybe The Rolling Stones, maybe even the Doors. He bets Cas would like them. And Cas, most of all Cas, he wants to be there. He likes him sitting there in the passenger seat, likes looking over at him at red lights and trying to read his expressions as they change along with the music. He almost hits that damn lamppost on 164th looking at him. Cas isn’t shaken as Dean swerves the car out of its way, cursing the whole goddamn city planning committee under his breath.
“Cas,” he says, “long time no see.”
Cas thinks about this for a minute, Dean can tell, with the way his head is tilted to the left.  “An evening like this, I suppose.” He says eventually.
Cas seems slightly miffed by Dean’s amusement, like he’s laughing at him, which Dean kind of is but he doesn’t mean it to be cruel. It’s more fond than anything. “I’ll likely find the time to see one someday. In the meantime, you should be focusing on the lesson. Chapter seven homework is due tomorrow and we’ve only gotten to question fifteen.”
“Fine,” he says, sliding the check across the table with a grin,  “have it your way.”
“Is this the real thing now?”
So he gives it his all, living up to the worthiness of the gaze of these invisible eyes. He dreads his possible boredom, the possibility of him slipping out in the seventh or eighth inning when the game is all spelled out and the fancy cars of the recruiters peel out of the parking lot, or worse, feigning some excuse to leave at half time and half-heartedly apologizing for it later, asking without real interest who won the game.
“What don’t you understand about it, Dean?”  The sentence makes him furious, he’s heard it so many goddamn times.
Castiel startles in his chair, head whipping up as the doorknob smacks into the wall. He relaxes, sees the test in Dean’s hands, and offers him what Dean thinks is pretty damn close to a smile.
Cas looks at his lap, a small smile spreading across his face. Dean almost wishes he wasn’t driving so he could look at it longer, the rarity that it was.
“Fuck football,” he says.
The windshield wipers swish back and forth. The heater is beginning to feel uncomfortably warm and it’s vaguely muggy in the car. It smells like dust and weakly like the pine air freshener hanging from his rear view mirror that he hasn’t gotten around to replacing.
that team was everything.
Cas, true to his word as ever, kisses him back.
, Dean thinks,
a copy completely identical to his own textbook.
he thinks that night on the drive home, heater on at full blast,
“Wanna try it? You can have the rest.” He picks up his cup and offers it to him.
“What?”
“Dean?” Cas looks like a drowned duckling, dark hair matted down and argyle sweater dripping, and Dean would have laughed if he didn’t look so miserable.
“Hey, uh,” he starts, strong and real smooth, “I heard the Liberty has got the new Clint Eastwood movie playing next week, so I got some tickets for Thursday.”
If its lack of change could be considered a detriment to the town and the people who lived in it, that perspective sure didn’t apply to Betty’s Diner. Even the most forward minded of citizens, like the ones petitioning to get rid of the old street lamp on 164th or fix the road up all together, like it wasn’t a passage rite of sorts to have your first car crash there when you were sixteen, would be up and arms if even so much as the parking lot of Betty’s ever got remodeled. Just like old Mr. Stewart used to say, you can’t fix perfection.
Zeppelin plays loud on the stereo. Cas is humming along, having gotten familiar with a few songs over their rides home from school. He has a particular fondness for the Doors, and also the Beatles, who Dean thinks are outrageously overrated. Though they did a pretty damn good job on “While My Guitar Gently Weeps,”
“Actually, that is untrue. In previous eras baseball was the sport of choice, however most interest today lies predominantly in football.” Dean is pretty damn sure at this point that Cas has read the Encyclopedia Britannica from cover to cover at least once.
“Oh,” Cas drops his voice down, still just a little too loud, “Is this acceptable?”
Cas sighs and drops his hand.
“We’ve got a game coming up soon,” he says instead, “This Saturday. First of the season.”
“Sounds great.” He’d rather swallow nails.
Cas smiles at him. For a minute Dean almost thinks he’s going to grab his hand. “I never wanted to, either.”
Dean smiles and shakes his head. He swings the driver door of the Impala open, sliding inside. “See? Told you you would love the movies.”
His grades begin to improve. It’s minimal at first— a few more points than he’d usually score here or some extra credit assignment he took on there, but it’s something. Enough to stay on the team, at least. He’s still a few chapters behind. Sometimes when he’s at home going over the chapter on his own, sitting cross-legged on the bed, he wants to throw the whole damn book at the wall. It just doesn’t make any sense. If he’d known there’d be this much math involved in learning about the stars he would’ve never taken the goddamn class in the first place.
“We match,” Cas says with a smile.
“Read the rest of the chapter at home. Write down everything you find difficult and we’ll discuss it Tuesday.”
Betty’s Diner with Cas. Holy hell, he’d forgotten how much those nights meant to him, and also how nervous he always got right before, sifting through his laundry to find the newest-looking thing he owned, stealing dad’s old Eau Sauvage from off his dresser, like it mattered. He wonders for a moment when the last time he did laundry was. Last Monday, probably. Shit. Thankfully the laundromat is open 24-hours. And doesn’t he still have that bottle somewhere?
“You have to try, Dean. It will get easier.” Castiel repeats himself for the umpteenth time, shoving the textbook back to Dean.
Dean gives him a shrug. He looks through the options himself, even though he knows he’s going to order the same damn thing he always does. “I don’t know; what do you like?”
It was the only place that felt like home as a kid, tucked away in the back and tinkering away on some little assignment Bobby had given him while the grown-ups did the real work up front. He’d watch them out of the corner of his eye, note the way they’d carry a wrench or the way they’d wipe the sweat off their brows with an oil-stained rag. He’d smell the lingering sweat and coffee and could almost taste the heat of the place, even in winter when the whole town was covered in snow. Bobby’s was always a furnace, burning hot from working bodies and sizzling light bulbs, the ones that had no right being as hot as they were with the little light they gave off, making the small place seem as hot and cramped as a medieval blacksmith’s.
“That was fifteen years ago, Cas,” he tries to reason, already knowing he’s starting an argument he’s destined to lose. Something about Cas brings out his childish antics, always makes him feel like a schoolboy with a crush.
His movements were stiff and wooden and it was like his presence strangled out all the life in a room. He was quiet with a brooding intensity that always made you falter, always made you feel unassured, like you were standing on an unstable ground that could crumble at any second. And yet, somehow, he was remarkably unassuming from a distance. Moderately attractive and average in any other physical attributes, he haunted the halls like an old ghost; a presence that was always there and maybe sometimes felt but never really recognized.
He’s afraid that when Cas walks out of that shop he’s not going to come back. He’s starting to hate the sight of his back turned.
“What?
Dean keeps it pointed there, staring out into space. He tries to remember everything he’s read and about where exactly it was that Jupiter should be located this time of year. They did read a whole twenty-page chapter on the goddamn planet, after all. After a while, staring so hard at it he almost goes dizzy and cross-eyed, it does seem to be a little bigger than all the other dots, and brighter, too.
He remembers it all too well— the way the wind felt on a sunny day when they rolled the windows down, the days they decided to play nothing but their favorites just because they could. The way Cas always forgot the words to Eleanor Rigby and the way it always made him laugh, and Cas would look at him with something like embarrassment and also a little bit like he’d just won the lottery.
“Your old man gonna give you hell for getting back this late?” He asks. He hates the silence in these moments.
It starts raining halfway through “No Quarter”. It’s a light rain, though, just a sprinkle that will either die in a minute or last off-and-on throughout the night. Light reflects on the droplets running down the window. He turns the music down a little bit, feeling more comfortable with the sound muted, full-blast feeling a bit like an insult for the evening. He only likes playing music loud like that when he’s running away from something. Right now he wants to stay right where he is. It’s a damn shame to watch Cas wave goodbye that night.
“Actually, I was wanting to talk to you,” Cas says with hands shoved into his pockets, “Do you think you will be free tonight? I thought perhaps we could go to Betty’s Diner.”
“I have my brother’s car for the summer. I’ll meet you there instead.”
The smile on Cas’s face is one he’s never seen before; it’s goofy and a bit lopsided and also completely covered in ketchup and barbecue sauce.
He slides the slip of paper across the counter and watches her pick it up with those long acrylic nails of hers. They were the same color as her lipstick.
, every flame dying with a sputter. He cups his hand around the flame and the wind still finds its way through. Damn. You can’t even have a cigarette with weather like this.
Cas seems hesitant. “Are you sure that wouldn’t trouble you? I live a bit out of the way; I wouldn’t like to be a bother.”
Dean sits down next to him and the silence is stifling. He almost introduces himself, but figures it would be a stupid thing to do when they’ve both known each other since before they could tie their own shoelaces. He just sits there, drumming his fingers on the old wooden table. The radiator hums on in the background. Castiel is glancing back and forth between a paper in front of him and a big book on his left. Dean watches his dark brow furrow as he marks something down on the sheet in front of him, his determination somewhere between ice and steel.
Right now his heart is in his throat, which feels drier than bone, and thinks he might be close to vomiting, but he is ecstatic. He’s a goddamn winner. He watches the crowd go wild, his chest heaving in and out and smiling like it was the fucking World Series and not a small town baseball game in the middle of nowhere. He likes to think he can hear Cas cheering among the throng of voices. He feels his teammates' hands as they clap him on the back.
Castiel got accepted into Havard, Dean knows that. Everybody did. At the time he was the only kid in the history of Lawrence High to get accepted into anything Ivy League, and with a full ride into pre-law at that. He was gonna be the biggest fuckin’ success story Lawrence had ever seen; he was gonna make the whole damn town proud. Hell, the principal would’ve thrown him a parade if he was able to.
. The highest grade he’s gotten all semester. A grade high enough to finally bump that D+ to a C-. He grins, staring down at it.
Cas shuts the door, gently, like he’s already sensed how much love Dean has for his car. Dean watches him again as he walks up the driveway and without rain blocking his vision he can almost see him at the very top of the hill. Porch lights flicker on in the distance and he can make out the outline of Cas in the yellow light of an open doorway. He waits there until they switch off. The engine rumbles as he turns it over.
“Hey!” Dean bumps Cas’s shoulder with his own. It’s clearly unexpected and almost knocks Cas clear off the hood of the car. “I do too! I smile all the damn time. More than you do anyways, and look at you; you’re smiling too.”
“Take a napkin,” he says, unable to hold back a smile himself, “You have sauce all over your face.”
Dean shrugs his leather jacket off in one quick movement and hands it over to Cas, who eyes it with wariness, but takes it from his hands regardless.
“I’m sure you’re much better than you imply. And besides I doubt I would even notice; I don’t know much about baseball. I’ve never watched a game.”
and weren’t flunking out of an intro to astronomy class.
“Hello, Dean.”
“I don’t think you’ve ever filed taxes in your life, Dean.”
at him. Cas has been sending out beacons into the dark with all kinds of warnings, trying to get Dean to see he’s scared, he’s in pain, he’s hanging on by a fucking thread, that he needs Dean to look at him. He doesn’t even need Dean to look at him fondly, just to look at all. He’s looking now.
Dean plucks the joint from his fingers. “Come here,” he says, voice low and steady and still gentle.
Dean loses patience, grabbing his arm and hauling him under a nearby pavilion. Cas shakes his hair like a dog once they’re out of the rain. The move makes the world spin a bit but Dean steadies him with a hand on his shoulder.
Cas nods.
Dean hisses out a breath.
Today though, he finds Mick and Sky there bent low over a phone, sharing a pair of headphones.
Dean pushes Cas back onto the bed, leans over him, and kisses him hard. Cas totally ruins it by smiling into the kiss. Dean has to pull away. He smiles back at Cas, and really, when was the last time, before Cas, that Dean had to stop kissing someone to smile.
“Come for me, Dean,” and what can Dean do but follow his command. He clenches, crying out  as shakes he apart in Cas’s arms. Cas presses the knot firmly into him and Dean shudders, choking at the burn of it all over again, until finally he collapses back into the mattress.
“Nothing’s wrong with Cas but dude, you need to tell him.”
“I wasn’t-- I thought angels were, y’know, junkless. Didn’t go for that gender stuff.” He’s stopped shuffling through the bag. He’s resting on his heels on the floor, half-turned, looking at Cas.
On the drive, Mick asks, "Cas, are you on the run? From an ex or something?"
A few minutes later, as he’s just taking his second hit, Dean comes back in.
“Dean, I know you said you don’t want to date but I do need you to know that you are the most important person in my life. What I feel for you is no what I feel for Sam or Jack or what I felt for any of my siblings. I do need anything to change between us, but I need you to know, I am devoted to you.”
Cas makes a small uncomfortable little noise and Dean slows. “You ok there, Cas?”
Dean rolls his eyes towards the ceiling, silently praying for the strength to have this argument for the 8th time this week.
“Of course,” he answers, and kisses Cas’s cheek. The movement presses his cock further into Cas, who cries out again, oversensative, and presses his face into the bed.
"I'm not reading anything of mine today, but I wanted to share a couple poems I've read recently with you all,"
He look at Cas for a long minute, wavering.
The meeting goes on, Cas shooting little holes in Dean’s plans and Dean getting more and more frustrated. Cas could tell Dean these things in advance; Cas could be transparent but they would end up having these same conversations anyway only then Cas would have to look in Dean’s eye and know he doesn’t care. So Cas argues, he argues just to argue, just to bother Dean, just to entertain himself but mostly he wants the aftermath. He wants this: Dean at the end of the meeting, quietly seething, “What is your fucking problem?” Dean punctuates his question with a shove.
His future self snorts.
Mick snorts, “You getting high with your buddy?”
“Us, our relationship. It’s nothing. We’re just some friends, we’re not – ” Dean gestures to them both, sitting on the motel carpet, “We’re nothing.”
Dean comes first, arching, bucking up into Cas hard, making Cas cry out and lose his balance. Cas comes only a second after Dean, clamping down around Dean as he comes, groaning and collapsing against Dean’s chest.
Dean grins, “I’ll go easy on you.”
“Dean Winchester, I love you,” his earnestness is painful.
“Thank you,” Cas takes the towel and carefully wipes the semen off his eyelid. “Did you know semen burns when it gets in your eye?”
“Oh man, Jody’s gonna kill you dude.”
“I still have 20 pages of reading to do Dean, and I won’t let you get  in the way of that. I am going to sit on your cock and you are going to be quiet and still and good for me. Can you do that for me?” Cas asks, and Dean’s heart is racing. He nods eagerly.
Cas's pillow is wet and his heart is racing and feels too big for his chest, like it might fill up his whole chest if he's not careful.
Inside, Cas collapses on the bed in a wet heap. Dean ignores him, wandering deeper into the cabin. Cas sighs and gets up to find a towel. Now that he’s inside, the chill is setting in.
Dean keeps going like that, landing a couple hits on Cas, then teasing him with the toy until Cas is stretched out on him, twitching and whimpering and desperate to come, luxuriating in the space between pleasure and pain, open and raw and hurting. Cas is a gasping mess under Dean’s hands, ass hot and stinging, hard and wet and no doubt dripping around the dildo. He’s writhing, making little animal noises, his eyes are stinging, he’s sure the neighboring cabins can hear him yelling.
He'd been dreaming about Dean. About sitting on the impala on the top of a great hill looking down on Dean going about his life. Watching the familiar creases around his eyes as he laughed, the charming quirk of his mouth when he's trying to be humorous, the gentleness of his hands as he helps someone away from danger and the ruthlessness of them as he kills.
"Thank you, Diran. I cannot tell you how much your kindness means to me."
“You know you have to get married again?” Sam asks into the silence.
"Yes, I do."
Cas leaves early the next morning after poor sleep. He was worrying too much about where he would sleep tomorrow, where he would go. He's already discovered that jobs require things like driver's licenses and social security numbers and home addresses and all kinds of things Cas has never had need of before and has frankly no idea how to get. He had been planning to ask around at the shelter but he hadn't felt welcome to ask any questions when he woke in the morning. He left without speaking to anyone.
"I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to make you cry," Ezra’s wringing their hands.
Dean releases the nipple, thumbing over it as it hardens in the cool air. He keeps rubbing over it, as Cas kisses him again and the stimulation is making him ache for Dean. He breaks away to strip off his shirt and boxers. Dean takes the moment to kick off his own jeans.
“You’re trying to distract me,” he says, a little disappointed.
"Fuck, fuck, Cas," he gasps and Cas sucks him down deeper fingers working him through his orgasm. The sound he makes is ruined, broken open in a way he only is after getting fucked like that. Dean gasps with him, then relaxes again on the floor, still achingly hard, as his future self collapses onto the bed. Dean's heart is racing like he's the one who got his dick sucked.
“I’m a little busy here Cas. You’re supposed to make this easier,” he snarls, shoving Cas again, until he lands against the wall with a solid thud. Cas has to scramble to keep his footing.
“No,” he answers seriously.
“Thank you, Dean,” he rumbles out. The sound vibrates through Dean’s chest.
The first harness Dean got had been a cheapy from some novelty store at a trucker stop in the middle of Nevada. There’d been three different strip clubs, four gas stations, two adult video stores, and a “massage parlor” packed into a half mile strip of highway. Dean had been freshly 21 and freshly alone, and decided that he wanted to fuck the next girl he picked up properly.
“I always want you to stay,” he admits quietly.
“Yeah, that sounds right,” Dean chokes out, for the first time realizing that perhaps his relationship with Cas isn’t some broken little thing.
Crossroads holds weekly meetings for trans adults. Cas is usually working or too tired to bother going. But, one day Marin texts him before the meeting and he decides to drag his tired body downtown.
Dean loves this, the ache in his jaw, the taste of Cas on his tongue, the velvet heat, the way his eyes water when Cas holds him down just a moment too long. He’s just a vessel for Cas’s pleasure, for his love, rough and beautiful and tender.
“I had not considered that before,” he finally admits.
Dean winces at that. It makes something clench in Cas’s belly.
“Committed.” Cas rolls the word over his tongue. “What do you mean?”
In the following lull of conversation, Dean sees him fidgeting. Cas opens his mouth a few times, then close it again. Dean tries to wait him out.
Dean palms his ass, then presses the dildo inside more firmly, making Cas grunt and jolt.
“Didn’t know Jimmy was trans,” he comments with familiar forced calm, as Cas pulls the shirt on. It smells like the impala, like Dean, like leather and the inside of his duffle bag and gun oil.
Cas’s moans go high and frantic. He shakes under Dean, hips twitching. He collapses under Dean, gasping. Dean follows, pressed to his back. He strokes Cas’s sweaty hair, as Cas breathes, eyes closed, smiling into the pillow.
His future self is gasping out of control while Cas steadily fingerfucks him and sucks him off. Dean would be more impressed with the coordination that move takes if he didn't feel like he was going to combust on the spot. His skin is pickling with sweat. He's only ever experienced a blowjob like that once before and it was akin to revelation, leaving him speechless, breathless, ready to be led along in supplication by the mouth.
"Come over; I can remind you why you like my hair,"
There is small talk again, but perhaps it is not so small this time. Cas learns that they are together, that they have a cat, and a small garden of potted beans and tomatoes. He learns that Sky dropped out of school and was homeless until Mick picked them up. He learns that Mick works at a local warehouse and is active in the union. He asks what a union is.
"Yeah, that'd be awesome."
It's an old white Ford pickup. The windshield has a dramatic crack spanning half the glass and Cas wonders if Dean could fix that. Probably, given the time. The cab smells like cigarettes and incense.
"It's alright," Cas says. "You have a beautiful reading voice."
"Steve!" he turns to find Diran there, smiling brightly at him. "So, happy you could make it. How are you doing? How's Nora treating you?"
But what if I broke through
He holds Dean in place with one hand on his face, thumb under his jaw, and the other is on his side, sliding down over his hip over his thigh, up his back.
Cas narrows his eyes at them, then, with concentration, slaps their hands together.
“Tell him what?” Dean demands perplexed.
“Want you,” he admits.
“Whatcha doing down there?”
Cas’s eyes narrow dangerously and yeah, ok, he’s got Cas’s attention now but Dean’s a little afraid this is going to end in righteous smiting rather than an orgasm.
“What’s going on?”
“Get up a second,” Dean tells him. Reluctantly, Cas pulls off. He’s surprised to see how wet he is, how wet he’s made Dean.
The laundromat never stops feeling terribly vulnerable. On one of his first trips, a wild haired young woman had taken one look at his chest and gone to mutter to the attendant. He couldn’t hear the words, human hearing is severely lacking, but the looks they’d been casting at him had made his hands sweat. This is the only laundromat within comfortable walking distance of the gas-n-sip. He doesn't want to lose this.
Dean stands, sits heavily beside Cas. “S’not really a choice though, is it. Just feels right.”
Command meetings bore Cas, but more than that, they make him itch. They are stark reminders that Dean doesn’t listen to him, nor particularly cares for his insight. So Cas kicks back, picking at his nails, mentally calculating the ways someone could attack this meeting and how Cas could take that person down.
Jimmy built this body, Cas took it, his brother destroyed it and,
“I love you. I want to make sure you know,” Cas says simply, like it’s nothing at all. Dean swallows and leans down to kiss the closest part of Cas, his knee.
He loses patience once, just once, and thrusts into Cas.
“You’re kidding. Dean, what the fuck? He’s kidding right.”
Cas kisses his forehead before he ambles away. Dean shuffles out of the wet spot.
Cas bought it for him. He’d measured the other dildos they had, meticulously making sure the one he got for Dean wasn’t too long, too thick and just the right texture. Dean’s reaping the benefits now.
“Come here and kiss me,” Cas orders. For once, Dean comes without complaint.
They lapse into silence again as Jack and Cas continue reading.
“I am amenable to kissing, if not particularly experienced.”
“Dean,” Cas grinds out, long suffering.
"No, thank you. Did you see where Mick went?" he asks.
Cas tries to speed up, eager for more, more of Dean but the position is awkward, keeping their pace slow, lest they topple over.
“Are you alright?” Cas asks, mouthing at Dean’s shoulder.
It’s Dean who asks to kiss him in the end. Sam’s off on a solo hunt and Cas spent the whole day researching greenhouses and sunlamps and moisture levels and a hundred other things that he told Dean and Jack about over dinner and Dean feels warm and fond and wants to kiss him. After dinner, Jack rushes off to his room with promises to wash the dishes after he finishes his game and leaves Dean and Cas with an easy silence.
thinks Cas. “But if you can’t remember how this fucking camp is run, if you need a goddamn reminder--” He doesn’t finish, instead pushing Cas’s head to the side to inspect his cheek, which is stinging from Dean’s hand.
He works himself up on the dildo until he’s wet and hungry for it. When he looks to Cas, he finds that he’s pushed down his pants and is palming over his cock, watching Dean eagerly. Dean spreads his knees a little wider.
He looks at his face in the mirror some evenings wondering, does he feel a kinship with this body?
Cas doesn’t let him finish, just sinks down on Dean, making him gasp.
“If I am perfectly capable of finding romance. I don’t want romance. I want you.” He says it with such conviction that Dean wants to believe him.
“Hmm, I did,” he sounds inordinately pleased. He pumps his finger just once, then pulls out and leans down to kiss Dean’s belly. Dean swallows watching the top of Cas's head as he dips down and presses his lips to the curve of Dean's stomach. It’s soft and vulnerable and Dean’s never had a lover who kisses his belly after fucking him. He’s never had a lover who kissed his belly at all.
"I started thinking about the men in my life and thinking, what parts of them do I admire. I like the way my dad gardens and is humble. I had a teacher in high school who wore lots of jewelry and I always thought that was cool. I like how gentle my cousin is with children. My neighbor makes food for me and our other roommates when someone is sick. I mean, maybe you don't know that many nonbinary people, but you can still look at the people that I admire in your life, the people you evny and try to emulate that. You're not inventing a new gender, Wren, you're just figuring yourself out."
“Hang on, I’ll be right back.”
"You are concerned for my safety," he guesses. "Please, rest assured I am perfectly capable of taking care of myself."
It’s not really their business anyway, to know that Dean and Cas have started kissing in their free time.
“Dean,” Cas prompts, pressing the knot in as far as it will go.
"Yeah, man. You get to decide what it means. If it doesn't fit, you can decide that you're something else. Don't let anyone trick you into thinking you need to be a certain kind of person to be a man." Mick says.
They sit in silence then.
“Yeah, me too.” Dean’s so close he can barely breathe.
"I think it does fit," Cas admits. They're both smiling at him.
Cas bites his tongue. Run off again, as if Dean didn’t turn him out.
“The music, can’t hear it. Turn it up.” So Cas does and it’s terrible 80s pop and Dean would like to know where the fuck Cas got a taste for 80s pop music anyway.
"I think so," Cas says, then opens his arm in invitation. Dean settles next to him on the couch. Cas shifts around so he's got his legs flung over Dean's lap and Dean holds onto his ankle, brushing his thumb against the bone there.
“Cas, it’s fine. I don’t. I wouldn’t ask that of you. I don’t need it really, not with you.”
Cas lets the comment go as Dean swipes a thumb over Cas’s nipple and slides a hand down to press against Cas’s dick, over his boxers to Cas’s disappointment. Cas hums, pressing more firmly into Dean.
“That good?” he asks, looking down at the side of Cas’s face can see, his open mouth, gasping into the pillow.
He finds himself putting on an episode of Next Generation and holding up his arm one night, waiting for Cas. Cas passes him the popcorn and fits himself into the space of Dean’s arm. Dean draws him in by the waist and starts explaining Star Trek lore through mouthfuls of popcorn and it really doesn’t feel any different than before.
“No.”
Dean supposes he should’ve expected that; it’s not like it isn’t the first question everyone asks. Not like he didn’t just ask Cas himself.
Mary is silent for a long moment, and Dean doesn’t look up - he can picture her face well enough. His fork scrapes against white porcelain, the sun a bright glare on the stainless steel tines.
A thought that, apparently, brought him here.
Dean frowns for a moment. Corinthians. Corinthians. Corinth—
Dean had stared at her, his gaze running over her broken form, her torn gown, her tiny reaching hands. He wasn’t much for Greek, but he’d caught the sentiment nonetheless.
Sam’s eyebrows climb his forehead, smile going crooked. “Didn’t think that was possible for you.”
. Dean almost laughs.
,” Sam says and gives Dean a mild glare. “This,” he begins, smoothing a palm over the front of the book, “is the history of Heaven. Since Jack remade it.”
Cas touches that handprint and thinks,
Dean sighs, clenches his jaws and probably sends up a half formed prayer for the strength and patience not to shoot Cas where he's standing.
Cas’s eyes immediately drop to Dean’s lips.
Dean has thought about it, he can admit that to himself at least. But it’s not something he craves, not something he needs to be happy with Cas.
” Cas demands, hand on Dean’s wrist trying to get him to move down to where he wants.
“What?”
“Queerplatonic does sound like us, Dean,” Cas says quietly after a moment of reading.
“You’re beautiful. Beautiful man, you are so good to me. Come here. Let me fuck you like I promised,” Cas says and Dean can only answer, “Please.”
He touches his belly, tries to be grateful for these petty difficult organs for keeping him alive, even when he’s hungry, even when he dreads getting up off the floor in the morning.
“Here, get your fingers wet” he pulls out, making Cas groan in displeasure. Cas pumps his fingers a few times, getting them nice and slick. Dean thrusts back in impatiently when he’s done. Cas rubs his dick and meets Dean’s thrusts urgently. The cabin is full of the sound of skin on skin and Cas’s moans as Dean pushes him closer and closer to the edge. For all Dean likes Cas to himself, he’s never once minded fucking him in a cabin with no door where anyone can hear.
“Or I’ll get the vibrating plug and make you wear it while I edge you until you cry,” he says and it’s not an idle threat. He’s done it before and Dean had actually cried.
“Look, I want to get married. Let’s go to the courthouse tomorrow. You have a fake driver’s license, right? And I do too.”
“‘Course, gimme a minute.”
It sends a jolt through him.
“I changed my mind. That ok? You not like kissing either?”
"Can I finger you?" he asks, resting his chin against Cas’s thigh.
Cas nods mutely.
Steve knows Rhea. She's easy to work with, very quiet, sometimes follows Cas around like she's lost.
but your mouth opening
They don't fuck that day. Cas is slow and sleepy from his nap. They watch Prince of Egypt while eating stew instead, because Cas was raised under a fucking rock and never really got to watch movies before moving in with Dean and because Dean will never admit it but Prince of Egypt was his favorite movie growing up.
“I couldn’t sleep,” he admits. “A friend of mine, from before, is here.”
Cas is shaking a little when he announces “Three pages,” and that’s the fun of it, seeing Cas’s control slowly unspool, knowing no matter how in command of Dean he is, it will only last so long before Dean undoes him. As Cas turns the last pages Dean revels in him, in the solid weight of Cas in his lap, pinning him down. He rubs his hands over Cas's thighs, hopefully soothing and a little distraction. Dean loves his thighs, loves being buried between them, their strength and heft and the thick dark hair Cas is so proud of.
“M-hmm,” Cas confirms.
"So you want to wait until they sting someone. Cas, someone could be allergic."
“Which one is that?” Cas breathes, squirming as he clenches around the toy.
“Fuck,” Cas breaths out, trying to grind down on Dean’s thigh. It’s awful with Dean’s jeans in the way.
“Yes?”
“Thank you, Dean. I would be honored to stay with you.”
“I uh – not yet. I haven’t even asked her to move in yet.”
It leaves him feeling flayed. He lays there, feeling stunned, sweating, still catching his breath. Cas is running a hand over his side and down his thigh and over his chest, coming to cradle the back of his head reassuringly.
“Here,” he says, gruffly, handing Cas a first aid kit, “get yourself cleaned up.”
“We don’t. I am a poor example of an angel. Especially now. But I choose Jimmy for a reason, though, I am still unsure what that reason was.”
"Do you still want to eat me out?"
Things don’t get easier with Dean at the motel room. There had been smiles in the car but after Dean had burst out “Damn it, Cas! Just let me take you back to the motel!” things have been tense. So, as soon as they get into the room, Cas flees for the showers.
"Yes. They told me I could stay for a few days but then they amended their position and I was only allowed to stay one night."
Dean finds it surprisingly easy to touch Castiel more. Without the weight of romance or sex behind touch it becomes a simple thing to cross into Cas’s personal space. He brushes a hand over Cas’s shoulder as he passes by and knocks their knees together at dinner. He hugs Cas more, puts an arm around his shoulder because he can. When he and Cas and Jack pile onto the couch to watch a movie Dean isn’t careful to keep himself away from Cas anymore.
"Ok, well, why don't you tell me a little bit about what's going on and we'll see what we can do."
the skin's thin page
He doesn’t know what his future self says, if anything, but there’s some shuffling and Cas is kneeling on the floor and his future self is sitting on the edge of the bed and Dean needs to get the fuck out of here right now.
“About what?”
“Cas, please,” he begs. Dean’s so fucking wet Cas’s fingers glide over him.
He gets Cas up, and pokes him toward the bedroom. Then leaves him to start dinner.
The old man wanders over, Aaron.
The group is nothing like he expected. It's just a talk. A woman with bright red braids talks about her struggles in the workplace and everyone chips in offering support and advice. There’s talk of supportive parents, supportive parents, hormones, surgery, happy trans moments, moments of fear and crushing uncertainty.
They don’t talk about it over breakfast. Instead, Cas talks about soil composition and growing seasons and pollinators and how he wants to make one of the rooms in the bunker into a greenhouse and Dean feels such a fondness filling his chest when Cas talks about the bees he watched, the way the bumblebees bumped into him drunkenly as he watered the oregano before they left. He looks at Cas as he rambles. He’s tan from the gardening. His face is getting wrinkled and careworn. Dean wants to see that face every day, for the rest of his life if he can.
And Cas comes up to hold him. Later there will be a bath, and an order of Indian food delivered to their house, and Cas will help him change the sheets before they fall into bed together to sleep later that night. But right now they tangle their legs together and Cas rubs a hand over his side and Dean kisses Cas’s forehead then his cheek then the hollow of his throat, and says right into Cas’s chest, “Love you.”
"Oh man, we missed you last week! It's so good to see you. Can I give you a hug?" he nods a little dumbfounded that someone missed him.
“Probably not,” he agrees.
Dean obliges; he seals his mouth over Cas's cock and sucks. Cas makes an inarticulate sound, surprise and need, and tugs at Dean’s hair hard. Dean hums, pleased.
The pink one isn’t too long or even too thick, just a pleasant easy size, something Cas has used to fuck Dean in the past.
He looks at Dean, who for some reason is still here. He didn’t take off last night, insisted Cas come back to the motel room with him, shared a bed with him, and now, is offering to take him to breakfast. Cas has no idea what Dean wants. Cas wants to spend more time with Dean, even if it hurts.
“Not like this though.”
"It's not important right now."
He hands the phone over the table and Cas and Jack lean over it. Dean sits on the other side of Jack but doesn’t bother reading the tiny phone screen. He’ll look it up later.
"Ok, we'll order some lunch later. So listen Steve, I already called the shelter we usually send people to, but they're out of beds unfortunately. We're really not supposed to do this, but we can let you stay here tonight if you want. I'd be staying with you, just to be safe."
With no preamble, he lowers himself slowly onto Dean. Usually, Cas likes a lot of foreplay, likes to be hard and wet and hungry for it. He likes to tease Dean, grind against him until Dean is ready to beg for it. He knows it probably stings a little, to take Dean with no wind up. He stays very still, watching Cas’s face screw up and relax again as he takes Dean.
Cas fucks him like that, pumping the knot almost all the way out only to press it in. It’s intense. Dean’s back is arched as he pants to the ceiling and works his cock furiously as Cas finally painfully takes him apart. The pleasure is so bright he’s tearing up all over again.
“Gladly,” Cas says, shuffling back under the covers. He falls back asleep surprisingly quickly.
Dean pulls out, gently as he can, and collapses beside Cas, who stays where Dean left him, ass up, face pressed to the bed.
It goes on like that. Sometimes on cold nights or on hunts with just the two of them they share a bed. He wakes up with Cas plastered against his back a couple of times. Sometimes they’re just in bed together, Cas’s hand clenched in his shirt, or their backs pressed together in the mornings. Cas wakes him up after a nightmare once and wordlessly shuffles into Dean’s arms, shuddering faintly.
"Come with me, Steve," she commands. His stomach drops but he follows dutifully behind.
“Dean, Dean,” Cas is groaning out. Dean answers by speeding up, sucking harder as Cas slips closer to orgasm under him.
Cas looks at him, wide eyed with an expression Dean can’t quite read.
Through it all, Dean hasn’t given much thought to Sam. He tries to avoid alerting his brother to the bedsharing and they keep the PDA down to non-kissing in front of others and Sam never says anything. And Jack, well. Jack has Cas’s lack of understanding of human social rules and he’s so young. Dean doesn’t think he needs to explain to Jack yet.
He swings a leg over Dean’s lap. He wants to be Dean’s. What Dean doesn’t understand is Cas is already his. Dean never remade Cas’s body, he never will, but Cas is transformed by Dean all the same. Cas became human for Dean. More than that, Dean made him become, even back then when he was still an angel, before he was falling, Dean was forcing him to become. Every part of who Cas is today has been touched by Dean.
“Yes?” he asks.
He rocks with the girl, rifling through the medicine cabinet looking for Tylenol.
He sits in the back at the reading. An older man with a brilliant smile and an oversized suit jacket opens the night by telling everyone the rules. No more than five minutes of reading, no apologizing, be polite. With that they're off. It's not really a performance. Really it's a group of friends reading each other their favorite poems. Mick reads in a low sonorous voice that people learn forward in their seats to listen to. Wren reads a poem about turning into a deer which Cas adores immediately. There are silly little poems about birds and flowers and puddles and children, and chilling poems about the loss of a child, and poems about the beloved, and poems about being high on the roof of a building and being in love--in love with everything. One person, reads a few evokative poems about sex and tying someone up and Cas thinks of Dean the whole time, much as he would prefer not to.
“‘m close,” Dean gasps out, voice wrecked.
"Look, if you need some help getting a prescription for cheap, I can send you in the right direction."
“Sam. Look, we love each other,”
“I’m going to pull it out now,” Cas tells him gently. Dean nods into his shoulder. He gasps as the knot pops out properly. He looks at it in Cas’s hand, amazed that he held it in himself for so long.
“I didn’t, I didn’t – ” is all he can sputter out.
“I can’t give you anything more,” Dean finally admits, because that’s it isn’t it? He has nothing else to offer Cas.
not the size of a fist
Cas starts to sag into him after another hour of reading. Dean looks over to find he's blinking sleepily at the book he's got in his lap.
“Heya, kiddo. Not feeling good, huh? C’mon, let’s get you settled in,” he coos to her and Cas follows behind, helpless to resist the chance to be near Dean.
“Dean, if I wanted something else, if I wanted to be somewhere else, I would have gone there already. I have nowhere else I want to be and no one else I want to be with.”
“I’m always here,” Cas promises.
he thinks,
So Dean just lays there, staring up at Cas like he hangs the fucking moon while Cas reads and
Cas helps him onto the bed again, on his back this time, and lays beside him. He wastes no time, kissing Dean and grabbing the base of the dildo and tugging it until the knot pops out.
“Uh I don’t know. Hang on,” Sam scrolls for a minute, “Ok so aromantic is people who don’t feel romantic attraction and asexual people are people who don’t feel sexual desire? I don’t know man, the articles are really long. Here.”
He can just feel Cas’s length through his boxers, pressing against Dean’s thigh. Why is he still wearing jeans, Dean wonders.
“Dean, why are you a man?” he asks instead of answering.
“You do, Cas.”
Cas nods, looking thoughtful.
There’s some shuffling and Dean’s watching through slitted eyes now, hoping not to alert either of them that he’s awake, wondering what the fuck is going on.
Is he a man? He's never really considered his gender before. He's been comfortable in this vessel, comfortable with the way humans respond to him while in this vessel. Mostly. The way Dean responds to him, pulling him close and then pushing him away when Cas steps too close is not his favorite. The way he so willingly touches women, touched Anna, but so rarely touches Cas, no matter how he earns for it. And the way the men in the shower responded to him, the new awareness of his own otherness, even now away from them, settles in his stomach like lead. What
The slap is a surprise, a loud crack that fills the cabin and stings where it lands hot on his cheek. Cas cries out, head snapping to the side. It used to be that Dean couldn’t hurt Cas, that Cas would decide to let Dean move him. These days, Dean can move him freely, slam him to the wall whether Cas wants to be there or not, slap him and Cas can’t stop the blood from rushing to his cheek in response.
The meeting goes on. There's laughter and someone gets out a speaker at some point and people get up to dance. It's happy and a little overwhelming. Cas sits back and takes it all in.
In the car, he blurts out, “I want you to stay.”
Wren nods. "Yeah, I think that makes sense."
“Turn around,” Dean orders. So Cas turns, leaning on the counter. Dean slips his fingers back in, The angle’s worse and now Cas can’t grind against his palm anymore but Dean makes up for it by kissing down Cas’s chest.
He pulls away after a bit, lips buzzing. He kisses the base of Cas's dick then his thighs again.
"Anything you want from the takeout place?" she asks when they're done.
He takes them off, almost knees Dean in the face in the process and then they're laughing again, fumbling and smiling and Dean loves him. Loves him so much he might burst with it.
Dean settles between them. Kisses the tender skin of Cas's thighs, the sensitive skin at the place where leg meets pelvis. He breathes Cas in and Cas squirms when Dean sighs against him.
Mick hugs him across the front seat before dropping him off.
“So they changed patrol patterns,” Dean says shortly. Cas wonders at what point Dean unlearned compromise, maybe sometime around Detroit. Or maybe he only ever compromised with Sam and Cas just never noticed until it became urgent.
Cas is on his side when Dean gets back, sex towel discarded on the floor. Dean hands him the damp towel and climbs up next to Cas, grabbing the lube again. When Cas is done cleaning up, he curls around Dean, sleepily nosing his hair and kissing his temple as Dean rubs his cock. Dean’s hard and wet and actually a little desperate to get off. He sighs out his pleasure as he rubs his cock. When he looks over at Cas, he finds Cas’s whole attention centered on him.
"Hello, Mick."
Cas’s eyes gleam and he smiles, sweet and a little diabolical. He grabs the lube again, slicks Dean up, and wipes his hand on the sheet, making Dean wince. Dean’s ready for Cas to slide down on him but Cas only lets his cock slip inside a bit before drawing back and grinding their cocks together.
“Ok, ok. I’m gonna shower. You just, I’ll try to be quiet, stay on my side of the bed and all that. Kick me if I snore too loud.”
In the absence of anything else to do, Cas sits on the floor beside Dean, holding his hand. He puts some music on his phone, low and almost entirely out of Dean’s range of hearing and just sits with him until Dean can breathe again.
“You need to be more careful, Dean. I can no longer heal you.” Castiel has finished taping the gauze in place but he’s still holding onto Dean’s arm, looking up at him from the floor.
“Gonna fill me up? Make me yours?”
“Take your pants off,” he commands. Dean rushes to comply, cock springing out when he strips off his jeans.
“Sorry. You ok?”
A few miles later, he finally asks, “Was there something else you wanted to tell me?”
“Go back to sleep, Cas.”
Sam’s eyes narrow.
"Sorry," he says, turning to go back inside.
“No. Ass up in my lap.”
“I-- Cas…” Dean starts when he walks out.
Cas takes a moment to appreciate his leader in wet jeans and oversized rain jacket and bare fucking feet on the porch. He looks human, touchable, dripping on the grey wood.
He runs a thumb along Dean’s cheekbone, cupping his jaw and Dean closes his eyes.
“You already live with us, idiot.” Dean reminds him, feeling stupid. Cas has been living with them for a year. They take turns driving Jack to school. But the crawling suspicion that Cas is going to up and disappear one day has never quite left Dean.
So, they add lazy make out sessions to the repertoire. It doesn’t happen often but sometimes Cas will pull him close and kiss him breathless and Dean didn’t know he could be kissed breathless without the promise of sex to follow but here he is, breathless and kissing Cas on the couch.
“Are you--” he doesn’t finish, casting a quick glance at Cas, where he’s now seated on bed.
Dean makes an inarticulate needy noise around Cas’s fingers.
"Thank you, Marlene."
“Cas,” Dean catches his wrist as he draws away then freezes, unsure what he even wants to say.
“Good, feels good,” he presses down until he can feel the bulk of the knot at his hole, clenches around the toy.
Cas doesn’t move, looking up at Dean. He’s still pinned under Dean though Dean isn't touching him at and now it doesn’t feel warm or good anymore. He just feels sick and tired and lonely.
“Or, they’re varying their patrol patterns regularly. There are reports of new tank tracks in different parts of the city every two weeks, which you would notice if you paid attention. They vary in eight week cycles, if I’m remembering correctly.” Cas is remembering correctly; he never misremembers anything. “Which means if you go north in two days you will run into some very unfriendly tanks on your way there,” he finishes off with a condescending little smile.
“Doesn’t hurt too much?” he asks when they break apart, grinding into Dean’s back as he asks.
“I would like that,” he offers.
He takes his harness off, leaving it in the bathroom, and washes his hands, comes back with a damp towel for Cas.
Dean cries out.
“Dean, everything I have done in the past few years has been for you, misguided and stupid as much of it was, it was for you. For love of you. Do no call that nothing.”
"That's what I was thinking." It’s mid afternoon in their shitty little downtown apartment. Cas has  been dutifully studying but Dean’s been thinking about getting his mouth on Cas since this morning, when they laid in bed and kissed lazily for an hour.
“Take your pants off,” Cas tells him after he's recovered.
“Yeah. Need your knot in me,” he pants.
Cas is flushed, a little sweaty, mouth hanging open in pleasure still and Dean feels such pride. He did that.
“So you want a committed friendship?” Cas asks and Dean cringes. Sounds fucking stupid out loud. He soldiers through.
“I didn’t think it was relevant,” Cas says easily, which is a lie. He doesn’t tell Dean these things by force of habit now. Dean’s not going to listen to him anyway, and the frustration of telling him over and over until he deigns Cas’s warnings worthy of hearing is much less fun than Dean’s frustration, in the middle of a meeting, when Cas gets to cut him down.
In the morning though, after they've both had coffee and breakfast and have gone back to bed for a lazy lay about, Cas brings it up again.
“I am struggling to understand,” who I am, he doesn’t say. “Who says I am a man?” Who says he is Cas? Who says he is anything at all? He’s not an angel anymore. He doesn’t have a family anymore. He doesn’t have Dean or Sam. There is no mission. He was cast out, then cast out again and now he’s supposed to do what? Learn to live? Live as what? And for who?
“I don’t know what your game is here.”
Dean doesn’t give a whole lot of thought to what others will even think of their relationship until one hunt where some witch called their love a meaningless little unconsummated trifle. It’s stupid. It’s stupid to feel bad about the words of a mass murdering witch and yet, back at the motel, while Cas is in the shower, Dean works himself into a panic. They don’t fuck, Dean doesn’t take Cas on dates, no one’s ever seen them kiss, they’re the only people in the world who know how devoted they are to each other and suddenly that doesn’t feel like enough. Sure he loves Cas but not in any way he can explain. He wants Cas to be with him every day but not – but not what. Not really, not fully, not the way the movies tell him he should want Cas.
“He’s asleep,” Cas answers simply, which is not true in the slightest but Dean’s also in a dark part of the room, by some cabinets, It gives him a good view of the exits and makes him unobtrusive in the dark. He picked it exactly so anyone else in the cabin would think he was asleep at a glance.
Cas shrugs. “Could be interesting,” he replies, amused at Dean’s exasperated expression. "What do you want? what does the great leader seek today?" Cas asks and just to wind him up more he strips out of his soaked shirt, wringing it out on the ground.
Sex with Cas somehow always feels like this, like Cas is making new universes inside Dean, making him glow from the inside out. Sometimes, Dean wonders if Cas did manage to keep some tiny sliver of grace in him that he can only use to give Dean earth shattering orgasms.
Cas has been human for over a year now. He hasn’t shown any interest in angeling up. He lives with Sam and Dean and Jack in the bunker. He eats breakfast with them. He goes on hunts. He and Dean and Jack take occasional road trips to do all the touristy shit Dean never did as a kid. The four of them visited the ocean. Cas has a garden. He can’t cook but he regularly provided Dean with sinfully sweet tomatoes.
Dean is ready to spit at Jack for throwing that word at him but Cas stops him with a quiet, “Dean.”
Cas thinks about that for a moment. Does crying at poems make him a person? Does kindness to insects make him a person? Does any of it make him whole? How can he be a whole person when hardly anyone knows his name?
He can tell Cas is getting close, the way he’s gasping out in bliss, the movement of his arm, the flush high up on his cheek. Dean drapes himself against Cas’s back fucking into him quick and hard, just like Cas likes until he’s crying out.
“Thank you Mick. I enjoy being around also,” he’s surprised to find it’s true. “Can you read that poem from last week? About the mint plants?”
Dean's been drifting in and out of sleep all night. For all he's good at sleeping in unfamiliar places (and really are there any familiar places in his life?), he struggles to relax here. He doesn't trust his future self and he doesn't know anyone in the whole camp except for Cas. For all he knows one of his future self's jilted lovers is going to come in here to try and kill him.
so accurately.
“Uh, according to this article it’s like a relationship that’s more intense than a friendship but lacks certain romantic or sexual norms? Common with people who are aromantic or asexual.”
He grinds against Dean, wet from Dean’s mouth and his own slick; Dean grunts, rutting up against him.
It's not open tomorrow.
“Jack,” Cas stands, handing the peeled half eaten orange to Dean, who immediately takes a slice for himself. The two hug at the bottom of the stairs, then Jack comes over to hug Dean, then Sam. Dean hands him an orange slice.
Dean is silent for a long time.
This, of course, ends with Cas rambling about the old English poem Exodus and the strange inclusion of the story of Noah's ark in that poem, and the nature of incomplete texts, missing contexts, and nature of changing textual interpretations over time. He's talking about the intricacies of new historicism and fuck, Dean's a simple engineering major. He doesn't know jack shit about literary analysis and even less about biblical analysis but he knows he loves the way Cas's eyes light up when he talks. So he listens, asks questions where he can, even when he starts to get a little tired of it, because he's never tired of Cas, only of the minutiae of old English poetry.
“Dean.” His eyes fly open but there’s no one in the room. He tilts his head, looks into Dean’s room, future Dean’s room, where he can see Cas’s broad shoulders in the doorway.
He slides a hand under Dean’s sleeve, fitting his palm over the scar there. Dean shudders at the contact, cutting off in the middle of a needlessly long explanation of whatever he was doing in the garage before he found Cas standing in the rain.
Cas presses a smile into the back of his sweaty neck.
“Because I do.”
“Uh, Cas?” Dean says, feeling his pulse thrumming in his throat.
“Yeah,” he answers and his voice is as raw as he feels.
He sleeps on the creaky wood floor in Dean’s cabin. It’s uncomfortable as hell. The floor smells of dirt and old wood. He’s got a spare pillow from somewhere but it’s ragged and the texture is awful. It comes from Cas’s cabin so he can only hope it's clean.
Cas hums and rubs a hand along his back, before his arm falls away. When Dean looks up, he’s already asleep. Dean settles in close.
They smile brightly and wander farther back into the building. It takes a few minutes before Cas dares poke around in the kitchen. There are indeed brownies in the fridge. He finds a knife and dishes himself two slices.
"Someone always cries, every week."
Before Cas, it would have made him nervous. Before Cas, he preferred not to fuck face to face, liked to be buried in someone’s pussy or taken from behind so no one could really look at him. But Cas looks at him all the time, won’t stop looking, loves watching no matter what Dean is doing and Dean finds he loves it. Feels safe and beautiful under Cas’s piercing gaze. He gets himself off like that, kissing Cas, held by Cas, grinding against his palm and fucking two fingers into himself until he’s shuddering, tucking his face into Cas’s neck and Cas is telling him, “Beautiful. Oh, Dean, I love you.”
“Fuck,” he hisses. He’s so eager he wants it in him right now, needs to take it, to show Cas he can take it.
He sleeps on Cas's porch, in the damp and cold, listening to the frogs. He wakes with dew in his hair under a second blanket that hadn't been there the night before.
Cas doesn’t answer, busy rinsing his face, drying it.
Then Dean pulls down his underwear to the tops of his thighs and slides two fingers inside. Cas grunts at the sudden stimulation. Dean doesn’t give him much time to adjust and he’s still wet and sensitive from the earlier fucking. He gasps when Dean pumps his fingers. Dean’s surprisingly gentle, given Cas’s cheek is still hot from the earlier slap. It’s a nice easy indulgent rhythm and occasionally Dean presses his thumb to Cas’s ass, to the furled hole there, and rubs slightly, just to tease Cas. It’s so easy it’s almost playful. He hums and enjoys the leisurely fucking.
Dean huffs a laugh.
There's a young blond person standing in the doorway. They're chubby with two nose rings and big wire frame glasses.
“You’re assuming the military is patrolling the east based on Gavin’s report,” Dean nods. “Two week before his report Mel’s team reported tank tracks to the north.”
Cas grabs the lube, smearing it on himself. He swings a leg over Dean's lap and pumps his dick twice, getting it slick, then wipes his hand on the sheet beside Dean, probably doing it specifically to annoy Dean.
"In a way, I am on the run from my family. Why do you ask?"
"I know. The shelter told me to come here and I wasn't sure where else to go."
“Thought you might have run off again.”
Dean kisses him. Like the slap, it’s hard and stinging where Dean bites his lip and moves to suck a stinging mark into Cas’s neck, one hand holding his jaw tightly.  Cas revels in it, the harsh touch. Cas wants him angry. Wants Dean to cut him down to size and reshape him into a new animal, one that makes sense. The only time Cas knows himself is when Dean applies a harsh touch to the vulnerable skin of this limited form.
“Cas, I’m sorry, if I had known,” Dean’s speaking to him through the open bathroom door as Cas carefully shaves in the mirror. It’s been a trial, learning how to shave by himself. It still requires a considerable amount of concentration on his part.
Cas stills above him.
Another poet comes up, saying, "Hi, I'm Ezra. My pronouns are they/them." Mick calls "Hey, Ez!" They smile.
“Please, your fingers you
So it totally blindsides him when Sam corners in him in the war room and hisses, “Dean, you need to talk to Cas.”
"Cool. My buddy Rhea works there too."
“Good,” he lets go of Cas’s throat to slip three fingers in and finally fucks Cas like he means it until Cas is bucking against his palm, grinding his dick into Dean’s palm, pressing back against him, hungrily hoping Dean fucks him after this.
“Get up here. You’re too far away.” Dean tugs on his hair just a bit to emphasize his point. Cas rises, taking a moment to kick off his pants.
“You deserve so much more than this life. I would make it so you never hurt again, if I could. But I cannot, so please you must look out for yourself.”
Right as he's wondering about who in the camp might want to commit probably well earned murder against him, he hears the steps creaking. He tenses, trying to reach for the knife under his pillow. Of course, he doesn't fucking have it because his future self wanted him to sleep in the middle of unknown terrorist completely defenseless. So he just waits as the person at the door jiggles the handle, then inserts a key. Dean’s trying to control his heartbeat, trying to appear like he’s sleeping, trying to convince himself that anyone with a key to this cabin is clearly welcome and if they aren't, his future self probably sleeps with a dozen guns.
“I straightened your fingers,” Cas touches his hand, “And your collarbone,” he reaches towards Dean’s chest, hesitates, pulls back. “I remade each bone in your face as if they had never been broken.”
lights the parking lot with a dull glow. He can see dead flies inside the lights.
Dean gets a lot of handjobs, a lot of blowjobs, he fucks Cas's thighs. Cas kisses him while he jerks off under his watchful gaze. Cas talks him through fingering himself, through fucking himself with any one of their dildos. Sometimes Cas strokes his cock lazily while he watches Dean, sometimes he just watches and tells Dean he’s good, or a slut, or beautiful or a bit of all of them. He's never been in a relationship with this much variety before.
And Dean, he feels good. Settled. There’s no big disasters coming their way and for once, Cas isn’t itching to run out the door. It’s good.
Future Dean sits up after a moment of boneless gasping and curls over Cas, cradling his head in his hands. Cas's face is in shadow as he looks up at Dean.
“Uh, yeah sure.  We can do that. Get up close and personal with the angel.”
Cas sighs and seems smaller for it, kneeling on the floor in front of Dean, looking away.
"On," he answers but tugs it up and Dean kisses him, kisses his chest, his stomach, his hip bones, he brushes his fingers over Cas's sides and Cas jumps like he's been shocked. Dean's never been with someone so sensitive before.
“I was enjoying myself,” he complains.
Dean gasps into the back of his neck for a moment, then kisses his hairline, then the knobs of his spine.
“Look, I was just trying to think of a way to explain – “
She laughs at that, as he knew she would, and it sounds like Corinthian bells, chiming in harmony on the breeze.
”) - had informed him that the vase (or
Dean rereads the words, and rereads them again. Something is growing in the back of his mind, spreading against the inside of his skull like feathered shadows—
Dean sucks in a breath - a tiny smile touching his mouth - and presses on. “So... So can we just—”
“There’s a- a place,” Dean blurts, then scrubs a hand over his face, shaking his head. “Just past the mountain. A little forest in a field. Apparently there’s rain and lightning, and I. I’m just—”
Dean huffs and raises an eyebrow. “More like Picasso.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, voice a little thick. He clears his throat and nods. “And I get it, ya know. He—” he interrupts himself on a wincing inhale. “He lost her before.” A dry swallow. “Twice.”
Dean frowns. “Brush your teeth or they’ll turn green?”
Dean is a great many things, very few of them virtuous, but let it never be said he’s a coward. He presses his arm against the door and sidesteps through the narrow opening.
Dean watches her - the way her eyes flick back and forth, a tiny smile curving her mouth, the dim fluorescent light glinting off her hair. She stares on, blithe and lovely, an understated joy hovering around her.
Dean sucks in a sharp breath and whirls around, hands going for the gun he no longer carries.
Cas’ chin drops in a motion that might be a nod, and he turns back to his book, eyes scanning over the page far quicker than any human could possibly read.
“I miss rain,” Dean says, and it feels like a confession.
“If you’re lookin’ for rain,” Sam starts, and Dean’s eyes fall shut against the too-bright sun. He feels Sam’s shoulder nudge his own when he says simply, “...that’s where I’d go.”
In Cas’ barn.
“Well,” she begins, lofty and facetious. Dean gives a preemptive sigh. “They can’t kill you, can they. They’re angels, not juggalos with rusty barn nails.”
Cas glances back up at him, and his eyebrows arch toward the center of his forehead as he says, “You were all I could see.”
good to see you, Dean,” he reiterates, and the sincerity in his tone nearly makes Dean believe it. “But...”
He glances over at Cas. He’s wearing a white undershirt (Dean’s) and blue plaid boxers, hirsute legs crossed at the ankles. His skin is dewy in the damp air, arms goosebumped (though it’s 70-something degrees), and a dusting of stubble crawls over his sharp jawline. His hair is a riot, pillow-flattened at the back and wild everywhere else.
