"I thought this was something out of reach..." Sherlock said, when he could take a breath. "Being naked, having an orgasm with someone else," he added. "It was beautiful John."
John frowned and rubbed at his face while he looked longingly at the lost toast. "Really? Wha-"
Sherlock was nowhere to be seen when John got back. No coat on the hook, empty tea mug in the sink - John knew it was now or never. He took his package out of the bag, admired the wrapping for a moment and then about-turned and strode up to Sherlock's bedroom door. The fact that it was closed was a worry for a split second, but it was such a fleeting thought that it had passed before his hand turned the doorknob and the door swung inwards.
"And that's why we're here?" John asked, flicking over the performance notes in his hands.
"It's for me," John muttered, as he made his way to the kitchen. He swiftly poured out a generous measure of whiskey, dropped a couple of ice cubes in from the freezer tray and grabbed the frozen peas while he was there. He gulped some of the alcohol as he wandered back to where Sherlock was sitting, waiting. He pressed the peas to Sherlock's shoulder and just about waited until Sherlock moved a hand to hold it in place before flopping down beside him and taking another deep swig of his drink. It burned pleasantly on the way down and he groaned softly.
He felt his eyelids drooping and rested his head on his drawn up knees.
John frowned and looked back to his friend. "Huh?"
"So, you two have been living together for some time now - was it the right move?"
John rocked back onto his heels, taking a deep breath. "I won't," he lied. "Better get these made," he added, turning back to his sandwiches. "Did you want one?"
"I think I just need space occasionally," he murmured, not looking back to Sherlock, not wanting to see anything in his eyes, or to give away anything in his own.
Suddenly, worried that this might be the end of it if he wasn't careful, John said, "We'll talk about this tomorrow, though, ok?"
But Sherlock had other ideas anyway and John was completely happy with those ideas when Sherlock grabbed him and pulled him back in for a kiss that John had certainly not expected.
John slid his arm beneath Sherlock's shoulders and shook his head at himself. "D'you think we got a bit carried away?"
John sighed loudly. "It's the alcohol," he said, deliberately avoiding any preamble as to why he and his sister didn't get on. "Mostly that. And the way she treats people because of it. It's not been good."
John wanted to punch the git, whoever he was. But he stayed calm. "At least it's not a memory to regret," he tried.
"Ok," John said, concerned.
"I didn't dream," Sherlock said, and John looked up to see his friend's face.
"Good though, wasn't it?"
"Hmm, I wonder why," John said, starting to put away the food.
"Death by blowjob?" John said. "Shall I write this up? I think we have a good title there," he guffawed.
"It was a rhetorical question," John said, eyes to the ceiling. "I'm going downstairs for some air." He didn't wait. He went through to the kitchen, put his mug in the sink, sloshing the remnants of his tea down the drain, before about turning and heading for the stairs.
"That was the fifth one today."
"Yes, meeting Mike after work, I told you." John watched Sherlock for a while, trying to judge his mood, but as often happened he was closed off, not exactly an open book at any time, but right now John had no idea whether he was annoyed, upset, nonchalant... "If you need me, I can meet him downstairs instead for a coffee. Or I can stay?" he tried.
"I wanted to tell him to fuck off," John smiled. "I told him you can look after yourself."
John hastily rolled off the condom and opened his palm, easing his own cock in alongside Sherlock's. "I can't, sorry - needed to -" and that was it.
When he could think again he realised Sherlock's cock was nudging against the back of his hand and nothing was going to stop him from taking Sherlock up on his offer of
"Um," John said, looking up at Sherlock.
Sherlock looked up at him, struggled to his feet and stood wavering on the pavement as John hunted for his keys. He dropped them, picked them up and grabbed Sherlock's arm again. "Let's get inside."
Sherlock met his eyes again and then his lips, plunging his tongue between John's lips and John cried out, breaking the kiss as he came in his pants. "Oh fuck... fuck... yeah..." he gasped out, holding Sherlock close with his other hand as the convulsions continued.
John let a sigh escape. "Yes," he agreed.
"Sherlock," he said as they got moving again, Sherlock leading them to the door. "Do you think you'd like to-" his question was muffled by Sherlock's lips as he dragged him close again and pushed the door open with one hand. They burst into the room in each other's arms and Sherlock released him for just a second which allowed John to add a gasping "...fuck me?" just as he saw from the corner of his eye that they weren't alone.
The door clanged behind them as Sherlock stumbled to the bench at the back of the plain tiled room.
"Don't apologise. You shouldn't have to suffer in silence."
"I've got you, John," was the whispered response.
"John," Sherlock said when John turned his back for a moment.
He frowned. "Thank you," he said slowly. "Would you mind?" he added, motioning to the door and Lestrade sidestepped with an apology, allowing Sherlock to leave.
to look, he saw how serious and concerned his friend actually was. "Sherlock, you didn't forget a thing, this is great, really, it tastes... great."
He laid his hand on top of John's, fingers slipping around each other and a thought occurred to John. "Have you ever... you know,
He blinked. Lestrade was still gaping at him. "Right, yes, I have to go."
John was on the edge of his seat and he reached out for Sherlock's hips, grasping for him tentatively through the bunched up sheet. "Please," he whispered.
John looked over and Mrs Hudson was actually mopping at her eyes with a tissue as she stood there watching them. "Oh, yes, yes, isn't it wonderful?" she said. "I've never seen them so happy."
"Because when you said 'adventure', I wasn't sure if you meant being out on the streets, actually tackling real life... or this, playing Monopoly."
"Yeah?" John said looking over his shoulder, wondering whether he should hang up his towel in here or take it upstairs to get dressed first. How much parading around naked was appropriate at this point?
But he needed to be sure. He pulled back, seeking confirmation first in Sherlock's eyes, and then waiting for the words before he would move again.
"I had a long night to think it through."
"What's that?" Sherlock asked, instantly awake as he tried to peer behind John's back.
"And you're ready?"
John frowned, lifted up on an elbow and studied him more closely. "You did," he said. "I didn't move."
"Is that right? So, finishing off my cheesecake was a good plan was it? And swigging it down with the last of the wine?"
"Thank you," Sherlock said again.
"Did you enjoy it? Was it different from your previous experiences?"
"Sorry?" Sherlock asked.
"And did you come to any conclusions?"
"I did, yes, he just said the flat's too cold and he'd rather wait here for you."
The whole conversation rushed through John's head again and he heard the words as if Sherlock was there with them. "He was honest." His voice wasn't shaking, not at all. "More coherent than I could ever be, said we already have all that he can give. And the worst of it is, I knew that already. There was no need to tell him, to spoil this." His words had grown angry as he got frustrated and he shook his head, apologised.
Another date, but can they sit through a 'proper' date now that sex is on the menu? (Not literally, it's just Angelo's.)
"Huh?" John said, taking a sip from his mug.
He was looking sort of... John couldn't put his finger on it - out of sorts. "How about you?" he asked, never expecting much in the way of detail, but maybe one day Sherlock would surprise him.
"I'm sorry," Harry whispered. "I promise to try. For you."
John kept his arm tightly curled around Sherlock's body - he wasn't backing away from this. If Sherlock could do it then so could he. "You want to talk about sex?" he said slowly.
"John, what are you doing?" he asked, voice rough and accusing.
Sherlock didn't look convinced.
"You must see a fair bit of each other, working and living together? I'm not sure I would manage it."
Even more confusing. John nodded and watched Sherlock climb the stairs. He wanted to follow, he wished desperately that Sherlock had ended the night like an actual date. He needed a drink.
"Absolutely," John said, with complete conviction. "What we have has no correlation to anything I've had before. I promise you," John said, leaning on his elbows, as close to Sherlock as he could manage with this barrier still between them.
Work was slow despite the never ending stream of patients. John really didn't know where they all came from. Mothers these days were so terrified by the media that any minor ailment had become an instant emergency GP appointment. John didn't blame them, and he worked hard to make sure they knew they had support and that a cut on a little finger was not going to kill their child.
He grabbed Sherlock's arse with one hand, both of their cocks held in his other, and gritted his teeth as he pumped his hand. "Come on, come on," he whispered. "You feel so good, so fucking good in my arms Sherlock, can you feel it? I want to come with you, please," he gasped out.
Because the endless hours of the night were more of a torture to him than the dreadful waking hours of the day.
"Um, Tuesday, I think," John said, after pulling the toast away from his mouth, still feeling far from awake, hoping a brisk stroll would help things. When he looked up at the vision at the top of the stairs though, he knew there was no hope of ever shaking the reality of how he felt for Sherlock. It was the sheet. Why did he have such an aversion to clothes? John blinked, turned his back before he could imagine anything more inappropriate at 7am, and called a resigned, "See you later," before opening the door and making his way to work.
And then Sherlock surprised him again by taking his hand, running it down between their bodies and pressing it to his crotch. To the obvious erection in his pants.
"When I arrived back and found you with Mary, I- it took me some time to understand. But when I saw how happy she made you, how could I not be pleased? And yet, I believed I had let you down. By leaving I had created all that anger and you needed to release it. I believe that build up of anger culminated in what happened at the hospital."
"I couldn't even offer her tea, now could I," Sherlock told him. "So I took her downstairs for one."
He took a deep breath, not sure his words had made much sense, glad to have said them anyway.
"Um, Sherlock, has Mrs Hudson been buying us new clothes?"
"Yes, you were tired. But when you saw that there was pizza you didn't even argue."
"John," Sherlock hissed, making John turn back from his window watching.
"John, I think it might be that bad."
(See the end of the chapter for
"No, no, don't apologise, Sherlock, I'm not expecting anything from you, there's no pressure here, ok?"
Sherlock had never taken notice of John's nights out until
"John?" he cried out when he heard the door downstairs. He was in the hall and at the top step when John appeared below him.
Sherlock took a step back and actually looked lost for words as well, truly taken aback by John's ridiculous outburst. "We are," he finally said, quietly. "I'm sorry John, I knew I could do this one alone, I didn't want to disturb your work." He was frowning. "John," he said again, and John frowned to match his but he didn't interrupt. "Are you all right?"
Sherlock watched him as he considered. "Only if you think it will help. Mycroft and I, we've had our differences of course, but he's always been there to pull me out... when I needed him."
"Hmm, don't worry though, I told her that of course we weren't."
John grumbled and groaned and leaned against the wall beside the bed to help him slide more easily to the floor.
"I'm fine," Sherlock told him. "You weren't in bed, I came looking for you."
He wasn't nervous, Sherlock didn't get nervous. But his heart was too fast and he was struggling to catch his breath as he strolled along Northumberland Street. He could put it down to the slight chill in the air but maybe this time he did know otherwise. The street lights were lit, a few people, mainly tourists ambling about and pub-goers claiming places in the rowdier establishments on the adjacent corners. Angelo's, tucked under its awning offered the quiet and solitude that Sherlock had always appreciated. He still appreciated it, but now he wanted to be with John. Everywhere. He was struggling with that concept. Years of being alone and content, and now when he was alone he wanted John there. Even just in the same room, certainly in bed - Sherlock had easily given up his middle position if it meant having John there to hold onto.
. Intriguing to see how they would put this on stage.
Maybe he should leave the damned dressing gown here, just forget the whole idea. But the girl had already rung up the sale and John found himself handing over his card and taking the bag from her when she was finished. He walked out of the shop, trying to pretend he was fine, the bag clutched in one hand. It was only a sodding dressing gown - Sherlock would either like it or not. It wasn't a big deal.
Sherlock was watching him and John was in no mood for games. He shifted to the edge of his seat to stand up and looked to his friend for a moment. "You don't have to keep making the effort Sherlock, it's ok. I get it."
"No, thank you, I'll eat later, I have to get to Scotland Yard, apparently Lestrade has forgiven me and needs my help with something or other."
The colour was amazing on him - John had known it would be. But the fear of the gift itself was enough for him to have questioned the whole thing all day. Seeing Sherlock wearing it now was good. It was all ok. Did he have to be so naked underneath? Probably not, but John really couldn't complain.
"Do you mind talking about this?" Sherlock asked.
He helped Mrs Hudson with the bags and said goodnight at the foot of the stairs. Then he sat down on the bottom stair and let the clunk of the door drown out the sound of his heart breaking in pre-emptive horror at what Sherlock would say.
He gazed down stupidly at his friend, stomach flipping and heart racing, and pressed a final kiss to the swollen pink lips so temptingly close.
"Well, I'd hardly call you a chef, perhaps with a few more years of practice..."
But Sherlock was only wearing black trousers, along with John's jumper. The man had no socks on - this was killing him. "You, er, ran out of clothes?"
Sherlock nodded and smiled a little when John looked back to him. "I had hoped you would enjoy it."
"I don't need anyone - anyone else," John said awkwardly, tilting his head towards his friend. "This is enough for me."
His lips parted at the feel of Sherlock's tongue against them, and the tentative, soft, wet press against his own made John think about that hand in his pants again.
John nibbled on some peanuts. "Yeah, just a usual Thursday I suppose, nothing too tricky."
He waited a moment, fairly scandalised by his own admission, concerned by Sherlock's reaction, needing a cold shower with how hot he now was.
"No problem John, I feel quite well caffeinated at the moment."
"Hey, you ordered that second bottle, I had n-nothing to do with it."
Sherlock considered his next words carefully. Now wasn't the time to let slip the reality of the situation to everyone in their acquaintance. He would need to discuss further with John. Especially after this morning's phone call from Mycroft. Sherlock had yet to be able to yell at his brother about that, he had the strong suspicion that Mycroft was blocking his calls. He had sent a lengthy text on the subject though.
Mike's smile faltered as he looked between the two of them.
"For you to show me more of what I've been missing," Sherlock said.
This was becoming a serious problem.
Sherlock looked up at him from his chair. "Ah, no, nothing," he said.
John breathed in heavily through his nose, managed to look at Sherlock, met his eyes for the first time since he'd come into the room. "No, no it's not, it's not ok, don't let me get away with this."
Sherlock was gasping out words, thumping one hand on the floor while he grabbed at John wherever he could find purchase with the other. John was spurred on by the completely uninhibited display from his friend. He had seen him excited by a case, or by a cup of tea even after a long day, but he had never seen this.
"Good, good," Sherlock said.
"I told him I've got my hands full for a while."
Sherlock nodded but didn't immediately move. "Next time you invite me out for dinner, John, I'll know what to expect."
She nodded, a little flustered, a lot concerned, and went back to her door as John sighed and gave Sherlock a little shove to get them moving again. "I'm not really hungry, John." Sherlock told him.
I've been waiting months to get to this chapter <3
He made up time with an extra train instead of walking the final distance and eventually strolled into the theatre foyer at 18.55. He spotted Sherlock immediately, his back to the door. John walked up alongside him. "Evening," he said.
A quick nod was enough and John smoothed his hand across Sherlock's chest with no further hesitation. He had never truly considered what it would be like, this touching thing. This actual running of slippery palms across each other's skin, Sherlock may look lean with his clothes on but his chest was firm and well-defined, and as John slid both hands over his shoulders and down his arms he couldn't stop his cock filling again.
It's here - they have made it to touching territory. Gasp.
The cab was going as fast as it could, John assumed, but it was still taking too long. He was avoiding looking over at Sherlock, trying to calm himself after that kiss. At this point John couldn't even really blame Sherlock for the state he had found himself in at Angelo's, the poor man must have thought there was something wrong with his food, they spent so little time in there, even after booking. He surely assumed Sherlock had a case to rush off for, he couldn't possibly know that he and John were fucking, and Sherlock had assured him he hadn't said anything.
Sherlock nodded. "Was it like that with all those women?"
, exactly?"
"We're good?" John asked, when Sherlock didn't respond.
"What?" John asked, frowning. Sherlock shook his head and smiled, and John found himself simply smiling back. "Well, all right then. Take your turn, Mr Detective."
"It's not you, it's me," John said flatly. "Really? Already? You've only made me dinner once, is it really all that bad?" He was mocking himself, their situation, because what else could he do?
"What is the point of a relationship? Why can't two people just be friends, spend time together in the same place, what more does there need to be?"
Sherlock ruffled his newspaper and looked at John across the top before putting it down in front of him. "Yes, of course, is there anyone else here?" he asked.
"Yes," Sherlock said, nudging John's foot with his own. "Or, you know, it is sensible in this cold weather to conserve body heat by sharing a small space."
As he watched the shop assistant wrap it, John began to feel a cold sweat creep up his back. He saw himself giving the present to Sherlock, saw his friend's face as he opened it. What if Sherlock got freaked out? They didn't do gifts, they just weren't those sort of friends. Sherlock wouldn't even tell John when his birthday was, and the only card John ever got was from his sister.
"Well, I've been out of sorts lately. Too much on my mind, distracting me from work." He didn't sound his normal irritated self about that either.
Sherlock frowned a little, emphasising the stitches on his eyebrow, the pain in his eyes too acute and John wanted to cry for him. He reached out, too far away to touch, not worthy to do it anyhow. He gave a choked laugh and scrubbed at his face.
John, trying desperately to think of something to say came up with, "Which is your side?"
After much patience, much careful preparation and almost ejaculating twice already, John was on the brink. He had been on the brink for so long he thought he was on the way to mastering tantric sex. He thought maybe Sherlock would enjoy investigating that side of things actually. He would bring it up later. After... oh...
"You're shivering," Sherlock told him, patting the bench beside him. He appeared to have squeezed right back against the wall. It would be tight but John could probably fit on there beside him.
John took Sherlock's hands in his, tugged him away from the wall and walked backwards until he hit the door with his heel. He shoved and pushed through it, bringing Sherlock with him, the shirt flowing around him where John had left it dishevelled. To even things up a bit he yanked at his own collar, pulling off his tie and grabbing the hem of his shirt with one hand, pulling it loose and starting on the buttons.
"I didn't," John ground out. "What common interests?" he asked.
Now Sherlock really did look confused and John could have shouted in frustration at his inability to handle this,
John shoved Sherlock a little and he rolled onto the floor, John following with an ungainly flop onto his knees off the sofa, before they both scrambled to their feet.
"John."
"Oh God," John whispered, as they both looked across the room. "Mrs Hudson," he added.
"Same thing I always do when I start thinking about you too much," John began, and Sherlock turned to him wide-eyed. John swallowed and held his nerve. "Think about all the things that really piss me off about you. That always helps." He allowed a small smile.
"What is it John? Is there something I'm forgetting? You really must remind me if I've done something, you know I don't actually want to embarrass you."
"Yes... I may have dropped it," Sherlock admitted a little more calmly.
John let Sherlock's hand fall and went over to put an arm around her shoulders. "Mrs Hudson," he murmured fondly. "Why am I suddenly surrounded by insatiable romantics?" he asked the room at large.
Sherlock sat back, and after a moment John looked up and realised his friend was doing just that. He had swapped the card for his glass and was watching John as he took a sip.
"Tell me, John."
"This won't change anything, will it?" Sherlock asked and John shifted to look at him properly.
He looked up to get a good view of Sherlock's face before redoubling his efforts and sucking in him again, squeezing his hips enough to leave finger marks, he knew. Sherlock cried out an almost defeated sound, chest and shoulders raised up as he came in hot spurts over John's tongue. John was so ecstatic that he couldn't even manage to swallow all at once, he had to pull off to catch his breath, his hand finishing the work as Sherlock's orgasm went on.
of this. His friend was at a loss because he didn't usually put himself in these situations - John's revelations had drawn Sherlock out, but now John had made him uncomfortable. "I'm sorry," he finally said, his hand slowly slipping from Sherlock's wrist. "If you want to go, I'm about ready to get back anyway."
"I've wanted to ask you for some time, if we could try this. It means a lot to me that you're so patient, John."
"So, it's just dinner," John confirmed when they were alone.
"What are you thinking about?" John asked, dubiously, knowing that kind of questioning would usually get him nowhere.
Ok, so he was keeping the cases to himself these days? John had been spending more time at the surgery, but maybe, if it was working out for them both, maybe Sherlock needed to do this on his own for a while?
Sherlock nodded, holding his towel in front of him in much the same way as John was, covering what they had both revealed already. There was really nothing much to leave to the imagination and so surely they didn't need to be this modest.
"Any reason you're ignoring your messages, John?" he murmured.
John nodded, he was ready. He wanted to do this, but... "We can't rush, ok? I won't hurt you."
"Ok," Sherlock confirmed. "Well, I think we'd better get upstairs before Mrs Hudson puts two and two together and makes you regret ever meeting me."
Sherlock finally put the broken kettle back on the counter and huffed off while John got out a pot. He made sub-standard tea and took it into the living room. He couldn't complain about Sherlock's renewed obsession with his tea. It wasn't drugs and that was all that mattered to John.
Sherlock sent the text and went to get dressed. This time they would meet at the restaurant. No distractions - an actual dinner. A date. A real, honest date where they both knew what to expect.
"Good?" Sherlock raised an eyebrow. "Good enough to do it again?"
Sherlock nodded. "Yes."
"Gentlemen," Angelo said, arms wide as he greeted them. "What a great pleasure it is to see you here again. I held your usual table, if you'd like to come over?"
Sherlock looked down into those eyes, serious, but with a sense of wonder in them, his tongue peaked out at the corner of his mouth and Sherlock knew - they had skipped over the part of the evening that might have been considered foreplay. And he was already growing hard when John's hands slid around his hips and squeezed. "John," he murmured, eyes closing as John began to undo buttons.
"You look-" He breathed out heavily and climbed to the top step as Sherlock took a step backwards. "Bloody incredible," John finished.
"Of course," John replied and he crossed to the entrance and pulled open the door while he waited for Sherlock. Sherlock marvelling at how gentlemanly John was, and always had been, nodded and went inside.
"Most of the time. I will try harder."
"We should take off more clothes," Sherlock suggested.
"Pass me your plate, please," Sherlock said, and John handed it over. The plates were new. They had butterflies on them. The serving dish was new, or maybe borrowed from Mrs Hudson. And the way Sherlock was serving two portions of home-made lasagne - that was certainly new. John couldn't get over it, but he stayed calm. Dinner. It's just another dinner. And yet, somehow, this was so much more romantic than their dinners at recent restaurants had been. Maybe because they were currently sober and looking at each other over a flickering flame, and Sherlock was lifting a glass of white wine to toast. John quickly put down his fork and picked up his own glass, clearing his throat as he waited for Sherlock to speak.
(See the end of the chapter for
Life had just become an insane mix of pleasure and confusion and John didn't give a damn as long as he made Sherlock come. He was making a sloppy job of it but it meant he could wrap his hand around the shaft when he came up the length with his mouth. Sherlock groaned every time and grabbed harder at John's hair and wrist, while John slid his lips over sleek skin and gave a twist of his palm at each upward stroke.
"Talk," Sherlock repeated. "Yes." He gave John a sidelong look. "Never really been very good at that."
"Thank you for coming, John, I really appreciate it."
"More than fine," John told him, kissing him again.
"I wanted to ask if we could try sharing a bed."
Sherlock returned his smile with a thoughtful one of his own.
He didn't think he'd be using those particular words in front of Graham, but still, he
John sat up. "Sherlock, look, you've not done this before. I've not done this before. I'm just... we need to take it slowly so that we're both prepared."
"Well, you, mainly."
"It's intriguing, these personal activities. I've not really watched you before now."
Sherlock frowned before saying, "Your honesty is what grounds you, John."
John sat back a little. "Hey," he began, but Sherlock's soft smile made sure his words didn't do anything more than make John smile at himself. He knew he'd been covering his own feelings with a string of meaningless relationships. He only wished he'd realised it sooner. "There's not been anyone for months."
"Oh, God," John whispered.
John certainly didn't agree with that. "Not from this angle," he murmured.
Amongst other topics on their way home, Sherlock brought up Harry again. He had received an email from her, desperate for another visit with John and trying to get Sherlock to persuade him.
John tried again. "You did a gr-" he sighed, "a brilliant job here, it was a really nice idea, to finish the case like this. Especially," he added slowly, "since the
"For the entire day?"
John moved, strode quickly across the room and took Sherlock by the shoulders. "We've been through this, haven't we?" he said softly. "You are, and have always been, exactly what I want. Why will no one trust that?" he thought aloud.
"I just mean," John said, placing a firm hand on that delicious chest, which certainly didn't help things in John's trousers, "I don't want you to think that I want to push you into anything further..."
Sherlock grasped at John's hips and as John drew back a little way to look at his face, Sherlock met his eyes. "Yes, John, yes."
To be continued.
"Only, there's a new shirt on my bed," he said, gesturing behind him, "and this morning there was a brand new pair of shoes sitting by my bedroom door."
"Have you been waiting long? Shall we go in?" John asked.
"You need a hand?" John managed, but all he heard in return was descending footsteps and the dull thud of the heavy front door two floors below him.
Sherlock's hips were moving, rocking against John, rubbing their cock's together and making John desperate to lose some clothes. In the back of his horny mind, though, he knew it was probably best to take this one step at a time. Despite the obvious arousal, this was all new, especially for Sherlock - kissing was one thing, anything more would be quite another.
He woke again with a large, warm body pressed against him when he tried to roll over. He rubbed his eyes and found Sherlock snuggled up beside him, barely staying in place on the narrow sofa.
"I really want to kiss you," John murmured, before he could stop himself. "I just wanted you to know, but I don't want to rush you," he rambled on. "I'll wait for howev-"
A bit of an up and down chapter for poor John. More is coming soon :)
Hi! I'm so sorry it took me so long to finish this, I fully admit to falling into two new fandoms (well one really, just Dylan O'Brien and everything he's involved in *sigh*) and letting John and Sherlock go for a bit. But part of this I'd written months ago and the last part came to me the other day and I had my ending. Yay! I hope it's a satisfying ending, they've definitely ended up in new territory, no secrets now. Thanks for reading and all the kudos and comments from before, you've all been lovely :D
What John didn't expect was Sherlock appearing at the top of the stairs as he was pulling on his coat.
"Sherlock," he whispered, warmth spreading through his chest at the thought of Sherlock doing this. He reached out cautiously and stroked a pale cheek. "Sherlock." Sleepy eyes opened to gaze up into his. "Hi, how are you feeling?" he asked softly.
"Ok?" John asked, trying not to smile.
With a giving-up sigh, John waved Sherlock into the living room. "Go and sit down, I'll make the tea."
John closed his eyes and shook his head. He couldn't find any sensible words and he felt like a complete prick. He was an idiot. "I'm an idiot. I'm sorry." He held out his hands, palms flat as he apologised. "You don't need to answer to me, or anyone. I was worried, and I'm sorry," he finished, sitting heavily back on the stair.
They kissed again, John nudging his hips forward, desperate for more friction, unsure if this was ok, but Sherlock was hardening again too, John ran his hand down the length of Sherlock's body, taking hold of his own cock at the last moment, knuckles brushing against Sherlock's.
John looked. He felt tears prick at the corners of his eyes. This was hardly a serious injury and Sherlock probably didn't need John's help at all, but the fact that he had asked... he had let John indulge, it meant a lot.
"Not after... I turned someone down once, at University," Sherlock told him softly. "Since then I've stayed away. He wasn't someone I could ever have considered a friend, and certainly nothing more than that."
The next time John was going out Sherlock was waiting in his coat when John came into the living room. "Oh, you're off out as well?" he asked, aiming for nonchalance and knowing he was failing. He was trying hard to believe that Sherlock wasn't in any danger going out alone. He'd managed fine before John came along. "New case?"
"Ah, yes, I did," Sherlock agreed, looking down at himself.
"What?" Sherlock looked up at him. "Oh, nothing, no, I -" He stopped and shook his head in a display of confusion that John had rarely seen from his friend. "I thought you were enjoying our evenings out together," he finally said.
Sherlock scowled. "Well, yes," he agreed. "Sorry, it smelled fresh and warm and... I put it on without thinking."
"John," Sherlock murmured against his lips. "You're overthinking."
have hurt you." He closed his eyes and saw Sherlock's bloodied and beaten body lying at his feet. The same image that was haunting him everywhere he went.
Sherlock nodded. "I want to try. You know I trust you, John."
John mirrored him and they lay there, smiling, blinking, breathing. After a moment Sherlock reached out of their cocoon, stretching to turn off the side lamp and John admired the flash of arm and shoulder before waiting for his eyes to adjust.
He worked solidly for the next hour and a half, forgot the time, missed any opportunity for food and huffed and sighed a little as he packed up and set off for the tube at a fast walk.
"If you need anything, John, you just have to ask."
He couldn't keep his breathing steady, could feel the rapid rise and fall of Sherlock's chest as he came closer - thigh to thigh, chest to chest - as they met in a careful press of lips which John felt all down his spine in shivers of pleasure. He closed in further, his hand moving to the back of Sherlock's neck as he deepened the kiss, pressing his tongue against Sherlock's lips, licking and teasing, trying to put all he had into it, because if Sherlock had never kissed anyone... well, John wanted to be the only one who would ever know this feeling. Sherlock's arms were around John's waist, one gripping his shirt, it felt like they were both clinging to each other in desperation.
John turned back, ushering Sherlock onwards, but he stopped as well. "Ah, Mrs Hudson, sorry, yeah, bit of a late one, we're both feeling a bit-" he stifled a fake yawn and gestured over his shoulder. "Better get upstairs."
"For God's sake, John, you don't have to be so cautious with me."
John rolled the dice. "Dammit, why is it always jail?" he huffed, and moved his silver boot over to the appropriate square for the fourth time.
The line was quiet for a moment and John wondered if he might just hang up in disgust. He looked down at his suddenly unappetising lunch preparations and shook his head.
Sherlock opened his eyes and John moved back an inch. "Why?" Sherlock asked. "Why would you single me out so definitively?"
He got butterflies every time he thought about the changes they'd made. He found himself smiling, warming, more than he should while anywhere but his bedroom, during his lunch break. Just thinking about Sherlock, kissing him, lying beside him in bed, being together in the same room and wanting to kiss him all the time - more than that though, knowing that Sherlock wanted him too... it was almost too much to comprehend.
"I'm not attacking you, John. I'm merely asking that you consider the facts."
John turned to him, not pretending he wasn't surprised. "Yeah, yes," he agreed.
Sherlock considered him for a moment. Finally, he met John's eyes. "I woke up from a dream so fresh I thought you would be beside me when I turned over. I was cross with you - with dream you, when you weren't there."
"No, no, not exactly."
He looked up at Mrs Hudson and she gave him a knowing look. "Just be patient with him. It does sound like he's trying to process what you told him. In his own way."
"You've known him for some time."
"Yes, great," John said, looking around them. The bar was spacious and they took stools by the window.
"No, John, I mean I might be ready to explore further... what we could have together."
He lay back, sagging into the mattress and heard his name through the somewhat calming sound of blood rushing to his ears. It was dream Sherlock, calling to him.
There is finally bed-sharing.
"Not since the day you told me how you felt about me."
(I have to add- when John says Sherlock's the only family he needs... I nearly cried when Sherlock told Mycroft that John was family in S4, because I wrote this chapter at the end of last year :D)
He took the tea from Sherlock and tried to avoid watching his friend over the rim as he sipped at it.
"Mmmmf."
When he did stir, Sherlock squeezed John in his arms, pressed a kiss to the top of his head and murmured the most wonderful "Good morning," that John had ever heard.
"Beautiful," John said, and Sherlock may only have flushed cheeks because of the early hour and the closeness of their two bodies in the warm bed, or it might be because John made him feel the same way Sherlock did to him.
"Let's keep this just for us, for now, shall we?" Sherlock murmured. "I wouldn't like to have anything spoil our fun when we've only just begun."
"Were they your size?" Sherlock asked, after a moment.
John pursed his lips. "Right, ok," he said. "Well, feel free to suggest somewhere if you change your mind."
John's stomach twisted and an almost sharp pain shot up through his chest. "Sherlock," he said on a breath. "Why didn't you say anything?"
"I didn't argue, I was merely pointing out the flaws in his logic," Sherlock told him, finishing on a hiccup.
John called his sister that night, worrying that he would change his mind if he didn't do it straight away.
"Morning," Sherlock said. "Tea?" he asked, as John stared.
, John, he really needed someone to point it out."
Sherlock nodded.
Sherlock hummed at him again and looked away. "No idea, John," he murmured.
"'Morning," John croaked sleepily, wandering into the kitchen. "Why are you awake so early?"
"Is that right," John mumbled into his tea. As far as he could tell, Sherlock only put up with John because he was sometimes useful to him on cases. He knew he was appreciated, and that had to be enough.
"What? Ah, no that's not true at all," John said with a frown, after managing to swallow.
Sherlock was shaking his head before John could finish that thought. "John, wait, before you say anything else." He got to his feet but after a step forward he stopped, hands flopping at his sides as John backed up for his own protection. "You are my doctor, and equally you know I usually appreciate your capabilities on our cases." He gave a small smirk, before his face became serious once more. "But most importantly, you once told me that I'm your friend. Friends, John. That's the most... intense relationship I've ever had. I didn't know I was capable of maintaining a friendship. I have no idea how to think about doing anything else."
Sherlock began whispering his name, over and over, raking his nails down John's back and holding his hips as John's gentle thrusts lost all coordination. He pulled oh-so-slowly out so that he didn't lose control. Sherlock blinked at him and frowned.
Angelo was on them at once and John's hand on Sherlock's back as he stepped over beside him made Sherlock's heart race all over again.
But then Sherlock started to laugh. John drew back and stared at him wide-eyed.
When he pulled back John licked his lips, studying Sherlock's face. He could see every quiver of Sherlock's eyelids as he kept them closed, eyelashes just a smudge of dark in the dim light. He wished they had the lights on so he could see more - he wanted to remember details. He wondered if Sherlock had considered this as often as John had - not possible, surely. How often had he written out a portion of his blog, describing some personal feature of this man, giving too much away, and deleted it to save himself? He felt he could write reams now, just about that brief and beautiful kiss.
"Because I have never wanted anyone to touch me, until I met you."
John put down his mug and nodded. "Yeah, yes, I have been," he agreed readily. He had never really thought that he and Sherlock would be spending any social time together, and so anything that they did which didn't involve a case was a bonus. "I also enjoy just sitting here together, you know, sharing a pot of tea, watching a film?"
Sherlock grabbed his hips and pulled their groins together. John swore under his breath as his hard, straining cock pressed into Sherlock's.
"Why? I don't want to burden you as well," John said, already regretting how far he had let Sherlock into this.
"Light a fire? I thought that was your job?" Sherlock said with a grin. "I left Mrs Hudson dealing with the engineers, I have no idea what happened after the pipe exploded in the bathroom."
between them.
John blinked and shook his head, trying to displace that particular image. "Sherlock, seriously - you can boil water on the hob, just get a pot out."
Sherlock smiled. "Because I love you, and I want you to live with me again. I think it's the only way to try to get back to what we had, don't you?"
"Good wine," he said, inwardly kicking himself for not being able to come up with anything to say.
"John." No, it was the real man, calling upstairs. John got his breath back while Sherlock called his name again. "Have to go out - Charing Cross - new lead."
John just smiled sadly and waited for Sherlock to continue up before letting his face fall.
John frowned harder and sat down beside him. "Is it..." God, he was being presumptive. "Is it me?" he asked quietly.
He had suggested they move into the shower, thinking it might be easier with so much slipperiness. Not that they intended anything serious yet, they would just see what might happen.
"You've not done this before?" Sherlock asked.
They were quiet for a while and John explicitly took notice of every shop window and squinted at each crack in the pavement to avoid thinking too much on how much touching was occurring tonight. His shoulder had brushed against Sherlock's as they collected their coats in the restaurant. And he was fairly certain he had nudged a foot under the small table as they ate their starter. After that he had kept his feet firmly under his chair. And now it was dark and he could just about pretend that they were merely walking close beside each other and that Sherlock's warm, coat-covered arm was not pressed against his.
His hand drifted into his pants and he closed his eyes, wrapping around his hardening cock and letting his fingers curl around the head. He squeezed a little and let out a breath he'd been holding since he woke up. After a couple of lazy strokes he opened his eyes again and sighed loudly. Damn. He didn't want to be doing this. Not right now, just because it was fucking convenient. He wanted last night back, wanted to change what had happened, or rather what hadn't happened - they should have sobered up, talked about it. Maybe they could have worked something out and not just gone their separate ways until now Sherlock was probably completely over it. Probably went straight to sleep last night and John had missed any opportunity there might have been.
, he'd said.
"Walk?" Sherlock suggested, and John looked up at the sky for some reason, cloud check maybe? He didn't even know.
John gaped at him for a moment and then slowly put his full fork into his mouth. He barely tasted it; he couldn't think beyond what Sherlock was saying. "So, those jars over there, that's not part of the investigation..?"
It didn't seem unusual that they were here together; it just seemed right, and it was certainly something that John wanted to have every morning from here onwards.
There was a lot of tossing and turning, a lot of huffing and throwing back covers. John already knew every tiny crack and bump in the painted ceiling above his bed and he traced each one with his eyes until his eyelids were too heavy to manage it anymore. Visions of Sherlock's sleepy, drunken face, mixed with the hopeless desire to touch himself and get some relief. His hand was loosely on his cock but he refused to give in.
John frowned, shaking his head. "No."
Back at home, Sherlock greeted him as usual from his desk, looking not quite as fatigued as John had expected. Perhaps he had managed to go shopping himself and got the damn kettle? And that thought reminded John that he had in fact forgotten to buy one himself on his way home. He had been so caught up with trying to return his sister's calls and making sure he had all his paperwork finished after the surgery had closed for the day.
"I wonder if we can try to get back to where we were?" Sherlock asked. "Minus, the Rizla and whisky," he added.
"Ice," John remembered.
Embarrassingly fast in the end, actually, but as always with Sherlock he felt it through his entire body. He used his cum to slick the way to Sherlock's orgasm, even as his own continued - holding Sherlock down by one shoulder as he worked his fist over Sherlock's erection, until Sherlock's head was thrown back again. He didn't seem too concerned that John hadn't managed to continue their experiment, when he came across John's knuckles with a loud cry of pleasure.
"Ah, ok..." John said, unsure, but grinning in a rather silly, lop-sided way. "Perfect for what, exactly?"
"Thanks Mary," he said, and then lowering his voice, "Has he said anything else? You did tell him I have a full practice today?"
Sherlock sighed as John sat back on his heels. "Ok, bed," Sherlock agreed tiredly.
John nodded, forehead brushing against Sherlock's curls. God, he did need a drink for this conversation. No.
Graham seemed to snap out of it at the same time as Sherlock. "Ok, well, will you let me know how it goes? I'm happy for you Sherlock," he said, and his hand slapped against Sherlock's arm in a most unusual manner.
I've been completely obsessed over a new fandom these last couple of weeks, and then my laptop died. I've also been reading an interesting mixture of things. Then yesterday I was watching the beautiful Peter Pan from 2003 and I fell in love with yet more characters, and suddenly there was inspiration to write! So here it is :)
"Mmm, yes, are you hungry?"
"Please, will you stop trying to make a joke of this? I wanted to cook for you, there is no ulterior motive."
The trouble was, what would they find to talk about that wasn't related to a case, or to something even worse, like their living arrangements? He supposed it wouldn't be too bad since Mike would be there to stay John's nerves.
John nearly choked, couldn't take breaths deep enough because his heart was pounding so hard. "Sherlock..." he whispered, "I can't-" He put his fingers to the bridge of his nose, squeezing hard as he drew in what air he could and held it, before letting it out in a rush. "Yes, of course I do, you idiot," he said brokenly.
"Do you think we could try something?" Sherlock asked, tentatively.
"Yes," Sherlock said simply. "Will you show me?" he said, repeating words from last night, and John knew even if they were both crazy, at least they were both sober, both on the same page - going into this together.
Sherlock's arms around his waist always got John's heart racing, the feeling of comfort and warmth he had when they embraced was something he didn't ever want to let go of.
He stopped dead for a moment, pressing a hand to his chest, stumbling and leaning on the shop doorway beside him, letting the tightness subside. He felt tears spring to his eyes.
Sherlock was watching him closely, clearly hoping to take some of the blame onto himself, but John wouldn't have it.
"Oh," Sherlock smiled, happy with John's response to his efforts. "Thank you, John. Are you hungry? I thought we should get this date started so that we can get back here as quickly as possible and you can do that thing to me that you were whispering about last night."
at that moment.
And yet, as he looked back up into his friend's face, he knew - this man was the one. John had never felt anything to rival this deep-rooted love for another person. But then, who said fairytales needed a happy ending? Maybe the best bit was the life, the living for the moment? Maybe John could do without anything more, and the physical side..? Well, he had his hand.
What exactly did Sherlock think John did all day? The man scowled across the waiting room as John held the door for his next patient, he was tapping his watch when John closed the door, as if John should just hurry all this unnecessary business along.
He sighed, looked up to the ceiling and began again, far more trepidation than when he had started - because he wanted that look, but he didn't deserve that look. He didn't deserve this man or his friendship and he needed him. He couldn't get through another day without him.
But for now they both set about struggling out of their clothes. John rolled off him, shoved his trousers off, kicking off his shoes at the last moment and helping Sherlock with his, before Sherlock pushed his jeans down and off. Shirts were thrown over the side of the bed and John lunged back on top of Sherlock's lithe body and kissed him again.
"I thought you knew you were welcome in my bed every night, John?"
"I was thinking about the day we met," he started softly. "About what I asked you then, at Angelos,"
Even in this situation Sherlock couldn't be serious for more than a moment. "I could hardly get in a word between the constant flow of girlfriends," he murmured.
John ran his hands through his hair and held them there while he gaped at Sherlock. "Is this going to be a regular thing? Because I'm sure between us we can find something else for you to do."
John narrowed his eyes. "You know, there's nothing stopping you from buying your own damn bread once in a while."
"Why are you sitting down here? Are you unwell?"
"With you?" Sherlock tried.
He clearly couldn't form words now, which John took as a wonderful sign that this was going well.
Sherlock put down his tea, as John wiped his eyes so at least he could see more clearly. He moved to the edge of his chair and John felt a hand on his shoulder.
realised you were there when you started to speak John, and then I looked over and saw the two of you, and... Oh, this is such a beautiful sight! I am thrilled for you both, I really am-"
Harry and John had grown apart long before alcohol and divorces and more petty disagreements had come between them. John knew that for their parents' sake he should care more, but right now it felt as if she was fishing for cash and nothing more.
Hello! :D
, with anyone?"
Sherlock shook his head, smiling widely and John's heart rate increased until it was almost painful.
"Only what? John, if you'd rather we went somewhere else, or I can get rid of the candle-" He went to blow it out but John covered the flame with his hand.
"Hmm, more often than not I'm afraid at the moment," John said.
He put his fist to his sternum and tried to breathe through it without drawing attention to the fact that he was struggling.
"We should get upstairs," John said, finding some sense from somewhere.
John looked over at Sherlock, head beside him on the pillow. He smiled. Sherlock's hair was ruffled, his skin was glowing with a sheen of perspiration and John reached out to take his hand.
Sherlock groaned into his mouth as John's hand sped up, his hips giving stuttering thrusts into John's fist.
"You, uh- you're serious?" Sherlock nodded. "You want me to do this?" John asked again. Quite expecting for Sherlock to tell him to stop, John squeezed again before moving his hand very slowly along his leg.
Sherlock ignored him. "Let me try something here," he said, and John was pulled into another embrace before he could think further than
Sherlock looked down and leaned back a little, his lower half edged forwards and he bumped into John's erection. His eyes widened and John felt his cheeks heat. But Sherlock said, "Ah, I see what you mean," and took hold of John's hand.
He didn't plan on talking any more tonight, but Mrs Hudson had that way of cornering him so easily and somehow he ended up being drawn back from the front door and was soon sitting at her kitchen table, plate of biscuits between them, as she sat with her chin in one hand and looked at him sadly.
"Do you think," Sherlock started, quietly, as John looked at him cautiously. "Would you like to do this more often? Could you see yourself spending more time like this?"
"No." John cut him off quickly. "Please, don't do that. I know what I have, Sherlock, I know who I am now." He squeezed his hand into Sherlock's shoulder. "It took me this long to get here, I want to stay, if you don't mind. And the only family I need is right here."
It wasn't awkward exactly, it was silent, but John left Sherlock to snooze, or retreat to his mind palace or whatever he was doing. He didn't want to talk about his drinking, although Lestrade's words were hanging heavy.
"Everything... ok?" he asked, peering over Sherlock's shoulder. The smell made him move swiftly back. "Sherlock, seriously, can't you do this in a lab somewhere?"
John realised that nothing was going to be achieved here unless he and Sherlock separated, but Sherlock didn't seem to want to let go.
"What? Why?" he blurted.
"So," he murmured, as they ate ice cream during the interval. Sherlock had insisted on going off to buy some from the foyer. "Who is it, one of the actors? A stagehand?"
"Mrs Hudson?" John said, eyebrow raised. He pushed away from the breakfast table and downed his coffee before clunking the mug back down.
Sherlock smiled. "Because you must surely know that that was bliss," he added softly.
It took less than three seconds for Sherlock to let John know just how he was feeling about the previous night. Grumpy. He stomped into the kitchen and huffed about the place while John watched him over his coffee mug. When he finally came to a stop in the middle of the room, tea in hand, he glared at John.
Sherlock wanted it all.
"You had plenty to do with the contents," Sherlock assured him, as he took a faltering side step in John's direction.
"I think
When John looked at him, properly this time without turning away and trying
He needed to question his friend, find out exactly what Sherlock was thinking, doing all this, having such an appearance of being on a date with his boyfriend. But John couldn't allow himself to hope that far, and he couldn't risk spoiling the night. He would continue to enjoy whatever Sherlock came up with. To question would be detrimental, John was sure of it, and he refused to put either of them on the spot again as he had those several weeks ago.
After a few more minutes John had to check. He got up and edged slowly around the room, pretending to be searching for a book on the shelf, then switching off the television before adjusting the blanket over the back of his chair and turning to peer into the kitchen. "Oh, God."
John squeezed his hand. "Everything we do together is different from any previous experience."
Sherlock looked across to him, his head resting on the cushion. "Yes, thank you John, it was very thoughtful of you."
"Well, shit," John let out in a whisper. He had known for a while, of course, that Sherlock was working it through, processing it, but the thought of him coming up with the two of them separating - he held his breath, not able to think beyond this moment, to let himself fall into the chasm of devastation that would be Sherlock telling him it was over.
"John, I said I could handle this, please," he said, gesturing back into the lounge.
He pulled on his jeans, found a dark blue shirt to go with them this time and watched his reflection for a moment in the wardrobe mirror. His hair wasn't at its best but he gave it a good ruffle and brought out the curls which John told him he loved so much, and he was ready.
John kissed the side of his head. "I'd rather you didn't."
He very briefly considered leaving a kiss after his name, but he quickly decided that was inappropriate for both him and Sherlock. He stuck the note to Sherlock's bedroom door and called goodbye through the bathroom door on his way out.
He cleared his throat as it bumped against Sherlock's hand and Sherlock looked up at him with a grin. "Sorry," John said unapologetically.
The sharp voice in John's ear didn't exactly disagree, and as with each stilted call they had together, John couldn't find it in himself to be too bothered by that.
. Sherlock's lips parted a little and John eased closer, kissed him back before he could speak. He felt a tentative hand on his shoulder and his own hand slid up and touched Sherlock's face, fingers sliding against his smooth cheek. He didn't insist; the kiss remained gentle, just a caress and Sherlock's eyes closed.
He was pacing. He needed a cigarette. He needed John.
"The middle."
"Could you, whisper?" John asked carefully, scrunching up his entire face as he stood and came up beside Greg to the door.
"I do," John assured him. "Of course I do. Now up. Bed."
John kept looking over his shoulder at each sound from the kitchen. Sherlock had already been in there for an hour and his occasional mutterings weren't exactly worrying, but John wanted to help and Sherlock had told him to stay where he was, he wanted to do this for John.
Before John could blink, Sherlock had pressed their joined hands to his own groin and John swallowed hard, not sure now why he hadn't supposed Sherlock's body would have the exact same reaction as his.
The voice in his ear continued. "How would you describe my brother, John? Would you say he was the sort of person for whom affection came naturally? Or would you say that he could be in severe danger of emotional difficulties if say, oh I don't know, perhaps someone was toying with his heart? You do remember The Woman, don't you?"
Sherlock grabbed him by the shoulders and John all but fell on top of him, landing with their faces pressed close together.
"I think the more we understand each other the better, don't you?"
Sherlock smiled back. "No one has ever given me an erection before," Sherlock told him matter-of-factly.
It was all new to them both, despite John's experience he had nothing to compare this to, and he was glad of it. He wanted to explore everything but he would be guided by Sherlock, always - if Sherlock wanted the kiss to deepen, John would do it. If he slowed it down, John went slow. Hands wandered and he took note of each sigh, each inhale, every jerk and twitch of muscle - trying to tune himself fully into what Sherlock was feeling.
Sherlock was smiling though. "Mine, of course," he said.
"Would you like to talk about anything?"
"Nothing, sorry, I- I'll leave you to sleep, sorry..."
"No, no Sherlock, not at all. I wasn't angry at you for leaving, not by that point," John told him definitively.
"Yes, how about you? Problem?" Sherlock asked, miming a phone with his thumb and little finger that despite himself John found funny.
"What?" he asked.
"Stop what?"
John swallowed. "Ah, yes, yes, love to, thanks." He grabbed a corner of the dark grey sheet and tugged it back enough for him to sit down, kicked off his slippers and shuffled into the bed. Sherlock lay down beside him and pulled the covers up to his chin, turning to face John.
"Would you come here," John finally said, and he pulled Sherlock into a hug, so grateful for the warmth and strength when Sherlock's arms surrounded him. "Whatever you want," he whispered against Sherlock's cheek. "I'll be here."
"Why do you say that?"
He raised a hand and snapped his fingers without breaking eye contact with John and called for Angelo.
"Get up, I'm gonna put you two in a taxi," Greg continued, completely unabashed by the state of John and Sherlock. "I managed to square things with the desk sergeant. What a couple of lightweights - you couldn't even make it to closing time!"
"My head is spinning, John, is that normal?" Sherlock asked, seemingly unconcerned.
He asked Mary to make a cup of tea for when he woke up, and handled his next three appointments as quickly as he could.
"Sherlock, I regret what I did every second of every day and it doesn't matter how often someone tells me I was under stress, there was no excuse for it. I'm so sorry."
"And for you, Sherlock?" Angelo asked.
They had nothing on that morning and so they had more tea, sat side by side on the sofa and watched a repeat of a David Attenborough documentary. It was nice, relaxing. Or rather, it would have been nice and relaxing if it hadn't been for their morning confessions.
John was mid-sip of his tea and he took a long gulp before putting his cup down and pushing his chair back a little from the breakfast table. "Are you talking to me?" he finally asked.
He only realised his eyes were closed when Sherlock kissed his lips and startled them back open.
Sherlock looked at him oddly, but didn't otherwise respond.
"Uh, no... he's not here?" John asked, deflating yet again as he realised he would have to wait now for Sherlock to get home.
He could do this. He had to, he'd been through so much worse than this, surely? But maybe the pain of rejection, of loss - even though you couldn't lose something that had never really been yours... maybe those things were the worst of all?
"I'm not sure you can," Sherlock told him, and John really hoped things weren't about to become explicit. At least, not until everyone had left.
"Uh... ok, do you need me to help with that?" John asked, smirking. "Because I just wanked you off, and I wasn't really expecting laughter." But Sherlock's giggles were making John start to laugh as well.
Sherlock opened one eye and John chuckled. "Are you ok?" he asked.
He slid off the seat and onto his knees on the floor at Sherlock's feet. They had sat here so many times together, talking, discussing case after case, silent knowing (or sometimes certainly unknowing) glances over a client, drinking, talking, just being together. But now-
"No, not necessary," Sherlock said, before going back to his experiment.
John frowned. "Blundering? That's not like you at all," he said.
Sherlock held his eye and he nodded, somehow an understanding was shared between them, although John really had no idea what that understanding was. He was just as confused as ever, and knowing that Sherlock had bought him those clothes, had chosen to give John undoubtedly his new favourite pair of shoes, for no apparent reason other than that he was suddenly just a nice person? John needed to go.
He drew both hands through his hair, grabbed his dressing gown and tiptoed downstairs to shower yesterday away.
Sherlock moved towards him, within arm's reach when he spoke again. "I am glad that you told me," he whispered. "I don't know that I've responded in the way that you would have liked, but I'll try to be more aware of your feelings in future."
John blinked, thrown for a moment by both Sherlock's soft tone, as much as by his use of John's title. He clinked his glass to his friend's, careful to avoid the candle between them and didn't take his eyes from Sherlock's as he took a sip.
for him. I wanted him to know, I didn't hope for anything in return-" He looked down, pulling a deep breath into his lungs, closed his eyes for a moment while he composed himself.
"Can I - can I touch you?" he asked, faltering because he had never thought about how good this might be. Of course he fucking had, he had dreamed it. But he hadn't let himself feel it, he hadn't dared. And this was too close to perfect. But Sherlock nodded eagerly, laid out underneath him, flushed cheeks, chest rising and falling rapidly.
"A date - you know, where two people go somewhere together and enjoy each other's company."
"Well, good morning again to you two," their landlady said, as she stood with one hand on a hip the other somewhere near her forehead, eyes wide and mischievous. "I was bringing your breakfast up and, well, I only
Sherlock's face didn't change but his eyes roved back and forth between John's.
He didn't hold back, kissing Sherlock, holding him close while Sherlock leaned into him, the combination of Sherlock's warm body on his, the sheet gradually revealing more and more skin and the fact that Sherlock's tongue was in his mouth, it was more than anything John had actually imagined happening between them. It was hitting him hard, making his kisses more frantic, his hands grip Sherlock's hip harder and his moans grow louder. He felt Sherlock's hands in his hair, tentative, tugging lightly and he had to pull back, a difficult move since the chair was right behind him.
He wanted to say more, give more reassurance but his voice was wavering, and what they didn't need was for John to have some sort of breakdown at this point. So he held himself together, held tight to Sherlock, feeling his body calm beside him.He murmured more whispered words when they came to him, hating that Sherlock was panicking about this. They were close to something and John wanted whatever they had here to be perfect, definitely not uncomfortable.
"Sorry, I wasn't sure where to go," John admitted.
"You like that?" Sherlock asked, face close to John's, eyes wide and curious as their breathing came frantically together and John nodded,
John sighed and let his head loll back against the wall. He didn't have a problem sleeping anywhere, but he would definitely have preferred his bed right now. Or even better, Sherlock's. He took another look towards his friend and Sherlock was already asleep, curled on his right side, facing John with his eyes closed and hands tucked up under his chin.
"I know, John, and I was here with you, aware even during sleep, rather than drifting somewhere else."
"I know," Sherlock said, squeezing John's fingers a little, reminding him that they were in fact touching now - was it an invitation to go further? But he was still unsure. Alcohol plus first times, Sherlock's first time - God no, this was huge, serious stuff.
John watched him closely. "Only if you want me to," he said, a little questioning tone in his voice.
"Oh. I hope you didn't get that awful bread again, the toast is like cardboard," Sherlock said, finally looking around, gloved hands dripping over the sink as John held up a loaf with an eyebrow raised. "Ah, well, thankfully I do in fact like the taste of cardboard."
"Hi," John began, and then he stopped talking, got that strange look about him as he often did mid-sentence these days, and stood looking Sherlock up and down as if he was a glass of whisky after a long day at work. "Oh, God, Sherlock," he added, just when Sherlock had started to feel that something might be wrong.
John was already nodding. "Oh God, yes," he said definitively.
They made it into Sherlock's room and John left him on the bed while he went to take a much needed shower.
Sherlock reached behind him and started to rub John down with showergel, John stood a little shell-shocked still, and allowed Sherlock to wash him. He paid special attention to John's stomach, adding a little more gel to his hands and then giving John a serious look. "Is there anywhere you want to wash yourself?" he asked.
John laughed a little hysterically and grabbed Sherlock by the elbow, hustling him out of the front doors and locking them behind him while he went back to clear up his desk.
John hardly dared move in case he broke the invisible bubble of perfection that was the two of them standing under the shower, covered in spunk.
He reached out an arm and John slid into the offered hug gratefully. This bedtime cuddling was what put him most at ease. If they could do this, be this close and relaxed beside each other, then the rest should be easy?
John took another step forwards and carefully placed his bag on the floor.
Sherlock smiled, just a brief raise of one corner of those lips.
"You do?" John nodded - having Sherlock focus on him, even during sleep? Yes, that was good.
"John," Sherlock said, as John attempted to back out of the room. "What's wrong?"
He plonked John's shoes in front of him with his watch and wallet beside them. "Thanks," John murmured. "And, ah... sorry?" he added.
"...wouldn't hurt for him to do something... always me, making an effort... trying to establish-"
"I thought you'd be hungry," Sherlock said.
He leaned down and kissed him, sucking on his lower lip, still trying to hold back and knowing that he couldn't much longer. Sherlock's erection was bobbing between them and John took hold of it, producing an immediate sigh from Sherlock who blinked and tightened his hold. "Mmmm..." he murmured and John enveloped him, running his palm up and over the head, trying to maintain the gentle rhythm he had created; needing to go faster and desperate not to.
John took a deep breath and reached across to him. He met Sherlock's eyes again and they were shining. John loved what was happening to Sherlock. He was so much more aware of himself, even if he had unintentionally dressed to kill John again, he knew by now that John was turned on by the smallest thing Sherlock did. He didn't have to use many of his deducing skills to see it.
John's laughter had picked up to match Sherlock's and their bodies were both shaking with it. "I can't tell you, I'd have to kill you," he said, producing more giggling.
Sherlock started to bring in trays and platefuls of things - scrambled eggs, toast, halved grapefruits, pancakes - "Sherlock, this is amazing, what made you think of all this?"
Of course, Sherlock was waiting for him outside when John emerged. He gave a long sigh but he was pleased to have his company on the way home.
John's heart was thudding. What was he talking about?
"Oh, there you both are," came a voice from below. "You've had clients calling for you, Sherlock. Where have you been?"
John just shook his head, and thanked the stars above for his ridiculous life, as he followed behind.
This is short but I think I like it that way. *whispers* 9 is on its way too
"I think I'm to blame," Sherlock went on. "I think you've been struggling this whole time and I've been selfish - I drew it out by over thinking and you've withdrawn a part of yourself. I've made you even more dependent on alcohol because of what we've started here."
"Exactly. The past is just that. But I would never want a memory to regret, with you," he added a little shakily. "When I consider it, it makes me concerned that we would end up just like all those others in your past."
John patted down his pyjamas, glad at least that he had bothered with a fresh t-shirt last night. Sherlock was still in his dressing gown anyway, so it really didn't matter. But all this domesticity... it was both pleasant and disconcerting.
Sherlock was smiling. "Well, quite frankly, if it leads to more of that, then I'll wear whatever you want me to wear."
"In your case certainly," John said with a wink. "I haven't forgotten it was you that got us arrested last night. Lightweight is right," he added thinking back to Greg's reprimand. "You do have a really low tolerance."
Always articulate, always honest. Yes, of course. Why had John thought this would be difficult? It was Sherlock. And the crushed feeling that he was now experiencing was less devastating because he knew they were all they could be. They already had the relationship that no one else had ever managed with Sherlock.
, this was why he kept it inside. Because if Sherlock was who John feared, was immune to the emotions of others, deliberately kept himself separate from attachment to anyone, then John didn't know if he could live with that - with the burning desires he had, the dreadful need for the reciprocation of his feelings... well, even the acknowledgement of his feelings. John didn't know how to even begin to deal with any of this.
"No, wait," Sherlock said, but nothing more immediately followed. "I'm still no good at this, am I?" he finally asked.
John heard Sherlock mumbling as he came through with his tea. "Mmmm?" he asked. "Establish what? New case, is it?"
So John had to try to avoid what he actually would rather be doing, and he certainly wouldn't be thinking about what Sherlock was doing. He threw himself backwards to lie across the bed, feet dangling. "No," he said aloud.
"So, let's go, get your coat," Sherlock demanded.
"You're going out?"
"Of course," John agreed, and he looked over the food, wondering where to start as Sherlock sat opposite and picked up his drink. Was it bedtime yet?
It took everything John had to tell him no. "I think we've just established that's not happening. Not right now," John amended.
"John, you two have a special relationship. I've always seen it," Mrs Hudson said, and John raised his head to look at her again. "They way he looks at you, he'll never look at a single being in that way," she said decisively.
John's breath caught. "I want that too." He leaned in, kissing Sherlock again, nipping a little at his lower lip. Before he could think about getting carried away he moved so that his head was level with Sherlock's bare chest, rested his head down and tucked his own hand under Sherlock's arm, curling his fingers around the curve of his shoulder.
They said their farewells to Mike at the door, and John and Sherlock stood on the pavement as Mike went off for his train.
That was his fault entirely as well, of course. Since when did he have a problem with alcohol? He'd messed around plenty of times when both parties had been drunk. But this was Sherlock, and there was no way John was letting him do anything he could easily regret.
"No, John, it is not possible to make tea until we replace the kettle." He brandished it at John. It rattled.
John looked around the lounge with wide, almost hopeful eyes. "Nope," he drew out.
He raised his eyes to his friend and Sherlock was frowning.
"This is on me, this is all on me - I was upset with you because of the drugs, I was hurting because of what happened - I should
"Yes, perfect," John admitted. Sherlock looked away and John stared at him for a moment and the thought crossed his mind that maybe the shoes were from him. What he couldn't work out was why.
"Wakey wakey!"
"I've started therapy again, right away, I've had three sessions already, it's daily, until I can get my head together. I've stopped the drink, no more of that."
"I know you are," Sherlock said gently. "I know John." He eased off the chair so he was sitting on the floor beside John, a little uncomfortably if his face was anything to go by. "I want you to forgive yourself."
"What?" he spluttered. "Sherlock, what the-"
Sherlock nodded. "Ok."
Suddenly there was a cough from the region of the table.
He straightened his shoulders, not looking at Sherlock again as he said, "Let's go and get this kettle then. I need a drink."
John looked over the rim of his glass at his friend. "You're right." He cleared his throat and straightened his shoulders. "But, I have..." another small cough, "I have been avoiding you a little. I'm sorry."
"Mycroft, whatever you think you know, Sherlock is a big boy now, he can look after himself. And for your information," he added, lowering his voice to a harsh whisper, "I am not going to break his heart. Don't ever compare me to that woman."
"He didn't ask for you, I think he realises you were mostly to blame for our little... incident."
John checked his watch. 21:50. "Ok, well, give it another twelve hours and we'll head out," he said, turning to leave the room.
When the door opened John jumped in surprise and Mrs Hudson jumped as well, hand clutching the front of her cardigan as she gasped and clung to the black bags in her other hand.
Angelo brought their food over personally, as he always did for Sherlock. He appreciated the man's unwavering loyalty. What he wasn't so sure about was the wink he gave to Sherlock when he thought John wasn't watching and then the look John was continuing to level at him when Angelo retreated to the kitchen.
Once again his friend had unwittingly diverted his mood with his quirkiness, and John would be forever grateful to him for always managing to do that.
"You do?"
"Mrs Hudson?"
Sherlock tilted his head, looking slightly confused but not concerned. "Good, so am I," he said, leaning in for another kiss.
"John, what is it you want from me?"
John shook his head in wonder. "So how can you be sure?" he whispered.
"Really? Why's that?" John asked.
Sherlock chuckled. "I'm sorry John, shall I let you go?"
"It's already too much," John gasped, but he did want more... so much more because he was greedy, he was ungrateful. "Please-"
Sherlock thanked him and John gave a light press to the small of his back, urging him inside. They took their seats in the window and Sherlock tried to remind himself how to act, what to do first, as they sat together, neither mentioning the candle that Angelo lit for them and John simply gazing across at Sherlock as he rested his elbows on the little table.
John scrunched his face up, willing this to be ok, and pushed straight on with, "I want to fuck you."
"Really?" Sherlock said sarcastically. "And you came rushing in here for what other reason?"
He ducked quickly into the bathroom, taking extra care with brushing his teeth, and then, heart hammering, made his way tentatively to Sherlock's open door. He peaked in.
"Yes," he whispered, from kiss-swollen lips.
"John," Sherlock murmured, and he clutched a little tighter, as John moved his lips to Sherlock's cheek, placing kisses wherever he could on the beautiful pale length of Sherlock's neck. He ran his hand through dampened curls, darkened by the water, and Sherlock put his head back under the spray, eyes closed, exposing more skin to John's gaze, to his lips. He hummed as he pressed his lips to the freckle beside Sherlock's Adam's apple, felt Sherlock shiver and held him closer.
Sherlock looked up at him with eyes that were both playful and sincere. "Yes. Have you?"
When he opened the door next time to see Sherlock was talking to poor Mr Willets, John called over to Mary to please swap his next patients. She jumped up and went straight over to rescue the man, Sherlock giving her a glare as she extracted the patient and escorted him to John's door.
"It appears that our bodies know what to do. If I can just turn this off," he tapped his temple, "then we'll be fine."
John had been staring at him, wholly confused, apparently turned on, for most of the evening so far. But now, he seemed to have a certain something in his eyes that made Sherlock instantly regret that they were so far from home. Maps of the streets between here and home flashed through his mind as he determined just how quickly they could get there - fifty-three minutes on foot, over-estimated due to their alcohol consumption, or fourteen minutes by train from Charing Cross.
"I trust you," Sherlock told him, eyes so soft and endlessly open to interpretation, but this time John needed to see that his words had sunk in.
"I thought you were out," John said, desperate to just leave. "For God's sake, I knew this was an awful idea."
John sighed, slipping his arms around Sherlock's waist. "You've no idea how happy I am to hear you say that."
Greg on the other hand... "Ah, Lestrade," Sherlock finally said, as he continued to hold John around his waist and John clung to his shirt. Greg was open-mouthed, literally gaping at them, standing near to the sofa, cup of tea in one hand. "Did you have any success with your case?"
"Sherlock," John's voice came from behind him and Sherlock spun around. He smiled as John walked over casually, reached out and put a hand on his arm in greeting. Sherlock wished he would do more but he supposed that out here on the street maybe wasn't the place.
He felt the sweat beading on his forehead and Sherlock was looking up at him, eyes glazed over as he breathed heavily and clutched to John's biceps.
John couldn't resist. He wasn't trying to start anything they weren't ready for, but kissing Sherlock Holmes had become his favourite thing. He grazed his lips from the corner of Sherlock's mouth to his smooth cheek, before lightly kissing his lips again.
"My shoulder's fine," Sherlock told him.
John just smiled. "I like that."
"Yes," Sherlock replied simply, and John was left hanging.
He shuffled to the bread bin and pulled out a couple of slices, but as he reached for the toaster Sherlock plucked them from his hand.
John pressed him gently back against the tiled wall, careful that their feet stayed on the non-slip surface of the bath, and kissed him again, moving his hips in, pressing their groins together and grasping Sherlock's erection along with his own. He didn't falter, but he did wonder how he was still functioning when he was touching Sherlock's actual cock.
the other week. John wasn't sure why he suddenly cared so much. He left a few minutes later with a brief, "Call if you need anything," to which Sherlock humphed but didn't look up.
He wondered how he would broach the subject of doing anything more than this - not that he needed more than this, Sherlock's lips against his, his hands grasping at John's arms, easing him closer until their chests touched again, and John could feel Sherlock's racing heart, as frantic as John's own. He couldn't keep calm, couldn't keep still and he deepened the kiss again, gently wrestling control back until it was Sherlock who had to pull away.
"John, are you ok?"
Sherlock just waited while John stuttered over his words. It appeared that they were both nervous. Angelo brought their menus out before John could finish, and he ordered wine and a starter before Sherlock had even looked at his menu. He could only stare at John.
. Now John was forced to think of his past - failed - relationships, in which he had ended up having little to nothing in common with any of them, after the initial physical side of the relationship inevitably lessened. "Um," he said again. "Sex."
, Sherlock. It will only ever be you."
John smiled, continuing his massage of Sherlock's body and when they were both finished they tried to get under the spray at the same time and ended up in a close embrace in order to fit.
"No, thank you," Sherlock said finally looking down at the man. "The bill, please."
"I... well-"
"Language John, please," Mrs Hudson admonished, but she seemed otherwise decidedly unalarmed to see them in this rather intimate embrace.
"At this point I think normal has gone out of the window, don't you?" John murmured, steady breathing slowly resuming.
"Uh... no, not really," John admitted. "But my head's ok though."
"Goodnight John," Sherlock said, hand on the door.
Normal, everyday stuff, not this new terrifying acknowledgment that there was
Sherlock smirked. "Of course I did." He raised a hand and stroked the backs of his knuckles down John's cheek.
"Is that something you've thought about?" John asked carefully.
John felt the tightness in his throat as he took in Sherlock's words. He couldn't speak so he kissed him instead, a chaste, gentle meeting of lips. Sherlock held him close, not releasing him after the kiss.
"But you have thought about it."
"I have thought about you in many different scenarios, but as I told you, I really don't know how those daydreams might pan out in real life. Your patience will be very much a necessity, John."
"John," he heard above his reverie. He looked back into Sherlock's eyes and saw warmth there too. He wondered if that expression was purely a reflection of John's own feelings - there was no way they could both feel this way about the other.
"John, do you still feel anything towards me?"
John pulled off his jumper and smoothed down the lightblue shirt underneath. He picked up his menu and began to wave it around his face. "It's warm tonight, isn't it?"
John let his face fall as he said, "What are your concerns?" he asked.
He rubbed himself along the underside of Sherlock's solid shaft, groin tightening every time their heads brushed together. Sherlock exhaled slowly, watching. He grabbed John's arse as his hips moved gently in time with John's careful thrusts against him.
John hustled Sherlock up the front steps, Sherlock got the door open and a quick glance around told John they were alone. He kicked the door closed and shoved Sherlock against the wall, sliding his hands around his hips as he moved in on him. Sherlock didn't even seem taken aback, he still had a grin on his lips until John kissed him and it felt so good, to be making the first move finally, to not feel the need to ask permission, he knew - Sherlock wanted this too.
"Yes," John whispered, staring at those lips now, rounded, pink and luscious.
"You're my best friend, Sherlock, you're all that I need."
John opened his door with increasing trepidation as the afternoon wore on. When he found Sherlock curled up across three chairs, the patients all regarding him with a mixture of concern and clear disapproval, John couldn't bring himself to wake his friend - at least he was keeping out of trouble.
"Well, yeah, I am. Thank you."
Sherlock was quiet for a moment. "I was just thinking aloud," he said after a while before muttering, "No, it's all me. As usual."
"John, I don't think I can stop."
He relaxed into the second half, knowing the real reason for being here and so glad of it. He stole a look towards Sherlock whenever he could, so close beside him, apparently as taken in by the production as John was. John wanted to hold him, touch his hand, put an arm around him as he could see other couples doing. He kept both hands firmly in his lap, mirroring Sherlock's position beside him.
John looked back to his irate friend. "It's nearly ten-pm, it's Sunday, Sherlock. We can't buy a kettle tonight."
. He was impatient to see how much he could learn about John tonight and about what they might do once they were back home, naked and in his bed.
Sherlock noticed John's slightly dubious look when Angelo said this, and he pulled out a couple of notes and shoved them discreetly into Angelo's hand as they shook. The man had a business to run and Sherlock wasn't one to run up debts. "Everything was wonderful, Angelo, John's just feeling a little, um... unusual."
"Well, thanks for that, Sherlock," he said as they walked, still a little unsteadily, through the front entrance of the police station. "It was... it was something."
John felt the colour drain from his face. "She what?"
"I feel as if we do share something that I wasn't aware of before. Something I've not had before, which is why it's taken me so long to understand it."
he didn't add.
"Nothing. Ok." John sighed inwardly and sat down in his own chair.
Sherlock's hands went into John's hair and he kissed him, tongue sliding against the roof of John's mouth, sucking on his lip as John felt his orgasm building.
Sherlock smiled, nodded, and took the lead, pulling John along to his bedroom and kicking open the door. They fell in a heap on the bed, John rising onto his elbows and straddling Sherlock, looking down into his face and dragging his hands down his chest.
There was a definite lack of urgency the next morning to get up and start the day. John awoke still in Sherlock's arms and although his first instinct was to ask if it was still ok to be there, he didn't. Sherlock was an adult. He had considered this for so long that he must know what he was doing. So John relaxed, breathed in the sleepy scent of Sherlock's skin, and waited for him to wake up.
me to do anything," John started.
Sherlock cried out as John squeezed the heads of their cocks together, and as soon as he saw the first spurt of cum from Sherlock's swollen head, there was nothing to hold back his own climax. He came with a roar, desperate to see Sherlock's face through it all, blinking through the spray of the water, gasping for each breath as he pulled on their cocks, swearing when he could manage it, shaking and crumbling as it subsided.
He had no qualms about any of it now, not if it was ok with Sherlock. He risked a quick look at the man beside him, lounging on the seat, long legs crossed as he blatantly stared back at John, a look in his eye - he knew what he was doing. John closed his eyes. Only a few more minutes. The back of a cab was no place to out Sherlock Holmes.
"I was bored?" Sherlock said.
Sherlock had his back to John, closing his wardrobe door. He was wearing pyjama trousers, and nothing else. John couldn't breathe as he took in the sleekly muscled expanse of his friend's back - what happened to being cold? And then Sherlock turned around.
"You're touching me now."
"Yes, my treat, order whatever you'd like."
John frowned and shook his head, adding a definitive, "Nu-uh, and can you please not bring up memories I'd rather not be having just now?"
John felt as if they were a step further towards something important, but he still wasn't sure what exactly. It was going to have to come from Sherlock now, there was nothing more John could add.
"No, not at all," John admitted.
John huffed out a chuckle. That was better. Humour was better. Although he did not feel much like laughing. He tried to stop himself, knew it was pointless to talk about it, to admit anything to his friend - because that's
John swallowed. "I wanted-" he had to clear his throat. "Wanted to say thanks," he finished pitifully.
His head was in his hands before he realised it and he heard Sherlock's voice.
Sherlock's hand was on his, clasping long fingers around his own and John was shaking, uncontrollably. He couldn't stop the chill running through his heart despite the marvellous sensation of Sherlock's skin on his.
Sherlock shook his head and pulled his robe a little tighter around his shoulders. When he spoke, John had to lean in to hear him better. "That I won't be what you want, not in the end."
Sherlock leaned his back against the closed door and John felt suddenly vulnerable in the middle of the room, as if he was about to become prey. He didn't mind that for a second.
Sherlock's eyebrows raised and John wondered if actually he should have kept that part to himself...
John watched his hands as he unfastened the purple shirt, revealing skin beneath that he had to kiss. He pressed in against Sherlock's body, humming against his throat as he felt Sherlock shiver under his palms. He had been hungry, ready for dinner, to take Sherlock out and spend some time together. But seeing him there, looking fucking stupendous in those jeans of all things, in the purple shirt that had never failed to make John squirm whenever Sherlock had worn it - John wasn't hungry anymore.
John was frowning at him after this speech, and Sherlock felt sure something was amiss. But then John shook his head and seemed to shake himself out of a daze, before he responded. "No, Sherlock, of course not, everything's fine, this is great, a great idea. Only-"
"What is it, John?" she asked.
They met at Speedy's for breakfast and Harry seemed relaxed, sober, keen to show John that she was ok, she was trying. John gave her cash, all he could manage.
"Ok," John drew out, pretty sure that if this was anyone but Sherlock then the current mood would be easy to read as 'pissed off'.
"D'you think we're drinking too much?" John slurred, as they stumbled along Blandford Street, too far from home in this cold, even though, actually, if he'd been sober they could have made the walk back within a few minutes. This was going to take forever, but Sherlock was always wanting to walk these days. John thought that probably he'd realised John wasn't as fit as he had been and wanted to get him exercising. The alcohol probably wasn't helping any weight loss.
John shook his head. "No, no, I promised myself I would do this... us. This stuff, I would do it sober. I need you to know I'm serious. Completely serious about you. About us."
Finally, they spilled out onto Shaftesbury Avenue and headed for the tube. Everything was bright despite the late hour; London was never really dark. The lights of the tube did make John squint though as they waited on the platform. He was tired, but exhilarated. Couldn't stop the smile he had had for the last couple of hours. Sherlock let him into the carriage and they took an empty row of seats, Sherlock's thigh pressed against John's even though there was plenty of space. John warmed even more.
In the morning she was woken up by being thrown her uniform again. He could see her shivering and coughing as she tried to conceal some warmth in her body. She looked up at Jim and dipped her head in both thanks and submission before slipping it on. He had a glass of water in his hand as well as her hair elastic. Have you learned your lesson dog? You may speak.
"John, we need to go out. NOW!"
The lockdown is giving me so much extra time to write which is pretty cool. I'm hopefully starting a new work form home job soon though, which is cool but I'll have a lot less time to write stuff.
"Yes. My daughter, and I would thank you to give her back to me." The enemies made eye contact as Rosie had enough sense to back away from the man about to attach her.
Rosie woke up from what had probably been the best sleep of her life. She slowly opened her eyes to watch the edges of the curtains grow light. She had a clock in her room but couldn't read any of the numbers or know what they meant. She had become good at knowing when she was supposed to wake up due to the level of light outside. It was summertime, meaning that it would be completely light outside in the early hours of the morning. With the sun just starting to rise, she decided she had time to have a shower. She turned the water on and quickly shampooed her hair and rinsed her skin. She realised there was some conditioner there, recognising the scent and texture from the bathroom of her second owner. She put some of that into her hair again and rinsed it out until her hair was silky smooth. She wrapped a towel around her and stepped out into the bedroom to choose what she would like to wear. She had no idea what was supposed to match with what and was extremely overwhelmed with the amount of choice so just chose the most plain option she could. A pair of light blue jeans and a white shirt. It was a few sizes too big for her, but in a way that she could get away with quite easily. She looked out of the window to see that it was very nearly completely light, so probably about half past six. She slipped her feet into some socks and tiptoed down the stairs.
Jim was frightfully annoyed. Sherlock was taking awfully long in reintegrating him back into society. He wanted so hard to take out his frustration on his pet, but Sherlock had  taken that too. He punched his pillow, trying so hard to imagine it as the animal's face. His house had become a mess, he wanted another slave but the market had been taken down curtesy of one Sherlock Holmes. The man thought it funny to be taking away absolutely everything from his, and his little sidekick John. He went down two flights of stairs to where his pet used to live. There was still a trace of it's smell in the air which he breathed in joyfully. He shut his eyes and tried to remember their last night together, it lying on the ground shivering almost naked and cold. Oh how he wished he had stripped it fully so he could see it's beautiful body. Come to think of it, why had he hidden it for so long, he wanted it to be paraded in front of him for his entertainment.
John looked at him again, him being completely shocked at how he could just sit there have been electrocuting the child. The man was pure evil. Sherlock thought the same, but he was much better at hiding his opinions and more human side. The pair of them left the house without saying much else.
But Sherlock, shes with Jim Morriarty. I dont trust him with her, shes what, twelve? We have to help her.
"Oh okay." John couldn't help the beam on his face explode, he needed that little reminder that Sherlock was still human.
"Please Rosie, were not like the other people in you life. Call me John, and same goes for Sherlock."
The girl ran to get the broom to pick up the tiny shards of glass. Jim grabbed her hair. Where do you think youre going. You may answer my question.
"John you will not believe the idiot Lestrade, he still hasn't been able to find a placement for Rosie and she will be staying with us for another week after this one is over. She needs specialist treatment not some random men in a flat!" Sherlock shook his head. "And, get this. He has given her case over to Anderson. Flipping Anderson of all people. He doesn't know shit about her." Sherlock stopped. "You're crying, that means something is wrong." He sat beside John and took his hand.
John made a mental note to drop the Sir in the morning. He wouldn't do it now though it was far too late in the day to have that conversation.
"What? God no. I am still very concerned about you Rosie. Sarah sent off all the stats and samples she got to our friend Molly, who analysed them. She's picking up some medication for you now. Then she will be over here to talk to Sherlock and I. Only if you feel comfortable with this will this part go ahead. Molly is a doctor too, so she could do the rest of your examination. This is only if you want to. I only am so keen to do it as if there is something very wrong then we will be able to sort it out."
Mrs Hudson reappeared interrupting the moment. Hello. Oh wasnt that such a lovely day. I really enjoyed it. Best Christmas Ive had in such a long time.
"For fucks sake, calm down you bitch?" The voice of her owner threw across the room. He grabbed by the hair and almost threw her into a crumpled heap. She felt a spark of defiance trying to reach the girl she so loved and stood right back up running to the door. "Rosie, Rosie, Rosie!" She kept crying out. But nobody responded. She had seen the doctor go in earlier and knew exactly what had happened. When Rosie had started coughing up blood she knew there was no way they would be together for much longer. She spent so long screaming and crying at her to wake up that every time she breathed pain would shoot through her throat. "You bitch, shut up or it's a week in the box for you."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Sh, it's okay." Whispered Sherlock. "He's gone now."
Jim looked over to the girl that was scrubbing the fireplace in the corner of the room. Bitch. She quickly came over to him. Bring us another pot of tea and an extra cup. He looked her up and down. Without warning he backhanded her in the face. He pulled her hair and made her stand back up. Well what are you waiting for? She quickly scampered off. John looked at the door where she had just left and back at Jim.
I frowned, Youre an asshole, and I hope you realize that.
Ch. 4 The Comforting Truth and an Honest Lie
I rolled my eyes and sighed, Yes, please.
Suddenly a fist came over Mycrofts shoulder and nailed me in the face pushing me back into a chair directly behind me as Mycroft stuttered incoherently Theodore touch his shoulder gently and knocking him out setting his limp body on the couch before whipping around to us.
John and I both looked up, and I asked: What were you looking for?
I glared him and said, Youre not fucking going anywhere if that what you're planning. I still have questions that need answers.
I must have looked confused why he knew I was foreign and he smiled and said Dear boy if I am correct in assuming you are related to Dr. Stanford Filbrick Pines then its obvious youre not from around here and judging by you expression at the mention of that name he is indeed family also one of my favorite physicists to read about and one of the most articulate and well-spoken men I have had the pleasure of researchinguntil he started his ridiculous theories that the supernatural was indeed real and all this nonsense about interdimensional travel like he had done it or found ways to go about it. Sad to see a bright man fall from glory. Oh well, I guess all I have to hold onto now is his real research.
Bill seemed different a far cry from the boastful, proud, and obnoxious demon I had met in my youth, and I was hard-pressed to believe he was faking all this, especially if he had been living with Mabel for a while and never harmed her. It was also getting harder to believe he was responsible for Mabels disappearance, but if he wasnt, who was?
Im sorry for attacking you with the sword the other day. However, just because I know you arent that gold lunatic doesnt mean I trust you any more than I do him. I said to the albino man who smiled his round face looking welcoming despite his true nature.
I leaned into the demon's chest, my body slowly relaxing the longer the demon kept peaceful, finding this all confusing and slightly overwhelming, but my reckless curiosity was telling me he had to know more so I asked: Do you know what happened to Mabel?
My jaw tightened at him shaming Grunkle Fords research he finally got the nerve to publish upon our insistence but again kept my mouth shut so I wouldnt embarrass Sherlock by calling his older brother every unflattering intellectually demeaning name in the book as he turned and said: Come along Theodore I have other stops to make before we head home.
Ch. 5 Fire and Ice
John looked exhausted, trying to keep up and sat in a chair running his hand over his face as I asked: So you have seen all these fantastical beast up close and personal?
As if he could feel my eyes on his back, combined with the fact that I hadnt moved nor made any effort to grab my luggage, he turned his head slightly and asked in a very monotone English accent Can I help you?
We came upon the art museum to see it appeared surrounded by cop cars Sherlock narrowing his eyes and scanned the crowd like he was looking for someone when he finally walked forward towards a rugged man with salt and pepper hair surveying the scene with an irritated look on his face.
Sherlock developed a small smile from where I could see him behind the laptop and said, Good answer. You have no idea how many lazy foreigners, in general, would have made John conform to their speech its kids like you that restore some of my faith in humanity and a little in your generation.
Sherlock was barely listening as he walked around Bill statue with his eyes narrowed and said: Dipper was there ever a big patch of gold on the back of his statue?
Okay, Bill was honestly full of shit right there and I spun on his lap and pinned him swearing I heard a low moan at the force but ignored it looking him directly in the eye and said: Bill I am going to say this once and once only you want to apologize to me lying to me again is not a good start.
So it appears William is in town and not of the same alignment he was for the past millennia. While I am curious to speak with him, I highly doubt I am someone he has the nerve to speak to at the moment. Theodore said while sipping out a lidded Styrofoam cup.
Bill held onto me tighter and said, I dont know weird thing is when I tried to track her via her mental wavelength. I couldnt find it like something was blocking me out kind of how I cant track Ford because of his metal plate protecting his mind. However, one thing struck me as odd a couple of days before she disappeared a salesman came up to her door trying to sell her shit now this wouldnt be as odd if it werent for the glaring no soliciting sign on the front door downstairs and the fact that this salesman was as flat as a ten-year-old girl because arent salesman supposed to be energetic a full piss and vinegar trying to shove there product down your throat?
However, there was one thing that did stand out about the austere Englishman that was all too familiar.
Without missing a beat, Sherlock said: It a nickname kinda like how dad always called you Scooter, but his nickname is less embarrassing and ridiculous-sounding.
Sherlock leaned back in the chair, holding the towel in interlaced fingers and said: Youre quite the opposite from your sister.
Theo responded with a high pitch giggle and said: Thats the glory of my position among humanity. I have every right to be.
Sherlocks eyes lit up in excitement as his face stayed impressively passive as he said Fair enough Im positive Dipper and his uncle would rather not have this public, and if we do discover the unknown I would like to keep my discoveries to myself, so Im not hounded by nonbeliever and idiots who want to call my character into question seeing as I have no obligation to disclose my finding to anyone especially ignorant people demanding I show proof that reality is nothing but an illusion.
I chuckled, I take youre a fan of the Tortoise and the Hare?
I raised my eyebrow, Says the king of ominous creeping.
I shifted in my chair and finally asked: Why did you save me?
The knowledge that the supernatural was real and had been standing right in front of me was all so FASCINATING I just had to know more and went to ask more when John cut me off and said: Sherlock let him leave you two can talk tomorrow Im sure he wants to go rest after today.
I thought about it and said, Yeah, even I noticed the no soliciting sign walking in, so its not like its easy to miss, and you have a point a flat salesman does seem kinda odd. What was he trying to sell her?
Dipper was still rigid gripping the katana and looked like he wasnt going to sit unless someone forced him to so I sighed annoyed I was always the one trying to unwind this kid due to his habit of winding himself up so tightly and not knowing how to let things go always letting his emotions speak for him. The very thought of that personality leaving a sour taste in my mouth. I got up and uncurled his hand from the sword, letting I drop at his feet and nudged him in a chair before returning to my own.
Sherlock had pulled himself into a chair and managed to stop the bleeding as he said, I see. I shall note that too to avoid getting hit again in the future.
Her description made my eyes widen, but I kept quiet about my theories knowing most of them were too ridiculous to be plausible anyway and said: What happened after you alerted the police?
I couldnt help but shrink when Sherlock looked at me only to respond, No. Of course, your not the first one who has posed that question to us though might I ask, seeing as youre the only one I have ever considered to elaborate on their assumption that John and I appear romantically involved what makes us appear like we are in a relationship?
John looked at his watch and said, Speaking of Lestrade we might want to hurry he wanted us to come down to the lab so you could look over a case he is beating his head against the wall trying to solve plus I want to look more into why a certain someone had been awful quiet since our last encounter with him.
I glared down at the image equal parts pissed and worried that this had only popped up a couple of hours ago, meaning it was looking more likely someone had kidnaped Mabel, and now we had a minor lead on the bastard. I sat there sipping my coffee as the two detectives looked at me John had a rather paternal look on his face while Sherlocks emotion was as always limited to his eyes when John reached out a gently touched my shoulder just how Grunkle Ford would when he could see I was thinking too hard.
Mycroft said, still looking at me, said: Theodore believe this investigation might pose a security risk a case he is working on and your friend as well, so Im asking you to cease this job and for Mr. Pines to come with me.
I'm really enjoying writing this story so I hope you are enjoying 3am ideas that I've never actually put on paper before. This is my first story that I've put on here haha!
Rosie woke up in the early hours of the morning. She watched the edges of her curtain grow light as she pondered getting out of bed. She wanted to go and cook breakfast again but her whole body ached and she was still so tired. She could hear movement from downstairs so knew she should probably get up soon but her whole body just ached and she was so tired. She let her body melt back into the mattress allowing herself just a few more minutes to rest. She heard footsteps moments later.
"Oh Rosie, you haven't done anything wrong. Sherlock and I would really love for you to stay, but this family will be able to take better care of you. You are always welcome to come and visit. I'll leave you to pack now, you are welcome to take anything that we have bought for you. You are welcome to use this to put everything in." He handed her the bag and then left without another thought.
It was about ten to eight in the evening. John was concerned that Rosie hadn't eaten anything that day but her eyes were bloodshot and she looked like she was going to fall asleep there and then on the sofa. "Rosie, I never asked. How old are you?"
There aren't any TWs that I can think of for this chapter and there's a bit of fluff aha. Still be careful.
"Sherlock be quiet you're going to wake up Rosie she's just gone to sleep." John said in a feeble attempt to calm him down. "I'm going to make her an emergency appointment at the clinic tomorrow, I'll ask Sarah if she can give her a check up" Him and Sarah had stayed good friends despite breaking up three years prior. They had that sort of friendship unique to colleagues. Complaining about their boss, covering last minute shifts. The work friendship stuff. Sherlock, however, didn't take too much notice of his plan.
Sooo this is the last chapter - thanks to anyone who has been reading.
"No before that."
How about I take it home with me. I could do with someone to help with my experiments. Johns attention snapped back. Sherlock was talking about the girl. John had to fight not to kick himself right there and then. Sherlock had his ways; he wasnt surprised this was happening. God he loved that man.
"Well for the concussion she needs total bed rest, same for her ribs. I would say at least a week. Her upper back should heal on its own, remove the dressing after three days. The bandages on her back will need changing in a week. Her thighs should heal on their own but please try to keep an eye on them. Her knees are in splints to keep them in place, this is looking to be for about six weeks but she needs to be able to learn to walk in them before you take them off. I've prescribed antibiotics for the infection and the UTI, iron tablets and B12 that needs to be injected. John I'm guessing you can do that. If its okay with you both I would like to come back in a week to see how she is?"
Meanwhile, Rosie was staring out of the car window. She felt sick, and for good reason. The car turned round the corner and stopped outside the house of one Jim Moriarty.
John leaned into the touch. She couldn't read, who knows if she had any basic maths, she didn't know that she wasn't a slave. This was going to be hard, the amount of lessons she had not learned.
"The market sir? They called me whore and slut." She said, embarrassed. She didn't know what that word meant, but people would often call her it after they were alone and they would touch her in places she didn't want. Once she realised that she knew it was bad, and if she was called a bad thing she must have done something bad.
So this updating daily thing is not something I'll keep up, heads up on that one. But I'm, like most of the world, in lockdown and have nothing better to do.
John had gone back downstairs to the living room and opened his laptop to start writing his blog. He tried to type everything up, he needed to process what had happened but the words just weren't forming. Frustrated he slammed his laptop down and picked up a newspaper. Sherlock slammed the door to his bedroom in frustration. John looked at him, it was unlike him to get this angry when he was bored. With Jim Morriarty coming back into society and Rosie they were probably in the least boring situation they had been in for a very long time. However, Sherlock was still stomping around like there was nothing to do whatsoever.
"John, quick." Sarah said.
Ill leave you to get changed. Said John.
"Well done Rosie, now eat some food and then you need to take your tablets. There's antibiotics, painkillers, iron and some vitamins."
When John came down he was the one to break the silence between them. "I never asked you. What is your name?" When he was only met back with a look that expected something else he remembered what had happened back at Jim's house. "I know how it was with Jim, however it's not like that here. You are allowed to ask and answer any questions you want to. You are allowed to speak at any time."
"Anderson's finally found a place for Rosie." Sherlock said.
Ok so this chapter has a lot of description of health stuff and some injuries that's kinda graphic so please be careful. Also, quick disclaimer so the health part of this chapter is going to be wildly inaccurate because I am not a DR. I am studying music. So other TWs are panic attacks, flashbacks, sexual abuse (underage) and implied rape, severe child abuse, use and character death.
"Molly, was everything okay? Did she let you check her?" asked Sherlock quite quickly.
TW: brief implications of sexual abuse.
John swallowed back the impending sob in the back of his throat. He made sure Rosie drank enough and took her tablets and then left her doodling on her new notepad. It struck him quite how talented she was but he decided not to mention it for the moment. Once he had shut the door he immediately started sobbing silently. He went the stairs and collapsed onto the sofa, breaking down.
About a month had passed since Rosie had moved in with Sherlock and John, and she had finally settled into a routine. She would wake up, shower, dress, and then cook breakfast for the three of them. Then she would spend the morning being tutored to catch her up to the usual educational standard for her age. She was naturally very intelligent so was picking things up really quickly, and she did enjoy watching Sherlock do experiments whilst she took diligent notes on what was happening. That didn't mean there was still so much for her to learn. Something she had taken to immediately was the violin. She would take Sherlock's upstairs with her during her free time in the afternoons and play and play. Sherlock had taught her the very basics and then she had flown. She was at a level that would usually take people years to achieve, it had become her love. Life wasn't all sunshine and rainbows for her, there were still nights where she woke up screaming and still days where she would slip into old habits. However she was on the road to recovery, and that's all that mattered.
She was stunned. This was a completely new rule. "Thank you Sir, people call me dog, fleabag, bitch, cow, vermin and a few others Sir."
Cattle prods Master.
When Molly came in she went to see Rosie first. This time, Rosie was in a more comfortable space and was much more able to prepare herself for what would be asked of her. This made the whole process go quite quickly. Molly then let Rosie fall back asleep and went downstairs to talk to John and Sherlock.
Rosie couldn't breathe. She tried to but her throat just wouldn't open. Her head was pounding and the room was spinning and blurring quite rapidly. Her knees were shaking so violently she could stand and fell to the floor. Then, everything was too much, and she blacked out.
Anyway, I hope everyone's doing OK in this crazy time. Keep going my lovelies,
My Mother and Father were drug addicts. They found themselves with no money so sold me to the underground trade. I have had two previous owners; Master has owned me for four years.
Rosie's eyes fluttered open. She realised she was on the floor in Jim's bedroom. He was stood above her. She then realised quite how much pain she was in.
The door to the house slammed shut, which made her flinch a little. This didn't go un noticed by Sherlock who made a mental note to avoid loud noises. Basically, to not shoot the wall for a while. She was carrying three full shopping bags, containing mostly what looked like clothes. "I got your text and went down to the street with loads of charity shops. I am sorry I couldn't get much new or in fashion but we both know that buying an entire wardrobe full of clothes was going to be too much money, more than either of us could afford. You can get real deals though it's brilliant. You know, about two weeks ago I picked up a telly for only-" Before she could carry on she saw the girl Sherlock was talking about. She was just as skinny and malnourished as she could imagine. There was something else that made her heart pour out. The scared, vulnerable expression on her face maybe? "You must be who Sherlock was talking about. Call me Mrs Hudson everybody else does. I live in the flat downstairs I'm Sherlocks landlady. I've just been out to pick up some things for you. Clothes and toiletries mostly but I found a few things for you to put in your room."
Mycroft looked surprised and said, Dear God, do the Americans hate their children that much?
Sherlock jumped up like he was on a spring and said, Excellent, then I shall go get John, and we will accompany you.
He nodded, Always frustrating to deal with.
Theo shrugged, Lure him out. He is not that hard to weasel out of hiding if you can present him with something he likes. Try dark chocolate as a starter leave some of that and cup of cinnamon tea somewhere in the flat as a peace offering and keep doing nice things like that eventually he will either get suspicious of your kindness and confront you, or he will attempt to seduce you if he likes you in that fashion and seeing as youre male its a 50/50 chance on you outcome.
->> ->> ->>
I frowned and leaned back in my chair, sighing, I suppose. Meet me at the little coffee shop about a block from here for breakfast.
Sherlock turned the computer to show a database file showing the same man we saw with Mycroft today and said It says his full name is Theodore Spherius Cipher and that hes twenty-five and a police prodigy from Ireland who was transferred here on a request funny thing is I just messaged Lestrade who said he has never heard of this man and told me they hadnt received a single new transfer to the Scotland Yard or as you know the police for about three years. I also hacked into the police database in the town in Ireland Theodore transferred from, and as I thought no record of a Theodore Spherius Cipher to be found leading me to believe our little friend is possibly Bill or another inhuman trickster like him.
I leaned forward, How about fairies?
There was something inhuman about the man. He merely touched Mycroft to knock him out. There was no way he could lie that he used a pressure point when one as observant as myself saw him reach for no such area that would hold one of that effect of knocking my rather stout and sturdy brother out that quickly. Dipper was already back on his feet looking ruffled and bleeding heavily from his mouth and nose though neither of these factor seem to be any concern to him as his eyes darted around the room in a furious frenzy only to rest on the katana I had won in a raffle I entered out of boredom and snatched the sword up brandishing it at Theodore with a fire in his eyes that was seconds from consuming any reason left in him.
Lestrade looked up, not in the least bit surprised to see Sherlock walking up to him and sighed Some asshole got into the museum and smashed that creepy new exhibit the curator found the mess this morning and called us.
Bill looked shocked at my outburst before giving me a cold look his unpatched eye narrowed in annoyance I think we have reached the end of any reasonable conversation that is going to happen tonight since youre in a mindset that so long as I am not your yes man Im just the same useless chaotic creature you can waste so you can feel all good and just about being a little ball of heroic light preserving your slowly dying species cause your too ignorant to realize there are completely understandable things around you that would be clear if you opened up your eyes and stopped looking at all the glaring warning flags through rose-tinted glasses like your family has an obnoxious habit of doing in situations where it's rather unhelpful.
I found myself face first on the hood of the car Theo pressed against me suddenly undoing my pants as a struggled with the haze I was in when suddenly Theo screamed and was abruptly cut off pulling me out of my stupor when I looked behind me to see Bill putting Theo in headlock growling in a distorted tone the word mine while he strangled his twin before twisting his head with a sharp crack and threw his limp body in a portal before turning his attention to me Theos muted pink being overtaken by a grayscale when he stopped inches from me and reached down and redid the button and zipper on my pants his soft gold eye looking at me with worry in it when he stroked the side of my face making my eyes sag when I passed out.
I snarled at him and grabbed the front of his shirt and shook him a little My sister is missing you gold prick I dont have time for you to deal with your fucking existential crisis youre having right now when your presence may have put my sister in danger find yourself later you need to help me fix this or I swear to a god I dont believe in that what my grunkles did to you seven years ago will look merciful compared to what I will do to you in the next five seconds if you dont start nodding and agreeing to fix the mess youre probably responsible for.
She stood up and straightened her dress smiling softly at me a slightly worried expression on her grandmotherly face and said: Well I will let you get settled in and dont be alarmed if you hear odd noises next door that would just be Sherlock and one of his hobbies your sister became used to it quite quickly regaling me with stories of her genius scientist great uncle who often made odd noises at strange times.
I nodded, trusting Sherlocks opinion as to the only reasonable one I had to trust and followed him and John out of the museum to a taxi taking us back to Baker St. We settled in the Sherlocks and Johns flat and I couldnt help but notice John looking out of sorts.
I gave him a weird look, Youre gay?
To a point, I could understand his need for warmth and contact with a living creature, but at the same time, I couldnt help but ask, But why have you been this way for a millennia?
I sighed, figuring he would back me in a corner with no way out but blunt honesty. I hated gambling almost as much as I hated reliving this story, and now I was forced to do both. I knew for a fact that neither of them would believe a single word of my story, but honestly, the worst they could do was call me crazy and tell me they werent going to help.
Bill visibly flinched and choked on his tea, slopping some on his turtleneck and looked away with a massive amount of guilt in his eye that just seemed so alien for him.
I looked back as Sherlock, who was still talking to Lestrade before asking Theo, So what do I do about Bill? I mean, I know hes in my sister's flat hiding somewhere, but I dont think he wants to talk to me right now.
of Sherlocks desires drove him mad. He had never seen the man exhibit anything resembling genuine attraction for anyone, male or female. Except, perhaps, Irene Adler... It was possible the photo was of Irene, and Johns stomach flipped uncomfortably at the thought.
I couldnt help but chuckle, knowing Mabel was pretty chill with eccentric people having grown up around Grunkle Fords odd hobbies and world views. Ms. Hudson walked out gently, closing the door behind her as I waved my smile in place until the door clicked, making it fall into a troubled frown as I got up and paced around the flat, shaking my head at one ridiculous idea after another but always coming back to the same theory. The description she gave me couldnt be him, but at the same time, the aesthetics of the creature fit him. The yellow and black color scheme, the presence of gold in his appearance, and of course, no other being could be muttering the nickname Shootingstar while skulking around my sister's flat. But why he has been gone for seven years, not a single sign of him to was found outside the stone statue in the Gravity Falls forest. Then my eyes widened Soos had gotten Ford's permission to sell the stone horror to a British art collector in London who worked for a museum Mabel visited. She even sent me a Snapchat photo telling me no matter how much they spruce that nightmare rock up, she will never view it as anything close to art. My theory fell on maybe disturbing his statue caused him to come back, but why take such a human form was he up to something different this time? He had to be the reason Mabel disappeared. There was no other option, but to assume he did it and sent the postcard to capture me too. I was gazing out the window looking down at the street when a hand touched my shoulder, startling me, causing me to whip around and hit the person square in the nose, knocking them to the ground. When I managed to calm the start of an anxiety attack, I looked down to see Sherlock clutching his nose, which was pouring blood. His eyes narrowed no doubt in pain, so I ran into the kitchen and found a towel and hurried back out, handing him the cloth, which he put to his nose.
He gave me a soft, sad smile and said: My, you have grown quite a bit Dipper.
Dipper stood back up and said, I think I am gonna go unpack and make dinner I need some time to wind down and I am gonna call Grunkle Ford and give him a half-ass report letting him know I have police trusted help though I am gonna leave all the supernatural events out for now as not to worry him with no way of getting here.
Bill gave an annoyed sigh Mabel kept a routine with me that she never deviated from in the slightest. She was always home in the morning to make breakfast for me when I woke up at about ten in the morning then she would play at least one or two games of chess with me while having a cup of tea with me before we headed out for our daily walk to look at the sights of London before coming back home around two and eating lunch while watching television for a couple of hours before she made us evening tea and dinner. After dinner, she liked listening to me read to her for a bit before we headed to bed around midnight. I usually slept in the guest room but after I started waking her up around two in the morning screaming from nightmares of all the shit I have done especially flashbacks of my mistakes in Gravity Falls and being unable to tell her cause it would blow my cover she made me sleep in her room which is why I am glad you never went in there cause you would have gotten super suspicious with all the guy stuff in there she bought me.
She hesitated with uncertainty in her eyes and looked down before saying, Perhaps we should go to your sisters flat before I continue.
She looked me over though; unlike Sherlock, it was more with curiosity then cold analysis and asked: If youre looking for a flat to rent, Im sorry to tell you I just rented the last one out to a bubbly American woman attending college here.
John asked politely, How old are you?
Sherlock looked like he was thinking then sighed I dont think this statue is going to give us any more answers we should focus on following you sisters activities leading up to her disappearance perhaps that will shed a little light on what our gold demon friend is up to if he is a factor in this equation.
I chuckled, Honestly I am usually the one who has to educate Grunkle Ford on societal etiquette since like I said he hasnt been among humans in quite a while so giving romanticism pep talk to a guy in his early thirties is a breeze compared to explaining to an almost seventy-year-old man that eating any species feline meat is considered inhumane in America and most other countries only to get a question like Who made that up in X dimension we made everything with feline meat though ours werent domestic or that tiny and had we had to cook it a certain way or they were toxic. So yeah, its not a question of wisdom since I have never had a boyfriend. Its more a matter of what I have learned with a bit of my opinion.
A man came rushing down the stairs pulling on his coat. He was about my height with neat light brown blonde hair sporting an annoyed expression in the direction of Sherlock, who responded: You were taking too long, and I was getting bored waiting for you.
Sherlock straightened up and sighed, A girls life is at stake John besides there is no such thing a real or false monster. If you commit heinous acts, you are a monster regardless of your species. I know you have dealt with plenty of demons as a soldier. The only difference these demons are not of this world. I will have to say you utterly disappointing for a soldier if you walk away now out of something as trivial as fear.
Dipper smiled, Yep.
He turned to keep walking so I followed him as we entered a cluttered flat where John was sitting typing on a laptop which Sherlock closed causing John to groan in annoyance as he directed me towards a chair between two armchairs making John lift an eyebrow and look at me with a questionable looking on his face before giving Sherlock the same if not slightly irritated questionable look.
Sherlock slid me a picture that looked grainy, but my jaw tightened at the image. It was Mabel walking next to a tall man in a blue trench coat and a top hat walking with a cane. I tried to keep my face passive as I started to feel what I thought was a dream last night was turning out to be painfully real.
Sherlock nodded as well as John who still looked unsure about this whole thing but going with it possibly out of concern for his partner, seeing as John seemed like the one with good reasoning skills out of the two of them as opposed to Sherlocks reckless thirst for knowledge. We called a taxi and arrived at the museum Sherlock snapping at the receptionist that it was ridiculous she was asking us to pay to continue an investigation and seemed to belittle her though not openly until she let us through with clearance to look at Bills statue believing we were indeed a police investigation. We looked around until we found it in a modern art section, and I slowly approached the stone cast nightmare glaring at it knowing it didnt deserve to be displayed with real art and felt the overwhelming urge to push it off its neat little pedestal and hopes it shattered. Suddenly a clammy hand grabbed mine and uncurled my finger from my palm reveal angry red nail marks in my hand, one of which was bleeding a little as I looked up and saw Sherlock staring at me.
I walked up to Mycroft and grabbed his coat. Mr. Holmes, you have to snap out of it youre being messed with by what we can only assume is a demon whose abilities can manipulate the mind making you do
John spastically nodded and said, Anything to prevent that creature from getting in here while I am asleep. I am not dying at thirty-five.
Sherlock gave a curt nod a whipped around, saying, Then our next stop is to the museum.
I asked quietly, Where did you get that scarf?
Sherlock looked like he was thinking, Perhaps he thinks he can pick off problem numbers one and two by utilizing problem number four. Perhaps he thinks by using your sister as bait you and your great uncles attention will get drawn to this oddity in his methods, and he can make you both walk into a trap together after your thrown off guard. Like they say two birds with one stone. My one question is why are you a problem to him if Im correct in assuming your only what eighteen or nineteen years old you would have been barely a teen seven years ago I can see your great uncle being a problem as an adult but what serious problem would a child pose to someone twisted enough to kidnap a college girl.
Sherlock developed a small smirk. Police here are as harmless as they are useless. Thats why they employ me. I make up for what they lack. The only decent officer is a man name Lestrade but most of the time, asking him will get you directed to me. So either way, people come crawling to me for help.
I wanted to laugh but kept impressively silent as Sherlocks jab didnt seem to faze Mycroft one bit as he said: Well, at least some of us had friends Billy.
My eyes widened So thats why the unicorn hair didnt keep you out
Sherlocks response sounded more like fear than denial. He was concerned there dynamic, which he found helpful and comforting would change if they became a couple either that or he had commitment issues and didnt want to feel obligated to act a certain way with John, especially since they seemed to have established a healthy relationship with each other already.
Sherlock stopped and looked over his shoulder with a bland expression. Honestly, Dipper, your sister is missing kidnapped even as we both believe, and you want to take time to get comfortable with this situation? Fine, but each minute you waste is a minute of your sisters life at stake. If we are to believe someone took her, we should also believe they have no problem harming her to make whoever they are trying to use her as leverage against move faster. We are on a schedule. You dont have the luxury of getting comfortable if it makes you any more trusting of me. I do this kind of investigative science regularly, and an officer of the law can vouch for me. Yes, you will hear awful things about my character from other officers but pay them no mind. They are merely insecure in their ability to do their jobs properly, so I have to do it for them. I will not lie that danger tends to follow me, but to me, that is the excitement of a case, so if youre afraid, then stand aside and let the adults do the work, but remember your involvement is a key factor in this case. As for John, he is a good man who handles people's feeling when they start to get in the way of my job. Do you want moral support? John. Are you looking for someone to vent to and receive meaningful emotional support? John. All I care about in a case is progress, results, and a conclusion. Call me an asshole or cold and unfeeling, but I will never be invested in ones emotions while I am handling their case. My satisfaction comes from a closed case regardless of whose feelings are intact after that closure. Now, do you understand Dipper Pines?
Sherlock didnt look up as he switched between typing and clicking but said: One of the few tolerable childrens books I owned as a child.
Theodore chuckled, Bingo little one. Theodore Spherius Cipher the crown Emerald King of the Flat Dimension, but please call me Theo.
I bristled Thats my sister Bill I would appreciate if you didnt talk so flippantly about her breasts I still dont entirely trust you I merely giving you the benefit of the doubt even though with all the fucking mental problems I have because of you I shouldnt even be giving you that.
Mycroft responded, Oh, he is not my secretary. He is my bodyguard. Theodore, this is my baby brother Sherlock. Sherlock this is Theodore Cipher, a young cop who was stationed in Ireland for a while and got bored. He was being given pitiful unfulfilling tasks far below his pay grade. He is in the process of relocating to London as a change of scenery and job quality. By the way, I cant help but notice the young man hovering behind you, I dont recall seeing him before or ever heard of you taking clients on the case.
I didnt know how to respond and found myself asking, Define you like me because last time you took an interest in me, you almost tossed me off a water tower?
-John is technically a couple years older than Sherlock
He had to be way older than me. He was probably no younger than his early thirties, nothing like asking a guy to rob the cradle by hitting on a guy who may or may not be at least a decade older than you. I mean honestly, hes probably already dating John with how they act around each other, perhaps that was the reason why they live so comfortably together.
I shrugged and finished my coffee. Hey, gives me something to do today instead of sitting in my sisters flat banging my head against the wall in worry.
Mycroft looked surprised by my outburst as I backed away and said: That thing behind you has no good intentions for you.
Theo just gave a small smile, Noted. Also note this Bill will only molest someone if he thinks they want it. Dont encourage him, and he remains docile. Happy now, I gave you an evasion tactic not that I expect it to work since most men rarely can resist the sultry, seductive nature of my brother.
I frowned and asked, What was he repeating.
I lifted an eyebrow, Could you possibly share some with me?
Theo shrugged All you have to do is ask what I am doing Im not exactly doing anything I feel I should hide from you so if you must know I am currently running case I eavesdropped on over a Galactic Federation communication channel detailing an incident that led to a bunch of deaths that suspiciously sounded like someone of my species caused them, but after thoroughly listening to the report I ruled out Williams involvement. Last known energy signature I felt for the suspect led me to this human dimension and dropped me in London where I discovered my brothers statue to be though it exuded no magic like it did when visited it in Gravity Falls seven years ago, so I assumed he was no longer sealed.
Sherlock finally spoke up, Ill take your case, Dipper Pines.
He chuckled, Had to convince a female one, Grunkle Ford was not her ideal mate.
The fiery determination in his eyes as he spoke was astonishing when I said: You have changed.
My scowl didnt change or lighten even though a stranger just defended Grunkle Ford and said: Regardless if my uncles research is strange or not doesnt give you brother and excuse to be a crap human being to himor you.
Sherlock adjusted his scarf, Youre rather wise for a twenty-year-old young man, especially someone as emotional as you.
Bill looked like he was trying to argue, and then went back to opening his chocolate Okay, fair point.
Sherlock made a weird noise between a grunt and a slight groan before saying, Never liked Dr. Seuss even as a child, it was too colorful and dull wasnt a fan of the tongue twisters as a child.
He nodded and left coming back ten minutes later, his face cleaned up and bruised with a small suitcase and set to work. I watched him apply a ring of shiny thread around the flat as well as something that looked like a moonstone and taped odd symbol to the wall written on paper and drawn in his blood.
This guy was creepy with how he could dissect you down to the finest detail with no prior knowledge, but I swallowed my nerves and said calmly, holding out my hand Yeah um my name is Dipper Pines nice to meet you Mr
I figured I would bounce between names as the situation demanded it when Lestrade asked: So were your parents like hippies or something?
He nodded as I gave him my phone number in case he got lost and watched him leave closing the door behind him as John breathed out slowly. What the hell did we just get ourselves into?
Dipper surveyed his work and said casually, Unicorn hair. We had to get more of it last summer, all my sister had to do was go threaten them, and they forked more over their kinda terrified of her ever since the summer of Weirdmageddon.
I had to repress a shiver at Sherlocks choice in words and said: Well I wanted to check an art museum where Bills statue would be on display that would be the first thing we would investigate in the event of him reappearing seeing as its his glorified dead body.
He seated himself across from Sherlock and smiled, saying, From the looks of it, you appear to have a case Sherlock deems worthy of solving.
I shivered at the thought of Bill trying to seduce me and asked: Is there any way to avoid the latter option?
I looked down at Bills crotch and asked: So are you male, or is that what you just told Mabel to make it easier on her.
Sherlock was quickly typing on the laptop and said, And people wonder why I live in a two-bedroom flat and solve crimes for fun. In my opinion, slow and steady wins the race, and trust me life is the ultimate race.
I crossed my arms and looked away I have no interest in Bill I would rather peel my skin off with a disposable razor than let him touch me.
John gave me a frightened, slightly offended look and snapped If anything stirred, it was probably me pissing myself due to everything that just happened now what the ever-loving fuck was that thing?
I nodded. Yeah, Ill talk to the landlady about it, and if she doesnt know much, Ill check in with you guys since youre my only option besides the police, and Ive never been one for police in another country. A long story concerning a misunderstanding on me and my familys vacation to Ireland. My Grunkle Stan forgot to mention the police dont exactly appreciate the last name Pines in Dublin.
Lestrade scratched the stubble on his cheek. Yeah, thats what got us stumped. Oh and speaking of security Sherlock next time you accuse an officer of being a phony youre spending a month in a cell for false accusation that new guy Theodore he does have records they got lost among my paperwork and he about had an anxiety attack when he got questioned due to an anonymous email sent to the head of the Scotland Yard I wonder who that could have been? Also, I looked into his old file. Its all there. He is legitimately from a police force in Ireland, so please do YOUR research before you put one of my men in a bad spot!
I sighed in worry, You think you could track the salesman maybe help me shake him down, see if he knows anything?
I pressed, Vampires?
I growled and slapped him making him whimper Look let me be honest with you I think you know more about my sister disappearance, the salesman story while true is only half true and I think youre either cause or a factor in why someone took her seeing as my family and you are connected, and it's awful fucking convenient your statue is in London at the same time as my sister, and you come back from the dead or void or whatever just in time to be taken in like an abandoned kitten then my sis up and vanishes causing you to send me a postcard cause you know I am the only one who will consider your story seeing as Grunkle Stan or Ford would kill you on sight.
Theo raised an eyebrow. Oh, my little tsundere, now I see why youre going to fail at resisting him. Youre his favorite type. The virgin in denial.
My heart was racing as I quickly and quietly moved back to my room and slipped under the bed, trying to still my racing heart as I could hear footsteps walking around the flat. My heart felt close to exploding when I listened to Bills footsteps walking up the hall the smell of cinnamon getting stronger and more suffocating when my door opened quietly, and from my place, under the bed, I saw a blue glow like he was using his magic to find me in the dark. All I could see of him were the black slacks he was wearing with the fancy biker boots that looked too chunky for how light his steps were.
Suddenly a voice behind us said, No, that attitude gets reserved for my health provider or the moron that said I needed psychiatric help concerning my recent stress levels.
Bill didnt respond and only made a soft hiccupping noise.
I looked down and said, Well ya see Im looking for her shes my sister and was supposed to come home a day or two ago, but I got this weird postcard telling me to come to this exact address like she was in trouble and I was wondering if you knew anything about her whereabouts.
Sherlock flagged down the shop keeper and whipped out the photo asking bluntly without introducing himself first. We are looking for any leads you might have on these two individuals who appear to be exiting your shop a couple of hours ago via street surveillance we believe the girl in the photo is a kidnapping victim.
Sherlock mused at the picture We found images of your sister and this man on several street cameras as well as several shop surveillance cameras, but he never seems to show up on any of our complexes cameras I asked Ms. Hudson if I could review them this morning and strangely the footage from the night of your sister apartment break-in never showed a disturbance either. What makes me curious is this man bears a striking resemblance to the intruder we believe to be Bill only problem is this man is one hundred percent human-looking and is wearing a blue, not yellow trench coat and a plain black top hat whereas our visitor had a yellow rose on his according to Ms. Hudson. Did your sister say anything about having a lover or a friend here or perhaps someone she had grown close to in college.
Sherlock snorted and merely said, Only if your right out ye old England, in my opinion.
I looked at the demon before moving closer and placing my hand on his knee, making him look down at it as I said, But youre working to fix your mistakes that right there should be a simple enough reason why you're allowed to breathe. You could have just run, but you're risking yourself for people who would honestly see you killed again. Maybe you should be given the benefit of the doubt starting with Mabel and me.
The demon looked up with pink blood dripping down his face as Dipper held one of the most satisfied and slightly off-kilter smiles I had ever seen sneering at the beast Had enough, Bill?
I turned around to see a well-dressed man approaching us, followed by a tall albino guy in a bowler hat and dark green overcoat. Sherlocks face twitched in annoyance as he stood in a rigid stance his hand clasped together in a tight grip.
I leaned forward and clasped my hands around her thin, wrinkled ones and said Ms. Hudson you have no idea what Ive seen in my life I have childhood stories that if told to anyone one would assume Im nuts or unwell in the head Im sure anything you tell me is nothing to the horrors I have faced in my life and know I will take you seriously if youre sure you saw something.
I frowned and elbowed Bill in the ribs here a soft noise of pain, and he gasped Joking Pinetree it was a motherfucking joke she is only a small D she forced me to measure her boobs before she went bra shopping.
John looked up like he was casting his eyes in the direction of her flat before looking at me again. Yeah, I havent seen her in a couple of days. I would assume college work made her a shut-in, but the university here in London held their grad ceremony almost a month ago. I would talk to the landlady Ms. Hudson and see what she may know if you have any more questions or if this gets any more out of hand perhaps Sherlock or I can help you locate her in our spare time London is a big place for one lone teen to go on a one-person search.
Youre certain she got kidnapped? I asked.
The man giving Sherlock the annoyed expression snapped I told you I needed a quick shower you could have waited an extra ten minutes.
Bill shrugged as he took another sip of his tea. I like you, and you didnt ask to be molested by Theo. Do you need any better reasons other than I didnt want to watch my brother molest on the hood of a police car?
I couldnt help smiling to myself knowing exactly which old guy they talked money with since Ford wouldnt be super picky on the price. Lestrade let us under the tape before finally noticing me following Sherlock.
Suddenly there was a knock on the door before it opened and Mycroft and Theodore walked in Mycroft looking directly at me making Sherlock give a bored unfazed look even though his brother just walked in uninvited and asked: Can we help you?
I lifted an eyebrow in confused manner as he elaborated You know your name Dipper only reason I can think they would name a kid that is having something to do with astrology we had an officer a couple of years back whose parents were major hippies and named him Orion cause it was mystical or some weird thing like that we just called him Ryan because he kept getting called space cadet to the point he about almost threw his resignation papers at me if I didnt do anything.
It was possible, and even John had no explanation for these glaring inconsistencies in Theodores character or Mycrofts introduction of him, who had to know as a prominent government official that the man he hired to protect him was lying horribly to him.
John examined the leftover iridescent threads and asked: So what is this shimmery stuff.
John rolled his eyes You two are literally from the same generation Sherlock hes only about twelve to thirteen years younger than you stop trying to sound ancient at thirty-one years old.
He left closing the door as I sat there for another five minutes to make sure this wasnt a trick and crawled out from under the bed lying on it for a second weighing my options. Bill sounded legit sorry and full of genuine self-loathing, which would be near impossible for a prideful sociopath like Bill to mimic to that extent. I was still terrified to go out there, but if I stayed put too long, he may come looking for me again and next time not so understandingly. I stood up and took a breath, steeling my nerves, hoping I wasnt making the stupidest mistake of my life, and I wasnt about to die at twenty years old to the same asshole that tried to off me at twelve. I opened the door slowly, hearing soft singing in a weird foreign language feeling like the music was carrying me towards him. The song sounded sad like and emotional lament, and even though I didnt understand the words, it still seemed to tug at my heartstrings, Bills new deep voice adding to the emotion of the alien tune. Before I knew it, I was standing about a foot away from his chair, and now that I was closer, the moonlight shining through the window put his features in a better perspective. His skin was charcoal black and smooth, looking though there were very light lines of stress around his eye as well as bags under it like he hadnt slept in days, not that I was sure Bill needed sleep. He had a thin face and a slanted jaw with a delicate pointed nose and shaggy neon blue hair that looked like it could benefit from a trim. He also had a patched eye and a large wheat gold eye framed in thin long eyelashes that seemed to freeze me in place when it looked at me.
The shop keeper looked at the photo frowning before saying, Thought there was something dodgy about him. Yeah, both of them came into the shop again about three hours ago. The man was looking for a specific book dated back to the witch trials said he was enthusiast when it came to books on magic rituals and the likes. I told him we usually give them books to museums, not that any of us believe they contain real magic. We dont like selling them to random people with the number of gullible nutcases who believe in summoning demons and spooky voodoo. As you can imagine he wasnt particularly pleased and attempted to press me for whatever I might have in my possession while holding out a stack of cash that had to be no less than at least 20,000 pounds and of course you can imagine how tempted I was to take that price like a fat kid offered a chocolate-filled scone, but something felt off especially concerning the girl he had with him, she lookeduncomfortable to put it lightly. She looked tired too and was just unnaturally quiet and detached from her surroundings wouldnt surprise me if this bloke kidnapped her. Im just glad I didnt sell to him since I got two books in the back that fall pretty well into the category of his search.
My blood flowed like ice through my veins. It couldnt be. It just couldnt. Was Bill seriously alive? I looked in the mirror facing the living room to see a shadowy man sitting in the armchair looking over a stack of files the only defining things about him was his glowing wheat gold eye narrowed in annoyance, the contrast of his pearly white sharp teeth against the shadows that seemed to make up his form, the glowing teacup he drank out of while reading and what I could only assume was a lit cigarette with a bright blue ember he would take a drag on before situating it in a floating ashtray.
He grasped my hand firmly and said: Call me Sherlock you have no idea how much I hate when people get formal with me and might I inquire about your unusual name I mean its obvious youre American, but even Americans cant be that cruel to their children to give them a name like yours.
I pressed harder against the wall waiting about five minutes when he sighed again, Alright, Im game for hide and seek.
I lifted an eyebrow, Like unicorns?
I snorted, Well, that explains a lot about his character. He works for the government. Therefore, he thinks he is better than everyone. Sounds like most people with government jobs in America in a nutshell.
Sherlock impressively stayed passive through the whole lecture when I felt like I was being watched closely and followed my paranoia to see Theodore looking at me from where he was leaning on a patrol car. I took a deep breath and walked over to him, calmly, keeping eye contact with him until I was within talking range.
He shuddered, Dont ever want to relive that nature walk.
-Sherlock hates any part of his name being used but Sherlock Holmes
I looked down at the unconscious man and said: Dont know but Bill caused your eyes to turn gold not sapphire, and Theo was sporting an emerald aesthetic, so I dont think it was him since we know he is currently with Mycroft so as much as I dont want to admit it we are dealing with completely new demon.
I pulled my eyes away from the picture and said, Mostly only girls in her fashion class I mean there was this one exchange student she would meet for coffee on Saturdays, but I assure you thats not him in the photo I had seen of him he was Middle Eastern. This man appears to be I dont know American-ish looking though some of his features look slightly Asian. Judging by how he appears dressed, he might be a resident here. I mean, I have seen some English people dress like that well in photos to be perfectly honest.
Bill sighed, PinetDipper I am not going to hurt you I never wanted to hurt you or Ford or anyone in Gravity Falls things happened that way because of something totally out of my control you have no idea how much I hate myself having to sit and think how much I fucked up seven years ago. Hopefully, Im not talking to an empty room, but if you wanna talk, take your time and come out in the living room when youre ready.
Sherlock spoke up and said, John Americans call them sweaters and jumpers are often to them one-piece outfits kinda like their criminals would wear. I called his sister's knitted goods sweaters because of this very reason. I am familiar with enough Americanized English to understand any different terminology he uses, like how Americans refer to trousers as pants, and our primary and secondary school often gets called elementary and high school in their country. Americans have butchered the English language enough to manage to have put a slight speech barrier between them and us.
I swallowed hard and pulled the postcard out of my jacket pocket and started explaining My twin sister Mabel Pines was a college student here in London studying performing arts as well as a side study of fashion she would have graduated last month and then informed us she would be taking a small vacation here to see the sights now that school was no longer in the way, but a couple of days ago I received his postcard and had to make arrangements to come here. I was hoping it was all a misunderstanding, and she was fine with how vague the postcard was, but honestly, I should know better whenever a Pines gets wrapped up in a strange situation like this. Its safe to assume things are anything but fine.
