She looks exhausted and distraught, Steve observes, feeling sympathy for the woman who’s quite literally running the whole company and doing so with efficiency and style in deadly six-inched heels.
“We get that, Steve. Really, we do. But sometimes even the best-laid plans go wrong. I’m not saying that there’s anything wrong with your to-do list,” the archer adds in a placating tone when Steve opens his mouth to protest. “It’s fine. But I’m just saying that it would be better if we play this by ear. Sta—
She’s jogging backwards when she aims her Bites at one bot and takes one down. They’re quickly catching up to her, and with nowhere to hide, Natasha has no other choice except to use each and every arsenal at her disposal. She starts shooting at the approaching bots once she ran out of explosives. It didn’t do much damage, to be honest, but she notices that if she shoots them in the head they tend to topple over the bot beside them.
closes and Tony discerns the smoldering carcass of the Leviathan plummeting to the ground, when he addresses Mjölnir.
While all this is happening, Thor is opening his third box of pizza, unaware of the silent conversations taking place around the Norse god.
Tony shuffles out of the elevator and into the common area. He blearily makes his way towards the kitchen, eyes half-open and swallowing past the dryness in his throat as he wets his chapped lips. There’s an insistent pounding in his head, and the engineer groans and swears under his breath when his temples throb. This is the worst hangover he’s had in a while, which is saying
Steve and the others hum in agreement. There’s a furrow between Natasha’s brows and Clint is twirling an arrow with a contemplative look. Thor opens a new packet of pop tart.
“Mornin’,” Clint greets cheerfully, eyeing the other man in mild amusement as he gropes the content of the cupboard for a mug.
“What does, Tony?” He hears Bruce quietly ask on his right, and it’s then Tony registers the physicist’s hand on his shoulder.
When several seconds pass and Steve continues to remain quiet, eyes still wide and mouth slightly agape, Tony bites his lower lip and starts to fidget in his seat.
Electricity crackles around him, the concrete splintering a distant sound as Tony’s vision whites out for a few moments before it clears. Between one breath and the next, Tony hears the ear-splitting sound of the last Leviathan as tendrils of lightning curl around its massive form like tentacles — piercing through the armor and burning its insides as well as the remaining Chitauri onboard.
It’s nearing the end of summer, and even if the air-condition is on full-blast in the Tower 24/7, Steve still thinks that it’s a little odd of Tony to be wearing thick layers of clothing. Then again, maybe that’s just Steve talking, since he’s juiced up with the serum and his body temperature runs a little differently than the average person’s.
“Hulk and I have yet to defeat the last Leviathan,” Thor pronounces. His statement is supported by Hulk roaring and soaring towards the last ship standing.
Steve reaches out and threads his fingers with Tony’s right hand, and Tony looks at him through his lashes with a sheepish smile, gently squeezing the super soldier’s hand in thanks.
Tony inhales and exhales several times until he’s breathing a little easier. Although the heaviness is still present in his chest, it’s a bit subdued now. And yet, the emptiness he’s felt upon waking up nearly a week ago is a constant reminder of Tony’s current predicament. Sure, he’s felt this way hundreds of times before — but for some unfathomable reason that the engineer can’t think of yet, this time is a lot worse.
The look on Tony’s face is one Thor believes he won’t forget, and the ensuing “sparring” that takes place soon after is one the Asgardian counts as a victory. It takes several occurrences before he notices Tony’s body language start to loosen the more Thor coaxes him to train with Mjölnir, citing that it is imperative he learns to handle her in a fight, even if he possesses his Iron Man suit. After the ninth consecutive time he interrupts Tony’s workout, his friend looked almost completely at ease, if only because he’s also grown fond of Mjölnir. Thor would even go so far as to assume that his dear hammer may have played a significant part in easing his friend’s anxiety.
Before Steve can call out a greeting to the unwanted visitors, the creature in the middle, who’s probably the leader of the group, takes a step forward and cocks its head at Steve and the others.
“From one scientist to another, aren’t you curious to gather more information on Mjölnir?” Bruce asks, trying to sound blasé but failing to dismally.
“Okay, that’s decided, then,” Steve also nods. He exhales loudly before he runs a hand through his short blond locks. “Meeting adjourned. Let’s all get some rest now.”
Which is the mothership since the damn portal is still open. From the corner of his eye, Tony sees a lone Chitauri limping from behind a broken post several feet from where he’s standing. His eyes almost instantly lands on a piece of sharp, jagged metal that’s probably from one of the shattered vehicles. Tony picks it up, only to toss the metal into the air before swinging Mjölnir. His aim hits the poor bastard in the jugular, body slumping to the ground a second later.
for your incredible feedback. I honestly feel quite overwhelmed. Seeing as I'm making this up as I go along (like, around 65% this time, I'm doing a bit more research now haha), I'm very excited to go on this journey with you!
would’ve done if I woke up in your time. No offense, but just the thought of the lack of plumbing is enough to give me the hives. I’m also pretty damn sure I would throw a tantrum in the first half hour at the lack of Internet. Anyway, my point is that it’s okay if that’s how you perceive it
Thor and Tony eventually join in, the Asgardian more likely reading the lyrics on the TV screen rather than singing it.
The engineer hums again, this time with a smile at the endearment. He’s out like a light before his brain can fully process the implication of what just occurred.
“Hey, guys,” Steve greets with a pointed look at Tony who looks back innocently. “Dinner’s ready in ten, so why don’t you both clean up first before coming up?”
Ah, good ol’ fashioned revenge. Too bad Tony’s a stubborn motherfucker because if he’s going down, then he’s going down with
When Tony’s voice falters, Steve moves without a second thought and closes the remaining distance between them. He pulls Tony into a hug, arms wrapping around his trembling frame in a tight embrace, and he feels Tony melt in his arms as he buries his face into the crook where Steve’s shoulder and neck meet.
his subconscious supplies. Suddenly, he sees a flash of a familiar place — and face — pop up in his mind’s eye, and Tony jolts in shock as his eyes fly wide open. Heart pounding rapidly in his chest, the engineer shakes his head a few times to get rid of the haunting image in his mind, and he quickly rinses his hair before he turns the shower off and slides the door open. Steam is coming out from the shower stall as Tony gets out, finding a clean towel to wipe his hair and body dry and then wrapping it around his waist.
“Tony, the doctor’s orders were to take it easy for the next few days. You shouldn’t be working in this state.”
“It’s alright, Steve,” the redhead says. “Now, luckily, I got Rhodey on the line so we can quickly get JARVIS back online.”
), almost everyone gathered around the slightly overwhelmed super soldier to greet him a happy birthday.
This chapter is shorter than usual, and I promise the next one will be longer and will feature more Team Bonding and Tony/Steve interactions. I just want to get this out because
“We’re comin’ in hot,” Clint announces then. “Cap and Bruce are about to jump off the ramp as we speak.”
This time, Tony doesn’t fight back the yawn, so the super soldier has to wait several seconds before he can get a response.
“Yeah. I’d love that,” Tony pronounces, sounding a tad breathless. The tenderness in his whiskey-colored eyes makes Steve a little weak in the knees. “I look forward to it.”
“Fuck you, guys,” Clint declares. The transition between that deadpan declaration and then belting out the lyrics to one of Journey’s greatest hits has a snowball effect on everyone as they start another round of laughter.
2. I considered writing an epilogue, but I figured it wasn't ideal. However, if you weren't satisfied with the conclusion and would want to see more Stony content, I wouldn't mind writing a short one.
“Tony,” he begins. He shuffles closer to the engineer and, haltingly, rests a comforting hand on Tony’s shoulder. It takes a second before he feels the latter relax further under his touch. “You and I both know I’m not that type of doctor. I’m not gonna be uttering platitudes that won’t even mean anything.” Tony snorts, and Bruce is pleased when the engineer shoots him a tiny smirk. “But you’re my friend, so let me just say my piece and we’ll never speak of this again if that’s your wish.” At Tony’s reluctant nod, Bruce continues. “Sometimes, you fail to see the simple things as they are because you’re too busy looking at the bigger picture. Not that it’s a bad thing; it goes to show that you’re only human — flawed, yes, but still human. Every so often your head is so far up your ass that you forget you’re no longer the person you were before Afghanistan. Even after all these years, you still carry the weight of other people’s mistakes on your shoulders, and you’re still atoning for the sins you’ve committed, even if half — or most — of it wasn’t your fault to begin with. Yes, you’re a mess and a walking disaster, and also a pain in the ass, but who isn’t?
“Tony?” Steve repeats once Tony has drained his glass and hands it with a timid smile at Natasha. Alarm bells start to ring in Steve’s head when he sees the smile, and he ignores Natasha’s baffled expression to focus solely on Tony. The engineer turns his head to meet his eyes, and it’s through sheer force of will that Steve doesn’t recoil at the
He feels satisfaction roll off of him in waves when he catches sight of Steve’s face turning a lovely shade of pink. But the blond man is grinning broadly at Tony that twin dimples appear on his cheeks, and the engineer can’t help but swoon a little at the captivated look Steve’s giving him.
Too speechless to say anything else, all Steve can utter with sincerity is, “Thank you. Both of you.”
to himself. He’s not in denial at all. Well, not anymore, anyway — shut up) that he is completely, madly, desperately in love with the blond man. Has been for the past couple years since they saved New York as The Avengers the very first time.
It’s Natasha who answers, much to Steve’s surprise. “He’s not a walk in the park, but we’re all working together to make it work, Pepper. I know it’s hard to believe right now, and honestly I’m partly to blame for this because of my initial review of him all those years ago for The Avengers Initiative, but I do care about Tony. We all do.”
“Son of a bitch,” he mutters to himself. He’s standing in the middle of his bedroom, dressed only in his boxers and white vest, when he finally has that
Steve’s chest twinges when he discerns the erratic beating of Tony’s heart that signifies his nervousness.
Steve’s eyes are wide as saucers, and Tony wills his heart to stop pounding so hard. He takes another deep breath, and with one last shaky smile aimed at the handsome man still staring at him — this time with an unreadable expression Tony can’t discern — he focuses on his fingers starting to move deftly over the white and black keys.
Tony looks pensive for a few seconds longer. “Well, to put it simply, it’s like I’ve lost interest in activities I normally enjoy doing,” he eventually answers, turning to meet their curious, if not concerned, gazes. “It doesn’t mean that I don’t want to do them. Just that… I don’t think I possess the inclination to do what I normally enjoy doing. I want to, but at the same time I can’t be bothered. I’m not sure why, but I’m guessing that it has to do with whatever I was hit with.”
Tony nods as he covers his yawn behind his hand before replying, “I did. But then I, uh, well— you know. I woke up and I couldn’t fall asleep again.”
Steve feels his chest swell with affection for his friends, and he blames his sentimentality in that moment that he doesn’t notice when Tony managed to wrap his arm around Steve’s, his right hand burning an invisible mark on Steve’s forearm as his head nestles comfortably on the super soldier’s broad shoulder.
There’s a slight pause before the AI answers. “Sir’s current vitals show that he is in distress, and I have drawn to the conclusion that it has to do with the nightmare he had. I highly suggest that you do not bombard him with questions for it may only aggravate his state further.”
However, his internal rambling is interrupted by Steve’s next words, and they're a beautiful contrast to the promise and intent in his expression, lips hovering millimeters over Tony’s.
“Tony, get the hell out of there,” Steve orders, panic evident in his voice. “Let’s regroup at the corner of 33rd street. Thor and Hulk — take down those Leviathan ships before it causes more structural damage. Clint, make contact with SHIELD and alert them that we’ll need all hands on deck.”
The old woman chuckles as she carefully perches herself on the warm stone bench beside Tony. Her back is straight, and she positions her cane between them. They sit together in peaceful silence, Tony observing the skyline and the calm waters before him.
He sees Tony furrow his brows in thought, and Steve thinks the engineer looks almost child-like wearing that expression. Inwardly shaking his head at that random observation, he focuses back on Tony as he opens his mouth to speak.
It’s pretty fucked up, it’s what it is, and that’s why Natasha is doing her best to do right by Tony, in any way she can.
If possible, Steve’s frown deepens. “Tony, of course this is something to worry about. I should probably wake Bruce up —”
He takes off his black blazer and throws it haphazardly towards one of the couches, rolling up the sleeves of his white button-down shirt up to his elbows as he takes a seat in front of the gleaming Steinway & Sons piano. Though he hasn’t played in several years, doing so the other day proved to Tony that he still got it. He knows he’s still a bit rough and would need to practice more, but for this one performance he’s rehearsed over and over again, Tony’s quite confident that he’ll do well. Ish.
Tony thrusts Mjölnir up, calling forth the lightning and directing it at the Chitauri nearest to him. A piercing cry echoes around the genius as the lightning hits its intended targets. Next, he pivots on the spot and redirects the current of electricity at the creatures behind him, racing forward to meet a stray Chitauri head on and countering its — his? Her? Do they even use pronouns? — attack by swinging Mjölnir and hitting the creature in the center of its chest. The Chitauri flies back several feet, taking three others with it before Tony leaps and brings Mjölnir down on the ground. A strong surge of electricity spreads across the ruined concrete and towards the oncoming horde, tendrils of lightning coiling around them and burning them from the inside out.
What the hell? That’s so fucking early. Tony’s only had a few hours of sleep before he was rudely woken up by his stomach churning, and he barely made it to his en suite to puke out everything he drank and ate the night before.
from Lord of the Rings. A very odd combination, but it’s the closest that Steve can compare it to with his limited knowledge of pop culture.
Tony feels Steve’s arms tighten around his shaking frame as the super soldier solemnly says, “Together.”
He sees Tony freeze, eyes wide in shock when Thor’s war-hammer hurtles towards him, and Thor notes with part amusement and part admiration at the swift response of the Midgardian. One second Tony is frozen on the spot and holding on to the bottled water — and the next, he twists his torso, thrusts his un-gloved hand out, and deftly catches Mjölnir with cat-like grace.
As their kissing deepened and became more frantic, Tony doesn't think twice and starts to walk backwards to lead Steve towards the direction of his bedroom, the super soldier not hesitating to unbutton the rest of Tony’s shirt.
Steve feels despondent that it’s taken him this long to realize all of that, more so for Tony to get hurt to make the super soldier see that he’s been seeing the engineer through different lenses. Somehow, life’s pretty wise like that. In order to truly understand a person, one of them would have to go through something really terrible — or really well, depending on the circumstance — to have the other’s eyes opened to the truth that has been in front of them all along.
Bruce doesn’t respond, counting under his breath as he keeps one eye on his watch as he takes Tony’s pulse. A minute passes, and when Steve sees Bruce start to frown, he feels his stomach swoop uncomfortably.
“Ah, Steve, that was epic,” Tony says with a chuckle, bright brown eyes twinkling against the fluorescent lights of the diner.
“Jesus Christ, Barton, shut the fuck up,” Natasha snarls over the comms. “I don’t know whether to be jealous that you get to see Tony in action — great, I’m starting to sound like you — or you get to sit pretty up high. Either you continue calling out patterns or just. Shut. Up.”
As he allows the beautiful melody to wash over him, the engineer finds himself meeting Steve’s wide eyes as he continues to sing. Every thought, every feeling, every word he’s kept bottled inside for the past few years in regards to the man standing in front of him comes spilling out from Tony’s lips like a confession.
Pepper continues. “Tony turned into himself, became self-destructive. He didn’t eat, he didn’t sleep. He drank himself into a stupor and stayed at his workshop most of the time. Whenever I checked up on him, he was either drunk or hungover. The few times I managed to gain access to his mansion and coax him out of his workshop, he looked like he did when I saw him earlier. Lost and miserable. Detached, in the sort of way that one is overwhelmed with their emotions that it reached the point that everything’s just numb. But despite all that, he was still getting work done, because at the end of the day, we still have a business to run.”
“I know. I’m making my rounds of thanking everyone. It just so happened I started with you. Still, thank you. This party looks great, and I can already see you have a few entertaining activities in store for us.”
Steve tries not to voice his concern, but based on experience he knows that this version of Tony being tactile, especially when drunk, means that the engineer is troubled.
, but if the knowing looks his teammates were giving him were any indication, then Tony thinks he was doing a poor job of concealing his emotions.
“Okay, here’s the plan,” Steve declares in an authoritative tone. “Thor and Iron Man, you’re on aerial support; secure the perimeter and get rid of the Chitauri before they hurt any more people. Widow, I need you with me here on the ground. We gotta aid the rest of the civilians to safety before more can get hurt, or worse. Hawkeye, your usual place as our eye up high — call out patterns when you can. And Hulk? Continue smashing, buddy.”
“Tony, why the fuck did you step out of your suit?” Clint screeches over the comms once Tony’s connected. “And why is your suit approaching the portal?”
the man has ever been since he woke up a few days ago. He lightly clears his throat and continues, “Do you, uh, remember anything that happened before you got — before your accident? I — we — that is to say, have been wondering since then. We didn’t want to bombard you with those questions when you woke up, so I hope it’s okay if we ask you now?”
“Sorry not sorry.” There’s a pause, and then, “Also, have I mentioned that I got the best seat in the house? ‘Cos lemme tell you, Cap, your boyfriend is lookin’ mighty
). That was expensive as fuck, and Tony had to pull several strings in order to buy one. But he did, and the gobsmacked expression on the archer’s face once he opened his gift from Tony all those months ago was so worth it. Or even that time when Tony was in his early- to mid-20’s and he bought Rhodey a classic Rolls Royce car as a congratulatory gift when his best friend was promoted from Captain to Major.
— chokes on the huge bite of French toast he’s chewing when he hears how uncertain and vulnerable Tony sounded just then. He casually roams his eyes over the table and shares a look with Natasha and Clint, the two assassins (subtly) looking as tense as Steve is feeling.
There’s a brief silence over the comms as they all shudder at the mere thought of Loki being present at the battle today. Yeah, that’s something Tony doesn’t want to happen, thanks very much.
Thor spent more than an hour regaling them with tales of the battles he fought in Asgard along with Sif and The Warriors Three. His storytelling only came to an end when he started to shamelessly recount what transpired
It takes a second for the implication to set in before everyone, bar Thor who’s busy opening a packet of strawberry-flavored pop tarts, groans at the engineer. Clint throws a dirty pair of chopsticks towards Tony while Steve crumples an unused napkin and throws it at his head.
Steve gulps inaudibly, and even he feels a shiver down his spine when he says, “I recall after you asked Tony for another MRI that I overheard him say something about
Halting in his steps, Tony shifts his stance and thrusts his right hand up in the air. He sees the Chitauri pull up in confusion, but before they can react further, Tony feels the handle of Mjölnir land in his grip. The little bolts of lightning around the face of the war-hammer unfurls past Tony’s right hand until it’s creeping up the whole length of his arm. Power he’s never sensed before in the months since he’s started wielding her courses within Tony, and it’s in that moment he realizes this must be what Thor feels every time he uses her in battle.
“Hey, Tony,” Steve greets, somehow sounding fond and reprimanding at the same time. “How you holding up?”
Fortunately, Tony finds his inattentiveness amusing because he snorts and rolls his eyes good-naturedly.
Before he can say anything over the comms, he sees Thor’s familiar figure flying overhead and sending a strong surge of lightning towards the oncoming Leviathan ships. In the distance, he can distinctly hear Hulk’s roar as he smashes the creatures left and right. Just then, a conversation from before is thrust into the forefront of his mind.
And besides, Pepper made the right choice. After all, they’re okay now — hell, more than okay, they’re fucking great — and somehow their friendship only seemed to solidify after their failed relationship. Pretty crazy how life works like that, huh?
“Did you know that almost everyone in the team has given me a similar speech?” Tony finally says, his voice thick. When Steve shakes his head, confusion and curiosity evident on his face, the genius continues with a humorless laugh. “Yeah, well, believe it. Every time I lift Mjölnir, I get the same kind of speech. Clint was too stunned to form a coherent sentence that time, but he told me later that he hopes I finally get my head out of my ass. Nat was severely injured so she couldn’t say much ‘cos of the painkillers, but she had a chat with me afterwards. Bruce had this long, impassioned speech, and it was the longest he ever spoke at a time that wasn’t related to science or tea. Then there’s Thor who chooses to ‘honor my worthiness’ by training me to fight
Steve, who’s been quietly drawing on his sketchpad for the past hour and a half, suddenly looks up at the scene unfolding before him.
, and there’s a huge difference between the two. It’s true that he hides behind a mask 95% of the time, only lowering his defenses when he’s around the people he trusts most in the world. Which isn’t much, to be honest. He has Pepper, Rhodey, Happy, JARVIS, and his bots.
Evidently, the rest sees the emotions playing wildly over Tony’s face, and they immediately turn somber. Even Clint looks ashamed just then.
Steve wonders. When he glances down at his sketchpad, he’s shocked to see the corners of the page where he was sketching one of Natasha’s guns laid on top of the coffee table smudged with sweat. Flustered, he closes his sketchpad and subtly runs his hands over his denim pants to wipe off the moisture that built up upon his realization that
“You really need to get your timing right, Tony,” Steve says with an eye roll as he takes another sip of his milkshake.
Once finished with his impassioned speech, Tony hastily gets up from his seat, the chair scraping loudly against the tiles as it was roughly pushed back. Without another word, the engineer quickly walks out, his fists clenched by his sides — and his stride doesn’t break, JARVIS acting ahead as the elevator doors slide open to take Tony far away from the gobsmacked team.
Tony’s eyes are downcast, brows furrowed in thought as his hand now gently massages the arc reactor and the skin around it.
I'm so sorry this is almost a month late. Work's just been so stressful. I've been working overtime often (without pay, mind you), and I rarely have time to just sit down and write. The free time that I get, I spend it either sleeping or reading.
“Yeah, it’s okay,” Steve answers with a lopsided smile, which Tony returns with a small grin. “Quite tame for our standards, but it’s still okay.”
“How’d it go?” he asks lightly, still in high spirits because he finally witnessed Tony wield Mjölnir. Steve won’t admit it out loud, and thinking about it is enough to make him turn red as a tomato, but he realized just then that the image of his stubborn genius grasping Mjölnir in his hand turns him on. Steve coughs and mentally shakes his head, cursing himself for getting aroused at the most inopportune time. Again. He clears his throat and continues. “Mjölnir ripped you a new one? I won’t be surprised if she did, though.”
It’s like he said the magic words because Steve blinks and shakes his head. Tony sees his Adam’s apple bob up and down as the blond man swallows a few times. By this point, Tony already got up from his seat and is now standing a few feet away from him.
Bruce shrugs one shoulder, still maintaining (or trying to, he’s no spy like Nat and Clint) that air of casualness as he thinks,
Pepper smiles at him again. “Steve’s going to love whatever it is you’ve planned to perform for him, Tony. Don’t overthink it, okay?”
Steve barks out a laugh as he drains his mug. He levels the genius with a look, and he knows the sincerity he feels is projected in his face because Tony’s eyes soften.
Tony isn’t sure how he developed that habit, but if he dares to reminisce further, he’d pin it down to his mom. His childhood, although not completely a happy one, was still filled with love and laughter, mostly thanks to his mom and Jarvis the butler. He can vaguely recall his mom humming to Tony when he was sick, or when he would have nightmares. Actually, Maria Stark was a musically gifted woman, and she was the person who taught Tony how to play the piano and violin. She was also the one who taught him how to sing — well, it was more of Tony reading notes and copying his mom until he eventually learned it all.
Tony shrugs. “I told her she must be talking about Steve because there’s just no way in hell I’m fucking worthy. I mean, it’s logical that Captain America is worthy and not me. Not me.” This time, Bruce frowns. But before he can say anything, Tony continues on. “Then Mjölnir got pissed, I think, because she started vibrating in my hand; said that I’m an idiot for thinking those things. Then she went on this rant about how a person’s worth is not measured by what they can do or what they can accomplish, that if that were the case then a hundred others would be able to lift her aside from Thor. No, she said that she measures worth by their
, it should be a crime to look that delectable, the blond thinks as he swallows inaudibly. Try as he might, he can’t help the way his eyes drift over Tony’s, the material of the full-body suit clinging almost obscenely and proudly displaying the firm and compact muscles of the brunet’s lithe frame. The curve of his shoulders, followed by a teasing glimpse of collarbones that makes Steve’s mouth water with want, then to the well-defined pecs, abs and trim waist, and then those gorgeous thighs.
The hammer remains quiet in his hand for several moments before Thor feels her acceptance of his statement.
Steve feels his throat dry at the double meaning of Tony’s words. He looks at Tony, then at his outstretched hand, then at the New York skyline, and finally back to Tony’s expectant face. Swallowing past the tightness in his throat (
Nobody moves or speaks for a long time after their teammate’s departure, each lost in thought as they individually ran over everything Tony just revealed to them in their befuddled minds. Steve’s mind is still stuck on the
“Astute observation as always, sir,” JARVIS replies dryly, though there’s no mistaking the hint of astonishment in his voice.
, that he wasn’t just someone to give them shelter and make them weapons, and even buy whatever they fancied.
There’s a stinging in his eyes then, and Tony hates himself when he feels the tears spill down his cheeks. He sees the panicked expression on Steve’s face, but that doesn’t register in him as Tony closes his eyes in shame and he brings a hand up to cover his mouth to stifle his sobs. Before he knows it, Tony feels large, hesitant hands rest on his biceps, and he stiffens at the contact for a moment before his body relaxes and sways towards the figure in front of him. The hands — Steve’s hands, he notes with surprised confusion — slowly rub circles on Tony’s arms before they carefully encircle around his shaking form.
At Steve’s raised eyebrow, Tony can’t help the blush that spreads over his cheeks. “Uh. Yeah? I mean,
He doesn’t know how long he stands there because he was in the middle of admiring Steve’s perfectly chiseled features (and those lashes are
. And yet, among the hundreds of hashtags generated within twenty-four hours, the most popular that the netizens use is
But Tony’s just so drained, and Pepper’s away on business for another two weeks while Rhodey’s in Afghanistan. So that leaves him with his teammates, and honestly, Tony’s desperate enough that he’d willingly left the sanctuary of his penthouse suite to seek their company. Doing so is a testament to how helpless he’s become, and the thought of Steve — of any of them, really — turning Tony away after this breaks something in him.
, he’s not that much of a cliché, no. He can’t put a name to this feeling, not yet anyway, but it’s nice. Pleasant. Comforting, even.
That conversation happened almost sixteen hours ago. In the present, it’s a little after two in the morning and Steve has just stepped out of the elevator in the common area to make some hot cocoa. He’d been tossing and turning in his bed for almost three hours, unable to fall asleep. As to why, the super soldier doesn’t have a clue, but he sure hopes that a cup of his favorite beverage will be able to help him fall asleep.
“You’re not pathetic, Steve,” Natasha cuts in with an eye-roll, and it’s then Steve realizes he must’ve said the last part out loud. “You’re just slow on the uptake on some things. But that doesn’t mean you’re not gonna learn.”
“I don’t think that’s how the saying goes, Tony,” Steve states with a look over his shoulder at the other man.
. Throwing all caution to the wind and relying only on the hope that Tony won’t kick him out or, worse, lash out — he slowly takes Tony’s smaller, more calloused hand in his.
The physicist, in question, hears Tony’s voice drift closer. Bruce gingerly gets up from his sprawled position to turn to see what tripped him, only to be greeted by the sight of Mjölnir innocently lying face down at the entrance of his lab.
Before Steve can reply, Tony walks ahead of him and makes a beeline to the grand piano placed between the living room and the floor-to-ceiling windows — giving it a perfect view of the balcony and landing pad, as well as New York City’s iconic skyline. The fireworks display was over hours ago, but there’s still the occasional colorful bursts of gunpowder that’s somewhat audible, painting the dark, cloudless sky every now and then. The only source of light they have is from the full moon and the high-rise buildings outside, exhibiting a very intimate ambience that Tony can’t help but notice.
Tomorrow’s troubles can wait, he decides resolutely. For tonight, they have each other to comfort and to share in the victory of another job well done.
around them, and — sadly — to allow himself to bond with his peers. To truly be happy and content, it’s something he’s been craving for for most of his life.
Despite the scalding shower he just took, Tony’s disheartened to find that the cold is starting to creep in his chest once more. He comes out of his en suite, goose bumps starting to break out throughout his nearly naked body as he stumbles to his dresser and chooses the comfiest clothes he first gets his hands on. Now dressed in his thickest pair of sweatpants and burrowed in three layers of sweaters and two layers of socks, Tony feels marginally better, but the coldness remains persistent. So he does the next best thing, which is to get in his king-sized bed and under the covers.
to believe all those things. But it’s going to take some time. Like, a horribly long time, for me to come to terms with it. I mean,
After several re-writes, I'm somewhat satisfied with how this turned out. I hope you enjoy reading this last — and lengthy — segment. I would also like to thank you for all the support you've given me throughout this short journey. The response has been incredible and just —
,” the redhead snarls next. Again, Steve’s not sorry to admit that he feels satisfaction curl in his gut when he sees Clint hunch his shoulders in shame. “We agreed to
It's been a month since Avengers: Endgame. I still find myself grieving these characters, hence why I've been binge reading a lot of fanfic lately and spent less time writing. That ought to change. This chapter is dedicated to the Original Avengers, especially to Tony and Nat.
A distant part of Tony’s overactive brain wonders if he unconsciously made the best decision ever, and he ponders on the possibility of
Steve hears a gasp, and he turns to look at Natasha, green eyes lighting up in recognition of the song. In two seconds flat she’s up in her feet with Tony and Bruce, the three starting to dance to the music again.
Sitting on the edge of the bed, Steve lightly brushes his fingers over Tony’s forehead, pushing his fringe back as he caresses the warm skin. It’s odd that JARVIS says Tony’s body temperature is abnormally lower than a normal human being’s when he can feel the heat that Tony’s radiating, sweat starting to break out on the man’s upper lip. With a sigh, he goes to the en suite to retrieve a towel to wipe the sweat off.
Tony sighs into Steve's mouth in contentment, his hands moving of its own accord to rest on Steve’s hips and pulling him closer until they’re pressed together. Steve lightly bites Tony’s lower lip, and the engineer doesn’t bother to hide his moan as the taller man wraps his other arm around Tony, his large hand resting on the small of his back.
The super soldier rolls his eyes but simply states, “C’mon, Tony, don’t make this awkward. I’m tired, you’re tired, and we need to rest. You don’t want to go back to your room, and this couch is big enough for the two of us.”
. It’s just there, and I know I’m missing something, but I don’t know what it is, and it’s killing me. This shouldn’t even hurt, but it does. It does, and I don’t know how to make it stop. I can’t make it stop. Even when I’m asleep, I still feel it. I don’t know if I’ll ever be okay again, and it terrifies me that I’ll always feel this way. This
He’s not completely sure why he decided to go up here in the first place, but Tony has a gut feeling that this is where he’s supposed to be. As to why, he can’t say — it’s not like his teammates care about him, anyway. Though their concern is touching, Tony can’t bring himself to think that it’s genuine concern for
But before he can say anything else, he sees a small herd of Chitauri coming towards him. He shoots a repulsor blast at the nearest before he executes a jumping roundhouse kick at another. He sidesteps the next alien then does a somersault over an upturned taxi to avoid getting hit by the energy-based weapon. In a spike of adrenaline, he runs towards the next alien, successfully blocking the jab that would’ve hit his sternum before he flips them over until the spear-like weapon is in his hands. He fires off one round at the creature, not waiting to see it go down like a sack of potatoes before he swivels to aim and fire at the half dozen Chitauri advancing towards him.
“They’re called a cluster, birdbrain,” Tony quips over the comms, and Natasha hears the familiar sound of repulsors and crunching metal.
Bruce sighs heavily once more, and it’s in the slight slump in his shoulders that the heavy weight in Steve’s stomach presses further uncomfortably.
“So,” Tony begins with a nervous smile at Steve. “This is my gift — not the piano, just so we’re clear — but, uh,
“I-I don’t — I’m not doing this because of my ‘guilt complex’,” he retaliates, complete with air quotes. Though the tightening in his chest suggests otherwise, and his frown deepens at that. When Natasha doesn’t say anything except to tilt her head and give him That Look — the look that says ‘Really, Cap? Who are you trying to hide the truth from, us or yourself?’ And, well, that really doesn’t sit well with Steve. “I just — I’m doing this to help Tony. To help
“Initiating TIB-A Protocol,” JARVIS answers serenely, but there’s no mistaking the tinge of concern in the AI’s tone. “Sleep well, sir.”
In response, Tony whimpers again as his body continues to tremble under Steve’s hands, even though the intensity of his shivering has decreased. Helpless, Steve swallows his frustration at being unable to do anything else, so he presses another kiss on Tony’s forehead and continues to run his hand through his sweat-soaked hair.
Thankfully, all it took was one (desperate) look at a corner in the room where he knows JARVIS is for the AI to lower the volume at a respectable level. This action causes both geniuses to stop their jig and finally look up at Steve.
“Ah, sorry, I got carried away,” he explains sheepishly, grinning when Tony rolls his eyes and bumps his shoulder. “Anyway, I don’t recognize it, but I keep hearing ‘ho’ and ‘hey’ repeatedly.”
“It’s like I said. Physically, I’m fine,” Tony repeats. Then he raises a hand to his chest, right where his arc reactor is, and he adds in a softer tone, “But I’m not okay here. Something’s missing. Something… important.”
, damn it. It doesn’t matter if he’s all jacked up with the serum because for Steve, he’ll always see himself as the short, stubborn, asthmatic kid from Brooklyn who still gets tongue-tied around the person he likes.
Clint arches an eyebrow at Tony, who directs a glare at one of the cameras installed in the common area. The archer hears Tony mumble “traitor” under his breath as he turns his back on Clint to focus his attention on the coffee machine.
Empty cartons of take-out from their favorite Chinese and Indian restaurants lay haphazardly on the coffee table as well as empty bottles of beer and sodas. They’ve elected to forego watching a movie in exchange for a lazy night spent talking instead.
The way the genius grasps the handle of Mjölnir is one borne of ease and familiarity, as if he’s been wielding god-like weapons his whole life. Steve looks on in wonder as Tony lifts the hammer. He discerns sparks of lightning surrounding the weapon and Tony’s hand, and if the super soldier had to guess it looked like an affectionate gesture from Mjölnir. Mouth hanging open at the sight before him, one he’s secretly hoped to witness for
The feeling of despair wells up inside of Tony as Pepper continues to look at him, her beautiful face torn between an expression of deep concern and betrayal. Concern for his well-being and betrayal for, well, for hiding
worked up about it anymore. Hell, the countless times he’s marched down to the genius’s workshop for this sole reason every time they finish a battle has pretty much become routine by this point. So really, if anything, the joke’s on
“You normally don’t listen to that kind of music,” Steve muses. Hands in his pockets, he leans one hip against the table. He’s standing close enough to Tony that he can see the light freckles dusting over his nose and the long lashes of his doe eyes.
“Oh! I haven’t heard this song since my MIT days,” the genius gushes, eyes closed with a blissful smile on his face as he hums along to the music. “Ah, I remember being absolutely drunk or high — probably both, to be honest.”
Bruce looks up from the banana he’s cutting into pieces on his plate to meet the super soldier’s inquiring gaze.
Another humming and Tony finds himself chuckling darkly. Minding the porcelain shards of the shattered mug and blaming it on his lack of sleep and proper nourishment, the engineer slowly reaches out a hand to lightly caress the faint markings of the hammer’s face. He allows himself several long moments just holding onto Mjölnir and feeling the now pleasant humming of her power resonate within him.
“Sure. Yeah. You’ll be dazzled. I hope. Right, okay. I’m off to make some rounds with the guests again, so enjoy your party, Cap. Don’t drink anything Clint gives you.”
“Tony,” Steve speaks again in the same soft tone, and this time Tony forces himself to pay attention to the blond man’s words. “Are you okay?”
He twists the cap of the milk jug until it’s properly sealed before handing it out to Tony who’s closest to the fridge. Clint would do it himself but he’s far too comfortable in his position to move.
The silence stretches on, the rhythmic sound of utensils hitting against their plates loud in the spacious area. It got to the point where Steve was starting to get fidgety and sees that the others are feeling the same way as well.
Tony attempts to smile, but it ends up looking like a grimace as he answers, “I’ll be fine. Just having the worst fucking hangover. Fuck, those tequila shots got to me.”
“Of course! There are only two Leviathan left to destroy. The Hulk and I can deal with it together. Summon her away, Tony!”
Natasha finds herself on her back with Tony in the Iron Man suit lying several feet to her right. She shuts her eyes against the searing pain in her leg, and she takes several deep breaths and ignores the panicked voices of her fellow teammates shouting over each other before she opens her eyes and glances down her body.
Later on, she’ll blame it on the pain, but it takes Natasha a few seconds to understand the implication of Tony’s request and —
Edwin Jarvis releases a long-suffering sigh, but there’s a fond smile on his face and Tony’s heart twinges in sorrow.
It’s actually pretty pathetic how crazy Tony is for Steve. The engineer would even go as far as to accept the very sad fact that the rest of his teammates, bar Steve for obvious reasons, are painfully aware of Tony’s feelings for their leader. Tony’s not certain how long they might’ve known, but he’s guessing that they’ve known it for almost as long as Tony’s been in love with Steve. So,
“It’s okay. It’s all going to be okay,” Steve says gently, and in an act of weakness he leans his cheek against the side of Tony’s head as he tightens his hold on the man. “And you have nothing to be sorry for, Tony. We’re here to help you in any way we can.”
Steve looks up from the book he’s been trying to read for the past half hour. He saw it lying on the coffee table and decided to check it out, to see if it’ll help him fall asleep. One glance at the large round clock hanging on the wall to his left shows it’s gone past one in the morning.
— is what keeps him going. Call it motivation, call it another reason to get up in the morning, but it is what it is. And what it is, to Tony, is the most essential part of his life.
“I concur,” Thor agrees, a frown on his face as he digests Bruce’s words. “Those creatures are not from the Nine Realms, and I must return to Asgard to consult with the Allfather about this. Something tells me that magic could also be involved. However, I shall remain first to observe Anthony and see if his condition will improve or not before I leave.”
“Relationships are a two-way street,” she continues with another pat to Tony’s smooth cheek. “Can’t expect your loved ones to know what you need if you don’t voice them out. And I know people like you hate the thought of being vulnerable, but let me tell you what I told my George all those years ago:
“We should also enlist the help of JARVIS,” Bruce adds. “This way, he’d be able to tell us of Tony’s whereabouts or alert us if something’s come up.”
Fuck, he should’ve done this a long time ago. Why is it that when it comes to his personal relationships, he always wait for things to get worse before he starts to take action?
“Not in front of the children, cupcake,” he replies with a pout. “Besides, we’ve been doing this song and dance for years.
The elderly woman isn’t fazed. In fact, she smiles softly at Tony before looking away to look at the view before them.
Steve smiles a little lopsidedly at Tony as he shrugs and says, “Can’t sleep myself. How long have you been standing there?”
“So, Tony,” he starts conversationally. He waits until Tony is pulled from his thoughts and looks up to meet Steve’s eyes, an eyebrow quirking up in a silent question. Steve feels the corners of his lips slightly tug upwards into a smile because
For all that it’s supposed to come as a witty retort, there’s no mistaking the sincerity in JARVIS’ tone, and Steve can’t help the smile that blooms on his face when he catches sight of Tony’s face softening at the AI’s words.
This time, Jarvis’ expression turns soft as he gazes down at Tony’s tense features, and the older man doesn’t hesitate to raise a hand to rest it reassuringly on Tony’s shoulder. Surprisingly, he’s warm to the touch, and the familiar gesture nearly brings the engineer to tears.
Blushing brightly at the photo, Steve sends it to Tony before he loses his nerve and types out his reply before hitting send.
“This is really good,” Tony remarks. Not bothering to blow on the surface, he takes another sip, and Steve almost chokes on the hot liquid when the engineer runs a tongue on his upper lip. “You got some skills, Steve.”
Raising one eyebrow, Tony answers him with a touch of sarcasm in his voice. “Yeah? Care to enlighten me?”
Hopefully that’s not bile she can taste in her mouth because she’d rather not die to the thought of ‘when will Steve and Tony resolve their sexual tension?’
“Steve,” Tony answers patiently. With another raised brow, Steve smothers a laugh when the engineer sighs dramatically and wiggles his outstretched fingers to him. “There’s a diner a few blocks from here. Let’s go.”
“No, Clint,” he says, but his lips twitch in amusement when he sees the mischievous sparkle in the archer’s eyes. “I’m thinking along the lines of us constantly being in the same room as Tony is. Could be individually or as a group. His workshop and suite are off-limits, of course. We have to give him his space and we have to respect that. But when he’s here, in the common area? Or even in the gym? Let’s try to, well, let’s be more mindful of him. From what I gathered about his outburst earlier, he’s very… sensitive. And I think it would help us more if we communicate better with Tony.”
“No no, it’s fine,” Tony reassures Steve with a shake of his head. He unconsciously bites his lower lip as he stares unseeingly at his tablet, brows scrunched up in contemplation. Eventually, Tony lets out a sigh, and he sets the device aside so it’s now laying face down between him and Steve. “It’s not that I
Steve’s heart skips a beat at the last message, and thank god for privacy because even he can tell he’s sporting a wide, boyish grin right now. The emoji that Tony used doesn’t help either as Steve can easily picture Tony’s brown doe eyes looking wide and pitiful.
They’re at a towering height of over seven feet, their bluish gray skin appearing reptilian-like. The top of their heads are bald and their faces are oval in shape, with a long neck and defined cheekbones that would initially give off a regal vibe if it weren’t for the rows of sharp teeth and crimson eyes. The creatures are dressed similarly from when Steve and the others fought them — silver armor protecting the vulnerable joints. There are weird symbols decorating the chest plate, with a round light at the center of it, similar to Iron Man’s arc reactor.
“I swear, I’m never gonna let you drink milkshakes at two in the morning,” Steve promises with a shake of his head. Then, seeing Tony’s pout for the second time that night, Steve purses his lips to refrain from laughing. “No, I’m serious. Your imagination knows no bounds in the dead of the night.”
Whatever happens next, Steve desperately hopes that he still gets to have this. Even if Tony decides that he doesn’t want to explore whatever has grown between them, Steve would push through the heartbreak and choose to remain friends with the genius rather than lose him. Because losing Tony would mean losing a part of Steve — the part that has grown to accept and love the future. He considers Tony his anchor because it was the eccentric genius who helped him the most to adjust to the twenty-first century.
Two years before that, it was a simpler celebration, wherein it was just The Team in Avengers Tower. They all pitched in to make something for dinner, which resulted in six superheroes gathered around the kitchen, weaving past and around each other to finish cooking and preparing the food they were going to eat. Bruce cooked Steve’s favorite Indian dishes, with the birthday celebrant helping out (as usual, nothing new); Natasha made a Russian stew that looked mouthwatering and tasted absolutely
what that ‘something’ could be. Frankly speaking, I don’t think we possess the right equipment to deal with this. I’ll be able to give you better answers once the scan is complete. All I can say is that we all have to be prepared for what’s coming next because even I’m not sure about the extent of the damage that weapon has done to Tony.”
Across the room, Steve sees Nat surrender the microphone to Clint, whose animated expression does little to hide his drunken state.
Another minute passes before Tony decides to give her an answer. And this time, he elects to be honest. It’s not like he’s gonna see her again. Besides, there’s something comforting about confessing to a stranger. They don’t know you, your story and history. So the only context they have is what you choose to share. It’s… freeing, in a way.
He would have considered it flawless if not for the slight hiccup several weeks ago, when Natasha was injured on one of their battles caused by his oversight in flinging Mjölnir towards one of the mechanical spiders. It wasn’t until the upturned vehicles exploded that the trajectory of his target had changed, much to his regret. Nevertheless, he had apologized profusely to his injured friend and vowed to make it up to her. Agreeing to share the codes to his safe where he keeps his beloved pop tarts was a small price to pay in aiding Tony to slowly accept his worth in wielding his dear hammer.
Up close, Steve can see the freckles that lightly dusts over Tony’s nose. His long lashes flutter as he evenly meets the super soldier’s steady gaze, whiskey-colored eyes suspiciously bright with emotion. Heart thumping like a drum against his chest, because he’s never been this close to Tony like this, Steve reminds himself to breathe and focus on the matter at hand.
prior to Steve's birthday — just so that the super soldier (and Tony, who was invited by the blond man after practically begging him to come along. And who’s Tony to say ‘no’ to that adorable puppy-dog face?
at them with an expression that’s bordering between fondness and sorrow, and something twinges in Steve’s chest because he’s
“Not all good-byes have to be permanent, either,” Stevie chimes in, wanting to contribute to the conversation.
apologized to the engineer, saying that he had nothing to be sorry for, and that it was the archer’s fault for being insensitive to his situation.
“You need to use your words, dear. And based from what you just said, I take it you haven’t really been communicating properly to your family and friends?”
“Yeah, what he said,” Clint agrees with a thumbs up towards Thor, who smiles widely at the archer in return.
Several hours passed, and half a dozen artworks later, Steve looks up from his sketchbook to look at the clock hanging above the entertainment centre in his room.
When Steve only responds with a confused expression, the genius sighs in what can only be considered a dramatic one before he expounds.
I'm incredibly sorry that it's taken me this long to update, but real life has kept me away from this site. It's only this week that I got to reading fanfics again, actually, and I didn't know how much I missed it until I re-read my favorite Stony fic. Add to that, Avengers: Endgame is showing soon and the trepidation I feel in my gut grows constant the nearer the release date approaches.
Steve swallows inaudibly, and he has to bite his lower lip to stop himself from reprimanding the stubborn engineer. It’s only when he hears the desperate plea in Tony’s tone that Steve gives in with a defeated nod. The worry continues to build up, and he starts to feel the familiar weight pressing in his chest as he helplessly watches Tony clench his fists by his sides as his body continues to tremble.
Tony doesn’t say anything, in fact he’s quiet. And Steve’s starting to second-guess himself, that maybe he shouldn’t have said something horribly cliché and, and
“Don’t bullshit me, Tony. My being out of the country hasn’t stopped you before from reaching out to me before.”
He does look relaxed, Steve notes with satisfaction. It’s the most relaxed he’s seen Tony in a pretty long time, no thanks to his laundry list of responsibilities.
It takes Tony half a minute to recognize the face of the person who was following him, and when he does, his stomach lurches uncomfortably at the sight of the man he hasn't seen in more than two decades.
But before Steve can ask Tony to expound on that, Thor suddenly calls out to them in his loud, booming voice that lunch is finally ready. In that instant, everyone in the living room gets up from their seats to gather around the dining table laden with a delicious spread.
“When we brought Tony back here, I had JARVIS do a full scan on him. Just as a precautionary measure,” he hastily adds when he spots Steve’s alarmed look. “It’s not that I don’t think SHIELD’s doctors are incompetent, but I do know that if I were in Tony’s position, he would do the same for me. So I had JARVIS scan him, and when I was given the results, I was… a bit unsettled at what I found.”
” Tony laughs bitterly, and at this point Bruce is growing more alarmed by the second. “And let me tell you, Brucie, that didn’t make sense to me. At all. Can you imagine —
This time, the silence that follows is one of shock as everyone turns to stare at the engineer. Even Thor is gawking down at Tony, bits and pieces of pop tarts visible from his gaping mouth. Eyes wide in shock, Steve swivels his head to look at Bruce, the physicist’s eyebrows raised high into his hairline, clearly taken aback by what he just heard.
“My hero,” Steve deadpans before he plops down on the space left between Tony and Clint. Tony just rolls his eyes, but there’s amusement dancing in his whiskey-colored gaze. Clint, on the other hand, conspicuously eyes said box of orange chicken. He nudges the archer’s shoulder, and when Clint meets his gaze innocently, Steve levels him with a look of his own. “Don’t even think about it.”
“Everything I do feels like it’s never enough,” he confesses quietly, eyes trained on his rough, scarred hands. Hands that have created and destroyed. “I have… a company. I create stuff to help people. Make their lives comfortable, easy. Sometimes safe. But before that, I made a lot of mistakes. I mean,
“Tony, you’re my friend. And these past few weeks, we’ve all been skirting around the topic of The-Incident-That-Shall-Not-Be-Named because, for some reason, you’re really freaked out by it. Don’t argue,” the physicist adds with an imploring look when Tony opens his mouth to do just that.
He can perfectly imagine the shit-eating grin on his dear captain’s face when Steve says, “Now where’s the fun in that, Shellhead?”
“Thank you, Tony,” Steve murmurs back, and Tony hears the love he feels reciprocated in the other man’s tone and mouth. And god, what a talented mouth he has.
Because if there’s one thing Steve loves, it’s fireworks. His birthday also falling on their country’s Independence Day is just the icing on the cake, which gave him more opportunities to go crazy with the pyrotechnics show.
Just as he forces himself to pull away, with perfect timing Peter comes out of the bathroom. The teen looks at them back and forth, steps slowing as he eyes them apprehensively.
The air is warm, slightly humid; the well-known scents of hot dogs and pastries, as well as the stale smell of the Hudson River. Tony breathes it all in and slowly exhales it through his mouth. Kids running and screeching in laughter. Young adults — couples, groups of friends — walking at a sedate pace while murmuring whatever nonsense to each other that Tony can’t hear. Older couples, families, sprawled comfortably on the grass as they trade stories and take pictures.
Unbeknownst to Pepper, the five Avengers exchange significant looks. Steve crosses his arms in thought as his mind mulls over that reference. The window disappears as well as the mainframe, accepting the codes. They patiently wait for JARVIS to activate.
“Okay,” she says, sounding choked. Before Tony can speak, she quickly adds, “I won’t ask you anymore, because it’s clear to see that you’re not ready to talk about it. But, but you… whatever this is — whatever happened to you… there’s more to it. Isn’t there?”
“And you’re too stubborn, Tony Stark,” Steve quips back with a raised brow. He hears Clint cough loudly to cover his laugh. Even Natasha is smirking at him as the redhead picks up another handgun from her pile to clean next.
“What did it — she — say?” Curiosity peaked, Bruce leans against the table, giving his complete attention to Tony, the engineer absentmindedly fiddling with the alien weapon.
“About damn time you got here,” Tony calls out, waving his chopsticks in the air in greeting. Steve smiles when the engineer adds, “C’mon, Spangles, I saved you the last box of orange chicken.”
“That was the most beautiful thing I’ve ever witnessed,” he utters breathlessly, sounding choked with emotion. Tony’s stomach swoops at the admission, and Steve continues, “
“No worries, take your time,” Nat responds dryly. Thankfully the whole street is devoid of civilians since they evacuated the perimeter earlier on in the fight.
Peter’s eyes widened in excitement. He finishes cleaning in no time and goes to the bathroom built in the lab.
, his inner voice supplies helpfully. With another deep breath, Steve continues. “We start from the beginning. We befriend Tony Stark.”
“There’s a horde of spiders incoming on sixteenth,” Clint shouts. Ah, so that’s why he’s panicking. “Nat, you’ve got less than a minute to get the fuck outta there.”
Thor’s still eating his pop tart, but there’s a huge smile on his face as he looks at the two dancing Science Bros. Natasha’s picking at the leftover egg rolls as she rolls her eyes at Clint filming the two with his upgraded StarkPhone, all the while goading Tony to dip Bruce.
They sit in silence for a few minutes, Steve sipping his fruity drink every now and then while Bruce hums tonelessly to Thor’s song choice. Across the room, Clint and Tony are in the middle of taking tequila shots while Natasha is standing beside the karaoke machine, punching in the number for her song choice with a laser-eyed focus which speaks highly of her current inebriated state.
There’s a snort in front of him, and Steve turns to see Natasha staring at them with fond exasperation. Beside her, Bruce and Tony share a long look that has the former stifling a laugh and the genius to waggle his eyebrows in a suggestive manner.
“Don’t do it again, Tony,” Pepper says next. Her voice is stern but there’s a pleading note in her tone that nobody misses. There’s something heavy in the look she and Tony exchange, and Steve tamps down at the sudden flare of jealousy. “
Clearing his throat, Steve fights down a blush — for God’s sake, it’s a damn drink, he shouldn’t be this flushed! — as he quickly stammers out, “It’s just hot cocoa.”
to leave, but I couldn’t let the others know I was sneaking away! And if I hadn’t done what I did, you would’ve told Steve and…” Tony’s voice trails off. When he’s met with silence again, Tony sighs out loud. “I’m sorry. I know you’re not happy with me, but. I
Natasha and Bruce roll their eyes while Thor perks up at the word ‘parties’. Steve, however, shakes his head and sighs.
Tony shrugs one shoulder. “Fair enough. It could’ve gone worse, to be honest. And besides, I’m used to being in the limelight, anyway, it’s just…” He trails off with another shrug.
This time, Steve’s unable to hold back his laughter. Tony face lights up, eyes crinkling in the corners.
“None of you were there! That weapon released some sort of blue light, and it hit Tony right in the chest —
He has several hologram screens up and running in no time. While working on upgrades for Clint’s quiver and looking up ways to prolong the durability of Bruce’s stretchy pants, he has Jarvis order him a Steinway & Sons grand piano to be delivered directly to his penthouse by mid-day. Next, he goes on YouTube and listens to the song he’s decided to sing to Steve while he was in the shower.
to know what they’re doing. You gotta take a leap of faith, young man. Open that big heart of yours and let them in. Good things will happen, you'll see. My George did and his life was all the better for it.”
Steve curses under his breath before he addresses the AI once more. “Alright. JARVIS, will you please alert Bruce of Tony’s situation? Tell him I’ll meet him in Tony’s penthouse.”
Steve smiles against Tony’s dark locks, pressing another lingering kiss before he simply says, “You’re welcome.”
“Sir, this is your only functioning suit. Mark 34 is still in need of repair after the last battle.”
“What’s wrong with me, Jarvis?” he utters next, unable to keep the fear out of his tone. “What’s happened to me?”
It’s the evening of the aftermath of another successful battle that Steve finds himself and the rest of the Avengers lounging in the living room.
big enough for them. Still, Tony knows it’s gonna be a bit of a tight fit, considering Steve’s tall and muscular physique. Even though he’s been harboring a huge crush (okay, fine, it's more than that) on the super soldier, Tony also knows that it’s not every day he’s gonna be offered to sleep beside Steve Rogers.
As he dozes off, he vaguely senses Steve shift his head before he feels soft lips press gently on the crown of his head.
It’s probably in his imagination that Tony squeezes his hand, and Steve probably shouldn’t think too much if it takes another three seconds before they let each other go, even as they walk in closer than normal proximity towards the waiting elevator.
Silence reigns between them, save for the slurping sounds of the pair drinking their milkshakes. And no, it does not become a contest on who can finish their drink first.
Steve gives a short laugh before he tips his face to brush a kiss on the crown of Tony’s head. He breathes in the familiar, comforting scent that’s pure Tony, and he feels the shorter man exhale shakily before he squeezes Steve’s fingers once more.
Swallowing past the tightness in his throat when his gaze lands on the portal several hundred feet above them, Tony’s mind flashes back to the dark void of space and the sight of hundreds of those ugly creatures before the nuke decimated them. He grits his teeth and banishes those memories away before he pushes through the crowd. Tony discards his grey suit jacket then loosens and tosses the burgundy tie over his shoulder before he activates his wrist gauntlets. The Leviathan is gliding several hundred feet above while hordes of Chitauri rappel to the sides of the buildings, shattered windows and crumbling rubble falling to the ground where people continue to run for their lives.
The next week passes by uneventfully, the only hiccup being Bruce delivering bad news that he’s seen nothing of import to share to the team in regards to the weapon that hit Tony. It was an unspoken agreement among the others to not comment on the fact that the engineer still didn’t help Bruce. It was almost as if Tony was
“Okay, so I know we’re all a bit freaked out at what just happened,” he says. Clint snorts and Steve shoots the archer a look, the latter having the grace to look sheepish. Bruce clears his throat before he continues. “And JARVIS is still busy doing scans on the weapon that hit Tony. It’s going to take another couple of hours before it’s complete. At this point, I’m afraid I can’t give you guys good enough answers to your questions.”
Sure, she’s seen the cautious way Tony would shoot her way on occasion, as if he’s waiting for the other shoe to drop. As if half expecting Natasha to use her skills into getting Tony to open up to her about The Incident. A part of her feels sad and, admittedly hurt, that after all the years they’ve known each other Tony would still expect the
Like the flip of a switch, Tony’s expression turns sour, his mouth twisting into a sharp smile while his eyes harden in anger. The words that escape his mouth are like a punch to the gut as he hisses them at Steve.
“So tracing back the scans of his brain activity from after his accident to a few days ago,” Bruce concludes after showing Steve and the others the graphs that he and JARVIS made. “There’s a sporadic, but consistent, uptick of activity when he’s presumably asleep. The question is not only
Steve can feel a blush heat up his cheeks, but he doesn’t break away from Tony’s doe-eyed stare. There’s a faint stubble growing on his cheeks and chin, and a part of him can’t wait for that signature goatee to make an appearance soon.
Tony snorts, and in a split second he gets up from the couch. Steve blinks in surprise, and blinks a second time when Tony offers his hand to the super soldier.
He’s discombobulated by his surroundings (is that the correct term? Oh, well). Still, he’s not able to make out the ground he’s standing on,
“Tony! How about a friendly spar with me?” Thor booms excitedly as he fully enters the gym. With Mjölnir in his grasp, he doesn’t miss the light tingling in his fingers when his dear hammer senses Tony’s presence.
“Doesn’t hurt to be prepared, Clint,” Steve contradicts, frowning slightly at the two assassins. He meets Natasha’s stare with a raised eyebrow of his own. “What? What’s that look for, Nat?”
Steve stares back at Tony, pupils dilated and cheeks slightly flushed. Smirking down at him, Steve leans down and presses a lingering kiss on Tony’s cheek.
“What do you need?” he asks next. When Tony looks up to meet his eyes, Steve adds, “Please, Tony. Allow me to help you. I — please let me help you, in any way I can. What do you need?”
, gosh it’s like he’s back to feeling like a pubescent teenager — voice. “All good here, but it’s not as fun without you guys.”
Smiling wistfully, he remembers the words uttered to him in his head, and he shakes his head again before he leaves the floor to return to his workshop.
When Tony’s done speaking, he has his glass refilled by Happy and has downed half of his drink before he dares to take a peek at Pepper. The auburn-haired woman is looking at him with a soft expression, one Tony is acutely aware of that means Pepper’s
All those weeks of forced quarantine has driven the genius to execute something so reckless. A spur-of-the-moment decision made after realizing he was alone in the common area with no company. Even if they keep telling him that it’s for his own good that he needs to stay in the Tower, at least until he “returns to normal”, Tony knows he’s become somewhat of a prisoner in his own building. Which, really, doesn’t paint a pretty picture. He may not be completely himself, but even Tony admits that he’s starting to get a case of cabin fever.
“Steve,” Tony starts with a pained grimace. The absence of his signature goatee makes him look so much younger, and Steve wonders if his cheeks are as soft as it looks. “Pep…” His eyes glance at the CEO, who’s standing a few feet from Steve and wearing a concerned expression on her face. Tony licks his lips, which—
This was the longest, and toughest, to write. I also had to re-write some parts as I wasn't satisfied with the flow. Still, I hope it delivers. Enjoy reading!
“Yeah, I know,” Tony answers quietly. This time, he doesn’t hesitate to draw Pepper closer and wrap his arms around her slim frame. As Pepper hugs him back just as tightly, Tony mumbles, “I’m sorry for worrying you.”
“I think I may have one,” he says. When he sees that everyone is looking at him with hopeful expressions, the super soldier only has a split second to wonder if it’s the right course of action.
Breathing out slowly, and shakily, Tony clears his throat before gently setting the hammer down in the same place he vaguely recalls it was located. He quickly cleans the countertop of the shattered remains of the mug before he takes out another one from the cupboard. Careful to not mistake the coffee pot for another object (or weapon), Tony pours the thankfully still searing hot coffee into his new mug.
Tony turns his body to properly face Thor, so Steve catches a glimpse of the frown on the genius’s face when he answers. “What? Why does Mjölnir want to speak to me?”
“Yeah! Yeah, I’m fine, Cap. Don’t worry about me, I’m just thinking. Of, um, designs. For a, uh, another Starkphone upgrade.”
Once he has also unbuttoned Steve’s shirt and carelessly throws it somewhere behind him, Tony belatedly thinks,
The three hours that he spends listening to music in the privacy of his suite is the most peaceful Steve has felt since he woke up. Not even yoga with Bruce or a fifteen-mile run could help silence the constant humming in his head.
The physicist looks hesitantly at them, and when the silence stretches on, Steve eventually says, “Bruce, it’s better than nothing. And even if you end up wrong, at least we’d all have an idea of what to look out for.”
, that would physically connect Steve to the gorgeous man beside him. His fingers itch with the need to run his hands through Tony’s bedhead, or wrap an arm around his shoulders until the shorter man is pressed flushed against his side with his face tucked into the crook of Steve’s neck.
. Aside from Rhodey, Jarvis the butler and Jarvis the AI, he’s thankful that he has another person in his life who knows him well enough to read between the lines.
Tony blinks and looks up to meet kind blue eyes. It’s an old woman, probably in her eighties, and she’s dressed comfortably in walking shoes, brown slacks and a woolen cardigan over a blouse. Her greying hair is fixed into a neat bun, and there’s a wooden cane clutched in her wrinkled left hand. Tony notes a thick gold band around her ring finger.
“For a genius, you sure can be dumb,” Steve says instead after counting down from ten in French in his head.
“Yes, Steve?” Tony answers calmly. His voice, usually laced with sarcasm or cleverness, is now filled with… nothing. Well,
Except Tony, though. He looks like he’s in a world of his own, his brown eyes lost in thought as he almost absentmindedly spoons oatmeal into his mouth every thirty seconds or so.
It’s one thing to start with an open mind and actively get to know someone, regardless of their backgrounds or the red on their ledger, and another thing to have a preconceived notion about someone and expect them to act the way you expect them to.
Clint has an annoying habit of camping out in the vents, but the archer also happens to be the tidiest among them.
They are the ones who give Tony hope. Hope to believe in himself — that the person he once was isn’t the person who he is now — that he’s
“Knew you were gonna catch me,” Steve says with a wide grin after Tony grabs him around the waist and depositing him safely on the ground. “Thanks, babe.”
They descend into silence once again. Steve finds it pleasant, the silence. It’s not stilted or uncomfortable at all, which is a good change in his opinion. Instead, it feels like another wall has dissolved between them, one that Steve thinks has always been there but was never addressed.
“You don’t have to tell us if you don’t want to, Tony,” Steve interjects placatingly, shooting Natasha a look of warning, but the redhead ignores him.
Yeah, that familiar sense of foreboding is creeping up his spine and Tony is certain he’s not gonna like what’s gonna happen next.
So if that means she has to swallow her inquisitiveness in seeing Tony wield Mjölnir with her own eyes (JARVIS has refrained them from seeing the footage of Tony lifting the hammer, for some reason, though the redhead can guess who gave the AI that particular order), then so be it.
They still disagree on a lot of things, mostly about work and how the team should operate, but less now on the inconsequential things, like who’s turn it is to wash the dishes. Hell, there were a few instances than Steve can recollect where he and Tony shared an almost amicable conversation over a meal or whenever they end up working out together at the state-of-the-art gym. Plus, there were also the team building activities that they would all participate in every week to help boost the team’s morale and strengthen their bond. Movie Nights are a weekly thing now, and they’ve recently introduced Game Nights into their routine as well.
She pats Tony’s shoulder once more before she turns to watch the sunset. They watch it together in silence, and it stretches on until the skies turn dark and the stars start to twinkle in view. After some time, the elderly woman takes her cane to gingerly get up from the stone bench.
There’s something about the way the AI spoke that jars something in Steve. Frowning, he turns to look at his teammates, and he’s not surprised to see them with almost the same expressions.
Thor and Natasha remain silent, the latter's lips pursed in thought as she studies Tony through narrowed eyes.
I understand that to you, I’m just some rich guy who builds suits of armor for fun and you’re only tolerating me because I give you what you want, plus you’re all living in my Tower rent-free. I get it, I really do. But in case you forgot, I’m
Tony blinks when he hears Rhodey curse and say, mostly to himself, “Shit, I should’ve seen it sooner.”
.” She nods and this time, pats Tony’s knee a few times. “You gotta let your people in, dear. Don’t get me wrong, all that guilt and shame you feel ain’t gonna disappear when you eventually let them in. But at least that burden you carry will no longer be yours to bear.”
Steve is bringing up the rear so he sees Clint reach the living room first and he picks up the StarkPad Tony’s been seen using recently from one of the couches.
. And that acknowledgement certainly triggered something in Tony, which Bruce understands about his friend because he’s starting to paint the right picture now.
Because when you’re unable to say the words you want to say to the person who means everything to you, then what else could Tony do but to sing his heart out to the man? Quite literally, too.
. A welcome reprieve from the usual attention he gets whenever he’s in public. Not a single person has given him a second glance in the past few hours he’s been sitting in the stone bench. Yet despite knowing that he’s going to get an earful from his teammates when he returns to the Tower, Tony can’t bring it in himself to regret doing what he did.
Tony snorts, but there’s a grin on his face when he says, “Well, tough luck, buddy.” Then he fires up his thrusters to meet the Leviathan head on. “Once I’m in, unleash all the mini-missiles, J. Bottoms up, asshole.”
“Iron Man,” Steve’s voice comes next, and Natasha can’t help but roll her eyes (in fond exasperation, don’t get her wrong) at their leader’s insistence to use their codenames during battles. Not that they follow it, but sometimes they slip occasionally.
The engineer glances at Steve again, an inscrutable expression on his face when he says, “Call it intuition? Trust me, I know what depression feels like. This isn’t it. There’s a difference between
His head downcast and eyes closed as he washes his hair with shampoo next, Tony’s not surprised to find his mind wandering to the cause of his current melancholy. So it’s nothing new that he caused another dramatic scene, and then made an even more dramatic exit.
Natasha, who takes her place on the armchair adjacent to Steve’s position on the couch, raises an eyebrow at the super soldier, who sighs.
. But every time he finds himself in the gym with the war-hammer, the sentient being distracting him from his self-destructive thoughts by training him on how to best utilize her in a fight, Tony almost always ends up thinking that there’s a light at the end of the tunnel. That one day, he’s going to wake up and feel less like the man he’s been most of his life and start to feel more like the person he wants and strives to become.
“Come on, I’m starving,” he decides to say. One look at his watch alerts him that they’ve skipped lunch a while back. “Let’s go up for a quick lunch then finish this up.”
to count on. You’re family, Tony, and that means we get to help you carry your burdens, too. It, it honestly hurts me to see you like this, not because I pity you and would want to take all your pain away — though I’d do that in a heartbeat if I could — but because you can’t see how much we appreciate and adore you. It’s not the money or the tech, or even the amazing living accommodations you’ve given us — although they’re all amazing and I can’t thank you enough for all of that and more — but it’s
their leader can get whenever Tony goes on these work binges; Clint would describe it as pathetic if it weren’t so — perish the thought, he’s shuddering just thinking about it —
“Alright, fine,” he grits out. “I still have my wrist gauntlets with me, plus I’ve been training with the team, so I’m not completely hopeless.”
Shaking himself from his stupor, Steve closes the book and meets Tony’s tired eyes with a tired smile of his own.
“But he is not,” Thor interjects sadly. “That is not the Anthony I know, and his current behavior only serves to concern me more about his well-being.”
It took twenty minutes until all the guests got to pat Steve on the back, or hug him, or kiss him on the cheek. Tony definitely doesn’t combust with jealousy when he spots one SHIELD agent manage to peck a blushing Steve on the apple of cheek.
“Actually, I’m hungry,” Tony announces. Steve turns his head to look at him, eyebrows raised. With a small smirk, the engineer continues, “I”m craving pie. And a milkshake.”
Steve drains his glass before he nods in agreement. “Damn right we did. It’s been a hell of a week.”
“I’m gonna check the portal and see if there’s a way we can close it from our side,” Tony announces over the comms. He hears a chorus of agreement before he switches to his private channel. “J, what are your readings on the portal? Any chance we can shut it down before more of those ugly warships come out and play?”
,” Bruce quips back as he glances up in time to meet Tony’s unimpressed gaze with a knowing look of his own. Sighing, he abandons the sample he’s inspecting to angle his body towards his friend’s. He remains quiet, and when Tony doesn’t speak, Bruce lets out another sigh as he pinches the bridge of his nose.
“Lo and behold you’re an idiot if you think you can beat Clint in his own game,” Bruce says, deadpan. “Believe me, I tried.”
, if that makes sense, and Tony knew then that they were still going to be okay. Still, he loved her so much and it fucking hurt, but it’s all water under the bridge.
She was prepared to see one of the bot’s legs sticking out of her, but seeing Mjölnir situated on her thigh is a sight she never expected to see. Unbeknownst to her, Natasha doesn’t realize she’s cursing in Russian when she hears a choked sound over the comms and right next to her.
“You really need to alter your definition of ‘party’, Stark,” Natasha quips dryly, which only causes Tony to grin.
You’re Tony Stark. Your name carries weight, naturally, but what you’ve done and accomplished isn’t what makes you
Tipsy. That’s what Steve would describe Tony right this moment, the brunet swaying sensually to the soft music playing as he coaxes Bruce to do the same, who does so in a timid way that makes the others hoot in encouragement. Steve finds himself grinning at the display in front of him, and it’s an image he finds himself memorizing when he feels the itch in his fingers to draw, to immortalize this significant moment.
Distantly, he can hear Peter’s movements in the bathroom, and he knows they have less than a minute before the teen comes out and it’s Tony’s turn to clean up.
When everyone’s settled down on the couches, Steve gestures for Bruce to take the floor. The physicist nods at him once before he begins.
The point is, he’s spent most of his life keeping people at a distance and projecting a persona that he’s carefully perfected over the years that he’s forgotten how it felt to truly connect to someone. To wholly trust someone and to have his defenses lowered
Steve chokes on his saliva while Tony guffaws at that bit of information. "Remind me when I'm sober to have JARVIS search for that."
Wincing because he clearly pissed off his concerned AI, Tony forces those thoughts to the back of his mind in order to focus on the more important matter, like save New York from a second alien invasion.
It isn’t until the end of the song that Steve sees Tony grip Bruce’s hand and turns his body until his side is pressed flush against the physicist’s, the latter immediately catching on and he gamely dips Tony, much to the cheering and laughter of everyone.
Thor shrugs, an uncharacteristic gesture from the Nordic god. “I am uncertain as to Mjölnir’s intentions, but she is insistent that I take her to you.”
to read and learn and keep track of. But it’s okay. I have you and the team, and JARVIS. God knows I would’ve given up if it weren’t for you guys, so. Thank you, Tony.”
“Tony, what’re you doing?” Bruce asks in between chuckles, one hand holding on to his drink while the other is clasped in Tony’s.
“Hm, it's still open to his company e-mail,” Clint supplies before he returns the StarkPad back on the couch. “Tony wouldn’t be that careless.” Then, the archer glances at the coffee table and a frown forms on his face. “Coffee’s gone cold. He didn’t drink from it.”
At this, Tony reacts. Wide-eyed and most probably looking panicked (that’s how he feels, so no doubt he’s projecting his emotions like bright, neon signs), he shakes his head repeatedly as he exclaims, “Are you crazy?! We’ve been planning this since May! No fucking way we’re cancelling your party, Cap. Besides, we’ve sent the invites weeks ago and everyone RSVP’d  already. So nuh-uh, no backing out.”
“And his bpm was normal that night, as well as his brain activity,” Bruce finishes. Then he adds after a second, “Well. Then the chills start again the following day, and then there’s the increase of his brain activity at night after that.”
“Tony?” Steve quietly calls out so he doesn’t startle him, a gentle hand resting on his blanket-covered knee.
a command, obviously), albeit very reluctantly because the first time they attempted to bring that topic up over one of their team dinners, Tony had gone completely stiff and stared at them with guarded eyes. Bruce didn’t have to be a master spy to see the unsettled look that passed over Tony’s face when his eyes met Thor’s warm, if not gleeful, stare. Thankfully, Natasha was quick to defuse the situation by swiftly changing the topic to recount the meeting she had with Fury regarding the clean-up of their latest mission.
He jumps from the taxi in time to avoid a blast from the energy-based weapon the Chitauri are equipped with. Landing lightly on his feet, he eyes at least a dozen of them approaching him from all sides, and Tony doesn’t hesitate to utilize the one-time only laser. Moments later multiple bodies drop to the ground, and at the same time he hears the telltale whirring of his suit approaching. Thanking all the deities he could think of in that moment, Tony deactivates the wrist gauntlets before leaping into position as the suit wraps around him like a glove. The HUD comes online and, now patched through the team’s communications system, Tony instantly makes his presence known as he shoots to the sky and takes down a dozen more Chitauri in his wake.
Seeing that the rest of his teammates are occupied, Tony stares at Steve who’s carefully setting aside another birthday card (that’s the twenty-second card now, the engineer observes) and waits until the super soldier looks up to meet his eyes. From across the room, Tony’s lips quirk and he gestures his head to the elevator. Eyebrows raising in mild confusion, Steve nods and gets up from the stool where he was busy opening his gifts. Tony silently walks to the waiting elevator (
“I’m fine, Cap,” Natasha says through gritted teeth. Then after a beat, she darkly adds, “But Thor won’t be.” She attempts to move her leg but ends up gritting her teeth to prevent a scream when the throbbing pain intensifies.
somewhat of a precaution. To not get carried away. To not lose objective. To solve the mystery and help Tony get better.
Finally, after what feels like hours of a little bit of awkward silence, but was only in fact a minute and a half, Pepper’s eyes return to Tony’s, and the look the CEO gives the engineer is one he’s only seen a handful of times in the time they’ve known each other. There’s a small pinch between Pepper’s brows, lips pursed into a thin line as she stares at Tony with glistening eyes.
“Sorry. What now?” Clint asks with a nervous chuckle when the silence stretched on for more than five seconds.
Tony shrugs for the third time, eyes downcast as he plays with his food, turning his spoon around the middle until there’s a small hole before he mixes the oatmeal again and repeats the process.
Steve’s smile widens when he hears Tony chuckle, and he shoots him another lopsided smile, inwardly patting himself on the back for getting such a positive reaction out of the engineer.
, Steve welcomes the feeling of pride and joy that washes over him. Pulled from his thoughts by the sound of Tony snorting, Steve spots the brunet shaking his head, a look of fond exasperation crossing over his face as he leans his hip against the edge of the worktable.
Steve smiles, and he raises a hand to rest on Tony’s cheek, thumb slowly caressing his jaw as the rest of his fingers card through the small hairs at the back of Tony’s neck. The engineer is incapable of holding back a shiver, and he involuntarily closes his eyes at the intimate gesture. When Tony opens his eyes again, he feels heat curl low in his abdomen when he’s met with Steve’s hooded eyes, dark with desire.
Mjölnir unknowingly (or not) took a lifetime’s worth of Tony’s fears and insecurities and completely hammered — no pun intended — the simple truth in the genius’s thick skull through one phrase.
Once he’s inside his room, the super soldier quickly strips down until he’s naked before he climbs into his bed and gets under the covers. Lying on his back with his arms raised and hands curled under his head, Steve sighs heavily and then stares aimlessly at the dark ceiling as he goes over the events that occurred that evening.
Tony’s lips quirk upwards in amusement, and Steve’s chest warms at his open expression. “And which do you think helps you more?”
Tony’s eyes well up, and this time he doesn’t bother fighting them back as he allows the tears to fall. His heart twinges at the sweet words uttered affectionately to him, and he feels an uncanny sense of relief settle deep in his bones.
“I just,” Tony starts with a huff. He exhales a puff of breath and breaks eye contact with Jarvis to start walking again, and it only takes a few steps for the latter match his pace. “This whole situation is just freaking me out, okay? I’m sorry for snapping at you, J, but I just…”
“I’m sorry, Tony. I didn’t mean to zone out. I’m really interested to learn more, I just… got lost in my own head, I guess.”
Wanting to avoid any awkwardness that might ensue if he doesn’t leave, Steve decides to make his exit, shooting Peter a smile and Tony a wink.
Anyhow, taking into account that humans lack the proper tools to analyze a god-like weapon, Bruce is still inclined to study the components of the hammer, even if he himself isn’t worthy.
This time, there’s a note of concern in JARVIS’ voice when he answers, “Sir, I would recommend you to take a shower and then take a nap. Your current vitals show that you’re heavily fatigued.”
“What —” Tony starts, and he grimaces at the raspiness in his voice. Natasha, who’s standing nearest the bedside table, quickly fills up a glass with ice-cold water and hands it to Tony who gladly accepts it. “Thank you,” he mumbles quietly.
Every now and then he stops and turns to shoot repulso s at the oncoming horde. However, after the fourth time he did that, his aim was cut off by one of the Chitauri’s gun hitting the edge of his left gauntlet. Tossing aside the ruined gauntlet, Tony does his best to take down more Chitauri with his remaining weapon. It doesn’t take long before that goes down as well. Momentarily thrown off at the impact of the energy-based gun, Tony crashes into the side of a Camaro and lands on his ass. He groans as pain shoots up his back before he forces himself to get up, deactivating the destroyed gauntlet and casting it aside in the process. He’ll find it later during clean-up.
Now, Bruce already expected it, what with Clint’s detailed recollection of the first time it happened. Regardless of his body language that screams ‘uncomfortable’, the sight of Tony holding Mjölnir doesn’t fail to bring a smile to Bruce’s face.
“Get comfortable,” Steve tells him as they make their way towards the elevator once again. The door swooshes closed behind Steve as he faces his team, but his eyes are trained on Tony’s. “Do as you said by calling out patterns. Let JARVIS handle the rest. I don’t want you to strain yourself, Tony.”
Subtly clearing his throat as he turns to face the engineer once more, whatever Steve was about to say dies on his throat when he glimpses Tony’s closed-off expression.
“I haven’t really,” Tony pauses and purses his lips. After a moment, he finishes his sentence with, “Haven’t felt an inclination to go there recently.”
Tony shrugs. Kind as she may appear to be, he’s not going to blindly trust a stranger with his problems.
This time, Steve’s brows furrow. “You haven’t been sleeping again.” It’s more of a statement than a question, if the underlying tone of accusation is anything to get by.
Tony can feel the tingling in his damp and cramping fingers increase. Moisture drips from his temples and nose as his ruined dress shirt clings to his skin like a leech from the amount of sweat he’s produced.
This is the part where Tony makes a witty remark or calls Clint another variation of his codename, but Tony doesn’t rise to the bait. He doesn’t even smirk or roll his eyes. He just sits there and
“We do not speak your language,” Steve addresses the leader with a shake of his head. He takes a step forward. “What business do you have in our planet?”
“Sir was working for fifty-eight hours straight that time with little to no nutrition and an unhealthy amount of caffeine,” JARVIS offers then, the traitor.
They started drinking at around nine, first with a few bottles of Russian vodka, then slowly adding tequila and sake and whiskey as the night dragged. It was probably around past three in the morning when they stopped, and the last thing Tony remembered was giggling like a schoolgirl at Thor as Natasha drunkenly applies make-up on the Asgardian prince. His memories of last night’s shenanigans are a bit of a blur, especially after they started taking tequila shots and Tony lost count after he took his tenth.
He enters the communal kitchen in the dead of the night after a fifty-eight hour engineering binge to make himself a cup of coffee. Of course, he could’ve done it in the privacy of his workshop, but DUM-E accidentally broke the coffee pot in his enthusiasm to cater to Tony’s ill-advised request, much to JARVIS’s disapproval.
he thinks as he slowly makes his way to the bathroom to freshen up, shaking his head as the remnants of his dream (
Mjölnir tells him one day when Tony makes a hasty escape when he spotted Thor casually swinging the hammer in the kitchen island as the Asgardian munches on his third box of hot sundae pop tarts.
“Rhodey, Rhodey,” Tony calls out weakly. He waits until Rhodey’s concerned eyes meets his to say, “Sorry, buddy, but uh, I gotta go. Need to go to the bathroom. Uh, I think there was something in the tortilla dip that Clint made.”
Tony, who’s sitting on the plush couch of his penthouse and bundled up in thick layers of clothing and a woolen blanket, could do nothing except stare at Rhodey with a deer-in-the-headlights expression. The longer he didn’t respond, the deeper Rhodey’s frown gets, and Tony dislikes the guilt that simmers at the pit of his stomach upon realizing that he’s disappointed another important person in his life.
Natasha notes with morbid amusement when she hears Tony curse in Italian, the sound of the repulsors audible in the distance.
Still, he can’t bring himself to remember how they managed to end up where they are: a private karaoke room complete with a table filled with snacks and finger foods next to the open bar, which everyone minus Steve immediately took advantage of.
Steve just stares at Tony, and Natasha and Bruce trade looks before they look back at the engineer. From the kitchen, Clint and Thor remain silent.
“I was at the gym,” Steve says, although panic is starting to build in his chest. Fuck, there should
Tony, who’s uncharacteristically approaching the table with slow, almost timid steps, blinks owlishly at him.
Besides, it doesn’t matter now. Not anymore, anyway. What’s done is done, and he’s already made his decision. All Tony can do is make each second of this moment count and milk every look Steve’s giving him now.
“All this time you knew you could lift Mjölnir, yet you never said a thing,” Clint adds, head tilted in curiosity.
Silence reigns after that as Tony and the rest of his team becomes occupied with taking down the army of Chitauri. He helps Hulk in taking down the second Leviathan, however more of those alien bastards rappel from the warship.
From there, the others take turns requesting the AI to play songs as they seized the opportunity to educate both Steve and Thor on the evolution of music. What’s surprising is that in doing so, Steve learns more about his team.
“Healing is a long process, and the first step is always the hardest,” Steve gently imparts. He closes the remaining distance left until their chests touch, hands entwined by their sides. “This isn’t a race, Tony; there’s no deadline for this, either. We’re here for you, every step of the way, so take as much time as you need, okay?”
at his workshop, tinkering with whatever project he’s working on. But Steve and the others chose not comment, instead thinking that it’s probably another factor in Tony’s unusual behavior.
He sees Tony glance at him from the corner in his eye, but the mild-mannered physicist wills himself not to hunch further from his position of peering into the microscope as he examines the DNA of the creature they defeated the other day.
Smiling wryly, Tony ducks his head and shrugs helplessly. “I have decades’ worth of issues to overcome. I’m not gonna feel better about myself overnight ‘cos of a couple of heartfelt speeches. I’m not gonna wake up tomorrow and finally believe that I’m that person you guys preach about. But I suppose, what I’m trying to say is that… I
dancing a jig in their respective places at their worktables. Peter’s working on his web shooters while Tony’s doing some tweaks to his suit.
A few weeks has passed since Clint shared the news to Bruce and the rest of the team of Tony’s ability to wield Mjölnir. Bruce was startled, as were the others, while Thor, surprisingly, reacted favorably to the news. In fact, he was so thrilled that it took Steve using his Captain America voice to refrain the Asgardian from hunting Tony down and congratulating him for “being the first Midgardian and a fellow shield-brother who is worthy of his dear hammer”.
But before Tony can reply, the remaining creatures let out a collective roar, and that's when all hell breaks loose.
But upon waking up from the ice 70 years later and being made aware of the harsh reality that every single person he ever knew or cared about were either dead or dying, Steve can take comfort in the fact that living with five other people who he can count on to have his back whenever they’re called to assemble to fight the good fight would do that to you.
, too. For God’s sake, I’m not incapable of emotions; I feel them just as strongly as you do — but I hide them better than most. And yeah, it’s probably a mistake to do that. But that doesn’t give you the right to talk to me, or even
“Hello, Steven,” the Asgardian greets with a knowing grin at Steve, much to the super soldier’s embarrassment. Thankfully, Thor walks past him to stand next to Tony, heedful of the latter’s injuries as he places a careful hand on his shoulder. “Tony! How are you faring, my friend?”
. Tony, Clint, and Thor tag-teamed and baked a two-tier chocolate cake that ended up looking slightly burnt, yet it tasted delicious. Tony also dealt with the drinks; thankfully, he had a cellar located in the mansion he used to live growing up. He’s no connoisseur, but Tony has an extensive taste and knowledge, and since it was Steve’s first year in the twenty-first century that time, the engineer took three bottles of Macallan 1947 (
“Which brings me to my next point,” Tony interjects between huffs of breath as he fires repulsors at the alien bastards about to attack a group of tourists. “It’s like 2012 all over again. Also, since it’s a Thursday — #TBT, team! Go us!”
“Yeah, he did,” he agrees as he eyes the syringe with mild concern. “Uh, Bruce, what are you doing? What’s the needle for?”
“Befriending people at my age shouldn’t be a difficult job, Nat,” Steve says with a self-deprecating smile.
Steve does his best not to stare at Tony’s profile, so he forces himself to stare at the New York skyline before them, the glass-to-ceiling windows serving its purpose of giving them a magnificent view.
It’s Tony’s turn to sigh. Not knowing what else to say, he shakes his head and shrugs as he looks away from Pepper’s gaze.
“Don’t know what you’re talking about, Rogers,” Clint quips back as he takes a huge bite of his slice of pepperoni pizza.
. For all Tony knows, they’re probably worried that he’s going to have another dramatic outburst similar to this morning. If that’s the case, then fine, Tony can’t do anything about that.
Steve doesn’t remember how he and his teammates ended up in a karaoke bar at ten o’clock on a chilly October night, but the super soldier thinks that it has to do with the stressful week they had in tracking down one of the HYDRA bases SHIELD discovered. With another successful raid under their belt, Steve knows they more than deserve this night off.
In a too calm voice that even Tony thinks sounds suspicious, he replies, “Yeah? And what’s gonna happen after I get all my answers, J? What’s the endgame?”
Finally, after a long staring contest following his heartfelt declaration, Tony’s shoulders sag. Bruce remains silent as his friend lets out another sigh.
So it comes as a surprise when he’s halfway to the kitchen that he spots a lone figure standing in front of the floor to ceiling windows. Eyes squinting as it adjusts to the dark-lit room, it takes Steve a second longer to discern the person staring at the New York skyline.
, mind you — and he was surrounded in the same blue light before he dropped to the ground like a sack of potatoes. So excuse me if I
When Tony doesn’t pull away but blinks owlishly and looks up at him in shock at the gesture, it bolsters Steve’s confidence and he steps a few inches closer to the genius until their chests are half a foot apart.
“Do you do this often? Make hot cocoa?” Tony asks then, and it’s the curiosity in his voice that makes Steve meet his inquiring gaze with a slightly sheepish smile.
If Tony were sober, he would’ve said something sarcastic or come up with a crude joke. But as it is, he’s having the Worst Fucking Hangover since ’97, and the couch
Moving in sync, he and Steve stand back to back to fight the onslaught of Chitauri, the clang of Steve’s shield hitting its targets with precision before it soars back to him in time for Tony to swivel and aim his repulsors at the shield, the trajectory of the blast taking down a significant number of their enemy.
Tony’s brows furrow and, looking around at the still standing Chitauri, his frown deepens as dread coils in his gut. “The two minutes should’ve passed by now. The suit should’ve exploded and destroyed the mothership.”
“Not gonna lie, Tony. You gave us quite a fright, and we’re a bit disappointed,” he replies in a low voice. “But we’re not mad. We’re more relieved that you’re okay, actually.”
“Hey! There were several things going on at the same time, so forgive me if I didn’t have both of my eyes focused on Stark as I was a bit preoccupied not getting stabbed in the gut.”
busiest person Steve’s ever known in this century, but it’s apparent that Tony is one of the most caring and supportive people Steve has the privilege to know.
So regardless of the consequences he’ll face later, Tony counts this as a win. And he’s going to make the most of the time he’s got here before his teammates — and Pepper, and Rhodey,
But even then, his defenses aren’t completely lowered because, well, the few times he allowed himself to be totally vulnerable to people he cared about, he ended up having daddy issues before he hit puberty while one literally pulled the arc reactor from his chest.
“We’re doing our best to help accommodate Tony and his needs,” Steve answers earnestly. “Pepper, please believe me when I say that we all have his best interests at heart. We want the old Tony back just as much as you do.”
For example, last year he bought Clint one of the original Storm Trooper costumes from Disney (who bought Lucasfilm,
“Talk to her, Tony. There’s no harm in doing so,” Thor says softly. Then, with one last pat on the shoulder and a nod at Steve, the Asgardian turns and walks out of the workshop.
“Okay, but we compromise. Promise me that you’ll at least get a solid eight hours tonight? If you manage to get more, then I’ll be beyond thrilled.”
Addressing the AI, Bruce continues, “JARVIS, does this often happen to Tony when he’s in this state?”
As an answer, they hear the loud rumbling of thunder and the crackle of lightning before the Asgardian comes into view in his typical, outlandish way by sending a bolt of lightning to at least half a dozen Chitauri.
Steve’s throat is dry and tight, and he has the feeling that he won’t like what he’ll hear next. But God, he needs to know. He needs to understand. They all do.
At this, Tony stiffens, and Steve’s instantly on high alert when he notices the engineer white-knuckling the tablet in his hands.
Having left the Tower after three that afternoon, Tony’s been sitting in the bench and looking at the golden skies for the better part of two and a half hours now. He deliberately left his phone in his dresser, and he took the long way to avoid the surveillance cameras so he won’t be followed. Of course, Tony also knows that either Steve or Natasha will contact Pepper for the two-step authentication to bring JARVIS back online. Given the fact that his company’s CEO has a meeting until six o’clock, plus she needs to get in touch with Rhodey who's still in Afghanistan, Tony deduces that he has another hour or two before they find him.
“Tony,” Bruce interjects in a gentle voice, and the engineer averts his eyes from the others’ alarmed looks to the physicist’s forced calm demeanor. “Can you describe to me what’s missing? Clint is right, your arc reactor is there.”
He nods his head and takes a deep breath. “Right. Yeah. Thanks, Pep. You’re getting a raise.” He adds as an afterthought.
“Sir, I’ve told you before that it is me,” Jarvis interrupts Tony mid-rant, the taller man raising an eyebrow at the engineer when he scoffs. “And as I told you earlier, of course it’s happening in your head. But why should that mean —”
Thor nods solemnly in agreement, and Clint, looking more ashamed of his actions by the second, opens and closes his mouth a few times before he deflates.
Steve bites his lip, then he pulls up the camera app on his phone and selects the front-camera feature. Normally, Steve is not a fan of taking pictures of himself, but just this once he’ll indulge the genius. Mussing up his hair a bit, Steve angles his phone up and does his best version of a puppy pout. Lower lip jutting out nicely and blue eyes wide and innocent-looking.
Steve punches in the code and waits for the sliding doors to open before he walks in to collect Tony and Peter in time for dinner. He only makes it two steps into the lab when he stops in shock because of two things.
Yeah, I had sushi with Nakamura and his entourage. They’re good people, but being stuck in a room with them for ten hours straight is not my idea of spending five days here in Japan.
Try as he might, Steve is unable to hide his flinch at Pepper’s blunt words. Shame and guilt twists in his gut, and he knows he deserves to be called out on his behavior from before. After all, he’s just as liable as the others. From the corner of his eye, he can see Bruce shifting from foot to foot with a chagrined expression, while Natasha averts her eyes from them, remorse evident in the assassin’s eyes.
Tony rolls his eyes at him, and there’s a pang in Steve’s chest because it’s another thing the old Tony does. But Steve instantly pushes that thought away and focuses on the present. Old Tony, New Tony — he should probably drop that comparison. It’s completely inaccurate, anyway. Because in the past week and a half that he’s spent in the other man’s company, Steve’s started to figure out just what kind of person Tony Stark really is, and he
“Yeah. I mean, this is an entirely different direction, but it somehow correlates to whatever’s happening to Tony. It’s basically
By this point, he knows he’s grappling for answers to what may be the reason for his teammate’s current frame of mind, and Steve hopes against hope that Bruce will have a more concrete answer to their current predicament soon.
It seems that the archer’s words had some effect on Tony because he finally lifts his eyes for the first time in twenty minutes to look at the rest of the team’s concerned — and annoyed — expressions. Tony then turns his head to look at Clint, and Steve is horrified to see the agitation and
Just as Tony executes a somersault to avoid another blast of the energy-based guns, he sees the quinjet approaching and a familiar figure dressed in red, white and blue free falling, the sound of Steve whooping in delight clear over the comms.
Next, Tony lifts and waves his arms to see if he can move the rest of his body, and then his feet and legs, and he’s flooded with relief when his limbs and joints move without struggle, albeit a little sluggishly.
Steve hesitates for a moment, but finally he stutters out, “Um. I don’t know if you were aware, but you were kind of singing earlier. When you were standing in front of the fridge. Uh, I don’t know the song, but your voice — it sounded really nice. I mean, you have a very nice singing voice. Just, um, saying.”
“Thor, buddy, d’you mind if I speed things up? I don’t want to risk more of those things coming through the portal.”
“Remember when Tony mentioned about something missing in his chest? Something important, but he doesn’t know what?” When everyone carefully nods their head, Bruce continues. “Well, some of the results reveal that Tony’s heat signature is very unusual. It shows that he’s nearly 2 degrees colder than a human being’s normal temperature. But when I checked his vitals, they came out perfectly normal. Steve,” Bruce adds, looking at Steve imploringly and not giving them the chance to react to his words. “You mentioned before that you saw a blue light hit Tony and surround him, right?”
There’s a tightening in his chest when Bruce casually points out that he and Tony don’t get along, and in that moment Steve wishes that that weren’t true. It’s a well-known fact that he and Tony argue more than they agree, but in the past year and a half that they’ve been living under the same roof as the rest of the Avengers, Steve can freely admit that his relationship with the genius-billionaire has improved, if only marginally, and not in the way he would’ve liked nor expected.
“I’m afraid there are, Dr. Banner,” JARVIS replies, and Steve blinks because it shouldn’t be possible for an AI to sound so… solemn.
Before his eyes fall completely closed, he manages to catch a glimpse of Steve smirking as the man says just as quietly, “S’fine. Mine stinks, too.”
That… kinda sounds a lot like depression, Steve thinks. And it seems that Bruce is thinking along the same lines because the physicist is frowning at Tony.
part of a family. For a brief moment, he really thought that he found it in The Avengers. A group of broken people who, for some unknown reason, clicked when they first saved the world together, and decided to live under the same roof. Yeah, he has Pepper and Happy and Rhodey and his bots. He’s their family, too, and Tony loves them all so fucking much. But at the same time, Tony can’t help but be aware of the void in his chest. A void that he’s felt since he was a kid, since Howard destroyed the first prototype he created at age three, since Maria absentmindedly patted his head after he went to her for comfort following a nightmare. It’s an emptiness he’s learned to live with and ignore, but Tony knows it’s just waiting to be filled by something. Or someone. Or
Pepper rolls her eyes but doesn’t say anything. But if her knowing smile is anything to go by, there’s no doubt in Tony’s mind that she was able to read between the lines. She always does, anyway.
Thor claps him on the back with a beaming smile and Clint nudges Tony on the shoulder with a wink. As they maneuver around the kitchen to get started on their dinner, Bruce brushes past Tony to get the chopping board and knife. He gives Tony a small smile and a quick squeeze on the shoulder before he gets to work chopping onions and garlic.
“Tony,” Steve starts, his voice soft and fond, and Tony feels his insides turn to jelly upon hearing that tone directed towards him.
Steve sighs. Sad to say, that’s exactly what the old Tony would do, but the new (?) Tony they have now is making the super soldier — and the rest of the team — reevaluate what little they know about the genius-billionaire.
His heart swells when Tony’s expression shifts to a surprised, almost fond look. Before Steve can think of something else to say, his brain short-circuits when Tony steps closer to him, only to stand on his tip toes and press a soft kiss on the apple of Steve’s cheek.
“Not all of it, I’m afraid,” Jarvis replies apologetically, and Tony jerks his head to look at him in shock. The former turns to meet Tony’s startled eyes, and he impishly adds, “Yes, sir. I can hear your thoughts, but don’t worry. It’s nothing I haven’t heard before. And I must say, I agree with your assessment of Captain Rogers’ physique. He is, indeed, a fine specimen.”
Unsurprisingly, Rhodey is made aware of Tony’s predicament a day after Pepper’s visit, and the colonel’s frustrated shouting is incredibly telling, if the ongoing video call is anything to go by.
Still, regardless of those factors that make up a semblance of their day-to-day life in the Tower, Steve can’t help but be ashamed that he hasn’t really actively (or genuinely, for that matter) taken the initiative to
Tony looks at him with something close to understanding, for the other man replies, “Hey, no. It’s fine, no need to apologize. I mean, I’m probably the last person who’s gonna admit this, but I can’t imagine what this must be like for you.”
“I don’t know. I just know something important’s missing, and it hurts. Bruce, how can it hurt when I’ve never had it to begin with?”
From the corner of his eye, Steve notices the owner — a Ms. Norma Fletcher, a kind woman who’s seventy-three years young — looking at them with a fond smile. Steve catches Norma’s eye, who winks at him and gives Steve a
“Can’t believe I’m gonna say this but I never pegged you to be the type of person to completely zone out,” starts Tony, and he’s smirking as he takes a sip of coffee from his perched position on the kitchen counter. “If I had known I’d lose your attention while talking about the Energy Crisis, you should’ve said so.”
Tony meant it when he told Steve that he wasn’t going to magically heal or feel better about himself after the rousing speeches he received from their teammates. But then again, hindsight
“Nearly eight hours. I did warn you about the ventilation in your room, sir,” his AI adds in an ‘I told you so’ way, to which the engineer responds with a huff of breath.
“Huh, okay,” Tony replies. Steve inwardly cheers at the news, knowing that he’ll get to spend more time with the genius. “In that case, shuffle play on the current playlist, J.”
Tony forces himself to roll his eyes before he musters a cheeky grin. “Hells yeah, I’m sure! Sorry for, uh, worrying you? Nothing wrong, I swear. Just been a tiring week, is all.”
Tony blinks, jaw dropping in shock at his words. Despite his slackened expression, there’s no mistaking the tight lines around Tony’s eyes and mouth. Going back to his earlier purpose for coming down here, it’s clear to see that Tony’s in pain. It’s times like today — well, tonight, since the battle lasted for hours and debriefing at the Helicarrier took another hour and a half — that Steve hates not being able to be more useful. It hurts him to see Tony in pain, and though the injuries are not visible at the moment since he’s still in his undersuit —
Tony, who’s in the middle of jumping over the corpse of a Chitauri in order to aim a jumping roundhouse kick at another about to stab him, blinks a few times upon hearing the voices of his teammates over the comms. He absolutely forgot about communicating with them out loud since he started fighting with Mjölnir.
Tony shrugs. “Takes one to know one, I guess.” And the chuckle that escapes past Steve’s lips causes the engineer’s smile to widen a fraction, eyes crinkling at the sides.
He hears Tony grunt in acknowledgement before he twists his upper body, hand reaching out for the milk jug. Then, out of nowhere, Clint’s ears pick up the whooshing sound of
As for Tony, the genius billionaire has an unhealthy tradition of consuming at least three cups of coffee every morning, not taking into account his appalling lack of sleeping and eating habits. Over the months since they were invited to live in the Tower by the man himself, Steve’s surprised to find out that Tony is one of the kindest, most generous people he’s ever come across.
for the man. If there’s one thing Tony isn’t, it’s that he doesn’t do things halfway. It's either you go big or you go home, and Tony is far from doing the latter.
With the kid gone, Steve turns his attention to Tony and slowly walks over to the man who’s packing up the soldering iron.
But sadly, Tony’s so used to giving people what they want, to acting a certain way because they expect him to, that he’s forgotten what it’s like to be stripped bare of all the defenses he’s put up over the years. He’s forgotten what it’s like to truly connect with someone — to be open, to be honest.
away from it. Hell, he hasn’t even been to his workshop since he woke up. It’s deeply concerning because Tony is almost
With those past birthday celebrations in mind, Tony knows he has to step up his game. And that, regrettably, is where his mind comes up blank. It seems that the more he overthinks, the less he’s able to come to a decision on what to do.
they agreed upon. How could they be so careless? In a forced calm tone, Steve addresses the AI. “JARVIS, where is Tony?”
“— ‘that it isn’t real?’ I know that!” Tony interjects hotly. He stops in his tracks and points an accusing finger at the other man as he adds, “Also, I know for a fact that it was Albus Dumbledore from
“Hmm pretty much,” Tony utters instead, and Steve almost exhales in relief. “A coming-of-age movie, filled with late night road trips and perfect sunrises featuring a feel-good soundtrack. Basically the kind of movie that Clint hates but deep down it makes him curl up into a ball and cry like a baby.”
The thing is, if it were someone else, Tony wouldn’t have thought twice and just buy that person a ridiculously expensive gift that they want (but don’t need).
I know this chapter doesn't make up for the long hiatus, but I hope it was worth the wait. Unbeta'd, and all mistakes made are mine and mine alone. Thank you so much for your support and enthusiasm. It means a lot to me.
“Natasha, check his penthouse suite,” Steve orders. “Bruce, check his lab. Clint, the garage. Thor, you’re with me in checking the other floors. We’ll meet back here in twenty minutes. Otherwise, if you find something, use your comms.”
“Any chance people will get over this sooner than later?” Tony asks once they finished recounting what he’s missed since then.
Steve turns and looks over his shoulder, the two assassins looking up at the physicist who’s just stepped out of the elevator, Thor half a step behind him.
Tony’s lips draw in a tight line, and his next reply comes a little strained. “You’re not wrong on that, Bruce. But I — that is — I’m just letting you know how it feels. Okay? But I don’t, um, really think it’s depression.”
This time, when Tony looks up at her and their eyes meet, he doesn’t bother to hide his confusion when he registers the forlorn expression on his friend’s face.
Some days, he thinks this is a gift that the universe has bestowed upon him. He’s not one to look a gift horse in the mouth, after all.
“Well, he didn’t exactly specify what activities I should and shouldn’t do,” Tony reasons with a shrug. “So joke’s on him, really.”
“I used to, especially the first six months after waking up from the ice,” he replies easily. “These days? Not so much. But every now and then I’d find it hard to fall asleep. So it’s either I hit the gym and let off some steam by destroying a few punching bags, or I come down here and make myself a drink.”
As if reading his thoughts, she hears Tony say, “Already ahead of you, Cap. ETA fifteen seconds, Nat.”
“Sir is awake and is currently on his way down to the common area, Captain,” comes JARVIS’s response a second later.
“Tony?” Steve asks in a hushed tone, and in the stillness of the night his voice manages to carry throughout the room as it startles the man in question.
When he’s alone in the elevator, Steve leans heavily against the wall as he exhales loudly. Smiling goofily at the ceiling, he finds that he doesn’t mind this mating dance he and Tony are doing if it means they get to trade innocent kisses like this.
Steve shares a glance with Pepper across the room, the CEO currently involved in what looked to be an intense discussion with Natasha and Bruce. Pepper offers a smile at Steve, who quickly returns it before focusing his attention on Tony once more lest the genius thinks he’s not paying attention.
“Sure? Serious? Crazy? Sleep-deprived?” Tony ticks them off his fingers. When Pepper doesn’t say anything, only continues to look at him with a half-concerned half-proud look, the engineer sighs deeply before he drains his glass. “Yes to all, in case you’re wondering. But honestly, Pep? I don’t know what the fuck I was thinking when I decided, to, well. You know.”
“I still can’t believe that Bruce Hulked out at Avalon,” Tony comments with a chuckle. He’s swirling his straw around the contents of his second chocolate milkshake, arms resting on the table as he sips his drink. He chuckles once more and then says, “I’ve never seen Wanda look so horrified at getting a front view of Hulk Jr.”
Tony swallows inaudibly, his heart thumping a staccato rhythm against his ribcage. He lets out a long, slow breath and then raises a hand to his chest.
He’s the first to pack up so he tells Tony that he’ll wait for him at the elevator. He barely makes two steps out of the lab when Bruce hits something solid. He trips over, letting out an undignified noise as he falls to the ground.
I'm overwhelmed by your response. Thank you so much for all the comments and kudos! This chapter is nearly thrice the length of the first, so I hope it lives up to your expectations. Enjoy!
It’s only when the elevator doors close and it starts to ascend to Tony’s penthouse that Steve decides to break the silence.
Then all of a sudden, Natasha hears before she sees the crackle of lightning that appears from behind them. In the next second, Thor comes sweeping over the spider bots, swinging Mjölnir left and right before he releases a surge of lightning over the remaining bots so powerful that it hits two of the upturned vehicles and
Because like it or not, Steve now accepts the fact that Tony is a complex and flawed human being. Even better, Tony is his
is glancing their way every other minute or so. Granted, they’ve broken up months ago, and it was a mutual break up, too. But sometimes Steve can’t help but feel he’s being watched by the indomitable Pepper Potts.
. What you think — and feel — is valid. I mean, yeah, you still have a long way to go in terms of catching up, but that’s okay. Like you said, you’re still adjusting. But don’t think for one second that you don’t deserve to be here. Because you do. There’s a reason you survived that crash; there’s a reason why the serum worked and you were frozen for seventy years. Whatever those reasons are, it’s not for us to comprehend; we just gotta deal with the cards that we’re dealt with. Fact of the matter is: you belong here.”
“I think it’s a great idea, Tony,” Pepper finally says. She takes Tony’s hand in hers and squeezes his slightly shaking fingers, the engineer squeezing back and shooting her a smile of gratitude. Then she cocks her head to the side as she remembers something. “Come to think of it, you pretty much took my advice to heart.”
“Then should it not make sense that when this episode occurs his mind is someplace else?” Thor concludes with a final bite to his Strawberry pop tart.
There’s something peculiar in her expression that Steve catches sight of, but is unable to put a finger on what it is. He watches Pepper as she breathes out a long sigh. She closes her eyes and massages the bridge of her nose with a thumb and forefinger before lifting her head to look at them again.
Thor, either oblivious to their small exchange or not, just grins down at Tony and holds Mjölnir up.
Pepper’s bright blue eyes widen in shock at those words before they narrow, clearly not satisfied and a little suspicious at Tony’s half-hearted response. He sees her open her mouth to retaliate, but something makes her pause, instead opting to scrutinize Tony from head to toe. Tony, on the other hand, does his best not to fidget on the spot, but judging by the way he’s tapping his fingers against his thighs, and the way Pepper tracks his movements with a keen gaze, he knows he’s failed spectacularly.
Bruce only shrugged, but there’s a frown on his face when he said, “Though Tony’s tech is more advanced than theirs, I won’t be surprised if they got something up their sleeve. And I hope they do. For Tony’s sake, I really hope they do.”
Bruce doesn’t have an answer to that, and when the bespectacled man only shakes his head with a muttered “I don’t know, Tony”, he looks up to meet the rest of the team’s frightened expressions.
“You’ve been awake for approximately thirty-nine hours, sir,” announces JARVIS suddenly, and there's no mistaking the disapproval in the AI's tone.
Almost as if she knows, or has an inkling, of Steve’s more-than-platonic feelings for the man currently standing a little too close next to him. Not that Steve’s complaining.
“Yeah, Brucie?” He hears Tony ask, and he sounds like he’s half listening, the other man absorbed in breaking down the schematics of the spear-like weapon their enemy used to fight them.
“Indeed, Tony,” Thor adds who’s beaming widely at Tony. “In Asgard, warriors are often celebrated for our achievements in defeating our enemies. It is not so different here on Earth. Your valiant efforts deserve to be praised and celebrated, my friend, and my dear hammer agrees.”
approaching from behind. But before he can move or react, Clint witnesses the whole thing in slow-motion.
He pours himself a second cup and turns to leave, but not before he takes a final glance at Mjölnir innocently lying face down on the countertop.
“Bruce, what — wait, Bruce!” Steve calls out after the retreating scientist, baffled at the nervous excitement he’s just witnessed his teammate exude.
?” Clint exclaims with an incredulous look aimed at the Norse god. “Thor, ‘disturbing’ is you eating a minimum of two boxes of pop tarts a day. A
Steve reluctantly steps back, already missing the closeness as he lets his fingers slip free from Tony’s. The latter quickly walks to the small bathroom situated in the corner of the workshop so he can change out of his undersuit. It only takes a few minutes before Tony comes out dressed in faded jeans and a grey MIT sweater. When he reaches Steve’s side, who didn’t move from his position, Tony doesn’t hesitate to reach out and tangle his calloused fingers around Steve’s left hand. The super soldier blinks, startled but secretly delighted at the bold gesture. Tony doesn’t say anything so Steve keeps his mouth shut, however he takes great pleasure in seeing the genius blush, the tips of his ears pink.
“Sir,” JARVIS acknowledges with a lilt in his voice. “Ms. Potts is with Captain and the others at the common area.”
“Who says I was trying to beat Clint?” Tony says with a lopsided grin, his whiskey-colored eyes bright with undisguised affection.
“That day wasn’t the first time I wielded M,” Tony reveals lightheartedly, relishing in the view of their jaws dropping open in shock at his words. Rubbing his neck, a trait he likely adapted from Steve, Tony continues. “Yeah, the first time it happened was nearly three weeks before that day, and I did it by accident."
Once Bruce and Tony are seated — the former settling beside Steve and the latter taking the vacant one opposite him — they start to pile up their plates with the food Natasha and Steve prepared. The super soldier keenly observes Tony carefully spoon oatmeal onto his bowl, how he hesitates for a fraction of a second before he picks up the container of maple syrup and pouring a significant portion into his oatmeal. From the corner of his eye, Steve notices Bruce wince at the amount of maple syrup Tony just poured, but his focus shifts to Tony’s again when the engineer added almonds and a few berries onto the bowl before he starts to mix them together at a slow pace.
. He’s America’s golden boy. It’s probably why he got the Captain America title in the first place. Maybe. But whatever, that’s a subject Tony will mull over for another time, he’s got priorities right now. Anyway, Steve is Steve, and Tony honestly admits to himself (
Tony thinks, trying hard not to shudder at the feel of what he thinks is the reptilian flesh of Jarvis’s hand still settled heavily on his shoulder as if in warning.
“We were having a moment, you ass,” Bruce ends up saying with a lopsided smile. “I didn’t have to say all those things, but I did it out of love because you’re my best friend.”
“Because I’ve taken off his suit and he’s breathing. It’s labored and shallow, though, so he probably has a few broken ribs.”
But instead of the aromatic smell of black coffee permeating the air, Tony startles awake when he hears the mug smash into a hundred pieces. Brows furrowing, Tony blinks twice and looks at his hands.
Sorry this is a few days late. But hey, a longer chapter - yay! Thanks for the comments, kudos, and bookmarks!
“Don’t move!” Tony snaps at her before he repulsors a lamp post off his legs before getting up to approach her prone form. “J, scan for injuries. I don’t want to move her unless anything critical’s been hit. Also, where the hell is Thor?”
He didn’t get that growing up. Howard was either locked up in his workshop, or preoccupied holding out searches for Captain America, or too drunk to even remember he had a fucking kid. And Maria was a textbook mother, only present when she was needed or felt obligated to be there for Tony, but mostly left the responsibilities a mother should shoulder to their hired help. So Tony grew up being raised by Jarvis, the human butler he named after his AI. He doesn’t resent him for that,
There’s a short pause before the AI responds. “There is a portal that opened near the Chrysler Building. Based from the heat signatures, the creatures that are stepping out from it are the same from that day when Sir was hit.”
“Not all good-byes have to be sad.” Steve hears Tony say in time. He blinks and inclines his head at Tony, who sighs almost wistfully as brown doe eyes roam around the spacious hall.
They all decided to settle on a jazz club-like theme, so it was all warm lights and snazzy decor, with the combined efforts of Natasha and Bruce decorating the place earlier. Clint and Thor tag-teamed once again, but this time they were in charge of the food (they had all of Steve’s favorites cooked by a hired chef, of course) and drinks, stocking the bar with the best and strongest alcohol. The engineer himself contributed by taking charge of the evening’s playlist, sticking closely to Steve’s favorites, the music playing from a jukebox. Tony also rented a photo booth that prints the photos in sepia tone that gives a 40s feel to it, as well as set up three rounds of fireworks displays that’ll go off in intervals during the duration of the party.
Tony Stark doesn’t normally thank people. When he does, it’s usually said with sarcasm or in an offhanded manner. So what the hell was that?
Steve snorts at the obviously poor attempt to make fun of him, but nonetheless he smiles sheepishly at the brunet sitting opposite him.
“I have to disagree with you on that last bit, Captain. The way you, and the others, have treated him the past year and a half prior to his accident say otherwise.”
Sure, Nat’s come a long way to letting her walls down around them, but they are all aware that there are still so many layers to the redheaded assassin that even Steve knows it’ll take a long time for them to completely
He plays the last note and holds it for a few seconds before letting go. All throughout, not once did he avert his gaze from Steve, and Tony marvels at the mere fact that he managed to not fuck up.
They’re all in the communal floor one night after spending most of the afternoon thwarting off another alien invasion. JARVIS had ordered them dinner while they showered off the filth and grime from the afternoon’s battle, so when Steve arrives last he’s greeted with the sight of his team sitting around the coffee table in the living room. Boxes and cartons of takeout is scattered around them, an entire box of pizza already empty by Thor’s side.
“You look weird without the beard, man,” the archer comments. Before Natasha or Pepper can tear him a new one for his lack of
Tony smirks, looking up at Steve for a brief moment. “The kid’s been begging me for months to play his work playlist.”
And then he turns his back on Tony to open one of the cupboards above the sink, rummaging for whatever food he’s craving for. Gaping open-mouthed for several seconds, Tony snaps his mouth shut, mind racing at what he’s just heard.
Steve coughs at the declaration and mutters “Bullshit”, but he smiles innocently when Tony shoots him a dirty look.
As they begin to walk towards the same direction the engineer was walking on earlier, Tony wonders if he’ll remember any of this when he wakes up.
Steve tilts his head in thought as he ponders on the question for a moment longer. Eventually, he settles with, “Gotta say, Tony, that question got me thinking. But I’d go with the hot cocoa, only because it’s the same way my ma used to make, save for a couple of ingredients. She made me this drink whenever I was sick, which was pretty often. And I suppose I associate it with comfort and safety, so I guess it makes sense that I’d seek this out whenever I can’t fall asleep.”
“You know better than to take Clint up on that,” Steve chastises gently, although he can’t help but smile in amusement at the obvious regret in Bruce’s movements. “He can drink any of us under the table.”
Don’t get him wrong. It’s still difficult to come to grips with it, and some days he regrets ever entertaining those kind of thoughts about himself because
They’re in the middle of fighting an army of robotic spiders (the irony is not lost on her) when she hears Clint’s panicked voice over the comms, the archer perched somewhere high as always.
Well, a lot of things could’ve gone wrong, and in the grand scheme of things it’s a small price to pay. Still, Tony can’t help but groan, much to his teammates’ amusement. He hears Steve chuckle beside him before leaning over to press a lingering kiss on Tony’s temple.
Nearly two months have passed since the first incident it happened, and Natasha is nowhere near to witnessing Tony lift the alien weapon. Under other circumstances, she’d try to convince Thor to goad Tony to lifting the war-hammer, but since that first attempt over one of their team dinners, and the stern talking to they got from Steve after Tony escaped to his workshop, Natasha thought that sometimes respecting people’s boundaries is better than forcing the issue on them.
Tony allows a small smirk to grace his features before he nods. With one last meaningful look, the elderly woman nods at him once more before she turns and walks away. Tony remains in his spot for a while longer, contemplating the interesting — and enlightening — conversation he just had.
Tony doesn’t say anything, except to clutch tighter to the cotton fabric of Steve’s shirt as he lets out another sob and allows himself to be comforted by his teammates.
“Tony, you could be on to something,” Bruce speaks up then, and Steve averts his eyes from Tony to look at the bespectacled man who looks like he’s just discovered a breakthrough. “Would it be okay with you if you go through another MRI scan? I can use the results I got from before you woke up, but I’d like to see if there’s a difference between then and now. We can also pull up your last MRI results from before your attack. See if there’s a dissimilarity between them.”
to do, is a huge difference from all the other public figures who do, or attempt to do, the same thing.”
ass is gorgeous,” Steve retaliates dumbly. He knows it’s a weak one, but his mind is still repeating the part where Tony just admitted he loves his ass, even if the latter’s smirk melts into a bashful expression.
Fortunately, the Other Guy is pleased with that approach, too. At least that’s another thing they both agree on.
Steve’s jaw is hanging open in shock, and from his peripheral vision he sees Thor and Clint doing the same while Natasha’s lips are pursed into a thin line.
“Okay, I have a very valid reason, and given the dire circumstances, I figured it’s better to ask for forgiveness than to ask permission,” Tony starts to say in a placating tone.
His body is trembling like a leaf by this point, his eyelids heavy with exhaustion. It certainly doesn’t help that Tony is awfully reminded of the gaping hole in his chest, that’s also somehow the cause of some really freaky chills that he’s felt since yesterday. Distantly, Tony hears JARVIS murmur something to him, but his mind is so far away from reality now, brain fuzzy with lethargy and feeling too snug buried under his thick comforter, reassured that his AI has done his bidding.
“Ineffective, sir, unless Mr. Odinson can hold his position for an indeterminate length of time in order to destroy the mothership.”
That question, although innocent, ends up becoming the tipping point of Tony’s emotional turmoil this past week.
“He trusts Bruce!” Clint points out, trying to sound helpful. Then he turns to the physicist, who’s looking a little green, and the archer recoils slightly at the deep frown aimed his way. “Uh, you guys are Science Bros. Right?”
Then Tony beams at him, and it’s such a dazzling smile that it makes Steve’s heart soar and expand at the same time. God, how much he loves this beautiful, stubborn, brilliant man.
If anyone asks what he was thinking in that moment, Steve wouldn’t be able to give them a proper answer. But deep down, he knows. He gave in to the urge and just… finally leaned in.
“Fuck yeah,” he says with a loud exhale. “Like the hobbits returning to The Shire. Or Bilbo after parting ways from the dwarves. Part of the journey’s the end, after all.”
Steve laughs and he shakes his head, a fond smile gracing his handsome features before he pulls Tony into a tight hug. Tony makes an ‘oomph’ sound, but he doesn’t hesitate to hug the taller man back.
Steve’s heart warms at the easy affection that has grown between them this past month. The relief at seeing Tony safe and unharmed is apparent on the others’ body language, and Steve realizes that it wasn’t just him who made a conscious decision to set aside their disappointment and anger at the stunt the genius pulled this afternoon.
There’s a pause before the AI responds. “Yes, Captain. His vitals show that it’s 1.5 degrees lower than the last scan Dr. Banner did.”
“Do you think that could be part of what you’re missing? When you first woke up, you said that you were missing something. Could that be part of it?” the super soldier inquires. Somehow, he must’ve said something right — or wrong — because suddenly the air shifts as the implication of his question registers in everyone.
“I know that look,” Steve remarks quietly. “I’ve seen that look more often than I want to, and it hurts every time I catch a glimpse of that expression on your face. I know you, Tony, and you shouldn’t be so hard on yourself. I won’t even pretend to know or understand what’s bothering you, but I — I worry about you. We all do. All the time. And I, I just want to help you, in any way I can. If you’ll let me, that is.”
Pepper snorts. “You have to admit, as far as reckless stunts go, this is one of his tamest. Easily a Level 3.”
But it’s fine. It was a small price to pay for this kind of freedom. The anonymity is… nice. It’s more than nice, it’s
Well, if he’s being honest, it’s mostly thanks to Tony and his AI JARVIS, really. He considers it a miracle that he hasn’t mentally collapsed from information overload. Sure, he’s been defrosted for nearly two years now, and sure, he’s got the serum running through his veins that’s helped enhanced
It takes him a few tries to swallow past the lump forming in his throat to croak out a reply. “I just — I didn’t think it was that important.”
“What do you mean?” Tony queries with a raised brow. He hides a wince, remembers that he’s still wearing the sunglasses. He probably looks like an arrogant ass.
Tony was so lost in his thoughts that he didn’t realize he was quiet for too long, causing Pepper’s already concerned expression to deepen, the beautiful woman’s face scrunching up further. When he feels a gentle hand settle on his shoulder, Tony jerks slightly and looks up. Though startled at the contact, he finds himself leaning into Pepper’s touch, welcoming the familiar touch with a small sigh.
The sight of Tony clutching Mjölnir, albeit uncomfortably, while in his Iron Man suit easily outshines the throbbing pain coursing through her in that moment.
) can take his time roaming around the place and taking in each artwork to his heart’s content. Then on his actual birthday, they celebrated it by spending a long weekend at the engineer’s Hamptons residence, where everyone — including Pepper, Rhodey, Happy, Jane Foster, and Darcy Lewis — ate and drank until their eyes crossed (except for Bruce and Rhodey who elected to be the “responsible adults”; and also Steve because of the super serum) around the campfire they made, and then went night swimming afterwards.
Natasha raises an eyebrow at that information. “What kind of party were you at to be listening to this music while pissed drunk?”
The image of Tony’s melancholy expression from earlier is the last thing that Steve sees before he falls into a fitful sleep.
Despite the exhaustion making itself known again, Tony feels as light as a feather as he thinks with a dopey smile,
Jarvis has somehow become privy to his deepest, darkest, most intimate secrets. He's never felt this exposed in his life — oh wait, that's not true. “What the fuck. Is this even happening in my head? Are you even
Whiskey-colored eyes suddenly open wide, but he’s greeted with darkness. Turning his head left and right, then up, his body goes along with the movement in a sluggish motion. Still, there’s nothing — and all he’s greeted with is darkness.
Tony meets his dazed expression with a smug smirk as the genius shrugs and states, “Have you seen yourself from behind, honey? I love your ass. It’s gorgeous, a national treasure, in my humble opinion.”
Before she knows it, two things happen at once. One — the upturned vehicles exploded, thus destroying the bots closest to Natasha, but she was also caught in the crossfire. So when she feels something hit her leg, and when she feels her bones break, she’s unable to fight off a scream. Second — one moment she’s flying through the air and the next she registers Iron Man’s arms wrapped around her frame before they both tumble to the ground in a graceless heap.
Steve and Thor laugh out loud when Bruce, Tony, and Nat simultaneously raise their middle fingers to Clint, the archer blowing each of them a kiss before he starts to sing in a surprisingly good voice.
Jarvis glances at Tony from the corner of his eye, an impish smile gracing his face as he answers, “I’m not omniscient, sir, but I’m certain whatever is meant to happen will happen.”
Pepper grins, and Steve fights down the shiver at the thought of being on the receiving end of such an intimidating, but beautiful, smile.
A year ago, the redheaded assassin hadn’t felt comfortable enough to let down her guard around the them, excluding Clint since they’ve known each other before the Initiative. Now, though, after everything they’ve been through — the battles they fought, the close calls every single one of them encountered — Steve thinks it was all worth it to see them come this far.
who approached Steve and extended an olive branch, not the other way around. It’s not to say that Steve was afraid — well, okay, he was partly afraid — but it’s more of him being anxious of making a first impression that often prevents him from building new bridges.
butler — turns on the air-condition. Tony doesn’t know how long he was asleep, but it must’ve been for several hours if the darkening sky is anything to get by. “W-what time is it?”
“Huh? Oh, I’m going to take another blood sample,” Bruce replies as he gingerly takes hold of Tony’s left arm. He swabs a cotton over Tony’s forearm before taking hold of the syringe and carefully extracting blood. It takes less than a minute, Steve silently observing his friend withdraw the needle then swab another cotton to wipe off the excess blood and applying a bandaid over it.
After Rhodey hangs up with the promise of Pepper updating him later, Clint grumbles under his breath while Natasha lets out a soft sigh. Bruce leans his hip against one of the worktables as he massages his temples. Thor casually swings Mjölnir in his grip.
The elderly woman snorts. “That, and he wasn’t the best at communicating. Had to wrestle it out of him sometimes, but it was always worth it in the end.” A wistful smile graces her face.
Tony winks at him, not hesitating to say in a conspiratorial tone, “Oh, that’s not the only thing I've got planned for tonight.”
“I know it’s bothering you,” Bruce says softly. When Tony’s doubtful eyes meet his a second time, Bruce can’t help the wave of compassion he feels for his friend just then, the Other Guy rumbling at the back of his mind. “But what I don’t know is
“No, it means that not everything is about you,” Natasha intervenes, but there’s a quirk in her lips that means she’s teasing Steve.
“Yeah, you did. You gave me a home and supported me in adjusting to a century I don’t belong in. Sometimes, I feel that I don’t deserve—”
Steve doesn’t even pretend to understand those references. He just shakes his head and pushes himself from the wall he’s been leaning against for the past hour.
Steve looks up to see Tony walking towards them before dropping inelegantly on Steve’s other side. Steve allows himself a few seconds to relish in the warm physical contact of Tony pressed up against him from shoulder to knee before he reigns in his emotions. He doesn’t think he succeeds, though, if Bruce’s sympathetic expression is anything to go by.
After giving Tony painkillers for his still tender ribs, and then leaving the room to allow the engineer to rest, the rest of the team congregates to the communal living room, where they finally chose to verbalize their thoughts of what they just witnessed earlier. To say that Steve was concerned about the sudden turn of events in regards to one genius billionaire would be an understatement.
the one who’s sorry.” Tony blinks in shock, but Steve carries on, shifting to take Tony’s other hand in his and entwining their fingers together. Funny, that the first time he makes a move like this, it’s in the middle of an argument. “I didn’t mean— I never meant to offend or belittle you because that’s the last thing I’d ever do to you, Tony. God, it’s been a crazy night and I probably didn’t verbalize my thoughts properly, so, uh, let me try again?” At Tony’s cautious nod, Steve lets out a breath in relief and lightly squeezes his fingers before he soldiers on. “The thing is, Tony: I
You live your whole life looking over your shoulder to see who would backstab you, only to realize at the last second it was right in front of you all along.
“Fury isn’t exactly known for his patience,” Steve says with a smirk. He takes out a loaf of bread and two kinds of cheese before closing the fridge with a gentle nudge of his hip. “SHIELD may have the resources, but even Fury wouldn’t be willing to assign an agent or two to specifically bring me up to date on everything I missed. Grilled cheese sandwich okay with you?”
Thor glances at them with amusement. When a minute passes and nobody has spoken a word, the Asgardian huffs out in exasperation before setting Mjölnir down on top of a StarkPad. Steve knows that Thor is aware that Tony will react negatively to it because
Steve enters the workshop and stares at the stubborn genius with a reproachful look. Annoyed as he is, the super soldier can’t help the rush of affection when Tony, who’s hunched over one of the tables and fiddling with one of the gauntlets, glances up and looks at him like a kid that was caught with his hand in the cookie jar. His expression quickly shifts as he grins roguishly at Steve.
Squeezing his eyes shut, Tony feels more tears escape, and he lets out a sound between a sob and a whine, the sound muffled as Tony buries his face further into Steve’s cotton-clad chest.
Grunting with the effort of disabling another spider bot, Natasha calmly states, “No use, they’ll easily outrun me. But I could use a lift.”
“Don’t stop believing, hold on to that feeling!” Clint belts out exuberantly into the microphone as he dances on the small stage with abandon, his tenor voice drowning out the others’ as they sang along.
Steve’s frowning as he tosses the towel in the laundry basket before quickly grabbing his phone and leaving his room.
“Up and down the boulevard!” Natasha joins in before swinging a bottle of vodka to her lips and chugging down a third of the contents down her throat.
“You’re not alone in this, Tony,” Steve murmurs, and there’s a promise in his tone that the engineer doesn’t miss.
Natasha cocks her head and hums contemplatively. Thor grins, as he always does. Bruce blinks twice before pinching the bridge of his nose.
Steve’s eyebrows lift in mild surprise when he notices that Tony’s wearing a thick, grey sweater, plaid pajama pants, and white socks.
As he slowly loses consciousness, the last thing Tony remembers is Steve, awe and concern warring over his bright blue eyes as he continues to hold Tony in his arms, a beatific smile on his grimy but beautiful face.
“I—uh, I don’t. I mean, I…” His voice trails off and he huffs out a breath before he tries again. Like his companion, Tony turns to look ahead of him before he eventually utters, “There’s no burden. I’m just… puzzled.”
Steve snorts into his Oreo milkshake, and Tony erupts into laughter when milkshake trails from the super soldier’s nostrils. Once Steve has wiped his nose and mouth clean with the napkin Tony handed him, he glares at his companion, which didn’t have any effect as Tony only laughs harder. It doesn’t take long for Steve’s glare to melt in exchange for an exasperated sigh, lips twitching in amusement as his chest swells with affection for the other man.
“That, I assure you, am perfectly aware of,” answers Jarvis after a long period of silence has passed. Well, long enough for Tony to calm down enough from his tirade, the genius engineer looking at the face of the man who once loved and cared for him like his own with a mixture of uncertainty and sorrow.
He would’ve said more, but the chills are getting worse and he needs to find a way to cut this conversation short, no matter how much he wants to continue chatting with his best friend.
So between dates, board meetings, engineering binges, training with his team — and on occasion with Mjölnhir — plus saving the world every other week, the futurist in him thinks that all the pieces will fall into place eventually. On top of that, the hopeful optimistic part of him also thinks that the best is yet to come.
The creature shakes its head and then speaks in that same, foreign language. Then it slowly raises its arm. The arm that has the weapon that hit Tony in its tight grasp.
It’s obvious that Steve doesn’t believe him — seriously? He can lie better than this, but oh well, it’s just not his week — and after another minute of studying Tony in contemplation, he notices Steve’s shoulders droop slightly as he nods his head once.
“On your six, Tin Man,” Clint’s worried voice cuts in. “Though they’re not even running, more like walking leisurely towards you. What the hell.”
know you. Well, I know all the parts you’ve shown us all these years, and yeah, I may not know you as well as Rhodey and Pepper, but I like to think that what I’ve garnered from my own interactions with you all these years is as just valid. The point I was trying to make earlier is that though you may choose to shoulder your problems on your own because they
praises. It’s such a weird fucking reality he’s living now, and to be honest Tony doesn’t know how to cope with that much enthusiastic
“Sir,” Jarvis’ voice interrupts Tony’s current train of thought, bringing the engineer back to the present. “If I may suggest, Miss Potts might be able to aid you in your current predicament.”
Steve, aware that his teammate is currently having an internal conversation with a sentient weapon (good God, how is this his life? The future is
what the hell he’s wearing, but based on the texture of the cloth he’s guessing it’s his suit’s under armor. Then, he notices that he’s barefoot, which is weird, because he
“Yes, Sir, it did,” JARVIS replies. If possible, amusement is laced in his tone as he adds, “Would you like a playback of what transpired for further proof?”
No suit, no gauntlets — Tony’s more vulnerable than ever. Lungs burning and energy depleting by the second, he knows he won’t make it to Steve and Nat on time. The Chitauri are still approaching, and it doesn’t take a genius like Tony to figure out why they’re closing in on him in particular. They obviously want his head for what he did to their army four years ago.
“Sir only experiences tachycardia when he sleeps this fitfully, Dr. Banner,” JARVIS replies after a slight pause. “Reviewing previous scans from the past three weeks since sir’s accident, data indicates that when he’s not going through this episode, his heart rate is that of a normal human being’s.”
, rather Tony absolutely adored him to bits. It broke Tony’s heart when Jarvis died a few years after he was named CEO of Stark Industries, and there were days when he wished he exerted more effort in being there for the man who loved him and raised him when he needed him the most.
In the distance, Thor and Hulk’s figures jump from the ship in time to avoid being burned alive, though the former probably won’t be affected.
“Yeah, uh, you’re doing pretty well, Tin Man. Cap, no need to get your panties in a twist — Tony’s holding his own just fine. Great moves, too, and really flexible. All that training with Nat paid off, eh?”
Well, Steve’s ma, Bucky, and the Howling Commandos did say his stubbornness was going to bite him in the ass one day. It seems like that day has already come.
“Guess I deserve that,” he comments. When his AI doesn’t answer, Tony leans back as his shoulders slump. “I’m sorry, buddy. I didn’t mean to— well no, that’s a lie. I
Steve looks up in time to see Tony, back turned to him, gently settling the hammer down on the workbench.
“Did anyone—” he rasps out. It’s only now he realizes that his throat is dry and his voice is hoarse from talking out loud and to himself for the past half hour.
to be his fellow comrades, is when they misinterpret Tony’s genuineness for, well, whatever the fuck it is that goes on in their heads. Nothing good, obviously.
Natasha, who’s sitting closest to him, leans forward and slaps the archer right across the face. The others wince at the loud smack of skin hitting against skin, but Steve doesn’t feel the least bit sorry for Clint as he swears loudly and massages his burning cheek.
Tony opens and closes his mouth a few times, but no word comes out, and that alone causes Steve’s worry to deepen. Frowning, he takes a tentative step towards the smaller man, and Steve silently sends a prayer of thanks when Tony doesn’t back away. In fact, he seemed to
Something twinges in Steve’s chest, and his only response is to rub soothing circles on Tony’s back, one hand moving up to lightly grip his nape in comfort. He feels Tony’s fingers clutching the front of his shirt, and after a while he hears the engineer sniffle against his neck.
“Disengage, J,” Tony swiftly cuts him off again as he punches a Chitauri in the guts before shooting him with a repulsor blast in the face. “Start the countdown for the suit’s self-destruct in two minutes once I’m out of it. That’s an order.” He adds in his sternest tone.
Given the fact that he’s also recognizable with his signature goatee, the genius had no qualms shaving it off as well. Really, it was starting to itch anyway. And being clean-shaven for the first time in,
“Welcome to the twenty-first century, Cap,” Clint says with a smirk. “You’d be surprised that you’re not the only one who doesn’t know how to make friends.”
that expression. That look should never have graced Tony’s face in the first place. Fortunately, Steve’s also a stubborn man; if he has to spend the rest of his life making Tony see that he is a person of value and worth, that there are so many people who love and care about him, then Steve will make it his mission to do so. Because if there’s one thing that he can’t stand, it’s to see the man he loves suffer in silence over his fears and insecurities.
Natasha and Bruce straighten in their seats. Even Steve finds himself surprised at his own words as he blinks a few times. He doesn’t know what Clint and Thor’s expressions are, but judging by the lack of movement behind him, he’s certain that they’re both attentive to the conversation taking place in the living room.
Steve sets aside his sketchbook, a half-drawn outline of a bakery from Brooklyn in the ‘40s, and he stands up from the couch to stretch. He walks to the stereo where his beloved iPod is currently plugged. He scrolls and selects a random playlist and hits shuffles.
