Cas had quickly decided to live his new human life enjoying every indulgence allowed to him. He spent the first hour after waking up enjoying the hot cup of coffee Dean offered him and lathering more jelly than appropriate on top of the peanut butter that was spread on the slice of bread on his plate. It had been a while since he last tasted this as anything more than molecules, and as he was swallowing the first bite of the sandwich, he thought he might have actually gone overboard. The thick peanut butter coated his gums and tongue and the sweet jelly caused little explosions of flavor on his taste buds.
"I'll guide you in your first steps, but then, you must learn how to live in peace. Humans are not our enemies," Castiel said as he walked around them.
Castiel tilted his head, and Toth raised his right hand, a shining light came out from it, and it became brighter and bigger. Dean opened his eyes, horror clearly in them. He jumped towards Castiel trying to push him away from that light, but it was too late. The strange power consumed them together, and then disappeared.
Dean woke up too but he dressed up in a second.
The man walked out of the forest and turned around to Dean. "I… I can't remember. I don't remember anything…"  As the man spoke, his eyes darted towards the camp.
Geralt can't believe he is about to help Jaskier with such a silly social video. Maybe because Jaskier is too gorgeous and stubborn.
"What are you doing to me, Dean Winchester?" Castiel asked, moving his body against Dean's.
"Yeah. Maybe Rufus can tell us if he knows where you are from or something. We'll depart in the afternoon." Dean smiled at him, and placed a hand on his shoulder. Dean let the touch linger, then squeezed Emmanuel’s shoulder softly before leaving. Emmanuel felt that warm sensation in his chest again.
"What does it mean??!! Where's Castiel!?" Michael yelled.
Dean recognized the silhouette revealed by the moonlight coming from the small window in his cabin. It was Castiel.
He rubbed his eyes thoughtfully, still drowning in lingering desire. He really wanted Castiel to take everything from him.
Until Eileen saw Dean and Castiel were holding hands in the car, and quickly, she bumped her elbow on his boyfriend to make him see the scene too. Sam smiled widely and winked at Eileen.
"Who's Naomi?" Dean's voice sounded like thunder, it caught Toth's attention.
"I… saw something in you that can't be explained with words…" Castiel frowned confused, "A…
Jaskier has a crush on a gorgeous customer from his coffee shop, and also bad excuses to start a conversation with him.
"What about…
) He licked his own. What was this?
"They're recovering their memories. You're screwed.!" Dean chuckled.
"That's because
Dean swallowed, and, trying to prevent his voice from cracking, said, "I… I can't believe you forgot everything… you… and me…" Yeah, give him the Hallmark movie crap! "We're friends." Dean uncovered his left arm, showing Cas the handprint. Immediately after seeing it, Castiel's eyes widened in horror, and he stepped away. Dean drew in a breath as if he were doing it for the first time.
Dean closed his eyes, fighting his arousal. "Cas, Cas please, listen. You have to remember," he tried, slowly opening his eyes to face him.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Do you think we can have another appointment later, Doc?" Dean chuckled.
Castiel grinned when he heard Dean saying those words, "And you can call me Emmanuel…"
////////////
"Thank you so much, you are too kind," Dean nodded.
"Is in charge of the camp." Dean said, with pride in his voice.
It was glorious. Castiel was reaching climax, his wings shaking, light flickering. "You are mine… mine," he uttered as he came inside of him. Dean followed close behind.
Tom helps Harry by faking they're in a relationship.
, right now, and make you mine."
Dean tried to explain the complexity of the war between humans and angels. With no God around, Heaven had fallen into a civil war. All the archangels had died, only Michael had survived and was now the new God. He was the most unmerciful creature in the entire universe. The angel's destroyed Hell and all the demons. And now, for one entire century, they had been trying to exterminate humanity. But the humans were resisting.
!" Dean shouted.
"I don't know…" replied Dean, bewildered. "Something is really wrong."
"Who are you?"
(See the end of the chapter for
," Dean chuckled amused.
Castiel grimaced impatiently,  and kneeled down close to him, "You keep saying nothing, but you are feeling pain. And why did you have to go alone to hunt?"
"Maybe," the angel echoed, and that was the sign. Dean closed the gap between their lips and placed a sweet, tender and needy kiss.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean crossed gazes with him and smiled, "Me too. Something is telling me we are close. You came to deliver me that message."
It was perfect.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I don't know you, and I have to return to my duties," Castiel said, turning around to leave, but Dean stopped him again, grabbing his shoulder roughly.
Nervousness he said? He wasn't nervous, at all!
Dean took the red wine tailcoat, and put his hat on. He smiled pleasantly when he watched his reflection in the mirror.
I wanna say thank you to my wonderful beta @100yearsofsolipsism. Without her this would be a mess lmao.
"Hi, I'm… Dean Winchester, and… Ahm… My mom is Mary Campbell, she's…" but the man cut him off.
They arrived in London, and the man pointed him to the Campbells residence at the side of the road. The city was huge since Dean had never been there, and he had never been there in the Regency era. So, he knew he had to be very discrete and meticulous.
Hi there! Written for Writersmonth 2021. Day 15. Word: Edge. Setting: Soulmates AU. This is time for some Destiel mini fix it fic hehehe.
_____///_____
," Dean joked as he sat on the couch close to the fire and rubbed his hands.
. It couldn't be their bond. The bond had been there since Castiel rescued him from Hell. Then… what was
After catching their breaths, Dean looked at her in the rearview mirror. "We told you not to do that."
Castiel was hesitating, but Dean saw a light in his eyes. The angel nodded. "Yes. We don't need you and your brother now. The Apocalypse is inevitable."
Sam arrived with a yawn. "I propose we eat something and then start working on this mess."
Dean blinked and stared at the man, as the lady came out from the kitchen for a second, "Yes, they have."
The most handsome man Jaskier had seen in his entire life stepped in at the Coffee Shop the same hour he always did.
-----------------
"What's wrong?" Dean could read that face even with his eyes closed. More than his big brother, Dean had been Sam's mother and father.
Dean grinned, happily, because that meant he was recovering his memories, and the method was pretty hot.
" Dean cried.
Until Castiel coughed awkwardly and stood up. Dean noticed his heart racing like crazy, and his checks were warming up. When he decided to look at Castiel, the angel was so flustered and blushed, he was trying to hide his face from him. Dean grinned stunned.
"I can't. I won't let those sons of a bitches pull you away from me. We're friends," Dean insisted. He swallowed. "They have two more vessels for Michael and Lucifer, don't they?"
"Please, call me Dean," he finally broke the glass he felt was raised between them. He knew this man, but it was so difficult to talk with him freely right now.
Dean pursed his lips. "I'm gonna talk with him."
A woman with blonde curls collected in a braid went out from the kitchen, and when she saw Dean her eyes opened wide.
The leader couldn't even breathe properly.
Castiel pulled him closer until their crotches were touching.
Castiel raised his baffled eyes to him, "Dr. Novak?"
Jaskier's rock band gets a new and sexy guard.
The weather was perfect, and so it was the time Dean was spending with Cas.
Jaskier prepared the coffee and gave it to the handsome man.
Dean approached him slowly, "Hey, buddy, easy, I'll help you," Dean took off his jacket and put it on the guy. The man averted his gaze. Their faces were too close. He was stunning. Dean cleared his throat and took a step away from him. What's your name? Where do you come from?"
Dean stood in the middle of them and moved his arm to keep them running, "Keep going! Let's go! It's not long now!" he shouted to overcome the strong thunder.
Have some season 5 Destiel.
After he was done, he turned around with the bag full of broken glass and found a silhouette at the door of the reverend's changing room. He stood guard for a second but then frowned when he realized there was something very familiar about that person.
And he was getting a boner.
The angel looked at him in silence for a brief moment, then nodded, slowly, "I think I do…"
Follow me on Tumblr.  I'm
(See the end of the chapter for
"Cas? Why are you here? Dean asked, because there was something odd again in those blue eyes, and the angel had his blade in his hand.
, perhaps…"
Have some fluffy McDanno!
////////
"What's that?" Dean put his gun down and took the sword in his hands.
"I can't do that," Dean whispered. They stared in silence at each other for a brief moment. "Help us. Help me, please," he pleaded one more time. Castiel was doubting again; he was so close. Their eyes met, and the angel left.
(See the end of the chapter for
So maybe just one simple gesture would put things the way it should be by now…
"Oh, right," Jaskier huffed embarrassed, as his eyes dropped to his own badge.
"Are there more camps?" Emmanuel asked with round eyes.
"I also thought that everything would be solved,'' sighed the boy thoughtfully, dropping his arms on his lap. Then he looked at Sam as he narrowed his eyes. The boy decided to confess a secret, "Did you know that Castiel confessed his love to Dean before the Empty took him away?"
"Well, Brother, aren't you a smart bastard?" Michael mocked. He waved his hand in front of him and the fire started to die down. "But as I said, it won't be enough."
"Are you going, too?" Dean walked closer, and Castiel side eyed him.
Tom wants to play a new version of Batman vs Superman with Harry in the Holodeck.
Dean side-eyed his friend, and Castiel could feel his insistent glare on him, the angel sighed, "He summoned me once, for…
"You gripped me tight and… pulled me out from there," Dean chuckled and lowered his face, "We became best friends since then…"
"You are brave people. I hope this war could end," Emmanuel said quietly.
Castiel released him from the kiss, and slightly bit Dean's neck.
"I was tired of obeying my family, especially that pompous Ra," Toth chuckled, "So, Castiel here, he gave me a lesson on
Castiel nodded. "If we kill Zachariah, his influence over the rest of the rebellious angels will end. And we will have an advantage."
Enjoy some of my original work:LEGEND.
------------
"Dean…" Castiel called him, trying to approach him. But Dean stood up and put a hand as a boundary between them.
"So… you’re not hungry, I presume." Dean said and smiled goofily.
"He… he's an angel. A Commander." Dean answered, trying to digest his own words.
Castiel approached him, "You have to come to my house now, I saw the ghost."
Michael spotted it and chuckled.
"You stupid humans!" Uriel exclaimed. "Kill them all!" he ordered, but nothing happened.
The Archangel arched his back in pain, but he didn't release Castiel. He turned his face to Dean and, raising his free hand, he threw a bolt of light.
"Be part of this world, uh?" Dean whispered, dropping his gaze to the angel's lips.
Emmanuel noticed the leader was staring at his lips now. That made his chest feel warm.
Castiel wheeled around and walked away, but Dean blocked his steps.
Dean breathed deeply and sat up.
"I've never seen such a perfect claim mark," Anna uttered, eyes locked with Dean's.
"Winchester, Dean Winchester." Dean said, grinning too.
Dean shot his brother a surprised look. "What do you mean they want the same thing?"
The smell of the woods was very relaxing. Beautiful stars and constellations filled the sky. The man stared at it, startled.
"Good afternoon, milady," Dean said as he took his hat off, very thankful to Winona Ryder in 'Little Woman', and trying to imitate the Regency behavior. "I'm a traveler but I lost my path… could you tell me where I am?"
Emmanuel turned his head to him, "Let's say… I forgot how beautiful it could be."
"It is if you just find a way to get through him," Anna insisted.
Castiel narrowed his eyes, "What… What do you mean?"
After the flapping sound announced his arrival, Castiel approached him with threatening intentions.
Suddenly, the sound of leaves and branches rustling caused him to turn violently. Dean had his knife in his hand, ready to defend himself or attack whatever was behind him.
Bartholomew ran towards Bobby and Sam, but Bobby was ready. He lit up one of the bottles and threw it. Bartholomew stayed in his place, shouting, and Dean came from behind and stabbed him.
" he muttered.
Castiel was saddened to see this, he pursed his lips and then, turning to Sam, took his hand and smiled at him, "Thank you, you are very attractive too, Sam," he said, with a beautiful smile.
A hunt ends up in a love confession.
Suddenly the figure noticed Castiel and screamed so loud, Novak had to cover his ears. The silhouette turned into a gray smoke and flew towards Castiel, passing by him. The spectrum disappeared in front of his eyes.
"What?" Dean asked, puzzled. Castiel stood up and approached him.
"Don't tell me you forgot what the night sky looks like," Dean mocked, as he sat by his side. There were large weapons on both sides of the rock.
Hi! Another KimRis fic written for Writersmonth 2021. Day 16. Word: Photo. Setting: College AU.
///////
"It's cold," he said, a smirk still on his face.
?" Dean's eyes were sparkling. It was obvious he had thought about it for a while.
(See the end of the chapter for
"N-nothing… you're… you're the one doing this…" Dean replied as well as he could between whines and moans. He was a mess, a freaking
"Campbells?" Dean echoed, and then he vaguely recalled the old stories his father used to tell him when he was a kid about their british ancestors. "Yes, they're my family, my mother's maiden name is Campbell. Where can I find them?"
Sam went to Bobby's house, and Dean drove back to the motel room to once again try to bring Cas back.
"No, Zachariah, you are the one not understanding," Castiel said, and then nodded to Dean. The hunter entered the fire circle and grabbed the angel from behind.
The angel sighed and walked towards the Chimney and he moved the logs on it, trying to make some fire.
" Dean asked, amazed.
"Yeah, Emmanuel… come on. Let's fix some roofs and I'll tell you everything." Dean put a hand on Emmanuel's shoulder and led him to the cabins.
(See the end of the chapter for
" Dean couldn't stop whining as he tried to wrap his arms around his angel.
///////
Geralt helps a dragon, and he gets a surprise after that.
Dean sees Castiel’s wings.
Have some cute Geraskier ficlet!
Dean did the same.
"Oh, that would be kind of you. Maybe when my wife isn't at home. She could be scared or she could call me crazy," Castiel chuckled and bowed his face, sheepishly.
Follow me on Tumblr,  I'm
---------------------------
George nodded, "Perfect, you can take one of our guests' rooms upstairs and we will be out first thing in the morning!" George clapped his hands, looking at the food on the table with lascivious eyes.
------------------
The dude was staring at the can of food and the spoon in his hand with a frown.
Dean knew, deep inside, he was closer to bringing Castiel's memories back.
"Yes, aaaahhh," Castiel was able to say, dropping his gaze to Dean, and he apparently decided it had been long enough. With a snap of his fingers, they were naked and the angel was on top of him on the bed.
Dean licked Castiel's cock, worshipping it with his hands and tongue. The angel's moans were a blessing to Dean's ears. "You like this, Cas?" he asked, mischievously, jerking him off harder and harder.
He masturbated thinking about Castiel's lips, Castiel's strong thighs against his crotch. It was his first time doing that thinking about a guy — thinking about that angel.
Dean glanced at Sam. "I'll be very persistent."
"We have two wounded people, Eileen is healing them now." A worried Sam informed them.
Jaskier blushed again as his heart raced like crazy, "
Their eyes met in silence, then Castiel spoke, "I didn't…"
Hi!!! Second day for Writersmonth  with word: cold and prompt: coffee shop.
"I built this body…" Castiel murmured, placing his fingertip on Dean's hole as he kept sucking Dean's cock.
"My name is Geralt," the guy said.
"Yes, he knows me," smirked the dude in front of them. The man was tall and slim. He had a dark suit and tanned skin. His brown and deep eyes were staring at Castiel now.
The leader walked throughout the camp; he put his hand on his hips and snorted.
Dean woke up in the middle of a turnip field and covered his eyes right away as he sat up. It was probably noon based on the position of the sun. Looking around for a few seconds until his mind was clear he recalled Toth, the light, and his attempt to save Castiel from him. And now… where was he?
The Archangel walked slowly towards him, surveying his army and the humans. The Angels were winning for sure. Michael huffed. "Look at them. So weak, so imperfect. Their extinction is inevitable." The Archangel stopped and kneeled down by Castiel's side. "You were my best soldier, Castiel. So sad I'll have to kill you." Michael made his hand shine blue as he raised it.
"I couldn't say…" Dean squinted his eyes even more. Cas was listening to voices at night? Could that be him praying to the angel? "What kind of voices?"
Toth smiled crookedly, "Good luck, Castiel."
"He's dead." Commander Castiel turned around and passed by the newcomer. "We have to go back. Assemble the troops and let us return to Heaven. We must organize an attack on the central camp. I have their location. "
This was just two old friends hanging around, going fishing together.
Thank you for reading! I'm anxious to know what do you think about this ep. So if you feel like, drop me a comment here or in my blog's inbox
Dean watched him, tired of his own thoughts. He stood up heavily and walked towards the breakfast. "It'll be enough for now," he muttered, sipping his coffee. Then he grimaced. "
Dean could imagine what had happened. If it was a dream, Toth, the Egyptian God of freaking time, made him and Cas travel back in time to the fucking
"I prefer to call you
, was close to recovering his memories. He could feel it.
The angel straightened, and the cold, empty, obedient soldier glare returned. "Do not call me anymore. You and your brother — we don't need you." And without further ado, he left.
And Sam can be that other 7u7 male and make little flirtations and obvious innuendos to Cas.
!" Dean exclaimed all of the sudden  with clenched fists and lowered head.
Dean broke into laughter and Castiel smiled delightedly.
" Sam said,
Elga sat in front of the table with a candle in the middle, opened a book in front of her and from what Dean could distinguish, it was a summoning spells book from the bunker. She lit up the candle and closed her eyes while she uttered some words in latin, and for a couple of minutes she remained still.
Dean moaned and the kiss got rougher.
Dean paced anxiously, alone in the park near the motel where they were staying. Sam had insisted on going with him, but Dean convinced him he had to go alone.
Dean turned his head slightly away from Castiel's gaze, but the angel didn't move. Cas's strong thighs pressed against Dean's legs and crotch. Why was he noticing that now? This was all Anna's fault. He couldn't stop thinking about his
Follow me on T. I'm
"So, do we have a date?" Geralt cut him off, with a charming smile.
" he muttered to himself, but he couldn't stop giggling.
"I know, son. But Dean said Castiel saved his life. No angel has saved a human,
(See the end of the chapter for
Thank you to all of you and your beautiful comments I received here and in my Tumblr inbox.
"We could call it like that… but… tell me about you. Are you a real raccoon hunter or…?"
----------------------------
The sky was full of stars, and the sight made Dean smile, as he remembered his first watch with Castiel.
--------
"I said, stop calling me
Michael looked down and cocked an eyebrow, "Come on, Brother. You know this is not enough to stop me." The Archangel smirked and raised his eyes to Castiel and then he turned his gaze to Dean with disgust. "Why are you helping these filthy hairless apes? I sent you to kill this human — instead, he's standing there by your side."
"You showed me what really matters. Before knowing you, I was a soldier obeying my orders…" Castiel bowed his head as he tightened his grip. "But I learned about kindness, friendship, and…
"Where am I?" the man asked, narrowing his eyes.
"Stop calling me like that!" Emmanuel exclaimed and a bright light came out from his body. A pair of black wings appeared on his back and spread majestically. The light disintegrated the angel. Dean fell to the ground coughing as he watched Emmanuel turning into a beautiful angel in front of his eyes.
Dean's eyes were fixated on Castiel, but the angel wasn't looking at him.
"I'm not that for sure…" Dean stared at him, then he sighed, "What I am and what I do… not all the people are ready to hear it or know it."
Dean came back just a few minutes later, and saw Emmanuel watching the stars in awe. He smiled.
Day 29 for Writersmonth 2021. Word: Bed. Setting: Snowed In.
When Dean woke up in the morning, he found Emmanuel working alone to fix some cabin walls.
Emmanuel Novak.
Castiel was panting. He ran to his room, and put on some clothes. Then he took a horse and went straight to Dean's house.
///////////
"Just if you are here to stay with me forever, we can be naked as many times as we want." Dean said these words with a hint of fear in his voice. He didn't want Castiel to fly away from him anymore.
__________
"Can I have my coffee now?"
Dean heard a rough and well known voice coming from the darkness. Dean flinched, then whirled around to see Castiel coming out from the forest, just like when they first met.
"They erased Cas' memories completely before he could tell us something very important…" Sam pursed his lips. "I'm starting to believe angels and demons want the same thing."
Dean finds a feather that belongs to Castiel, and he wants to keep it. But, does he know what keeping an angel's feather means?
They came at the same time.
Thanks again! See you next friday!
5-Freedom
Sam's eyes got so wide that they seemed to want to jump out of their sockets, "You are kidding me. Seriously?"
(See the end of the chapter for
," Castiel growled, noses almost rubbing. Cas's intoxicating aroma — like rain falling in the woods — surrounded him.
Dean gulped at the stunning sight of the angel on top of him. "Look who's talking…" he stuttered as Castiel smirked and swallowed Dean's dick in a fast movement.
"I don't know, but we need to figure out what Cas was trying to tell us."
Dean frowned.  "Cas, are you leaving?" He couldn’t keep the sorrow out of his voice.
Dean bit his lower lip. "And… what about you? Are you…?"
Dean smiled, "Maybe that familiarity you say is this friendship we share."
"Well, we are almost finished with the repairs, but, come inside. I'll make some coffee." Rufus waved his hand.
"I'll kill this man for you," the angel muttered as he strangled Dean harder and harder. "He poisoned you. But don't worry, we'll come back to Heaven and…"
"Dean, I saw the mark on your shoulder," she said, and Sam looked at his brother. He remembered Castiel's handprint.
"I'm just thinking about…we should reinforce the cabins as we discussed last week…I think now is too late." Sam sighed heavily, eyes on the locked door. The thunder and lightning seemed never-ending.
Castiel lowered his head. His eyes wandered to the golden door at his left.
"My human, my home," Castiel said quietly, kissing him tenderly again.
"Why, brother? Why can't you see the truth?" Uriel muttered, kneeled down, face bloody, staring up at Castiel.
?" Dean called him quietly at the same time Castiel's phone began to ring. Both men stared at each other in bafflement.
Michael spun around throwing Castiel to the other side, making him slam up against the trees.
There was blue electricity all around the cabin. His body tingled with the sensation as the grace washed over his skin. Dean's gaze was now on the angel sucking his cock as if it was the most precious thing on earth. Dean was about to come but then Castiel stopped and stared at him so intensely, Dean felt like his prey.
"But you were the one trying to stop the Apocalypse, Cas. Try to remember… please…" Dean whispered, and a moan of inopportune pleasure escaped from his lips.
Castiel cupped Dean's cheeks with a grin in his face. "Of course, Dean. I came here to stay with you forever, if you want me."
He pressed the palms of his hands to his eyes. It was so strange and at the same time, so familiar.
The angel kissed him again and then sat, showing Dean how he cleaned his hand with grace. Dean was stunned.
Sam snapped his fingers, "Jealousy! Right!" he said.
"Are you referring to… rebel angels that are on our side?" Bobby pointed at himself.
"You're talking about Dean and Cas, aren't you?"
Dean moved in his place uncomfortably, showing his dimples of discontent. He glared at Castiel, and something was bothering him even more now that those two knew each other.
Emmanuel opened his eyes widely as the shotgun fell to the ground. "I'm… I'm not one of you…"
"That was a miracle." Dean said.
Dean spent the rest of the day teaching Emmanuel to use the tools to fix the damage the thunderstorm had made in the camp. Emmanuel learned quickly, and by the sunset, they had repaired all the roofs and windows.
"I do, what are you doing here?" Castiel asked.
"It was the only way for you to confess, Dean, Sorry," Sam put his hands together as in a prayer and looked at him amused.
" Dean questioned with a grimace.
"What the hell is wrong with me?
Hi! Time for some more Geraskier. Written for Writersmonth 2021. Day 11: Glass. Setting: "Royalty AU".
"Okay, I'll call him," Dean relented.
was he attracted to him this way? Why was he feeling this force pulling him closer to the angel? Had it always been there? Inside of him? This feeling of…
Dean shifted in his seat uncomfortably and tried to avoid his brother's gaze. "Yeah, kind of… I don't know man, they really screwed up his mind."
"Naomi's work, I guess." Toth smirked again and sighed, walking around.
For three months Dean, George and Elga hunted throughout London and asked neighbors and people in the city if they had seen a handsome black haired man with blue eyes, and there was no response so far. With every passing day, Dean was starting to lose hope.
Dean approached the guy, and turned around to see if anyone was watching. Then he kneeled by his side.
"Is not that easy." Dean clenched his jaw. He couldn't believe his own ears… did Castiel know about Heaven's real plan?
Dean chuckled. "Sadly you are not naked this time." Dean mocked, as he approached his angel.
Castiel turned around to face him with a frown, "Monsters? What kind of…?"
Enjoy this little fluffy ficlet.
"Dean! What happened?! Where's Emmanuel?" asked Bobby, as he ran towards him.
Written for Writersmonth day 14. Word: Duck. Setting: Utopia/Dystopia.
Dean blushed slightly and cleared his throat. "Yeah, you know… kind of biblical? Even when I hate all of that I…I love that name…" he said, standing up.
Sam pursed his lips and sat on the rock. "Maybe it's part of a plan."
Jack smiled even more, "Yes, and you can be the threat."
"Who did that to you?" Castiel asked, but Dean knew he already suspected who the artist was.
Dean turned his head to him and smiled fondly, "Yeah, we've been worse."
"Just a minute please!" Asked the man.
Sam and Dean did the same. Big circles of flames held the angels captive.
"It means… we are like one, and you are mine… my human…" Castiel whispered into his neck, warm and sweet breath electrifying Dean's body. Castiel bit that little place of skin under Dean's ear and growled. Dean moaned. The feeling of Cas hard against his own length was exquisite.
"Yes, and also to prepare our campaign to the north. We need to visit Rufus and see how they're doing."
"Dean?" Castiel called him because Dean was still like a statue.
"That's the plan." Dean turned his head around to kiss his angel.
-----------------------
?" asked Sam, side-eyeing his brother.
Dean loved the feeling of having Castiel lying next to him wrapping him up in his arms and wings.
Castiel nodded and smiled at him, "Good Night."
He swallowed and looked askance at his brother, but Sam looked equally puzzled as he was.
"Oh shit, Cas, please do it, I can't handle this anymore,
He couldn't deny he found Cas extremely attractive. The truth was… Castiel being a hot, sexy motherfucker wasn't news, but now that was affecting him at a crazy intense level…
Dean felt Castiel's body relaxing in his arms, and smiled. Castiel embraced Dean's back with his hands and pulled him closer. "I can't remember you…" he whispered sorrowfully. "But… there's something… something about you. Your smell, your eyes… your…" Castiel faced him. Dean was flushed, heart pounding like crazy. He caught Castiel looking at his lips with open desire.
"There's no time for that; you have to make him remember," she urged. It almost sounded like an order.
"When an angel claims a human soul in Hell, his destiny remains linked to the human. You and Castiel are like one," she explained. Dean huffed a little chuckle of disbelief. "That means you are bonded for life. His claim on you was perfect…"
"Let's finish with this blasphemous meeting," growled Bartholomew, and they ran towards their targets, as fast and deadly as lightning.
Dean pulled the boxers down. Castiel was still wearing his shirt and tie, which Dean found very sexy. When he had Castiel's dick in front of his face, he couldn't believe how much he was burning inside to touch and taste it.
"Emmanuel…" echoed the man, as he tilted his head.
Michael was laughing when Dean shot him in the back.
He couldn't remember one single day he hadn't thought about Castiel… maybe he had always been in Dean's head, and he was just seeing it, really
The lady smiled widely, "Of course, mister…?"
"You noticed them too."
Castiel squinted his eyes in disapproval, "You act so reckless sometimes," the angel scolded him as he focused his attention on the wound.
Next thing he would recall would be Castiel hitting him in the head with a candelabrum, making him lose consciousness.
"We've been worse." Bobby said at his back.
Dean knew that was his sign.
(See the end of the chapter for
Suddenly, Castiel parted his lips and dropped his eyes to the ground. For a second, the hunter thought something was about to happen, maybe Castiel was remembering…
He narrowed his eyes. "What does he mean they don't need us?" he whispered to himself. He needed to talk with Sam. Whatever was going on wasn't good.
"Oh, George, this man is a traveler and his name is Dean Winchester. He’s on his way to England." Mrs. Potter said and the man showed Dean another wide smile.
Castiel stared at him, confused. "I could tell you the exact number of freckles you have. Why? Why do I know that?" The angel caressed Dean's face and tilted his head.
Anna was ready to fight, but Uriel and Bartholomew didn't give her time to react. She was dead in a second.
Cas, wasn't just making  Dean crazy but also a horny son of a bitch.
Dean pursed his lips and dropped his eyes to his crotch. Maybe he needed to take care of Little Dean before going to sleep.
Castiel tilted his head. "I don't…"
Follow me on Tumblr,  I'm
---------------
"Fuck, Cas… shit…
"Because he is an angel, he will be surrounded by supernatural events. Like a magnet," Elga explained, and then flicked her eyes to her husband, "We should do our work, hunt monsters, and sooner or later, we will find him."
Some revelations, sometimes, strikes you out...
"What?" George asked.
"I gave Michael the wrong location. We have enough time to prepare the trap and kill him." Castiel pulled three bottles of oil and one golden sword from his clothes.
Dean stood up and went to the exit and unlocked it. The intense sunlight from outside made him close his eyes. He turned around and saw both Bobby and Sam were also waking.
Follow me on Tumblr.  I'm
It felt like a spell. A strong force he didn't want to think about. Something huge, deep,
Castiel pushed him against a tree and pinned him with his right forearm. Dean felt blood rush to his face.
It was time.
"Or maybe it's not. We just have to trust your brother." Bobby muttered, as he side-eyed Sam. Sam frowned thoughtfully.
Dean didn't feel any burn, just pleasure. He started to move his hips, but Castiel placed both his hands over Dean's thighs and thrusted harder and harder, hitting that precious spot and making Dean moan louder.
"I'm here, Brother. I wanted to welcome you properly," Castiel said as he threw a burning bottle to the ground.
Dean nodded and pursed his lips as his eyes dropped to the ground and sighed softly. He had a feeling it was going to take a while but regardless, it was time to find his friend.
"Okay, don't worry." Sam sighed. "We need to talk with Anna and Ruby. Maybe we can meet somewhere."
my name is Castiel." The angel was too close. The heat coming from his body burned Dean's skin in a strangely intoxicating way.
Jaskier flinched at the question, "Of course!" he replied, and came back with a hot coffee.
"Are you ready, Sir Winchester?" Castiel asked and Dean just nodded.
Emmanuel noticed Dean’s cheeks reddening again. Was that usual for him?
"You are a hard worker." Dean said, grinning at him.
"Freaking old clothes…" the hunter muttered to himself staring at the five different options over his bed, "I feel better knowing we will be eliminating the options to just a t shirt and one or two plaids," he snorted and wheeled around to find Elga looking at him from the door.
"Hey, ahm… maybe you can use your mojo and…" Dean smiled goofing but Castiel glared at him with tiresome, "
…" Castiel's voice trailed off. The angel raised his blue eyes to Dean, who struggled to catch his breath. "I wanna be part of the world you showed me, Dean."
"You can take him there in the morning, George. Of course, if Mr. Winchester agrees?" Jane approached them now with a tray with a rooster chicken and vegetables.
Thank you for read this work  I was really very happy to share this with you.
"Wait… lube…" Dean tried clumsily and desperately to reach it from the bedside drawer.
Castiel spread his wings as he locked his eyes on Dean, with a sexy Dom eyebrow, "You are beautiful," he growled.
"Here is where Elga uses her sixth sense to explore the supernatural energies that surround us," George whispered to Dean and he nodded back in understanding.
Have some season 5 Destiel.
---------------
Castiel tried to stab Michael.
"An Archangel Sword?" Dean observed the object, it was beautiful and definitely different from a regular angel sword.
Castiel couldn't resist those puppy eyes, and without adding any other word, the angel sat by Dean's side and let the hunter wrap him with that blanket.
Sam adjusted his hair and shirt and walked into the kitchen smiling.
After being grateful to the sweet old couple, he walked towards the house. It was a big house, and kind of gloomy. It made Dean swallow. It was late in the afternoon, and Dean needed to defeat his own fears and anxiety if he wanted to find Cas. He knew he needed help. So he knocked at the door, and a man in his fifties opened it.
Elga approached Dean, and stared at him intensely. "Yes, son. I can see a lot of things, I have that gift on me," she muttered, "What I can also see is… that you are a hunter, like us. So good to know our lineage continued."
," Castiel uttered the last word as he raised his eyes to find Dean's.
"If I do that, you will have to leave your body. Your vessel will be all mine. Will you agree to this new arrangement?" Claire deadpanned, face blank.
Written for Writersmonth 2021. Day 27. Word: Sword. Setting: Western AU.
Hi! Another fic written for Writersmonth 2021. It's time of Geraskier. Day 25. Word: Obnoxious.  Setting: Fairy Tale.
Jaskier's face turned red in a second, "You… know about my switch?"
Castiel tilted his head, "I know Crimea can be the Hell itself," Novak added, Dean turned his head to watch him, there was such a longing in the hunter's glance, Castiel had to catch his breath.
"I'm glad I found your family then…" Emmanuel murmured. "And I'm glad I found you."
"We can't let them ruin this. We need this Apocalypse to destroy the human race once and for all. With angels reigning supreme over the whole creation, as it should always be," Uriel said, straightening in his place with conviction.
The angel folded his wings and fell on top of Dean, kissing his neck sweetly., "I remember… I remember everything," Castiel muttered. Dean smiled widely.
Castiel looked at him, "She's an Angel. She's now in charge in Heaven."
He pursed his lips with disgust. "Castiel… what are you doing?" he asked. "Why are the Winchesters still alive?"
Time for some Destiel written for Writersmonth 2021. Day 21. Word: Pizza. Setting: Vampires/Werewolves AU.
After taking a bath and eating the huge amount of food Elga had made for him and her husband, they followed her to a room painted in white with a table in the middle.
It was always the same, and worse after Castiel's confession.
Follow me on Tumblr! I'm
"Yeah, I can be your reckless patient here," Dean smirked and Castiel blinked in realization. A slight blush appeared on his cheeks. Suddenly he was speechless, "Use your X ray eyes to scan me,
"Werewolves, Vampires… demons…, you know." Dean named.
"Of course… that's the way you called me in Crimea, am I right?" Castiel asked, dropping his gaze to his own hands on his lap. Dean had a sight of his long eyelashes.
Dean swallowed. Cas looked so gorgeous. He pulled the angel forward the last few inches and kissed him with passion.  When they cut the kiss, their eyes met. "Of course I would love to have you here with me," Dean whispered.
Dean blinked, "Can-- Can you see it?"
Dean bit his lower lip, just because the sole idea of being alone with Castiel in that big house was kind of…
This is a continuation from my fic "What an alpha would do?" This time we have MPREG!Jaskier and Alpha!Geralt building their home.
Sam entered the motel room with two coffees and some cookies.
They knew now that angels were trying to start rather than stop the Apocalypse. But
"You… wake up Dean. We'll wait for you downstairs. We… have a lot to discuss," stuttered Bobby, and they left, closing the door behind them.
Dean stiffened. "Go to Hell, son of a bitch," he muttered while the Archangel's body exploded in front of everyone.
He needed to find Castiel as soon as possible.
This is a sneak peek from my origonal work LEGEND III: THE COURT OF THE GUARDIANS.
Dean was about to jump in front of them, knife in his hand, when Castiel blocked his steps.
On the sixth day, the guy smirked at his cold coffee again.
The man's frown deepened.
"If you want, I can stay here with you," Castiel answered, dropping his gaze sheepishly.
Time for some KimRis ficlet. Written for Writersmonth 2021. Day 24. Word: Letter. Setting: Fake Relationship.
Immediately after that, all the angels stopped their fights and approached Dean and Castiel.
Dean saw how the angel narrowed his eyes with confusion and tilted his head. There was something in that gaze. Dean couldn't decipher it. But then Castiel spoke…
Hi there! Day 3 for Writersmonth  this time the word is OUTSIDR and the setting WEDDING.
"What are you doing, Commander Castiel? You had to kill this man! That was your mission! Why are you helping him?" the angel exclaimed.
------------------
"Yes, in fact, I am from Kansas." Said Dean, sitting at the table.
Dean moved uncomfortably in his place, "And she's controlling you?"
"Cas, I know you don't want to do this." Dean walked slowly away from him, but Cas was coming closer and closer, eyes locked on his. "Please," the hunter pleaded with a thin voice. The angel struck a new blow with his sword, and Dean blocked it with a book. And then, without wasting a single second more, the hunter hugged him, tightly. Castiel tried to get away from him, but Dean spoke again., "Please, Cas, you saved me, you believed in me, and now you're going to kill me? Remember... remember me..." his voice broke. Castiel stopped his movements, slowly, until he released his blade and let it fall to the ground.
Dean blinked and stiffened. "Cas, cut the bullshit," he huffed. "Tell me the thing you wanted to tell me."
-------
"I think the red wine would look good on you," she said with a fond grin, and left.
"Defeat the Empty, restore Heaven and Earth," Jack continued smiling.
Hope you enjoy this silly and cute fic.
Dean jumped out of the shower when he heard wings flapping. In a second, Dean had his shotgun ready, pointing at the newcomer who was standing in the dark.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
"Why are you here?" Dean asked, with his gun still aimed at Castiel.
Be nice, I know almost nothing about ABO! (Shame on me!) But I really hope you enjoy this few words!
"You were always on the wrong side, Uriel," Castiel said and stabbed the angel in the throat.
"Okay, I will assign that to Charlie. I'll ask her to prepare weapons and food, and also medical supplies." Sam planned.
"We should move. If Castiel told Michael about our location…"
"Again that name…" huffed Dean.
He took a shower to clear his thoughts, and when he was ready, he sat on the bed, closed his eyes, and prayed.
mess.
Sam didn't like the idea of leaving his brother alone, but Dean insisted. He was sure Cas wouldn't be able to hurt him.
"Fuck, Cas, why we didn't do this before?
Thanks for reading!
!" An angel was calling him. Castiel and Dean turned their heads towards the voice, observing that the angel was about to arrive.
Suddenly, he heard wings flapping, and immediately after, felt a heavy weight over him, a couple of strong hands grabbing his wrists and pushing his back against the mattress. The movement was quick, giving Dean no time to react.
Jack looked at his laptop, and tilted his head, "What if we do like in the lion documentary?" Jack looked at him smiling and expectant as if Sam knew what he was talking about, "You know, we introduce another male, a threat."
Emmanuel turned around to face him. "I couldn't sleep, so I thought of starting to fix the walls earlier."
That’s why Dean knew what needed to be done. He would find Cas some Grace and then he could make the choice himself. He wouldn’t stay out of necessity. He could either stay because he wanted to, or he could fly away to where he would be happy. And Dean would accept his choice because after everything they had gone through, no one deserved happiness more than Cas. If Dean was allowed to be part of Cas’s happiness, then he would spend the rest of his life thanking the universe for it.
“The same thing. Over & over. They wanted them to die ugly.”
Dean stared him on with stubborn intrepidation. Telegraphing every move, as if to allow him the time to tell him to stop at any point, Cas took Dean’s hands in his; his touch feather light & careful. Slowly, he brought them together, & raised them up to his lips. Dean swallowed as Cas pressed a gentle kiss to the join of wrists, healing the would-be bruises.
Dean’s heart ached to comfort him. To get that ugly, violent brand of misery off of Cas’ skin.
On the other side of the wall, there was movement.
He would be able to do nothing. He was able to do nothing. Letting his eyes fall shut again, Dean wondered if Cas would fuck his body on the cold hard floor & then leave it there for Sam to find.
The sky’s turned dark now, air getting cooler. Dean’s fingers tremble as he moves the lighter to his mouth to light the cigarette he’s pulled out with his teeth. His tongue’s starting to feel fuzzy now, empty gut threatening to lurch. He hands it to Cas without looking.
Bony, ice-cold fingers unwrap from around Dean’s lungs. His breath eases; his flesh feels ten times lighter. Castiel is staring at him. Dean stares back.
Cas turns his head to look down at his feet, but it doesn’t stop Dean from catching his sad, close-lipped smile.
“Hello, Sam. It’s good to see you”
“Why are you drudging this shit up now, Cas? Why now? When you’ve got the fucking —” his voice breaks. He can’t say it. “When we’ve got bigger problems on our —” he breaks off, dragging his gaze away from where it’d dropped to the edge of Cas’ sleeve.
The skin warmed metal of the lighter’s front carvings bores him. The lid is still cool, though. The clicker’s still —
Cas laughs, raising his eyebrows in agreement as he brings the smoke back up to his lips. Dean wonders if he’d need the second hand to count all the times he’s done that since he’s known him.
The free world mocks him.
But not faithless.
“‘If you live long enough you start to see the same eyes in different people.’” Cas says, after a long minute of silence. “It’s a quote from Star Wars.”
Dean’s blood went cold.
Maybe it was only fair that Dean got to learn what he’d been doing to those poor bastards without thought & without remorse for so much of his diseased & self-serving life before he finally breathed his last. Maybe it was only fair he got to find out first-hand. These things make sense when you have them coming. How does it feel to be boiled alive?
Dean pauses mid exhale & looks to Cas. He’s looking ahead, hasn’t moved an inch from where he stood or how since Dean came out here. Probably longer.
“I don’t feel up to a lecture right now.”
He closed his eyes.
Dean made a desperate sort of sound as Cas moved closer, pulling Dean’s back flush against his chest. His breath was still hot on his neck, his face close enough that he felt the tip of his nose brush over the short hairs at the base of his head. But not touching. Still not touching. Through the cloth of his shirt, Dean could feel the mark pulsing behind him.
Didn’t matter. It probably wouldn’t be quick & painless anyway. Dean remembered the violence of the mark. The desire to cut open & bleed every warm body he could smell.
Up & down.
Maybe Cas would snap his fingers & reduce him into nothing more than a fine dusting of ash over these already charred walls & the lapels of his coat. That seemed like something he could probably do now. Would there even be ash? Would he leave something behind? Or would Cas just erase him?
It occurs to Dean that this not a conversation they are supposed to be having. They are talking about things they are not allowed to talk about. Uttering names that are supposed to be unutterable. Making admissions that are supposed to be inadmissible. They are saying things they only let each other say when they've got one foot in Death’s door.
It doesn’t matter what he thought. Now that he’s saved them for what’s got to be the penultimate time (now that they’ve taken everything they possibly could from him), he should leave, shouldn’t he? By all means he should leave De—
The wind howls something loud & rumbling behind the Bunker’s hill. The air feels colder than it did 15 minutes ago. He should head back inside. But his legs feel frozen to the ground like they’re daring him to move without falling apart, so he clenches his jaw & stays right where he is. He isn’t going to cry.
“When I lost Jack —”
Not his eyes.
“Ain’t much different between a soldier & a dog, buddy.”
“Most household chemicals are much more obvious with their intentions. Drain cleaners, for instance, corrode the inner lining of the oesophagus on the way down first, then the gastric lining, then if the victim is lucky, the oesophagus again, on reflux. Otherwise it just keeps going, eating you from the inside out. Your lungs fill with water, the flesh collapses in on itself. You’re dead within the hour.”
None taken.
Dean pressed his lips together & shook his head.
“Antifreeze, you can stretch into weeks,” Cas continues, turning to look back ahead as he does; done waiting for Dean to look back. “Months, years. 12 years?”
Dean flinched.
He imagined it; having his organs cook within his flesh while he could still feel it, pictured the light bursting from the sockets of his eyes like Cas had done for him to so, so many holy & unholy sons of bitches before that by now he’d lost count. Like Cas had had done to himself. Like the blade he’d walked in here with would do to him again unless the mark desired otherwise.
He couldn’t see much, anyway. Cas’ hand held him in place & kept him quiet as he continued & escalated the assault on his throat & jaw. Nevertheless Dean tried to keep the volume of the muffled sounds that he was making as low as he could muster.
“An hour is a long time to be hollowed out & cooked alive.”
Or would he keep it there, unwilling to alert Sam to his presence, wanting to take his time. He pictured Cas digging his arm back into his chest, the scream tearing out of him so guttural that not even the fingers pressing hard enough into his jaw for Dean to cut the inside of his mouth open on his own teeth could keep it in. Tears streaming down his face, blood filling his mouth, he saw Cas drag out his heart against the resistance of flesh & sinew (inward grain of his chest cavity the last-ditch effort of his half dead body at defending itself) & hold it inches away from his face as the life drained out of him. It looked so small in Cas’ loose fist. So insignificant.
Cas nipped at his jaw lightly, & Dean whimpered into the cage of his hand. Cas’ control seemed to be wearing thin, kissing & licking & biting at every inch of him that he could find. Dean wondered what would happen when he reached the end. If he would kill him right there & then.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean that.”
he thinks. Insightfully.
“You were hunting me.”
Standing in his way.
Cas’ hand grabs his wrist & shoves his sleeve up to his elbow.
Cas’ fingers pull the mixtape from between his & slide it into his coat.
Cas smiles.
“That’s the thing about faith, Dean.” Cas’ voice surprises him. Dean didn’t think he had anything more to say to him. “It lends you the illusion of strength.
“No,” Sam’s voice was steady, but Dean could feel his resolve waver. “No, that’s just a hypothesis.”
There’s a frown etched into his skin, like he’s remembering something awful. Like an electric shock or the stench of a rotting body. “There’s a viciousness there. Puissant enough to cut through bone. It’s the kind of thing that lets a 16-year-old child pick up a semi-automatic, point it at a pre-school & fire. The kind of thing that makes a 90-pound girl thrust a crowbar down a grown man’s gullet. They wouldn’t care for convenience, Dean. I’ve read their minds trying to figure out if the people slowly but surely withering away on the other side of the door from them, regardless of what they had or had not done didn’t deserve my mercy after all —”
Dean stood up and immediately noticed his clothes. He wore a white cravat, green tailcoat. His eyes went round at the sight of it. White pantaloons? A waistcoat? Tesseled boats?
Follow me on Tumblr,  I'm
It was almost sunset when Sam, Dean, Ruby and Anna met in an abandoned storage container. Anna seemed very anxious.
Maybe the effort of trying to make him remember, to bring back
Castiel spread his wings again, and sunk his hard cock inside of him. It felt delicious.
Castiel lowered his face to Dean's neck, nose nestled against Dean's earlobe, and he stayed there for a moment.
The angel approached Dean's ass and kissed his rim, softly. Dean squirmed and shouted in pleasure.
Castiel placed himself behind Ruby and stabbed her in the back, killing her instantly. Sam and Dean gasped and approached each other.
Castiel walked away and all the angels vanished.
Dean woke up before the rest of his people. He looked around and then frowned, trying to hear if the thunderstorm had passed.
Finally, Dean said, "We need to get back to base…I'll tell you everything." He locked eyes with the old man.
Hi! Another sneak peek from my original work: Legend, The Court of the Guardians.
"Yes, I think they got the message," laughed Uriel, kicking Ruby's lifeless body on the floor.
"Yes, she needs my help. But don't be silly, and don't feel lonely in my absence." She grinned seductively at him.
"I told you to stay away from them. Now I have to kill you and your brother," Castiel said, and Dean could perceive a hint of sadness in his voice. But also... Cas had said
The angel walked towards him until they were inches from each other. "We won, but I didn't want to stay in Heaven for politics. We've chosen the right angels to do that."
"You, you rescued me, Cas… I was surrounded by dead bodies…" Dean licked his lower lips and flicked his eyes off through his window, "I was drowning down there… trying to scream for help… it was Hell…"
"You just gave me the tools to move on from my… let's say…
Anna smiled. "Thank you." And she left.
He was so turned on that night that he had to jerk off to relax.
------------------------
Follow me on Tumblr.  I'm
"I know, it's frustrating…" the boy observed, shaking his head and pursing his lips in disapproval.
Targos finds out why Miriana made such a trip to a distant world.
"Stay away from me," Castiel warned, but it sounded like a growl coming from his throat. His impossibly blue eyes scanned Dean's face. And they stopped at his lips. "Don't…" he warned again, but his voice was weak. Did he suspect the thirst in Dean's soul? Could he feel it?
"You!!???" The Archangel screamed in surprise.
"Well," Dean huffed and smiled charmingly, "Sam and Eileen are having their love weekend and you were with Jack fixing cosmos, so…"
Harry and Tom are playing a car race. Who will win the unexpected prize?
Dean was about to answer when Anna popped up in the back seat. "They did," she replied. Sam and Dean flinched with matching shouts of surprise.
Sam nodded thoughtfully. "That gives us a little more time to fix the cabins…"
Third day, the same. Fourth day, and Fifth day… The coffee was always cold at first.
"What do you mean?" Dean muttered, aroused, "What are you doing? S-stop...ahhhhh." Dean couldn't think clearly past his desire to be fucked by Castiel. It was the only thing he wanted.
Castiel looked at him in amazement and Dean was stunned, his mouth open but unable to make a sound.
“That was the last one Pauline had.” Cas muttered looking away. Dean grinned and lifted the fork up again.
Dean chuckled ruefully.
Cas was human. He was back and he was human. The only way he could come back was for his Grace to be sacrificed. Or traded.
They didn’t talk much, and Cas didn’t mind. The world seemed quieter and more peaceful around them. He enjoyed the cold and the quiet and the feeling of Dean’s hand brushing against his every other step. Dean’s skin was rough and cold every time it touched the back of Cas’s hand and Cas realized he had never put on the gloves he had in his pocket. But as he enjoyed the little shocks every brush of Dean’s hand gave him, he decided he didn’t mind the cold hands so much.
“He is gone, and he is not coming back. He is gone and it’s m-my fault.” Dean continued, voice wavering and eyes brimming with tears.
Cas couldn’t help but be proud of Jack but also mourn for the weight he was now carrying on his shoulders.
They stayed there, wrapped in each other until the sun had climbed even further up the sky. Cas whispering, “I thought I would never have this.” and “You are so beautiful.” and “I didn’t think I could love you more, but I do.”
Cas’s tears were escaping freely from his eyes now and Dean could see how he was trying to hold the sobs in. His heart was breaking into little pieces and Dean thought he would have gotten used to it by now, but this one hurt. Cas thought he wanted him gone. After everything, he was expecting Dean to throw him out.
And just yesterday, Dean’s palm hot on Castiel’s back, burning through two layers of clothing, slowly rubbing in circles as he was guiding him through scrabbling eggs, his breath tickling his ear and setting fire on his insides. Castiel didn’t think he would mind at all to let the fire spread and engulf him, as long as Dean kept touching him.
he reminded himself.
Cas nodded and tried not to be disappointed when Dean let his hands go. He watched as the other man walked to one of the armchairs and picked up the throw draped across it. Walking back to Cas, he wrapped it around his shoulders.
-------
“I want you to stay. With me.” he whispered, and he tried to not beat himself up with the fact these were the exact words he should have said multiple times before.
Grabbing Cas’s sleeve and taking him down with him.
“There’s gotta be some way we can get our hands on some. I bet Rowena was lying.” he hissed, eyes moving back to look towards the bed Cas was still sleeping on.
“You’re an idiot. You’d go against Heaven and Hell, again, just to make sure Cas doesn’t hate you?” he asked, eyes two slits. “Like there’s a chance Cas could ever hate you.” he added quickly, laughing ruefully.
They had seen Jack twice since the day the world was restored. Jack had joined Sam and Dean for breakfast one day. Newly Nephilims-turned-God seemed to enjoy kid’s sugary cereal as much as anyone, it turns out. He had briefly talked about how he was busy making sure the Earth and its population were back to normal. He also mentioned about having work to do in Heaven but refused talking more about that, face full of apologies.
The bigger touches were torture. His thumb on Castiel’s lips, cold and burning. Oh, how Castiel wanted nothing more at that moment than to kiss this small part of Dean touching him.
Naturally, when it was Cas’s turn the first time, he panicked and gave his choice over to Dean. The smug look on his face made Sam throw a bitch face at him. In retaliation, the next night Sam picked a French film and then proceeded to spend two hours gushing about it while Dean and Eileen were rolling their eyes at him and made fun of the main character’s hair. Cas actually found the plot quite interesting, and he prepared himself for Dean’s mockery when he said so. At his surprise Dean simply looked at him nodding and turned his head around to watch the rest of it, not talking once until the credits rolled.
And now, as they pretend to watch TV and Cas’s lips trail the curve of his neck and his fingers are intertwined with Dean’s over his abdomen, Dean wishes for the millionth time his heart is big enough to contain the happiness that grows every day.
“Sure, but it’s friggin’ cold. Are you warm enough?”
“Shit, Cas. Your hands are frozen.” he muttered, fingers rubbing back and forth trying to generate some heat.
They ate breakfast side by side, thighs and hands touching at every chance. Cas accepted his PB&J with a smile and Dean’s heart warmed seeing the look of bliss on his face upon taking the first bite. When Sam and Eileen put themselves on washing up duty Dean grabbed Cas by the hand and walked out of the kitchen.
“Nah, I just picked them up on my way back from the post office yesterday.” Dean mumbled taking his seat again. “No big deal.” he added sipping at his coffee.
“Dean, no. I didn’t mean it to sound like that. I’ve told you; I am content living a human life. I just need to get used to a couple things, still.”
“I’m fine, Sam.” Dean muttered in a strained voice and started walking out of the dungeon and towards the rooms. His progress was slow and when Sam offered to help him a couple more times, he received deadly looks. In the end he gave up and walked slowly behind his brother.
And when Sam finished and stood up to leave, only then did Dean start talking. His voice was quiet and small and broken, so unlike him that Sam’s worry increased tenfold.
“Jesus Christ, Cas. You’re gonna catch a cold like this.” he muttered, startling him. When Cas froze on the spot looking at him with sleepy eyes, Dean cursed under his breath and got up.
the fact his stomach did a somersault at the touch
“Eileen is gonna be another hour. You want anything picked up?” he asked, head moving up to look at Dean but noticing Cas instead. A huge smile, and then Sam enveloped Cas in a bear hug. “Welcome back, man.” he said loudly, crushing Cas against him.
“Cas, what do you mean? Why- what were you if not an angel?” he asked feeling like an idiot.
This last one was the scenario Dean felt most guilty about. He didn’t even want to think about Sam staying behind, losing his brother and his best friend in one night. Left behind in an empty world and fighting against Chuck only with Jack by his side. But still, in the darkest times- the small hours of the morning, his stomach full of whiskey, his brain full of memories and his heart full of pain, Dean knew if he had the choice of joining Cas wherever he was or staying back like this, he knew what choice he’d make.
Although, the fact Cas was still able to sleep annoyed the hell out of him. He hadn’t forgotten the promise he had made to him, but they still didn’t have any leads on where to get their hands on Grace.
Dean’s cheeks were pink when he spoke again. “Of course, you can stay, Cas. You can stay for as long as you want.” he said, voice heavy with emotion.
“Ah, there’s a…” he started, pointing with his finger at Cas’s lips, like an idiot. Cas furrowed his brows together, tilting his head in confusion.
When they passed Cas’s designated room, Dean saw Sam throwing a questioning look at him but didn’t say anything. When they reached Dean’s own room, he turned and looked at him.
Dean nodded, biting down another mouthful of sweet apple and pastry. Looking up he got sight of Cas watching him carefully.
“I also brought you a couple extra t-shirts and pants and some toiletries. We can go and get you some stuff tomorrow, but these will have to do for now.”
Clearing his head from thoughts, he smiled back at Cas as he was making his way back to him, holding a small paper box in his hands. He gave a smile back, eyes crinkling with mischief.
Hyperventilating, Dean cradled Cas closer to him, rocking back and forth. He might as well have cut Cas’s wings himself. Cas would hate him for it.
Even though Dean was still feeling embarrassed at how he freaked out at Cas the first time he couldn’t find him in the bunker, he was now glad that incident was the reason Dean knew where he was this morning.
Dean soon found himself sitting at the kitchen table, nursing a cold bottle of beer. He was trying to come up with a new way they could summon an angel or gain access to Heaven, when Cas walked in. His hair was sticking in all directions and his eyes were tired. He was wearing a pair of the new pajama bottoms they had picked out together a couple days ago- these ones were grey with a green plaid pattern. He had an oversized black t-shirt as a top and was also wearing one of the warm hoodies he had also picked up.
“You- Cas, you told me all those beautiful words and I let you go without saying anything. You died not knowing you were wrong. I should have told you- you can have anything you want.” Dean kept looking into Cas’s eyes, hoping he was understanding that he would give him everything he asked for from now on.
Well, Dean had tried it and sure, he had liked it but, happy? Maybe back then he thought he was, but even then, it felt like something was missing.
Still, it seemed that Dean was willing to let the events that took place weeks ago in the past. The words Cas had said still rung true, of course. After learning of the way Dean behaved when they depowered Chuck only intensified Cas’s belief in his opinion on him.
The way Dean saw it, his life and his fate had been sealed a long time ago. And up until now, even when things seemed to look bleak and hopeless, something always happened to put Dean back in the path he would follow until he died. It was proven again and again.
-------
“You shouldn’t need to, Cas!” Dean said in exasperation. “I should have found a better way. A way to bring you back with your powers intact.” he added, fingers curling around the table’s edge.
Dean kept looking on the floor, eyes unfocused. He started talking in a monotone, broken voice. “He is dead, Sam. He is dead because of me.” he started, pushing the sobs back in his chest.
. That was everyone’s hope and expectation after all, wasn’t it? Suburban house, beautiful wife, cool kid, a lawn to mow on the weekends and a steady job.
Cas was content to leave that day in the dungeon hidden in the past, if that was what was needed to keep his friendship with Dean alive. He was glad to know that even after confessing his darkest secret and greatest happiness, Dean was willing to overlook it. Cas would never repeat those words again. He would not put Dean in an uncomfortable position. He would continue being his friend and consider himself lucky and blessed to stay in his life for as long as Dean allowed him to.
“You were right. He should sleep on a bed. Hey, it’s probably the last time he will need to sleep.” Dean said looking at his brother with a painful grin on his face.
Dean looked up at Cas’s stunned face. “You don’t go out again until you have a coat, a scarf and gloves, got it?” he said, voice strict and loud.
“Let’s get Cas on a bed first, though.”
“He died not knowing… He didn’t know, Sammy. He died not knowing, and I couldn’t speak, and he was saying all these things about me and he was g-gone before I could say anything. He didn’t know, Sammy. And he is gone.” he said between sobs, head clutched between his hands.
Dean was an idiot.
And again, the time after that.
“Sleep, Dean.” he whispered and walked back, picking up the first aid box again. As he turned off the light, he heard Dean whispering.
Dean smiled, letting this moment paint over the last time he had heard those words out of Cas’s mouth.
“I love you, too.” Cas whispered hoarsely when he broke the kiss a century or a second later.
Sam did call Rowena. Apparently, the phone signal in Hell had gotten even better since Crowley’s days because Rowena answered after a couple rings. She was her usual poisoningly charming self and seemed to be genuinely glad Castiel was back. She laughed at Sam’s request but promised to help.
“Hey, Cas. Where were you hiding? Haven’t seen you for a while.” he said sitting down, opening one of the books.
Sam kept looking at him with confused eyes. “Why would he need grace? He’s not physically hurt, Dean.” he tried to reason with his brother.
“Goodnight, Dean.” Cas said softly.
“I just want him back.”
“What if he wakes up?” he asked in a rough voice. “I can stay here until he wakes.” He continued, looking back down at the angel in his arms.
“Heya, Cas. Sorry to bother you.” Dean said walking in, holding what looked to be folded blankets in his hands. “I thought I would get you a couple more covers in case you feel cold tonight.” he continued, depositing the blankets at the foot of the bed.
They talked about how a better world was being created in front of their eyes in small but meaningful ways. How Jack was walking on Earth sharing his light with anyone who was willing to see it and the darkness and the evil seemed to become smaller and smaller every day.
“No, Sam. I’ll stay here and you go summon Rowena. Can you please do this one simple thing?” Dean shouted, still wrapping Cas up in the blankets.
That’s where Dean had found him a couple minutes later. He was holding two heavy books and nodded a greeting at Cas before depositing them on the map table.
A few minutes later he returned to his room to find the bed empty and an ex-angel pulling a t-shirt over his head. Dean’s sharp inhale echoed in the room and made Cas turn around, pulling the shirt over his chest.
Dean thought and made his way back to the room. Cas was still wrapped up in more blankets than he really needed and sleeping. Dean carried a chair closer to the bed and sat down next to Cas’s head. He did look peaceful, but his eyebrows seemed to be stuck in the worrying look Cas always wore. Dean laughed at the memory of Cas’s constant frown. Lifting a hand up he touched Cas’s brow and tried to smooth it out with his fingers. He felt Cas moving slightly and he seemed to take a deeper breath before his face relaxed completely.
“Dean, what-” Sam started but Dean ignored him. He sat up on his heels cradling Cas close to his body. Realizing that his brother was planning to carry a full-grown human, he was quick to assist with hauling Cas’s unconscious body up from the floor. As Dean stood, he shot a look at his brother.
Cas smiled kindly at Sam, eyes lowering. “Yes. As I was just telling Dean I am feeling fine. I think I am hungry, but I mainly have questions.” he said shooting a confused look towards Dean.
“What?” he asked. Dean threw him a questioning look and pulled the second blanket over Cas, trying to unfold it fully.
Blinking fast to disperse the tears of frustration gathering in his eyes, Dean nodded.
And fighting everything he was- or pretended to be- and all the pain he had befriended through the years, he whispered in the space between them what he should have months ago.
“Cas.” he muttered and before he could think about it Dean took a step forward enveloping Cas in a hug. “You’re awake.” he said hugging him closer.
Dean’s eyes gleaming with joy when Castiel offered him pie- numbness spreading through his legs. Dean laughing at Castiel’s attempts at a joke- warmth spreading through his chest. Dean reaching across the table to steal a fry from Castiel’s plate and replace it with a carrot, winking at him- heart jumping in his chest in a way it should have been a medical emergency.
Lying on their couch, in their living room, Cas’s chest slotted behind Dean’s and legs intertwined as the TV is humming away in the distance and Miracle snores in the corner…
Dean felt his chest constrict at the thought of Cas experiencing nightmares.
Dean thought, a smile escaping up to the surface without him realizing. Clearing his throat, he pointed towards Cas’s feet.
“I’ve failed you so many times, Cas. And you don’t deserve it. You deserve the world, and I couldn’t even bring you back whole.”
Somehow being back in Dean’s vicinity didn’t feel as awkward as one would expect. Cas was happy to see Dean staying and talking to him. He didn’t regret honoring the deal with the Empty the way he did, but then again, he never expected to experience the consequences of it.
The world was saved soon after that. And Jack was God now, and Dean had asked and begged for him to bring Cas back only to get the reply that Jack was sorry but he couldn’t go into the Empty, and he couldn’t demand the resurrection of angels just like that. The Empty’s domain was out of his jurisdiction and he would not follow in Chuck’s steps and abuse his power, as much as he wanted his father back.
He would beg Jack or the other angels or maybe Rowena. She probably has some Grace stored away somewhere anyway.
“I thought it would make up for having to visit the farmer’s market so early.” he muttered.
“Here, you might as well join me since you’re up.” Dean said sitting back down.
Dean couldn’t hold back the distorted laugh escaping from his mouth.
Cas should have been prepared for this. A large portion of human life was spent in front of screens nowadays so of course his days were going to end like this from now on. It wasn’t every night, but most nights Dean would announce he had the perfect film for them to watch before bed. So, after dinner, the four of them would bundle up in the couches in the Dean Cave and attempt to watch the movie picked out. After the first two nights Sam vetoed the whole thing and it was decided that the movie would get chosen by each one of them in rotation.
He was shivering and blinking, disorientated and with his eyebrows furrowed together as he looked at the figure kneeling next to him.
Cas let a small smile form on his lips and turned his look back to the rising sun chuckling.
They stood there for some time, side by side, watching the sun quickly make his way higher above the horizon. It was cold and quiet and peaceful, and all Dean could think is that he would die a happy man if he spent every following sunrise just like the ones this past week. With his family right next to him, cooking breakfast and eating around a table, all four of them. With Cas demolishing the PB&Js Dean makes him because he is …
“In the end we managed to reach a deal, but it also cost your Grace.”
Always keeping Jack’s favorite cereal stocked in their pantry for the days he stops for breakfast. Christmases spent in each other’s house, exchanging gifts under actual Christmas trees. Watching little Mary playing with Miracle before exhausting herself and falling asleep in her mother’s arms. Sharing glasses of whiskey on a summer night on the porch with Sam, while Cas and Eileen’s laugh echoes from inside.
Spending early mornings in the bunker eating breakfast with Cas. Walking Miracle at dusk, watching as the last light disappears behind the hills and thanking the universe for his second chance. Teaming up with Eileen to make fun of Sam’s movie choices. Making out with Cas against the library bookshelves. Going on a grocery run and picking up fluffy hoodies for Cas.
Returning to Cas’s side he laid out the clothes carefully at the bottom of the bed. He looked back at Cas and then as if getting a sudden idea, he run out of the room. Within minutes he was back from the kitchen holding a cold glass of water in his hand. He left it on the nightstand next to Cas’s head and stood there for a moment. Cas looked more comfortable.
That was it.
Dean’s stomach turned in disgust with himself. Had he really not made Cas feel like this was his home? Like he could stay? But of course, Cas was human now, and last time he was human Dean had thrown him out the minute he lost his Grace.
“Well, even if you didn’t survive for a bit there, you’re back now Cas.” Sam said with a pointed look at his brother.
“That’s better. Good morning, Cas.” he said getting up and pointing at the seat opposite him on the table. “Sit down.”
The hill behind the bunker was bathed in the early morning light. The sun was barely peeking behind the horizon. The cold was biting at Dean’s ears and nose, but he was climbing the hill in a steadily quick pace, nevertheless. In his hand he was holding the note Cas had left on the fridge.
“There’s plenty, Cas. You either have some of mine or I’m buying you your own piece.”
Which is why Dean had held out hope for the first couple of weeks. Cas would certainly appear back in the bunker any day now. Or he would call and ask Dean to pick him up from the side of a road. Which is exactly why it had hurt so damn much when Dean climbed the bunker’s stairs to open the door expecting to see Cas behind it, only to face Lucifer grinning.
They made their way back to the bunker with their hands clasped together, lips swollen, hair mussed and cheeks pink.
“Dean. Stop it. It doesn’t matter.” Cas whispered, fingers squeezing Dean’s.
“Yes, I am.” he mumbled. “Thank you.”
“Dean.” Sam whispered, voice full of pain. “Dean, don’t. You are torturing yourself.” he said, voice begging for reason. At this, Dean turned his head slowly and looked at Sam, eyes glazed from the whiskey.
“He died so I could escape. He sacrificed himself, Sam.” he said, voice breaking. He looked down at his hand, rubbing his thumb over the bandages.
“Very flavorful.” he said grinning.
Cas tensed in surprise, but when he turned around, he was sporting a big smile that made Dean forget about the cold and early hour.
This is the happiness that Dean never thought he deserved.
Dean let a huff of pride out. “It’s pie, Cas. And this one is really good. I wonder if the lady takes orders.” he said walking a few steps away to dispose of the box and fork. Turning back around he clapped his hands a couple times to get rid of the crumbs.
Hugging him tight and not letting go.
Yes, that would work.
“Well, I’m still gonna find you some. Those assholes in Heaven owe you.” Dean muttered.
Dean’s attention seemed to be focused on his own cup, so it was Sam who answered with an exasperated sigh.
No matter what time Cas woke up, Dean was already in the kitchen cooking or humming as he was beating eggs or sipping his coffee as he went through the newspaper.
Cas smiled back, hand shaking Dean’s shoulder.
“You gotta remember to wear socks or put on slippers, Cas. The bunker is cold at night.” he said quickly.
“Because you need breakfast now.” he muttered under his breath in an angry tone.
Dean had never given much thought to happiness, really. Sure, he had tried domestic life out in the hope it would turn out to be
to prove exactly how powerful she was. He had tried praying to the angels and he had driven out to the playground sandpit first cursing and screaming and then begging.
A couple hours later Cas was by the bunker’s door zipping up his new coat when he saw Dean approaching.
In the end the deal was reached. The Empty agreed to restore Cas in return for the spell Sam had promised- the one that would put every demon and angel in the Empty back to sleep- as long as it got to keep his Grace. When Sam questioned how Cas still
Dean gave him a confused smile and opened the box only to see a small piece of pie nestled in it.
“Y-yeah, of course, Cas. No problem.” Dean said giving him a small smile in return. “I’m gonna go away now. Let us know if you need anything, yeah?” he said walking backwards towards the door.
Cas looked at him with confused eyes, head tilting. “It’s okay, Dean. I am truly fine.” he said but before Dean could reply they heard Sam walking in the room, eyes stuck on the iPad in his hand.
Instead, Dean’s overwhelmed head started throbbing with confusion. He furrowed his brows and looked at Cas’s face for any indication on what he meant. He knew his powers were decreasing with time but had he actually lost his Grace before the Empty took him? How? Had Dean not noticed? Oh, God, had Cas become human somehow among all the Chuck drama and Dean hadn’t even noticed?
Dean was suddenly filled with shame at how quickly he had taken the deal. Only now, looking down at Cas’s pale face did he allow himself to think of the consequences. Would he hate him for it? Would he even want to look at him? Or stay?
Cas tightened his arms against him, echoing his words. Dean let his lips deposit a small kiss on the side of his neck before trailing them up to Cas’s ear.
If someone asked him to measure his love of Dean now against the last time, Castiel would say it was more. More love, more affection and more pain. Castiel had made the decision to love Dean in silence from now on. Dean had proved himself to be a great friend, overlooking Castiel’s uncomfortable feelings of love and working hard to get him out of the Empty. Castiel was grateful. And Castiel realized that this fact only made him fall in love with Dean even deeper. Dean was willing to forgive and forget his declaration of love and he was willing to keep being his friend. Castiel did not have any right to expect anything more than that.
‘cause it don’t feel anything at all. But Dean hates it most. He never wants to be drugged again.
didn’t, I thought an impermeable celestial wall between us might finally be the thing to do the trick. But we both know how that one goes.”
“You’ve been out here a while.”
he thinks as if Cas might hear him.
“Was that you?”
He pulled his hand gently out of Dean’s grip & moved to raise it towards his forehead. Then, seeming to think better of it, dropped it back down. Hesitantly, he took a step closer, as if Dean might want to put some more distance between them. As if Dean could ever want Cas to step away.
“But it doesn’t matter how strong you are or how strong you think you are capable of being. Nothing wins against a godless man.”
“Besides, I don’t have my wings anyway,” he hands the cigarette back to Dean, filter side out, burning end pointed at himself.
It goes down easier than he’d thought it would: he’d imagined he’d be coughing & sputtering like a gaggle of 15-year-olds behind a skip passing around a stolen gold — not that he’s ever done that (or known anybody that did) — but the burn is still stronger than he remembers. Then again, he’s gotten old.
Grace, the fact that Cas was never actually killed but instead collected, was pointed to them.
Cas could feel shame coloring his cheeks. The truth was he didn’t expect it to be so cold. He had only spent a few minutes outside and while the cold was invigorating at first, he soon realized his mistake.
“Just wait for him to wake up first and actually ask for his Grace back, and then come annoy me and the supernatural beings in charge of other dominions.” he shouted behind his back before he disappeared down the hallway.
It was scary, the way Cas’s touch felt like healing. Palm against his cheek, thumb brushing below his eye and Dean’s chest started feeling lighter. All the guilt was there still, but Cas was here, and he was alive, and he was touching him so softly.
Dean armed himself with the hope of seeing Cas again and walked into that room. He followed Sam’s orders and drew the sigils. He measured the ingredients, and he double checked the instructions. He sat back as Sam performed the last steps of the spell. He kept his eyes glued to the wall as black bubbled out of it. He let a sound escape his throat when Cas stood in front of them, trench coat and crooked tie included. He let himself get filled with hope and took a step forward before Sam stopped him. He then looked at the figure in front of him again and felt his blood go cold when he realized the look on Cas’s face was alien on him. It took him two more seconds to realize what was standing in front of them, trapped in something akin to a devil’s trap, was the Empty wearing Cas’s image.
Still, he was enjoying it very much and informed Dean and Sam so as he was chewing. Dean beamed back at him and started talking about all the different kinds of peanut butter and jelly they could buy so he could decide on his favorite.
Dean started to fight with him immediately, but Sam continued. “He’s still human, Dean. He will wake up sore and in pain if he stays here. Let’s get him lying on a bed, he will be more comfortable.” Sam explained patiently. Dean seemed to consider this for a second and then nodded.
Sam sighed and threw a look at him. “What the hell is up with that, Dean? Do you think we can just go to the store and get Cas some Grace?” he asked walking away from the bed.
“’Night, Cas. See you in the morning.” Dean muttered with a smile closing the door behind him.
Sam was still standing on the other side of the bed. Ignoring him, Dean stood up and went to his dresser. Rummaging around a little he found the softest pair of sweatpants and a worn but comfortable t-shirt. He opened the underwear drawer, and he hesitated a moment before grabbing a pair of one of the unused and unopened boxer briefs. One good thing about hunting- all the blood meant you had to always buy and keep extra clothing around.
Spending months fixing up the house, their whole family working on it. And on their first night officially in it, Jack appearing with a smile and a pie. Cas hugging their son, fighting back tears. All five of them eating together, sharing laughs and stories and filling Jack in on the last year, even though they all know he already is aware of everything. Seeing Cas and Jack sharing cups of hot chocolate in front of the fireplace, heads together and talking quietly, while Dean washes up and Sam is passed out on the couch, Eileen reading next to him. Jack simply saying how happy he is and promising to visit more from now on. Jody, Donna, Claire and Kaia visiting for the weekend, bringing news of Patience and Alex with them.
That smile had haunted his days and nights for weeks now. In between all the searching for a way to get into the Empty, he had gone through all the possible scenarios in his head.
“Shit, Cas. I’m sorry.” he muttered, not looking at Cas’s eyes.
Sam cleared his throat and started wrapping Cas up in one of the blankets. “You can’t stay in this dungeon holding him for hours, Dean.” he said strictly.
“Thank you for getting me pie, Cas.” he said smiling. Cas gave him a big smile back.
Dean fought the urge to stand up and zip up the hoodie to keep the cold draft of the bunker away from Cas. Looking at his feet he realized that he was wearing no socks or slippers.
again and again. He had fractured two fingers punching a wall in the middle of the night. He had cried and he had cursed the world and he had hated himself more than ever.
Castiel thought he felt a warmth seep through his hands. He thought of a name he had uttered thousands of times before and a face that was etched into his heart.
The kiss was soft and full of everything left unsaid. Their lips were barely moving against each other. Dean was pouring everything he couldn’t contain anymore in this kiss. His head and his heart were a mess, trying to understand how Cas was content staying human and how he could still want him in the first place. Trying to clear his head, he moved his lips a breath away from Cas’s, giving him the chance to push him away if he wished so. Instead, Cas’s shaky exhale of breath echoed in Dean’s ears before he slotted his mouth back on Dean’s, kissing him deeper. Lips moving against lips hard and demanding for a few seconds before Dean heard the sweetest sound escaping Cas's throat. He answered by inhaling it down, lips parting on their own accord.
“Sit down, you idiot.” he mumbled.
“It’ll be fine. I can stay here, and you can go find him some Grace.” Dean mumbled, securing the blanket over Cas’s shoulder. At this Sam stopped unfolding the second blanket and looked at his brother.
“Couldn’t sleep. Thought a beer might help.” Dean answered standing up and proceeding to take off his own slippers, thanking himself for always wearing thick socks when he got up from bed at night.
Sam sat down on one of the library armchairs and after pressing on his phone screen for a couple seconds he pulled it up against his ear. On the second ring the line connected.
“Good morning, Dean. I woke up early and I thought it was a good opportunity to watch the sunrise.”
Cas looked between Sam and Dean confused, trying to ask the question he had behind his lips before the Empty snapped its fingers again and Cas started falling to the ground. Dean let a strangled cry escape his lips and rushed forward before Sam grabbed him with both arms. He fought against him for a few seconds, the only thought in his head the fact that Cas was there, and he had to get to him, catch him from falling. He had to touch him and make sure he was real. But Sam’s grip was strong, and he was talking about the sigils breaking down if they set foot in the bubble and how Cas, who was now lying on the floor, would be okay.
Eating now. He is eating now because he’s human now.
Castiel returned on this cursed and blessed Earth on a Thursday, very fittingly. A portal had to be opened and a deal had to be reached but, in the end, the Empty spit out the angel naked in every sense on the word. He was lying on the cold stone floor of the bunker wearing nothing, as human as he could be.
Dean turned to look at him like he was not understanding. “Sam, he’ll be pissed if he wakes up and is human. We gotta find him some Grace. Then he can wake up and take it and he’ll be fine.” he said, voice growing angrier by the minute.
“Did you have money on you?” he asked carving another piece out.
When Cas looked at Dean there were tears brimming in his eyes. He took a quick breath, lips trembling, and Dean watched as a tear rolled down Cas’s cheek, the view of it constricting something in Dean’s chest.
So, sitting here in the bunker’s kitchen in the company of Sam and Dean, it filled him with a warm feeling in his chest. Whatever happened he knew he was back where he belonged. Cas stole a quick glance towards Dean’s side only to find him already looking back. He gave him a small smile, feeling his face warming.
“See? Just have some, man.” he said.
“Love you so much.” he whispered softly, wrapping Cas up in his arms, face burying against his neck, his scarf scratching at his face. He smelled like sleep and soap and early morning and Dean wanted to always wake up to this exact smell from now on.
Cas smiled and looked down at his plate picking up his sandwich. “I beg to differ.” he said softly biting at the sweet treat. Dean just smiled back at him, taking a bite of his own, greasier breakfast.
Cas looked at him perplexed. “But these are your slippers, Dean. I can go back to my room and get some socks.” he said trying to stand up before Dean spoke.
Dean nodded and looked at Sam before speaking. “I’m sure you do, buddy. Let’s get you some food and we’ll explain everything.” he said, smiling softly at Cas and clapping his shoulder a couple times.
When he entered the kitchen, Dean was already there, as usual, cup of coffee steaming in his hands. He looked up as Cas walked in and a huge grin appeared on his face at seeing him.
Stunned, Cas turned to look at him in question. When Dean failed to utter another word, Cas closed his eyes and took a deep breath.
The promise of the strongest chance they had was what had made Dean walk into the room he had last seen Cas in. For almost seven weeks he hadn’t stepped foot in it. The pain of the memories was enough. Sam had been kind enough to wash the blood off the wall and the floor. He had cleaned the blade, which was now sitting hidden away in a drawer in Dean’s room.
But this? Now?
Dean avoided looking at Cas’s eyes, neatly folding the clothes away in the dresser. There was a red tinge over his cheeks which made Cas smile.
Cas turning around in his arms, making him promise they will have a garden. Dean, whispering “Anything you want, sweetheart.” and Cas kissing him senseless right there and then.
Dean could hear his heart beating in his ears and he could feel Cas’s pulse beating against his palm, matching his rhythm. And as he was getting more and more lost in the taste and feel of Cas, he decided to trust in him, as he always did. As long as Cas was happy, it didn’t matter to Dean if he was human or angel or a friggin’ platypus. He let a groan escape from the back of his throat as he moved himself to fit against Cas even better, pulling him even closer.
Dean shifted in his seat, clearing his throat and lowering his gaze. Cas looked at Sam with questioning eyes why that made his brother uncomfortable.
“I just need you.” he whispered.
“He… he l-loved me, Sammy.” he whispered. “He told me he loved me and then he was gone.” he continued, eyes closing, tears rolling down his cheek. “He lo-loved me, and he died for it.” he sobbed, fingers pressing hard against his eyes. Dean tried taking a deep, shuddering breath before he continued.
“Here, keep this on for a while.” he muttered, hands rubbing at Cas’s arms. “I’ll get you some cold weather stuff, okay?” he said. Cas nodded and smiled.
“Just sit down and drink your beer, Cas. Keep them on, for God’s sake.” he muttered taking a sip. “Why are you up anyway?” he asked.
“Dean.” Cas whispered and Dean weakened his hold on Cas’s wrists.
Any little thing he could have done to keep Cas there, to keep the Empty from swallowing him up. Or even, for the Empty to also take Dean along with Cas.
Sam took a deep breath. It had been months of trying to reason with Dean on various matters, most of them involving Cas. He thought about it for a minute and then tried the one thing he knew would work on his brother at the moment.
Cas could get used to this. Sharing two hours next to Dean almost every night, laughing when Eileen signed jokes at him from the other couch and watching Dean throwing popcorn at Sam’s hair.
“I love you, Cas.”
“It took me so long, Cas and in the end, I left a piece of you behind. And I know you probably hate me for it, I know! You are Graceless and you didn’t even choose it. But I had to get you back, Cas. I’d do anything not to have taken this away from you, but I was not going to leave you there. You belong here, Cas. You- you died to save me. It was my fault, you sacrificed yourself and you shouldn’t have to.” Dean said, a lump in his throat and tears threatening to spill. Cas was standing in front him with big eyes full of wonder and patience, lips trembling and pulse dancing beneath Dean’s fingers.
All the while his mind was blank. He was looking at Cas like he was seeing him for the first time. The adrenaline and rush he was riding just a few minutes ago were now withdrawing, leaving him tired and boneless. The same words were running through his head repeatedly.
Sam went on to explain the events of the previous day, Cas nodding along.
Holding Cas’s body close to him he turned and looked at his younger brother who was already staring back at him with a surprised but hopeful look, taking off the flannel shirt he was wearing on top of a t-shirt.
Cas was stiff for a moment but then he slowly brought his arms up to hug him back. Dean buried his face against Cas’s shoulder.
The small touches were the worst. Palms clapping shoulders in passing, fingers brushing when handing the remote over, knuckles touching his neck when he wrapped the scarf around him.
Didn’t he know how loved he was by everyone in the bunker? Didn’t he know how precious he was to Dean?
The creature looked intrigued to have been summoned. It toyed with Dean’s pain and was far too interested to find out how they had managed to summon and contain it. It laughed at the demands Dean made. After an hour or two the sigils were still holding. The Empty was still trapped. Its irritatingly calm façade soon fell. It quickly dawned on Dean that it had been trying to find a way to break free of the sigils holding it trapped in the invisible bubble surrounding the wall it had emerged from and, as it seemed, had failed.
(See the end of the chapter for
"It was great, Cas. We really have to do this again." Dean said, sheepishly.
Emmanuel tilted his head. "I really appreciate you letting me use it. You've been too kind to me."
"This situation needs to stop. We have to do something," Sam thought, standing up to create some plan.
Castiel smiled and placed a soft kiss on the nape of his neck, "Of course, Dean. But first, we kill Michael."
Follow me on Tumblr,  I'm
Hi! It's time for KimRis.  This fic was written for the Writersmonth.  Day 9. Word: darkness. Setting: Criminals  AU/MOB AU.
He saw the vampire enter inside a church and Dean followed him, where inside it was all dimly lit. No soul inside could be seen. Dean swallowed and tightened his grip on the handle of his machete as he made his way inside. He flicked his eyes from side to side and walked quietly in the middle of the banks. The altar lay like ghostly white in front of him.
"I know, it's written on your badge," Geralt chuckled, and he looked even more beautiful.
Time for some more KimRis!
The guy narrowed his eyes and put the spoon back in the can, "I don't think I have…"
Bobby, Emmanuel, and Dean followed him.
"I think the kid grew up after all." After saying this, Rufus chuckled and wheeled around. He found Emmanuel staring at him with a curious frown. "Who is this?" Rufus asked, perplexed.
Dean snatched the phone from Castiel's hand with a scowl, "We are already here!"
Firefighter Geralt rescues Bobby, Jaskier's dog.
The cabin's door slammed open as a thundered and  Castiel and Dean entered inside, blade and guns ready.
Bartholomew took a couple of threatening steps forward. "You two better go home and stay out of this if you wanna keep living," he warned, then patted Uriel's chest. "Let's go."
Bobby noticed the hint of sadness in Dean's voice and eyes. He didn't push Dean for more information.
"Maybe I'm the one who needs it," Dean pleaded, biting his lower lip.
"Yeah, all right," Bobby snorted, then he patted Sam's shoulder and added, "Let's get back to work."
Dean scowled. "I'll call Cas again," he muttered.
Geralt wanted a tattoo, but he ended up buying flowers...
Dean scoffed, "The only good thing about thunderstorms is…"
"How are you going to call him?" asked Sam.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel chuckled again, "I would love that."
"I never thought an actual angel would answer my prayers…" Toth mocked.
One night, they were hunting a nest of vampires close to the London bridge. Dean had seen how gloomy London could be at night, with the constant fog and darkness. And that night was especially gloomy. They found six vampires, and they decapitated five of them. The sixth one escaped through a window.
Dean gave Emmanuel a shotgun. "They're falling in the woods. We'll go first. Come on," the leader ordered and Emmanuel followed him.
His younger brother Sam passed by him, carrying a wounded man. Dean encouraged him by patting his shoulder. When the last rebel was safe, Dean ran to them and locked the bunker's doors under the cabins.
"Why should I believe you?" Dean questioned. The angel was now close enough to stare into his eyes. Dean swallowed.
"Angels!!! They found us!!" One soldier shouted. Everyone grabbed their weapons as they hid behind the barricades.
Dean side-eyed him for a moment, and then he chuckled. "Well… there's nothing extraordinary about me…you know," he muttered, embarrassed.
Bartholomew and Uriel wheeled around to watch the other angels. Some of them were screaming and grasping at their heads.
Sam twisted his body to face her., "What do you mean,
"I'll go for him!" Dean shouted, running after him.
Hi! I'm back this time with day 10 from Writersmonth. Word: sunshine. Setting: Getting aged/Deaged.
"Yes, exactly," the hunter said, with fondness in his voice.
Another destiel fic for Writersmonth 2021. Day 23. Word: Truth. Setting: Arranged Marriage.
? Do you hunt ghosts too?" Castiel asked, surprisingly.
Emmanuel nodded.
It was late at night when a noise woke Castiel up. He took his rod and went out of his room. The whump was heard again downstairs, so he rushed his steps.
just because I was bored, looking for something to entertain myself." Toth raised his chin and Dean noticed a sparkle in his eyes as he watched Castiel. The hunter pursed his lips. "And I found you," the god added, "But… there is something odd about you. I didn't know what it was at first but now…" Toth approached Castiel and tried to touch something invisible over his head, and Dean took two steps forward to protect his friend. Castiel frowned as the god kept his fingers dancing over him. "Now… I see the threads, controlling your mind."
"No! No! Stay away from me!" he yelled, taking his shotgun and pointing at the angel. "You lied to me." Dean spoke in a hushed tone, a hint of disappointment in his gaze.
" he whispered, and Dean grinned curiously. He sat up toward Castiel, who was still standing, placed his hands on Cas' strong thighs and raised his eyes to him.
"Now I understand why everyone says that you are the most handsome angel in Heaven. You're really dazzling," Sam continued, caressing Cas's hand that was holding the cup. The angel was startled and Dean jumped to his feet.
Dean and Cas exchanged one last gaze before the angels flew away.
Cas and Dean share some love after pizza and hunting.
"Cas…" Dean whispered, blushing.
"War? Are we at war?" Castiel asked as Dean turned his face to him.
"If I don't do this, your people will never be left in peace. Let me do this. I will come back to you."
(See the end of the chapter for
"What a beautiful irony," Zachariah observed, raising his eyebrows. "Do it. It's time to put an end to this drama."
When Dean saw him coming out of his cabin, he stood up and walked towards him. "My clothes look good on you," he said, with a shy smile.
"Cas, you rescued me from Hell! How could you forget that?" Dean lost his patience,  "And you were about to tell me something! You were about to help me! What's wrong with you, Cas? Did they brainwash you or…?"
"6 PM, I know, I work crossing the avenue, and I've seen you walking towards the bus station everyday." Geralt confessed, with a mischievous sparkle in his golden eyes.
Dean spread his blanket and stared at Castiel with a red face. Then the angel opened his eyes and blinked nervously.
Dean almost bumped his head on the car hood. He wheeled around, and his grin was so wide, it seemed as if it wouldn't fit on his face. "Cas! You're back."
The sun kept rising behind him. In the distance Lebanon was waking up. Everything was the same and everything was different. Because, as Dean was finally mapping Cas’s mouth with his own, he knew this was it. Dean’s place would be here from now on, holding on to Cas.
Cas looked at him in confusion, head tilting in his signature way. Dean had stopped pretending it wasn’t adorable years ago and now, upon seeing it, he felt his heart warming amongst all the pain and guilt. Dean carried on talking when he saw Cas opening his mouth. He had to apologize, he had to explain.
“What are you doing up here so early, Sunshine?” he asked as he came to stand close to Cas. The endearment fell naturally off his lips, but he couldn’t even find an excuse to try and take it back, not when Cas’s smile was brighter than the rising sun behind him.
“He is not coming back.” Dean mumbled, voice slurring, gaze stuck on the floor.
Dean sobered up quickly as he remembered that Cas is not supposed to eat breakfast and be cold and shivering, as he is now. He let his eyes fall down, staring hard at the ground feeling anger building up inside his chest. It had been a week and all Dean had given Cas was PB&Js and a handful of clothes when the truth was, Cas wasn’t supposed to need either.
Sitting on the couch next to Dean filled Cas with glee. He had always liked watching movies with him but now it felt different. Reaching across to other end of the couch to offer popcorn to Dean every now and then, and catching his concentrated face bathed in the blue light of the television made Cas’s heart beat faster. Because every single time, Dean peeled his eyes off the screen and offered Cas a small smile while he picked up a handful of the white morsels.
Sam and Eileen reorganizing the bunker and opening it up to hunters anywhere. Building up a hunter network Bobby and Mary would have been proud of and even using technology Charlie would highly approve of. And then, with much prodding from Dean, moving out of the bunker but still close by. Sam and Eileen marrying on a summer night, and news of a baby Leahy- Winchester following on a winter one.
“He is okay, Dean. He’s just sleeping.” Sam said in a careful voice. “We have to get him on a bed.” he continued slowly unfolding one blanket. Dean looked at him, face blank and wet.
Dean felt shame creep up his spine.
At this Dean lifted his head sharply and looked at his brother. “Temporarily.” he hissed. He turned to look at Cas. “We’ll find you some Grace, Cas. You won’t need to stay human for long, I promise.” he said.
