Rosie is wailing, seemingly distressed and angry at having been neglected for longer than necessary. “Oh, sweetheart,” John murmurs and picks her up. “What’s wrong? Did you have a bad dream?” he asks, holding her close to his chest for a little before starting to rock her gently.
“A dream version of this,” he gestures between the two of them. “That’s not all we get. We get the real thing. Much better.”
“I can’t,” Sherlock sobbed and hid his face in the pillow, desperately trying to suppress the tears and failing bitterly.
Nevertheless, wishing and longing wouldn't alter the situation. He couldn't go back in time and re-live the situation. He couldn't change what happened or what he had said.
"To shake things up a bit tonight, we now come to the greatest part of the night. Lads, it's time to look up from your drinks and … my dear ladies? We hope you haven't toed off your heels yet! The dance floor calls for all of you now, come on. Let's see some movement here. Yes, yes perfect!" Some girls chuckled cheerfully as they pulled their boyfriends by the collar or best friends by the hand to the dance floor.
»No, Sherlock, I can’t! Because your silence and your frustration are driving me mad and I can’t do anything about it as I don’t know what the hell is going on!«
His vision was already a bit blurred, and the disco lights did nothing to improve that, but to his left, there was a row of tables on one of which Mike and Bill were sitting with two blonde girls. His eyes roamed the room. He had never seen so many people almost squashing themselves to dance close to one another.
John looked at Sherlock for clarification. He hadn’t understood. Sherlock, however, had understood him perfectly.
"Only sometimes," Sherlock murmurs before he invades John’s personal space once more and resumes to involve John’s mouth in a more pleasant activity than talking.
Sherlock held onto his hands with all his might, so he wouldn’t squeeze any harder. “Get off me,” he wheezed. Too difficult – to breathe – too quickly.
»Yes, I did. Open your mouth.« Sherlock complied and did as John asked. He was in doctor-mode now. If he indeed had a temperature, John wouldn’t let him leave the house until he was well again, not even if Lestrade phoned to give him a case. This was rather depressing.
“Thankfully you’re playing with us now,” Greg told him and high-fived him this time and Sherlock couldn’t help but grin now.
He wants to text Sherlock again, but he knows it’s pointless. If he wanted to see him, he would do so. So instead, John spends the days watching the raindrops running down the windows, the clouds fly by, talking to the nurses and his doctor.
When John came home from work in the late afternoon and found Sherlock in his thinking pose on the sofa, he smiled fondly at him and then went into the kitchen to put the kettle on. He shed his coat as he waited for the water to boil and prepared two cups of tea.
“I didn’t want to go, but she insisted. She moved to Manchester the day after that and I did her a favour,” Sherlock muttered.
“All right.” John reached for the sphygmomanometer and took Sherlock’s blood pressure. “155 to 108. We need to lower it quickly or we’ll increase the risk of a heart attack.”
Sherlock couldn’t remember what he did to keep himself occupied and not completely go mad because of their little argument. Was it even that little? John was angry after all and that made him stay out for hours. At some point Sherlock started to worry. He knew John usually leaves the flat when they argue because he’s aware he’d only make it worse if he stayed. It wasn’t running away from their problems, it was a good thing perhaps. They were both known to be very stubborn when it came to the question of who was right. So John leaving before things escalated was the best solution available.
Sherlock buried his head deeper in the warm pillow and took a deep breath, trying to get rid of the lump in his throat by swallowing a few times. His hands trembled and he dug his fingers into the sheets to stop them from shaking. “The MI6 offered me a job which required me to do undercover work in Eastern Europe. It would have been … fatal. Six months were all I had, according to Mycroft’s estimate.”
He has expected things to become awkward once he'd be back in their flat, but somehow it isn't. Sherlock has already been waiting for him. Like the version of him in the back of John's head had predicted.
They got up, but how they made it up the stairs was still a mystery to Sherlock. He remembered the nervous feeling sneaking back into his mind, his chest, his bones, but the click of the door falling into its hinge made him come back to reality and reminded him of what was about to happen. He half expected that John was about to push him back until his thighs hit the bed, but instead, he wound both arms around Sherlock's waist, pulling him close and kissing him so softly all the air in his lungs left him. The haste that had controlled them just moments ago was gone; the frantic movements and heated kisses turned into calm and dignified ones.
The fever must have got higher, making Sherlock suffer from chills. “I’ll clean out the bucket and get you some water to rinse out your mouth, all right?” he asked him calmly. “And then I’ll take your temperature again.”
"John, I think I should head upstairs and check on Rosie. She's been unnaturally quiet today, and while I don't think there is any reason for concern, she might be coming down with a cold or something. It's going around again."
His skin prickled at the touch, and when John's hand came up to cup his cheek lightly, he reached for his shirt, digging his fingers into the fabric. He was falling, and nothing but this gave him stability.
“I am not mocking you, Sherlock. Honestly,” John answered. “Here, take it and drink this.” He handed him his glass of water. “It will make you feel a bit tired, but at least you might be able to sleep through the rest of the night.”
Hearing this, he immediately sneaked through the corridor, but then stopped. He'd go to look for him in his room first, so this was certainly not an option. How he dreaded whatever was about to happen! He simply couldn't face John. Not now. Not until … not until he would be able to look at him again and not hurt all over and inside. John could break through all his walls with only a look, only a smile, only a couple of kind words. He had already managed it once, and Sherlock knew he would again. And again and again and again until he had nothing left to guard himself with.
He lies there for a while, just breathing – inhaling the scent of Sherlock’s ridiculously expensive and yet infuriatingly sweet smelling shampoo, nuzzling into the soft curls, brushing his lips over his nape. His arm tightens instinctively around Sherlock’s still sleeping form.
»Looks like you’re getting a cold,« John declared as Sherlock raised the mug to his lips to take a sip, »probably caused by hypothermia. You should take a steam bath. It’ll clear your lungs and relieve the cough and afterwards you should go to bed and rest.«
And now he was at Mike's house, probably worrying them all night and all day, in John's bed. As much as he welcomed that last part, he had hoped the circumstances of it were different – if it ever happened at all, that was.
“You’re very pale, Liebling,” Karla stated. “Come, let’s go to the living room and talk about this over a cup of tea. I’ll make some.”
Endless seconds passed before he dared to lift his lids once more and glance at John out of the corner of his eyes. He was squinting against the brightness, too.
When they pulled apart after a little while, John was smiling up at him. With one last peck, they parted, and John headed for the kitchen to make tea. Sherlock sank down on the sofa.
»Well, according to you I am an idiot, too. Now, go,« John told him and squeezed his arm gently. Sherlock looked at John’s hand where it was touching him and closed his eyes for a moment. »Take care of yourself, and don’t you dare do anything stupid or rash. Text me if anything goes wrong and you
»She and Clara are back together,« John explained. »They probably want to be alone. Not that I mind.«
Sherlock's silhouette stands out in the soft light of the street lamps shining through the window behind him.
men because of the consequences it involved – my horrible father finding out and wanting me to go to hell. People’s expectations of you in general."
Sherlock wasn’t sure if this was heaven or hell. Possibly both at once. It was too much, so many sensations that he had never felt before were crashing over him, flooding his brain, switching it off, but it was not enough at the same time.
John took Sherlock's hands between his own. “I’ll be there from now on. I should have listened when your brother told me a few years ago.”
“Let me,” John whispers. It is his turn to touch Sherlock after all the times he touched him in his dreams. He wants to feel every inch of him, run his fingers over every patch of naked skin, but when he sees the devilish look in Sherlock’s eyes, he is reminded that Sherlock has never touched him at all. Not this version of him. He deserves to feel him, too, to roam his hands and lips all over his body.
John’s hand stopped moving. “I’m not going to watch you kill yourself. Not again, Sherlock,” he said. “You told me about your plan, remember? Do you honestly think I pretended to forgive my ex-assassin wife who’s been working for Moriarty and is probably still a threat for both of us and try to live a perfectly normal life with her for you to abandon your– ”
“This is it. I’ll take you to hospital. They can take better care of you,” John said and stepped towards him, trying to steer him out of the room, but Sherlock leant forward on the desk, his head hanging from his shoulders.
»Well, someone’s really cut up. What’s the matter, love?« John asked softly and sat down on the sofa, resting a hand on Sherlock’s arm.
Hesitating, Sherlock took two steaming mugs upstairs to John’s room. He knocked at the door carefully with his elbow so he didn’t spill anything. »John?« he asked quietly.
"Tasted blood, eh?" John teased, and his fingers were ghosting over his bare back, tingling slightly.
When he thought of everything that had happened last night, the vomiting, the suppressed tears, the hug, the carrying, the leg compresses and the constant wiping and cooling Sherlock’s forehead and neck, he teared up.
Before John left, he had quickly put on a t-shirt and his boxer briefs, leaving Sherlock even more frustrated. “Not exactly the view I was hoping for.”
John laughs quietly and presses a last kiss to his hair before he settles down against the pillow to sleep – with the knowledge that when he wakes up, Sherlock will still be here.
The bag was full of video cassettes. “I’m surprised they let you get away with this as hand luggage.”
John smirked and pressed a kiss to his collarbone, trailing over his neck, his chin until he found Sherlock's lips and sealed them with his own. "You're right, that's only fair," he answered and kissed him properly. Sherlock tasted himself on John's tongue. The fact that he would do this for him was something Sherlock hadn't even dared to dream of. It had felt utterly amazing, positively earth-shattering, and agonising at the same time.
“This is no stupid, meaningless teenage summer love,” Sherlock said earnestly with no trace of doubt in his voice.
John fiddles with his fingers nervously as he thinks about what has happened and what it has made of him, so lost in thought that he jerks when the door to his room suddenly opens, and Sherlock enters.
Retreating to his Mind Palace, he hoped to get some useful information that might help him with his search. He thought of the things John liked or particularly enjoyed, things he would appreciate or accept with a thanking smile, but also things he would pretend to be grateful for and yet put away as soon as nobody was looking and never take out again.
“You wanna sleep on the streets?” John asked with one of those lovely grins Sherlock couldn’t get enough of.
But nevertheless, he was worried. He had never done this with another person before; he didn't know what was expected of him, and he had hoped he would have a bit more time to find out the dynamics of this. Did John really want to jump into his pants after less than a week? Sherlock took a deep breath and considered pulling away. God, he had never felt this pressured.
“This has got nothing to do with you,” Sherlock repeated the words he had already told Mycroft on the jet.
Sherlock calls his name urgently from upstairs. His heart sinks before he even knows what is going on. “John!”
John laughs, watching him reverently and fondly. He rolls on the condom, giving himself two or three strokes, and leans forward, hovering above Sherlock and kissing the tip of his nose, his cheekbone, and finally his lips. “I love you, too,” he grins sweetly.
John shook his head. »Nobody deserves to spend Christmas alone. Not even your brother, no matter how arrogantly he behaves…«
He pulled them down his hips slowly and threw them off the bed. John hissed when the cold air enveloped his erection. Sherlock was breathing heavily now. He looked down and … swallowed hard.
A pang of pain made his heart ache at the thought of leaving John behind alone for Christmas when they could have just this, no matter where or when. It was an unacceptable thought. If it didn’t break his mother’s heart not to have him come home for Christmas, he would stay with John over the holidays. But–
»No need to be embarrassed, love,« his mother said. »Christmas is the time you’re supposed to spend with loved ones. »Isn’t that right, dear?« she asked her husband who had just entered the corridor and stepped towards her.
He fell when the sensation was too much, when it was overwhelming him like a flood during a storm. He could hear his heartbeat, even feel it. Or was it John’s? He wasn’t sure, he was unable to find out because John moaned into his ear as he followed Sherlock down the cliff and right into the water where they found each other again, heaving and clinging to one another as though something threatened to tear them apart.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and reached for another piece of wrapping paper, folding it neatly around the present and applying duct tape to hold it in place.
There were many beaches in the small town his grandma lived in, but if you wanted soft sand, you would have to walk right until you reached the haven. Just behind it, there was a huge beach that had changed a lot since he was here last. They put up a net for people who wanted to play beach volleyball and just next to the court there was a beach hut where they sold drinks and snacks.
»No, we literally slept together. Just … just that, just sleeping. God, he was having a nightmare and he couldn’t go back to sleep so I– I sang to him. I don’t know what got into me, but– Jesus, Greg I almost changed the words of
He even taught him his tricks of his volleyball repertoire. Bill said he never shared those with anyone, so Sherlock guessed something about him intrigued John.
John sighed. Sherlock could see in the way he held himself that he was clearly not fine. He had trouble breathing, too.
Sherlock would never know so he didn’t go into it any further. Instead he looked down into his mug with a blush and was instantly relieved it was so dark in the room.
Sherlock shook his head. "So far there were no others," he snorted bitterly and took a huge gulp of his drink. It started to numb his senses, and he needed more of it. "Even if there were, it would be none of my business. Contrary to all of your suspicions, I'm his friend, nothing more."
“No …” Sherlock’s voice was weaker than before. “We’ll solve the case, John. I told you, … I promised you.”
, warmed him through and through and he was happy John placed so much trust in him to sing in his presence, to sing
Sherlock brings his leg between John’s and grinds it against his middle, making him gasp into the kiss – an opportunity that Sherlock uses to his advantage instantly. His tongue darts between John’s lips to find his counterpart in his mouth.
When Sherlock woke, it was well past eleven. His head felt funny, stinging a little at the brightness that was flooding the room. Warmth radiated from another body beside him, a pleasant feeling compared to the headache torturing his mind. John was sleeping peacefully, but there were dark shadows underneath his eyes. The exhaustion from days of not sleeping properly was showing now. There were no lines on his forehead and none around his eyes as he slept soundly, catching the sleep he had denied himself during long nights of typing and reading and typing some more. The dim light that fell through the window covered by light green curtains gleamed on his face.
Sherlock laughed at that and shook his head in amusement. “So have your ‘many talents’ worked on a girl from here so far?”
Since John had moved in with Mary, the brothers’ relationship had changed for the better. He had even phoned Mycroft on John’s damn wedding day because he dreaded being alone in this unsettling situation for God’s sake.
Sherlock nods, brushing their noses together and pulling his knees up. John lubes himself up, lines up and pushes in, slowly, carefully, inch by inch. The sensation is amazing; it’s tight and hot and wet and phenomenal. He’s not even halfway inside Sherlock, but he has to stop to take inhale deeply, to give Sherlock a moment, too. The air seems to have lost all its oxygen. He’s breathing heavily.
He imagined what it could be like if he dared to tell John about them and if John actually felt the same. It was a ridiculous thought of course. It was not an option to them and it would never be. He shouldn’t be picturing it; he was aware of that, but it was such a pleasant creation of his mind.
»This is the most ugly piece of clothing I have ever seen in my entire life. Why the hell would you own something like this?« Sherlock looked at him with a shocked expression.
“You don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to,” she reassured him. “But it’ll help, talking about this.”
No careful feet moved over the wooden floor. No sound made its way through the suffocating tranquillity. But then …
»What’s so funny about that?« the detective asked, leaning against the doorframe with his arms crossed.
They walked in comfortable silence until they reached Sherlock’s doorstep. “All right then, thanks for … earlier.”
If Sherlock were to hug John, he would squeeze all the air out of his lungs. Instead, he leant forward and kissed John fiercely, hoping it would convey his gratitude. Bill, Mike and Greg always just teased about John's many talents in bed, making him assume that's all John ever wanted. Being in bed with someone, hooking up, looking for quick relief, seeking a wild, rough and messy thing. Maybe one part of John was like that; perhaps he would want that sometimes. Perhaps Sherlock would want it, too, but he simply couldn't imagine John being like this at this moment. Right now, all he saw were the softness that lay in his eyes, the gentle smile making his lips curl upwards and the tender fingers caressing his cheek, and he couldn't see the part of John his friends usually talked about. It appeared to be non-existent.
»Everything you gave me this year is already so much more than I ever dared to imagine to have. I never thought that this – us was ever going to be a possibility. So being with you, being able to touch you, to hold you, to come home to you, knowing you feel the same way about me like I do about you, is the best gift you could’ve given me even though it’s not quite Christmas yet. This is all I ever wanted, love. All I wanted for Christmas was you, and now we’ve got each other. This is better than any Christmas present you can buy in the shops.«
John set it to Bill who set it back to him, then he smashed, but with a lot less force than Sherlock had anticipated, making it easy for him to get the ball to Greg. "What was that?" Greg laughed amusedly. "You getting out of breath, John?" Back to Sherlock. Run. Jump. Smash!
John reached for his hips and pulled him close, moving in for an almost kiss, then pushed him away all but dramatically in the next beat. For the length of half a chorus, they danced individually, nevertheless keeping their eyes on each other and reaching for one another when it matched the rhythm. Sherlock swung to his left, John to his right and back, finding each other in a twirl. John pulled him back with a twist and dipped him both to Sherlock's surprise
Buying another train ticket was giving in, but then agreeing to accompany Irene to the disco was giving in as well. To solve his dilemma and calm his nerves he reached for his violin case. When he opened it, however, another rush of nerviness flushed his veins, spreading from head to toe but gathering especially around his middle.
, and John had pulled him close as soon as he’d heard the intro. Swaying back and forth, they let the music carry them through the first verse.
Emotions became a necessary evil; always present, always threatening to take over, but with a little practice, Sherlock managed to overcome their monumental intensity.
Mycroft clears his throat, swirling his umbrella. "Fine, then, Doctor Watson, I was indeed merely trying to show you that I am, in fact, kind-hearted and not as bad a person as you make me out to be, but as I am clearly not wanted here, I can only leave you with my best wishes. I'll be checking up on you regularly." He points the tip of his umbrella towards one of the security cameras on the ceiling of the hall pointing towards John’s room and then saunters out.
“Sex isn’t everything to me, Sherlock,” John told him, his voice firm. “If you decide you don’t want to, not for now, or even
"Well, you… you told me about him–"Sherlock’s eyes are hard on his, threatening to pierce through his skull. “I never told you about him.”
He hadn't even realised how much he was shaking and he wasn't entirely sure if he could blame the cold alone for it.
“And you’ll get one. When Daddy picks you up from school tomorrow, you can stop by the supermarket and buy one, all right?”
Then the waiter is back with a “vintage exceptionally to John’s liking” and destroys the situation entirely. It’s not as if anything else could go wrong. Great. The fact that his voice sounds more and more like Sherlock’s is not helping at all. Then suddenly, he removes his horn-rimmed glasses, and John looks up to tell him just to leave already when he sees him.
“Oh, come on, Greg,” Mike finally chastised him, clapping on his back with his hand. “Leave the poor boy alone with your accusations.”
Sherlock smiles disbelievingly and locks eyes with him. "Yes. Molly, Mrs Hudson, Lestrade. And you."
Heat surrounds him very quickly, and the smoke burns in his lungs. He screams, and finally, it's loud enough for people to hear. Too late. Too late. “HELP!”
He selected the baubles he thought were the most beautiful ones and trimmed the tree bit by bit, making sure there was enough space between the ornaments and the baubles.
John took him to the Hyde Park Winter Wonderland Christmas market he’d already visited a couple of days ago after he went Christmas shopping with his flatmate. It was absolutely amazing in his opinion and it was exactly what Sherlock needed: Variety and a bit of fun.
»The said on the forecast there would be a snow storm this afternoon,« John murmured as he carded his fingers through Sherlock’s hair.
shady place by the marram grass. Sherlock dropped his things quietly, approaching him from behind and kneeling down. His hands came to rest on John’s eyes, making him guess who it was.
Sherlock startled a little and was pulled out of his thoughts. “Yes,” he said quickly and stepped aside to hold the door for John. “Of course.”
His breath trembled when he exhaled, but he forced himself to look at John. When he did, he regretted it instantly. He looked like a wounded dog, taking in the collateral damage that had been done, aching all over, but still fighting.
"Ihr tanzt ja absolut klasse!" a lady in her mid-thirties assured them, patting Sherlock on the shoulder while when they passed by her bench. He looked at her in a puzzled way but thanked her in German, nonetheless.
“Oi mate, what’s wrong with Britney Spears?” Greg interjected. “I think she’s a fine lady. Nice voice ‘n everything.”
Sherlock's breathing had stopped without him noticing it, but it didn't matter. He leant forward and pressed his lips against John's so hard and deeply that he would have stopped breathing anyway.
»Because you’ve been in here for days. At first you were ill and now you’re desperate for a case that is a long time coming. You’ll be crushed by your own four walls if you don’t get out of here anytime soon,« John told him already grabbing his coat he only just took off.
He didn’t deserve any of this. He should be in hospital, facing the signs of withdrawal on his own, calling for a nurse who would deal with his vomit or his fever, not John.
The longer John hesitates, the tenser and more charged the atmosphere becomes. "What's wrong?" Sherlock finally asks, and all John can do is laugh breathlessly.
She turned to the next page. It showed Sherlock and Mycroft in a fancy suit; his 13th birthday. Sherlock's expression was sour, sad, disappointed. His grandma had promised to be there on that day, but she couldn't come over due to serious pneumonia. He had known back then it wasn't her fault, but he had been looking forward to seeing her again for weeks, months even, and when he heard she couldn't come, he was devastated because he hadn't seen her since the funeral.
“That holds true for any clothes you’re wearing,” he answered and kissed him once more, lingering for a few seconds more. These moments were to be cherished.
“So you caught some criminals, too?” he asked when he recovered from Sherlock’s denigrating comment about the police force.
Not always, Sherlock wanted to say, but he held his tongue. He would tell him as soon as he heard back from Mycroft. No uncertain truths. They only created false hopes – the last thing they needed.
The memory of it is overwhelming. John feels so much guilt and dread when he thinks about what he has done. The way Sherlock looked up at him, his nose bleeding, his lip trembling, his bloodshot eyes, his skin pale from fatigue and exhaustion caused by all the drugs that he thought were necessary to take to save him …
It had bothered him a lot when he was a child. His only friend, whom he had met in primary school, never minded Sherlock being different, but the other children did, and after his friend had moved away in year 3, things got quite ghastly. It had taken many horrible names and terrible fights, a lot of which had ended with him receiving bruises and even a black eye until Mycroft had taught him how to strike back, how to strengthen the walls that tumbled and crumbled whenever someone just shot him a condescending glance. Personal insults were met with Sherlock's snide remarks about their non-existent intellect, their appalling IQ, their alcoholic parents whose addiction would most certainly be passed on to their children and them getting nowhere in life because of it, or their sex life, which had been his best weapon until the very end. Cheating girlfriends always did the job because, frankly, being faithful simply wasn't the strong suit of most of them in his year, so he didn't even have to lie.
"You are the cheesiest person I have ever known, and I would never have expected this of you, you of all people," John laughs.
They kept attacking each other with more and more waves before John dove underwater. "That's unfair!" Sherlock called even though he knew John probably couldn't hear him.
Sherlock started kissing him as soon as the door fell shut behind them. John pressed his body against Sherlock's, reciprocating eagerly. They would have stood there forever if it hadn't been for Mrs Hudson who they knew was at home, behind a very thin door. She might be old, but her hearing had not suffered one bit over the years.
"Whoever made you think there's something wrong with you is a bloody idiot," Karla said, and now, her gaze turned serious. "I've watched you at the funeral, love, and you have changed a lot since you were here last. You've changed even
Mr Holmes picked them up from the station and took them home where they were greeted by a very enthusiastic Mrs Holmes. »Oh, you two, I’m so glad you’re here. Merry Christmas.«
John’s fingers drew patterns on Sherlock’s chest as he continued. “I went to his dorm, so we could get started on the project, so much for being lazy,” he teased and pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s collarbone. “He was all flirty whenever we spoke. It didn’t take long until we were snogging on his bed.” He was giggling now.
John nodded, wanting to get rid of the lump in his throat. Mycroft left without another word. He looked down at the list when the elder Holmes was out of sight and closed his eyes for a bit. He shouldn’t have listened to Sherlock. He should have taken him to a clinic.
For the next couple of minutes, his heart beats so violently in his chest that there is no doubt it wants to jump out of it. He must have been staring too hard at the front desk because when Sherlock takes his hand and squeezes, it feels as though the veil lifts too quickly and exposes him to reality without any warning. Sherlock's fingers are warm, though, and it spreads through his chest; it runs through his veins until his heartbeat calms a little.
John breathes faster, harder. He licks his lips again, hears Sherlock gasp and exhale loudly. His fingers tighten their grip on the shirt, holding him close and tight.
those fingers, this tongue on him to have proof of John’s admiration and unconditional love and affection.
John makes out his form a little bit clearer now, but this damn darkness wouldn't take pity on him. "Wa… water, please…" he whispers, and then the cold hand is gone and so is the silhouette, saying something that sounds like, "of course."
Sherlock’s breath caught in his chest and for a moment, his heart simply stopped. If a too slim waist and too pale skin were gorgeous, what were golden-glowing skin and a well-defined, muscular body? He must have been a god from another world.
He will make it up to Sherlock. He is aware that it’s presumably too much to achieve in a lifetime, but by God, he will at least try …
This had just been a short moment, though. They had danced for at least fifteen minutes because the fourth song just faded out. Sherlock wondered how long he would still have the pleasure of having John in his arms and leading him through the foxtrot that just started playing.
“Yes, I can see that!” John turned towards Mary who still stood in the doorway, watching them. “We won’t get anywhere today. You should go home.”
They walked down to where the waves kissed the sand. John went in without hesitance, leaving Sherlock a few metres behind in the shallow water which barely brushed his thighs. “It’s cold.”
“Pretty weak. Sleeping lightly right now, but I don’t think he’ll be able to for much longer,” John sighed.
Bill shot John an ambiguous look and then turned his gaze to Sherlock. “Lucky boy, you are. He never shares that with us.”
He looked up from the journal that lay on his lap. "Feeling better?" he asked, a small smile tugging at the corners of his lips.
“I’m sorry I reacted so harshly,” John whispered, and Sherlock could feel the desperation in his voice. “Although it’s not an excuse, at least you know why now. I don’t want to give you up, not ever, because you mean so much to me that I don’t think I could – I’ll try to be better, I swear, I just need you to be honest with me, Sherlock. Please promise me that.”
“Those who want to be a spoilsport, now’s your time to escape to the loo for five minutes,” Irene chuckled. “And the rest of you, don’t worry. I’m sure your partner’s better at dancing than you give them credit for.”
“Most certainly,” he sighed instead and turned towards the bar. Maybe a drink would help to stop his brain from telling him constantly and repeatedly how much of a bad idea this had been. So he ordered a gin and tonic.
John strokes him through his orgasm until he's shivering from the aftershocks and oversensitivity. He cards his fingers through Sherlock's hair as he collapses on John's chest, catching his breath, not unlike John himself.
"I was a wreck without you," John says. "Hell, I am a wreck without you." It doesn't matter how emotional he sounds. They are going to die. Nobody except Sherlock will ever know. He won't know for more than a minute before this is over. That is the terrible truth.
“I’m going to show you,” John answered and suddenly disappeared in the hall, walking down the stairs.
John just shook his head disbelievingly, reciprocating the grin regardless. “I think you heard me the first time. I don’t kiss and tell.”
One of the few things he remembered was walking onto the dance floor after losing his inhibitions entirely. The flashing lights around him got brighter, the music louder, the people less a problem as he made his way towards the centre, feeling the need to move.
“So are you,” Sherlock murmured, his voice was hoarse and deeper than ever. He didn’t know how many cigarettes he had tortured his lungs with, but it had been too many.
actually lose your feeling for how much time has passed. He just knows that every moment they share never lasts long enough. If John could, he'd spend the rest of his life with Sherlock in his arms, always kissing, never parting.
His dreams and Sherlock’s insistent voice in the back of his head helped a lot to figure out and discover their true nature. Even if it didn’t matter anymore because the person they were directed at was no longer among the living.
He reached for Sherlock’s left hand with his right one and intertwined their fingers. “You just need to let go. I’ve got you, love,” he whispered and kissed down his groin once more, lingering at the base of his cock– Oh God, what was he doing, wha–
Greg invited them to Scotland Yard’s annual Christmas party when he’d come to pick up Alison and John wanted to go; not without him, though. This conversation went on for a few days and Sherlock hated it.
He wouldn't feel this way again, see him smile and be infected by it, feel as though his heart was soaring, feel as though it wanted to jump out of his chest when it pounded so hard in his chest during John's kisses, his touches, his caresses. The stupid jokes and the utterly ridiculous stories lay in the past now. The secrets they shared in hushed susurrations beneath the warm covers of a rumpled bed; over. The times their fingers solely tangled together, rubbing gently over each other's knuckles, lying together in silence; over. The nights the fell asleep with only their hands touching because it was too hot to touch more skin; over.
“Interesting thing, a tuxedo,” the man says. Why does his voice sound like Sherlock’s? Where has the Sherlock inside his head disappeared to? “Lends distinction to friends and anonymity to waiters.”
The rays of the sun fell gently onto his face, warming his cheeks and painting them rosy. The tension still sat heavily on his shoulders, and he still didn't understand why. He wanted John. He wanted him in every way there was, but despite having been intimate with him already, this was different. From now on, it would be the whole package. Sherlock shook his head at the very notion and smiled at how preposterous it sounded. Nothing would change. John would still be John, careful with every movement, with every touch of his hands, every kiss on sensitive places, and he would always be himself. Was it the fact that it might cloud his calculating mind, being with John like this? Not seeing where he was going anymore? Unaware of the road ahead of him branching off in two different directions and him choosing the wrong one by accident because he wasn't paying attention?
He wanted to say something, intended to so many times, but he could simply never be sure what the consequences of his revelation would be, and getting rejected by Sherlock was something he was not ready to deal with. Not when he was still unsure of what nature his feelings were. Deep and profound or ephemeral and evanescent. When he was finally sure, it was too late already.
Before long, both of them were thrusting into John’s hand. Their movements turned vibrant, frantic, desperate to win the chase to find release. The gasps and moans and sighs that freed themselves from their chests grew louder, longer, until they were panting and heaving.
“What’s on your mind, please, just talk to me,” he said. He saw the urge in him to reach out, to touch more, to hold, to cradle, to caress, but he stayed where he was. At a safe distance, as far as that was possible in Sherlock’s bed.
The next morning, he slid out of bed rather early, trying to be as quiet and careful as he could as he snuck out of his room and left the peacefully sleeping John Watson behind in his bed. He picked up the receiver of the telephone in the small office Opa Scott had spent so many hours in, and dialled the number without thinking. It only rang once before it was picked up.
“Right then. Next thing’s easy. Just find your spotlight partner and then show your talent on the dance floor."
He wanted to say all this, but John seemed to read it all in his eyes because a soft smile appeared on his lips. “Come here,” he whispered and pulled him down for a kiss.
The kiss loses all coordination, and soon they're only panting against each other's lips. Sherlock buries his face in the curve of John's neck, finding his pulse point. He starts sucking and licking over it, never stopping the movement of his hips.
“Some of them, including Mike, have gone home already. And well, Bill is chasing some girls, I suppose. He dragged me here tonight. I wanted to come at first ‘cause I go every year, but my semester has been hell, papers over papers over papers. I just managed to finish it in time. But at what cost!” he said dramatically and then chuckled. “They could cast me for Frankenstein’s monster right now. I wouldn’t need make-up.”
John directs his gaze at the floor beneath his feet. They're clad in warm, woollen socks, giving him a feeling of being comfortable, of being at home. "You shouldn't have to," he mutters.
“Yeah, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to smash it in your direction,” he answered. “But you gotta admit you chose an unfavourable place, right next to the volleyball court.”
"It isn't about pleasure. It just gets in the way of brain work. Besides, I'm not really interested in these activities."
Sherlock didn't know what to say; his entire chest threatened to explode with so many feelings. He was happy to be allowed to have this, to have John here with him, to actually
First of all, thank you so much for the positive response! You all made me so happy with your feedback!
Sherlock released John's hand and sat up, opening the drawer and revealing said object. He'd never used lube before. He had never seen the need to make this necessity any more pleasurable. It never had been anyway, and he did not know how a bit of lube could help. Besides, his brother was always a sneaky git, and this was really none of his business. The fewer chances he gave Mycroft to ridicule him, the better.
Sherlock keens beneath him, encouraging him to keep moving. “Don’t stop,” he whimpers. “Don’t sss… ah, don’t bloody stop.”
John is unable to form another sentence, let alone another word. He wants to reach over the table and enclose Sherlock’s hand in both his own, walk around the table, pull him up and into a hug.
"Maybe. It doesn't change the fact," John laughed, setting the ball to Sherlock once Mike had played it back to him. Sherlock was glad they started playing. That way everyone might think the colour on his ears and cheeks was coming from the physical activity and not embarrassment.
A small smile appeared on John's lips, and he leant forward to kiss his forehead tenderly, then his cheek, then the corner of his mouth. "I want you to be yourself. Everything else comes naturally. There's no rush, Sherlock. We'll figure it all out."
Sherlock hugging him is a feeling John doesn't want to miss anymore. He's had a hug once, now the second time, and as he sobs into Sherlock's chest, he realises that this man might just need a hug as much as he does.
"You have the equal amount of my gratitude, John." Sherlock's voice is barely audible, but John feels his breath on his forehead, and it makes him shiver. He closes his eyes, relishing the moment, trying to take in as much as he can as long as it lasts.
“Very good,” Sherlock answers and kisses him for a long moment. When they break apart, he says, “So you see, I was wrong. The me in your head was wrong.”
She dropped her shopping bag on one of the chairs and came over to touch both John’s and Sherlock’s shoulders, squeezing them reassuringly. “All this pining… Gosh, John, you should’ve seen him. It was agonising,” she said sincerely, making Sherlock groan.
John’s tongue met Sherlock’s and played tentatively with it. His hand weaved into Sherlock’s hair again and he tugged gently at it to bring him closer. Their noses brushed lightly every now and then and Sherlock really struggled suppressing all the sounds gathering in his stomach and threatening to uncoil and break free.
He'd lie on the beach too now. John would convince him to play another round of volleyball although his thighs and arms would already ache. The sand would be damp beneath his feet, cool under the blazing sun. His hair would curl worse than ever due to the heavy, humid air. John would laugh at it because Sherlock always fussed, trying to tame it, and John would run his hands affectionately through his curls when they were alone, twist the strands even more and rest his forehead against his own, smiling, brushing their noses together, saying, "It's lovely the way it is," and Sherlock would laugh in mock annoyance that John would kiss from his lips until all he could do was smile, too.
“You’re coming to the disco on Friday, aren’t you, mate?” a young, dark-haired man with tan skin, bright eyes and a wide smile asked his short, blond friend whose eyes were screaming with fatigue.
In the end, they didn't even make it to the bed. Upstairs, into the hallway, no further. Sherlock gasped when John reached down to cup his erection through the fabric of his bespoke trousers. Fully dressed, their bodies pressed together, seeking friction, rolling their hips against one another, all the while brushing their lips over each other, letting their tongues fight for the upper hand. Only on the verge of orgasm, John reached down to align their lengths and finish them off. The result of their urgent need of release was a heaving consulting detective panting against his neck. Sheepish smiles that promised more than they let on, languid touches and even sweeter kisses followed throughout the evening until they fell into bed together, their legs tangled together, their arms wrapped protectively around the body right in front of them.
“No,” John interjects quietly. “Forcing yourself to trust someone when you actually don’t, it’s not helping.”
Sherlock stretched a little and turned in John’s tight embrace. His hand came to rest on John’s waist and his gaze wandered up to his eyes.
John cupped his cheek, caressing the soft skin behind his ear lobe, and squeezed his other hand gently. »Sherlock,« he began and shook his head in amusement.
“Well, I’m otherwise occupied more often than not,” Sherlock attempted, not mentioning that he avoided any conversation with John at all times.
He doesn't see which streets they pass, and he doesn't hear Rosie cooing and whining, his mind is just set on one thing: Mary, dead. A liar. From the very fucking beginning. He scoffs. He's always had a talent for choosing the wrong people to spend his life with, it seems.
God, he hated this. Normally he would crave John’s hand on his head, his fingers in his hair, possibly playing with his curls, but right now even the lightest touch was too much.
Sherlock looked down at his left hand and a smile appeared on his lips. “We’re getting married,” he said without intending to, but he always thought out loud.
John exhales deeply. ''Damn," he sighs, grabbing Sherlock's sleeve and trying to pull him away. The detective seems to be frozen on the spot though.
John started with the service which, from Sherlock’s standpoint, was pretty vigorous already. Greg jumped when the ball was about to cross the net and tried to block it, only managing to hit it with his fingertips. Sherlock rushed forward and almost landed on his knees as he tried to bump the ball back to Greg, thankfully hitting it with just enough force for Greg to smash it back into John’s half and score the first point.
John can't suppress a quiet hum. He folds his arms around Sherlock's middle until his hands come to rest on his back. This time, he dares to take another step. He parts his lips just a little wider to let his tongue sneak out, asking for permission to be let in. It takes Sherlock by surprise, and it's about three seconds before he responds and meets his tongue. He tastes like tea and sugar and home.
Sherlock fell quiet. Of course John was right, but there were always risks no matter what. There were risks that you could die if you got into a car or boarded a plane and yet you do it anyway. Besides, he knew how to defend himself; and so did John.
Sherlock reached for John’s hand tentatively, not wanting to startle him and wake him up from whatever he was dreaming. Instead, he hoped the touch would steer the dream into a less unpleasant direction or stop it entirely.
"They're very hardworking and most of all very intelligent. An average worker bee flies about a hundred times from the hive to flowers and back. One bee produces a twelfth of a teaspoon of honey in her lifetime, which is five to six weeks long. To produce half a pound of honey, it takes more than sixty-six thousand bees that fly about fifty-five thousand miles, visiting two million flowers."
He had a present for everyone – except for John. What was he supposed to give the person who deserved all the gifts in the world? The person who mattered the most to him? John had brought so much joy into his life. He had changed him. He had brought up feelings in him he never knew he was capable of having. Sherlock would give John anything.
I hope you liked this chapter and it helped you pass some time because the few days we still have to wait for s4 are even worse than the 3 years of hiatus, at least for me :D
When he pulled away, his lips felt slightly swollen and John only worsened the state by kissing him deeply. "That was," he kissed the corner of his mouth, breathing heavily, "incredibly hot."
He pulled John back up to recapture his mouth while his fingers wandered to John's trousers, pressing the button through its hole and pulling down the zipper. He had got a lot better at this, considering how his hands were shaking the first time they undressed each other.
He doesn't remember much of the rest of the night. Somewhere in the distance, police sirens have grown louder, and someone had taken care of his injuries. No stitches needed, thankfully, but this was a gruesome experience. He feels immensely exhausted, wanting nothing more than to rest, sleep, escape into another world where everything is fine.
He walks towards the corridor, but his eyes remain on Sherlock who is standing in the middle of their sitting room, looking a little lost and disenchanted.
He wraps his fingers around himself again, and although his own hand is not as good as Sherlock’s would be, it's all he has at his disposal at the moment. He reaches down to touch his balls, to massage them gently, to fondle them in his hands. They're already drawn up tightly, and he knows it will only take a few more jerks of his hand. There are sweat stains beneath his arms and on his chest, beads of sweat on his hairline, but all that matters is finding release, needing it so badly. Craving it from the person who dissolved with the cloud that was his dream and all he has still left is his imagination.
“I might not have had lube, John. Saliva worked just fine. I’m not an idiot.” Despite that, it hadn’t felt so great …
“You were dancing with every girl that crossed your path. I couldn’t– I wanted to forget, if only for a few hours. I thought–”
Lost in the moment and forgetting everyone around them, they only focused on themselves and the synchronised steps that followed one another, drawing each other in. It seemed as if they had been transported to another world. Like they were acting in a play they had never been given the lines to or performed before.
He lowered the violin after a while, deciding on the main key and writing down the first diminished chords and major triads in-between the other notes he had played earlier.
John breathes in, then out again. "I don't know what I would have done then," he admits. "I would've …" he trails off and pinches the bridge of his nose. "Heck, Sherlock, I don't know what I would've done. Come to terms with what I’ve felt, probably.”
“I’ll make it up to you, love, I promise,” he said in earnest and got up from his chair, walking around the table and resting his hands on Sherlock’s tense shoulders. “Let’s both get some rest and we can talk about it tomorrow, but for now, I’d really appreciate a good night’s sleep.”
It took nothing more than that to attack John's mouth hungrily – because he was, indeed, starving. Deprived of John's touch, his hands on him, his arms around him, their lips touching, tongues fighting.
“I’m not sad. If people don’t put the same effort and dedication into it, it’s not going to work out and if it wasn’t meant to work out, I’m glad it’s over,” John answered.
"You know, he won't stop if you keep reacting this way," Sherlock said once they were out of earshot.
His voice got smaller and smaller while speaking until it broke completely at the end. He could see the dampness in his eyes. It was only a matter of seconds and sad words until the tears would fall. Sherlock hated himself. Why had he not thought of this? Why had he drowned in his own pain and not even spared a thought to how John’s feelings must have suffocated him, caught between betrayal and faith.
He slipped into the bathroom as silently as he could manage on still wobbly legs and took a shower. The last time he stood right here, John had been merely a fantasy, a distant dream he never dared to reach for; and now? Now he was snoring lightly in the adjacent room. He almost couldn’t believe it.
The Sherlock who had kept haunting him and taunting him day in, day out remains excruciatingly quiet. Not a single word comes from his lips. He has vanished completely. Like the dream version of him once John would reach out to touch him, to grasp and hold as to not let him disappear. He always achieved the exact opposite.
There were girls with risqué necklines and too much makeup on their faces all over the place, the dance floor was far too crowded, and Sherlock wondered yet again why he had relented.
It’s not Sherlock. It can’t be. This is just his imagination playing tricks on him. He wants him to be there so badly that his subconscious has conjured an image of his dead friend who simply cannot be standing in front of him.
The problem was just there was such a broad range of things he could get him and yet none of those were suitable. None of them was enough. None of them was
He hears Sherlock applauding him slowly. He can picture the smug smile on his face and wants to kiss it off him until he doesn’t remember more than John’s name.
"You tell me!" The nurse, Rebecca according to her name tag, puts her hands on her hips, looking stern. "Tall guy, fluffy, dark hair, looming outside the room every night. Always looking gloomy and upset at the same time."
Frozen, he sat on his bed, utterly helpless, not knowing what to do with himself. John’s lips were pressing against Sherlock’s; he could feel John’s warm breath on his skin, and his eyes were closed.
Their tongues found one another almost instantly, gliding against each another without haste. Sherlock leant backwards, against the sheets, pulling John down with him, his hands gently guiding him down by the shoulders. John all too happily complied.
John didn’t notice Sherlock hadn’t spent the night lying in bed with him, and if he had, he decided not to comment on it.
She placed it on the sitting room table with Sherlock to her right and John to her left. Of course, she would have to find the photo of his swollen cheek first, though, which meant John would get to see plenty of other very embarrassing days of his childhood. Hoping it wouldn't scare him off, he had agreed to it, despite being very reluctant about it.
The cold, hard floor felt uninviting and all Sherlock wanted to do was climb back into bed with John. He still had no idea why the doctor wanted him to stay. Why didn’t he send him off to his own bedroom? Why did he suddenly not mind anymore? Was it possible he actually felt the same way about Sherlock like Sherlock felt about him?
She reaches for his nose and makes him laugh. He misses having her around so much. Hearing her little gurgling noises, her giggles and her making up words of her own. The way she makes a mess of herself when eating a meal and the way she falls asleep when John reads to her in the evenings; her soft snores.
"Liar," Sherlock countered, and John snorted. "You missed at least seven obvious and easy opportunities. You got all of the balls yesterday that you missed earlier."
Sherlock found himself not minding their implications. After all, nothing had happened, and he knew Greg was only joking. They had only just met anyway, and neither of them was interested in that sort of thing.
The second time it happened was much more sensual, almost awkward. John guessed it was due to the fact that they saw each other naked for the first time.
That almost brought Sherlock to the core of the problem. He didn’t know what to do. He was sure John felt the same way about him as he did about John, but he wasn’t sure what was going to happen now. John had not taken things further; he had not initiated anything in terms of kissing or the like; there were just the regular touches, nothing more and nothing less.
If he truly loved him, wouldn't he understand why he did it? Yes, he had felt like a wrack after he had taken the drugs, and it certainly had not been a pleasant experience, but after all it had been the aftermath at the end of which they had dared to take what they both wanted. So was it truly so reprehensible?
Sherlock looked down at all the carton boxes that were still full. He cleared his throat quietly. »John, err …«
The detective let out a frustrated groan. He’s already called the Detective Inspector twenty-two times to inform him about his desperate need for work. He even promised him to do the paper work after the case, for God’s sake. Lestrade stopped picking up the phone after letting him know that there was absolutely nothing he would be interested in at the moment and he would call him immediately if he could offer him something of a 4. That was after he’d called him for the third time.
John wants to push her off the roof so badly, but he keeps his back turned towards her. “I cannot lose you again …” he breathes and wonders if Sherlock heard him at all because he has barely heard himself speak.
John looked up at him, his hand coming to a halt as if he was caught in the middle of something forbidden.
He was indeed hot, but mostly because John’s bare chest covered in shiny sun milk was gleaming just mere inches away from him. Forcing himself not to stare again, he unbuttoned his short-sleeved shirt and tried to hide his trembling fingers.
Sherlock plunges his tongue into his mouth and moves his hips, brushing their straining erections against one another once more before he pulls back. "These pants need to go. Immediately."
Greg hit the ball just as hard. He still wondered how they had so much strength, but then they were all much more muscular than him. He was glad he managed to set the ball relatively high for Greg to smash when he had the opportunity.
“Where the hell have you been?” Sherlock asked him, looking up from his microscope. He felt like an old housewife, waiting for her husband to finally return from the pub in the middle of the night. Sherlock knew he wasn’t at any pub, he had checked all of John’s favourites.
“I really do like you,” John said and smiled softly, reaching up to cup Sherlock’s cheek and running his thumb over his prominent jawbone. “And now I know that what people say about you is utter bullshit. You’re not at all what they think of you. You are clever, witty, amazing, and a bloody amazing dancer.”
Sherlock got lost in his own thoughts, not genuinely following each and every single one; it was more of a blur than anything else. Billows of happiness clouded his mind, pulling him down deep, cutting him off from reality. Only when he heard the loud sound of approaching thunder, his lids lifted once more, and he was brought back into the here and now.
He is kneeling on the ground, looking for things the explosion had left in one piece. There is Sherlock's skull. Slightly burnt, the colour of the bones is darker now, brown. Sherlock finds the bull that had been hanging on their wall ever since John had moved in. He spots the headphones he always wore and puts them to their rightful place.
A second later, he feels a warm and steady hand on his upper back, not moving, just… a comforting pressure. John's eyes fall shut; it makes it even harder to get up.
»It’s simply not possible to fit a hunter’s suit into a hazelnut,« Sherlock remarked. »Or a ball dress.«
It was mid-morning when he awoke again. His limbs felt heavier than before and his lids hang over his eyes. His vision was slightly blurred, but it got better after a few moments.
»I thought I’d never get over your ›death‹. I shouted at you before you went up to that bloody rooftop even though you already meant so much to me at that time. I’ve given up dating and accepted you simply didn’t want to engage in anything that resembled a physical relationship because our friendship was so much more important to me than anything else ever has been.
Sherlock's comments on his moustache and Mary not knowing how to tell John that is, in fact, hideous, do not improve the situation at all. He has to let out his rage somehow, and Sherlock deserves the blows.
“You yelled at me and finally made me see,” Sherlock whispered and looked up at John. Pure love and affection lay in John’s eyes and Sherlock couldn’t believe how he’d got so lucky.
»Not entirely, I don’t,« Sherlock told him. »It certainly is a distraction, but an appealing one, with you, that is.«
“Well, sunshine? Still swooning over your rugby captain?” Irene greeted jovially as she sat down across from him with her lunch tray.
Finding the perfect gift for him would take time; he knew that. The problem was just he didn’t have the slightest idea what the ideal present would look like. Something practical wouldn’t do. It wouldn’t be adequate. It had to be special and unique. Something no one else could get him.
“It’s probably best to use your right arm for the IV,” John told him, knowing he’d injected the drugs into the veins of his left one. The crook of it looked slightly swollen and irritated from the marks the needles had left behind.
He hesitated a bit. “… Impulses. Towards either gender?” he wanted to know. Sherlock opened his eyes and caught a glimpse of John’s expression that changed as soon as Sherlock looked at him. He couldn’t quite place it. There lay something in his the depth of his eyes and in the wrinkles of his brow, something he didn’t understand.
His hand touched window, cherishing the cool of it, and his head rested against it. It was hard keeping his eyes open. They kept falling shut, it was exhausting.
"But I'd love to hear all the beautiful sounds you make." The gentle susurration crawled through his skin into his rib cage and squeezed his heart, causing the dam to break. Gasping, he met John's strokes that were slow and teasing, but firm and with an unfaltering rhythm. When he circled his glans with his thumb, a croaky moan slipped from his lips.
His fingers twist in the denim of his jeans when Sherlock comes back downstairs. He sits next to John on the sofa, awkwardly, both of them staring at the fireplace.
“Sherlock.” Someone wouldn’t stop calling his name. Couldn’t they just leave him alone for a second? They had already interrupted his dream several times, never allowing him to solve the case.
“You’re amazing,” John panted and kissed him again, wrapping both arms around him and then noticing how sticky Sherlock’s chest was. “Oh, wait, let me get a flan–“
John’s fingernails scraped against his scalp and Sherlock almost melted. It was one of his sensitive erogenous zones.
The mere thought felt as though he had been punched and kicked in the gut so violently he had to let his thoughts drift off elsewhere as quickly as he could manage. His breathing quickened and his mouth went dry.
»We went to church every Sunday and sang it there; we sang it at home while baking biscuits with my sister and we listened to it in the car, humming along.
He pulled back a few moments later and rested his head on John’s chest, enjoying the warm hands in his hair and on his back.
Sherlock fell quiet. He knew John probably thought this was bit awkward, no, not just a bit. I was definitely
“What’s your suggestion?” John asked with a grin, using the strength he had saved up for the final metres. “Oh no, let me know when you get there.” With that, he overtook him and headed towards the first buoy.
He buried his face in the crook of John’s neck and as a few waves of silent sobs were shaking him. John’s arms came around his trembling body and stroked up and down his back. He’d never been so relieved, so happy to be proven wrong.
“Didn’t think you’d come here,” John smiled, sitting down on the barstool to his left. He looked so handsome in his marine blue shirt and his jeans, despite the fatigue covering his entire face and exhaustion lingering in his bones. He was apparently pleased to see a familiar face. Well, not
Four other people who weren't familiar to him were playing volleyball and John and his friends were nowhere to be found, so he decided to wait, rolling onto his stomach and opening his book on the page he didn't get to finish the day before.
John acts as if he is surprised and looks after Sherlock’s parents through the window. Sherlock explains hurriedly why they are here, that Mycroft promised to take them to see Les Mis. He pictures Sherlock and Mycroft in this utterly ordinary family and has to chuckle. Sherlock being admonished by his father because he doesn’t phone them up often enough. That picture makes his insides tickle. He imagines Sherlock picking up the phone on a quiet evening, in his pyjama bottoms and a washed-out t-shirt, sitting on the sofa lazily as he rings up his parents. He wonders what he calls them. Mum and Dad? Mummy and Daddy? Mummy is what Mycroft had called her that first night, after their first case when John had saved Sherlock's life.
He hated that John already controlled his thoughts; that his eyes made his heart feel heavy and his words cut through his chest like daggers – that the pure memory of him could make him feel even worse than coming down from a drug high.
Sherlock is getting nervous and starts to ramble. It’s so good to hear his voice, but what he says makes him so furious. He makes sarcastic comments to Mary’s obvious statements, and John wants to laugh and strangle him at the same time.
When he realises Sherlock’s growing shock, he swallows hard. He wishes there was still some tea left. “Don’t get me wrong. I love Rosie. She’s everything. I wouldn’t give her up for the world. It’s just– I wasn’t ready to be a father, and Mary seemed to know
Almost drowning in the hazy bliss, he headed back to their room, but stopped short when he realised something had changed. “John?”
»God.« John rubbed the bridge of his nose with a smile. »Come here,« he said and stepped closer towards Sherlock when he didn’t show a sign of moving.
“Sorry,” John answered with a grin and removed his hands, allowing Sherlock’s breathing rate to normalise again.
The heavy door creaks open, and a gust of cold wind blows into their facts when they step outside. Sherlock's hand trembles in John's – that view isn't exactly unfamiliar to him. Neither is it to John. He's been up here countless times after Sherlock's, well, death. If Eurus has chosen this place to torment their souls even further, well, that was a shrewd move. Very clever indeed.
“It is,” Sherlock smiled. “I used to sit here with my grandpa in cold winter nights when I was a kid.”
“I bet you’ve already worked your way inside his pants,” Bill whispered cheerfully, intending to lower his voice enough so Sherlock wouldn’t be able to hear it, but he heard it anyway. His blush intensified.
“I wish we could go back to before all of this,” he manages to say, but it isn’t at all what he wants.
Sherlock smirked mischievously and made a pleased sound, earning him a light slap on his bum and a fond smile on John’s part. »Behave.«
But he strode on quickly as the cheers and applause of his peers still echoed through his mind. Convinced that he had just blown all chances with John, he let out a frustrated sigh as he headed for the door. Even just being friends with him would have meant so much already, but of course, he couldn't get enough and had to ruin the fragile thing that had developed between them tonight. God, he was such an idiot sometimes.
“William Sherlock Scott Holmes, will do you me the honour of marrying me?” John asked quietly and his voice was full of hope and fear and a hint of despair.
“Oh yes, a sufficient amount for now,” Sherlock agrees hastily. “But a regular repetition will be absolutely inevitable as the results always have to be up to date.”
will talk to her. It’s your … I’m sorry, but I can’t help you this time … Don’t be like that– no, Harry– Harry!”
His eyes were on the bees' hibernation techniques, but his brain wouldn't process the letters and words that his eyes flew over as he skimmed the paragraph. The meaning of the paragraphs was stuck somewhere between the beige pages and his head. Too distracted. Too distraught. Too fazed to concentrate on anything but his ragged breathing.
Something odd had happened then because Sherlock truly left. John didn’t wake up. The remainder of his sleep was not peaceful and but dreamless, and that was some progress, he thought.
When John intertwined their fingers, Sherlock squeezed his hand gently because this was exactly where it belonged.
Sherlock cherished John’s mouth on his throat and his hands on his hips. He savoured the feeling of John’s lips as they brushed his ear lightly and the sounds he made when Sherlock touched him even though he knew all of them already.
He knew their time was limited; at least for now. Who knew what was going to happen after this summer …
“We have to get Mycroft involved,” Sherlock says at once. “He’s put surveillance on the entire city. Whoever took her must be on the footage.”
Sherlock swallowed hard. This was it; he wouldn’t be able to get out of this unhurt. He closed his eyes and breathed in deeply, bracing himself for whatever was coming when two arms swung around the giant’s neck and pulled him backwards, choking him.
When the song ended, John released him, but Sherlock wouldn’t let go of him just yet. Utterly filled with adrenaline from probably the most mesmerising four minutes of his life, he leant down to capture John’s lips. Reality hit them hard when they took in the loud cheers and whistles and applause around them.
John held him tightly, pulling him against him although they couldn’t be any closer. Soft kisses peppered his jaw line and Sherlock craned his neck, leaning into the touch. A quiet moan escaped his throat when John pushed him back onto his back, kissing his shoulders and his clavicle, licking and sucking on the pale skin, leaving a red mark on it.
Sherlock hummed as he kissed back, nibbling at John’s bottom lip and pressing his groin against the body above him which pulled away as soon as he started to grind against him.
He wishes Sherlock would come back. Whenever he hears someone walk past, his eyes fly to the door. But it’s never him; and every time, something inside him starts stinging even worse than the wound does. So he sits and waits and sleeps and eats, and the hours tick by so, so slowly …
Her expression softens. "Of course, dear." She gets up, fumbles in the drawer beside John’s bed and fetches his phone. "I'll be back later, shall I? I'm just so glad to see you awake and well!" She squeezes his hand, and with a wink, she is out the door.
He heard him exhale and knew the corners of his mouth lifted as he did so. “Good. Because I wouldn’t. Either way.”
The spell of the moment was broken when John’s phone went off in his pocket. “Sorry,” he said quickly and pulled it out. “Here we go,” he sighed when he saw who was trying to reach him and accepted the call.
“Just because you don’t like the raisins, it does not mean I don’t,” John replies out loud. Not a good idea.
Sherlock dropped his eyes, not knowing where to look. John's eyes were so full of affection and fondness that he couldn't bare looking into them when he was worrying him – when he wasn't what John wanted.
Sherlock turned his head to look at John in question, asking him something incredibly stupid in the next moment. »Why?«
Sherlock pulls him closer until his head rests against his chest. His shirt is slightly damp with sweat, but that doesn't matter. John lets out the sobs he has been holding for the last fifty-nine seconds.
“The Science of Deduction,” John marvelled. “It’s amazing, really. I mean, I’ve seen what you can do, how you just
In the moment he reached for his phone to ask John if he would come back, he heard the front door open. He held his breath when John climbed the 17th step of the staircase. He sincerely hoped he would enter the kitchen and they would apologise and their argument would be over, but soon he heard John ascend the rest of the stairs as he walked up to his room. Sherlock let out a frustrated groan. If it weren’t for the concentrated acids in the petri dishes, he would sweep everything off the table.
“My train ticket,” Sherlock clarified, visibly furious now. “I knew you’d use every means in your power to get me to come on Friday, but I did not expect you to go through my possessions!”
»If you don’t feel the same or if you still haven’t changed your opinion on relationships, you just have to believe me this is not going to affect our friendship,« John added, worried he might have broken Sherlock or overwhelmed him even more.
“She sleeps about 13 hours at night. We still have some time.” Sherlock’s voice is deeper than John ever heard it, relaxed and at ease, rumbling lightly. “I checked on her earlier when she was complaining a little, but she went back to sleep quite quickly.”
John peppered his neck with open-mouthed kisses, running his lips and tongue over the places that he had grazed with his stubble before. Sherlock’s breathing picked up audibly. He did nothing to stifle his sounds. It felt too good.
Sherlock grabbed the phone and unlocked it. John hadn’t even bothered to change the pin. Searching through John’s text messages, he hoped to find some answers, just a hint. He wasn’t asking for anything else. He deserved to know the truth, didn’t he?
»Everything about Christmas is something special to you. I’m not a child anymore and neither are you. For God’s sake, John,« he said, pretty irritated. »Since I’ve seen your winter wonderland now, can I please get back to work?«
“If it were nothing, you’d let me come in. Let me see if I can help.” With that he opens the bathroom door.
He dipped forward and covered Sherlock’s mouth with his own. Sherlock closed his eyes and invited him in, parting his lips. John angled his mouth and pulled Sherlock closer. John tightening his grip on Sherlock’s hair just a little caused the dark-haired man to gasp into the kiss. John took his chance and dove inside with his tongue, meeting Sherlock’s own.
A bit of colour rose in Sherlock's cheeks, which only widened John's smile. "I'm just joking. I'd love to come over."
Three Wishes for Cinderella or Drei Haselnüsse für Aschenbrödel as we call it in German was a Czech-German co-production from 1973, which I absolutely love and adore and you should all watch it if you haven’t yet, and it’s a Christmas classic in my country. I presume a lot of people will use a classical British or American Christmas movie for this prompt so I used a traditional German one :)
His skin tingled so badly he wanted to scream. It was as if his entire body was covered in ants which wouldn’t stop tormenting him. They kept scuttling over his arms up to his chest and his neck.
“Thank you,” Sherlock murmured when John wrapped his arm around his waist, letting his arm come around John’s shoulders.
Sherlock nodded to encourage John to continue what he was doing. The hint of a grin appeared on his lips before he reached for the button and undid it. He pulled down the zipper awfully slowly, grazing his erection that was pressing against it. Sherlock’s breath caught in his throat. Carefully, John pulled them down inch by inch. Sherlock lifted his hips a little to make it easier for him.
Sherlock shook his head. He hated not having any control over his body and his emotions. He didn’t want them to break free that easily. John wasn’t allowed to see this. He probably already judged him for making him stay up all night and take care of him whenever he woke from a nightmare or from being in too much pain.
He used the bathroom quickly and then went to the kitchen. »Morning,« he mumbled when he saw John who just set down a steaming cup of tea on the table. »Ta.«
He shakes his head. He cannot reply out loud. He cannot go to the chair by the window and strangle a man who isn’t even there.
Sherlock did his best to reciprocate, trying to tame the dominating tongue in his mouth until he had to pull away, panting. John probably thought he was a horrible kisser, but he had such little experience, none to be precise. All he ever saw were other people kissing in public or in the overly romantic films his mother sometimes watched.
He smiled when he remembered the way John grinned when he said he'd accompany him on his way home. He was simply charming, and most importantly not boring or predictable, at least not in most respects.
The yoga course. How could he forget about it? He looked down at his watch and realized it was already 4pm. Damn it. What did the woman say? They needed the space, so he'd better make a move because he was definitely not going to take part in it–
been at the clinic, but where had he gone afterwards? Sherlock knew he was supposed to finish at 4 pm. It was almost half past seven and a couple of days ago (six to be precise), he just stopped telling Sherlock why he was always late for dinner.
He actually found himself enjoying it. In the beginning, the nagging feeling of guilt kept him company when he let the ball fall when the chance of hitting it was so obviously there, but the more he played, the more he liked it. Mostly because Greg encouraged him as often as he could and John complimented his services and his force when smashing the ball into his and Bill's half.
His ash blond hair was ruffled and the roots were slightly sweaty. He had pushed up his sunglasses, making his hair stick out in different directions.
"Isn't it," John whispered and rose to his tiptoes to seal their lips together. They had done this more than a hundred times, but whenever John's lips pressed against his own, parted them and let their tongues join the game, something inside Sherlock's body buzzed and prickled. He revelled in the feeling because John's kisses were always so recognisably familiar and natural. Morning kisses were different from goodnight kisses. Goodnight kisses were different from the ones they shared before sleeping.
Sherlock immediately recognised them. His eyes widened, and all his saliva left his mouth incredibly dry, making it painful to swallow.
He tries to press both hands to the wound. There is blood everywhere. On his fingers, his shirt, the floor.
»It was an emergency,« Sherlock groaned. »When will you finally stop holding the matter against me?«
John snorted and raised his beer to his lips. “Don’t worry, Mike. I have never broken a shower yet.”
Never before has a kiss done this to John, has never excited him this much. His whole body tingles, his skin overly sensitive to each and every one of Sherlock's touches.
“Into men? No, most people don’t know,” John breathed and looked up at him with a wicked smirk. “I must admit I wasn’t sure you’d go into this sort of thing at all.”
He wishes he would never have to think about it again, but the image still haunts him most nights, in his dreams that simply never stop.
“Shh, it’s alright, relax,” John soothed him with a grin. His other hand had slipped down to his entrance, pressing against it very carefully, like a massage.
His heart started racing again, but this time, it felt like a nervous flutter and not pleasant at all. Why was it all so difficult?
Sherlock woke to the feeling of a warm body behind him pulling him closer and two soft lips pressing gently against the back of his neck. He smiled brightly without opening his eyes, cherishing the moment he was allowed to have every morning now. Sometimes, he woke up with his nose nuzzling into the crook of John’s neck and a steady hand running up and down his back, and sometimes, like this morning, he woke up like this; John’s body had aligned with his own and his arm had folded around his waist, his hand resting on the fabric of his grey t-shirt. He always did that, Sherlock had noticed, when they lay like that.
They hadn't done anything. There had been light touches kept above the waistline. Sometimes their hands would slip underneath the other's shirt, but it would never reach the hem of their pants. They would tease each other with their tongues, their fingers, but never in an overly sexual way. Last night, things had heated up a little, leaving both of them panting into each other's mouths and grinding their middles together. John was on top of him, his thighs touching Sherlock's hips. Sherlock rather felt than saw the hardness between John's legs come to life and his own hadn't remained unaffected either. He had been this close to making a move. Making
“You’re really incredible. I can’t believe you worked that out by only observing me for, what like five minutes in total?” Greg’s unsettled look turned into astonishment.
"Oh, love, no need to be embarrassed," she cheered and went back to the stove. "Why don't you show John around a bit? I'll call you when I dish up."
“You left early,” John states stupidly. “I’ve been looking for you after our dance, but you were gone.”
“You think hurting … other people is what … solves your problems?” John hissed into their opponent’s ear. John was struggling to breathe, but so was their attacker thankfully, still incapable of striking at him caught in John’s grip. “Ihr seid armselig!” he told him. “Nothing but pathetic.”
This is so much better than all his dreams combined, and there is so much more to explore, so much more to say to one another. Though not tonight. Not in a delicate moment like this. He kisses him once more, just a gentle press of lips, two or three slow tugs to show Sherlock how much it means to him that he has done all of this for John. To return to him one day. To guarantee his safety so they could have this. Each other. Together.
“You do see,” Sherlock told him. “You just don’t observe. You see the details; you merely don't know what to do with the information. It's like a puzzle. Everything is part of a big picture."
A few cups of mulled wine with amaretto later, they were both very cheerful and giggly and then John came to the idea of hiring skates.
Or maybe it was the moment that ultimately brought Sherlock to his knees, cradling his unfixable, torn-up heart in his hands.
He knelt down and reached for the pumpkin. “How’s that? I’ll carry it for you and you watch out that I do it correctly.”
John met Mary in May, and now it's November already. It's been six months, and John is feeling brave tonight. He has to because moving on is painful and challenging, but he has to. Mary is kind, and she is beautiful. She is loving and caring, and she listens.
»Can I get you anything else, dear?« Mrs Holmes asked as she set down a glass of water of their coffee table in front of them.
“No, it’s fine,” John tells him nonchalantly. “Clients?” He has to ask, and he can’t state the obvious. Well. It’s not truly obvious, is it? Just a guess. A shot in the dark, which Sherlock often takes, too.
. It’s nothing personal. Going to this Christmas party is–« Sherlock stopped and then spit out the next word as if he was relieved not to have it on his tongue anymore, »
“Oh fuck, ahh, Sher– Sherlock, I’m–“ he stammered in arousal, thighs jittering and his breath coming short.
John tightens the embrace – until there’s no space left between them – and pulls back, resting his forehead against Sherlock’s.
And yet Sherlock was still worried something might have happened. It has only been a few days since he last saw him and it already felt like an age. He couldn’t quite place the feeling, but something was
Sherlock didn’t have first-hand information on that, but he had been curious and asked Mike and Greg while John was out of earshot, and when Bill heard what they were talking about, he joined their conversation immediately, giving Sherlock insights he wished he could un-know.
John smiled warmly and wiped the sweat off Sherlock’s forehead with a warm cloth this time. “No need to thank me.”
He blinked and took a deep breath, dropping his gaze down to his glass and its contents that were just an orangey mixture now. His initial sexual attraction to his friend had turned into something much more severe apparently. Something with feelings. Feelings that almost choked him.
John stands inertly in the doorway until the cold creeps through the thin layer of his socks that separates his feet from the wooden floor. He shifts, and one of the boards creaks.
“I suppose you have no choice, sweetheart. They ain’t getting better,” John laughed, taking the first sip from his plastic cup.
John dared to rest his head against Sherlock’s shoulder which made the entire situation even better. When did he stop caring about the other people? He always minded so why not now?
“Don’t,” John countered as soon as he’d said it. “You’re the opposite of that. I told you we’d wait until you’re ready for this. I
John laughed at this. »You realised you’ve been smiling pretty often recently, didn’t you? In fact, you’re smiling right now.«
The hand in his hair disappeared and trailed down to join the other under his shirt, resting on his hip. Sherlock gasped when the calluses grazed his skin and rested his forehead against John’s.
That seems to catch Sherlock off-guard because all of a sudden his smile vanishes and the crow's feet around his eyes disappear. Has he gone rigid in his arms?
When they reached the disco, Sherlock wished he hadn’t come for the second time that evening. People were already snogging by the entrance, reminding him of the reasons he usually avoided these sorts of environments.
Mrs Hudson merely wanted to ask John for the recipe of the Christmas biscuits they made a few days ago. She had invited him downstairs for a cup of tea earlier so he had brought a couple of biscuits and she was completely blown away by the taste, immediately wanting to bake them, too.
“You can’t know what I’m thinking,” Sherlock murmured as his hand found its rightful spot on John’s hip.
That made her laugh. »I never thought of it like that,« she admitted. »But you’re right. Tell me, then, John. What part do you like best?«
"Just– promise me to think it through again, okay?" John asked him sincerely, his fingers tracing the creases of his shirt, making the hair on the back of his neck stand up.
“It’s the only subject I enjoyed at school, even though they never let us experiment properly,” Sherlock explained. “All the girls already panicked when they had to hold magnesium into the flame of the Bunsen burner. Nobody ever wanted to do dangerous experiments.”
"Molly and Mrs Hudson, you mean?" John asks, smiling sadly. He knows Sherlock always had a soft spot for these two women, as did John.
He doesn’t want to think about anyone hurting his little girl, but he can’t brush the thought away. His hands are gripping the armchair tightly; so strongly his knuckles turn white at the pressure.
They reached the end of the album eventually; a single photo on the last page. There were little to no pictures of his time during late secondary school because he didn't let other people photograph him anymore, but the last one's heading was "Year 11 Prom", and it showed Sherlock dancing with a girl who was smiling up at him. Sherlock smiled back at her, but when he looked closely at his face, he saw it was mostly forced. He hadn't planned to go to prom at all, but Molly had persuaded him. She was the only person with whom he got on well, who didn't hate him for who he was and who wanted to spend as much time with him as she could. They used to pair up for science assignments, mostly Molly asked him and he accepted because he knew there was nobody else who was intelligent enough or willing to work with him at all. She was nice, but also hopelessly in love with him and also very bad at hiding it. Sherlock had told her he wasn't into that sort of thing and he was glad she accepted it back then. They remained friends, and he was grateful to have her around, to have at least someone who defended him when other people were throwing insults his way. She didn't seem like a strong girl, but she was passionate about the things and people she loved, and she didn't let others get to her or Sherlock, at least she didn't let it show. Sherlock knew she wasn't at tough as she pretended to be, but she definitely changed in the time of knowing him. She grew more confident and strong.
His mother had always said sometimes it isn’t what you say; it’s your actions that set things in motion. He might give it a try. He’d given John a special gift every year, but maybe it wasn’t special enough. He would have to try harder. He needed something that would convey how much he mattered to him, how much of an impact he had on the detective’s life and how lucky he was to have a friend like John at his side.
John appeared in all of those dreams, but he was always so far away. Just a shadow in the darkness, a hallucination in the fog, never staying and always increasing the distance.
The faint feeling of soft lips brushing the warm skin on his neck and a nose buried in the mop of his tousled curls tickled him a little and woke him up slowly. He breathed in the fresh air coming in through the open window and stretched like a cat after a very restful sleep. His lids hang heavily over his eyes, but a sleepy smile tucked at the corners of his lips, enjoying the warmth radiating off John's body aligned with his own. John's arm was wrapped around his waist, and his hand was resting on Sherlock's belly, on his naked skin underneath his shirt. Sherlock shivered at the touch.
They undress each other slowly, without any haste. John is especially careful not to hurt Sherlock's back any further because he knows that he's still in pain when he moves about too quickly, despite everything he says. Hence, he takes his time, not only to avoid any rapid movements but also to take in the view in front of him; Sherlock's thin (too thin) body with a nonetheless defined and muscular body. His fingers trace the lines of his pecs, run up to his clavicle and this goddamn neck that made his mouth water on enough occasions in the past.
"I was!" Sherlock protests. "I knew you'd want to be protected, though, so I went ahead to save myself the discussion about the risk of STDs," he rolls his eyes, "but, to be honest, I assumed we were exclusive so we wouldn't need–"
Waking up the next morning, Sherlock desperately hoped the awkwardness would be gone. When he opened the bedroom door, the smell of fir was in the air. He walked down the corridor and entered the sitting room to find a small Christmas tree right in the middle of more than a dozen carton boxes storing the Christmas decoration.
After a short while, John shifts to pull out carefully and rests his head on Sherlock’s chest. It takes an eternity to fill their lungs with enough oxygen to find their voices again. “That – that was – phenomenal,” Sherlock tells him; his voice sounds rough and hoarse. John looks up at him. His lips are reddened and swollen. He’s smiling, and his smile is contagious. It always has been.
“I changed my mind about later,” John said, shaking his head with a disbelieving grin, “let’s go dancing now.”
»Well, someone was quite reluctant and insistent on staying at home, but I managed to persuade him,« John chuckled. »He’s not intending to stay her for long, though.«
“I um …” He contemplated how to covey it without needing to explain himself. “I just don’t like it. Too crowded rooms aren’t really my favourite place to be in.” He swallowed, hoping John would let it go.
and Sherlock just tried to escape because he was damn terrified of disappointing John. He’d never been so afraid of anything, which was saying something.
Sherlock craned his neck to give John better access. The tingling sensation felt oddly addicting, and he wanted John to keep going.
About how he kept patronising him sometimes, his dastardly comments, but also about his advice that he gave him when he made stupid decisions, which was most often followed by a snide joke on Sherlock’s part, but it helped him, not to move on, but to move forward eventually, and that was better than nothing.
John wants to gather him in his arms and apologise for the rest of his life for everything that Sherlock thought needed to be done to defeat the threat that Moriarty posed. "I am so sorry," he whispers and moves his hands more carefully, cautiously. Only one more wound to touch, one more gauze to cover it, one more plaster to apply.
“Sherlock,” John said and his voice was steady next to his ear. He hadn’t even heard him come back in. “I’ll give you an extra blanket and a hot water bottle now until your chills are gone.”
” Bill and Greg shouted at the same time, looking at each other with the biggest grins for having had the same thoughts before they burst out roaring like drunk teenagers having the time of their lives.
Sherlock slept for a few hours. His body felt heavy and warm when he woke up, but the ache and stiffness still lingered in his bones.
real. His fingers had curled around the sheets almost painfully as he attempted to seek friction, grinding his middle against the mattress.
Sherlock got up silently and did as John told him. The hard truth John was lying to him again stung its way into his heart like a sharp knife.
He looks down at his hands. He doesn’t know what to say. He wants to say so much, but it’s unlike them to ever talk about what they feel; this is new. Unfamiliar territory.
– the film they were watching – was only the second one he was in. Sherlock listened rather to John's voice than the people talking on the telly. He meant to follow the action but soon lost interest. Despite barely paying attention, he kept predicting what was about to happen, eliciting the occasional giggle and the occasional soft rebuke from John. Sherlock rolled his eyes at the seduction scene which, of course,
“Shit,” he said immediately, pulling back. “I’m sorry. I know you don’t do this kind of thing. I don’t know what came over me.” He made a motion to leave, but Sherlock’s hand grabbed his wrist.
John pressed his palms against his eyes and suddenly started laughing heartily. »Sherlock Holmes … you utter madman,« he giggled, trying to take a deep breath. »You are … incredible.«
Sherlock avoids his eyes, staring into the steaming tea mug he's holding tightly in his hands. He is quiet for a long moment, fidgeting.
John’s eyes settled on his knees for a moment and he nodded as if he tried to convince Sherlock that he understood now, but Sherlock knew he still found it strange; and suddenly John’s head snapped up and Sherlock was sure he knew the nature of John’s next question.
»There are no coincidences. The universe is rarely so lazy,« Sherlock answered and their eyes locked.
“It’s a shame you don’t get on well anymore. You two were so charming together when you were both little.”
, Sherlock thought when he stepped under the hot spray of the showerhead in the evening – John had taken him home as usual –
John pulls back a moment to marvel at his sight. Dark curls against the innocent whiteness of the pillow. Alabaster skin covered in a thin film of sweat, parted lips glistening in the dim of the light, kaleidoscope eyes with pupils blown wide, almost swallowing their colour. Arousal is written all over his face; palpable by the fingers digging into his back, into his waist, nails grazing his skin.
“Would you please just hold him for a minute?” John asked a bit more firmly and handed him to Sherlock who gently pressed the little pet against his chest.
Finally, John came back after what felt like an eternity and handed him the hot water bottle. He held it close to his chest, embracing the warmth he thought he would never feel again.
A small group of children ran past his window; one of them turned around to see if the rest of their friends were close behind. A little girl shouted something indistinguishable and waved her hands towards them, motioning to hurry up. “Los! Los! Schneller!” she called, barely able to carry her swimming ring.
“I’m glad you’re smiling again,” he whispered against his lips. “Makes you look much more gorgeous, too.”
“Hmm,” Sherlock answered, still in no state that allowed him to move his muscles. “Disentangle yourself. I’m not moving.”
Sherlock reached for his book and set it down on his sandals while he shook out the blanket on which he had lain.
“It’s what made me fall in love with you. You didn’t disguise yourself, pretend to be somebody around me who you’re not when you’re alone. There aren’t many people who do that. I know you were honest with me. Except for this stupid thing, but I understand it now, why you did it, and why you didn’t tell me. Not to hurt me but for the exact opposite.” John told him. “I’ve never doubted your feelings, and you don’t need to either.”
It has been more than a month since they got together, and their relationship evolved into something John will never give up on. He hadn't expected Sherlock would go in for the physical aspect of romantic entanglements as he regarded it as a distraction. At least that is what John thought was the case. Sherlock had been reluctant at first; he used to let John initiate contact for the most part, partly because it was still new, partly because of his own uncertainty as to how far John was willing to go, and to some extent, John's still-healing bullet wound played a role, too.
John was searching for a clean t-shirt in his wardrobe and was back beside him in the blink of an eye. “Can you sit up again for me?"
John moves slowly, works his finger in – up to the first knuckle, then the second, until it's buried inside him, feeling how Sherlock's muscles clench up around his index finger. He probes with care, pressing, pushing forwards and backwards steadily. Then he pulls out, adds more lube and pushes back in with two fingers. Sherlock arches his back.
inspired me to write this chapter when she told me about her headcanon that John makes Sherlock wear hideous Christmas jumpers because he thinks Sherlock looks like a precious snowflake in them.
"There are … several things, actually," he says, looking a little confused. "I've found a footprint in her room – well, not a clear print per se, but a few crumbs of soil and plants and whatever sticks to the sole of one's shoe. The kidnapper left us some clues with that."
Sherlock found himself staring, unable to do anything but breathe, although that was an almost hopeless endeavour, too.
John had kissed him goodbye long and sensually as if he didn't want to leave at all, but he and Greg had promised Mike the day before to help him fix something that Sherlock couldn't quite remember. Something up on the loft of his parents' house. It wasn't important, but it would leave Sherlock on his own for most of the day.
John’s thumb runs over Sherlock’s sharp cheekbone, caressing the rosy skin beneath it. There’s no rush anymore now. Just languid kisses and heavy breaths.
“Explain, then. Tell me this is a misunderstanding.” John’s voice was cold, too. He had never seen him like this.
It was so hard to find something for him, though, and he couldn’t stay out for long, otherwise he’d get into the storm and he wanted to avoid this at all costs, but he definitely had to have another look around the shops soon because Christmas was approaching in huge steps and he never bought anything at the last minute, especially when it came to John.
Greg pulled them to the bar and invited them to a drink. Sherlock had to translate the drinks menu and order eventually. While Greg, Bill and John stuck with beer, Mike and Sherlock both had a tequila sunrise. If Sherlock had to endure the sweating throng of people moving to the music – it couldn’t be called dancing, Sherlock was sure of that – he wouldn’t do it in a sober state.
John’s behaviour was so different recently. He didn’t act strange when he was at home, but when he was out, he always found an excuse not to come home when he had promised to. Did something keep him from returning just yet?
He removed the syringe when it was empty and disposed it as well as the gloves. “How did you take the cocaine?"
“Then I really must be in heaven,” John sighs, head sinking back into the pillow, the warmth pulling him back into the blissful darkness.
Sherlock let out a moan, pulling John closer until he stood right between his parted legs, his right thigh pressing against the front of Sherlock’s trousers; pressing, rubbing, grinding.
»Nothing,« John said, trying not to grin and failing miserably whereupon Sherlock raised an eyebrow, but remained silent.
Sherlock walks determinedly to the centre of the rooftop, slipping from John’s grasp. He whisks around, but nobody is there. “It can’t be. It has to be here. It
His closed eyes cannot hold back the tears, but that doesn’t matter. The last five seconds of their lives matter.
John could picture a great part of Sherlock’s childhood by just having a quick look around his four walls and he smiled fondly at him.
He watched John walk down the street until he disappeared in the crowd of people. Right then, what could he get Mycroft? He hadn’t given him a present ever since he was a child and neither had he got anything from his brother. He was well aware Mycroft would probably be suspicious; he’d think Sherlock only needed a special favour and that was the only reason why he’d buy him a gift.
Sherlock invited him to a sundae of his choice and John already waved a hand at that, but Sherlock rolled his eyes and made him sit down without any further ado. He had inherited this trait from his parents both and his grandma. They were very similar when it came to resistance, always urging people just to accept a gift, especially when it was well deserved, as it was now.
Sherlock’s chest still tingled at the words. He wondered if they would ever stop achieving this effect, but he hoped not. He revelled in the feeling.
“I didn’t even know about Ajay. I didn’t know anything about her past except that she was an assassin.”
He doesn't have to be. Sherlock's eyes are slightly wet, too, but they're not judging, not blaming, not cold. A soft expression lies in them, and John feels some of the tension leave his body.
They drank their hot cocoa in comfortable silence. Nothing was left of the anger and the despair. Maybe this was the magic Christmas brought along?
"Hmm, who knows how long you would have kept everything from me if I hadn't. Those doubts you have are immeasurable," Sherlock murmurs against his chest. "You should be thankful I made you confess."
Whenever John touched him, his skin prickled. His heart beat faster and his lungs screamed for air. The lump in his throat would never go away and his cheeks never lost their colour either.
It didn't take anything else and before he knew it, he was arching his back, his hand releasing John's erection reluctantly, but instead, it came up to rest on his hips and dig into his skin. His eyes fell shut and a strangled moan cut through the silence of the room that was only filled with the sounds of their breathy pants and murmurs a few moments earlier.
It had been several days since Sherlock last left the flat. There was still no phone call from Lestrade, which meant his brain was literally about to rot and tear itself to pieces.
John smiled against his mouth and moved his hand lower to his balls, squeezing gently, resuming the touches he had sent him to heaven with before, before they moved even lower, back to his entrance.
They finally came up for air, panting into each other’s mouths, their lids heavy and their knees wobbly.
Suddenly the rattling of the dishes and cutlery in the sink stops. "Oh, John," Mrs Hudson answers; her voice sounds soft and disbelieving as though she is upset she has to put this into words. "You're not a single parent."
With that, he hung up. “Our boy really has grown up,” was probably what his mother said to his father now, who had been listening the entire time. She always put him on speaker.
“I take this as a compliment,” John winked, rendering Sherlock speechless for a second before he snorted and shook his head and continued their water fight.
Sherlock grinned and pressed against John’s lips, loving that he could do this all the time now. Feeling John’s mouth on his was even more addictive than seeing him smile.
John removed it from the collar and opened it, revealing an elegant golden ring with a short and slim silver stripe in the middle.
There were nights when they fell straight into bed after a long and eventful day with Rosie, there were nights when they merely kissed each other goodnight because one or both them were too tired to do anything else but wind their arms around one another, and there were nights when they stumbled into the bedroom, kissing each other passionately, already tearing at one another's clothes, fumbling for buttons and zippers and hems of shirts and waistbands.
"It's all right, John. It was a mistake. There's no need for this unnecessary conversation, which is about to complicate matters even further. We both are inebriated, and it was a reckless thing to do with all barriers down. Let’s wipe it from our memories and–“
Sherlock turned around as slowly and quietly as he could so the hopeful visitor would not hear him. When he sneaked past the living room, his grandma lifted her head from the pillow and looked up at him sleepily. “Who was it, Liebling?”
“I need–“ Sherlock folded his arms around John’s neck for the second time that night, keeping him close so he couldn’t see his face.
feel better in a situation like this and given it a try. Words weren’t necessarily needed; he didn’t need Sherlock to talk about what was troubling him, as he knew Sherlock never discussed emotionally upsetting matters, so he just gave him comfort and a feeling of security by folding his arms around his shivering figure and soothing him with a lovely and peaceful song.
"You won't," Sherlock promises, his voice calm and reassuring. He's so much warmer than John has ever seen him, and he briefly wonders if that is due to the talk they had a couple of nights ago. "Just talk to me, John. That's what people do, don't they?"
It’s barely six; breakfast is not before seven thirty. He raises his hands to his face, pressing his palms against his eyes, wincing as he does so. His chest feels like a bomb, about to explode whenever he does a wrong movement.
On the sofa, John scoffs. "Bloody brilliant father I am." He rubs a hand over his face, eyes briefly trailing to the forgotten bottle of Scotch on the table. "Can't even calm my own child down."
He still had the chance to go Cambridge of course. He had only asked Mycroft to sort another application – to the King's College in London. Thankfully he hadn't told John about it. It had almost slipped from his lips the previous night, but then sleep had overtaken him, and he hadn't wanted to spoil the evening.
It was met with a moan breaking free from John's mouth as he welcomed him into a tight embrace, pulling him
John laughed against Sherlock’s neck, pressing a gentle kiss to his collarbone. “The stars are coming out.”
The young man's smile vanished, and Sherlock hated himself even more for letting this deduction slip out. "How the hell do you know I'm studying medicine?" he wanted to know.
John smiled at her with that tantalising, mesmerising upward curl of his lips. Sherlock found himself admiring it particularly today, and he still had no explanation for it.
The wails soon turn into little sniffles and hiccups, and it doesn't take long until he feels a small weight on his collarbone where she rests her head. He presses a little kiss to her forehead and puts her back down in her crib. "Sleep well, princess," he says quietly and sneaks out of the room silently.
Sherlock couldn’t imagine this with John sitting just a metre across from him and that sweet smile lingering on his lips. Maybe it was the fact that he didn’t
The quiet splatter of soft raindrops against the window pulled him out of his slumber. His lids were hanging heavy over his eyes, and it took him a while to blink himself awake. The sky looked grey, the branches of trees in front of the house swayed lightly with the wind and the leaves rustled. To his left lay the boy whose breath grazed Sherlock’s neck with a steady rhythm every two and a half seconds; the boy who had almost taken him apart mere hours ago.
John’s other hand came around his waist, pushing up his shirt a little and touching his exposed skin. The little moan that escaped him frightened him. When John touched him, he lost control over the simplest things. All that took over were his senses.
She laughed at his facial expression and ruffled his hair. He didn't know why he always let her do that. "Sweetheart, I'm not letting you stay in here for three months when the weather is this beautiful. I thought you wanted a change of air, and you're not going to get it by staying inside."
"John …" It comes out in what sounds close to a sob. John can't hide his smile, kissing the inside of his thigh once more, twice more, before pulling back and removing his fingers with caution. Sherlock grimaces in slight discomfort, and John catches it immediately. "All right?"
Sherlock did not find the courage to look at John yet. Instead, his eyes roamed the room to find Irene, who was dancing the male part of a disco fox with her girlfriend Kate a few metres away from them. When Kate did a half-turn, Irene raised her hand to show him a thumbs-up and a wide grin with another one of those damn winks.
Completely immersed in it, he startled when someone suddenly touched his shoulder. Looking up, he stared into a now familiar face smiling down at him.
The grip in his hair tightened, but it did not hurt. He did not steer or press his head down, merely encouraging him. Sherlock pulled back up and off in a long and languid movement but did not leave John too much time to recover. He focussed his attention on the base, running his tongue over it in earnest, and pressing open-mouthed kisses to his testicles.
Sherlock breathed in and out through his mouth because John would have heard his sniffles if he didn’t. They were so close Sherlock could listen to John’s heartbeat. It was beating faster than it should be, as if he was worried and nervous at once.
, Sherlock thought, meaning himself. He took a deep breath and pulled his leg up, digging his fingers into the hurting flesh as his head was swallowed by the water. He kept his eyes tightly shut – it was no use opening them the dirty water, he wouldn’t be able to make out much – protecting his eyes from the salt. His other leg kicked vigorously in the attempt not to be pulled down even more.
He washed his hands before he put on sterile gloves, opened a packet and took out the sterile needle, preparing the injection and disinfecting the crook of Sherlock’s arm. He didn’t flinch when the needle slid in. He was used to the feeling by now.
»You really love him, don’t you,« Mycroft stated and leant back in his chair. »You’re being in a complete tizzy, trying to make me come home for Christmas dinner. It’s ridiculous.«
John nodded. “I’ll start an IV in a minute, but I wanted to give it to you first. It takes about a minute or two to set in.”
John would disappear down the stairs, carrying Rosie with one arm and a bag with all her things with the other. The seventeen steps have never felt this hard to walk down than in the evenings after a draining shift at the clinic when the thought of a 45-minute cab drive was omnipresent in his head. Or so he thought – because going back home after a seemingly endless stay at a hospital that was even longer after having pissed off one's best friend after an embarrassing round of self-pitying and not having had the opportunity to apologise properly to said best friend is even harder.
He wants to ask where Rosie is, but when she steps into the light, the question dies in his throat. Rosie clings to Eurus’ chest, and John immediately sees she’s too pale, despite the darkness.
He pressed his lips tightly around John's cock as he pulled up to the tip at a leisure pace and licked over it again, lapping at it and sliding across his slit.
Suddenly there was nothing of the softness, the gentle tone of John's voice anymore. "Bloody good question,” he answered and held up the small bag that still contained four colourful pills. “I hope you can tell me what the hell is wrong.”
It reminds John of all the dreams that featured this sort of setting. "Access denied. Now eat your dinner." With that, he gets up from his chair and flees from Sherlock's adventurous hands.
He realised his heart was pounding so hard in his chest it made his entire body ache. He’d never felt so nervous and
“The– argh…” A strong wave of pain washed over him, gripping him tightly, not going to let go anymore. He convulsed, digging his fingers into his thighs, looking for stabilisation.
Sherlock clicks the case closed, running his fingers over the beautiful leather, and for a second John wishes those fingers were trailing over his very own skin. He clears his throat in embarrassment. Sherlock doesn't seem to have noticed.
Sherlock went into the shops with less and less hope to buy anything and went out, feeling more and more frustrated and desperate.
"Yes, I saw how well you were handling it," John chuckled and reached for the blanket. "That may be true, but he still had plenty of brawn. He could've knocked you out in no second."
»Sherlock,« John said sternly. »You’ll be fine. I’m sure you’ll be back in just a few hours and you will have solved the case and found the murderer. I’ll give you my gun.«
“Great, had no effect on you at all. I remember how cold it left you.” He looked at the four remaining pulls in the bag. “What the hell were you even thinking?!”
Sherlock is standing in front of him, a safe distance of about three feet between them. He doesn’t know what to do with his hands, merely clasping them together to do anything at all. John reaches out for him, but Sherlock still hesitates.
There were good-to-see-you-kisses and you’re-an-idiot-kisses and I-just-couldn’t-resist-kisses, pecks on the cheek, noses, foreheads, hair.
John chuckled again. “Yeah, I suppose if you can read people like that, everyone must seem like an idiot to you.”
Sherlock groaned and let his head sink into the cushion. »I hate surprises,« came the muffled reply.
John made Sherlock have some more punch to make him more cheerful when suddenly they played a slow and intimate song and some people gathered on the dance floor, including Greg and Molly. This was their chance, John thought.
They fall quiet for a while, but no words are needed. Just them waking up slowly, becoming one with the reality they thought was lost. A reality they never expected to be an option. Not after all the wasted opportunities, the chances that were within their grasp but slipped away before they gathered up the courage to reach for them.
The film had been an important part of his childhood and his mother and he had watched it every single time it was on telly around Christmas time. It was a shame there was still no dubbed version of it after all those years; only the Czech and or the German one was available, but he was thankful for the subtitles.
Sherlock had learnt from the first time John did this to him and used his hands to press John’s hips down to stay in control.
Sherlock jumped from that rooftop to save his life, … or so he says. He believed it was solely an inconvenience to have him tampering in the affair.
Several heartbeats pass in silence before John exhales shakily, draining his glass with one big gulp and setting it aside. "And it's definitely no excuse for what happened in… in the morgue."
… and I hope you can forgive me the emotional torment I caused you. Believe me, it was entirely unintentional. I know you deserve so much more, so much better than me, but all I’m hoping for is for you to want me, too.”
“Her death was staged,” Mycroft tells them. “Besides, in all this agitation, you have probably just had difficulties finding it.”
“Come, I’ll show you,” John answered, taking his hand and leading him to the bathroom. Once they were out of sight, he let his hand disappear in Sherlock’s hair and pulled him down into a kiss, licking over his upper lip and tasting the sweetness of chocolate and cinnamon that was still lingering on Sherlock’s tongue.
»Great. Can we move your Bunsen burner, the Erlenmeyer flasks, test tubes and all the chemical substances that could etch our skin away to the living room then, please?«
»Thanks for making me feel a thousand times better,« John retorted and rolled his eyes. »So you can’t actually offer any help or useful information.«
He stretched his leg and pulled his toes up, hoping the seizing pain would ebb away, but instead it increased, and his still weakened body was pulled underwater a little. "Damn," he breathed, calling out, "John!"
One more excuse to tell Irene not to go to this stupid disco. Unfortunately, his train was going to leave before it would even start. Of course, he had chosen this one on purpose. No way would he let her turn up at his flat and drag him to it after all. If he wasn’t here, he wouldn’t have to bear this undertaking after all.
He kisses him once more, deeply. Sherlock’s tongue is wet and willing, pliant like his entire body and yet insistent. “John,” he half breathes, half moans, bearing down on his fingers and pulling him closer.
“I know your gun is fake," Sherlock said and turned around, but the man's greasy smile told him he just made an enormous mistake by saying this. However, they stopped in their steps, and the main road wasn't that far away yet. Time was his second enemy because it was getting dark.
Sherlock nodded and closed his eyes. John squeezed himself into the narrow space the detective didn’t occupy. His flatmate’s head came to rest in John’s lap almost immediately. John smiled softly at his friend and carded his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, causing him to let out a relaxed sigh. He carried on until Sherlock’s breaths became deep and even.
His heart swells with emotions, conflicting ones. He wants to say all of what he feels out loud but is afraid to do so – afraid to push Sherlock away, afraid of himself. Afraid of breaking this fragile thing of a friendship they have left.
Karla lifted her hand off his chest and reached for his wrist now. “But I’m not one of these people,” she said with a warm and quivering smile. “Come here.”
Sherlock sits on the edge of the tub, hunched over the medical paraphernalia in his hands. Scissors, gauze, bandages.
Sherlock looked at his hands and his arms, staring at his skin as if he was possessed by the devil. He scratched his upper arm, sliding down to brush the ants off.
Sherlock raises an eyebrow, thinking. "Well, nobody except me," he tries, a desperate attempt at making a joke to cheer John up somehow, and there actually is a hint of a smile tugging at John's lips – but it's a fleeting moment only, and it's gone as soon as it appears. Sherlock gently puts Rosie down on the sofa to grab John's wrist and stop him from raising the glass any further.
John leant back in his chair with a relaxed grin and folded his arms behind his head. "It's nice here. I could stay here for a while."
Sherlock wanted to rest his forehead against John's for a little longer, but John pulled back completely. He sighed and went to get the blanket since they had been sitting on the sand before. With a smirk, Sherlock stretched it out over John, making him look like a ghost, even though the blanket was light grey. "What's that about?" John chuckled, and when Sherlock wanted to step away, he reached for him, captured his knees, so he stumbled and tripped over in the sand, pulling John down on top of him, still buried under the grey piece of fabric.
It was no use denying his feelings; Sherlock was aware of that, but taking this one last step was going to make him more vulnerable than he’d ever been in his life.
Sherlock sighed. Giving in, he stood up and went to get his shoes. He reached into one of them and revealed a little present. He ripped off the wrapping paper and opened the small velvet box. Inside it was a new magnifying glass. Sherlock took it out and examined it for several seconds. It was slightly bigger than his current one and it looked quite noble.
“He said, ‘You have to stay with him, John.’ I didn’t realise he wasn’t just referring to a danger night.”
And then the spotlights blinded him. Sherlock’s eyes fell closed. His heart rate couldn’t be healthy anymore.
»You just wait!« he shouted and leant down to grab some snow and get his revenge when John rushed forward and rubbed snow in his face and neck.
Sherlock woke up in the hazy glow that fell into their room in the morning with his face nuzzled into the crook of John’s neck. He opened his eyes and lost himself in the darkness and drowsiness that lay in John’s.
His erection subsided a little and he sighed in relief. Nevertheless, he flipped over and turned onto his stomach, just in case.
“I’m sorry,” he breathed into John’s hair. “I’m really sorry.” His fingers dug into John’s woollen jumper, and he didn’t quite know if it was for John’s consolidation or his own need to find stability, but John’s arms came around his own waist then, as though he had felt his uneasiness.
A small, crumpled-up, violet ticket to the Winter Wonderland Christmas disco stood out against the crimson silk inside the violin case.
Then everything happens too quickly. Something sharp is pressed against his neck, a needle, but before he can defend himself, he already collapses on the ground. A neuromuscular blocking agent is paralysing his muscles.
Sherlock sat up carefully, thinking twice about if he should speak at all, but realised that there was no way to hide this. "I'm not good at making you happy, John."
Sherlock tried to concentrate on John’s hand on his hip, the warm pressure it exerted, how good it felt, how much it made his insides tickle, instead of the truth of the words the artist was singing. Sherlock could relate so much although he was not in the position of the person in the song. He did not have and hold. This moment was only temporary.
“I need to go,” he says abruptly and gets up. “I hope it’s actually safe for me to go home. Or did she hide a bomb somewhere in the house before her passing …”
John turned around and grinned at him. »Thank you,« he said and his voice was warm and lovely and Sherlock tried very hard not to smile, too. »If it’s boring, we’ll leave together, at once,« he promised.
Finally, he collapses on top of Sherlock, panting, gulping. Sherlock’s chest rises and falls just as wildly as his own. Their hands find one another; fingers intertwine of their own accord.
"No, it's not," John protests, forcing himself to keep his voice at a low level for the sake of not waking Rosie up. "It's not, and we both know it. You stabbed that thing to the damn wall. I wrote it when I was drunk and out of my mind, and you … you almost–" John's voice breaks, and he begins to sob. It's probably the alcohol lowering his barriers, but at this moment, he just doesn't care. Sherlock has seen him cry before. So to hell with it.
»Right then, Molly’s just arrived. I’ll talk to you later and enjoy yourselves!« Greg grinned and winked at John.
Were his concerns really showing in the way he held himself? Jesus Christ, now she wanted him to say. Damn his shoulders! He would not take part in this, certainly not, no way–
Whenever he woke, he was achingly hard. Not that Mary minded much, but then there were Sherlock's comments on his performance. They decreased in their frequency eventually but never disappeared altogether.
Alison, the DI’s eight year old niece, was supposed to stay with him for the week which was not an issue up till now because now, there was work to do and Molly couldn’t look after her during the day because she didn’t have another day off this week.
"People wouldn't follow the action if there weren't at least a bit of romantic entanglement," Sherlock commented then.
Sherlock shook his head and buried his face in his hands. Why had he been so foolish? John had told him their time was limited. He might have said this wasn’t a meaningless fling, but who knew if he meant it. Why else would he have kept pressing him to go to Cambridge? Not wanting to bar his way to a bright future? Sherlock laughed bitterly at that. He wasn’t interested in a continuation of their relationship at all. That was much more likely.
want you to come! And you just stay at home and pretend to be happy when you sit down in front of your damn fireplace with a glass of Scotch. I know you hate being around family and
“Couldn’t sleep anymore,” John replied softly and stepped a little closer. Sherlock felt two strong arms fold around his waist and a warm chest press against his back a moment later, and wanted to relax into the touch. He had been walking all night, never stopping, never taking a break, just walking and running and smoking and thinking. His back ached and his knees were about to give way.
Dancing in close proximity to John was certainly not an option; least of all when he’d had a bit of alcohol and could control his actions even less.
"Not as in we always met elsewhere; as in there was never anyone to bring home," Sherlock murmured, avoiding John's eyes. His heart was beating vigorously in his chest, and a wave of panic ran through his veins. He had no idea how John would react to this kind of statement.
›That’s what you say every time you’re suffering from boredom,‹ John had told him with a smile before he left for work.
If there was any trace of inebriety left in Sherlock, he did not let it show. It was as if he had sobered immediately. The blood in his veins was boiling. Who did this man think he was? “We have to live with the pointless existence of homophobic imbeciles like you, too. Get over it.”
His lips were red and swollen from the kiss, his cheeks rosy and his eyes darker than Sherlock had ever seen them. He must have looked similar. He felt warm and fuzzy all over; the nerviness faded more and more now, only a few traces stayed behind – and of course John noticed.
“If you want to shout at me for my many mistakes, you might as well start now,” he straightened himself, his voice firm now, not breaking despite the tears in his eyes. “It’s a rather long list, falling for you being at the very top of it!”
