I sealed the letter in one of the several envelopes I brought in my bags, and addressed it as appropriate:
“Oh, but I do not mean it in a reproachful way, not in the slightest.” Miranda turned to us with a charming, beautiful smile. “Thomas would only question your views and ideas out of love and care. It is in his nature to seek freedom for everyone, and sometimes he will attempt to free you even from yourselves. It is very much how he won me over all those years ago. Half a decade of marriage—and I am yet to tire of this quality of his.”
“Ah, well, I am rather glad his return has been joyous. My husband and I are avid readers of your stories and have been through them all at least half a dozen times now. So, should you ever feel so inclined to return to the serials, count two votes in their favour,” she spoke with a casualty so rare in those of her social stature. Had I not been aware of her familial ties, I may have doubted her title. The tone of her speech was not unwelcome, however.
I found myself turning my hands over themselves in thought at James’ reply, attempting to select my next words with care.
“Well, for starters, anyone standing in this tavern,” an all too familiar voice—quite definitely not that of John Silver—spoke over the top of the existing feud, and froze me in my tracks. It was a voice I would recognise on my deathbed.
“How? I wrote such romantic, foolish musings in our younger years. I feared I had been so blatant it may incriminate me at any moment! You are ever so observant in your work, how did something so overbearing in my eyes elude you?”
Huge thank you’s to Mara and Finnen for editing this beast for us. Thank you to Char @CharCubed for making the gorgeous cover art (viewable on Chapter 1). Thank you to AI @AIHolmes for your brilliant plot contribution! And of course, thank you also to all of our regular readers who left comments on most/every chapter when it came out. All of you helped make this fic into what it was, and we are forever grateful.
“James, dearest, you simply must come hear of Mary’s account of the Harringtons’ new exhibition! The same one we went to see together, remember?” Lady Hamilton called out to the Lieutenant, as though attempting to cover what possible conversation we may have been engaging ourselves with in that moment. Lieutenant McGraw bade me goodbye with a curt nod and marched over to the woman he supposedly was in affairs with. I followed him with my eyes as he walked away, his back ever so ramrod-straight.
“Our family’s misery is all to be attributed to that wretched woman he calls a wife,” he began again. If I did not know better of English nobility, I would have said the word ‘wife,’ had been spat across his teeth. “I know you are less… involved in the talk among the more bureaucratic circles, Mr. Holmes, so you may be unaware of how the Hamilton name has sat in many people’s mouths recently. There are… unsavoury rumours… about her behaviour. About the kind of impropriety she embarks in behind closed doors. The shame she brings about to our family name with these whispers alone cannot stand! And worst of it all, Thomas seems to be entirely unaware of the damage that is doing to our—to his—legacy. Perhaps, if my son was to know the disparity she could bring to us, to our name, to our work, he would have the decency to keep her away from polite society.”
I staggered out of the carriage and even if filled with the smell of soot and ash, the air outside felt like a blessing to the putrid smell inside. I emptied my bowels off to the side.
“My dearest John has taken a hiatus from publishing in recent years, but Sherlock Holmes is quite busy at work indeed!” Mary chimed in, I assumed in an attempt to direct Silver’s attention away from my contemplative expression. Her words did little but remind me of the gaping hole in my life that Holmes’ absence has left.
As his lips met mine, I felt my mind go blank of all thought that may have occupied it before. My hand reached up to his jaw, and then to his neck; as though keeping him in place, desperate for the moment to last forever. His soft touch first came to my shoulder, and then to the back of my head. Our kiss intensified as the shackles around us shattered, much the same as the ones we freed Thomas from.
sent me one year prior, Mr. Flint, but I did not believe his connection to you or the Hamiltons to be of relevance to his missing daughter. I did, of course, look into his deeds when you made me aware of him, though nothing of interest came up—he was a widowed man, raising his only daughter, and had recently come into a high-level appointment at Whitehall, which was not surprising due to his political achievements. But, now that I sat in his home and drank his tea, I observed something rather uncomfortably familiar in his parlour. An ornate, wooden clock upon his mantlepiece, with gold plated hands.”
“You’re incredible, you know that?” Silver hissed at James, evidently recovered from his state of shock. “You’re angry at me for something I didn’t even
“Mr. and Mrs. Watson, so wonderful for you to come! If I am not mistaken, you must be the famed Mr. Sherlock Holmes?” I bowed my head before her in salutation as she offered her gloved hand to Holmes. He took it in kind, with a smile to match it. The difference in his introduction here as opposed to the one I witnessed this morning took me by the smallest alarm, before I recognised it to be a layer of disguise Holmes so often adorned himself with.
Conversation flowed with ease between us. Thomas, much like in his salon, was ready to tackle complicated subjects and conduct deep philosophical discussions, only to ask whether I would like another serving of pork in the same breath. It impressed me, how he turned complicated discourse into small talk, how carefully he pried open our sensibilities and then questioned them with care and curiosity. Oftentimes, Miranda would put her hand on his shoulder to serve as a reminder for him to take a bite of his meal before it went cold—he would so enthuse himself talking that he would forget we were having dinner.
“Hello, my dear!” I greeted them in kind. “Good morning, Miranda.” The ladies seated themselves across from me at the booth. Miranda cast an affectionate glance at Mary and a warm feeling came across me once again at the joy of this reunion.
“Eleanor…” Silver tried again, as though speaking in place of James. “Can we not discuss this with some layer of civility, rather than this unnecessary violence?”
“An interesting observation, Holmes,” I murmured, watching the older man get up to leave McGraw on his own. “Do I find implication in your words that this is, perhaps, someone aware of McGraw’s work with Lord Hamilton—and even worked to facilitate it? I believe you are correct in your assessment of their relationship, however. Now that I can cast a closer look at the gentleman’s attire, I can confirm that this is the uniform of a Navy Admiral.”
Within the occupied seats at the head of this event were two men. One with long, auburn hair—neatly gathered in a queue—a firm, determined jaw, and clad in what was unmistakably a Royal Navy Lieutenant’s uniform. Even as he was seated, his back was as straight as a bow, a habit I had only seen in other men with a military background. In the fire-lit parlour, I could see the bright green eyes under a somewhat furrowed brow. If my knowledge did not betray me, I assumed this to be none other than Lieutenant James McGraw, the very man who Lady Hamilton had taken into her bed. It surprised me to see him here—for would this not be much like a murderer returning to the scene of the crime?—but for all his rigid discipline, McGraw did not appear uncomfortable or out of place. Quite the contrary, he looked rather at home in the Hamiltons’ residence, and at Lord Hamilton’s side. While I could not readily discern much from his stern expression alone, the letter read in Baker Street earlier that day lingered in my mind. Much of the same embarrassment I felt upon meeting Lady Hamilton returned to me, feeling as though I was intruding into a world of private passions I should not have been privy to. It astounded me how this stern-looking, sea-hardened man could have penned the poetic words of devotion that Holmes and myself had read just this morning.
Silver informed us of an empty room beside Ashbourne’s lodgings that could serve us well for surveillance. James and Silver traded off with separate parts of the explanation, as though in a coordinated dance. I was captivated by their seamless comfort with one another, even in such stressful circumstances, as though planning things like this was their natural habitat with one another.
Thomas nods solemnly. “I know this now. I learned the truth once I was moved from Reading Gaol into the--” He trips over his words then, uncharacteristically. “The private-- the institution that--”
After a period of quiet, a thought came to my mind. One that, perhaps, I should have thought of earlier on in our planning, and yet it managed to sneak past me. Given the man it centred upon, this felt rather laced with irony.
He sent that same smile my way, and I could swear I saw a flicker of something in his eye at my words. Such a sight made it difficult to believe that this man was as irritating and incompetent as James’ attitude toward him would indicate. Even in his kind gestures of friendly interaction, it appeared as though he was gathering information; gathering knowledge on the minute aspects of every person at the table. For what purpose, I was not sure.
“I should think you know full well what happened since you started it! Now speak before I slit you from cock to gullet.”
This seemed to take James out of his stupor. “Miranda!” His breathing was coming in short, panicked bursts. “Where is she? Is she—”
“... but my dearest Philpott, I simply cannot find it in myself to agree with you,” he was saying with a gentle smile that did not at all suggest malice in his disagreement. “I, too, enjoyed Ruskin’s thoughts on Byron and Wordsworth—and in fact, as James here would readily attest, I was one of the select few to even find his work on industrialisation and weather patterns rather gripping indeed—but I do believe that
More notably, however, Miranda no longer carried the bright joy in her eyes that was so familiar to me in the past. Now, there was a solemnity to the warm expression on her cheek, and much of the—sometimes reckless—joviality about her had vanished without a trace. Her wedding ring still adorned her finger and seeing it, I realised something I had long known anyway—although her marriage with Thomas had been unconventional at best, the love they shared was deep and true. His loss had shaken her to her core. Grief and worry were etched deep into her face, yet when she smiled in greeting some of the familiar warmth returned to her eyes.
“All this time? After all that we have done?” Holmes finally spoke, a creak in his voice I did not wish to hear again. I could do one of two things now: claim ignorance as to what he referred, or fall in. Dive into the heart of what I had kept locked away for so long, in the hopes I may be able to float up to the surface again.
“Do have a seat, Miranda, if you please,” Mary chimed in. Lady Hamilton gave her order of—a cup of Darjeeling—to the tea room waiter, and joined us at our table, removing her gloves.
“He lied to you. He told you a half truth just in an attempt to frighten you, when he had already won.” Sherlock turns toward Thomas, then, pushing his fingernails into the palms of his hands and averting his eyes.
“Holmes, what is the matter? You do not seem like yourself.” At that, a sigh fell from his lips. I had managed, it appeared, to crack his outer shell with an ease I had not found in years.
Sherlock freezes at that, his eyes blinking rapidly of their own volition. He swallows the agony that has made its home in his throat.
After some exchanged niceties, the four of us parted ways. Mary and Miranda stayed at the booth, James bade us goodbye with a nod and a quick kiss to Miranda’s cheek before going back out into the frigid January morning, and I ventured back up to my rooms to fetch some privacy so as to write back to London. Or, more specifically, to Holmes. I stared for a moment at the blank page before me, and worried my hands with the pen in my grasp before forcing my hands to write. This was of an importance beyond my agony for him, and there was no time to waste.
As I leaned upon the mercy of a stranger with smoke choking my lungs, and screams and, Good Lord, the
Tears flowed freely from his eyes now, and I allowed myself the indulgence of wiping them away with my thumb.
“James,” I began with a softness, hoping not to startle the man. “When they arrive as planned, where will Mr. Silver be going?”
“So, what then? Did you just find all this out months ago and allow us to fall into the trap anyway? Just to prove how clever you are?” James said in a harsh, throaty tone. It was only when I peered up at his face that I noticed the shining wetness beneath his eyes.
“Sleep well, my dear Watson,” Holmes murmured as he examined his notes of the case so far. The letter, newspaper clippings he had gathered, along with several photographs of Thomas and Miranda Hamilton, poised as the perfect noble couple. He studied the smiles on their faces with an intensity I wished so deeply to cherish. Instead, something menacing twisted in my gut as I shut the door behind me.
John takes one last look at them and he is worried, of course he is. He would not be John Watson if he was not. Sherlock attempts to channel all the reassurance he does not feel into his nod and he watches John retreat back with some kind of anguish he does not fully understand within himself.
Whatever it was that James was about to say, it was left unsaid—for our conversation was suddenly interrupted by Mary, rushing into the room. She was flushed, out of breath and her eyes were shining in the darkness.
from the floor below. James shot up from his seat with a start, a fire still roaring within him despite his fatigue and injuries. I was not quite sure what it was that kept him from passing over from sheer exhaustion.
“Was that how you knew?” I asked quietly, and my voice did not sound like mine at all. “When you realised that you were ready to kill a man for Thomas. Was this how you knew you loved him?”
In a swift motion, Miranda pulled James into a firm yet gentle embrace, careful with his shoulder. She seemed to sense where it was that he was hurting without him having to say a word.
James was quiet and tense at my side and I felt intensely uncomfortable with the full attention of everyone in the room focused on me. Mrs. Rogers seemed to consider something before meeting James’ eyes again.
I looked back at Mary. “If Thomas knew all that was at stake, he would probably kill us all for even thinking of attempting it. I cannot tell you whether we will succeed, my dear. I cannot tell you whether we will all get our happy ending. But what I know—and I am as certain of it as I am of the fact that the sun will rise tomorrow—is that we must at least try. We simply must.”
I heard the banging on the door to the left of ours, the one leading to the empty room. If only we had had the chance to use it, to maybe lie in wait! I cursed myself for following with James’ murderous impulse.
“What information is that?” Eleanor asked, turning to look at him now. Whilst I had no clear idea of the nature of their relationship prior to today, the betrayal appeared to cut deep into James’ heart. He appeared willing to do anything in his power to end this with as little disaster possible and he did not wish to do harm to Mrs. Rogers, despite the fact that she still had a gun turned on him.
“Remarkable, is it not, John?” Sherlock asked with a hushed voice against my ear. The closeness of it made my heart soar.
“The signal,” James voiced my thoughts from behind me. “Miranda said she would leave two lanterns by the path every night for us. A light to beckon us home.”
“Yes,” I breathed, for we had all memorised the precise directions to the cottages from Miranda’s letter, just in case. “Yes, I do. We will wait for you there, God willing.”
“I am not one accustomed to gentle handed conversation or apology. I imagine you gathered this from John’s writings many years ago, and it is one thing from those stories that does stand to be true in reality. In saying as much, however, I have had many years to contemplate my actions in 1895, and the role I played in your life then, and up to this point. I have churned the events over in my mind for half a decade, and there is little on this Earth that I am more apologetic for—”
“Does my nature toward him hold significance, given his state upon leaving our rooms? He appeared rather delighted upon my acceptance of the case.”
I had no time to ruminate on this fact as I heard the door smash open, clearly kicked in. Before I could reach for my gun, I felt a hand pulling on my forearm. “Doctor Watson! Don’t shoot them.” It was James. His breath was coming in short bursts and I could see a wound blooming on his forehead where something had clearly hit him. “We need to move, Doctor, now!”
“I am in love with you, Sherlock Holmes.” His gaze snapped up at me again, and something akin to shock lined his face.
Miranda squeezed James’ wrist as some complicated emotion battled its way on his face. He sighed, deeply. “Madi, I—” He swallowed. “The cache, Madi. Eleanor Guthrie, she— we were forced to tell her where to find the coordinates of the cache. I am so sorry, I—”
The Lord snapped his head around to meet Holmes’ steady gaze, who was now seated in his chair in a more typical manner.
I quickly started adorning myself in the clothing he threw my way, and looked to see that he was dressed in the majority of his suit, save for the waistcoat and jacket. On top of which, he wore his favourite blue silk dressing gown, lined with a rather delicate lace pattern. If I was less racked with the weariness of sleep interrupted, I may have commented on the rather feminine garment being yet another sign of Sherlock’s inclination that I missed.
When I did not reply, Thomas tilted his head in a question. “Has my candour made you uncomfortable? I am ever so sorry. As Miranda has pointed out, I do rather have a habit of putting my foot in it.”
He nodded in exhausted compliance, and tore himself away from Miranda slowly. He removed both coats and his shirt in—somewhat surprising—haste, and handed them to Miranda to do away with. Mary had rushed past us into the hall to fetch my medical bag, I assumed. She returned in a moment with it in hand, before herself and Miranda left us to the fire, with Miranda placing a kiss on James’ forehead. At that moment I was less so Mary’s husband or even her friend, I was a doctor returning from war with an injured patient.
“And Jack’s beautiful shadow is Anne Bonny.” Max nodded to the thin ginger woman, who had single-handedly killed four men her size, and was now petting Jack Rackham’s head as if he was some kind of overgrown feline. Despite this, Anne Bonny was just as menacing and dark as she had been; she gave us a nod and said nothing.
“The Captain can stay with me in the ground floor room,” Silver nodded towards James. “I’ll keep an eye on him, Doctor Watson.”
and with that, this marks the end of act one of Sherlock Holmes and the Lord in Disgrace! starting tomorrow, we will be posting 14 intermission chapters over the next 14 days (one chapter a day! exciting!). after that, we will be posting act two! i hope you're enjoying this fic, and please leave comments if so!
“It’s my pleasure, my dear. Thankfully, Holmes is out for the afternoon in search for information on our most recent case.” I arranged myself at the booth as Mary gestured to the attention of waitstaff, fetching me a late morning brandy.
My friend contemplated the request, and thought I am unsure if it was boredom or genuine intrigue that brought him to it, he nodded in approval.
Her insistence on the matter brought me discomfort. If this case was too dangerous for my own participation, how was I to explain to Holmes the reasoning of such a thing? To show my disinterest now may implicate me with more attachment to the case than is true. My mind returns to the contents of the letter, of what Holmes said of words unspoken. Does he know more of this potential scandal than he allowed me to understand?
I looked to James, and the fire behind his eyes transformed into that of an inferno. The rage bubbling up within him was not dissimilar from the very flames we escaped mere hours prior, and I cowered in his light.
It was not as if we had not spoken our given names aloud to one another before. Of course, there were times we uttered it as an introduction to a client, a friend. But, in the stagnant nighttime air, on an unfamiliar sofa in an unknown place, hearing my name said softly from his lips was the one home I could find.
A sigh fell from my lips then, unsure of how to answer the weathered man before me. To be hopeful may offer him a more substantial comfort than was possible to confirm in that moment. But, I knew James to be sensible, and able to parse through my inability to predict the results of such a detailed plan. I lined up my needle, and made the first stitch. As James hissed through the pain, I responded.
“I have a question, Holmes,” I said after a moment. I had realised that there was still a piece of information missing from this unfortunate tale.
“I assure you, Captain, I haven’t the slightest idea what you’re referring to. I created the plan myself, helped you gather all the necessary pieces. Why in God’s name would I wish to sabotage it, when my reputation is on the line?” Silver pleaded, his wit returning to him with every syllable.
That being true, the mention of Holmes’ absence formed a sore physical reminder in my chest for a breath of a moment. I was grateful that she did not inquire further about such a painful time in my life.
The rushing night air shook James back into wakefulness as we approached the outskirts of Marilès. As instructed, just after we passed the signage indicating the small town, we turned left off the road. We followed down a smaller dirt path, away from much of the village and up a hill until we reached a small clearing with a collection of modest cottages. I was uncertain which one belonged to Mary and Miranda at first, but I spotted two twin lanterns off in the distance, and then I remembered the final piece to Miranda’s instructions.
The reason for his behaviour became clear as he moved closer at more of a hobble than a walk. The dull sound of a crutch against the wooden floor called my attention to the fact that where the bottom half of his left leg would be, there was nothing at all. Before he could reach our table and undoubtedly ask our opinion of his cooking, the front doors of the tavern opened with a burst of freezing morning air. In the doorway stood none other than James; his form tense but otherwise seemingly uninjured. His gaze found us immediately, and I saw some of the tension in Miranda’s shoulders bleed away as their eyes met. He looked over at our booth of untouched plates before looking back at this unfamiliar one-legged man with a scowl on his face I knew all too well.
“Yes, he is quite attached to this city now, it seems. Our work continues, much the same as before, nonetheless,” I replied. I wished not to imply our slowed business to the Lady, so as to avoid any suggestion that a new case could be of enough significance to discuss.
“John has been expertly keeping us updated on your plans and movements. When Max got word of the plans to kill you at the
I opened my eyes to see the somewhat silhouetted face of none other than Sherlock Holmes, hovering above me. The room was dark still, yet a faint blue hue spread across the room we now shared.
I did not miss the way she said his name, lighter than James, yet I also did not fail to notice her use of the past tense.
“What civility do I owe to you, Mr. Silver? All you have done is bring repulsive men through my door, and defend the bloodthirsty animal you call
I wondered, vaguely, whether the fire was lit in Baker Street as well, whether Holmes was standing above it with his usual look of contemplation, hands steepled behind his back. The thought entered my mind, unexpected yet not unwelcome, as thoughts of Holmes tended to be. Any emotion born of this interaction with Thomas Hamilton seemed to rely, in exclusion, with feelings toward my old friend. A truth such as that unnerved me, in the altered state my mind existed in at the moment. To think of Holmes in such a vulnerable state was a danger I dared not explore most days. Yet, Thomas seemed to wish to pull such indecency out of me anyway.
A group of navy officers were observing McGraw from the side, and one leaned to say something to him, though I could not catch it well. Holmes raised an eyebrow. I was well aware that my friend’s hearing was much superior to mine—he had not spent years under the rain of gunfire, after all—and he was rather proficient in the art of lip-reading, a skill that had proven itself infinitely useful in our work.
We moved into the dining area where we had taken our breakfast just the previous morning. It was nearly incomprehensible to me how much everything had changed since then, how we now found ourselves in this company of James’ friends, who seemed to be an odd mix of ruffians and yet to whom we now owed our lives. With a scraping noise, Charles unceremoniously pushed two tables together.
He turned to face me, and in the corner of my eye I spotted Holmes perk up from his leaned position to study the guest before us. The performance of the aloof, disinterested host, transformed into the fascinated detective.
did you think was going to happen?” James exploded, which was impressive, considering a man twice his height had an arm around his neck.
“My identity is a well kept secret when I travel on work matters in Britain and the continent, Mr. Holmes. I would much prefer it to remain so,” she said evenly. “In our company, I am happy to be merely known as Madi.” She walked to James’ other side, where he enveloped her in a one-armed hug. “It is good to see you too, Captain. Now may we please all take a seat before you have fallen over yourself. I have many things I need to tell you.”
“This leaves one question unanswered, Mr. Holmes,” James started, finding some of his wits again. “How does any of this prove Silver’s innocence?”
Lieutenant McGraw was headed to the bar, aiming to get another drink I presumed. His eyes were fixed forward and, much to my thanks, he did not look our way.
Sherlock is taken aback at Thomas’ words, both due to the intensity of how he says them, as well as the implication behind it. “What threat are you speaking of?”
James did not say another word, but he was clearly ready to make good on his promise as he reached for his already bloodied dagger.
“Unfortunate as it may be, yes. One Lieutenant James McGraw. He works as my son’s advisor and liaison in his recent political escapade, and has been nothing but inflammatory in his beliefs and behaviour since the moment I made his acquaintance. I am certain he is the one aiding in the destruction of my family, Mr. Holmes, all I am in need of now is more evidence.”
Holmes cleared his throat and a shadow settled upon his face. “I fear Lieutenant McGraw may well be more of a threat to the Hamiltons’ safety than just a simple affair—particularly to the young Lord. You witnessed the way he treated a fellow naval officer just for speaking one word against the Lady’s honour. What, indeed, would he do if Thomas was to discover his friend’s indiscretion, especially with his own wife? Would McGraw hesitate to hurt him, do you think? For I tell you Watson, the conversation between the Lieutenant and his superior left me in a particular distress.”
Sherlock is lost for word or reason for a moment, thoughts racing across his mind. If apology was not what he seeks, then what? He takes a deep inhale from his pipe, unable to locate a cohesive thought.
Thomas gives Sherlock a sad smile. “Of course it was relevant. I immediately understood your motivations after that meeting with my father. Do you know what he said to me?” Thomas takes a deep breath and the way he clutches his own wrist seems almost painful. “He told me that James and Miranda were in America, in a house owned by Peter, in South Carolina. He told me that, should I create any trouble, it will be in the blink of an eye that James’ … true nature would be revealed to the South Carolina authorities.” Thomas is as white as a sheet, clearly struggling with just the memory. “As it happens, my father was well aware that I knew that South Carolina is the last place in America that still upholds the death penalty for sodomy.”
I would be dishonest to say that the direct comparison made between Holmes and I to Thomas and James did not shake me. I halted my suturing in contemplation of his meaning, before deciding it best to just ask him what he meant.
“We simply must have you and the Lord for dinner, Miranda. If what I have heard about him is any indication to his conversation or intellect, I am certain John would adore his company.”
Thomas watches him carefully. “I understand this is a lot to take in. You thought me dead but a week ago, and yet here I am, at your breakfast table, drinking your tea. When James finds himself feeling much like I assume you are at the moment, it helps him to stand and pace on the floor. Feel free to do so, if you would like. I would not judge you.”
“Welcome, everyone, to our home. Please, do follow me into our parlour. Mr. Woods will be happy to take your hats and coats,” the Lady addressed with spirit and tenacity.
We solemnly made our way back to Baker Street after another quarter hour observing the Hamilton home. I elected to spend the night in my old rooms within 221B, rather than trek back to my lodgings with Mary. I knew it would be of no concern on her part, as such an act was common enough in recent months. The warmth of our parlour was most welcome after the chill of the London evening.
“We’ll just stay here, I guess!” Rackham bellowed behind us as I nodded towards the stairwell. Holmes started forward, not turning around to meet my eyes. James and Silver went in front of me and I heard their conversation clearly.
We seated ourselves along the table and Holmes ran his eyes across the newcomers. “Some introductions would not go amiss, ladies and gentlemen, for I am sure you are all aware of who I am, yet I am still missing the names of some of the people around this table. It would be good for us all to begin discussions on an equal footing.”
“He speaks true,” Rackham hastened to add. “We know Billy Bones. He is one of their men. Big fellow, tall as an oak tree. Can’t miss him.”
With that, the four of us made our way to the epicentre of tonight’s festivities. Chairs arranged in a hemisphere around the fireplace within a large, immaculately decorated parlour room. Beside the fire were three chairs facing the others, two of them filled as one waited for the Lady.
” James was unwilling to yield, his voice determined and firm. He spoke Eleanor’s surname as if it made his teeth ache.
James continued to sob out his lover’s name in short bursts of frightened, frantic air that Thomas took into himself with a deep, loving kiss.
Yet, I had a much more important task ahead of me, for I could see James, wild around the eyes, staggering towards the carriage I had just left.
“Now, if you eliminate myself from the possible suspects—as I know what my actions were—the list was rather limited. There was Mary and John Watson, yourself, Lady Hamilton and… Lord Peter Ashe. You mentioned in your letter that he had offered to help Lord Hamilton and yourself with his political campaign, correct? Well, it seems that Lord Ashe’s intentions may not have been of the purest sort.”
Mary and I reached Baker Street minutes before the time Holmes requested, to find the man himself lounged upon the sofa, eyes glued to his rather unspectacular ceiling. As we entered the parlour, Holmes did not change his positioning to greet or otherwise indicate to us his awareness of our presence.
“That fact only motivates me to ask more questions. What about that letter gave you such a radical change of heart?”
It’s a secluded holiday house for wealthy nobles who wish to remain unseen by the adoring public. I have... visited it once or twice on professional business,” Silver explained, though the way in which he referenced his profession was loaded with a connotation I could not comprehend. James gave him a long, hard look for a few seconds, but continued to explain.
“Do not compare yourself to my father.” It is only now that a sharpness enters Thomas’ tone, one that is not directed at Sherlock but rather at the man whose actions initiated this entire ordeal. “I have been told of his fate and I would like to spare no thought for the man who did not find even a sliver of concern in his heart for his own son. You are nothing alike, Mr. Holmes.” Thomas’ eyes stare in the middle distance for a moment and it is as if he is shaking this anger, this violence off his shoulders. When he speaks again, his voice is calm. “I know what he threatened you with. I am aware whose life he chose to bargain with to gain your allegiance. I know, because -- and it is important that what comes next stays entirely between us, Mr. Holmes -- he threatened me with much the same.”
Thomas turned around, ripping his gaze away from me and smiled warmly. “That is no problem at all. Miranda’s musical talent does make one forget everything around them with ease. Time is getting on, though we do tend to retire rather late in the evening, but I would so despise endangering either of you in getting home at such an hour.”
The only reply given was a “Fuck you, Charles,” as the blonde owner sneered at his face. She promptly ignored Jack’s attempts to get himself a drink.
A contemplative look fell upon Mary’s face, as if planning one of her clever schemes she so often employed.
“I need a horse!” Silver shouted. I moved to take James’ weight off Silver and ripped the tainted shoulder from his shirt to uncover the wound. The entry point was rather large, and I tore my own ruined sleeve to attempt to stop the blood seeping from what must have been a bullet wound, buried deep in his shoulder. I fetched the miniscule amount of wound care supplies from my bag—a bit of alcohol, some gauze—that could hardly handle the significance of James’ injury, but for the moment it would have to do. I applied pressure to the wound, and the bleeding seemed to slow enough to apply some bandages. I wrapped his shoulder in a haphazard cover, and shrouded him in my coat to keep his remaining warmth.
As he concluded, Holmes reached for his favoured clay pipe upon the desk beside him, as well as the tobacco stores found in the drawer within. He packed his pipe with vigour, awaiting my reply.
“And—what joy, indeed! For we have a real-life biographer in our midst tonight.” Several heads turned our way as Lord Hamilton rose to his feet and reached for Holmes’ hand in a firm handshake. McGraw stayed seated, however his sharp, discerning gaze remained fixed on us. “Mr. Holmes, Dr. Watson, I cannot express just how flattered I am to make your acquaintance. And of course, the lovely Mrs. Watson. Miranda has spoken of you so very often.” The Lord’s blue eyes returned on me, bright with fire or wine, I could not tell. I accepted the obligatory gesture in kind before he continued to speak. “I was saying, Doctor Watson, that biographical writing is rarely just an expression of one’s ego but—one does hope—has rather loftier goals. Would you not agree?” A playful look came over the Lord’s face and the corner of his mouth curved into a knowing smile. “For I doubt, in all sincerity, that you publish your rather excellent stories in The Strand under the sole pretense of waxing poetic about your esteemed colleague’s intelligence and skill. But, do correct me if I am mistaken.”
“Of course, my dear Holmes, I could not fathom missing such a crucial study in this case!” I prayed that some of my genuine enthusiasm for working alongside Holmes won out over the fearsome nature of what lay beyond this night.
As our prospective client concluded his account, my friend beside me took a deep inhale, taking in every word. It would be a falsehood to state that the intense delicacy of this case did not intrigue me. Equal in its intrigue, however, was its danger. This man was affirmed in his belief that his daughter-in-law was being adulterous, or otherwise indecent, and if I know anything of Sherlock Holmes, such a bold statement of certainty was going to be met with inquiring questions.
Thomas raises a hand to interrupt Sherlock. “You misunderstand me, Mr. Holmes. I am not here to seek an apology from you. There is no forgiveness you need to seek from me and, even if there was need for it, I asked Miranda to convey this to you on the day I was taken. Did she not do so?”
James scoffed, clearly filled with disdain. “I knew Max would get wind of it sooner or later. No. There’s only one weasel on our side that could be behind this and it isn’t just me and the doctor he’s betrayed. Was that too difficult a leap for your tiny brain to figure out, Rackham?”
We were met at the door with a warmth and splendour that we had by now learned to associate with the Hamiltons. Thomas’ smile was bright and charming and his deep eyes reflected the shine from Lady Hamilton’s spectacular jewellery. She greeted us with enthusiasm, as well and insisted that we call her by her Christian name as well. The habit fell easily upon our lips, for
As we made our way outside, it was just before dawn, and a foggy mist coated the outside air with its early spring dew. There was a small stone bench beside the front door of our cottage that I had not noticed in my emotion the night before, and Sherlock and I elected to sit upon it after he lay down a blanket he procured from the sofa inside.
“I can assure you the lady is unharmed, Mr. Flint. I managed to deal with the men sent after both of you soon upon my arrival in Glasgow late on Tuesday evening. I have been aware of your and Lady Hamilton’s movements, Mr. Flint, and I have done all in my power to keep you all safe, even more so after the Watsons joined you. You may have seen me yesterday morning in the dining room downstairs, though I was quite adorned in the dress of a fellow much older than myself.”
“Perhaps if you had waited at the rendezvous like you had been told to do, this would not have happened,” she snapped back at him in a lilting French accent.
“I don’t believe I have introduced myself to you properly, Lieutenant. I am Doctor John Watson, retired assistant surgeon for Her Majesty’s Army. I have heard how Thomas referred to you, but perhaps it is best that you announce yourself,” I spoke, offering the brooding man my kindest air along with a hand to shake.
“Of course not, Mr. Silver,” I interjected between bites of bacon. “I was quite intrigued by your tales, I assure you.”
“Oh, I know that very well Mrs. Barlow, and she herself reminds me of it every day, I must say. And you Sir must be none other than Dr. John Watson, famed biographer!” I nodded and shook his hand in confirmation. It did not escape my notice that he seemed to know all our names before we had said them. “Your stories are quite popular across the pond as well, you know.”
There was no need for interpretation of the next part of the conversation, however. Even though Holmes and I were sitting a considerable distance from the bar, the next words from the officer’s mouth were loud enough even for us—and, I would assume, a good part of the rest of the customers in the Red Lion—to hear without straining too hard.
And then, my friend, I knew that the gentleman’s mind was quite sharp enough—if he could remember his reading, then there was no way that his mental disposition was anything but sound. I confirmed his suspicions and then Hamilton said the following, which I will attempt to present to you as truthfully as I can:
“I am aware that violence and darkness cannot be helped in sensitive circumstances such as these. Despite this, I have seen the effects of violence and darkness on him. It changes him, John, into a man that I barely recognise. I do not want this of him. I do not—” She took a deep breath. “I believe Thomas would not want this of him either. So I beg of you, if there is any way at all to spare him from the darkness, to stay his hand from killing Alfred Hamilton, I beg you to look for it.”
Mary squeezed my shoulders and pulled back to meet my eyes. “You deserve just as much,” she said, her voice careful and kind. The implication behind her words stung my heart, but I could not let myself ruminate on it, not now of all times. Mary took a deep breath. “Do you think you will find him, John? Thomas, I mean. Do you truly believe he may be alive?”
“On the day we received that letter, the one informing us of Thomas’ death, I could not stand the feeling of being in my own skin. I desperately wanted to forget it all, to become someone else, to die a death in all ways but physical. So, I went to the first molly house I could find, I threw money at the first man I saw and took him into a room.” James swallowed. “That man took one look at me and he produced a bottle of rum. ‘You do not need to fuck,’ he told me. ‘You need to drink and talk.’ So drink and talk I did, all through the night. That man was John Silver.” James’ mouth curled, whether in a scowl or in a smile I struggled to say. “Then, in the morning, I found that he had pickpocketed me out of a trading route for the next shipment of cotton I was planning to disrupt.”
A muscle twitched under James’ eye at Thomas’ name spoken so freely in the room. I knew that he had known—had hoped—that this would be true, however anxiety still remained in the hard line of his shoulders for reasons I could not comprehend.
“We have yet to uncover who that someone may be, but the list of options is rather slim,” Jack explained. “
“One of us ought’a keep watch,” Anne Bonny spoke for the first time since she had entered the room. “I’ll stay here.”
I had no idea what funds Holmes spoke of in that moment, nor how he managed to uncover the location of them. I doubted that anyone in that room knew, save himself. And yet, every eye in the place was on him, hanging onto his every word.
“What the hell?” Silver spoke up first, rising slower than James, but with the same urgency. Holmes peered toward the door, and did not wait long before rushing out to explore the source of the noise. The four of us barreled down the stairs as more shouts and cries became audible to us.
At his words, the three men who were hovering around froze and turned to look at my friend as one. Their hands went to the impressive guns hanging off their belts. Silver also seemed shocked, however Miss Scott raised a hand at her men in a definitive gesture.
As I did so, James followed me with his bright gaze. The silence between us weighed heavy and uncomfortable as I had made no comment in reply to his statement. “Thomas knew,” he said, finally. “He told me, that day when I went to see him after being in Holmes’ rooms. He was so utterly convinced of it, I could not disbelieve him.” James shook his head and laughed at the memory. “I know how you must feel, right now. I— felt much the same, many years ago. Uncertain. Afraid. Ashamed. But then, I met Thomas and I thought— I thought, how could it be wrong if a man such as he wanted the same? How could it be sinful? How could it be a crime? Every day in which I looked upon his face, my resolve crumbled. There is nothing to be afraid of. It is— liberating, once you let go of this fear. It opens your heart to affection you may not have seen before.”
The courtroom gallery buzzed with life as the final witnesses took the stand, especially after the strong accusations the defense made toward the prosecution just one day prior. There were no women present
“Ah, John, dearest,” she greeted, standing to kiss my cheek. I returned the gesture in kind. “Lovely for you to come, I know it was rather late notice. I hope I did not interrupt your work with Holmes at all?”
“I suppose that makes sense,” Sherlock responds before noticing the tone of his last statement. “Forgive my intruding, Thomas, but has something shifted in your feelings toward James?”
off me, damn you!” Jack Rackham’s now familiar, higher pitched voice shouted across the dining hall. “You are positively
welcome to the start of our two week long intermission! the intermission is entirely epistolary in nature, and i hope you all enjoy it!
I was not the only one with this knowledge; James seemed to be nearly aflame with the power of his rage beside me.
The look in Lieutenant McGraw’s green eyes was sharp and discerning, his mouth curled in a barely concealed scowl. He did not return my gesture of kindness. “These salons may be an opportunity for you to rub shoulders with the bourgeoisie and seek for ways to feed the neverending London rumour mill, Doctor Watson, but I assure you I have little interest in either of these things. You know very well who I am, just as I know very well who you and your companion are. I am advising Lord Hamilton on an important political venture; I would be happy to discuss this work with you, however I doubt there is much else we could talk about.”
It took me a while to see who it was that he was addressing, for the figure with the two blood-covered cutlasses in hand had now moved, quick as a shadow, to jam one in the head of Silver’s attacker. It was a woman, fire-haired and whip-thin, who moved with fluid, certain movements, as if she had been born with a weapon in her hand.
“Stay his hand?” I could not help the incredulous huff that left me. “Miranda, the man is so deeply entrenched in his ways that I fear even the smallest attempt to dissuade him would result with my head cut off my shoulders.”
For a moment, silence settled over us, during which Holmes examined each of our new companions with his inquisitive gaze. He and Madi locked eyes across the table and some minute battle of wits occurred between them, something incomprehensible to the both of us. Madi raised an eyebrow; Holmes gave a wry smile in return.
“James would never hurt you,” Miranda replied, resolute. “You mean more to him than he shows. And believe me, I know. When I made this request to him it was— insincere. I want nothing more than to put the noose around Alfred Hamilton’s neck, then pull the lever with my own two hands.” Something dark and dangerous flew over her face but was then gone. “John. If there is a chance in this endeavour, if there is hope for us to save Thomas— this will be a task greater than any of us have ever attempted before.  I do not want James to enter it with a more violent mind than is necessary. I fear that, in doing so, the result will only cause him more pain afterward if— if the result is not what we wish it to be. I know you intend to join him tonight, John, and I ask that you do what I cannot.”
The change in Sherlock had happened almost overnight. He had been scratching unpleasantly at his violin for several hours, a scowl set onto his pristine features. Finally John couldn't take the noise anymore, snapping at him and stomping off to his room. Albeit childish, but it seemed to work. Sherlock stopped, then locked himself in his room for a day or two, only emerging for the toilet. One day he was laid on the sofa before John woke up, stuck in his mind palace and numb to the world. Not even the cold cases John had begged Lestrade for seemed to get to him. John shaved around everything but his moustache, considering keeping it for a brief second, before grimacing and continuing his shave. When he was finished, he washed his face, then leaned against the sink, staring at the water going down the drain.
“I apologize. I know that this is something you probably value, I didn’t mean to shit all over it.” John smiled.
"But I wasn't high when I met you." He was quick to reassure. John bit his lip and nodded. They both looked down to their laps. It was beyond awkward, Sherlock was regretting his decision of telling John, because what was he trying to gain? It's not like he was wanting to be stopped, it wasn't a cry for help. He wasn't that mediocre and pathetically predictable. He just felt like John should know. After all, they'd become fast friends. And friends deserved to know the worst about each other.
, but you know how I love to be the center of attention.” He steepled his fingers under his chin and bat his eyelashes at her. Mycroft kicked him in the shin from under the table and Sherlock let out a hiss and glared at him.
“You went out with a man tonight.” Sherlock said after a sharp breath, tasting the fragrance of a seperate musk than John’s, confirming his deduction. John’s eyes went wide, and he let out a surprised chuckle. His hand fell from Sherlock’s shoulder, making him shiver from the loss of warmth.
“With that attitude, we could have just stayed in bed like I wanted to.” Sherlock pouted. John gave him a look that made him shrink a few inches and a small gush of fluid drip out of his pussy.
"Sherlock I don't have any money for this, I can just eat when we get back." He tried. But the other boy was determined.
"Sorry, what?" John asked. Most people didn't start a conversation at the mention of a hard drug, but then again, this boy wasn't exactly normal.
“Figures.” He muttered, standing right next to Sherlock’s chair, practically bending over him to grab his mug. Sherlock got a delightful eye full of John’s bulge in his shorts, there was a slight natural musk to John that washed over him as the older man leaned in so close. Sherlock added another finger, trying not to move them too fast, or else he might make a squelching noise, which John would hear. Sherlock wanted him to hear, hear how wet he was for him. He wanted John to grab his knees and force his legs apart, so that he would watch Sherlock touch himself, just for him. Sherlock took a deep breath as John moved back towards the sink to finish the dishes. He used the cover of the sink turning on to relentlessly ram his fingers into his drooling slit, tugging furiously at his cock. He imagined John rubbing his cock through his pants, urging Sherlock on while he watched. Teasing Sherlock with the prospect of getting a proper fucking. John would tease him until his own cock was leaking pre-cum and he couldn’t hold back anymore, yanking down his pants and taking Sherlock with the feral passion he’d seen John exhibit so many times on cases. Sherlock bit his lip and held his breath as he came hard. He swore he heard a dribble of his cum splash on the floor, but it could have been the sink. Sherlock shook slightly in the aftershocks, his hole pulsing around his now still fingers. His foggy mind picturing what it would feel like to cum on John’s long, thick cock, milking John’s own orgasm into his unused womb. Sherlock’s eyes widened at the jolt that ran through his body at the thought, his orgasm flooding over his fingers. He shook himself out of his fantasies, realizing John was done with the dishes. He pulled his waistband back up, his underwear becoming slick with his cum, and after a brief glance, he confirmed there was now a huge wet spot on the back of his dressing gown. He couldn’t be bothered.
Sherlock obliged and kept his lips over his teeth and John thrust in deeper, nudging his soft palate. John slowly eased himself into Sherlock’s throat, spending long minutes slowly fucking his mouth before pushing deeper. John was so gentle with him, but the grip in his hair told him that John’s restraint was waning. He couldn’t wait for it to snap. Sherlock was comfortably taking him just as deep as he was the night before. He figured out how to time his breath with John’s thrusts, which were picking up pace as he pressed deeper. Sherlock gagged slightly and John pressed him down into it, cock leaking fluid down his throat and making him gag harder. But Sherlock wouldn't let himself be easily deterred. He let John gag him until he was dizzy, his eyes rolled back into his head and tears beginning to brim, before he tapped for a break. John let him pull off and catch his breath.
“Well, my house is empty until about eight on Sundays, wanna go there?” Sherlock consented. They walked at a slow pace to John’s house. It was only four o’clock, there was no need to rush. They talked about the types of exhibits they saw, and Sherlock deduced what the ladies with the weiner dogs a few yards ahead of them were gossiping about.
"Did you… do anything today?" John asked after a few stale seconds had passed. Sherlock shook his head.
“Cucumbers.” He responded quietly, not trusting his voice for much more than that while he fingered himself. He abandoned his soup mug and let his other hand sneak down to tug at his cock. He leaned forward on his legs, and from John’s angle, it would look like he had a very loose hold around his legs, though he ached to spread his legs open for John to see. Images of what John would do if he found Sherlock playing with himself at the table flashed through his mind, fogging it over.
“Yeah, well, we’ll just be going upstairs, mum.” John tried to shoo Sherlock to the stairs, but he was grabbed roughly on the arm.
“Wait, so, you’re..?” John looked dumbfounded, but Sherlock just hummed a response. John blew out a breath and sat back against the booth. He thought for a few seconds then frowned. “Wait, what do you mean ‘mine hasn’t been the least bit of kind?’” Sherlock sighed, giving John a look.
"No, it's fine, really." John assured. "It was good to actually tell someone. Even Harry didn't really talk to me. She was too busy with herself to care I guess. It's nice to talk to someone..." Sherlock gave a sort of grimacing smile.
"Of course I'm serious." His voice was tight. He walked over to a park bench a few feet away and sat on the edge of it. Hunched. John cautiously walked over and sat next to him.
“Because when I’m high I’m not bored, but my mind is quiet. I can think more clearly, and... “ John looked up at him.
He shut and locked the door behind him, barely making it to his bed before his face twisted up and he started sobbing.
Sherlock flexed his hands and sighed. He was just getting ready to come down from the extra rush that little spat had given him, when the chain on his coat sleeve was tugged roughly, he was being pulled out of the train in the opposite direction from where the bullies had scampered off. He whipped around, trying to see who was pulling him, but he turned too fast and his head spun, causing him to trip face first off the train and into the person. Which just so happened to be the boy who caused him to fight in the first place. There was a quiet curse from the boy as he caught himself on his hands to avoid crushing his guitar, scraping them. He turned to look at Sherlock briefly before sitting up.
“John my boy, I’m old, not prude. I know what piss means!” The whole table was shocked for about two seconds, before the three Holmes men burst into laughter followed by several staff members. Lydia’s face turned an ugly purple with how strained she was to keep the pleasant smile on her face, though it more looked like a tight line than a smile now. John turned beet red and looked down at his plate, laughing slightly. It was odd to see Mycroft laughing so heartily, even in the brief time John had known him, he’s gotten the inkling that Mycroft was a very serious man. After the laughter died down, everyone began to chatter amongst themselves again, but Mycroft directed his attention towards John.
"Cocaine." Sherlock said. He had been wanting to answer John's question ever since he's asked it earlier in the day.
“Wait- Did you- Have you- Have you fantasized about me before?” John asked. Sherlock dropped his fork and wrapped his arms around his knees, planting his forehead into them and groaning, ears pink. John grinned widely at him. “You so have. Sherlock, you dirty bird.” He nudged Sherlock’s foot under the table with his own. Sherlock just groaned again.
“Jane! You’re punk boyfriend is here!” Harry yelled from downstairs. John was already bounding down the steps, barely even stopping to put his shoes on.
“The blue one.” He muttered, looking at the belts in Sherlock’s hands. The boy looked up at him quizzically. “It will compliment your eyes.” He explained, taking the silver studded one out of the other boys hands. Sherlock rolled his eyes at him, but silently agreed and put the belt on.
“I want to know what filthy thoughts run through that brilliant brain of yours. Right now that’s more appetizing that toast.” John challenged gruffly, giving his cock another squeeze. Sherlock noticed the movement of his arm and let out a small moan.
But seriously ya'll are so patient. I just went through a really big change in my life and it took a lot of time to adjust. But I'm finally writing again! God I've missed it. I'm also on Testosterone now :3 That's been a huge boost in my mood. Thank me being home sick with leg pains for this chapter ^~^
“Admit it, you couldn’t care less about how they carry the force of over 6 metric tons, you just like them because they’re fuzzy!” Sherlock exclaimed.  John pouted.
“My, that's a fine profession. My Arty was a doctor. A pediatrician. He loved helping children and their families. Why is it you want to be a doctor, dear?”
“I think about how you would touch me. Sometimes soft and inquisitive, explorative, with quiet words and slow strokes of your fingers. But most of the time its rougher. I think about you punishing me for following you to the park toilets, watching you, not being able to stop myself from mastubaring in broad daylight to the scene.”
John left the house at 10 when he was done with his shower. The museum wasn’t very far away, but he prefered the walk through the park instead of the city streets, which added an extra mile or so. John walked peacefully, lost in thought. He tried not to think too much about what was going to happen today. It filled him with anxiety, but alas, his mind wandered to the subject of Sherlock and there wasn’t much he could do about it.
It looked the same, none of the strings were broken but the bridge was snapped clean off. He wasn’t even sure if this was fixable and it filled him with despair. He pulled the mess out of the case and mourned it for a few moments. He’d never really been much of a musician, but something about the sounds he could pull from the strings was calming to him. He wasn’t too fond of singing, and couldn’t read music, but he enjoyed making up his own pieces. They were never the same, but the tones, keys, and tempos all reflected on how he was feeling. It was a coping mechanism. It was better than self harm.
After they finished their drinks, Sherlock asked for his phone. They exchanged numbers and Sherlock disappeared down the street with a flourish of his coat and a jingle of the silver chains. John just stood and watched after him for a few moments, mesmerized. He was so bizarre, and at first glance, he looked like a murderous psychopath, but his eyes were so beautiful and pained. His hands were cautious and gentle, but rough from wear. And damn it all, John needed a friend. He needed someone who understood his pain without prejudice, someone who didn’t think he was being petty, who knew his self loathing lied further than typical teenaged vanity. And Sherlock was right. About everything.
John pushed his cock head past the tight, soft ring of Sherlock’s lips and he met it with his warm tongue. Sherlock let him thrust the tip in and out of his mouth, keeping a soft suction and laving at the leaking tip with all of the moves he learned the night prior. John was moaning and pulling at his hair within minutes.
“I was offered a special home study program. I caused too much trouble for the teachers to want to handle me, but my parents pay them handsomely for a good education for my brother and I. Even though he’s graduated, he’s still on the school committee.” Sherlock responded. John raised a brow.
“Yeah?” he asked, brushing Sherlock’s hair out of his face and behind his ear, letting his fingers trace the outer shell of it. Sherlock nuzzled into his thigh, bringing up his hand to rest on the leg as well.
“Yeah, well, with that horrid case behind us, I figured we could use a little treat.” He’d made them grilled cheese with tomato soup, even sprinkled a little dried parsley over the top. Sherlock sat down, pulling his feet up onto his chair, hugging his knees to his chest.
“Merry Christmas, John.” He murmured, just a hair's breadth away, warm air ghosting over John’s lips, startling him to let go of the breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding. He leaned forward and pressed his lips against Sherlock's in a more firm kiss, eyes slipping closed naturally. The hand that was still on his jaw moved to the back of his neck and Sherlock’s long fingers slid into his hair. John brought his own hand up to Sherlock’s chest, then it slowly made its way up to his shoulder. Sherlock shivered under John’s probing fingers that were stroking their way up his collarbone, and deepened the kiss. Within a few minutes John was on his back with both of his hands tangled in Sherlock’s hair, who was crouched over him cradling the back of his head. Sherlocks tongue swiped gently along John’s bottom lip and he arched his chest into Sherlock’s and moaned, digging his fingers into the dark curls they were buried in. The sound reverberated down Sherlock’s thin body and throbbed through his lower regions. He gasped and pulled back a few inches, panting to catch is breath. Beneath him, John’s black dyed hair was a ruffled mess from wandering fingers, and his face was tinged raspberry.
“It’s.. the case. I feel like I missed something.” he lied. He hadn’t missed anything, it was a fairly straightforward case. Man kidnaps girl, kills her, harvests her organs, eats them, isn't careful. And now he’s in jail, but he wanted to play on John’s concern, seeing if it could keep him focused away from Sherlock’s experiment.
“Oh.” He said softly. “That’s fine, John. I just didn’t think about that.” John nodded, still looking into his lap. Sherlock cleared his throat.
“Actually um, I have a request as well.” John glanced up at him and nodded. “Please, what ever situation we’re in, just don’t call me anything feminine.” John smiled softly.
Sherlock’s hand was on his jaw again, fingers pressed just below his earlobe, tilting John’s face up towards his. John leaned forward to meet Sherlock in the middle for a chaste peck. They both sat still for a few minutes, thinking.
Dinner wasn’t… tense, perse. There was mild chatter from Mycroft and his father, Siegfried, about the current political climate. Sherlocks mother, Lydia, talked excitedly with the important staff that were invited to the dinner. But you could feel the tension at the table. No one wanted to address either boy, and for a while it seemed no one would talk to them for the entirety of it, but the chief maid, who also happened to be Lydia’s right hand lady, addressed John after the main course was almost finished.
A few hours later, Sherlock finished documenting his experiments and getting them ready for the next day. He rubbed his eyes blearily before discarding his tshirt and jeans in the pile of laundry in the corner. Climbing up the ladder into his room was a task, his eyes were so droopy. He barely remembered to take his binder off before crawling into his bed, which just so happened to have a very warm and snugly John inside of it. Sherlock curled up around his back and wrapped his arms around him. John made a few indistinct words, shifting a bit, before he settled down in Sherlock’s arms, and both boys drifted off to sleep.
“Of course he talks. My family has very important government ties, it's in his training to be discreet. That includes making himself scarce.” He explained.
“You have a good point.” John laughed.They started walking up the front steps, which were cleared of snow and ice, John noticed. The door was opened by a lady dressed head to toe in a red velvet dress, the collar lined with white feathers and sequins. Her makeup was flawless and her hair was done up so elegantly, John swore he’d seen her in a magazine. And if not, she definitely belonged in one.
He settled into his covers, curling up around one of his pillows, pulling it to his chest and burying his face in it. He counted his breaths until he drifted off. Not for the first time, he dreamed of Sherlock. The image of Sherlock sprawled out on the sofa filled his mind. He saw how Sherlock had looked before he left, clad in his stained pjs and dressing gown, the white t-shirt riding up ever so slightly, exposing his sharp hip bones and a light trail of dark hair. His arms above his head, staring out the window, with one knee cocked up against the back cushion. In his dream, he slowly stretched out a hand and brushed his fingers over the exposed skin. Sherlock made a noise, but didn’t stir, other than a languid stretch. John palmed one of his sharp hip bones, then pushed up under his shirt, feeling the ribs under soft skin. Sherlock’s eyes opened lazily, gazing at John with sleepy interest as a thumb brushed over his nipple. In his dreams, they never went very far, which was an ease on John’s consciousness. Most of the time they never even kissed, but somehow they would end up entangled together on the sofa, or Sherlock would crawl into John’s lap and rest his head on his shoulder. Tonights dream was like that, Sherlock extended an arm to John, who took it and was pulled down onto the sofa. The last part of the dream, Sherlock was tucked against his side, forehead buried into his neck, while John’s arms encircled him.
“Good. Fucking. Boy.” John grunted and pressed his cock seemingly impossibly deep, and it was forced out by a wave of puke. John didn’t let him recover before pushing his cock all the way back down and marveling as he felt Sherlock’s mucky chin on his balls. Sherlock panicked slightly when he opened his eyes and saw how close the base of John’s dick was to his lips. Even though he could taste his own bile on John’s flesh, he worked his tongue against the underside of his shaft. He let John fuck his throat for a few minutes, pulling all the way out before shoving it back in. Sherlock took it, coughing up throat slime and what little food was left in his stomach over his massive cock. Finally, John cursed and pushed the last few centimeters down, and came. Sherlock puked out of his nose and really couldn't breathe, but John was cumming, and he could take it. He would take it. And he did. John’s cock reached new depths and he brutally fucked Sherlock’s throat through his orgasm, loving the desperate and scared noised the younger man made as he suffocated on vomit and gagged on his prick. When John finally yanked his cock out of Sherlock’s throat, the man couldn’t stop retching. He broke his pose and spewed all over John’s cock, himself, and the floor. He spent several minutes with his eyes closed, gasping and catching his breath. When he came back to himself, John was wiping off his face with a napkin and petting his hair, speaking low soothing words, his puked on briefs laying in the puddle.
“I don’t see why, it's not like I don’t know what you look like underneath your clothes. It’s basic biology, just a transport for your brain. People's views on sex and sexuality is too intolerant, they’re so preoccupied trying to keep teenagers from having sex, and keeping children innocent, that they fail to actually teach them important things. Like how to not be an imbecile, but I guess they can’t teach what they don’t know.”
“Is everything okay?” John looked up startled to find Sherlock staring at him. He cleared his throat and nodded.
for you.” he spat the word out like it was acid on his tongue. John shook his head at the ridiculous man across from him, and took a bite of his toast.
“Anyway! Were here.” They stood at the steps to John’s house. There were no cars in  the driveway and all the lights were off, so John deemed it safe enough to go in. He ushered the taller boy inside and then toed off his shoes, yawning and stretching, going straight upstairs. Sherlock followed suit. They reached John’s room. Sherlock remembered it from the first time he was in here, the day before. John had picked up some of the laundry and thrown it towards the hamper in the corner. Some of it missed and was on the floor next to it. Who was Sherlock to judge? Half of his room was made up of laundry. He planted himself in the office chair again and spun around. John laid on his stomach on the bed, facing Sherlock, his head propped out on his hands.
“Oh look who it is, guys!” Sherlock looked up to see a gaggle of teenagers sneering in the boy’s direction. But the boy didn’t look up, he had music blaring in his ears.
"Then why did you tell me?" John demanded. His voice got high and squeaky when he was upset, and Sherlock watched his body language completely change. He recognized the flash of dysphoria that tore through him. He'd felt that way about his own voice before. Sherlock took a deep breath, fighting the urge to just give up. It was bound to end up badly anyway.
“Christ Sherlock! Don’t you know not to barge into people’s rooms without knocking‽” John was breathing hard, that scared the hell out of him.
“How are we?” John asked, letting Sherlock up after a few more minutes of retching on half of John’s length.
“Um, right… Listen, Sherlock, do you think you could, I don’t know, go wait in the living room or something? I need to get changed and, well…” John scratched at the back of his head. Sherlock looked at him incomprehensibly, then promptly nodded and walked out of the room. Most certainly not wobbling from spinning in the chair.
"Yes, I'm taking my A levels right now." Sherlock searched him and pouted, seeing everything he'd missed, working himself into a mini sulk."
“Don’t stop.” John moaned, trying to pull him back down. Sherlock went eagerly but ended up slipping off the end of the bed, which both of them were dangling off of. John giggled and sat up on his elbows to see a ruffled head of curls pop up with a playful scowl underneath.
“Oh come off it, I said I was sorry.” He giggled a tiny bit before sobering up. “No, he’s just an arse is all. Mum doesn’t care about piercings and tattoos and what not, just, you know, gay stuff. My dad is pretty conservative about everything. Kind of sexist too. He doesn’t think I should be friends with boys because he thinks that's why I’m trans.” Sherlock grimaced.
“Have a safe trip home.” he said, releasing his hold around the other boy. Sherlock gave him a surprised look and nodded.
“We-well, I mean. Certainly not in the fullest aspect, but eventually… Of course.” Both of them were blushing like mad and refusing to meet each other's eyes. John was the first to break the silence.
"Glad to be of service." The waiter ended up getting their meals to them a few seconds after their little conversation, and just as Sherlock predicted, complementary brownies with pecans (Sherlock cursed himself for it) were brought to them after Sherlock paid the bill. Lunch had been pleasant, they talked easily, and even had a few giggling fits. It left John feeling like something good was finally about to happen.
“At least he’s nice to you.” Sherlock tried to bite back a smile, but it just came out looking like a lopsided twitch.
"There’s something we need to talk about." John blurted. Sherlock tensed. it was irrational, there was no way John new about that.
“It’s nice that it's closed off a bit. That way when people come in they don’t catch you in your knickers.” John laughed. The loft was only about 6 feet off the main floor, so it wasn't too bad of a climb. When they reached the top, Sherlock pulled a curtain closed behind them. It was a moderate space with a full bed in the middle. To the right there was an open closet area that just had shelves and hanger bars that were filled to the brim with dark clothing and various pairs of shoes. There were shelves of odd knick knacks, and what John hoped to god wasn’t a real human skull, sitting on the bedside table next to a glass of half drank water and a book, like it was the most normal thing in the world. Sherlock plopped down on the bed and sprawled back with his arms out, groaning.
“No, it's my Christmas present. Mycroft needed it.” He shot a smirk over his shoulder before crawling across the back seat and leaving the door open for John. John laughed and climbed into the car after him. There was a man in a black cap at the wheel, he greeted John with a nod and a smile in the rearview mirror, then looked to Sherlock.
John woke up to a pounding at his bedroom door. He groaned and rolled over to place his pillow over his head.
John woke to his alarm at 9 am and fumbled underneath his pillow for it. It had been a long night. He eventually fell asleep around 4 am, texting with Sherlock the last hour or so. The boy seemed to never sleep. They discussed their plans for the museum, John thought it would be best to wait until the house was empty before he left, so they agreed to meet at the museum around 11. John rubbed his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose. His head hurt from crying all night and he was sure he looked like hell. His dinner plate was untouched and cold on his night stand. Sighing quietly he glanced over to his guitar, it was still broken, so there was no hope in playing it any time soon. He thought quickly to where the hot glue gun was kept in his house, but he wasn’t sure of he’d even have any glue to use. He got out of bed and walked over to his guitar. Opening the case and wincing.
John pulls his cock out of his pants and Sherlock can see the leaking tip peeking over the top of the table. Sherlock in turn spreads his legs a bit, even though John can’t see him over the table. But spreading his legs for John makes the scene just that more erotic.
They went in and sat in a booth near the back, the barista gave them a look, Sherlock wasn’t quite sure what it meant until the boy across from him grumbled something that sounded suspiciously like “not my date.” They sat at the booth in silence after the barista came and took their orders. She was a friendly Italian girl with a large frame named Angela, And when she brought their drinks out, she had given them a free brownie with a caramel heart piped on the side. The boy across from him blushed and said “he’s not my date,” for a second time. They sipped their respective drinks in silence.
“Oh come off it, you’re not the only one.” John tells him with a blush of his own. At first, Sherlock is a bit miffed that John would be so cocky about other people fantasizing about him, but then he remembered the size and girth of John’s massive fucking cock, and he understands. But then.. That’s not what he meant, judging by his shy expression and the way he avoided eye contact.
“Brilliant.” John breathed. Sherlock’s eyes snapped up to his face, taking in the look of awe without comprehension.
Inside, John’s mother was snoring away on the couch so she wouldn’t be a bother. John almost didn't want him to go. Having a friend who wasn't judgmental was a relief. He didn’t have to walk on eggshells around the eccentric youth. He could just be himself, and that was refreshing. They paused at the front door, John's hand on the knob. Sherlock’s hand went on his shoulder.
“What's that all about?” John asked, sitting on the corner of the bed next to his friend. Sherlock just shook his head.
John turned away, not really sure what his plan was, just to not let his father see him cry. He just started walking. Whether his father was just so shocked of how he responded, or what, John didn't care. All that mattered was he didn't follow. Just before he reached his room, Harry was walking down for dinner. John was sure his face was streaked with tears by now, but he kept his face as neutral as he could and ignored her.
But far from dull and boring. It smelled like John, it looked like John. This was where John was created. Sherlock inhaled and pulled the desk chair out of its nook, managing to sit cross-legged on it, despite his lanky limbs. Today he sported a dark purple beanie(or maroon, it was too dark for John to tell from a distance) along with several facial piercings he hadn’t noticed the day prior. A small ring in his left brow, two balls on either side of the bridge of his nose, a simple silver ring on his right nostril, two similar rings on the left side of his bottom lip, and his ears had more than John could count. His left ear had silver rings all the way up to a bar through the top, whereas the right only had a chain connecting from a second hole to a cartilage piercing. Small gauges were in both, one had the image of a bee, and the other a magnifying glass. He was breathtaking. Sherlock must have noticed him staring.
Sherlock gave another pleased hum and sank deeper into the water. John mopped up the kitchen and got changed into some pyjamas, pulling out a pair of soft plaid pants and a big t-shirt for Sherlock. He walked back down to the bathroom after a half an hour had passed, Sherlock was dozing in the tub. He gently roused him and got him dried off before dressing him in the comfy clothes he’d gotten out. The two of them curled up on the sofa and watched a movie. John gathered them several things to snack on and a pitcher of water for them. They spent the rest of the day lounging and watching films, cuddling and sharing long intimate kisses, hands never still.
“I-erm, yeah. This is Sherlock, mum. Sherlock, this is my mum.” His mother stumbled to stand from the couch. The two boys took a few steps backwards until they were flush with the patio door, but that didn't stop John's mum from wandering over to them, placing her hand on Sherlock’s chest.
Dressed in a loose jumper and jim jam bottoms, John wandered down stairs to see Harry and Sherlock having a staring match in the living room. Well, Harry was staring at him, while he was taking in the (rather bland) decor of the room. He cleared his throat, making Harry look over to him.
“Sherlock~” She purred. “My thats a wonderful name. Very exotic.” She was practically on top of him. John flushed in embarrassment. He’d forgotten to tell Sherlock how utterly desperate his mother was, however he probably deduced it the moment they stepped in the door.
“No, don’t worry about it. It was a cheap guitar any way. It was already coming loose, it was only a matter of time.” But the tone in his voice said otherwise. Sherlock gave in for now, but he was going to slip him the money some how. Later, though, now he needed to help John with his hands.
“Sorry, a lot has been going on lately, and you’re right. My sister doesn’t ask me what I would like for dinner, let alone how I’m feeling. It’s just kind of nice to have someone get it without all that explaining, and then the fear of being judged is gone.” He shrugged his shoulders and looked down at the table again.
“It’s not a bad word, Sherl’. Not like you’re chaste anyways, if last night was anything to go by.” He looked back to his plate with a smirk, cutting up the sausage on his plate into small bites. Sherlock blushed and kicked John softly under the table. They eat quietly for a few moments before it dawned on John what Sherlock had inadvertently admitted to.
He found a small compartment under the neck support of the case. He only found the plaster box, an inhaler, and a roll of compression bandages, but after opening the box he found the others inside. He scowled at the bandages.
“Uh, Sherlock, I have to tell you something too.” John said quietly, stopping just before the front steps. Sherlock looked down at him in understanding, but John was already taking a breath to explain.
"I was expecting her to be straight, or at least mildly preppy. I'm severly dissapointed in myself. Normally its only a small thing I miss." Sherlock muttered from the sofa. John nodded, not really understanding, but he figured it had something to do with that "deducing" thing he did. He walked over to the sofa and sat on the edge of the cushion, tense.
“Mike, can I borrow your phone? There is no signal on mine.” A rich baritone voice asked, coming from the man working off to the side of the lab. Mike gave the man the most confused look. John would bet that Mike had forgotten about cellular phones.
“As I said, these suicides are clearly linked. Um, it’s an unusual situation but our best people are investigating it.” Lestrade barely had a chance to finish his statement before Sherlock send out ‘Wrong!’ again to the reporters. His best person was sitting at home.
"How can you possibly think this is bull, Mels? Coffee is a muggle drink and should be left to the muggles. Now, tea! Tea is a proper magical drink. All it's ingredients, made by wizards, for wizards."
“A bit of trouble too, I bet.” Sherlock watched John’s face closely, waiting for the key to achieving his assistance.
Harry knew he needed to direct them if he was going to get this done. "Moriarty, Mills." Both heads snap his way. Gone were the playful expressions, eyes now watchful. Harry dropped the case file on Mills' desk. "I need this to resolved carefully. No mistakes. The Minster herself is expecting results." Harry turned on his heel once Mills had picked up the file.
“Of course, yes. Enough for a lifetime, far too much” John replied, the words coming out practiced, used to saying what was wanted to be heard about the war and the conflicts.
Harry Potter stood in the doorway, watching this debate go back and forth. He supposed this is what he should of expected putting these two together.
“Which was it, Afghanistan or Iraq?” This strange man inquired. John looked at Mike who smiled in amusement.
“Damn my leg!” John shouted angrily, causing her to jump. “Sorry, I’m so sorry. It’s just sometimes this bloody thing.” Dr. Watson pretends it was his leg, and not the impeding anger he felt, that caused his outburst.
The man avoided answering the question. “I got my eye on a nice, little place in central London. Together, we should be able to afford it. We’ll meet there tomorrow at seven o’clock. Sorry, got to dash. I need to pick up my riding crop from the mortuary.” He headed quickly for the door.
“Yea, like that’s going to happen.” Harry was quite busy with her own mistakes at the moment, including her divorce from Clara, the lead singer of Mystique, a recently popular wizarding band. It was all quite a scandal according to the Daily Prophet.
“Look at him, dashing about. My husband was just the same, but you’re more the sitting down type, I can tell.” John stared at his hand, trying to control the temper just under the surface. “I’ll make you that cuppa, you rest your leg.” Mrs. Hudson stated, cheerily heading downstairs.
“Oh, don’t worry. There all sorts around here. Mrs. Turner, next door has got married ones.” Yes, she thought that they were a couple. Before he could correct the mistake, Mrs. Hudson moved into the kitchen. “Oh, Sherlock, look at the mess you’ve made.” Mrs. Hudson called. Dr. Watson was fairly certain he was not ready to face the kitchen yet.
“We don’t know a thing about each other. I don’t know where we are meeting. I don’t even know your name.” John challenged.
Before John could inquire further into the mystery of the skull, Mrs. Hudson appeared from the stairwell.  “Well, what do you think then, Dr. Watson?” She questioned, setting some linens upon the couch. “There’s another bedroom upstairs if you’ll be needing two bedrooms.” A little smile spread across her lips, her eyes twinkling with mischief.
Walking into the laboratory, John noticed the high-tech equipment lining the walls and tables. “Oh, bit different from my day.” John stated, remembering the lab from his muggle medical training.
"Yes, yes, of course. Sherlock Holmes you say? I think have heard the name before. He's that genius muggle detective, right?"
As if sensing the sudden tension in the room, Mrs. Hudson came fluttering back in holding today’s newspaper aloft. “What about these suicides then, Sherlock? That would be right up your street. Three, exactly the same!” She looked up at Sherlock, expectantly.
“Yes, but if they are murders how do people keep themselves safe?” the woman reporter insisted. She wasn’t going to take the bull crap that the detectives were trying to feed the media.
John settled in, reading the newspaper Mrs. Hudson left behind. From nowhere, Sherlock spoke “You’re a doctor. In fact, you’re an army doctor.” He stood in the doorway, staring at John.
“Possible suicides, four of them, why sit at home when there is finally something fun going on?” He kissed her cheek, his eyes shining with excitement.
"And how is coffee different than any of the other food we get from muggles? Short of what is grown for potions, almost all of our food comes from muggles. Coffee is a beverage worthy of wizards just like eggs and toast."
“Mike. Mike Stanford.” He stated upon seeing the confused expression on John’s face. “We were in the same year at Hogwarts.” John remembered a mousey-haired, rail-thin Ravenclaw from his Muggle Studies class by that name. “Yes, hello; Mike, hello” John replied. “Yes, I got fat.” Mike knew exactly what John was thinking. “No” John quickly attempted to save himself from his blunder.
"Potential colleges should know the worst about each other, shouldn't they?" John just stared at him for a few moments.
“Oh bollocks, are you sick? Why didn't you tell me?! Let me go grab some medication from the cupboard.” John trotted off to the bathroom before Sherlock could dispute. He shook his head, standing from his chair and stretching, several bones cracking. He let John pour a shot of cold medicine down his throat and swallow a fever reducer, it would only help him sleep, later. John turned on the telly to some sci-fi show that he liked, sitting at the far end of the sofa. Sherlock wanted the blanket that was draped over the back, so he curled up in the other corner, pulling the afghani over him. Though he was eating regularly, he was still severely underweight for his age and height, which meant he was always so bloody cold. John was right, he can’t just survive on toast, but it was just so hard to eat anything else. John had dragged him to Angelos the other night, and he barely managed to clear a quarter of his spaghetti. John smiled at him in understanding, getting the rest to go and feeding it to Sherlock for lunch over the week. Sherlock was eternally grateful for John. Despite the recent development of his libido, and his thoughts about John being none to platonic, the man was still his best friend. They’d been through so much together. Years of cases and inside jokes, sharing the rush of the game, what they had was something they couldn’t get from anyone else. And after Sherlock dying and getting tortured for three years, and John’s failed marriage and the miscarriage of his daughter, their bond was unbreakable.
“Yeah, everything’s fine. Just a little sore.” He shuffled the blanket back onto his shoulders awkwardly, and glanced at Sherlock’s face. He didn’t look convinced. John rolled his eyes and pulled his knees as close to his chest as he could.
:”You’re important to me.” The statement hung there for a few moments, John’s face was slightly pink and Sherlock kept his gaze glued to the outside.
alone, and take you and your gaggle of morons elsewhere. It would benefit you profoundly if you kept your mouth shut during your departure, and never speak down on anyone who is going through something your tiny nitwit brain can’t accept, ever again.” He shoved the boy against the window one last time, making his head smack with a velocity that would have knocked him out cold if he weren’t running so high on adrenaline, before backing away, letting the boy drop into a terrified slump. He stared up at Sherlock with tears running down his face for five seconds before he scrambled to get up and leave the train.
“I think about you every time I touch myself.” Sherlock admitted, letting his gaze linger on John’s trim chest, it was easier than looking him in the eye.
“Yeah, me too.” He replied. Sherlock extended an arm, but it didn’t look like he was asking for a hand shake, so John wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s waist and gave him a hug.
“Yes, well what do you do for work?” Myrial asked. It seemed like she had made it her personal mission to make John talk at this dinner. The conversation between the father and son has come to a halt and all eyes were fixed on John, awaiting his answer. He swallowed the knot in his throat.
“Same deal as last night, tap me three times if you need a break, we stop any time you need to. And if you don’t want to continue that’s fine too. You’re in control of this, do you understand, Sherlock?” John’s voice was firm but gentle, it made Sherlock feel light headed.
They ended up walking for about ten minutes before John's stomach remembered he hadn't eaten anything yet today, and started protesting loudly. He blushed when Sherlock took a sharp turn, leading them down a street lined with shops and deli's.
John walked in at 5:06 in the morning to Sherlock staring bent necked into the trash can, trembling slightly. He called out in a soft worried tone, but Sherlock didn’t make any notion that he’d heard him. John shrugged off his jacket and toed off his shoes, walking slowly over to Sherlock. He spoke again, a few feet away, but again, Sherlock didn’t acknowledge. John reached out slowly and placed a hand on the man’s shoulder, seeming to push him back into his body. His head snapped over to look at John, who immediately noticed how tired he looked.
“I understand.” he opened the door and made his way towards the ladder, John followed after him. When they got upstairs Sherlock sat on the bed and looked at him.
Sherlock wondered what that meant for the rest of the day. At first he’d thought John meant kissing, but he wasn’t shy about kissing. The cough and the fact that he had a blush to hide meant it was more than just kissing. Sherlock was laying in bed later that night, when it dawned on him. His cheeks flushed, heat running down his sternum and his ribs, all the way to his groin. Sherlock gulped at the sensation, he hadn’t felt anything like that since Uni. He glanced at a specific spot on the floor. Normally he could stand to keep away from what lay underneath, but every now and then his gaze lingered. Sometimes he would stand over the spot, or sit with his hand over it. But eventually he would get up, walk away, roll over and look at the wall, and go to sleep.
"Order whatever you want John." He would get the £15 one, even if it was some weird pasta dish he'd never heard of. "Which means the crab stuffed ravioli, not the pesto and penne." John glared at him.
First, the question of Sherlock's pubic hair. I really like the idea that he's just never paid attention to it because it hadn't occurred to him to groom, I'm stuck between three scenarios on this.
“What do you mean you don’t like holidays. You changed your jewelry and you’re wearing a Christmas shirt. I mean it's quite ghastly, but it still qualifies as Christmas.” Sherlock rubbed his face with his hands dramatically.
“Janey… Oh hello darling. Harry told me you were out all day with a man, she was right.” His mother finished with a wink. Sherlock stiffened next to him, already deciding he disliked this woman.
A knock came on his door and he looked down from his loft where he slept. He waited a minute, the locked handle jiggled slightly, the knock came again. He sighed and climbed down the ladder, marching through the laundry on his floor, and opened the door in just his binder and jeans.
“Yes please.” He whimpered, leaning into the other man’s touch and resting his hands dutifully on his thighs. John hummed and dragged his cock head across his cheek to the man’s plump lips.
“Caught that did you?” His voice was low. “My whole family used to call me Will, even before I told anyone I was trans. It’s short for Willow, which was my first given name. When I came out and told my parents the name I had chosen for myself, William Sherlock Scott Holmes, my father laughed and said: ‘It’s a good thing we already call you Will.’ But then I told them I would be going by Sherlock, and that Will would remind me of being a girl too much and I would rather them not call me that. So of course my mother insisted on calling me Will. Because she knows it hurts me.” John looked at his lap in concern.
“Well, that's enough moping for the day. Are we going to finish this walk or what? That ravioli isn’t going to burn its own calories.” Sherlock grinned at him and took his hand.
“Scoot up.” Sherlock demanded. His voice was thick with arousal and it caused the boy on the bed flush with pleasure.
“You should probably get going. My dad will be home soon, he’s worse than my mother.” Sherlock smirked.
"I'll have the, um... " He looked to Sherlock and then back to the waiter. "The crab ravioli.. But uh... Actually..." His voice had gone high again, so he cleared his throat and dropped it a little. "I'm a boy..." The waiter blushed and his eyes widened.
“To be honest, Sherlock. I’ve never even kissed anyone before. I have just as much of a clue as you do.” Sherlock snorted.
“I don’t know what to do now, John. I’ve never had a friend before, and this… this is completely out of my area. John smiled and swallowed against the butterflies trying to escape from his stomach. The adrenaline from making out had vanished, the heat of lust no longer clouding how awkward this was bound to be.
“Even so, washing them out couldn’t hurt. I could turn the taps for you if you'd like?” Sherlock was surprised by his own kindness. Normally it was just a snide remark and a swift exit. But this boy intrigued him. Beyond his normal curiosity about new things. John looked just as shocked as Sherlock felt, but tentatively nodded. They walked to the restrooms together, John automatically going to the girls, but Sherlock pulled on his sleeve and shook his head. John blushed and followed him onto the men's, they were single stall, so he needn't worry about any cis gendered males walking in on them.
James stared, blankly, at Holmes as he allowed the dagger to fall from his grip, and into that of his interloper.
McGraw appeared to quicken his step in that moment, and Holmes clutched my hand in his as we rushed to follow him. I imagined the intimate gesture was no more than a byproduct of his excitement at the thrill of the game we were playing with our target, and promptly ignored the fluttering within my chest.
Despite our brief greeting, I had taken note of the modest furniture, the wallpaper, the dusty lamps bathing the room with a warm light. I had noticed a small front garden, the masonry lining the outside of the cottage. There was the faint scent of beeswax in the air and a fragrance of lemon and lavender, which I realised was one that Miranda favoured. But there was no time to marvel at the homely comforts that Mary and Miranda had instilled for themselves in such a short time. I turned to James.
The ladies did not, in fact, mind, which is how I found myself nursing a glass of rather excellent port in the Hamiltons’ parlour. The ornate clock beside the fireplace struck nine o’clock as the firelight danced and warmed me in equal measure with the alcohol. Thomas sat across me, his left leg draped over his right, the liquid in his glass twirling in an enticing display. I felt rather exposed when subjected to this man’s open, honest gaze, yet Thomas did not intimidate me. I felt that his mere presence beckoned honesty and openness.
, Max,” Jack Rackham half-heartedly complained, his head lolling against the back of his chair with exhaustion.
could have done it?” James wielded his dagger up to Silver’s throat, in much the same manner he had just an hour previous to Alfred Hamilton. Silver did not flinch, however.
Holmes’ name slipped from my mouth before I could catch it in my teeth. I jolted in spite of myself, but not before I felt Holmes shiver under my touch. Had I offended him in some manner? Had I ruined the beauty of our shared moment with such a foolish blunder?
“Thank you, John. Your aid has been invaluable to us, even all these years later. I hope you know this.”
“And how, in exact terms, are you aware of Mr. Flint’s actions tonight, Miss Guthrie?” Holmes asked with his typical—arguably pompous—tone. Eleanor shot a glare his way, and turned to face him.
“If all those steps go as we hope, then the only thing left to chance is the response of Lord Ashbourne,” James said, the name on his lips emerging like a thick ooze of hatred from deep within him.
I parsed over my thoughts for a moment, and remembered the interactions I had seen between Silver and James in the weeks since my arrival in Glasgow. Subtle touches, shared glances, and—perhaps more than anything else—promises. The words Silver spoke before our departure from the train rang clear in my mind.
The corner of Madi’s mouth twisted in a smile. “Very well.” She gestured to the beautifully dressed woman, who sat next to her. Now that I could see her in a proper light, I felt as if every secret I kept deep inside my chest was exposed under her shrewd, dark gaze. It made shivers run up my spine, but I did not know why. “May I introduce you to Max,” Madi said with a smile. “My partner in all things and the reason why you, Captain, are not currently burning to a crisp in the
“I must say, Dr. Watson, your escapades with Sherlock Holmes were always a favourite of mine. While I am sorry to no longer see the stories within the pages of the Strand, I am ever so grateful for his return to London.” Lady Hamilton spoke with such an ease, as if the words themselves were hand-crafted for each interaction; the very soul of the person she spoke to seemed to always be considered foremost.
“But of course! Now, come along with me. Thomas is rather occupied with discussing John Ruskin’s latest. It is to be an autobiography, from what I hear—a rather disappointing development in his work, if you ask me. Come, come. He will be ever so delighted to meet you all.”
James did not look at me. “Kill a man? No. I knew I loved him when I knew I would kill a nation of men for him. I was ready to wage a war against the entire British empire, all in his name. It must seem odd to you, for you know that Thomas himself shunned violence often. Against his father, however, he held nothing but contempt. I am certain of this.” James’ eyes met mine then, glimmering in the low light of the room. “They say violence begets violence, Doctor Watson, and yet the world has taken so much from men like us. It felt only right that I should answer it by doing great violence against the world myself. We are
learned about it through Max’s people, but they never would rat you out. They know she would gut them if they tried.”
He spoke with a finality that sat heavy in the air around us. Much of our next steps were dictated by this evening’s events, and so much of our final strands of hope lay in wait for the answers they may be given. The high-spirited conversation of moments ago was now replaced with the uncertain anxiety.
“I suppose you are, yes. I was told to expect any niceties to be abandoned for succinctness, but I suppose words only do so much,” the Earl’s discomfort toward my companion was palpable within the room, and this time I could do little to suppress the urge to quell it.
“Much appreciated, Max,” James nodded and hissed as Miranda touched the alcohol-soaked cloth to his wound.
“Do sit down, my dear Watson,” my friend said, his voice calm and quiet against my ear, as his shrewd eyes observed the scene unfolding before us. We were still hunched back into the shadow, ensuring that we did not attract undue attention onto ourselves. “There is little we can do but observe. Intervening in this situation will compromise our position, and help precisely no one.”
Supper itself was nothing short of spectacular. Lord and Lady Hamilton’s cook had gone above and beyond any expectations that we may have had of the affair. Mary and I found ourselves enthralled by both the delicious meal, the beautiful ambience of the dining room and the easy conversation with Thomas and Miranda. It was clear that they entertained often and did so not out of obligation but with a gusto and enjoyment that was entirely singular to them. Spurred on by the recent developments in my case with Holmes, the eye I cast upon our hosts was a deductive one as much as it was a courteous one. I may have felt more guilty about this, was I not convinced that the Hamiltons’ safety—particularly that of Thomas—hinged on the successful conclusion of this mystery.
“Well, Holmes, what do you make of the room? You have spent quite some time pondering it now.” I spoke in jest, but the question was genuine.
A crack, a grunt of pain. I could not see it, as Silver was standing behind me and I dared not turn, lest I provoke the man with the gun pressed to my back. An angry grunt came from what I assumed was James’ direction.
“Difference of prose alone is not what lies within this letter, Watson! Although, it is true what you say. No, I am far more concerned about what words remain absent than what words are present.”
“So, Mr. Holmes, what information do you have to regale us with?” Silver asked, propping his foot up against the vanity beside him.
Madi raised a hand once again to interrupt him. “You do not think that John and I would not have a way of protecting the location of the cache? Even in a situation such as this?”
This was not a letter tinged with lust or guilt in the manner with which many such correspondences tend to be. On the contrary, it was written as if it were the romantic musings of a husband at sea, a modern Odysseus, patient yet yearning, on the long voyage home to his Penelope. And yet, something within its lines felt private in nature. Confined within a limitation—the affair, I would wager. The same part of me that ached moments ago was stinging me again, and I had no choice but to tear my eyes from the page before any signifier of such lined my expression.
Looking to my right, along the curve of the road, I saw the cottage that James, Thomas, and Silver had been chosen to occupy. To the side of the front door, I caught sight of James and Silver standing next to one another, joined at the shoulders. James looked as if he were struggling to stay upright, but his eyes were fixed on the horizon and the rapidly undulating sky. Silver, on the other hand, did not seem able to look away from James’ face. Before I could think to wonder where Thomas may have been, the door to Mary and Miranda’s cottage opened, and the women living within it emerged in nightgowns and light coats. None of us had planned to meet outside at sunrise the morning after Thomas’ rescue, and yet our three separate households had elected to share this experience all the same.
They pulled back, and brought their foreheads together. Thomas said something, barely a whisper, which was well beyond my earshot, but James’ incredulous reply, half-sobbed half-laughed came through clearly.
“John, my love! Thank Goodness you are awake,” my wife greeted me with the mirth in her tone emanating from every syllable. Her change in spirits when compared to the previous morning was remarkable yet unsurprising—I realised that it was in no small part caused by the presence of the woman beside her.
he said. And while, to any other man, his words may have meant nothing, to me they meant everything. In an instant, the missing pieces to the tragedy of Lord Thomas Hamilton fell into place. There were several aspects of that story that never sat well with me, you see. How would Lord Ashbourne have uncovered such a secret of his son’s indecency without someone to inform him? Would he have taken the word of just any man, with enough conviction to have the young Lord Hamilton indicted and imprisoned? For many years, I had placed the blame on myself. Ashbourne had threatened me as a means to keep me placated as a pawn against his son, but the most I did was request my brother’s aid with his contacts at Whitehall—nothing more. I had no interest in Thomas Hamilton’s ruin, and in fact did all in my power to prevent his terrible fate. The fact that it was not enough was—”
Silver was looking at James and chose to speak instead. “We had indeed been hoping that the first statement is true, Mr. Holmes, hence our presence here.” The mention of Thomas’ name didn’t seem to phase him—Silver knew of James’ past, then. “And as much as I appreciate you vouching for my honour, I believe we would all like to hear of the events that led to your presence here with us tonight.”
James huffed indignantly, as if the years-old assumption still pained him. “Perhaps. Initially, I am certain that was his motivation; I am certain he was to confront me the next time he saw me after he heard the news. However, when he saw me standing in his rooms, with you—I daresay he thought I was about to attack
“You know me, Captain,” he winked at James. “I always prefer the back exit.” James’ eye roll at this was nearly audible.
Whilst he has been left without words so often in this interaction up to this point, this is one response Sherlock is able to relay in an instant.
“Is there a more… private location we can take this conversation to? I suspect that, considering his injuries, Mr. Flint’s energy is unlikely to last all evening without somewhere to sit.”
Vane’s face got impossibly closer to mine. “Men, Doctor Watson? Did you see the look in their eyes? Did you see these wounds, did you see the way they had lost their faculties? Did you
“Of course, Miranda. I will do what I can.” There was nothing else for me to say, in truth. I did not want to see the hateful voice in the depths of James’ soul to leave unneeded agony in his wake any more than Miranda wanted it. And, much as she did, my brief interactions with the new James Flint indicated that such a result would be likely without any intervention.
The two men who held Rackham and Vane at gunpoint turned around in alarm and both aimed at John Silver, who was now holding Holmes’ attacker’s gun in his hand.
Thomas was laughing and James was crying, their bodies shuddering where they pressed against each other. James was sobbing audibly, struggling to breathe. They seemed to be touching everywhere, from their foreheads to the tips of their toes, and it still did not seem to be quite enough. James’ hands clutched at Thomas’ rough linen shirt as if he could crawl in between its folds and make himself a home there. Thomas’ hands kept running over James’ shorn hair, over the scabs on his scalp, over the silver stud that now shone in his left ear. He was mapping out the five years worth of changes in his lover in a disbelieving, fearful way, reminding me of the intensity within religious devotion.
McGraw’s eyes returned to me, now with clear amusement in them, as if he too was playing a game that I was not quite privy to. “These are only a few of my thoughts, Doctor Watson, and they can be summarised thus. Men who come to these salons do so because they make them feel like radicals; yet, when confronted to actually act upon any of the radical ideas that Lord Hamilton discusses so passionately, they look the other way. Lord Hamilton believes that change is truly possible and that he can achieve it—myself, Lady Hamilton, and a select few others believe so as well. My job is to remind him that not many others share this belief and, in fact, would work against it. I wonder, which side will you and your companion find yourselves on?” There is a thinly veiled threat in his question:
I elected to establish a more solid understanding of the Lieutenant, beyond the stolen glances of a detective’s biographer. I excused myself from Holmes’ side, and strolled toward McGraw in earnest.
“I was simply being polite and greeting our new guests, Captain. Is there a problem?” Silver—as it seemed his name was—did not lose his grin despite the near murderous look on James’ face. If anything, he seemed
He hears Thomas stand and approach him carefully near the fireplace. “I do not tell you this to hurt you, or to make you uncomfortable. You ask me for forgiveness that you do not need to seek from me. You ask me for a pardon that I am not entitled to give. All I have done, I have done in the service of love. And so have you. There is nothing shameful in that.”
“Say it again.” I had always known him to be an impatient man when regarding something he wanted, but before I thought such things existed only in the work of detection. To see the same want directed my way overwhelmed me, though I could not deny him.
“Allow me to help with this case, and perhaps my assistance can transform this matter into one for my new friend’s benefit,” she requested. “For I am disinclined to believe the Earl of Ashbourne’s assessment of her. Miranda, for as long as I have known her, has struck me to be kind, honest and true to her core. She has mentioned this man who you allege her to be in affairs with—James, did you say?—but not in any way I would consider improper. He is her husband’s colleague and, as far as I can tell, spends most of his time by Lord Hamilton’s side. If my involvement would be of help clearing Miranda’s name as it is, John, then I will stop at nothing to do so.”
your cases in an offensive, inaccurate manner. That I was committing an indecency to your work by my attachment to narrative over reality. Perhaps, you were right. Perhaps, I was lining my tales with fanciful niceties that were unnecessary, and to include them was to do a disservice to the art of detection itself. When examining the nature of my heart at the time, I cannot claim this was an impossibility.
“I apologise if I have offended you in any way, Lieutenant. I assure you, my intentions lay solely in the interest of amicable conversing, not in the feeding of rumours.” The change in McGraw’s character was slight, but pronounced all the same. I could not tell if it indicated a disbelief in my words, or a disdain for any words shared at all. “I was interested in your thoughts on this evening’s discussions.”
After a while, James emerged with a new set of plates, carrying what looked like a far more edible fry-up for three. He had pointedly not made one for Silver. James sat back next to Miranda in the booth before taking nothing more than a cup of black tea for himself.
“The pleasure is all mine, Mrs. Mary Watson,” Silver interrupted with a grin. The sly, devious smile appeared to be a permanent fixture on his face, the same as his pointed blue eyes or his strong brow. He took Mary’s hand and placed his lips on her knuckles. He moved his eyes over to Miranda next. “And you must be the illustrious Mrs. Barlow! Wonderful to meet you, ma’am. My dear wife has spoken of you with nothing but esteem.”
I returned to Baker Street the following morning to discuss my observations with Holmes. I was hopeful that my input would allow this case to conclude in a swift, willful manner on my friend’s accord, with no indication of my more personal motives.
“Oh please, John. I’m mocking them. Christmas is a ridiculous concept that was created by humanity and has been warped and twisted over time. Companies use it to hide greed, families use it to hide discontempt, and individuals use it to falsely justify giving things they can’t afford to people they don’t care about because ‘’its the fucking season’. It's all a scam and I don’t particularly like being scammed.” He crossed his arms across his chest, going into a full fledged pout. John thought about the gift in his pocket nervously, unsure how Sherlock would react to it now.
He jumped as the toaster popped, then cracked his neck as he stood to grab it. He pulled out the toast and put it on a napkin, taking his time to methodically smear the butter in a neat pattern across the surface of the bread. His stomach gave a heavy gurgle, and a shot of reflux bit at his throat. With a sigh, he opened the cabinet to his left to grab the peanut butter. He curled his toes under his feet restlessly as he added the peanut butter to his toast, putting the two slices together, folding the paper towel around it, making sure each side was symmetrical. He rinsed off his knife meticulously under a small stream of hot water, watching in dull fascination as the water ate underneath the food and dragged it down to the drain. When the knife was clean, he placed it back in the drawer and put all the things back neatly, wiping the counter.
“Well, that’s going to take some practice. I don’t think anyone has ever taken me all the way to the base.” John admitted sheepishly. He’d always felt bad about the size of his dick. He didn’t like hurting people. But then he found people who actually wanted to be hurt, and his sex life improved stupendously. But Sherlock was damn near a virgin, and he
“Jane, it's good to see you in the kitchen.” John didn’t meet his eyes and made himself a plate to take upstairs.
“Oh Will, this is the friend you’ve been telling us about?” She stuck out a dainty hand with bright red polished nails. John didn't know whether to kiss it or shake it. Luckily Sherlock blew right past her, grabbing John’s arm and dragging him along with.
“Doing what?” he asked, holding off a smirk. John cleared his throat and shook his head again, trying to clear it.
“Why are you doing this?” John asked. Sherlock looked up from his drink and stared into John’s eyes, they were a weird color of blue, almost grey. And the blackness of his dyed hair only enunciated them more.
“Good boy, kneel with your legs wider apart.” John commanded. Sherlock did as he was told, scooting a few inches forward so that he would be closer to John’s cock. He was flexible enough to sit on the floor with his legs folded on either side of him, his soaking pussy touching the cold linoleum. John nudged his cock with his foot, muttering more praise and stroking a hand through his hair.
“I’m sure John can use… his own words, can’t he sweetie?” She cut a look to Sherlock that could break glass.
“The fact that you just called me clever while insulting me speaks volumes of my intelligence against yours, brother mine.” He muttered, not looking up from his belts. Mycroft smiled ever so slightly at his little brother. He walked further into the room, stopping beside the young man.
“I dunno. At first I wanted to be a nurse. Well,” He grimaced. “My dad told me I would make a good nurse, that was after I told him I wanted to be a doctor for the first time. So for a while I kind of thought that I couldn’t be a doctor. Because I was a girl, and girls weren’t doctors. But, you know, recently, since I figured it out and everything, I think I’ve been leaning more towards surgeon. There’s just something so intimate about being able to fix people from the inside. And I don’t mean like, brain surgery and stuff. Just…” He trailed off. Sherlock hummed.
“I came up with it a year or two after I came out. I knew she was going to be the hardest one, considering how much she hates that I’m trans. So I asked Myrial and all the other staff to start calling me Willam, instead of Sherlock, around her. The idea was that the word association would change her view of Will from Willow to William, that’s another reason I chose that name, and she would start calling my William just by default. I didn’t think to calculate how stubborn she was, I mean I have to get it from somewhere, but I think it's finally working. This is the third time she’s slipped up and called me William just this year, I think maybe by the time I’m 30 she’ll at least be calling me that.” Sherlock looked so proud of his little scheme that it made John laugh a little. Even though it was sad that his mother was so adamant against her own child’s gender identity, it didn’t seem to bother Sherlock all that much. It just provided him with a challenge and a reason to complain from time to time, which was really all he wanted.
“It’s not you, Sherlock. I know I’m never going to be able to do it. And it sucks. You reminding me doesn’t make it suck more or less, it's just kind of a fact.” His voice was low and his eyes glazed over for a moment before he cleared his throat.
“So you really want to be a doctor, huh?” He asked. John stopped talking for a moment, a somber expression flitting over his face. He nodded.
John combed his fingers through his hair and pulled back one side of Sherlock’s messily made bed. He snuggled down into the blankets and nuzzled his face into one of Sherlock’s pillows, inhaling the scent and relaxing against the mattress. It wasn’t long before he drifted off to sleep, surrounded by Sherlock’s scent and warm blankets.
Sherlock rolled over and stared at his toast. He knew John may bisexual. John had talked about his time in the army and had hinted at it a few times. Sherlock had caught his lingering glances at other men, even Sherlock himself sometimes. It made sense, the leather jacket as opposed to the fleece, the stronger application of cologne. The realization was like a stone in Sherlock’s stomach. He sat up slowly, his eyes never leaving the toast wrapped up on the table. He reached out with shaking fingers and brushed the paper. The moisture from the warm toast had been absorbed into the paper towel, and the feeling of it made Sherlock’s stomach heave. He threw his hands over his mouth, squinting his eyes shut, breathing hard through his nose until the feeling of nausea faded. He opened his eyes and stared helplessly at the toast. With one hand kept over his mouth, just in case, even though his stomach was empty, he shook his dressing gown sleeve down over his hand and gingerly picked up the toast. He stood slowly, moving towards the kitchen, and threw the toast in the bin. He dropped his hands to his sides and stared at the binned toast, its neat wrapping now frumpled and scattered with coffee grounds. He tilted his head at the bin, not noticing the front door opening behind him.
After the two had scarfed down their not-quite-hot but not-quite-cold hot dogs and sipped at their room temperature sodas, Sherlock decided it was time to leave the museum.
“Yes, I can be good for you John.” Sherlock nearly whispered, his own smaller clit cock standing out and proud from his curls. He watched John’s hand stroke over his shaft, almost mezmorized. John brought the cock head close enough to Sherlock’s lips so that he could feel the heat, smell the precum oozing out of it, but not taste it.
“We can talk about stuff, you know. If anything is bothering you.” John replied earnestly. Sherlock nodded, bringing his fingertips up to his lips to nibble on them, tasting the residual cum on them. John’s eyes followed the movement, licking the bottom of his lip in response. Sherlock suddenly remembered his note about John’s visual stimuli, and kept a finger on his bottom lip as he spoke.
, Sherlock thinks. The bandage would harm his ribs if he wore it for too long. Sherlock scowls as he gives the Brulidine tube to John, who has been gently brushing rocks out of his palms in the lukewarm water of the sink. Sherlock watches John's hands as he works, they are gentle but firm, small but useful. Just like the boy himself. After a few minutes of coating and plastering, John turns the water off with the tips of his fingers, handing the box back to Sherlock wordlessly. He took out two pills and handed them to John, then put everything back in its compartment and closed the case, discretely slipping a hundred pound note into the middle of the binding bandage. He carried the case back to their table, despite John’s grumble that he was perfectly capable of doing it himself. On the way back, Angela sent Sherlock a secretive wink and brought out refills for their half empty drinks. The booth was silent again.
“I dunno,” He shrugged. “The park by your house is cool. And I can smoke there.” he waggled his eyebrows at John. John snorted at him.
“Coffee? That seems like a horrid first date to me.” John turned red for the thousandth time that night.
“Breakfast?” He asked. Sherlock nodded, still staring at John with a wide eyed expression, a small blush dusting his cheeks. “What do you want?” John asked softly. Sherlock swallowed and shrugged slightly, ducking his head under John’s chin. John chuckled at him and continued stroking his tender flesh. Sherlock threw a long leg over John’s and gave a lazy thrust at the thigh in between his legs before yawning. John couldn’t reach the bud of flesh from their new position so he settled for stroking up and down Sherlock’s back. They were still and quiet for so long, John thought Sherlock might have fallen back asleep.
“No need to apologise, John. I mean, can you blame her? I’m quite irresistible.” Sherlock bat his lashes at John, making the younger boy snicker
“Of course I do, how else would I have figured it out?” He asked, taking another bite out of his sausage.
"If you two stain the sofa I will not be taking the blame for it." She sneered. John blushed to the tips of his ears and cast his gaze to the dirty shag carpet.
"You know I've never actually been on a proper walk, just for the hell of it. It sounds intriguing, I could gather some useful information about the general public through this exercise." John just barely got him to stop pulling him out the door long enough for him to get his shoes on.
Hello everyone! I'm so sorry that this update has taken so long, my computer was broken for a while and I just got it fixed, updated should be coming a bit more regularly now. Thank you everyone for being so patient, enjoy!!
He sighed dejectedly and put the guitar aside. He stood up, stretching and groaning. He ran his fingers through his dyed hair, grimacing at the oiliness in it. He grimaced and picked up a change of clothes and a towel, heading for the shower.
“Fine, but only until you finish that.” He nodded towards the cigarette. Sherlock’s body seemed to wiggle slightly with happiness, making John’s stomach flutter around a bit.
“Are you still mad at me? From earlier?” John was puzzled for a moment before he remembered their argument about hormones. He smiled softly.
“I don’t think anyone else has been as determined as me.” Sherlock stated, feeling slightly more confident. He’d probably only gotten about a third way down John’s impressive length. Which, Sherlock was proud of himself for. While he had tested his gag reflex with various objects over the course of his life, he’d never attempted to deepthroat anyone’s penis, and John’s girth was unfound.
“A cup of tea would be lovely. Thank you.” Watson said, trying to ease the situation back into his favor.
“I play the violin when I’m thinking. Sometimes I don’t talk for days on end. Does that bother you? Potential flatmates should know the worst about each other.”  He gave a small, fake smile to John, enjoying the man annoyance.
“Teaching, now. Potions. Bright young things like we used to be. Merlin, I hate them!” Both of them chuckle thinking of old Professor Snape and how he seemed to abhor children. John had been horrible at Potions, his record for blowing up the dungeons defeated only by a Neville Longbottom, a Gryffindor student several years behind him.
"Merlin! This is going to be bloody awful." Several minutes later, Mills dropped the file on James desk. He open it. He grimace within moments of opening it.
“I, occasionally, do some potions work for the Auror department, determining which potion, how effective it was and where it was brew and so forth.” Mike stated, moving off the corner. “On more than one case however, it’s been a muggle chemical used to commit the crime. I was sent over to Bart’s to figure it out. Bump into him from time to time. Can figure out what I am looking faster than I can so get his opinion on it.”
“So he knows about magic?” John inquired. Not having to worry about showing his wand around his muggle flatmate would be quite a relief. John had spent years hiding his magic from superiors and fellow soldiers. He certainly didn’t care to continue such secrecy in his daily behavior.
“You have no idea.” Mike replied, thinking John was referring to the Potions laboratory at Hogwarts; he really hope John wouldn’t blow anything up here.
“Both of you” Mrs. Hudson asked, worry evident in her voice. Sherlock turned, looking her straight in the eye as he approached.
McGraw’s eyebrow shot up as he continued observing me. If I did not know better, I would say there was something vaguely mocking in his expression. “You would like to hear my thoughts, Sir? Very well.” He looked above my shoulder to where one could just glance Thomas, conversing with several of his guests on their way out. The Lieutenant lowered his voice. “My thoughts are that many of these Eton-raised, Oxford-schooled men are only here so that they can boast to their fellow Eton-raised, Oxford-schooled friends that they rubbed shoulders with one Lord Thomas Hamilton, famous for his unconventional radical thinking. My thoughts are that Lord Lewis there,” he tilted his chin to gesture to a short, dark-haired man, who was looking up at Thomas with reverie, “who has been enthusiastically nodding along to Lord Hamilton’s readings of John Stewart Mill, will, come tomorrow, be the first to cast his lordly vote for yet another reduction of factory wages. My thoughts are also that Mr. Harcourt there,” another nod at another fairly unassuming man, “will be laughing at all our expense over his cricket game this Saturday, explaining to all who would listen how Lord Hamilton is an idealist, air-headed and coddled, who only lives a life possible in the great philosophical texts.”
“I hope you do not mind, ladies, if I was to steal Doctor Watson for a glass of port in the parlour instead?”
“I understand.” James rose to his feet and shrugged his shirt on, with obvious effort. “And you do not need to say anything. I have said what I wanted to say and that is the end of it. I think you need to tend to your leg—and we both need to rest, before we see what the rest of the night brings us.”
James raised an inquisitive eyebrow—I could only see the corner of it. Despite the darkness of the situation, there seemed to be some amusement in his expression. “Could not…?”
“So, James, what is our course of action for the day? You appear to be the sole holder of that information,” I enquired.
too much time around Thomas, doctor. Even after half a decade, you sound exactly like him.” He pressed his forehead to his palm, his shoulders tense with a heavy emotion. “Dear Lord, I—”
“It is my belief that, whatever sabotage occurred during your mission this evening was brought on by intelligence that Eleanor Guthrie provided. For, who else could have obtained the information to do so, save the men in this room?”
Holmes smashed the head of the man he had been fighting into the floor and the man did not move again, though I could see the rise and fall of his chest.
“Was I to believe you would wear your new summer suit solely to spend the afternoon upon our chaise lounge?”
After dinner was finished, Miranda invited Mary to join her in her study for a private clavichord performance. My wife squeezed my hands, and I returned the gesture with kind reassurance. With a kiss to Miranda’s cheek, Thomas said:
Holmes moved toward James and Silver with a delicate, calculated step. James’ dagger stayed planted at Silver’s throat, but with somewhat less force than a moment before.
“My knowledge of the inner workings of the aristocracy have done little but increase since my time away, Mrs. Watson. Their behaviours are unlike those of common society; the more minute, the more significant. If one can understand said minutiae, he can uncover anything.”
Pleasant dialogue was had between us, before my knowledge of respectable behaviour finally won out over my enjoyment of our new friends. I noticed that Lieutenant McGraw had at some point disappeared, though I did not remember seeing him leave with one of the groups beforehand, nor had Thomas left our company to bid him goodnight. I made a note of this fact, though I did not know if it was to turn out to be anything of import. I collected Mary from her station by the fire with Lady Hamilton, and the three of us departed from the Hamilton estate after exchanging hearty goodbyes and with fresh invitations to dinner the following week. The feeling of budding friendship with such fascinating individuals as the Hamiltons was very near to overcoming my anxieties of the case at hand. This did not appear to be something solved within the day, and I knew that my fear would do nothing but increase until the safety of the Hamiltons, as well as myself and Mary, was ensured. The sole question that remained, was how to do so without indicating more to Holmes than was decent.
