One leg now bare, Cas runs his hand back up the inside, nails scraping bluntly at Dean’s inner thigh. Dean worries he's going to be a bit chilly until Cas doesn't actually put his leg down, but rather, hoists it over his shoulder, knee practically pressing into Cas’s ear. Cas turns his head just enough to kiss Dean’s bare knee and then leans back in, thumbs drifting to Dean's hip bones, circling slowly, teasing the edge of his boxers now and then.
Dean snorts. "Spineless?"
And that? That's enough to rubberize Dean's knees. Cas did not sound all that thrilled about catching in the past, but that he thinks it might be different with  Dean? That's all kinds of hot and endearing. (Okay, maybe a little terrifying.)
That chokes Dean right up all over again.
It makes sense. Cas thinks that prophets are protected by archangels, and maybe they were, once upon a time. But with how things are going, these days, Heaven's plan seems all kind of jacked up. Dean nods.
“Hi,” Cas answers, like there’s nothing weird about it at all.
Cas smiles wanly. "I'm cut off from Heaven. It’s why Zachariah assumed I was dead. So large expenditures of energy, such as transporting two humans and their car, can be... taxing."
The books end when Dean goes to Hell. But there has to be more than that. What if he knows about Cas? Better, but somehow weirdly worse too, what if this Chuck dude knows what’s up with fucking Lilith? Sam will never let it go.
"I am always glad to be of service," Cas murmurs, his cheek resting on the rise of Dean's knee. "But you were already beautiful as you were. Just a little... banged up."
Between one breath and the next, he feels a wave of pressure that seems to raise the hairs at the back of his neck, and his heart kicks up. Dean feels Cas come into the laundromat in the half-second between the really dirty and the regular dirty load.
So he does it again. And again.
Sam swallows, and looks down at his hands. He looks tired and small and shaky. He opens his mouth like he thinks he's gonna say he's sorry, but then he closes it. Somehow, that makes it more real.
It's almost kind of fun. It's different.
But Uriel smiles. He actually smiles, and all of Dean’s goosebumps stand up and say hello.
Cas is just sort of guiding Dean's thrusts with that hand, with a growing impatience that's really doing it for Dean—almost as much as the way his ass is flexing and clenching around Dean's cock, now in a way that feels almost kind of...
Dean smiles against his skin and pulls himself a little further over Cas, half-overlapping. "We shouldn't... what?"
Or ever. Maybe not ever.
He puts Dean down and strides off down the hallway before Dean can think of an appropriate response to that. Okay, they're definitely gonna have to fucking talk about what just happened.
Bobby steps forward. "Crowley."
Dean had come, yes, definitely, and it had been sort of good, but it’d been… disappointing, too. Weirdly distant in the way sex never was for him before. That spark of excitement he thought he'd been looking for had been mostly absent.
Cas arches an eyebrow and sits up straight, and Dean almost feels his own lips curve into a smile as his eyes spark brighter. "Well," he says, his voice low and confident, "Actually, even as early as the Aztecs the idea of giving one’s heart to Huitzilopochtli was considered a great honor, and a guaranteed ticket to glory. While most studies have shown the fallacy of the willing victim in Greek historical sacrifice, if you consider, too, the idea that Buddha’s past lives represented—"
Bobby coughs, and then hacks off a loogie to the side while Dean watches, his eyebrows up. Crowley crinkles up his nose, looking grossed-out. Sure, Dean's made deals with crossroads demons, and he's killed one or two, but he's never done this bargaining shit before.
Cas finds Dean standing next to the Impala, elbows resting on her roof, head bent between them. They don't do anything more than lean against each other briefly, but even that little bit helps.
So he feels it through every damned inch of him when the fingers Cas has between his legs skirt a little further back from Dean’s taint. Just a little, narrowing down to just the tip of one finger, and the sensation goes from being pressure to, to... he's not even sure what to call it.
"Oh, shit," Dean groans. He's holding himself up on his bent elbows—no way in hell he's going to miss watching Cas being Cas, no way—but all of a sudden holding his head up is a little more difficult than it should be. "Cas, sweetheart..."
Dean finds he's missed these quiet moments. There haven't been many during the last week, despite them spending it entirely alone, together, and with their own hotel room. With Sam—with everything—the quiet hasn’t been easy or comfortable, just… tense. This, though? This is comfortable.
Once inside, Dean's the one who volunteers to grab the rest of the Novaks because he's just not ready to be alone with Adam and/or Michael. They shuffle out of the panic room, and Dean updates them on the situation in a whisper. (Yeah, he knows that Michael and Cas can both hear him. That really fucking isn’t the point.)
"Sam," Cas greets, warmly. "It's good to see you, too. How are you feeling?"
Cas moves, sharp and sudden: a hand on Sam's breastbone and then off.
He doesn't know how it's possible. He doesn't know how any of this is possible. Right now, he doesn't care. He wants, he wants...
The door clicks open; Cas's expression is amused and rueful as he holds up two key cards. "The manager was a little confused that we had already gained entrance, and decided that we must have registered earlier when the system was down," he announces, chuckling. "He will look through the records, but I didn't have to put down your card."
Castiel doesn't claim to know much about humans, but he doesn't think this is normal behavior.
Dean doesn't want to talk to Cas. He doesn't want to believe it can be real, because if it turns out not to be—if this is just a fever dream Dean's having in Baby's back seat—Dean's going to end up twice as wrecked when he finally opens his eyes again. That's why djinn dreams work. That's why they're so hard to slip out of.
Of course, when Dean finally tried the damn, still-warm-from-the-oven cookie, he almost cried himself. Fuck, he never got what all the fuss was about fresh-baked cookies before that moment. That was some awesome melted chocolate and baked flour and sugar all in one combo.
appears through Uriel's neck and white light starts to pour out of every pore of the douchebag's body.
, and they're ushered immediately into what Dean is pretty sure is the best seat in the house.
Dean sticks his foot out—he knows better than to use his hand—to keep the door from slamming in his face. "Wait! Wait, seriously. It's, uh... it's..."
Instead, the hand at his temple brushes in, not out. A fingertip skirts along Castiel's cheek--he already knows he's blushing, and he's not sure he cares. A careful, careworn thumb brushes the seam of Castiel's lips, and he hears his own gasp.
John. Hell. Dean's teeth clench. Does the kid even know that John Winchester is dead? Does he have any idea how Dean and Sam were raised? How they didn't have holidays or birthday parties or baseball games, 'cause the hunt came first and all else was a distraction?
The flare of pain along it is bone-deep, achy, and Dean's suddenly awake, his body jumping. But that might be because Cas molded the whole of his hand along the curve of that bone, and the warmth of it is sweet and startling.
Dean doesn’t need to be asked twice. He twists them along the side of the Impala and reaches blindly for the handle to the back door.
that entrance.
"Jesus Christ, Cassie, what the fuck?" Jimmy yells.
Dean laughs, because Bobby cowing a several-millennia-old angel with one sentence and a glare is both hysterical and so perfectly
again!" Bobby finishes, and stomps off down the hallway.
The smirk that Cas gives him before his expression smooths out doesn't help, either. Dammit, that full mouth is made for that look.
Bring it on.
Dean taps his fingers on the steering wheel and the tension that thrums through his body is nearly suffocating. He needs to do something. He needs to
Dean meets Cas's eyes. He knows that they both want more than a shoulder clap, and that knowledge has to be enough for now. Their pinkies brush as they walk past each other, like tiny magnets that just can't stop reaching. It's soothing in a way that also leaves a tiny ache in Dean's chest when Cas flaps off.
Sam slaps the vending machine hard enough that its recovery resembles an old pinball machine when someone tries to tilt it. "What are you juicing up with? What was powering that punch? Huh?” he snarls. “I want to know exactly what flavor of hypocrite my brother is." When he's done with that little speech, Sam is breathing hard and there's a flinty look of betrayal in his eyes.
Cas pulls his eyes away from Dean's, and the smile withers off his mouth. "That was a long time ago."
Crowley pauses yet again and takes a step towards Cas. He must’ve forgotten exactly where he stands in the trap, though, because he crashes into the edge and has to step back. "You're telling me you
God. Dean loves him.
God, he's so polite, and that shouldn't do it for Dean the way it really, really does. Dean sets his hips and thrusts harder, rubbing against him, between thick, strong thighs.
Cas is frowning, though, when Sam and Ruby step out the door. It doesn't look like he's in the mood for hanky panky. "Dean, your brother..."
Dean sips his shitty coffee and checks up on Sam's progress. He's moved on again, but compared to the route he took before, it looks like a straighter line between him and them. Dean wonders about the detour, but he's not actually awake enough to think of all the worst possible reasons for it.
Dean's suddenly overcome with the need to please Nick. No matter the cost, no matter what. He's already ignoring the dull pain that’s starting to throb in his left shoulder; it's not important. And Sam, Sam’s just in the way.
"Yeah," Dean says, and puts his hand over the top of Cas's, forgetting briefly they’re at the table and in front of Bobby. "Look, no one drinks that shit voluntarily unless they think the world's ending."
I do have some ideas," Cas says, haughtily, before pressing his knees firmly into Dean's hips and flipping them neatly so that Cas is now straddling Dean, pressing into him in the most perfect way before giving one experimental roll. "Yes. I have ideas."
Dean chases him, making a disappointed noise. He's not done kissing yet.
Coincidentally, that's the lower edge of the palm print.
?" he says, dubiously.
"Precisely." Death licks his fingers, delicately, and reaches with interest for a deep-fried beef rib almost as long as his forearm.  "If you're interesting now, who's to say that you might not be interesting later?"
What the hell. The paper crumples a little in Dean's hands. Cas leans one arm around, fingertip brushing over to a line of something purple but, uh, explicit. Dean does not ever, ever want to read that detailed a description of his cock ever again, and it’s especially creepy because, shit, he really does have a freckle right there. "Though I don't know her well enough to know if she'd do that, with her tongue. She might, though.” Cas bobs his chin, his tone thoughtful. “If she were human. She's very commanding. Do you like that?"
Dean nods frantically, biting his lip. He can't concentrate on anything but the almost-too-tight feel of Cas constricting around the head of his cock and the warm, silken hot slide of the lube coating them both. He keeps going, so, so slow and careful until Cas arches just slightly, gasping and Dean feels the whole head of his dick get swallowed up in Cas.
But Cas is sort of struggling himself into a sitting position, shoving his free arm underneath himself. His face goes white with the effort and Dean automatically lunges close, grabbing onto his shoulder.
Dean can't blame him for being pissed-off, because honestly? If he were in Jimmy’s shoes, Dean’s not sure he’d believe in good intentions, either, if a Winchester walked in and said ‘An angel told me in a dream to come and help you out.’ Especially since Jimmy’s last encounter with angels was when Uriel, all smiles, talked about offing him because he was conveniently there. (Yeah, Uriel’s a real charmer.)
Cas gives him an offended look.
— Song of Solomon 2:17, King James version
Cas nuzzles slowly lower, letting his fingers move the zipper practically one tooth at a time downwards. His lips are soft against Dean's stomach, his breath hot and lingering. It's electric. Dean's a fan of foreplay, but with Cas, each little bit is just as good as the end result sometimes. When the spread of his zipper finally frees his aching cock, Dean sighs in relief, just a little.
Dean looks like he's struggling with the answer--why that would be, Castiel's not sure: it's a simple observation, isn't it? But finally, Dean replies, "Um... no."
Look, Dean's not mad at the way Cas chose to mark him up. He's not mad about it at all—Dean's not that stupid or that ungrateful. God, that felt so good.
"Uh-huh," Bobby drawls, sounding unimpressed. "Wow, you really know how to low-ball a guy, huh? Whatever happened to you guys offering shit like mansions and miracles and dates with Tory & Dean?"
"Also," he manages, through gritted teeth, "you're a tease."
against Dean.
It's not okay. It's the last fucking thing from okay. Dean hunches in, because it's either that or dry heave, and finds himself being tucked into strong arms, his head pulled into the crook of Cas's shoulder. Cas smells so human: a little sweaty, a little sleepy.
Amelia's the one who giggles. "So what you're saying, Dean, is Jimmy shouldn't visit Cassie at work?" she calls, through the open door of the kitchen.
Cas shrugs, delicately. "There are… only certain individuals who are capable of…” he seems to be picking his words very carefully, “...internalizing demon blood in that way. So withdrawal has been known to happen, but Heaven's justice tends to be absolute. There's no margin for, well, anything. Anyone so deeply allied with demons would be considered sullied, and to Heaven, the answer would simply be death.” He pokes his fork into his pancake a few times, studying the pattern the tines make in it. “Our versions of rehabilitation are built around cutting out the malignancy, not rehabilitating it. My best guess is that once the worst symptoms subside, the bigger issue will be relapse."
"Moose," Crowley says, rolling his eyes, "What I want or don't want has nothing to do with the price of peas in Perdition. I am a crossroads demon. I make deals." He smiles and flaps the parchment. "So who wants to deal?"
Sam crosses his arms. “Ruby’ll come through.”
Dean can't help his shiver, this time.
Dean chokes so hard that Castiel is worried for an instant that he's going to hit his head on something. "What the--"
It's not exactly a chore, though, to help Dean make these sounds. Castiel’s own pleasure is secondary for long seconds at a time as Dean slowly comes apart, but it always comes back to him--because Dean
"Bobby would probably agree with you. I get the feeling your family is not accustomed to displays of affection," Cas says. He doesn't sound bitter about it, though—more amused than anything. He nuzzles into the side of Dean's neck, feathering his lips back and forth.
Bobby eyes him consideringly, pursing his lips and making a show of going over options in his own mind, ticking his fingers in front of him. Finally, he answers, "Tit for tat."
"Mmm, yes," Cas sighs, still not opening his eyes. "Exactly that." He grinds down in a slow, deliberate circle. His cock beads silvery right at the tip with the motion, and he does it again. Dean's mouth cramps and waters; he knows he's not flexible enough to bend over and lick, but
It's everything like touching himself and nothing at all. The way he can see pleasure just racing across Cas's face is just as good as feeling it himself. The way Cas writhes under him when Dean tries a little move on him that he likes on himself, with a careful twist to gently pop the ridge of the head of his cock in and out of the careful circle of his fingers, makes Dean want to lick him everywhere.
Cas's lips curve in the barest hint of a smile. "I don't know about that," he says, very seriously. "You do like to punch things."
Cas blinks innocently at him. "Do you know what intercrural sex is?"
"Where?" Dean asks, pitifully grateful to hear Cas's voice. So far Cas hasn't done anything but be patient, if reserved. He's an excellent copilot, insofar as he defers to most of Dean's choices and only gets demanding when it's important, like Dean being so tired he might drive off the road. But the silence in between hasn’t been
"Yeah, yeah." Dean finally pushes the blankets away. "We definitely got a case."
Fuck, of course it is.
"Mmm, yes, just..." Cas shifts back against him, tucking their joined hands against his lips. Dean can feel the seam of them parting; Cas is fucking panting against his fingertips. "Just what I wanted. More, please?"
He can almost feel Cas's little wry smile, from this close. "Dead? I mean, by angelic standards, I'm as close as can be, I suppose. Practically a corpse."
, ‘cause demons don’t even actually have to eat.
"The angels are talking about you," Deep Voice says. "You were in Hell, but they pulled you out. Some of them have a lot of faith in you. And some of them don't like you at all." He takes a few steps out of the sunbeam, and his outline finally resolves into messy dark hair, five o'clock shadow on a crisp jawline, and eyes so striking Dean might actually lose his breath a little.
At first, it’s because, holy fuck, being inside Cas is possibly the single hottest idea he's heard all year. For another, well… Dean frowns. "I thought you didn't enjoy that,” he objects. “I don't want that if you can't enjoy it."
The food descriptions are not my doing this time! And, c'mon, tell me that isn't the cutest first date ever: laundry, pie, and, well, Baby's back seat...
Cas licks his lips. "I don't think they were. Were they, Dean?"
Dean actually gets lost on the way to the restaurant, and shit, that hasn't happened to him in a long time. He says it's Cas's fault, because Cas is supposed to be navigating. Cas says it's his, because watching him drive Baby one-handed like that in the dimming light is 'captivating.'
It takes Dean another second to fully clue into what Sam is accusing him of.
Dean purses his lips. Not a bad stance.
Cas nods. "This seems like an ideal place for the barriers to be thin, don't you think?"
"I'm sure I promised nothing of the sort at the time, Dean," Cas tells him, with a tiny smirk that tightens the corners of his eyes from entirely too close. "I was very, very much looking to start something then."
He tips just his head in and leans soft and snuggly against Dean's shoulder, smelling like stone dust and blood, but under it, Cas. Dean's Cas. Together, they breathe.
Dean closes his eyes and takes a deep breath before reading. He can feel Cas come up behind him, one hand gently resting on his lower back.
"I'm not really in the mood to piss off God,” Dean retorts. ”Hey, what about that middle ground? " he lifts his hand up, palm flat, and wiggles it. "I'd sleep much better at night if I didn’t have to worry if there's a godly smiting in my future."
Cas sits back with a drummette dangling from his fingertips. "'Go to the ant, O sluggard; consider her ways, and be wise,'" he says, in that rhythm he only gets when he's quoting something. "'Without having any chief, officer, or ruler, she prepares her bread in summer and gathers her food in harvest.'"
Dean's ready to start a fight. "Oh hell no,” he hisses. “No reaper is taking my baby brother before he's good and ready." Goddammit, goddammit, there’s no way the blood detox would kill him, right?
"I'm not worth that," he says into Cas's lips.
Cas, to his surprise, smiles into the curve of his forehead. "No." His lips brush Dean's hairline. "Because of all the outcomes in all the worlds, I think this one—us—was so unlikely. If we can happen, I don't see why stopping the apocalypse should be impossible."
Dean stops halfway through looking away and going hot around the ears, and raises his head. Bobby's face has gone soft, alright—with surprise. "Uh," Dean manages, because he can't exactly fucking deny it now. "I mean..."
"It doesn't matter," Cas says, softly. "It's gone. Someone took it."
When he's done, Dean ends the call and violently misses phones he could slam down. Cas plucks the thing from his fingers (probably a good idea) and then rubs across Dean’s aching knuckles. The pre-bruise ache disappears.
again. The knowledge makes him want to retch.
"I'm glad, too," Cas says, softly. His face is uplifted, watching Dean with his chin just barely resting on Dean's pec; his eyelashes are a little ducked down, blue just barely peeking out from under them. It's a look so shy that Dean doesn't know what to make of it, for a second. "I'm... I'm very happy, Dean. I'm so grateful you're real. I'm so grateful you're
Castiel did not expect his hips to jerk upwards at that.
"Sam," Dean croaks out, throat crackling from the disuse of sleep. "You can open your eyes. Nothing to see." He pauses thoughtfully. "Though that'll teach you to knock."
They cuddle, for lack of a better word, until the air in the car is chilled and the mess in their pants is kinda gross. Dean pulls away reluctantly, but Cas chases him with hands and a small sound of disappointment.
Cas nods. "The appropriate display of force needed to convince her stretched my limitations, but I didn't actually use much power. That was more... skill difficulty than battery consumption." He says it like he believes it, even though his face is more grey than pink right now.
What does an angel look like, falling? Cas made it sound like actual... fighting with gravity, falling.
Castiel can't find an argument for that. So he goes back to sleep.
(Shit, or he's getting old.)
But he draws himself another circle and dips to press just with the pad of one finger at where he's almost sure... maybe? Jesus, he can't even imagine it, everything seems so
having some kind of seizure. There's beer in his beard, and he doesn't look inclined to wipe it away. Then he raises his hand and, still without looking away from Dean, starts fumbling for something. He ends up grabbing some random piece of paper and dabbing at his chin with it.
Cas licks his lips and nods. "Admiring my work."
Dean shrugs. Other than what comes up in movies, he's only got the vaguest idea of what people do on dates that aren't finding each other in a bar and hooking up. "Dinner. Out. Maybe comb our hair first? Not a movie, though, I'm not sure I could sit in the dark in public and not be antsy as shit. Maybe we'll find something interesting to do along the way."
They sell by the slice, which is perfect, and Dean orders them four slices to try. There’s a key lime that has a whipped cream topping just as tall as its tart filling, and a local berry that looks black and glossy, covered with a crumbled and sugary topping. A chocolate silk slice looks like the best kind of pudding, smooth and sweet. And finally, apple: butter crust, small and well-cooked chunks of apple spilling out the edge, specks of cinnamon and nutmeg easy to see on the glistening fruit. The little cardboard containers are packed up into a brown paper bag, along with forks and napkins.
Dean is nose-first in a mug of coffee and a plate full of bacon and eggs (and he needs to thank Amelia for teaching Cas the secret to eggs) by the time Sam stumbles his way to the table.
"No," Michael says, not unkindly. "His grace is shielding him. It's very strange." He sounds intrigued.
When Dean looks around, though, it looks like the Great American Midwest at oh-dark-hundred, so anywhere within about 500,000 square miles. "Cas?" he asks, a little more gently. "Buddy, where'd you put us?"
Sam tries anyway. The noise isn't quite 'clunk,' but the knife goes into Cas's arm and comes away without leaving any blood behind it.
“Fuck,” Dean curses, and shudders. “Yeah, okay. So am I. “
I've been told that this is a cliffhanger and I should apologize, but really I just wanna cackle and say "hey, at least they got all their clothes off this time?"
"Because I'm
“Which he would… never… give…" Crowley words slow down to a crawl. He stares at all four of them, and all of their relaxation, horror dawning slowly on his round face. He pulls his hands back out of his pockets like he’s not sure what he wants to do with them. "Are you bloody
Dean’s so startled at the first jet of come hitting his chest that he stops moving right where he is—which works out just fine, because Cas freezes when he comes, his ass pressing hard into the cradle of Dean’s hips. Or at least, he freezes for just a second, mouth open, his whole body one long taut line of pleasure. But the way he grips onto Dean
Dean would never admit this aloud to a living soul, but when Ruby appears in the middle of the barn, dripping blood and curled around herself, and with the whole nightmare demon entourage in tow, he could kiss her.
So Dean might have a smile on his face when he barks, "Yeah, what?" into the phone.
Dean lifts one knee and shivers all over as Cas's hands trace at the creases where his thighs go into his hips, fingertips catching at the top of the cloth again as he drags it down Dean's calves. Then Cas discards the boxers off the edge of the bed, and just... stares.
"So do I." The gravel in Cas's voice is extra-heavy and Dean doesn’t think that it’s grace making his wide eyes sparkle like that. He smiles, brilliant and uncontrolled, mostly gums and teeth; then he laughs. "Does this make my angel blade my dowry?"
They spend time just being, just leaning gently on each other and sitting quietly. The clouds scatter away, leaving the sky clear and spackled with stars. Dean wonders if Cas sees the same awesomeness in the night sky as an angel as he did that night as a human, but he doesn't ask. He's out of words, and all he wants is what he's got, right here and now.
Dean dreams in small snippets. Bits of Hell, bits of his life, bits of things he wishes were real. Lately Hell has taken a more prominent role, but sometimes… sometimes he gets something nice.
"What's that supposed to mean?" Sam finally asks, but at least he doesn't sound hostile.
Okay, Dean's gonna have to go look that one up. But clearly he's got something going, because that old, quiet pain is starting to fade from Cas's face, replaced by a hint of soft amusement. Yeah, Cas knows what he's doing. Dean's never exactly been subtle.
the assigned reading. Dean never really had the chance to read things like The Great Gatsby and Their Eyes were Watching God before… though he’s still not sure he enjoys Hemingway. (And he swatted Cas when Cas asked, innocently, “Too many similarities?” Dean just knows a total asshole when he reads one.)
Dean relays what little he’s got. Cas has an inside man. Cas is definitely sure there's something up with the Lilith thing, because she’s all the buzz in the wrong hives in Heaven (Sam's eyes shutter at that one but he says nothing).
Dean slowly lets himself tilt forward. Their chests touch first, then press together until he can rest his face into that place between Cas's scratchy jaw and his shoulder. The trench coat feels the same. Their interlocked fingers stay, dangling gently between them. "Please be real."
"You really saved our bacon, Cas," Dean says. "Thanks, but... uh, who was the dick in an ugly suit? Er, no offense," he adds, as Cas gives him a rueful glance.
It takes a good few quiet, happy minutes before something really important percolates through Dean's sex-stupid brain, though. He turns to peer at him, frowning. Wait. Wait, Cas just... but what about
Cas ducks his chin and kicks some small piece of junk away with the tip of his shoe and that's when Dean realizes he said it out loud.
"I think you—we—remember, in a way that neither of us can control or explain," Cas says, softly. "And when I touch you, here..." he rubs just one fingertip against what Dean thinks is the pointer finger over the ball of his shoulder. The gentle press of contact is nothing to what zings deeper, Dean's whole body shuddering into it even though the sensation isn't physical at all. "Your soul reaches back for me. It knows."
Cas chuckles and rubs his face gently against Dean's shoulder. "There are more things in Heaven and Earth, Dean, than are dreamt of in your philosophy.” Dean’s pretty sure he’s smirking. “And I can say that quite literally."
Castiel's eyes finally pry themselves away from Dean's rearview mirror. There’s a soft creak as he leans back in the seat. And then he… chuckles? Yeah, that’s what that is, low and intimate and all sorts of confusing right down Dean’s spine.
leave the floor.
Dean's going to ignore that it's a little similar for him. There was never anyone like this for him either. "I just feel like I'm a little old to develop a shoulder fetish," is what he says instead.
Bobby loads him and Sam into the back of the Impala. They’re both pretty out of it. Dean can feel the engine of the Impala turn over once he’s inside, a warm rumble that never used to fail to make him smile. Until now. Now, it feels hollow. It feels like something else that’s going to make Dean’s bones shake apart.
(Dean didn't tell him about Cas being alive. He knew he should. He really did, but... not today. When they meet up tomorrow, he will. Really.)
Dean pushes Cas’s shoulders back against the headboard with a gentle nudge, and brings his hand up to cradle around the base of Cas’s cock, so he can stroke the parts he isn't practiced enough to reach. Maybe someday he’ll try it. For now, he hauls himself up so he’s partly sprawled over Cas’s hip and thigh, his other arm bracing him up. He doesn't want complicated right now, anyway; Cas seems too worked-up for complicated.
"You're an asshole," Dean tells him, "and I'm kinda into it."
So instead, for now, they sit, mostly leaning on Baby's warm, comforting hood, holding hands and staring at the stars shrouded by clouds. Eventually, Cas leans on him, resting his head on Dean's shoulder.
Cas twists under him when one of Dean's thrusts go a little ragged, a little shaky, trying to ward off the way in the next few moments he's either gonna have to stop moving or this is going to be over sooner than he wants. But Dean's angel doesn't stop—one of his knees pulls high enough to thump gently against the side of Dean's ribs, and he throws his head back. He arches so hard under Dean that for a second Dean thinks Cas might buck him off or out.
Because... yeah. That's exactly what it is. And... he can feel Cas's eyes on the side of his face, asking—so quietly—if Dean's okay with this.
Finally, he speaks up. He didn't know he was going to tell Cas about it until he does.
Bobby leans against the nearest wall, eyes unmoving. Staring. Assessing. "See, funny thing is, a couple hours after I got a call from you about your brother needing to dry out ‘cause he’s juicin’ up on demon bullshit? I got one from Sam, telling me practically the same thing. About you."
Cas uses that hand to guide Dean down against him, settling their hips together. Slotting them, and they fit. It's not quite comfortable, with both of them still in jeans, but it's
"Honestly? No," Dean says. "I did not." They stare at each other, anger boiling just under the surface.
Chuck flinches. "Look, guys," he says, uneasily, then tries on a sickly smile. "This was so much easier before I knew you were real."
Cas's laugh is even more rueful. "He might understand," he answers. "But celestial bureaucracy doesn't involve paperwork. Somehow, that makes it worse."
Dean squeezes back, his fingers resting perfectly in the shallows of Cas's knuckles. "It's a little my fault." Cas hasn't given Dean the full story, but Dean can read between the lines: a guy has to, in his line of work. Cas fell for him. He left Heaven
This should be awful. There's a sketchbook full of
"I do not think I'm tenured enough for this," Cas murmurs, and he's gone white.
shit. Like Ruby. Not about the fact that Pamela’s dead, and just for one crappy seal.
"I remember him better, now," Cas says, a little soothingly. "He's never liked humans much. He... prefers everything to be in its place, and humans—
"Are you
Dean looks sideways, at the bandages criss-crossing across Sam's skin, the way he’s listing against Baby’s side. But he’s alive.
"You've met my brothers," Cas retorts, dryly. "You tell me." Then he hesitates. "I..." and he looks away into the distance. For the first time in Dean's memory, Cas looks away from him, not towards him. "I..."
That night, when he unwraps Cas's arm before they get into bed, the slash bisecting it is gone like it never was.
Hard to tell if he's being oblivious, or sassy, or both. But Bobby barks out a laugh. "Religious studies? Fuck a duck, maybe you're okay. Come on, then." He gestures with his chin.
"So... whatever the deal is with this Castiel guy—" Sam says, flipping to another page.
Bobby is exactly that, so Dean can't even deny it. He rears up and bites the bare patch at the base of Cas's neck a little harder than he would otherwise. Cas actually yelps, and Dean finds himself snickering into Cas's skin.
and not the dirty kind of wanting. (Well, okay, not
Dean stares, looking vaguely thrown before his scowl reappears. "Uh. Actually, yeah, sometimes--nevermind. That's not important. Look, you can't keep doing this."
At first Sam doesn't see him. They positioned his cot so that he’s facing the door, at least, but Sam’s off in his own world for a few minutes—arguing with something that isn't there. It’s fucking heartbreaking. Dean doesn’t even know how to interrupt him, or even if he should.
Still, Sam's sudden breakout smile after setting his shit down and looking at Dean? That’s startling.
Cas," Dean jokes.
It's crippling.
"Ah-ah." Dean flicks his wrist and cuts at Zachariah’s arm with the angel blade; blue light spills out of the cut and Zachariah spins to face him, his face going even more pinched at the sight of Dean holding what’s probably some kind of sacred knife. Dean grins and draws a neat little figure eight in the air with the tip. Damn, he loves this thing. "No snapping at the grumpy seraph. Sure, he’s pretty, but it might make him grumpier."
Dean starts to slowly reach for the small of his back, where he’s got Cas’s angel blade rigged up in an old machete harness underneath his flannel with the hilt pointing downwards and just waiting for his hand.
Dean's not special. Dean was never the one who was smart, who was going to make something of himself. He was his dad's hunting partner. He's a weapon. He's the one who went to Hell, and while he was there, broke too many people to count.
Cas is crinkling up beside him, hunching deeper into his trenchcoat with a furrow appearing between his eyebrows. "Crowley? Do you mean the little man who sold his soul for..." Cas clears his throat, twice, and shakes his head. "Why does the king of the crossroads demons have Death's old scythe?"
Cas gently disentangles their fingers, and runs a hand down Dean's hip. "Stuff?" he murmurs, and dammit, Dean has no idea what color his face is right now.
"There’s a being named Crowley," Death says, before Dean can finish working up a head of steam. "Strange little creature. He has one of my old scythes. It will kill most things in existence, if that’s something that’s useful.” He turns his next bite—one of the fried oreos that Bobby talked about—between his fingers. “Well, except me. A few others, I suppose. I would find it... helpful if it were no longer in his possession.”
: Dean experiences some pretty hardcore grief in this chapter. He considers, briefly, some harmful ideas.
Sam looks alarmed, looking over Cas's head to meet Dean's eyes. His eyes go dark and sharp with suspicion. "Wait. If even Dean didn't want it done—no way."
"Amen," Bobby says from somewhere behind Dean and since Dean is sort of over feeling like he needs to hide, he doesn't move one muscle out of the hug. "Though," Bobby continues wryly, "I'd appreciate if we managed to save the world too. I mean, I got all this good booze to drink now."
Dean thinks he might finally be getting used to the feeling. When he reaches out and down again, it takes him a second to figure the right configuration of three fingers to push back in in a way that seems like it isn’t going to hurt. But when he does, Cas sucks in a deep breath. Dean freezes. "Cas?"
(See the end of the chapter for
And continues downwards and behind with just two fingertips.
Dean wonders if it's worth even attempting a personal space argument, especially since he's probably not going to mean one single syllable of it. So he shrugs instead.
By the time they’ve convinced Chuck that they’re the real deal and not some really big fans, he’s stopped looking at them like they might implode in a Misery sort of way and more like an actual, much more immediately violent sort of of way. Chuck takes one step back like he thinks Dean might shoot him. Well, there’s that possibility—
Dean's throat clicks as he clears his throat twice, then mumbles, "Uh... you, um. Maybe wanna share?" and nudges the edge of the blanket over Castiel's thigh.
He wants Alastair dead. He should want him dead.
He gathers the first aid supplies and turns the coffee table into a stitching staging area. They've recently restocked and Dean decides that Jimmy is worth the lidocaine. Sam and Dean tend to save it for emergencies, or times when there's the luxury of painkillers and rest. Usually they opt for a different kind of liquid pain relief.
He's not sure how to bend down and kiss him, no matter how much he wants to, without pushing further in, but watching Cas sex-flushed, reaching down to gently fist his own half-hard cock, fingers wrapping loosely around himself and just sort of petting... that doesn't help Dean’s control. That definitely doesn't help.
"Good, 'cause we don't exactly stay at the kind of places that need
Cas doesn't look a thing like Jimmy when he raises his chin again. Dean has no explanation for why his heart hits
in days. Just… silence.
Cas nods, smiling sadly. "We two are so entwined now; hiding an angelic presence within that isn't difficult at all. The hex bags from Bobby are more than enough, on top of my own personal warding."
, and better than I dreamed."
But he keeps going, carefully touching the damp corner of the rag to every bloodstain on Cas’s face, on his hands. Dean straightens his trench coat, and swallows at the sight of the missing buttons. He’ll wrap Cas in that coat, inside his shroud. He thinks Cas would like that. Would have liked that.
Well. See? We got there. Though I admit that the creative cursing in the comments for ch 15 did sustain us through a cold weekend. One more to go, we're pretty excited to be finishing this little project as scheduled.
Dean's phone beeps—just once. There's a message from Sam, but it's blank. Cas lets go of his hand.
Cas presses soft, sucking kisses down Dean's collarbone. "This is nice."
"I don't know," Cas answers. "They're cousins to angels, but they only answer to Death." He reaches for the Impala’s door handle, but doesn't open it. "She's very pretty," he says, apropos of absolutely fucking nothing.
Jesus fucking Christ. Didn’t they have a goddamned conversation about
Claire comes bouncing out of her room, hyped up on nothing but hoopla and Christmas cheer. She ricochets off his hip with a “Hi!” like she didn’t just see him at brunch—because the Novaks are the kind of family that have weekend brunch—before darting into the kitchen.
"Always, Dean. In Heaven, on Earth, in Hell," Cas says, softly.
Dean hiccups. Maybe gasps. His eyes water. It's too much, he can't breathe, and Cas
body, isn’t she?”
Cas sneaks both hands around, sweeping down the back of Dean's boxers. He squeezes. "Yes?" he answers, innocently.
"You may take some of the food with you, if you like," he continues, like he's granting them some great boon.
"But you'll let me know if you don't like it?" Cas insists. "You don't have to like it."
Dean's just been told someone loves him more in the last few minutes than he has in his entire lifetime, and it's not helping the strange feeling that the reality they’re in isn't the one Dean belongs to.
"Some, yes. Unfortunately, they may be the ones in power," Cas confirms. Suddenly, Dean needs to sit down; his knees can't take it anymore.
He and Cas exchange a look. Cas wrinkles his nose. Yeah, Dean kind of feels that way about fancy wedding shit, too.
He sounds so grateful that it makes Dean's eyes sting a bit in a way that's not the pepper. "Did you, um. Date a lot? When, you know." He's pretty sure he knows what the answer is, though.
Not that Dean would want to go anywhere. No, fuck no, he doesn't want to be anywhere but here.
But he's still not prepared for Cas closing his lips over what must be the tip of the thumb, across the soft inner curve of the inside of his bicep, and
a little physical to help.
It doesn’t make him feel any warmer.
"Oh, yes. It's lovely, Dean," Cas sighs. He's still watching Dean through the dark fringe of his lashes when he flicks his thumb down the stripe of sensitivity leading from the head of Dean's cock down to his shaft.
Dean snorts and crosses his arms. In one way, Cas had it easiest of all of them: he was never actually declared dead. What they didn’t know, though, was that while they were off stopping the end of the world, Jimmy put in all the paperwork with the university to make like Cas was on “research sabbatical” from his job, because the two of them had been forging each other’s signatures since they were teenagers. Cas’s big brother always,
The thing of it is, normally he'd be right about it bothering Dean. Privacy is a thing for Dean, maybe because he's had precious little of it. But Cas isn't purposefully invading his space. He just speaks a language most other people can't. Besides, Dean can tell some pretty private stuff about what’s going on in Cas’s noggin, given half a chance.
Dean's brain is still gooey and quiet with pleasure, so it takes him a moment to figure out what Cas means. When he does, eyes he didn’t even realize that he’d closed fly open, and the idea of it jolts him with another shiver. "Really?" he breathes.
"Is something... funny?" Cas asks, looking hesitant.
for him, he's A-OK with that.
He likes learning about Cas.
Sam frowns. “What do you mean?”
Dean crosses his arms. He tightens every muscle—hugs himself, wanting to hold it all in. "Bullshit. It's not your fault." Those words are ripped from Dean's throat. "Cas, I'm the one who—"
Babies. Lilith likes to eat fucking
to betray them to her fellow demons. But Dean
At the Sunshine Motel, Dean gets the regular double. He's not sure how long they're gonna be in town for, and as much as he longs for the freedom of a king sized bed, it just seems like less work to bow to the inevitable.
Cas kisses the crown of his head, soft and gentle. "Angels need human vessels to walk the Earth, but having
, Dean's ass almost leaves the warm metal surface behind him.
"Hmm?" Dean asks, nosing down the side of Cas's face.
She blinks at him, and sighs. "Oh. It's you."
Cas looks a little ashamed now, so Dean puts a hand over his hip and just rubs along the little arc of bone, the softness that sits just above it. Cas ducks his head into Dean's neck, and talks, softly, into his collarbone. "My grace is, as you know... faltering. And a human soul is an incredibly powerful thing—yours, I think, more so than most. As much because of what you have lived through as despite it."
Dean doesn't say 'already?' or ‘is that a problem?’ because shit, he just came in like thirty seconds flat, he's got zero stones to throw. But goddamn if that little quiver in Cas's deep voice doesn't do it for him just right, make him wish that he could get hard all over again.
"But what if I was chosen because of what I am?" Sam asks quietly. "What if I was always broken and dirty and that's why… that's why it all happened?"
Cas leans down and kisses the curve of Dean's shoulder, gently. "Sorry," he murmurs. "Is that alright?"
It's the most he's seen of Cas in a few days. There's also the slash of a knife wound on the right one. It doesn’t look like it’s healing.
Dean might just start crying again, because Sam sounds so much like himself for the first time in ages, and Cas looks like he's been coated in startled joy and doesn't quite know what to do with it yet.
Cas has dropped his chicken wing and, if possible, gone even paler. "God… thinks we're
It should be a dose of cold water, bringing up the other people. But it's not, because Dean imagines the kind of wild, uncontrolled sounds Cas is able to wrench from his mouth and all it does is make him want it more.
"Near Santa Fe," he says, groggily. "We went on vacation here when we were little. I remembered the vista very vividly."
Cas answers with a long, drawn-out moan and a shudder that Dean feels all the way down his spine.
Okay, him and 'Anna' are leaning against Baby in Bobby's back lot, and...
"Lilith," Sam squeezes out. The pages crumple under his fingers. His eyes are tight and red. "He wrote about Lilith. And... and me."
Uriel smiles, sweet as poisoned pie. "Don't worry, I'll kill him gentle." He cracks his neck. "Them, I guess."
"Cas?" Dean asks, mock-seriously.
Then Dean raises his chin into where Bobby's still looking at him steadily, and realizes.
Dean squeezes Cas's hand. "Yeah. Bobby's got some ideas on how to strengthen those wards even more. And no offense to your friend Anna? But she's staying in the root cellar."
"Sorry," Cas gasps. "Sorry, I, that's—"
Cas turns to Inias and smiles, sadly. "I forgive you."
"'Course it does," Dean answers, shucking comfortably down to his boxers and t-shirt.
Sam stares at him and then his face softens into some sort of emotion Dean is
That seems to corral everyone back into the same conversation.
Cas's smile arcs against bone and skin again. Feeling the curve of those lips tightening against him is becoming one of Dean's favorite things. "I certainly can't argue that touching it, stroking it, kissing it, feels..." Cas agrees; he's tracing down lower and lower, "...rather exquisite."
So he does.
None of that's gonna happen if they don't fucking keep Lucifer back in his cage.
"Ouch," Castiel mutters, looking down at his arms—which are, okay, why the fuck is he covered with blood? As far as Dean knows the angels didn’t even make it to him!
The excuse that it was a lean couple of months sort of stings on the tip of Dean’s tongue, but he doesn’t let the lie out. He shakes his head. “I’m okay. Better, now.” And that, that’s the truth. “The marks… where do you put ‘em?”
They fight, synchronized in a way even he and Sammy never really reached, until the open doors to the main abbey are in sight. Dean can see them, fuck, he can see people in there—and one of them’s his brother. He doesn’t know how relief was going to jelly his knees at seeing him again. He’s okay. He’s alive, he’s okay—
Remember how we promised smoosh after all that plot? Well, smoosh ahoy! This chapter also contains one of my favorite scenes in this story... <3
"I would like you to be happy for us," Cas says to Jimmy, with the same quiet serenity. "Though if you can't, I understand. The circumstances are... strange, even for me."
Sam chokes out something that might be a laugh as he follows Dean in.
But Dean doesn't say any of that, do any of that. He lowers his chin, instead.
It feels like hours later, but it's probably only seconds. Sam's head pops up. There's blood dripping from all around his mouth: it goes from his nose, down past his chin and halfway up his cheek.
Dean doesn't even really register that he's coming until he's shuddering, spilling all over Cas's hand, his belly. Though that’s partially because, oh,
Cas unwraps their hands and then with one hand, pops the cap open. He makes a gesture with two fingers and waits for Dean to copy it, then lays out a thick trail of lube in the groove between Dean’s middle and index finger. When he recaps the bottle, it’s still one-handed. Dean's gonna ask about that later.
So yeah, even though they are sort of trying to avert the end of the world, their mood's pretty good as they creep into the convent.
Dean reaches out before he can help himself, and touches the skin right to the side of it. "They got you," he says, hoarsely. "Shit."
Cas says, "Dean." That's it, that's all he says. And through Dean's damned
Dean has no damned idea what he's talking about. Except maybe he does. He flashes a smile that's all teeth. "No time like the present, right? Let's get our honey wagon on!"
"Swapping chores? Nah, man, I bet Sam and I would do that. If, y'know. We had normal chores." Gun maintenance doesn't count, and Dean doesn't let Sam near Baby's engine. Though maybe the whole research thing counts, 'cause in their world, that
He doesn’t say anything about the tears running in a slow, continuous drip down Cas’s face.
Cas rouses himself with a little shake. Sam hands him a bottle of water over Dean's shoulder, and Cas takes it gratefully. He doesn't drink it, though, just holds it against his cheek with a small sigh.
"Yeah, Bobby," he says, quietly. "Yeah, I do."
Dean pulls open the steam-soft top. The smell, cinnamon and fruit and pastry, hits him before the sight of it does: a narrow, soggy piece of apple pie, wedged next to a plastic fork.
Cas turns and glances at him with a kind of infinite sadness that makes Dean's chest ache. "Not really."
"Well, we got about five hours to kill," Dean says. He hopes not even Sam can hear the hitch and roughness in his voice, or at least can dismiss it as the result of two shitty fights with overpowered creatures in under twelve hours. "So speak."
The door creaks open to a soft tap, but Castiel doesn't look up. He knows what he looks like: he has eyebags and his hair looks like it's developed its own centripetal spin. He's still sitting on the side of the bed, his blanket wrapped around his shoulders. He's bent and bowed; his elbows are resting on his knees.
Cas's chuckle has that same tiny edge of hysteria that Dean feels going through his whole body. "I don't think there are words in any language to describe how 'okay' I am," he says, and the small, sleepy smile makes that not a lie.
Dean gets turned off so quickly it feels like he loses blood pressure briefly.
Dean's curious if Heaven knows if and how Death helped them, but he's not willing to ask. And, from what Dean has seen of the guy, if they know any better, neither are they.
He’s awake for long enough to hear that Bobby identified Lilith’s host off a wallet. She is (was) the sister of the young dental hygienist whose body they had to burn. That family’s lost two of their daughters to the Winchesters, now.
Cas looks up from where he's inspecting the edge of his angel blade. His eyes are dark with sympathy. Maybe he gets it, too.
"Because I was nearly torn out of this mortal plane, and there should have not been anything that could keep me here," Cas says, quietly, but very obviously in Dean's direction. Dean stares at the floor so he doesn’t have to try to meet his eyes. "That I remained was not without a price. We were injured," Cas goes on, so gently, "on a metaphysical level."
Without those eyes on him, it's not as hard to look away. Dean shifts back to glance at the road. Sam flips to another page of the sketchbook, frowning.
"After that we made, in comparison, excellent progress. We took the next three circles in four years. And yet." Cas looks up this time. His shoulders are bunched-up under his coat, and his mouth flattens into an angry line. "I was called off the front lines. My strategy was questioned for its soundness. I was forced to leave standing orders to answer for it, but when I returned, my orders had not been followed. It was frustrating.” He blows out a breath between his teeth. “It seemed like every time I thought we had found a way forward, some new obstacle would appear."
Dean blinks, slowly, because it's taking too much effort to move his eyelids with all his attention focused on Cas's hand, resting high, high on his thigh. "Anything," he says—a rash promise he's never made before and never had any plans to.
Sam blinks, and blinks again. "Angels eat?" he says to Cas.
He's not surprised that Cas's eyes go creased at the corners when he smiles—fuck, Dean's such a disaster sometimes. But he
Castiel's eyes close without his permission, and he leans into the touch. It's small and simple. It’s achingly perfect in ways Castiel has never allowed himself to think about.
Castiel lets his head fall back, but the sight of the soft purplish bruise he left on Dean's throat almost stops him.
He shifts his knees a little, because he needs the extra leverage to pick up speed. Dean is still careful—he can't help it; despite being looser than he was, Cas’s body is still so tight, and angel or not, Dean will
Cas’s blade is already dancing and flashing as Dean snatches for the knife under his flannel.. By the time he's got it out, the twins are dead, burnt wings scraping across the entire room. Zachariah has managed to recover—he's at least standing—but he has a startled hand on the already-healing bruise on his face.
It's not until they step out of Cas's room that Dean realizes it's a weekday, and that there's too many voices coming from the kitchen for the late hour—what is it, 9 AM?
What's left behind is cold and hard and ancient. The smile he wears—it wears—is small and mean. He laughs, and it's like the sound of tires blowing out on the highway going eighty. And for the first time, Dean maybe, maybe, understands why this guy calls himself the King of the Crossroads.
Cas's hands like to wander, running long fingers all over Dean's skin. They like to push his shirt up so that he can trail warmth across Dean's ribs and backbone. The backs of his knuckles like to brush down Dean's stomach and his fingers seem to enjoy tweaking Dean's nipples, soft bits of friction that zing through his entire body.
"It was... not my intention," he mumbles, low in his throat. "And when I did, I was... unmoored." He nods to the papers. "According to these, I was meant to take Jimmy as my vessel. Instead, I coexisted with him. Was born with him, a human, but... not. In these pages, I didn't exist, not in the way I currently am. I was never meant to."
the monster under the bed.
Sam twists to look at him, but Dean barely sees his brother move. There’s just… there’s something. Something about that voice.
The next time Cas's fingers nudge inwards, Dean runs the tip of his own finger against Cas's tight, stretched, slippery rim. Cas jolts forward with a sharp, small moan like he got electrocuted, pushing his cock harder into Dean's fist. And now Dean's not the only one dripping, the wet of Cas’s precome dribbling onto the head of his own cock. Fuck, okay, that’s… really hot, too.
"She was still wrong." There's a stubborn lilt to Cas's voice.
Dean finds out Cas sent Jimmy packing along with Pamela, and he's relieved. A concerned, uninformed civilian can be a serious liability, and Dean's already distracted more than usual. Sam, too. The drive to the big-ass supernaturally inspired oak tree is tense, in many different ways.
Sam helps Dean with the body after that and they get her down to the car with only mild trouble. Dean can feel Cas behind them, clutching at the stair railing a little too hard. Dean clenches his jaw and gets on with it.
Dean smiles against his lips. "Your grace or whatever doesn't insulate you against that, huh?" Even as an angel, Cas likes this?
It's a little weird, this deliberate bedtime dance. Dean's used to crawling into bed exhausted, often with his pants still on. Or sometimes being thrown onto a bed and climbed on top of, if it's a good weekend at the local bar. But Cas is just sitting there, smiling softly, putting a bookmark into his book and setting it aside, shimmying down while Dean climbs in. He turns onto his side once Dean’s horizontal: two people facing each other in bed, like bookends with nothing between them. It's so normal.
"Like, the Grim Reaper?" Bobby says. Well, at least Dean's not the only one who's tilted sideways by this.
Cas groans and bites his shoulder, really,
"What kind of help do you need?" Sam asks. "To, you know... um, not be dead. Come back from the dead?" He smiles, crooked and rueful and so familiar that it makes Dean twinge with missing him, even though he's right here. "We, uh, the three of us kind of have a lot of experience with that.”
Dean feels incredibly, indecently close next to him.
He sighs.
"Dean," Cas says, slowly. "You're not quite lying, but there's something wrong."
It's slick, it's warm, it's tight. It's everything Cas said.
And if Dean thought their lives couldn't get any more fucked, well. Here's the evidence.
Cas cracks open an eye. "How is it that you, who seems to know everything in the world about pop culture, doesn't recognize a quote from the Princess Bride?"
It's a lie. He does. He remembers the chains, the ties that bit into every inch of his skin even though he knows that's not even possible, the way he bled and screamed. He remembers when they took the metal off and let him free. Except he wasn't free, was he? The knife in his hand chained him there.
"Charmed." He bows, tipping an invisible hat.  "Also, boys, you'll need to do better than a devil's trap spray-painted in the dirt to keep me." The wind picks up, and there’s something hot and dry and stinging about it, like the air off a forest fire.
Sam is gaping at him. "I know what a Div School is, Dean, but... you
"That argument would work better if you weren't keeping me locked up like this," Sam mutters. “Also, she’s in a
Castiel blinks again. "Uh. Pajamas?" he says weakly.
"I'm sorry."
He shoots a slightly-panicked and slightly-betrayed glance at Cas. Shit, he wasn't ready to meet the little half-brother they didn't even know they had the first time, what the hell makes anyone think he's ready to do it now?!
"That night, in the backseat of the Impala," Dean says, closing his eyes and enjoying the feel of Cas's fingers through his jeans. "When you asked me if I'd done this before, and said that you had, when you were in a, um. A dark place."
Bobby gives him a curious, assessing look. "An ad salesman like you know anything about lookin' at lore?"
—isn’t the most frightening thing Dean’s ever experienced.
"Right, because, if all the seals are broken..." but then Sam trails off, too, frowning.
"I just wanted to…" Cas trails off and shrugs again. "I don't know."
Dean sighs into Cas's chest. "You really think we're gonna do this, huh," he mumbles. “We’re gonna beat ‘em. We’re gonna stop it all.”
Dean croaks out something that almost sounds like a real laugh.
Ruby arches both eyebrows. Sam's eyes are now wide with alarm. "Why would you have to
It's the idea of Cas, Dean's Cas, looking for intimacy, looking for something that should feel
Cas snorts half a laugh at that. Michael doesn’t seem to find it funny, and sort of cocks his head.
Yep, it's a case alright. Dean really doesn't want to deal with what will probably be broken and and destroyed human beings, having lived past the death of their loved ones. He's sure they'll find out that none of them were in control or something equally sad like that. It makes his chest ache.
"You should take my pants off now," Cas tells him.
Dean slides off the hood only to stop and lean against it. Cas looks small and alone and Dean wants to—well—he wants a lot of things and they're all overwhelming.
"Dean?" his little brother says, sounding... young. "You know I didn't mean it, right? Any of it."
It's… as precise as it is astounding. And freaky. Every detail is there. What the hell?
Cas smirks and the worst of the mess from Dean's crying jag disappears from his shoulder. Dean's face feels dry and cool again, and he hopes to God the snot’s gone. He’s pretty sure there was nothing at all fucking beautiful about that crying. "You have a remarkably one-track mind," Cas notes.
"You don't normally ask if you can. I am waiting with bated breath," Cas murmurs. Dean would normally call him a sassy asshole—because he is—but Cas says those words low and thrumming into the side of Dean's neck, his lips moving over a patch of wet skin.
at winking: his other eyebrow tilts all the way up while he’s doing it.
He thinks back and starts to jot down the hotels that Sam mentioned—hotels, 'cause Ruby doesn't stay at no-tell motels if they can help it, goddammit. All the safehouses and hideyholes. Every town that spilled out of Sam's mouth. And he starts searching.
Cas waves a hand, and all of a sudden they're... not sticky and covered with come.
Dean stares at the walking body of his dead half-brother standing on the Merry Xmas welcome mat, and does a little math. "
Dean can see the bottle of lube over by his knee, where Cas must have dropped it, but right now, having it on his palms might be too much, a little too good. He can barely look at the sight of their cocks gathered in his fist, just barely moving his fingers enough to give them each a little play, because he just felt the first drip trickle off his cockhead and onto his belly. From the way Cas licks his lips, he saw it, too.
Dean also knows there's something Cas isn't saying, and it's not so simple as that he’s already planning on surrendering himself to save them.
Something sweet and hot touches the back of Dean's throat, colors his face. He gulps it down and clenches his teeth, looking away from those eyes in the rearview mirror. The road stretches out in front of him, nothing but trees and highway and the blast of trucks going in the opposite direction.
Then Cas grinds down against him and there's pretty much no thinking. But Cas has his eyes open again, looking into Dean's, and Dean thinks he might drown anyway in how much better that just made it. Cas looks almost surprised, or at least as surprised as someone pink all the way up to his ears and dripping sweat in a gleaming line down the side of his neck can look.
"Hey, s’okay. Seriously," Dean says roughly, he hauls Cas closer, fits their bodies together. How easily that goes still delights and amazes him. "Just maybe, there's some stuff we should talk about? I need to understand this, okay? I—" Dean swallows. "I'm bad at faith, I'm bad at taking things on faith. With you, I can do it, but it's—tough to believe it.” Or trust it.
from a crazy guy in a trench coat.
"Maybe you like touching just the head?" Dean keeps going, giving Cas a couple of strokes that end only a little bit below the flare. Cas bites his earlobe and returns the favor, and Dean can't stop himself from rocking into the short, sharp, teasing pulls. Cas ends it with an equally short, sharp suck on Dean’s earlobe. Holy fuck, that should not feel like it's his dick getting licked.
Dean runs a nervous hand through his hair. "Yeah. That's a thing we—I decided. When I'm here and not out there. Turns out, it's easier to figure out a new life if you've got a name that's never been on the FBI's Most Wanted."
With the kind of place this is, Dean's surprised the guy hasn't been run off already. Tough gig. He flashes his teeth. "Oh, yeah. Been to Hell and back."
(Cas, it turns out, loves Looney Tunes. Go figure. Though everyone, but everyone, stared at him when he started commenting on how Road Runner represents God, and Wil. E. Coyote represents man endlessly chasing the divine. It took about thirty seconds before Cas’s expression cracked and he started laughing at the lot of them. Goddamned angel.)
They get to Bobby's around mid-morning. Sam and Bobby head inside. There's a vague conversation going on through the door they left open about when Sam's going to need to isolate in the panic room again. Dean cares about that, he does, but there's something he has to do first.
There’s not much more to say, after that. The apocalypse is heavy on their shoulders again. Sam’s the one who hangs up, first.
Dean remembers the uncomplicated joy of giving Cas something he'd dreamed about his whole life, something Cas never thought he'd get. God, it was so easy, and all of it felt so good, even before Dean was inside him—Cas sprawled gasping on top of him with his face lit up with happiness, Dean’s fingers slipping carefully in and out of him. It's the kind of thing Dean thought only existed in novels and movies, but it happened to him, to
Castiel’s chin tips back, and he stares into Dean’s eyes, his head tilted. It takes a long time for him to answer. Dean’s not sure why he doesn’t try to look away.
Cas's smile turns warm and relieved. "Here."
Dean looks away. "And uh. Maybe." He clears his throat. "Maybe this isn't. I haven't. Um."
He doesn’t actually expect Cas to
he's not sorry at all.
does.
about this.
the right height for...
It feels so perfect, so right: it tilts through pleasure, into pain, and then over it and into fucking ecstasy. It felt amazing when Cas touched and traced and kissed it before—but it wasn't like this, nothing like this.
Cas gently removes his fingers and pets Dean any place he can reach while Dean remembers how to breathe and move at the same time.
than the last time."
Cas starts to answer, and pauses. His shoulders slump. "Trying?" He shrugs, "Failing." He laughs quietly to himself. “This feels a little like the night before I defended my thesis. My heart is racing and I’m so sure of what I know and yet…” He kicks a small nearby rock. “I feel like I know so little.”
"Death told us to," Cas answers, like it's the only answer necessary. Dean guesses it is.
"Dude!" Dean stares. "I definitely did not fucking sleep with her, what's wrong with you?"
"I have to go. I was in the middle of something delicate and I should get back," Cas explains. He’s not weaving on his feet anymore, at least. Sam thanks him again and gives him a solid handshake goodbye.
He places his palm against the door and takes a deep breath. The door opens in, the lights are on, the air conditioner is running and on the main center table is the bo—is Cas.
Pamela smirks, pinches Jimmy's ass (who squeaks a 'married!' at her and that's not information Dean had but thinks he should have) and moves to stand right in front of Cas. "Well. I don't want to toot my own horn, but I'm not just
Holy shit, Dean did that. He got Cas off. The wonder of it punches him almost as hard as every muscle in his pelvis tightening, his balls pressing up because he needs to come so bad, and then he's there, too.
"Hey, we can't all be fancy professor types in suits!" Dean teases back. Then he leans a hip on the table. "Hey... you know what? Tell me about yourself."
Dean stares. He's not sure if it's because it's an
When they burst through the door, it's so fucked up that Dean's
And if their dad had taken care of Adam the same way he'd taken care of them, rather than this apple pie pre-med existence that Adam got to live, would the kid and his mom still be alive?
Cas takes a piece of what looks like fried chicken skin, instead. He chews it thoughtfully and carefully before swallowing, making a small happy sound about it. Dean can't help but smile at it.
Dean says, very intelligently, "Huh?"
as the venom—it must have been the venom—starts getting seared out of his brain, leaving the world a lot less fuzzy and no less ugly.
"Nothin'. Matches your eyes." Dean presses a kiss to the worried wrinkle between Cas's eyebrows that he's getting to love so much. "Can't I get you a gift?"
Cas's eyes meet his. "No... buts. Your body is beautiful, Dean, inside and out. From your bones to your freckles." He shakes his head, slowly, not looking away. "Almost as if you were... crafted to be. Long before I ever reached out to touch you."
Cas casually strokes his cock in one loose, careful hand, kissing with slow, tongued intent. Dean's just about starting to make tiny little abortive thrusts against Cas’s palm when Cas pulls it away. There's a distant click of the bottle and then Cas’s other hand curves against his ass and pulls his cheeks a little apart. What feels like a finger starts a slow careful pressure over his hole.
like a stranger. Dean should be afraid.
of your brothers."
Sam's shoulders droop a little and he rubs the hint of mountain man he’s got going on his chin. "80/20? Depending on how this goes."
Dean doesn't ask why. It's not just that he knows the answer; it's that he understands the question.
The air is so thin and dry Dean has to take a few deep breaths just to feel like he's getting enough. He hopes they're either here long enough to acclimate—he sort of forgot about that—or here for so little time that it doesn't matter.
Dean's cock. Like he legitimately wants to
Dean showers again, but when he comes out, Cas is still getting ready. Cas is definitely fully angeled up again, and he’s moving like he’s comfortable rather than like he’s got weights on his shoulders for the first time in a long time: he could probably mojo his way back into clothing.
"Oh..." Cas murmurs, then shakes his head a little, looking between them both. Okay, they're going to have to talk about whatever that was, too, it looks like, "That is Zachariah." His lips twitch upwards at the corners. "I suppose you could just say I threatened my former boss. It was very satisfying."
"What are you doing?" Cas asks Jimmy, mildly. Jimmy seems to be holding Cas's hand up into the air by his wrist.
"Cas?" he murmurs.
"You cursed.
"’Deanna Novak?’" Jimmy asks, shaking his head and chuckling. "Still? Haven't you fixed that yet?"
They both know it's a lie.
He knows this could be a djinn. A dream. An angel mindfuck. That's the only way he gets what he wants.
Great.
The look Cas is giving him is about as keen an angelic stare as Dean's seen out of him in months. With the little curl of a smile winking around the corners of his mouth, though, and his lips swollen, kiss-bitten, that look is all Dean's to enjoy.
"Well, it looks like that's done," Dean says, the hoarseness of his voice more from grief than exertion.
After dinner, Cas still gravitates towards Dean seemingly without thought, still smiles at him for no apparent reason other than he wants to. He’s still there and present for the conversation, and even cracks an occasional joke. But Dean is counting the minutes until they're no longer around other people. He's not sure what he wants more, for it to come faster or for it to never come.
Cas draws his arm back. This time, he slides nimble fingers over Dean's left shoulder, leaving little sparkles of amusement and affection behind them.
Dean has absolutely no idea what Cas did with the small bottle of lube, but he has a feeling that won't be too much of an issue. He carefully untangles their fingers and presents his palm. "Lick."
Cas doesn't keep up 'casual' real well. He curls his head back on his neck, and considers. "I knew him," he tells the clouds overhead. "Not particularly well. He didn't bother to interact with my flight. Truly, I have to say that Lucifer didn't seem to like much of anyone."
"It had occurred to me," Cas admits. "Based on some of the... experiences I had. I just wasn't sure such a thing was possible."
"Wellllll…" Dean makes a face. "Not sure where the archangel fits in. And the surprise visit from the long-dead relative who is also a half-brother is more out of Dr. Sexy than the Waltons, but… kind of. I guess?"
Sam's been... what's the term? Groomed for this. Since even before Dean came back from the dead. Hell, the powers that be probably started leaning on Sam then
“I know,” Cas answers. “I like your energy. But please don’t pinch my butt.”
"Wait. He's alive?" he blurts. "In
brother why what he just said isn't cool, and I'll explain to
And if it weren't for the life, he'd never have found Cas, either.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean jerks and takes his hand off Cas’s, leaning forward. "You found something?"
Tonight’s one of the nights that Cas is off conferring with his super secret inside man/double agent, and Dean is sleeping fitfully. They haven't had a lot of time together since Chuck. On top of that, Sam is starting to get twitchy in a way that makes Dean worry. He hasn’t forgotten what Cas said about Sam and demon blood, but Dean would also swear that Sam hasn’t been juicing. Especially after their fight outside the motel.
Sam flicks his eyes back to the paper. "B+... Dean, that’s not bad considering how long you've been out of academia." He doesn’t say that Dean never even finished high school and while he was in it, never met a class he couldn’t fail.
Dean laughs, but it's a laugh full of tears. "We
It's after Claire goes up to bed—complaining the whole way that she's not tired, and having to be escorted by both her parents—that Sam asks Adam about the things Dean's been contemplating, too.
After a painful encounter with Alastair, and a possible concussion, they come up with an explanation—a fucking seal, again; the dead aren’t dying because the town reaper is dead. It gets them a witness, and a plan.
Dean turns his face away again. Under the blanket, the ring on his finger is so cold.
"We shouldn't," Cas sighs, regretfully. He doesn't exactly sound like he means it.
"All right. So, uh, what's the big demon problem you told me about?" Sam looks at Bobby expectantly, but his eyes go wide and panicked when he sees Bobby's hand on the door.
Michael frowns, and looks confused. For maybe a heartbeat, there’s something in it that’s weirdly childlike, like when Claire asks why she can’t have her dessert before dinner. "Where else would he be? It's his body."
"I really think I do," Dean husks, loving the small little shivers that run through Cas as Dean tries to remember the grip and speed he'd been shown just a little while ago. Well. Possibly not even twenty minutes, but definitely a lifetime, before.
But sometimes, just how much Cas has given up for him is just... it's so fucking
as loud as he can, and he's almost sure Cas can hear it.
"And me." Cas raises his hand up beside his ear, and Dean absolutely knows he's imitating a student.
Dean arches into all of it: simple, uncomplicated pleasure’s an old friend made new again, because it's Cas. Cas is pretty quickly becoming the person Dean has had sex with the most—Hell, probably already would be if not for the, y’know, apocalypse determined to keep ‘em busy and apart. Dean's forgotten that he can keep learning about someone long after he’s  spent those first hours exploring their entire body.
"You are an excellent battery charger, Dean," Cas tells him, perfectly seriously.
He and Sam don't talk about it as they're driving away from Windom, Minnesota, after.
Sam exclaims, "But it's to
"He might still be an ass to you. Don't smite him."
Cas shuffles backwards, a little more awkward than Dean might expect from someone he's seen be as graceful as Cas. It's adorable. Once Cas makes it up to eye level, Dean ropes one arm around his shoulders and gently tugs until Cas is tucked comfortably under his chin, one long arm slung over his belly. He’s careful to avoid the fullest parts.
That didn't occur to Dean, but yeah, with his hand cupped this way, Cas might feel his ring. Or maybe it's a whole metaphysical thing, but Dean doesn't have the brains for any of that right now.
manners.)
Something in Dean relaxes a little. He thinks he might actually want to, at some point, but he can only take so many heart-stopping events in a year. Them stopping the Apocalypse, Cas coming back to life
There’s a soft bed under his fingertips, sheets that are clean and smooth, a warm blanket over his legs. He’s cold, but it’s not the empty chill he’s started to become used to. There’s something missing, but he’s too tired to figure out what. The pull of warm sleep is so strong and Dean thinks nothing of curling harder into… into…
Cas has been so careful with Dean in this way. He only ever reaches out to take just as much as Dean is willing to offer in the open, and he’s never reached out for more. With them touching like this, he can feel Cas's reluctance to take even this much comfort in such a public space. But Dean can also feel Cas's anger and sadness and hopelessness, and how he just needs
"They're homemade," Cas's little niece says, yanking hard on Michael’s sleeve and pointing at the cookie like this is really important. She scowls at him like she’s annoyed she has to explain this again. "You have to eat it. While it's warm. That's what makes it special."
Yeah, that sounds about right. They shuffle back into the main research area of the house. Bobby eventually points to the middle menu. "That place isn't bad, it'll deep fry just about anything. Try the oreos, they'll knock your socks off."
"No." Dean jabs a finger at his face. "We don't make those kinds of choices."
He can literally feel Cas's brain short-circuit briefly, Cas going tense against him, before a warm, wet and fucking agile tongue is all over Dean's hand. Wow, that does not help his self-control, but Dean holds on with all of his might until his hand is positively soaked.
Okay,
Cas gives him a snooty look down the bridge of his nose. "That's just... reinforcing a spiritual connection,” he huffs. “That it happens to feel good is very incidental."
Cas sighs with what looks like exasperation. "It will only require a touch, Sam. And this is important."
"Y-yes, maybe..." he pants, like he's answering a question that Dean didn't even ask. "I think so."
And then he wants, more than anything in the world, to hole up somewhere comfortable and wrap himself around Cas. And, finally, sleep.
Sam finishes holstering his gun. Dean didn’t even realize he moved to stand beside him. "So, you... talk to angels?"
Cas downs his in one go, but there's a flush that creeps up his neck and cheeks nearly immediately. Dean eyes him curiously. He shrugs. "The wards. In order to be inside of them, my grace is suppressed. It's a bit like what happens when I’m close to you, only on a grander scale."
Dean loses time to the feeling of his finger sliding deeper and deeper into a hot, tight place and he can't quite put the idea that his cock is eventually going to follow out of his mind. In fact, it might be driving him a little crazy. If that doesn't do it, then Cas's uneven breathing and occasional hitch of hips
It takes three more tense days of following omens and trying to rescue babies (and sometimes, goddammit, failing) before Sam reaches out again. This time, it's through an anonymous email to Bobby disguised as some very remarkable spam. (No one’s ever said Sam wasn’t smart.) He forwards it along to Cas and Dean.
Something Crowley said suddenly makes sense to Dean. Something about an angelic tramp stamp invalidating the entire contract.
Dean makes it to the table, inches from Cas, but it takes longer to unclench his fist and reach out. Cas keeps looking at him like he thinks Dean is going to disappear into mist, when
a reckless, suicidal sonofabitch.
Dean falls into violence the way skydivers pour through the sky: controlled freefall, familiar, white-noise and the thump of his fists. Amelia cringes back against the wall. Sam's got the kid and is hauling ass with her out of the room. Honestly, Dean's grateful. He just wishes the wife would go with them.
Instead, in the silence, Dean chokes back what sounds like a sob and it’s all the worse for being unexpected. Castiel’s heart fractures at the pain in it.  "Dean," he says, whisper-quiet, from the doorway. Dean doesn't react and Castiel is too afraid to try harder.
Dean's smile widening makes it worth it.
Dean nods, but also, he’s getting the feeling there's going to be inappropriate heavy petting happening at the same time as this ‘sorting.’ (He's not opposed to the idea.)
He strides into the kitchen just in time to see Cas flip a pancake with one careful little tip of his wrist, Bobby watching him curiously from the bench table they use as a dining table.
He doesn't. But he does put a hand between them, and Dean feels the soft clench of Cas's fingers closing around his own cock, sees his eyes rolling up as his mouth falls open.
Score. Dean laughs a breathless, giddy laugh. Cas presses sloppy and uncoordinated kisses into his neck and shoulder. Dean's breathing heavily and his legs are sliding down, no longer having the energy or tension to stay bent and upright. The gentle thud of the backs of his knees hitting the bed jostles both of them just enough to wring out one more shiver of pleasure.
Dean sort of forgot he had an arm propped up underneath him so he could watch, in addition to the one whose hand is in Cas’s hair, but it nearly collapses under him. He can't keep still anymore when he feels Cas's nose nudge right into the cloth of his boxers, feels the tight squeeze around the head of his cock—oh, holy fuck. Dean might not have much experience sucking dick, but he sure as hell can't do
"Hunting," Dean confirms. He spots the mail that he put down on the coffee table hours ago. He grabs that second envelope. "Also, other things."
He catches sight of a familiar highway sign drawing closer. They're about seven hours out from Bobby's place, which means Dean's been asleep for around ten to twelve hours total. He feels like he could do another ten, easy.
Dean blinks. That sounds… pretty awful. Dean doesn't know if he's jealous of those other guys or not. He doesn't think so, though. That's not what that little achy knot in his throat is.
The skeletal man in a suit smiles, thinly. "Lucifer does not realize he is an ant, too."
Ruby—because of course it's fucking Ruby—is the one who smirks. "Well, big man, unless you're planning to keep your little buddy locked up here in your little sex dungeon..." She spreads her hands and flicks a finger like she's pinging the demon ward she can't get through, even with the door open. "Don't rightly know what you're planning to do to stop it."
Castiel pauses, shuffling, a little torn and Dean's stern facade visibly melts.
Dean's given hand jobs before. Gotten them, from guys. And sure, they felt fine. Good enough. Nothing special, though. They never got naked; it was never anything but a rushed, sometimes messy affair.
They spend the rest of the morning getting set up. With a plan in place, Dean can go over all weapons they might need and can carry. His gun gets cleaned, his blades sharpened, and just to be safe, he checks the spray cans, holy water jugs, and salt reserves. It's all as it should be. Last, but not least, Cas pulls out the narrow wooden box that's been living at the bottom of Dean's—their—duffel.
Dean chuckles, shakily. "It, uh... it ain't you."
“Only Jimmy knew about my dreams, though. I knew well enough to keep those to myself. I never stopped having them: sometimes beautiful, sometimes terrifying.” He glances at Dean, and the tip of his tongue flickers to brush against his upper lip as he licks it. “Sometimes quite magnificent.”
And he hits Zachariah square in the nose.
surprised at the next kiss: it's slow, but it's not soft, Cas's tongue dipping in and in and in like he can't get enough of Dean's taste.
Charlie grabs Dean by the ears to drag him down to her level and turns his head back and forth. "Handmaid," she announces, "this time sharing deal is clearly not working out for you. Luckily, your queen is here with your salvation!"
But Cas's fingers ease gently under the edge of Dean's shirt, helping untuck it from where it got snagged under his weight... well, that's warm and nice, a little tickly. The knot in Dean's chest unwinds a little.
Bobby holds the box close to his chest. "Keep it up and you're not getting any."
succeeded in getting me outta the hot box.” He smiles, nasty. “And I bet that galls you, too."
Which, well, considering that it took most of Dean's strength to even get onto his back, because his head is swimming and his legs feel like noodles, he sort of gets the feeling. But Dean's not an angel, fallen or not. He lets himself feel that little curl of pride to go along with the, well, lack of bones.
The Toreador (R-ED are the only letters that are actually working) Motel is exactly the kind of dump that Dean and Sam normally stay at. Dean knows just where to find his brother—corner pocket room, right off what passes as a fire escape in a place like this.
Cas nods and takes a small sip, his eyes meeting Dean's over the top of it as those full, dry lips curve over the metal rim. Dean licks his own.
Now that Dean thinks about it, there weren't any pictures of them in the Novak house—and there were plenty of Amelia, of Claire, of Jimmy and Cas.
The knee at his hip tightens just a little. Cas doesn't quite lift his head, though, so his next words are mumbled into Dean's chest, and Dean can't quite understand them. Cas squirms closer. Yeah, there's gonna be no guard duty angel tonight if Dean has anything to say about it.
When he bends in, the kiss is careful and slow, just an easy flirt of tongues, tight lips as they both smile into it. Dean doesn't know when this began to feel so familiar, like sinking into the Impala's purr as she goes down the highway. He presses Cas back against the headboard, and the feel of bare calves sliding over each other isn't familiar yet... but Dean likes it. A lot.
Sam's on top of him, pinning him, hands reaching for his throat, howling something about "the brother I deserve." Dean kicks out with both legs, his foot jamming hard on Sam's hip and sending him flying into the bed. Dean's joints are loose and easy, and his head is clear as he gets back to his feet. His shoulder pulses, but it doesn’t hurt anymore.
Cas lets him go, briefly, something happening that involves a little bit of wiggling just out of Dean's line of sight, and then he's being covered by something warm and familiar-smelling. Rather than pulling up the blanket, Cas has wrapped them in his trench coat. It's his second favorite thing to do with that trench, apparently.
The barn they're in is old, and from the still, musty smell in the air, it hasn't been used in so long that the hay bales have gone old and crackly. Good. The fewer human beings around for this shit, the better.
Castiel blinks. "Sweetheart?"
It says something when even
It's not that sex solves problems; Jesus, Dean knows that it doesn’t. It's that they both just took a bit of a whirlwind tour of each other's emotions. Dean never knew someone else's joy could taste sweet on the back of his tongue, but it does. Or at least, Cas's does.
The rhythm Cas has set up on top of him is so fluid and so good, it's like they've been doing this forever. When Dean lifts up a hand and rests it on Cas’s flank, the feel of those muscles moving in a powerful roll underneath his fingers is making him want to grip and touch and just never let go.
But the position Cas's head is in puts his ear right in front of Dean's mouth. Dean grins and puffs a little cool breath of air right into Cas's ear, and follows it up with a slow lick up his earlobe.
bad things about the state of Cas's grace.
amazing," Dean agrees. Cas rolls his eyes. "And I dunno about you, but I like my memories of that night," Dean continues. Then he grins, pleased. "I get the feeling you'll be wearing my clothes again, today, these ones are pretty wrecked."
Yeah, Dean is also definitely a fan of all this. But he's still relieved when Cas slides out his fingers from inside himself, tucking into Dean's to take it with him, because he already had to stop stroking them for how close he was getting. When Cas pushes himself back higher on his knees, it pulls his cock out from the snug tunnel of Dean's hand. It also gives Dean a holy fucking hell of a view: his very own angel, kneeling naked over him, hard and wanting and licking those pink lips again in a way that Dean never wants to stop.
Dean clenches his fist hard enough that he can feel his fingernails dig into his skin. "Well, I got some news for you: on at least one front, you ain't as observant as you think you are."
He stills in the same way at the pressure of blanket over his feet, though, so Castiel doesn’t think too much of it--until Dean's hand shoots out and grabs his wrist.
Uriel leaves him with an ultimatum that sinks into the pit of his stomach. Fuck, no. Not Sam. Anyone but Sam.
"This okay?" Dean asks, while the hand in Castiel's hair cards through the strands carefully, coming to rest with a palm warm and dry against Castiel’s cheek.
It occurs to Dean that this is probably not a trap, because Cas would have had to tell Anna how to reach him and he’s pretty sure Cas wouldn’t accidentally let that slip, even under torture. But he doesn't actually know what he's walking in on, either. So when they pull up to a generic-looking house on an ordinary-looking block of Midwest suburbia, Dean has no idea what's going to happen after he knocks on the door.
Dean shudders, forehead dropping to touch Castiel's. "That..." his voice cracks. "That sounds fun. Just maybe not tonight?"
"May I have one of your credit cards?" Cas holds out one elegant hand, palm up, open and waiting. "I'll secure this room while you call your brother. I'd use one of mine, but I suspect I’ve been declared missing, and possibly presumed dead."
For a brief moment, he really wants to say 'angel jizz' because Sam deserves to have that burned into his memory for this bullshit. Dean refrains only because it's
Dean shrugs. Okay then. "So, what, you're just gonna take some divine bong hit, and, shazam, you're Michael Landon?"
But it's also Castiel who wiggles a bit when the door slams closed, and mumbles, "Are there spicy pork rinds?"
None of them say that this might not be a play act. Not out loud, anyway.
Dean snarls out the first accusation: “Well, I don't know when it happened. Maybe when I was in Hell. Maybe when I was staring right at you. But the Sam I knew, he's gone.” Everything is different and Dean didn’t ask for any of it. Didn’t need any of it (only maybe he did, but that voice is muffled, finally muffled).
It's everything like when Cas licks and pets it, and nothing like it at all. It's like the little sips of love and connection and support he gets from Cas are just little drops in a huge well of those feelings, and Cas just dumped a bucketful of them over his head.
"You're kind of a loser, you know?" Dean jeers. "Only skeevy assholes need to drug people to get off."
"I'm a mess," Dean mutters, and tries to squirm out from under Cas to... to... he's not even sure, because he doesn't want to let go, and he doesn't actually want to move from where he is. He feels Cas smile as much as he sees it, because Dean's having a hard time looking him in the eyes right now.
(See the end of the chapter for
It’s not. Dean’s gut drops from where he hadn’t even realized it had risen.
He's suddenly nervous. It's not like they haven't done this before—actually, y’know, sleeping-sleeping together—but the last time, there'd been sex first, and that, at least, seems like the proper order of things. Then Cas is there, warm and pliant, but also solid in a way that's really comforting.
"Oh, Dean," Cas sighs. "You are worth so much more." He leans in and captures Dean's lips again. "You are so full of love. You love so deeply, and what they let happen to you in Hell, what Heaven wanted from you… it was an abomination. But they couldn’t make your soul any less bright."
Dean’s got no problem with girls; of course he doesn’t. Maybe he should be happy he’s making it with a hot redhead in this story. But he also just knows the reality of it was so much better than any of this bullshit: so much hotter, so
Dean doesn't remember falling asleep and he certainly doesn't remember waking up.
"That depends," Cas answers, a bit tartly. "Are you checking to ensure that I am truly one of the family, so that you might call upon my pancake magic whenever you wish? Or because you want to steal me away from Dean and have me for your own?"
After, Cas kisses him softly in Baby’s front seat, regret tinging every movement. "I should go,” he sighs. “I need to start putting feelers out for information. If you need me, pray."
"So," Dean says once Cas feels more sturdy. "You gonna let me in on whatever it was you and Anna were talking about?"
Like it's the most obvious thing in the world.
When he can't get anything else out, Dean reaches out with his other hand and touches Cas's face, fingers skimming his cheekbone and jaw, remembering what the feel of Cas's stubble does to the tips of fingers.
Cas just bends back down and kisses him softly through it, and Dean does what he can to just hold on this and not think about how lucky they got—how lucky Dean got. Even here, with Cas’s chest warm atop his through Dean’s thin t-shirt, he's suddenly having a tough time again believing he gets this. He still expects to wake up in the back of the Impala, Cas's body wrapped in a tarp in the trunk, Dean's life all-but-over.
Dean steps closer to him, and his voice isn’t stern anymore. "Look, I just think only having one blanket is a dumbass reason for one of us to get a shitty night's sleep. Okay?"
It's rare that they've got cases in the middle of big cities, and even when they do, they normally stay at highway motels off the exits—people don't ask as many questions. But they've been here before: Denver's gotten crowded enough that just driving in and out on a weekday leaves Dean riding the brake while people struggle their way into the city from the 'burbs.
“Not everything.” Cas passes Dean the papers so he can read them. Dean skims to the beginning of the… scene… that they were talking about, and puts the papers back down before he throws up all over them. "We already know that some of his current writings about recent events,” he points to the pile Dean was looking through earlier, “have things in them that are downright wrong. Is this because of Chuck aiming for something he can more easily sell to a new publisher, or simple translation errors inside his own brain? I don't know."
Oh. Shit. What? What was that?
"I like it," Cas tells him, like he knows what Dean's thinking. Dean's eyes almost cross when Cas does... something inside himself, an intentional little squeeze around their mingled fingers. "I like the feel of this, all of this, with you, and I know that, now." His nose crinkles in a saucy, satisfied grin. "Please resign yourself to quite a lot of nakedness in the future."
Castiel pauses with one knee already on the mattress. "This is fine?"
By the time Cas's tongue is brushing against the next fingertip, and the next, and the next, Dean's shuddering under him, his hips jerking in uncoordinated little twists. He collapsed the rest of the way back to the bed long ago, and Cas followed him down. Dean's teeth are clenched together to swallow the soft, needy sounds he's making.
Dean's sweating; his arms are trembling, and truthfully, he doesn't have much more in him. Cas is the best thing he's ever felt and there's so much going on that he's having trouble keeping that final surge of pleasure at bay.
Then Dean gets to what he thinks Sam was beating around the bush about.
, and gets twisted past redemption? I can’t imagine that he—"
Great. The day’s getting better and better.
A vague memory of something, a tidbit of a letter to Penthouse Dean once read probably over a decade ago, pops into his head. The hand not holding carefully, reverently, onto Cas's cock reaches out and gently cups his balls, slowly rolling them like Cas had. Cas sighs softly into it, but then Dean keeps going, slides his hand a little further back.
Dean doesn't move. He sets his knee up in front of him and rests his forehead on his kneecap. "How?" he asks, talking into the fabric of his jeans. "How are you... what the fuck is a metaphysical injury, Cas?!"
Charlie mutters, "Huh, I didn't realize you could do that with tentacles."
The hand on his shoulder is so gentle, and he knows Cas would let go if Dean pulled away.
Dean waits to see if there's anything left—if Cas feels the need to confess more sins that, in a way, aren't really sins. Sort of. When none come out, Dean takes a deep breath and asks the question he's been afraid to ask since Anna first mentioned it. "How pissed will Michael be when he finds out?"
(Also, Dean eventually wants 'I'm so fucking happy we're alive' sex, and he does have
Castiel looks down at himself, confused, but pleased. "I thought those were vestigial," he murmurs, then realizes it's the first time he's spoken in awhile.
Images—naked, sweaty and undulating—flash in front of Dean's eyes, which have crossed again. "Oh no," Dean drawls dryly, when he has some of his breath back. "Anything but that." He deliberately arches his finger outward and away from Cas's long fingers, putting a little more pressure into the stretch, and is rewarded with another one of those full-body shivers. Yeah, okay, Dean believes him, Cas is
Right, Dean is definitely going to have to ask Cas about that.
Dean almost sputters. Okay, it's not like Jimmy
Well, bring it on.
All three of them stare at each other. Dean's peripherally aware that he can’t hear Jimmy, Amelia and Claire in the main area of the house anymore, so Cas must have relocated them into the panic room quickly, before he came to the door. If dinner gets burnt because of this asshole, Dean's stabbing him right here, neighbors be damned.
He’s so fucking gorgeous.
Cas blinks innocently. "I was aiming for both. I admit, I had my preferences as to the order, but I can be open-minded about it..."
It's perfect. It's almost perfect. Next to his head, Dean’s hand clenches tightly into the bedding. "Let me hear you," Castiel pleads, as Dean rubs against him. With the edge taken off, he can see the sweat at Dean's hairline and touch the desperation in the line of his back. "Please, I want to."
Dean almost misses the slight smirk. Oh, Cas means it in every way possible. He definitely wants to care for Dean but… "Yeah, how come your version of ‘caretaking’ involves more orgasms than mine?"
Then Cas’s gaze searches Dean’s face—lips, nose, cheek, forehead—and he licks his lips. When he meets Dean’s eyes again, the blue is just a thin rim around his pupils in the dark. “Please,” he says. “I want to know you.”
Goes fucking
Sam twists enough to look at him incredulously. "You sucker-punched me, kicked me once… and then went right to him and started whaling on him! That's 'he got me, too?'" Sam makes quotation marks with his fingers.
Dean throws on his clothes, snarling the whole way through about stubborn brothers and their idiotic ideas about revenge and being strong. Dean knows he's kind of a hypocrite right now,  but fucking Christ, what the hell was Sammy thinking?
"Cas take you somewhere good?" Sam asks, but his eyes are still squeezed shut and his mouth is set in a grim line.
"Cool it, rock star," Bobby says, dryly. "We just wanna talk."
"Not." Dean says firmly. "What Sam was probably talking about is this." Dean holds up his right hand and shows off the gleaming ring. He's noticed it never gets dirty, never scratches, and nothing ever seems to stick to it—not grease, not even soap. "It's made from a reforged angel blade. You know, the things that can kill most angels and demons? Apparently it doesn't need to be all stabby stabby to pack a punch."
Dean rolls his eyes. "For the love of all that--" He breathes out heavily and his shoulders drop. He waves a hand aimlessly at… nothing that Castiel can see. "Just get in the bed. I am too damn tired to do this right now."
Dean's never had a male body lying across his before today, not like this. The weight of Cas, how solid he is, feels like a gift even with Cas holding himself a little above. Presumably that's so he doesn't squash Dean, but Dean reaches out both hands and tucks them firmly against Cas's back, pulling his full weight down against his own chest.
“Uncle Cassie helped!” she told him. “That’s why the paint’s not smooth.”
actually seen in real life, just, well, in porn. Because he's pretty sure that's a vibrator, that's a dildo, and over at the end, that curved metal thing? That's a plug.
Jimmy is not impressed with their story, especially because Dean avoids the topic of Cas completely—well as much as he can. If Cas sent them here instead of coming himself, there’s probably a reason. Maybe it was because he's not ready to see his brother yet.
, why is it always blood). Castiel’s hand is red with it. His fingers come open, and he drops a piece of glass to the floor, smeared dark. He catches the sleeve of his trench coat before it sags into the open wound on his forearm.
Shit. He doesn't want to send Sam out there on his own. But Jimmy's useless and still unwarded and bleeding onto the floor, and Cas looks like he couldn't smite a puppy right now. If someone came for Jimmy once, they're gonna do it again.
And that's it. Dean's done, he's gone.
"Oh God," he gasps. "Sorry. Sorry. That's just… not the question I was expecting."
Dean's eyes roll back and he shudders so hard he feels it in his toes. Holy fuck, holy
"Hey," he says. "Whatever it is? We'll deal with it. Capisce?"
Okay then, tough crowd. Dean sips more coffee for something to do.
"Helps that you’re not paying out the nose for it, though, right?" But this time Sam's leaning in like it's a conspiracy.
Their hands cling. Cas pulls him gently down until they're both mostly horizontal. Cas pets down his sides, his back, runs fingers through his hair. Dean, for the most part, is still stunned. His mind is mostly blank, but a good blank. Cas kisses his temple, his nose, his jaw. Dean tilts his head and pulls a sweet kiss from Cas's lips before letting his head tip downwards
Okay, that wasn't what he meant to say.
Cas hasn't let go of him, not with either hand. But his expression is a little sad. "I did. Well... my body did." He blinks, slowly. "Oh, Dean, I didn't realize you truly thought... I'm sorry." The hand that was at his scalp slides sideways, and the palm that rasps gently against the stubble on Dean's cheek does feel a little different: callused, hard, not soft-skinned. "We'll talk about this more later." He looks meaningfully down at the ground just to the side of them.
Cas shakes his head and looks directly at Sam. "No. That is, quite frankly, disturbing,” he continues. “What's interesting is the deal she offers before that happens."
"Well," Dean says, twining their hands tighter. "Far as I'm concerned, you are the miracle twin, and I'm pretty sure Jimmy would back me on that one. You've got a damned good family." He feathers his thumb back and forth against a tense finger. "And I'm really glad you didn't become a priest. I mean, I ain't devout or anything, but I think I'd've felt kind of weird about that."
He doesn’t even know why he’s going to pieces. Cas is a pretty-eyed stranger. But he doesn’t
But it's not that time or that place, and Dean isn't that person. Not yet, or at least, not right now.
"Do not," Cas says, tightly, "touch him."
"Wait," Sam says, looking genuinely confused. His hair swishes over his shoulder as he tilts his head from side to side. "Twenty years? Four years?"
"Search the place for hex bags," the grumpy one instructs his lackeys before turning his attention to Dean. That expression on his face is probably supposed to resemble a smile. "Allow me to introduce myself. My name is Zachariah, and you two are a pain in my ass."
But the scene when they screech up to the sight of a little sedan on a side road is even more fucked up than Dean thought.
There’s no room for him to take a pause; Cas doesn’t take one. Cas's thighs shake under Dean's hands as he slowly lowers himself in one long and careful stroke, all the way down. Oh, God, Dean didn’t expect that—Cas settles against the cradle of Dean's hips like he was always meant to be there and Dean's already out of breath from the feel and look of it. He forgot how completely overwhelming it was to be snugly tucked into Cas's body, hot and needy, waiting for more and wanting
Dean is waiting for Sam to finish his business when the sketch book catches his eye. He picks it up carefully, paging through the images he's already seen. The new stuff at the end is a bit muddled. Some shadows. A criss cross of chains. A very strange-looking lion's head.
“Kind of terrifying.”
Dean laughs quietly. He doesn’t sound upset. "Yeah, Cas, I got that."
He brings their hands upwards and presses his lips to Cas's knuckles, swallowing some tears back.
But Sam takes one deep breath, and lets it out. His voice is more steady when he says, "I've got ten minutes. And a plan."
"Listen to you. My hot professor," Dean says, waggling his eyebrows.
Sam slowly moves his arm: there's a wince, but he seems to have full range of motion. Cas goes to finish the job, but Sam stops him before Dean can. "I'm good."
Cas takes a few steps closer to Dean, where he's sitting at the table. Below everyone's eye-line, he presses their calves together briefly. Dean nods slightly in thanks.
The next pictures, though... Dean doesn't know what to think of those, either: the curve of a hand resting on a table, fingertips tapping around a bottle of beer with a label half picked-off. A pair of familiar eyes, staring out of the page: his own. There are little sun-lines at the corners, and a thick fan of eyelashes.
"Everything?" Dean can't help but ask. He's still got only one eye barely open. His entire body is pliant and heavy, like there's weights attached to his extremities.
Cas chews on his lower lip, eyes distant. "Maybe," he finally admits. "I have... a few friends remaining. Not many, though. I'll have to think about it."
Cas drops his head. "James." He pauses and then corrects himself. "Jimmy. I know. I
That stops everyone.
Dean blinks. He’s learning more about angels and their vessels today than he has in the year and more since he’s been kind of
"Dean?" Cas is leaning over him, back in his eye-line, alive and breathing and full of color. His baby blues are wide and worried. "I'm here, Dean. I'm here."
Dean's eyebrows waggle and twitch, and Castiel wonders if he's going to wake up. But Dean's sigh has so much relief to it when his shoulders sink in, under the heavy edge. Castiel knows just how that feels.
Cas still has a few streaks of dried blood on his face, but the bruises are gone. His lips are full and whole. When he shifts on the table to swing his legs over the edge, he's moving easily, gracefully again.
Thanks for reading!!
"He's one of the good guys," Dean promises. "We'll talk about it when the shit's outta your system."
They all stare at him. Dean sees Sam’s mouth open and close a little. It can’t be
Cas brings him in for a soft, soft kiss. One hand, the one not holding the lube, comes back up, and strokes Dean’s cheek. When he backs off, he looks so patient. "Dean, I do not think I would ever say no to you… well, barring certain circumstances such as shared bathroom walls.” Cas smiles a little sheepishly, and that makes the weird twisting tension in Dean’s belly ease up a little. “But I am uncomfortable relying solely on our connection to communicate during sex."
It’s not the first time he and Sam have dealt with psychics-or-something, but it’s the first time they’ve gone looking for one that demons are trying to eat.
we're done here." Dean says quickly, turning on his heel to leave the room.
"Roll over," Dean murmurs, sounding slurred, more than half-asleep already.
Dean’s pants, because wouldn’t that be a hell of an accident. Dean demands Cas stay all the way on the other side of the room when he practices a swing, because fuck if he's gonna accidentally maim Cas now.
Doesn't make Dean feel any less shitty about it. Hell, if anything, that probably makes it worse. It's almost a relief when Sam digs out the kicker that the guy's spent 9 big Gs for some 'adult entertainment' at a nudie bar.
Cas drops in the middle of all of them with his wings spread wide. Dean can feel the burn and whiffle of the feathers whipping across his face—holy shit he's never felt that before—and the shadows of them sprawl across every surface of this little room.
“Huh?” is all Dean’s stunned tongue manages to get out.
But oh, sonofabitch, he really wants to try.
and close and everything that this is right now. And not getting it. Cas thinking that he would
Sam narrows his eyes like he thinks Dean's joking. "And you and him are... sleeping together?"
He's not as good at that... radiating thing that Cas does, but he tries.
Dean thinks he might need to consider prescription medication. This is nuts, all of it is nuts.
, suspended a couple of inches above Dean with the head of Dean's cock still wedged inside him, and the jarring stop in the rhythm makes Dean's control a thing of the past. His hips jerk desperately upwards, filling Cas up where he's holding himself high. Dean really didn't intend to do that, but the sudden, delicious squeeze of it makes Dean moan.
But Cas’s back is a little bowed, and his shoulders are slumped. Sometimes it feels like it's always Cas reaching out to touch Dean, comfort him. Why can't it be the other way around, sometimes? Carefully, Dean reaches out and rests his palm on the tiny strip of skin showing at the back of Cas's neck.
Cas absolutely deserves whatever he needs to keep him making those tiny happy growls and biting his lip in pleasure; Dean's toes curl a little harder into the mattress, looking for just a tiny bit more push, shoving himself upwards in a way that makes his back twang. “Yes,” Cas groans. “Yes, like that.”
"I'm not going anywhere," Cas murmurs. "Not even if I were sure my legs could support me." He leans in to kiss the salt tracks off Dean's face before resting their foreheads together. "Dean, if it's alright with you, I'd prefer never to leave your side again."
“Cas,” he says, softly, and trails off. ‘I’m sorry’ doesn’t seem enough. Isn’t that like someone telling Dean he can never get behind Baby’s wheel again?
"I mean… Dean, if it’s real, I don’t think it could get better than this. I trust you guys," Sam says when Dean's done. God, even after six months, that's still such a good thing to hear after that year of lies and bullshit.
Dean snorts. “Right?”
"I've seen them do this before: distract a battlefield commander who was just a hair too good at their job." Cas shrugs, looking away, and then glancing briefly at Dean. "I've seen them redirect what should have been the ‘right’ plan to something that fit their notion of convenience... It's what makes me think the emphasis on Lilith, alongside their strange incompetence about the other seals, is suspect. Lilith and her troops alone can’t be responsible for warding off the whole host of Heaven."
"He's going to get you killed." Jimmy says in a low voice. He's shaking. It's been a long day for him and Dean doesn't begrudge the man his worries. Dean thinks it, too; has thought it before. "Again."
"Really?" Dean's smiling, a small happy smile. His body feels more alive already. "I dunno, I find it kind of soothing."
As he washes his hands, his reflection in the cracked mirror is colorless. His lips are grey. He doesn’t think it’s just the incredibly harsh, shitty lighting.
Dean winces. Terrible, terrible fucking timing, Sammy.
He cradles Cas's cock in his palm, bare skin to bare skin, and when he carefully presses it up against Cas's belly, it's warm and thick and alive in his hand.
Dean's hands curl into fists. Before he can say any of the things on the tip of his tongue, Tessa comes back and asks for his help.
They both shiver. It's not much—hell, they're still not even naked. But being slotted together like this feels right.
Dean's vision whites at the edges and he gets one loud "Fu—" out before Cas slaps one hand over his mouth. He's looking down at Dean with dark intense eyes and their hips move to slightly sharper motions. Yeah, that's not gonna last long. Cas collapses forward again, his other hand landing next to Dean's head, crumpling the bedding with effort, using it as leverage to push down into Dean’s hand, sharp and perfect.
Dean tugs Cas a few feet away. "Doing okay there, champ?"
He should be nodding, not able to look away from the curve of Cas's mouth when Dean's angel deliberately licks his lips. Yup, that's exactly what he should be doing.
Cas blinks, but he nods. "I capisce."
Then again, Dean hasn't hunted anything in over four months. And even that was an accident that he and Cas tripped over while Cas was authenticating some old book that was at an estate sale. They agreed it should be taken care of as long as they were there, because no small town deserves a djinn. On the whole, Dean’s not looking for hunts anymore, and that's also a little crazy for him.
Dean snorts, and Cas frowns. Yeah, that still goes to show that as much as Cas has been human, he doesn't get shit about human nature sometimes.
is even worse.. The questions of whether God is watching or not, aware or not, or angry or not, are ones Dean can't even begin to think too hard about. What he does say is, "Don't get me wrong, Cas, I'm glad you're here, but that gives me the heebie-jeebies."
He twists upwards into Cas again, whose body welcomes him with the best tight grip he's ever felt. Cas spills again, crying out again, more hot come painting Dean's stomach even as he rolls down onto Dean like his life depends on it.
Dean knows better than to blush when Bobby's looking at him, but he also can't do anything about the way the back of his neck burns at that. "Huh. I dunno, Cas,” he admits. “Nothing's different. I'm fine. Sam’s…” Sam’s not fine. “Sam’s safe. We're at Bobby's, everything should be secure..."
He swings. Left-handed.
Castiel blinks. “Oh. No, I wouldn’t know how to do that. I think…” he looks at the smears on the mirror with a weird kind of calm. “I think that banished them. Sent them away. I hope, far away.”
Cas looks deeply amused. He's reached over and started patting Dean's back, gently, in what could only be a vaguely sarcastic manner. "No, Jimmy. Nothing like that."
"I did knock—"
is standing there, his face twisted with righteous fury as Dean’s least favorite angel crumples at his feet. He’s a vision, dark-haired, face intense, and if Uriel hadn't just bit it like the asshole that he is, Dean might think he's hallucinating.
Castiel hands find themselves clinging to Dean's soft shirt--holding him close, making sure he can't move too far away when their lips part. Castiel’s lungs are heaving: he might actually be shaking. He can't stop smiling when Dean rests their foreheads together, even though all he wants to do is wrest Dean back to his lips.
Cas looks down at Dean, and strokes his face gently, patiently. Waiting.
"No! No, Dean, don't... she's here," Sam whispers. "She's here, and... don't go."
So Dean’s not at all prepared for Cas to mirror his actions, the feeling of callused fingertips fumbling on his cock through the slit of his boxers sending shivers of pleasure through him. Fuck, yes.
"I didn't realize until my grace was running so low," Cas admits. "But whenever I touch you—or you touch me—I... feel it brighten again. All the more so when we're touching intimately." He pulls his head back to look Dean in the eyes from very close, that worried little crease appearing between his eyebrows. "I truly didn't know, the first few times. It took me a while to recognize it. And that's not—it's not why I—"
It all takes a minute to really coordinate. Dean's still on edge. Though the cliff receded slightly while he concentrated on Cas, he's still not far from it. Eventually, Dean figures out that he can leave his fist mostly still and let Cas fuck into it when Dean's thrust carries them forward.
Dean wants to keep staring at Cas’s cock moving in and out of his hand, but some part of his brain must be thinking beyond 'fuck, God, more, more,' and he ducks his head into the curve of Cas's shoulder instead.
But a voice that Dean knows, doesn't know, starts...
Sam laughs, “Uh… that’s… wow, that’s a very long story. Anyway, are you planning to, um… go back to school? I really doubt Michael has any idea what kind of bureaucracy life entails."
Eventually Cas starts righting them and Dean makes a small noise in protest. Too soon! His hands clutch at Cas's coat.
Sam takes it, puzzled, and before he even looks down at it, smirks and asks, "Are you getting home shopping catalogs now, Dean? Because really—"
(Dean's afraid that Cas might be right about that.)
Or, maybe, doesn't
Dean shudders all over.
They're really beyond much of anything other than broken breathing, sloppy kisses and generally uncoordinated movements. So when Cas suddenly laughs, croaky and choked-off but genuine-sounding, Dean blinks in surprise.
The past six months have been the most surreal in Dean Winchester’s life, and all of that came
Cas spreads his hands, but for once, that intense attention of his isn't on Dean. He's looking at Sam with a sad sort of gentleness. "You were, until recently, very much the only option for Lilith's demise, I agree. I don't know whose side Ruby is on, and I won’t guess. I think it's possible that she doesn't know about the final seal."
Cas doesn't say anything about the clothes situation, though. Maybe, maybe, he's just as pleased at the idea of wearing Dean's clothes as Dean is about seeing him in them.
Cas groans so deep, Dean's dick can feel it.
sliding against the wall of his insides until—
that something rights itself in Dean's world.
"I can't find you." Cas doesn't sound panicked, but he sounds worried. Maybe a little scared. "You felt... upset. Heartsick. And then I couldn't find you..."
Sam thinks Dean’s hook-ups last six hours? Dean would take that as a compliment, ordinarily.
"Oh. I'm good," Cas says, his voice absolutely wrecked—and dear God, that's hot. It sends a little shiver through Dean's already wrung-out body. "This was for you." He tucks his head further into Dean's shoulder. Almost... shyly? "Besides I, uh…" He clears his throat nervously. "You were very... inspirational."
“I am so glad we don’t have to use condoms for this. I have been looking forward to finding out how you taste,” Cas informs him, like that’s just something that he can just come out and
He knows that sound, that raspy sandpaper edge that's taking over Cas's voice. The fact that he does recognize it sends this weird little thrill of happiness up Dean's spine. Yeah, he did that.
"Mostly just curious," Dean comments, letting his eyes close because he's only got enough energy to talk or see, not both.
He looks a little overwhelmed, though, and Dean can't blame him. He just got himself two half-brothers, a brother-in-law, and Jimmy, Claire, and Amelia in the bargain. Plus the archangel riding his ass. It's a lot. Hell, it's a lot for
Dean's hips jerk into the touch, the flash of sensation that bolts down his pelvis. His cock beads liquid on his tip, and he feels it roll down his shaft, rather than seeing it. Cas's fingertip gathers it up. When Cas's hands both lift from his skin, the cold he leaves behind is shaky, dazzling. Dean hand freezes on Cas's cock, and he's ready to beg.
Dean slides in and starts the car but doesn't pull out. Eventually, he has to say it. "Cas?"
Dean finds that he wants to test it out, maybe toss it around a couple of times.
Dean wants to squirm, but he doesn't. He props both hands behind his head and grins, shaky. "Like what you see?"
"No, no," Castiel tells him, solemn, trying to keep his smile from dancing onto his lips. "Of course not," he pronounces. The smile breaks anyway. "We need our sleep."
Charlie sniffs in Dean’s direction, but Castiel can hear the laughter in it now. "If you're not nice to me, handmaiden,” she announces, haughtily, “you'll never learn the glory of sleeping squashed!"
Bobby shakes his head, but he doesn't look away from Dean's eyes. The shadows of his eyebags are probably as deep and dark as Dean’s own. "I figured you'd want to..." he clears his throat. "Take care of him yourself. He's laid out, now. I got the shrouds by him."
Dean can live with that, for now. He slides his hand down from where it’s been resting on his pillow in a loose fist in front of him, and covers the one of Cas's that’s resting on his stomach. His fingers automatically spread to accommodate Dean's. The warm metal of the ring Dean shoved on there last night is a pleasant reminder. He's still a little shocked at himself, but he's learning to maybe lean into this feeling instead of mistrust it.
Cas runs his nose over the bulge in Dean’s boxers, rubbing sweetly. His hands are back on Dean's still-clothed thighs, spreading him gently, fitting his thumbs into sensitive spaces like he knows exactly where to press. He leans further in, and Dean has to hold his breath.
Dean blinks slowly. "Oh," he says, a little dumbstruck with the visual—his hand moving over Cas's skin, with the gleam of Cas's ring on his finger. "You're a planner. Awesome."
, Dean!" Cas's legs shift impatiently around him.
The gentle, sucking kiss against the middle of it, right into the center of the handprint, makes Dean's fingers clench tight enough on the bench seat that his nails dig right into Baby's backrest. "Cas," he whispers. "Fuck, man, what're you—"
Dean chooses to move the conversation along. "So if this isn't a social call, then what is it?"
Because he's not sure what he's gonna do if it isn't.
hinky!" He stops to pant in a couple of breaths. “But yeah, that… I don’t care that Cas is man-shaped, but you can’t tell me that’s not weird. Dean, you’re a manwhore, and you’re totally freaking heterosexual!”
The feel of a thin dribble of room-temperature lube being poured over both their cocks would make Dean arch off the bed if his legs weren't already pinned under Cas's weight.
The bottom curves of his ribs probably should hurt the most, Dean would figure, but Cas is sucking gently on the side of his neck in long, drawing pulls by then, and Dean can hardly lift his own head from where it's lolled back on his shoulders and a little to the side. "You givin' me a hickey, Cas?" he slurs.
More than anything else, Dean
Dean's hands come up to grip Cas’s hips, and he sneaks his hands tight under Cas's waistband, fumbling for his belt. But once their pants are open, it's like that edge is off the need. They know where this is going. (Sort of.)
Castiel kisses it, softly.
Something else nearby flashes again, but fuck if Dean cares. Heat is pooling in his cock, hot and sparking, and pleasure is building from the soles of his feet upwards. Cas's hand on his forearm tightens further; Dean thinks he might have bruises later, and that just makes it better.
Dean startles, then scowls. "What the—"
Dean doesn't mind. He just hooks a knee between Cas's and hauls him just a little bit closer.
"Doesn't feel like my bed without you in it, though."
Dean blinks slowly, then quicker, as if reengaging part of his brain and his caresses shift into something that resembles a solid hug more than anything else. It still feels remarkably good. He shakes his head, quickly. "Oh. Geez, no. Sweetheart, no."
"Yes!" Dean gasps out. "Yes. You can. It's good. Fine. Please!" He's back to babbling, and Cas finally starts moving again, mouth hotter than sin and just as soft. The finger moves, notable even over the boxers Dean's wearing, and then it presses into the crease of Dean’s ass again. Just lightly, cotton rubbing and sliding over delicate nerve endings that Dean never ever thought would feel like this. Like lightning in a bottle and pleasure personified. Holy fuck, Cas is using his thumb, too—pressing behind Dean’s balls at the same time his other finger curves deeper and nudges back and forth in the crease of Dean’s ass..
vibrate through Dean's entire body like that. The feel of a little whisper of teasing breath, against what should have been just a weirdly shaped scar, is like everything they've done before was just foreplay.
That's the first thing that stops Death from his determined but steady pace through the endless pile of food. "You should not have been able to: not in that moment, not in that time." Death's casual front drops briefly, and what’s left behind is cold. "You two are the proverbial spanner in the works, and you have angered a great many powerful beings."
Dean scrapes a hand against his own scalp and yanks, hard. "Fuck," he hisses, and turns away. "Cas, is there—can you track him? Somehow?"
He can feel Cas get just that much harder between his lips, and there’s a little burst of salt at the back of his tongue; Dean finally pops off with one long slow pull, putting his hand where his mouth was.
Castiel follows, awkwardly.
But the signal's moved on by the time they get to the hotel—goddammit—and Dean's eyes are starting to blur with exhaustion as the hour swings past midnight.
"Wake me up at seven," Dean says, instead, his heart heavy and shaky, and climbs into the other bed with all his clothes on.
Cas just smiles slowly and continues on his journey. There's a tiny eternity that disappears into Cas's need to map out every single spot on Dean's body that makes Dean gasp. And there are a lot of them. Eventually, Cas gives him some relief, gently taking Dean’s aching dick into one hand and pumping a few slow times before smiling down at him. Dean has to swallow down a groan that might be relief, or might be the anticipation of more torture.
"Y'know," Dean murmurs. "Your old life, your old room." He smiles. "Bathroom sharing a wall with another bathroom."
"Wow," Dean says, flatly. "So it is true, people really
Cas doesn't meet his eyes.
He wonders if Sam had these feelings when he went off to Stanford. He's not gonna ask, though; they've already had far too many heart-to-hearts in the last six months, and Dean can only take so much bonding before he starts getting hives.
"Hold on, I'm not falling asleep like this," he protests, laughing. He reaches under the driver's side for the wet wipes. Cas gets on board with the clean up after that, even if he makes faces at the cold wetness.
Jesus Christ, Jesus fucking Christ, Dean's never going to get over the sight of that. Sammy gives him a panicked look, though, hauled out over his shoulder. Wait. Didn't Cas say—
And Dean can't even pretend that it's not his fault Cas is here, like this, cold on a table in a shitty salvage shed.
Jimmy's the one who breaks the silence, because Jesus fucking Christ, what does someone even say to that? "They... weren't all bad dreams, though, Cassie, were they?"
Cas wanders into the barn shortly after, rubbing his eyes and occasionally twisting to stretch his back. Sam snorts, "I recognize those motions.” He turns to Dean. “Please tell me you at least let him have the backseat,” he announces, like he and Dean weren’t staring daggers at each other a second ago. “Avoiding bonking your head on the steering wheel while sleeping is an advanced skill." Like it hasn’t even occurred to him to ask where or how they’d slept until just now.
That should sound a lot creepier to Dean than it does, but Dean can admit that, given the choice, he'd kind of want to do the same thing: stay awake as long as possible and just stare at the possibilities resting beside him. Instead, he just wiggles deeper into Cas's embrace and sighs. "Well, I hope it was restful."
"So what's Heaven's next move?" Sam finally asks.
"It might," Cas answers. Dean's momentarily disappointed until Cas adds, ducking his chin lower to nibble at a soft patch of skin just below Dean's ear, "You're different, though.
At some point, Cas starts kissing other parts of him—down his chin, neck, across his collarbone and finally, one careful lick along the edge of the palm print Cas is still holding onto for dear life.
"This is nice," Cas says. "I’m happy that we can have this."
Dean should be saying "What?" He should be saying, "Wait, here?" He should be...
Dean stops breathing. He turns away, choking.
The question is asked with such heat and pride and awe that Castiel almost forgets to answer it. Then their hips roll again, sharp and delicious.
Dean's eyes close involuntarily. He's so tired. He's been so tired, but Cas makes him feel safe enough to feel it. "I don't suppose you have a plan?"
It's the last time he sees Cas. But whatever Cas meant—whatever Dean’s brain was trying to tell him—the nightmares are better, too.
, what the hell is he…? But Dean doesn’t even have the brain to finish that sentence, not when his whole body is blazing with connection and he thinks his feet left the floor.
A line of letters right down his sternum, followed by soft, wet kisses, leaves him tingly but fine. The slow lick of his collarbone, followed by soft fingertips and a slight ache, hitches Dean's breath. Cas shifts him around; the other collarbone gets a similar treatment and Dean's definitely getting hard already. He closes his eyes and sighs when Cas slowly licks the nearest nipple and warm lines of gentle pain run slowly down each rib.
"It has its benefits," Cas agrees, then sighs. "We will have to get up and meet Sam, soon."
Castiel has exceptionally few instances of sharing a space like this. The few dormitories he'd stayed in were a lot like the motel rooms Dean and Sam used, so the experience, while infinitely more human for him, wasn't new. And April... well, the less said the better, but he'd also been so exhausted that his sleep had been relatively hard and dreamless.
Sam appears to accept the information for what it is. He goes back to slowly and methodically eating his breakfast for a few more minutes before frowning again. "Is Anna not in the house?"
“ I'm glad. And I ain’t letting go again." He holds up his hand. "He gave me this, but only after I gave him one first."
It takes a second—he's very distracted, okay?—to realize Cas has started mimicking his movements. When Dean twists gently on the upstroke, Cas gasps and thrusts a little against Dean’s palm... but then he repeats the motion on Dean and it's fucking fantastic. Okay, okay, he can play this game, this is a great game. Dean loves this game.
Dean didn’t feel the run of warm pressure down his shoulders. It’s
"No, uh. No. Just, y'know. That giant one over there." He jabs a thumb at Sam, and tries on a grin. "And my Baby, I guess. My ‘67 Impala," he clarifies, just in case Jimmy gets the wrong idea.
Castiel considers burying his head in his pillow. Then he does more than consider it. He hears Dean huff, and he's not sure if it's with exasperation or laughter.
Cas lifts up a little on one arm and looks down at him, and the warmth in his gaze is nearly unbearable. Dean would look away, but—for once—he doesn't want to withdraw. He wants to be here, right here.
Dean nods, his whole body fizzing with an electric warmth. He gets the feeling Cas went cruder on purpose. He doesn’t normally talk like that.
Finally Dean puts down the ratchet in his hand, wiping off the bits of grease that have gotten on it and his hands. He turns to Cas and balances one hip on the bumper in front of him. "So you and Bobby come up with anything?"
back into the house.
He puts his fingertips to it and says, softly, into the mirror, "Yeah. I hear you. Okay."
Dean blinks and looks over his shoulder. Sam has his arms crossed. Okay, what the hell?
Castiel waits.
Cas blinks at him. Then he blushes. This goddamned angel of the Lord actually blushes a little at a tiny little compliment. Dammit, he's not allowed to do things like that in public. "Um... no," he answers.
"What are you on, Dean?" Sam asks, low and dangerous. "You've got some nerve, getting on my case about the demon blood, when you..."
Cas smiles at him from his position looking down at Dean, still standing. He reaches down and rests his hands on Dean's thighs. The rub of them up and down, along those big muscles, the touch blunted by denim, should just feel like a massage—not that Dean's ever really had one of those, but he can imagine it.
Dean pulls into Cas's side as he wakes up—or he tries to, because he reaches out to pat at the bed, and, uh, it's just him in it. He blinks himself awake. What the hell? The curve where Cas's body settled is still warm, though.
The threat to Sam, though? That wasn’t empty. And the one to Cas? That was delivered with
But that's the whole point, isn't it? That's the worst thing about it. They
"Uh-huh," Dean agrees, but he doesn't raise his head. They're both sticky, naked, and covered in come, but Dean's pretty sure his legs won't hold him if he tries to get up to grab a washcloth.
"Of course," Cas agrees, but he holds Dean tight, first. It's like time stands still; their breathing syncs up and they're slipping into one person, almost, two halves of a whole. Where Cas curves in, Dean expands, and so on.
Sam's feet on the stairs makes them both look up. He's got the ghost kid by his side.
Cas doesn't look nervous, though. He arches an eyebrow in that little sassy-as-fuck 'well?' expression he's gotten so good at, and smiles. "Just go slow," he says. He lets out a low, pleased noise as Dean eases a little lower, and presses. He doesn't think he's there, he's just sort of slipping back and forth against that warm stretch of Cas’s perineum, but they know that feels good. "A little, little furth—ah."
Cas shakes his head. "There's no one else in this room that needs my forgiveness."
Cas's hand slides up the back of his shirt, tingling its whole way up Dean’s spine.
Dean cracks open an eye. "Cas," he murmurs. Not a few hours ago Cas couldn't even sit up by himself, he sure as hell shouldn't be healing Dean's little bumps. Actually... Dean peers suspiciously down at the gash on his side. That's gone, too.
It's salty and soft, even as his tongue catches on the slight stubble just showing.
Dean lessens the sting of betrayal by spending time with Sam. Who's looking like he's ready to drop off for a nap.
Sometimes all three at once, but he doesn't want to break his hand. He remembers what happened the last time he tried to hit Inais.
Which is only okay because he knows, he feels, he hears Cas coming, too—moaning loud and hungry into his ear.
The pleasure starts as tiny sparks and Dean can feel both their cocks get impossibly harder. Dean's just on the edge, and every moment is taking on that liquid quality that makes going slightly faster and slightly more wild so much easier.
When Dean rejoins Bobby and Cas, though, he can tell that shit has gotten serious, and there’s bad news. Bobby’s standing at the door with it open, and Cas is standing just outside it, pressing a hand against the empty air of the doorway like he’s trying to shove his palm through Jell-O. Dean reaches out and grabs him, pulling him back into the kitchen.
He sounds a little startled. Dean wrenches open eyelids he didn't even realize that he'd closed. "Cas?" he says.
Cas shakes his head. "I had... something to hold onto. Something to anchor me to myself." He puts his hand on Dean's knee. "I don't think I ever thanked you for that."
Well, no: Cas throws his head back and barks out a laugh. "I warded him extremely well, Anna," he says, between chuckles. Dean spins around and sees Anna stumbling back, looking entirely flummoxed, staring at her own hand like she’s not sure it’s attached to her. "He's anchored to
Unlike the usual summoning of a crossroads demon where they bury a few personal items and get a potluck of demons, calling up a specific demon is more complex, and much more likely to land on the bullseye. The downside? Apparently they have to show, but they can show in their own sweet time. And who’s shocked that the King of the Crossroads is gonna be an asshole about it?
Pamela works quickly, gets Cas laying down on the cot. Once he’s down, lying stiffly on his back, she sits next to him, talking in smooth tones. It's all business with Pamela once she gets going, and that makes Dean's shoulders relax ever so slightly. Bobby mentioned going to her when Dean first got back, maybe get some answers, but then Inias popped up in their lives and everything went to shit. It’s good to know she seems to know what she’s doing.
Dean takes a deep breath, in and out. Okay. Okay, yeah. Holy fuck. This feels amazing.
Dean runs his full hand, palm flat against the skin, down Castiel's sides and then back up, barely skimming his nipples. It's another gorgeous and new sensation, but… puzzling.
"Hitchin’ it back to Cheyenne," Dean makes a thumbs up sign to demonstrate. "Thank you very much."
They never need any words for times like this.
It wasn't that Dean hasn't thought about anal stuff before, but it wasn't like it was something he ever, y'know... dwelled on. Dean wasn't ever sure it was something he even wanted to try, because it just seemed like a whole fucking lot. And maybe not even all that comfortable?
Cas's legs spread wider like he's giving Dean better access, and for the first time, his hips tilt up against Dean's mouth. It should be uncomfortable—it does nudge Cas against his throat—but even that little clench of motion feels like a triumph.
Dean's jaw clenches. He wants to say "Yeah, he's fine, just got to buff and wax his halo," but with Cas looking small in the back seat, for once, he doesn't want to bullshit. "I don't know, Sam," he answers, quietly.
They part, panting, and as much as Dean wants to spend hours exploring, his stomach is starting to tighten in a delicious sort of way and his hips can't stop making aborted little thrusts.
"Let me look."
He definitely didn't expect their penises to brush like that--unclothed.
And by the time they're done with that little project, Dean's worst nightmare comes knocking.
have to make Dean come in his pants every time he puts his fingers on the handprint. He has a feeling that Cas would just take that as a challenge.)
Cas catches his hand on his way past. "The bathroom shares a wall with the master bath in my brother's bedroom. It's a very lovely thought, otherwise."
Dean snorts, instead. "Well, we didn't rescue an angel named Anna from an asylum, for one thing. No one's family got murdered..."
Cas's hand strokes softly down his cheek. "We don't have much longer."
all of Heaven?"
No doubt about that.
"You got laid. I was getting worried." Sam sighs the sigh of the eternally relieved.
Dean goes completely red in the face, but Bobby snorts loudly and grabs the nearest book. "Git. Before I change my mind."
Dean doesn't quite realize what's happening, mostly because it's never happened to him before, until Bobby goes in for the “So where’re your folks in all this?” question.
That, if anything, crystallizes some things in Dean's head. Cas spent most of his life alone and afraid of his own dreams, unsure if the things he was imagining were really the things he wanted. Cas has mentioned what it was like before with others—how he was unable to even figure out what he liked and didn’t, not really, because he just plain felt like he was missing something. When Cas says he likes something and he knows it, now, he's not just saying it. It's not just the difference between inexperience and confidence.
Dean grins, shakily, giving him a long look up and down. There's no mistaking Cas for a woman, no way, no how—not even with one leg bent up the way it is now, the lean curve of his thigh making Dean's mouth water. The sleek lines of muscles and the little scattering of hair, cute brown nipples and the erect cock lying eager as anything on Cas’s belly and curved a little to the left, are really, really doing it for Dean. God, that's a damned vision. "Never gonna get used to the sight of you naked, sweetheart."
There’s grief in them. There’s
Cas laughs, but sits down on the sofa and starts pulling the laptop towards him. Dean sits down beside him, and they start looking up stupid coupley shit to do in spring just outside Baltimore.
Instead Dean shifts the leg currently not being lavished with attention and wiggles around to hook his big toe into the elastic holding Cas's boxers up. Cas laughs against his skin when it works.
Amelia staggers towards Cas, pulling a shaking little blue-eyed girl behind her and heading towards him like she can't tell the difference between the twins either. She topples into his arms, shaking, sobbing.
Castiel blurts out "It reminds me of my wings," because... he's not sure why. Probably because he saw something so personal, and so he needs to give back something equally personal and painful, too.
Cas traces words on the page with a finger. "She says she's killed off right before the 'good parts' start." He twitches his fingers up into air quotes. Shit, he's such a dork. "She seems to think that killing her
that he should—that he got used to knowing.
Cas sinks back into his, looking down at his hands, folded in his lap, now. But he answers what Bobby asked. He doesn’t meet Dean’s eyes.
Well. At least that's honest. Dean stares at him for a long time—possibly too long. Cas's habits might be rubbing off on him. Heh. Rubbing off.
When Dean comes in, he finds Sam drawing protection sigils on the windowsills with a Sharpie. They don't look at each other.
?!" Sam scoffs, and shakes his head. "It's not even believable!"
Dean's eyes are too busy crossing for a second to come up with a snappy retort. Neither of them is hard anymore, which is no shocker all things considered, but the press and scrape of those delicate sharp hipbones of Cas's against Dean's groin is... okay, there's something special there.
"Can't you feel it?" Cas answers, still quietly, like he's scared he's gonna spook Dean. Good fucking call. Dean’s seen a lot of shit in his life, but he’s pretty damned spooked. "I didn't mean to scare you. I didn't..." he sighs, softly. "I'll explain. But please look at me, Dean. At least give me that much connection."
Dean's entire body rolls towards him, and the leg tightens around Castiel as Castiel rides the perfectly formed thigh muscle wedged between his legs.
Dean is whistling and cleaning his Colt by the time Sam makes it back to their hotel room. (Later than Dean, which is saying something considering Dean and Cas had trouble separating and it took them nearly an hour to finish putting themselves back together.) Cas is back working his sources. He's promised that something is coming, it's just going to take time; Dean trusts him.
"Strippers?" Sam says, with bright eyes. He’s smiling like he’s inviting Dean to share the joke. "Isn't this, like, on your bucket list of hunts?"
She turns to Dean. "Do you have a motorcycle? If you had one, that might explain a few things."
"Get used to swinging it? Perhaps even keeping it, handle-first, in the back of your pants?" Cas suggests.
Cas, well, Cas is glowing. Not literally glowing—though who knows, if they turned out the lights. But he’s twisted all the way towards Dean, his eyes are shining and wide, and his pink lips are parted like he did not expect Dean to say that.
Something in Dean's chest tightens and he knows that Cas is commenting from experience, not just fantasy. Dean wants to rub that memory out—not because it was someone other than him, but because of how he imagines it made Cas feel. He can see it: Cas just letting it happen, and then the shattering disappointment of the entire experience and with no one he could share it with. It hurts Dean to think about, but it’s also the final wedge that pries Dean away from a hair-trigger orgasm. So there's that.
Dean's back arches so hard that his hips leave Baby's back seat, and that shoves his cock through the cup of Cas's fingers.
He says it with such certainty that it sticks in Dean's throat.
Dean's too simple a guy to process all that. He knows how he feels; it's all really damned confusing if he thinks about it, and so simple if he just lets himself feel it.
The conversation starts out shitty, with a lot of posturing from Uriel about how Dean should be grateful he was taken out of one hellhole and deposited into another. It leaves nothing but a sour taste in Dean’s mouth. He’s not scared of them, anymore. He’s not scared of anything.
"Shit," Dean laughs, looking around at the fire hazard that is Bobby's collection of books.
"Shit," Dean curses, and Castiel can see his breathing accelerate. "Okay, I'm scared to ask what you're thinking about."
"Release sounds nice," Dean says casually, moving a leg to pull Cas's hips a bit further into his orbit. “I could go for some of that.”
just what Cas is talking about. "I didn't know why. I still... I'm still not sure why." The hand tightens carefully around his. "But maybe I'm starting to get an idea."
Dean's not sure who's going to break the silence, because he can't exactly move from where he's standing without making his hard-on all the more obvious. Also, because he just got really conscious of the fact that he's got an angel blade in his gear, now, and they're going to have to figure out a way to explain that.
He gives Cas a sideways glance, and mutters, "Uh-huh."
Cas sighs. "Well, seeing as how I'm already covered in blood,” he mutters, grouchily, “what's a few more open wounds between friends?"
And again, two days after that.
“You want us to, to give him up? Just like that?” he hisses. “You want me to tell them where he is?!”
From the way Cas wraps his lips around the head of Dean's still-clothed cock and sucks, his tongue darting right at the brand new wet spot in the cloth like he's trying to taste Dean right through it, he somehow knows it.
"Whaddya think?" he asks the room at large. "Burn her, or dump her someplace where she’ll be found, so her family can have closure?"
Then he feels a comfortable weight being settled on his shoulders, dense and safe.
motion--
When he gets back, Cas and Bobby are talking about something to do with Mesopotamia—he thinks that's what they said—and sacred texts about what it takes to crack open the world. There are enough piles of books around them that Dean's not sure how they're going to get out of their little book-fort without knocking over something on their way, but that's not his problem.
"Uh. Hey, Sammy," Dean croaks.
"It was boring," Cas sighs into it, hooking one leg around Dean's knee. "The bacteria weren't anything to write home about."
"It means we're interesting ants," Dean bites out.
"Bobby!" Dean complains.
"Well, we have one night at this one." Then he smiles at Dean. "Take off your shirt, please."
He doesn't know it's going to happen until she drops something warm and heavy over his shoulders, draping it over his arms--and it feels like his wings.
Adam frowns. “You mean… even before the, um, apocalypse thing?”
. Dean doesn't even care if it's because he's gone insane or not.
Sam frowns. "Angels? There's no angels here.” He looks around. “Just demons."
Dean can't disagree. They fall into kisses, Cas leaning over him, draped perfectly against his side and a little on his chest. It's soft and fuzzy around the edges and Dean is happy to do this forever. (Or, okay, at least a lot longer than he’s ever wanted to just lie around and kiss before.)
Dean grabs his hands before they move away from Dean's denim-clad knee and into the first aid kit. He thinks Cas hasn't thought too far ahead, because wrapping Dean’s knee would require the removal of pants, and that's just a level of awkward they seem to be avoiding these days. Cas freezes when Dean touches him, still looking away.
"Hey, uh. It's no carvings on your ribs, but... how about this?" He works the thick silver ring off his right ring finger and slides it right onto Cas's left.
Dean carefully rubs a deep circle against his newest favorite spot with the tip of his finger—the skin is stretched tighter, now that Cas has his legs spread and one knee cocked upwards next to Dean’s shoulder—but keeps his head bobbing up and down slowly to the same rhythm. 'Cause fuck, yeah, he's always been coordinated. Cas all but drips onto his tongue, thick salt, heady.
The fact that Cas didn't even have
Alastair.
Cas's mouth falls open a little and stays that way. He's wide-eyed in a way that Dean's never seen him.
For a brief, long, few seconds everything pauses and all Dean can hear is Cas's rough, stuttering breathing. His face is white and tense, and even though his eyes are open again, they’re fixed blindly on the ceiling.
Dean winces. "Good point," he sighs. "Though, I dunno, man, the jury's still out on ‘benevolent.’"
"I'm sorry," Cas says, and that's a jolt, right there. But while Dean's blinking—what the fuck is Cas apologizing for?—Cas takes the key in his hand and slots it in. It still takes a bit of jiggling to get the door open. Damned motel door, but at least no-one's gonna be sneaking in without waking Dean up.
Cas shivers and arches at the slow scrape of nails, his back flexing deliciously under Dean's hands; damn, that's a rush.
He doesn't expect his friend to mutter, his lips barely moving, "Yeah, uh. It... thanks. It helped."
Dean wants to watch, to see Cas's hand run shaky over his own cock, the last of his control shattered. He also wants to help, to wrap his fingers on top of Cas's and pull rough and fast until he pops.
Shit. Dean didn't know that he needed to hear that. He didn't know that he needed someone else to look at Sam and see that. The flood of hurt and relief are overwhelming, and he ducks his chin to his chest.
Definitely both.
That actually surprises Dean. The fact that Cas is a dude seemed to be Sam’s biggest sticking point to strange behavior: him not mentioning it to Bobby means he was either further gone than Dean thought, or he thought he was protecting Dean for some reason.
Cas freezes briefly before tucking his thumb under the hem of Dean's shirt, stroking slow circles in the skin he finds there. "You mean fucking."
Then Dean blinks. And smirks. "Cas, you, uh... look, you all covered in come is a pretty sight," and Dean is, one day, gonna blush about the fact that he can just say shit like that for real, especially since he means it. "But if you were trying to spare the shirt, that's a lost cause." Because, yeah, Dean came
Cas's head tilts. He doesn't directly call Dean a liar, but he probably knows something's not quite right. He always knows. Dean has learned to take comfort in the idea that Cas doesn't need his words most of the time. He doesn't force Dean to say everything that maybe should be said, just the things that absolutely need to be said.
Finally they all screech out, sounding like someone's brake lines are haunted and four bodies hit the floor. Dean runs to Jimmy, sliding to his knees. The bitch chose to stab him someplace that would take a long time. Goddammit. That’s good. That’s good, right? They’ve got time, they’ve got—
Crowley actually rocks back on his heels and looks surprised. "Oh, that old thing? Well, well. This is a surprise. I was sure no one knew I had that.” He runs his thumb back and forth over his upper lip. “Yes, that pretty little thing can kill just about anything. One problem, though," Crowley continues, casually. He seems more businesslike now: less show, more get-shit-done. "No one can use it. Death doesn’t like anyone playing with his toys.”
What's the point in offering a good night's sleep when
Sam closes the door gently behind them, and they both look around. The parking lot outside the fleabag motel has no other cars in it; that's a good sign. Sam still walks them all the way down to the vending machines. Dean would’ve told him not to bother: either Cas can hear them from across the street, or he's so worn-down that he wouldn't hear them through a white noise machine.
"That's why you killed her," Dean answers, quietly. It isn't casual. He knows she and Cas were friends. Hell, Anna
Well, fuck that.
Cas is wearing a suit and tie under there, the dark silhouette of it flaring underneath the coat, and he's got a long silver knife in his hand like he’s planning to use it again. There's no blood on it. Uriel's wings make dark ashy shadows on the concrete in front of him.
Chuck looks distinctly startled, but then he just shrugs. "Oh, yeah, that’s great. I'm sure that won't cause me any migraines at
They settle Cas on the rickety, swaybacked, yellow-orange sofa in the motel room—Dean tries to coax him into one of the beds, but Cas starts getting a stubborn set around his jawline, so he compromises on that. He's about to see if he can get Cas to actually drink any of the water bottle he's still clutching when Sam, over his shoulder, says, "Dean, can I talk to you?"
"It's weird... Like a recording... a loop. It says, 'Dean Winchester, gives us Castiel by midnight, or…'" Cas trails off. He looks straight into Dean's face, horror slowly dawning over his expression.
Dean hasn't had a chance to look through that sketchbook, but Sam seems to be finding something real interesting in it—not that Sammy's ever had a thing for artistic nudes or anything, but he's turning it from side to side like there might be something in there Dean wants a look at later.
"Yeah, well," Cas says, tiredly, from his place holding up the wall again. "We're making it up as we go along." He might look like cute roadkill right now, but Dean can feel his pride from across the room.
Cas stops moving briefly, looking down at him, before resuming the slow glide of his fingers in and out. Dean hurries to catch up. "I'm fine, Dean. I'm really—" Cas gasps a little, biting his bottom lip, "—fine."
They drift together until Dean feels the softest pressure of Cas's lips and sinks into the feeling, eyes closing as that bone-deep ache of connection finally finishes flaring back to life. It's not the same thing as when Cas deliberately touches that palm print, but there's a feeling like a broken bone finally sliding back into place, a click that trembles through Dean's entire being.
Cas’s arms are like wooden bands, wrapped around Dean’s waist—getting tight enough that it’s almost painful. “You were always there Dean.
"Yeah," Dean kicks a nearby rock across the line of the demon trap. "We really can."
Michael appears surprised by the request, but not offended. He dips his chin, just barely. Then his eyes flare blue and his chin sags, only to lift back up with a shy, shaky smile on his lips. "Uh. Hey, guys? Dean, right?"
Castiel almost goes back. He almost wraps himself in wings and warmth again. But he doesn’t look back as he leaves.
grace, it's Cas's, but Sam's mouth has already dropped open. He stripped off all weapons at the door, the way they all do, but one hand has automatically gone for his hip and just kind of stuck there. "Adam?" he squeezes out. "What the—"
“It’s… um. So complicated,” Dean admits.
Which he does. He still does, fuck, Dean loves watching him fight. But... there's a wound the length of Dean's hand on his forearm. It's not bleeding, but the center is scabbed. The edges are still gapped in a way that makes Dean's head swim a little.
Dean, not into him. It’s not a comfortable feeling. Especially not since Dean has a pretty good idea what he’s looking at: Cas has possessively fiddled with the area often enough that there’s pretty much no doubt where Cas’s name is most prominently stamped on Dean’s bones.
The Keg Chicken claims to have the best fried chicken in town, as well as chislic (what the hell is that? That does not sound good, not at all). But Dean finds, as Cas gets into Baby's passenger seat, that he's not hungry. And it's not just because of the pancakes a few hours ago.
He knew about the demon powers thing, but he didn’t ask why. He’d let it go because things seemed to be getting better, and because of fucking Lilith, he hadn't asked too many questions.
“Left it.” Bobby snorts and continues to pull out of the convent’s overgrown, cracked lot. “Why d’ya think I drive junkers? No one’ll touch it ‘til I can get someone to haul it back for me.”
Cas smiles and curls his hand over where Dean's fingers are pressing against his skin. "I think your name would look pretty in pig-Latin." He picks Dean's hand up carefully and laces their fingers together. "You're already written all over me, though. Right down to my component atoms. I’m sure everyone can see it."
Michael has the grace to wince slightly at that. "Dean Winchester, you coaxed a seraph of Heaven to fall for you.” He nods an acknowledgement towards Cas. “You and yours, two humans and a fallen apostate, killed Lilith without breaking the last Seal of prophecy—all with Heaven and Hell actively hunting you, and attempting to facilitate your failure. It should have been impossible. All of this should have been impossible. If nothing else, it has shown me how many of us may have... misjudged humanity."
Shit, Dean was afraid of that. He pushes Jimmy back down onto the sofa. "Look, buddy, you've had a hell of an afternoon." Sam raided the medicine cabinet, and there's ibuprofen and tylenol. He pushes some of each into Jimmy's hands. "Take this, and rest."
a fan of this.
? This
Sam slams his hand down. "Maybe she thought it was the only way to kill Lilith at all! Did you think of that?"
It's... Cas? Dean frowns and answers.
But when Dean turns, Cas has the shining vial in his hand. His eyes are on Dean’s when he breaks it open.
"Ouch," Cas says, from on top of the table, with all the fucking eloquence of a goddamned Ph.D.
"be not afraid, only believe"
Claire scowls at Sam. God, she really does look so much like Cas at his grumpiest when she does that. “Don’t you know Uncle Dean
. And not only is it sex, it's the best sex Dean's had in his life—over and over again. But a hand on him is familiar; a mouth sliding up and down on his cock is something he knows.
Cas stretches on the bed, pointing his toes, pushing his fingertips upwards until they just brush the headboard. It accentuates every lean little line, every hint of softness, the heavy male curves of bone and hair. Dean's mouth waters. He's got his eyes on Cas's erection, curved sweetly upwards towards his belly, and he's heading down in that direction with his lips already parted for a taste when Cas's hand lands gently on his shoulder.
There's no soft certainty of breath, anymore, or the way even Dean's vaunted memory foam bows just the tiniest bit towards his weight.
Dean doesn't like it when people give him hope—not like that, not that cryptic supernatural bullshit.
Cas shifts back against him, and Dean thinks he might be blushing. "Oh," he murmurs. "Thank you?"
Cas frowns, a bit more tension settling into the lines of his mouth and eyes. "...Where's your ring?" he asks, shakily.
Dean turns to grab the next clean cloth, comes back around to Cas and—
wants to stop crying. It's just... it's probably just to say it, because these are the times where Cas really knows what to say.
He places his hand fully onto the print on Dean's shoulder. And presses.
He eventually lets Cas’s cock go—Cas whimpers a little, which is the tiniest, cutest little noise—and pillows his head on the crook of his clean elbow. He just pets Cas's hip until he's not shaking anymore, and the little gasps he's making over Dean's head have settled.
Sam, for what it's worth, takes that at face value. But he still holds out the holy water with narrowed eyes.
"Yeah, sure, Sammy," he answers. "Let's go!"
Dean doesn't think he's ever been the little spoon before—hell, he can count the number of times he's shared a bed the whole night with someone rather than just picking up and slipping out on one hand. Even with Cassie. But there must be something really soothing about it, because it's not just the exhaustion that takes him away, soft and dreamless.
Yeah, Dean knows where this story’s going. The back of Dean's shoulder is damp. Dean’s throat aches with the words he can't quite figure out what to say.
Dean knew there was a reason he liked the guy.
Dean lets his hips ride into it, back and forth. It feels like he's thrusting into air, which should feel sort of stupid. At least, until Cas brings his other hand back up, now wet with lube, too, and gives him something to thrust into. Dean's whole body bows into that.
'Buddy.' What the fuck, Dean.
Dean's mouth is still watering, and each little shiver and shake he pulls out of Cas goes straight to his cock with a delicious achy clench. Dean wants to spend all day here, work out how to take in more than just this small mouthful of Cas. Maybe figure out how he wants to move his hands, how to touch. Maybe he can figure out what to touch without his entire brain blanking in delight and sexual tension.
Dean opens his mouth to protest that Cas doesn't even know what he was gonna say. Hell, Dean doesn't even know what he was gonna say.
Sam's expression, already hesitant, goes sour and flat. "You want me to sit this out," he says, his voice going dangerous. "No."
"I thought you might be more comfortable talking for a little bit without me there. I can be a wet blanket at the best of times," Cas explains.
"If he is, he stopped very recently," Cas says. His eyes are downcast, and suddenly, he looks older than is possible. "I'm sorry, Dean."
Bobby leans in and peers. "Okay. I'll grant that it definitely has that look about it. So what? You got gifted with some fancy brass knuckles, why the secrecy?"
Michael is staring at them, back and forth, and his eyes come to rest just behind Dean’s navel in a way that makes Dean think he’s looking
"Get down here," he says roughly.
Castiel looks up. "I don't remember everything. But I know that an angel fallen is a dead angel."
Cas's voice is like thunder, and as impossible to ignore. "You did not change, Dean Winchester. Your soul, what makes you glorious, did not change. How do you think I found you?" But his face pinches, and he lowers the tight jut of his shoulders, defeated. "But... the first seal had already been broken."
They both laugh quietly after that, but it peters back off into the tense, scared silence of earlier.
It doesn't budge. It doesn't even shudder.
Bobby watches them both, him and the door, quiet-eyed. "So," he says, and trails off.
If there was ever any doubt that Heaven's not on their side: here it is.
Dean blinks. "Can you normally?" He never really thought about it, but that's a good point. He's supposedly got writing all over his ribs that says 'no one here but us chickens' to angels, and Cas has been able to locate him every time.
But he knows the answer. It used to live right under his breastbone and tingle on his shoulder. It used to make him smile when Cas cocked his head or squinted or sassed. It used to make him curl up in the hollow of Cas's body and say "fuck it" to anyone who called it cuddling.
There's no message from Sam by the time they get into Baby—Sam, it looks like, took the Novak car from the driveway; thank God. Dean struggles to remember just how to turn on the GPS tracker on Sam's phone with the laptop, but after a tense few minutes, he gets it.
Eventually, sometime between when the wrenching sobs stop but before Dean’s breathing gets back to anything near normal, Cas moves them around again. They're both laying down, Cas's arms wrapping firmly around Dean. They’re overlapping again, Cas lying mostly on top of him, Dean’s head once again tucked under Cas's chin. It feels warm and safe there, despite the fact that Dean’s still naked.
“Oh, no.” Cas shakes his head and sighs. "That's what I was afraid of."
"Possibly having an out-of-body experience," Cas mutters.
Wait, Dean's said it to him before, right? Or something like that? He's got to have, goddammit. Right?
Dean blinks. Wow, okay then. They’ve probably had the world’s weirdest ways of being introduced to the family, but this one takes the cake.
thinks that their life is getting weird.
"Wow. I'm likin' the mojo," Dean grins against Cas's shoulder, then looks down to admire the print of his teeth in it. He bit pretty hard. The crescent of marks is still there, though he can already see the edges starting to fade.
Castiel's the one who says, very seriously, "It's really nothing like the reverse cowgirl."
Cas, from just over Dean's shoulder, says, gently, "Yes. Well... it's complicated. But I'm alright."
The answer to that comes easy, though. "You don't gotta be better, bitch," Dean replies. "You just gotta be yourself."
"Yeah, sweetheart," he says, hoarsely. Looks Cas in the eye, so there's no way he can doubt it. "Show me?"
Cas reaches out and rests a hand lightly on Dean’s hip—it seems to be mostly as a comfort, and maybe to settle Dean down a little before they really do get their asses struck down by divine lightning. "May we speak to Adam?" he asks.
Morning dawns slowly. Cas kisses his temple just as Dean's awake enough to appreciate it. He wonders how much Cas slept. Recharge or not, Dean suspects Cas naps just a little bit now and then, like he does in Baby’s back seat. They haven't moved much from the positions Dean fell asleep in. When Dean finishes opening his eyes, Cas looks at him like he's won the best first prize in all the county fairs.
Dean could eat—he almost always can—but the tiredness is overriding it. "I'm good. Could use a shower, though."
"I… haven't, um. When I thought you were..." Dean trails off on the admission that he’s been living like a fucking—nonfucking—monk for the past few months, and swallows past a lump in his throat. He's got vague notions of what he might want, yes, and some ideas, but very little practical experience with guys outside of a couple of handjobs. Cas is also not some one night stand, and that somehow makes it different, too. "I'm, uh, not sure my fantasies even know where to begin."
"Maybe. Some of it, there's... a lot about souls and grace and time and shit that I don't really get." Okay, that's about halfway a lie, but 'I just about come in my pants whenever he kisses my shoulder' is something that Dean's
"Oh, you show-off," he breathes.
They stare at each other and Dean can feel the thousand things that Cas wants him to know. Dean is pretty sure that Cas can read all the same off him.
, okay, you two are so blended now you practically overlap. No wonder you were so miserable!"
Cas squeezes his other hand—hard enough to ache, hard enough to brighten down the weight of panic in Dean's chest. "Prophecy is flawed, Dean. I think even Sam understands this now." But Cas is just as urgent as he is as they charge in, Dean flashing a fake badge at the manager without breaking stride.
Not healing. Because that's not what this is.
What the fuck. How…?
The way both of the twins tip their heads at Dean is enough to get him laughing, too.
(Damn. Angels
, that hot for him. This time, when Dean traces the outline of him between his fingers, Cas just about squirms. His moan this time is louder, and he sounds just as pleased as Dean's feeling with his hand on him.
Dean closes his eyes and wishes himself anywhere but here. Anywhen but here. Two days ago. Six months ago.
The dream is nice, though. There's a lake and a dock. Dean feels relaxed, and with each slow lap of water against the shore, he gets more relaxed. There's a fishing pole in his hand and an empty chair next to him. Dean knows with the kind of certainty he's just getting used to that Cas is off, just out of frame. He’s probably in that small cabin up the hill. He'll be down soon. There’s a second fishing pole by Dean’s foot, already baited and ready for him.
(Also, now he’s got to wonder if coming untouched feels as hot as it sounds and looked from his point of view. Because, holy fuck, that was unbelievable, and Dean’s definitely going to want to do that to Cas again.)
Cas pets at the edges of the handprint again, running long, graceful fingers over where the meat of the palm would sit. Dean groans into it: it feels so good. He spreads his fingers out on Cas's ribs, liking the feel of body heat through the soft cotton of his shirt. A slow, sleepy hunger starts to rise inside Dean.
"They probably kept Claire home. After yesterday, I’m sure Jimmy took the day off," Cas murmurs as they continue down the hallway.
Soon. Really soon.
It's a tight, nearly uncomfortable fit with two guys stretched out in the back seat. They're overlapping, interlocking. It's everything Dean wanted it to be.
Bobby and Dean chat about it a bit, weaving in and out of it and general bullshitting until there's an almost tentative knock on the front door. Bobby pulls back a heavy, dirty curtain to peer out the window, and looks back at Dean.
(Actually, considering everything that he knows about Cas? That... makes a lot of sense.)
He clears his throat, but is definitely not opening his eyes for this part. "Uh. So. It's actually not a new thing? I uh— a few times before Cas. It wasn't ever really a common thing? Like, it wasn't what I was looking for most of the time. But it was—you know. Fine? Everyone had fun. You know?"
"Hmmm?" Dean's a little drowsy and a lot content. Cas is warm and pliant against his side and it makes him think about all sorts of impossible (some very dirty) things. Like waking up to this in the morning, every morning.
"Look, man. We just want to help," Dean finishes. Out of the corners of his eyes, he can already see Sam scanning for entry and exit points that need warding.
(He doesn't even sneak a peek. Yeah, Dean can be good. When it suits him to.)
But Cas pauses—just stops, fully stops, with his mouth warm around the tip of Dean's cock. This time, Dean does make a wordless noise that might be protest, might be a whine, or might be a sob.
He's fucking
It's definitely over.
Sam doesn't have an answer for that. But maybe Dean has an answer of just why it fucked him up so bad to see Sam standing there, all-but-glowing with demon blood dripping off his chin.
"It, uh... wasn't just luck that he called earlier, though," Dean says, low in his throat. Because he's so fucking tired of secrets. If Sam had bothered to ask, maybe Dean would've told him. But he didn't bother to ask. "The, uh... connection? It ain't a metaphor."
Okay. The thought of Cas using, um, the stuff in that drawer, solo in his bed? Dean doesn't even know how to deal with how hot he finds that visual, and his whole body trembles a little.
There’s nowhere to sit that doesn’t look like it might collapse under them, so they end up sitting on the floor, Castiel holding out his arm to Dean. Sam scouts around to make sure they don’t have any black-eyed company coming while Dean wraps the open cut carefully, holding Castiel's elbow still while he does it. Jimmy hovers. (Of course he does.)
"I was thinking about," Cas says, and now he's just looking at this plate, "removing the bulk of my grace when all is said and done. If it can be done safely. Living out my life as a human." Now he's looking up at Dean with just his eyes, and his face says it all. He wants to grow old with Dean instead of remaining still and marble-like in the face of time.
things as well.
how Dean's doing, Dean's going to bite him or something. But all he says is, "Yes, yes." He keeps dipping that finger into Dean in careful, even strokes with that little curve right at the deep end of every one, oh, fuck.
the way his cock is disappearing into Cas’s body, Cas swallowing him up so easily, and holy shit that is… that is… really distracting in great ways.
Cas blinks back at him with the kind of surprise a person gets when someone disrupts their routine. It's adorable. Dean reaches out and pulls him close. Cas's arms surround him, wiggling in without hesitation, and Dean presses his nose to Cas's neck.
Cas looks back at them and then goes to the bottom of the pile, to what Dean assumes is the first unpublished manuscript. Cas looks at the title page and raises an eyebrow. "’Lazarus Rising,’" he recites, then shakes his head. “I wonder which this refers to?”
