"Not a phone that you can use in any room of the house," Tony went on. "Even the bedroom."
Steve huffed a little in frustration, and Tony smiled.
Tony laughed. "Not really," he admitted. "It's fine. It's not the kind of place I go out to dinner with friends. I come to places like this when I want to be seen, or when I'm..." He laughed again, more softly this time. "When I'm trying to impress a date," he admitted.
Steve winced. Tony wasn't wrong, though. Hulk--
Steve was a little relieved that Thor wasn't on Earth at the moment. There was a lot about human culture that he just didn't get, much more so than Steve, who was just a few decades behind the curve. Thor was on an entirely different graph.
"Did I say that? One, I'm used to that kind of event, and two, I had a good evening. I promise. In fact, I'm not even ready for it to be over yet." He grinned at Steve. "Now, in the old days, I'd have dragged my date off to a party or a club to balance out all the earnest goodwill of that awards dinner..."
"Crashed?" Steve suggested.
"Let me do it." Steve had already washed himself off, Tony noticed, and now he turned his attention to Tony, using warm water and the sponge to wash him clean.
Tony’s eyes flickered open for a moment, and Steve could feel Tony smiling against his mouth as Steve kissed him--softly, more of a promise than anything else. He was half asleep already, shifting in the bed to wrap himself around Steve.
"When we made our first statements--about being together. When I came out. Why didn't you say anything about yourself?"
Steve felt his face getting a lot hotter than the sun would account for. Tony was good at this. He hadn't expected that.
The far wall was in shadow, though, and even with night vision activated, Tony was still having trouble seeing what was there for some reason. He'd have to get closer to get a better look.
Steve waited where he was, wondering if Tony was going to say any more than that.
Steve couldn't be here talking to him all the time, or even for more than an hour or two a day, so he'd consulted with Dr. Foster. They'd set up an eight-hour block of music to be broadcast to the pocket dimension on a daily basis. She had promised that the energy expenditure wasn't significant, since they were already contacting Tony regularly; he was almost always "present" at Avengers team meetings, for one thing, as well as his work with Sam, Foster, and the other Stark Industries scientists.
It was a good answer, and Steve felt like, if this had been a real relationship, it would have been a true one. Steve didn't like the thought of having a marriage that might not exist if a mission took them to the wrong state. Leaving the country would still always possibly be an issue, but at the very least, they should be able to trust that their marriage would be valid everywhere in the nation.
Steve would have remembered that, too. He remembered the tiny shiver that had run through him when he'd felt Tony's breath on his cheek, even though the context had been strictly business.
If Tony were looking at him, Steve wasn't sure he'd be able to do this. Or at least, not like this--taking what he wanted from Tony, confident in the knowledge that Tony wanted it as much as Steve did.
At Tony's words, he started laughing so hard that his last bite of pizza went down the wrong way, and Steve had to thump him on the back.
"So if I asked you to do that now," Steve began.
He should probably pick them up, he thought, but he couldn't move, except to open and close his mouth in shock. It made him think of going fishing with his dad as a kid, and the way a fish would gulp for breath on dry land. Not a flattering metaphor, but he couldn't make himself stop.
idea.
Tony cut him off with a shake of his head. "Pepper made it clear that we're done. She can't complain if I move on."
"To the team?" Tony said. "Or to you?"
Tony was quiet on the way home, and Steve wondered if he'd realized just how lucky they were that they'd come up with an excuse to not get married, or even engaged. It'd be a while, Steve thought, before the federal government came around to the idea of equality, and by then, they'd be finished with this pretend relationship.
Steve shrugged. "The only thing that's not true is that Tony and I are a couple." Maybe not exactly the case, but Tony didn't seem to mind that people were going to think he wasn't straight, so Steve wasn't going to worry about that.
Tony's lips parted for Steve without any coaxing, welcoming him in and returning the kisses with equal fervor. He clutched at Steve's shirt, pulling him in closer, until Steve was pressed against Tony's body, and then Tony hitched up his right leg, wrapping it awkwardly but effectively around Steve's thighs, and dragged him closer still.
By the time they'd brought their captives in and gone through debriefing at SHIELD, Steve had been away from the tower for almost a week. Enough time, he hoped, that Tony would have been able to forgive him.
"It is," Steve said, "but--not too much. Just… slowly. Let's not get this over with too soon."
The edge in his voice had softened a little, though the smirk told Steve that Tony expected him to be shocked.
He knew Tony too well to think that Tony would have taken a nap.
No one outside the tower was going to have any idea that they weren't a couple. They worked together, they lived together--and the wild speculation that showed up on the internet made it clear that the general public had no idea of the team's living arrangements--and now they'd be spending a lot of their free time together, in public.
That was why Steve was simultaneously the most attractive person Tony had ever met in his long and extremely varied experience--and Tony wasn't just talking about his physical attributes, though those were obviously impressive--and also annoying as shit.
Steve scanned the first page of results; even without opening up any of the links, the answer was coming up a definitive "yes."
"I'll be there," Tony promised, and Steve left without another word.
And then Steve had taken him to the bedroom, and it had been one of the times when Tony let himself imagine that they might actually be more than that.
"Okay, good." Tony found another large pot, filled it with water, and set it to boil. There were some empty jars on one of the shelves; they could fill them with the cooled water so that they could keep a steady supply.
means you're grand."
But Steve had already criticized Tony for his lack of caution, and besides, he wanted Tony just the way he'd seen him when he walked in.
"Hey, I was right," Tony said, and if his smile wasn't as warm as it had been a week ago, it wasn't that sharp parody of a smile, either. "I said you'd be back in time to eat. We made sure to get enough for you."
Tony's voice was laden with suspicion. "How nicely?"
They didn't count, but Steve was determined to make sure this one did. His hands on Tony's shoulders kept him pinned against the wall as he kissed Tony, again and again, because he finally had Tony and he wasn't sure he was ever going to be able to get enough of him.
"I'm good," Tony said, but he reached for one of the muffins anyway.
What Tony had said didn't mean anything. Or at least, it didn't necessarily mean anything. But it did give him a new light to evaluate things in.
"I thought 'getting ideas' was one of your strengths?" Steve set the first cloth aside and used the second one to clean the streaks of come from Tony's stomach.
"Hey," Tony said, after a moment. Steve wondered if the smile he could feel on his own face was anything like as dazed and ridiculous as the one Tony was giving him. "We should probably, you know, go somewhere we can clean up."
Steve never read
"We should boil the water," Tony said. "We don't know what kind of microorganisms are in it, and we won't have any immunity. As for the food--" He shrugged. "Maybe we can eat it. Let's hope we can eat it."
"You want that?" Tony asked, when Steve moaned loudly. "Want me to open you up like that, work my fingers inside you while I touch your cock?"
“Maybe,” Tony said, sliding closer to Steve, “I’d demonstrate what I do instead of cuddling, if I wasn’t so tired that I think I’d fall asleep after thirty seconds.”
Tony was still breathing hard when a sudden chill made him realize he was alone in the bed. This was it, then; the sex might have felt different, but they were still the same people.
"I can stop," Steve said, although he wasn't sure he could. Especially not knowing how much Tony was liking this.
"I don't like being blindsided," Tony said. "Especially not when I'm about to be on television."
No, Steve thought, that was the problem. Steve wasn't the kind of guy who had the kitchen make him something that wasn't on the menu. Steve found places he was comfortable being in that served food he liked, and he went there, and he didn't have three different forks to deal with at one time.
The picture was definitely misleading; Steve managed to follow it back to the original photographer, and even in the context of the other pictures from the dinosaur battle, it still looked incredibly intimate. The facts were straightforward, though: there was nothing between him and Tony.
"Okay," Tony said. "But not right now. We just finished dinner, and since I'm guessing you want to talk about something, not just shoot the breeze for an hour, I'm refusing to do that without pancakes. I'm going to the lab. Come get me when you get back from your run tomorrow."
Well, not quite as simple by Steve's standards, since he would have just knocked on Clint's door, but simple enough.
That seemed to satisfy the questioner, and the rest of the audience members who had questions for them tended to focus on what Steve and Tony intended to do to support the cause of marriage equality, with the occasional question about the Avengers thrown in, rather than anything personal.
From the way Tony got quieter and much less melodramatic as the afternoon wore on--at least, unless there was anyone around, when he launched himself into high gear and became almost a caricature of himself--he was pretty sure Tony hated this, too.
There was still no answer from inside the lab, so Steve reached out to open the door. It wasn't like people didn't walk in and out of the lab without knocking all the time.
And then Tony wasn't even close to silent: "God, Steve, I'm going to--" and then a wordless groan that Steve could feel reverberating through his own body as Tony came.
diner were getting used to seeing Iron Man and Captain America, in tuxedos or nice suits, drinking coffee and laughing and arguing about whether pancakes were better with maple syrup or with strawberries.
"I don't, but checking out Clint's arms is all the proof I need. Anyway," he said, "getting back to the subject at hand. If I just thought you were attractive, that would be fine."
Tony laughs at whatever the man said, and then he leads the way to a quieter corner of the room. Steve follows; he’s not going to get too close, but he needs a clear line of sight, in case Tony needs him.
Focusing on that made it impossible for him to think.
That just meant that the enthusiastic hug that Steve got was around his neck, not his knees.
Steve cleared his throat a few times, feeling his face get hot. He closed his eyes, telling himself that Tony was here, that they were lying together on Steve's bed in the dark, and that made everything easier. A little easier, anyway.
"That doesn't count as doing something," Tony complained.
And then Tony stopped cracking jokes, and just went along with Steve, thrusting into Steve's hand and against Steve's cock, while Steve met him, thrust for thrust, and kept kissing him.
Tony shook his head. "It's nothing," he said, because he couldn't make himself say, "I like them."
"Of course we are," Tony said, but he still sounded uncertain. "I designed the beacon, so obviously, it's going to work."
Even when one of the guests has let his hand slide downward, far enough down that it’s definitely not on Tony’s back any more. He waves Steve away, but not before Tony takes one of the bite-sized tarts from Steve’s tray and pops it into his mouth.
"Tell me you're not really this obtuse." Tony was laughing, though, so Steve knew he didn't really think Steve was that naive.
"Just a second," Steve said, disappearing again.
"This isn't like you, though," Steve said. He put his hand on Tony's shoulder; it was warm and heavy and Tony wanted to lean into it the way a cat did when it wanted you to pet it.
Tony asked multiple people--usually someone wearing an Iron Man or Captain America t-shirt--to take pictures of them, and then uploaded them to the internet: Steve and Tony holding hands in front of the penguin enclosure, Steve and Tony with their arms around one another; Steve and Tony grinning ridiculously and posing with a tiny girl with a Hulk t-shirt, who flexed her miniature muscles and scowled just like the real thing.
It made Tony seem not quite so far away, and he hoped that it did the same thing for Tony.
Curious, Steve clicked on the link. The app opened up, and a tweet appeared. He didn't notice the text at first, just the picture.
"The hot water shouldn't run out," Tony said. "I'm going to have to look at the water heater. It's supposed to be an instant heater, but apparently--"
"I know I'm not a super-soldier," Tony said, "but I won't break."
looked a little frayed around the edges.
Tony put his fork down, signaled to their server for more coffee, and said, "Sure. I might even have an answer."
He was close enough to see the moment Tony swallowed hard, to hear Tony's breathing speed up, just the slightest amount. "You," he said.
"Yeah?"
"Probably not," Steve agreed, feeling cheerful about that. Sam and Clint, at least, would have a great time teasing them. Hulk wouldn't care one way or the other, Thor… might, but who could tell how Thor would react to things?, and Natasha would probably behave like a sensible person. "Do you mind?"
"New love, then," she said. "It's still always good to see."
To be honest, given his track record, "occasional fuckbuddies and even more occasional friends" stood a better chance of long term success than anything else, anyway.
"Steve was sober and not a jerk at all."
Tony's head tipped back slightly, a soft groan escaping him, and Steve kissed his way down Tony's jaw to his exposed throat. Steve kept his kisses light, not wanting to leave any visible marks on Tony; they weren't a couple of kids making out in the back seat of Dad's car. The thought of marking Tony was tempting, though. He should bring that up later, when he had more access to skin that wouldn't show under Tony's clothes.
But Steve kept kissing Tony while he fucked him, slow and steady, his lips brushing over Tony's eyelids, his cheeks, his forehead. When he kissed Tony's mouth, Tony parted his lips for Steve, welcoming him in.
Tony groaned as Steve's cock entered him; he clenched tightly around Steve, then Steve felt him relax.
Oh, God, Cap had been the one to put him to bed. Cap, who wouldn't ever get drunk even if he could, had been the one to take him upstairs and put him to bed. Tony wondered when he'd passed out. Hopefully not at the gala itself. In the car home? In the elevator? Had Steve had to carry him up to his apartment?
"We have coffee here," Tony reminded him.
"When I said it was our little secret, I was talking about my so-called evil streak, not our relationship."
"Good thing I didn't plan to send you off to bed, then," Steve said, letting himself grin at Tony. "Maybe we'll do that later," he added, "but right now, I want you in here."
"It's not vandalism if you own the building," Tony replied.
"The point is that maybe I did call you neurotic back at the zoo," Steve said. "I didn't mean to, but maybe I did."
"If that's how you want to spend your time, Tony, I guess I can't stop you."
He might have been stalling, just a little bit.
Tony got up again and went over to see for himself. One of the posters was clearly some kind of first-aid reminder; the illustrations of things like someone applying pressure to a bleeding wound made that clear. The others looked like safety warnings for heavy machinery, maybe construction equipment.
"You didn't think about marrying Pepper?" Steve asked, and then wished he hadn't. Tony had been fairly close-mouthed about what happened with Pepper, and Steve had always respected that.
"If you're doing all the talking, that can't be much fun for you, though."
He'd been assuming all along that Tony was willing to pretend to be dating a man because he wasn't a bigot, and because he wanted to help Steve. And since Tony hadn't ever said anything in any of their statements, Steve had assumed that meant that Tony had wanted to reduce the number of lies he'd told, and wasn't going to claim to be something he wasn't.
Steve had probably believed that Tony meant it.
"I was hoping someone had brought them in," he admitted. "I didn't actually believe it, but I hoped." Steve sighed. "Nobody knows where we are."
"Of course she is."
Tony might not have been a cat, but he definitely wanted Steve to pet him. He didn't pull away, because Steve would either feel bad about touching him or ask questions, but he made himself hold still.
Even with that smile, Steve might have believed him, except that Tony followed it up with, "Anyway, I'm working on a project for SI right now. It's confidential, so I can't have anyone in the lab with me. You understand, don't you?"
Tony catches his eye then, just long enough to wink at Steve. Great. He’s noticed that Steve’s--well, absolutely not jealous, but it probably does look like jealousy. Steve’s never going to hear the end of it.
But Steve came from a time where--well, of course people talked about sex, but in Steve's experience, at least, that had mostly been jokes and boasting. He didn't know what to say, or how to say it. If Tony were here, Steve would have been able to show Tony how he felt without words, which he'd definitely prefer.
"We've been known to do that in the twenty-first century, too," he said.
And, it seemed, someone had snapped a picture.
But he'd stuck to the parts about what Tony could bring to a team, and not to his personal history, and in the twenty-first century, being attracted to men wasn't seen as a significant drawback, just a detail.
"This definitely isn't so bad," he agreed, "but I still really want you here."
"It turns out that it's possible to have a little too much Tony Stark, at least if he's your only option for conversation,
They dressed quickly--Steve back in his uniform, Tony into his undersuit--and before Tony had time to retrieve his helmet from the other room, a ring of bluish light opened in the room.
"That's the best idea I've heard all day. Do you want me to touch myself, too?"
Then again, Steve had read Tony's SHIELD file, and even if he eliminated anything flagged as "unverified" or "questionable," he figured it would take a lot to embarrass Tony Stark.
He took a second to catch his breath, then began to move again, with quick thrusts into Tony.
"Then it's private," Tony said.
He'd been furious with Tony before, to the point where he'd decided that he didn't want to be part of the same team, but he'd never decided he didn't want Tony in his life.
"Hey, Cap," he said when the discussion was over and everyone was starting to go their separate ways, "want to grab some coffee in about half an hour?" They usually did that after Saturday training sessions. It was one of the ways Tony tortured himself.
In the end, it was Tony who broke the spell, and Steve almost thought he sounded apologetic about it.
"You broke up?" she said, leaning toward him sympathetically. "Can you tell us what happened?"
Tony shook his head slowly. "Aren't we a pair."
Tony wasn't in the habit of showing up at Steve's door, period. If he needed to see Steve, he usually asked JARVIS to have Steve meet him in the lounge, or in Tony's lab, or one of the training rooms. But he definitely didn't just turn up unannounced.
So once the elevator doors closed behind them, Steve said, "JARVIS? Stop the elevator. If anyone asks, it's out of service, maintenance has been called, and nobody's inside."
Tony had just pierced the yolk of one of the eggs when Steve came back in with a thermal carafe and two mugs. He poured out a cup of coffee and set it on Tony's nightstand, then poured some in the second cup and took a drink.
"Thanks," Steve said, accepting the cup and taking a drink. "And, how did that go?"
Not when he was in public, at least.
Steve shook his head. "I can wait. The aftertaste is mostly gone."
Steve wasn't as sure about himself. "I feel like a waiter," he muttered, as he and Tony walked into the hotel where the event was being held.
"I really cannot recommend that you go in there, Captain," JARVIS insisted, but the door lock disengaged anyway.
"Not this time. There really isn't much to say about it." Unless, of course, you were stalling, which Tony might have been.
"Not until next Tuesday; Clint and Natasha are out in the field."
"I'm not made of glass," Tony said, and that was a lie, because Tony felt like he was nothing
That brought Tony out of wherever he'd been hiding today. Probably his lab, but Steve hadn't checked; they had to spend enough time together that Steve thought it was best for him to leave Tony alone when they were in the tower. He didn't have to invade all of Tony's private life just because their public lives were temporarily entangled.
know that, and he wouldn't have said what he did. "I didn't say that."
And he'd have taken his socks off. He hated sleeping in socks.
"You wouldn't find it embarrassing?"
Tony held up his coffee. "I'm good, thanks."
Tony had had time to think, after all, and he could have decided that this would be a mistake. That no matter how lonely and bored he was now, if they were ever able to bring him home, Steve could be a complication he didn't want in his life.
But it wasn't seventy years ago, so Steve swallowed hard, past the tightness in his throat, and said, "I hear it's complicated. Not always worth it."
“It’s midnight, I’ve spent the last couple of hours playing, ‘No, of course I don’t think you’re an idiot,’ which is my least favorite game, and believe me, we didn’t talk about SHIELD tech. If you want me to make a statement, you can come to the tower tomorrow. Tomorrow
"It's possible," Steve admitted. "I'm glad you told me. I'm sorry you told me when you were two minutes from passing out drunk, but I'm still glad you told me." His hand was on Tony's knee now, warm and reassuring through Tony's jeans.
Tony's only reaction to the loss of at least eight hours was to shrug and say, "Really?" At least losing track of time was behavior Steve expected from Tony, unlike the thing Steve was still unable to think about for more than a few seconds at a time. "Okay, so you're back. But if there'd been an emergency, you'd have put out the call to assemble, not just dropped by the lab. You'd be in uniform, too."
"If I remembered that, this morning would have gone very differently," he said. "I thought I'd done something terrible, or at least hugely inappropriate, and I wanted to avoid a conversation that involved you being understanding. I didn't think I could handle being understood, not with a hangover. Not when 'understanding' is shorthand for 'please don't ever do that again, Tony, I'm trying hard not to run away screaming.'"
Tony didn't remember going to bed; he didn't actually remember leaving the gala, for that matter. The first thing he did, then, was to take stock.
"Do you want us to pretend you never said anything about it?" Steve offered.
"Anyway," Tony went on, "no, I went to bed. I just... decided that sleeping was not in my best interests."
A cleared throat made Steve drag his gaze up from the floor. Tony--now fully dressed again--was sitting on the edge of the table. He seemed to have no problem meeting Steve's eyes.
Tony already had his helmet off, which made it impossible to miss the bruise on his cheek and the trickle of blood on his forehead. "I thought you said you were okay?" Steve said.
Steve couldn't remember seeing the door before, but he was generally focused on either Tony or on whatever tech Tony was working on. He wasn't usually looking at storage cabinets. "You can go first, if you want," he offered, although he hoped Tony would say no.
"Selfish, because I want to get to be inside you when you come. I want to feel you clench tight around me. And when you say my name like that…" He broke off for a second, then took a deep breath.
"The part where you want to us to pretend we're a couple," Tony said. He came back and sat down on the end of the couch closest to Steve's chair. "I understand not going in for frantic denial, the whole 'protesting too much' thing. That's the best way to convince people that you're gay, dating me, and desperate to hide it."
A moment later, the tray clattered to the floor, its contents bouncing off in multiple directions.
Well, Tony would be tempted to find a big stupid stick of his own and smack Steve over his big stupid head with it. He wouldn't do it, but he'd be tempted.
"It's like you know me." Tony was smiling slightly, and Steve smiled back.
"No, I haven't been using the reactor in your lab to make popcorn. That was years ago," Clint said. "If anyone's been doing that, it was probably Thor."
"Present company most definitely not excepted," Tony said. The kid just laughed.
"At least at the moment, I don't mind that you're not controlling your impulses," Steve admitted, though he pushed Tony's hand aside so that he could work on undoing Tony's pants.
Well, maybe it was, and maybe Steve was hoping Tony would take him up on it.
"Not this kind of idea," Tony said.
"Not in a lab," Tony predicted. "Where anyone with a hero complex--"
"It was intended for 'people,'" Tony agreed. "Not necessarily humans. We're not on Earth." At least not theirs. That portal could have sent them to another planet, but it could just as easily have sent them through to another dimension. "There's no saying the people here even need light to see. Or that they see at all."
So he settled grumpily on one of the benches near the door, taking a spectrographic reading of the composition of the floor tiles to pass the time.
of a jerk was I?"
"We really are." Steve forced a smile. "But we're here. That's a good thing." Mostly. He'd regretted that a lot when he'd first been revived, but less and less over time. A lot less after he'd met the others. He had a home. He had friends. He had a purpose. That helped in more ways than he could put into words.
They both knew it wasn't.
If they were careful, they wouldn't do this.
"I have a meeting with Maria Hill tomorrow," Steve said.
He was about to ask JARVIS if that would be a good idea when Tony walked right past him, climbed into Steve’s bed, and pulled the covers up over himself.
Unlike some of the living quarters in the tower, Tony's was an actual apartment: a living room with a small kitchenette attached, a bedroom, an office that he almost never used. If he needed to do Stark Industries business, he went into SI; if it was Avengers-related, he did it in the lab, or tried to get Steve to do whatever it was, since it was probably boring.
"He probably will," Clint agreed. "It can't have been that terrible. But will you get over it?"
"I do," he admitted. "But this one has been better than most. Maybe it was the company."
"Fine." Tony sighed. He was right, he knew it. But if Steve wouldn't admit that, it didn't matter. "Then just tell me one thing, and I'll go. What happened last night that you wanted to talk about, before I started apologizing for things that I didn't even remember doing?"
"And that was wrong," Steve said. "It would have been necessary, but…"
"We're friends," Steve said. "Of course you're important to me. Even when I'm furious with you, you're important to me."
"It's probably why you fell in love with me." Steve got out another glass and filled it with water.
"I won't be long," Steve promised, pulling up his pajama pants for the short walk to the bathroom.
"Maybe you want me to tell you that I have a sketchbook full of pictures of my cock," Steve said.
"Oh," Steve said, which could have been worse.
Steve wasn't completely sure of that. If he wasn't careful, he'd leave bruises on Tony's skin, livid marks where his fingers bit into tender flesh, and Steve didn't want pain to remind Tony of him.
"Okay," Tony said, "it's more like some notes and a question."
Also, foolish, because what Steve doesn’t know about walking around offering rich people their choice of pumpkin and goat cheese empanadas or caviar and creme fraiche tartlets is… a lot. Possibly more than Hulk doesn’t know about good oral hygiene. He’s picked up some advice from the other waiters, enough to not call attention to his incompetence, but not enough to feel comfortable.
"Sounds like even after losing both me and the tower, the Avengers are doing just fine," Tony said.
"Oh, that," Tony said, shaking his head. "No. I meant it. I enjoyed tonight, especially the company. Come and have coffee with me."
He'd come by this foul mood honestly, and he was going to savor it. If Steve wanted to get him out of it, he was going to have to work for it.
"It is totally the biceps," he agreed, "and thanks for confirming that you're definitely not straight."
He'd settle for that, and it wouldn't even feel like settling.
If Steve hadn't still been a little dazed, he probably would have said something about Tony's ego.
But this wasn't a perfect world, as demonstrated by both dinosaurs attacking Long Island and the fact that Steve and Tony were friends and teammates, but nothing else.
"Trust me," Tony promised. "Would I do that to you?"
Maybe he wouldn't get the chance to take things slowly.
"But I'm not trusting whatever it is until we take the time to check it out," Tony finished for him. "It's okay. Spit will do."
He'd never claimed to be a genius the way Tony and Bruce were, but he'd always thought of himself as reasonably smart. Better at some things than others, but at least average.
Yeah, they probably were, and Tony revised his plans for dinner downward a little. "For the love of god, no plaid," he said. "But beyond that, I trust you. You won't need a tie, though."
"I hate those assholes," Tony said. "In general, but also because they keep trying to use you. I know what you believe in, and I think it's about time that they figured it out, too." He smiled at Steve, and this time, Steve had no problem smiling back.
"I'm fine, but thanks," Steve said. "I found the bathroom, too." He waved his hand in the direction of another, narrower, doorway that Tony hadn't noticed earlier.
a team celebration."
"And you aren't lonely?"
Steve frowned. "Why would that mean that I didn't--"
"How would you get me to do that?" Steve's hand was moving faster now, as Tony kept talking, describing every way he wanted to touch Steve.
"I have poor impulse control," Tony said. "Hadn't you heard?"
Well, he was committed now. It'd be better to go on than to leave it here. "But the thing is, I realized something. To be honest, as much as I hate to admit this, Clint helped me figure something out. If I'd done that, you'd have been mad at me last night. You probably would have made sure I got to bed safely, and you might even have left water and ibuprofen out for me, because you're a good person."
"A date."
It would have been easier if they'd still had JARVIS, because then he could have just had the AI put together a nearly infinite list of music Tony liked, but he thought he'd done all right.
Steve still didn't say anything. Tony saw his jaw tighten as he very definitely didn't say anything, and he wondered what it was that Steve was trying so hard not to say.
But if they weren't... Steve shook his head and decided he needed to lighten the mood. "You don't strike me as the kind of guy who'd need all the traditional trappings of a proposal."
, see Steve's face when he said what he was about to say.
He'd also have preferred a good steak to the three small beef medallions on his plate, but at least they'd had food on the menu that he recognized and knew he'd like.
No one was attacking Tony.
"If you don't mind letting us have a mailing address," Tony said, "I'll send her a framed copy of this."
Steve doubted that anyone but Tony had ever done that, exactly. "There are wo--
Steve made a few mental calculations. As long as he was ready to get on the quinjet by eight, everything would be fine. He never took long to shower and dress, so he had until seven-thirty. It wasn't four-thirty yet.
He'd almost left it too late this time, too.
Steve glances over in Tony’s direction; he’s checking his own phone, so Steve doesn’t have to worry about passing the information on to him. They’d agreed, when they planned this out, that if SHIELD decided to make an arrest tonight, Tony would try to lead their target away from the party, so that the arrival of SHIELD agents wouldn’t disrupt a party that was supposed to be raising money for the oncology ward at a children’s hospital.
Right now, Steve crooked his fingers again in the way that made Tony's breath hiss between his teeth.
On the jet back to New York, Tony kept starting to say something to Steve, and then changing his mind. Eventually, though, he said, "Thanks. For today, I mean. I know it can't have been much fun for you, listening to me talk about AI development and then looking at a bunch of buildings."
"I'm not saying I approve." And if they'd really been a couple, Steve would have made a point of getting Tony in bed at a decent hour. Though if they'd really been a couple, Steve would have had a fairly strong lure to use. "I'm just saying that arguing with you isn't likely to work."
He wasn't supposed to keep dreaming about it, seventy years later. So no, he didn't want to tell Tony about the nightmares, but he also didn't want Tony to think that Steve was judging him for not immediately getting over flying into that wormhole.
Steve shook his head. "I like this better," he said. "I know neither of us is exactly a college kid, but they asked us, and I think it'd mean more to them than it would to the Stark Industries people." He smiled. "Having you on the float might even make it harder for them to enjoy themselves. You
But still, when Tony and Bruce finished bringing the food to the table, Tony casually snagged his mug off the table, refilled it, and then sat down at the other end of the table, next to Natasha.
Steve usually avoided these things; Steve usually avoided any event that he couldn't show up to in the Captain America get-up. "At least that's comfortable," Steve had said earlier tonight, scowling at himself in a mirror. "I'm just a guy from Brooklyn. I don't belong at some swanky party, and I look stupid in this fancy suit."
He hadn't been, though, and for a second, all he could do was blink.
Steve raised his own glass; he'd let Tony order whatever wine he thought would go well with the food they'd ordered. Steve knew you drank red wine with red meat, and white wine with chicken and fish, and beyond that... he had no idea.
He'd gone along with it even though he didn't really drink much. It seemed like the kind of thing you'd do on a date in a fancy restaurant, and even though the wine wouldn't have any effect on him, he'd drink it for appearance's sake.
"I have two mommies," the girl informed him. "And two daddies. And Mama's growing a baby for Daddy and Dad."
"How did that go?" Tony said. "What was happening, anyway?"
"Great." He tried not to look thrilled, because this was just part of their arrangement. It wasn't about Tony recognizing this was important to him. This was just another public appearance to make sure that no one in the Western Hemisphere was unaware that Steve Rogers, Captain America, wasn't straight.
To fuck him.
And the note propped against one of the glasses that said,
Tony frowned. It wasn't like Steve had never seen his back before. There couldn't be anything about it that would make Steve change his mind. He turned around so that he could frown at Steve directly. "What?"
behind him…
Tony snorted, but instead of saying anything, took out his phone and started tapping at the screen. "Thanks," he said to the young woman who filled his coffee cup, and then handed the phone to Steve. "I didn't come out because of this."
"I'd make you ask me for it," Tony was saying, "but as soon as you did, I wouldn't make you wait any more; I'd take your cock in my hand and give you what you needed."
People had gone to the moon while Steve had been frozen. The actual
Neither of them did much talking--which again, was unusual for them, or at least for him. Steve usually seemed to like it when Tony talked during sex, so Tony made sure to do it a lot. But he didn't know what he'd say now, because the only thing he wanted to say was the one thing he wasn't going to.
"I needed access to my tools," Tony said. "This is still a prototype. I expected to need to make adjustments." Then his brow furrowed. "Why did you come down here, anyway? I thought you were going to be away from the tower all afternoon."
if Steve were stupid.
He took a deep breath. "All those stories you've heard about Tony? I don't know if they're true or not. They're probably all at least partly true, though. But the Tony Stark I know? He's so much more than that. He's so much
all of them.
"Once you came," Tony said after a moment, "I'd take it nice and slow for a while. Who knows, I might never get the chance to do this again. It's not likely--I'd make sure that you enjoyed yourself, after all--but who knows? You might decide this isn't for you."
"Hey," Tony said, "there's something I wanted to ask you."
"My way involves a bed," Steve said, bending down so that he could speak directly into Tony's ear. "Probably your bed. I bet your sheets are nicer."
And Tony wasn't going to stop there. He might as well rip the band-aid off altogether, if he had already potentially destroyed their friendship.
Tony had even suggested a Stark Industries tech grant that the award winner, who worked in a school library, might want to apply for; it would let them upgrade the school computer network. "Mention my name, it can't hurt."
cold," he said. "I just meant--well, isn't that lonely?"
"It could be fun," Tony said.
He'd have time to figure that out later. He didn't want to think about having time to figure that out later, because he didn't want to think about how they were stuck here.
He didn't care. He
"We should probably head upstairs," he suggested, his mouth still pressed against the hot skin of Tony's neck.
Steve didn't say anything at first, just set his coffee cup down on Tony's nightstand. Then he took a deep breath, and Tony braced himself for an inspiring lecture about personal accountability and responsible drinking.
He held the sketchbook at arm's length, surveying it critically. He'd found Rhino's look of utter surprise when he rounded a corner and found himself trapped between the two Avengers to be comical, and he'd let that come through in his drawing; the style was more cartoonish than the portraits that had hung on his wall at the tower.
Steve laughed, and then gasped as he dragged his thumb across the head of his cock. "This is going to be so much better when it's you."
But it was the last night, and he would be back in New York by mid-morning, so he hadn't.
Steve nodded. "It'd have to be very public indeed. I don't want them to be able to say, 'At least he's one of the good ones. He may not be able to help being a fairy, but at least he doesn't shove it in our faces.'" Actually, he hadn't heard anyone use "fairy" since he'd come out of the ice, but he assumed Tony would get the point.
Instead, of course, Steve pulled out, then shifted his weight so that he could take hold of Tony's cock and stroke him until his back arched and he thrust helplessly into Steve's fist, then came.
"Thor's coming to help?" he asked Steve when they were gone.
He didn't realize he actually had said that out loud until Tony answered him.
He hadn't even flipped the switch before JARVIS spoke, sounding as apologetic as an artificial intelligence could. "I regret having to disturb you, Captain. There is no danger, but your assistance is required."
"Everything's fine," Steve lied. Then he realized that they were going to be doing this for a while. He couldn't just keep lying to Tony about being miserable.
Besides, Tony never did it again.
He considered the message for a moment. Steve wanted Tony to know where he was, but he hadn't made a move to contact Tony directly.
"I guess I do," he said, "but tell me again about how Widow's stings weren't strong enough to take out Rhino? I need to fix that for her."
"You sound pretty focused to me," Steve said. He pressed his hand against Tony's mouth. "Get it wet for me."
"No problem, then. I should have something ready for the two of us to try out on Sunday afternoon, and then if there are any changes I need to make, I can do it before Tuesday."
Now, when Steve was doing his best to understand, because Tony was nothing if not contrary.
"Make it a double," he decided. Steve might want him to eat something to soak up what he'd been drinking, but Tony was determined that he was going to out-drink whatever Steve fed him.
"Sure thing," Tony said. "Any idea what kind of time frame we're talking about?"
Steve frowned. "And you were too keyed up to sleep?"
“I didn’t mind,” Steve said, struggling to inject enough feeling into the words to make Tony understand. “It only happens when you’ve been staying awake for too long, and if stealing my blankets is what it takes for you to get a good night’s sleep…” He ran out of words, shrugging again.
The images that remained online still infuriated Steve--lots of captions about American traditions and old-fashioned values--but the lawyer had said that there wasn't much they could do about them, since the wording was ambiguous.
The next week, Tony had had a speaking engagement at MIT, and Steve had gone along with him. Afterward, they'd toured the campus, Tony pointing out various buildings and telling stories about himself and Rhodey as undergraduates.
Steve's brain kept shutting down at key points in the sentence, such as what the remote-operated armor had attached to it, and what that attachment was doing.
Tony shrugged. "I don't know how. He came in, said he wanted to talk about last night, I apologized and told him that I'd appreciate it if we pretended it never happened, and..."
"I heard that," Tony said. "Or, I guess technically, I didn't hear that."
"You knew I was drawing you?" Steve asked, eyes narrowing.
"I, uh," he began. "I get that you seem to be really into making this last as long as possible, and hell, I'm buying you a book on tantric sex in the morning, that is absolutely the kind of evil delayed-gratification thing you have a gift for, but--"
Steve rolled with the jokes, laughing along even though he couldn't yet find anything funny about the situation. He'd handled it badly, and Tony was angry with him, and that meant he was in danger of losing the one thing that Tony had been able to give him: his friendship.
Steve set the tray down on the nearest table. "I wasn't calling
"But you don't?"
But perfect for Steve. If he wanted to be with someone who was never irritating and never found Steve irritating, either, he wouldn't have ever thought about Tony in the first place.
, the same place he'd given his first interview after his "relationship" with Tony had gone public, and Megan McLaren had brought up their recent appearances at marriage equality events.
Steve didn't know how long their act would continue. Probably not that much longer; Tony was going to want to start having a real social life again eventually. When it ended, Steve was going to have to work hard to move past the way he felt about Tony. But for right now, maybe he could just let himself enjoy it.
Maybe it was foolish of him to fuss over Tony like this. It wasn't like the man couldn't pay someone to bring him food on a regular basis, if he thought it mattered.
"Good to know," Steve echoed, even though he saw Tony's eyes before Tony turned away, and they made him think of ice.
It was also, he realized, that he was hoping their conversations would take a more personal turn now, and
That wasn't
Steve turned to go. He'd leave the sandwiches and fruit in the kitchen; someone would eat them before morning.
"Antibiotics," Steve said. "Vaccines." They'd had both of those things in the forties, but antibiotics had been brand new, and polio, measles, and mumps had been all too present. "Computers," he acknowledged after a moment, "even if I think you're too dependent on them. Space travel."
“Oh,” Tony mumbled. “Steve.” He said something else, but Steve couldn’t make the words out, and if Tony was asleep, they probably wouldn’t make much sense anyway.
And Steve wasn't likely to come to him, not after last night. There were usually several weeks between the times they fucked, long enough that every time, Tony had been sure that it had been the last time.
"I promise. Anything else?"
"Tell you a secret," Tony said. "I'm not doing it for you guys. I'm doing it because of what his face looked like when he saw your kid dressed like that."
"And you don't have to come to the parade," Steve said. "I'll tell them you're not available, and I'll go alone."
But Steve was from an era where people didn't just jump into bed together. Well, people being people, Tony thought they probably did, but they didn't think they were supposed to.
Steve hadn't been mad at him after whatever it was that had happened last night. He'd been mad after Tony had blown it off as "I do stupid things when I'm drunk," and asked Steve to pretend that it hadn't ever happened.
Steve can feel his eyebrows shooting up toward his hairline. “Drag you off, hm?”
Steve had turned down a lot of the requests for interviews that had come in after the official statement about his sexuality and his relationship with Tony had hit the internet.
Steve nodded. "Thanks."
"You getting close?" Tony asked. "Not that I'm trying to hurry you, honestly, but if there's anything I can do--" He pushed back against Steve's cock, drawing him in deeper, and Steve groaned.
"Since when are my plans stupid?" Tony demanded.
It wasn't just about what Steve had seen a few minutes ago. That was obviously a large part of it; that was what had put this specific idea into Steve's head.
"I'm not making coffee. We can have coffee later, maybe, if this conversation goes well."
"Don't tell anybody. We wouldn't want them to lose faith in Captain America."
"Ooh," Tony said, and Steve could picture him waggling his eyebrows and giving Steve an exaggerated leer. "Dirty pictures?"
"Because," one of the organizers said, "once Captain America and Iron Man take the stage, everyone's going to be all about you guys. I mean, you're great, we need the high-profile support, we're happy you're here, but I have to be realistic."
Steve knew better than that, really. Of course it meant something. It meant that Tony felt the need to put some distance between himself and Steve. Not just in public, where it would have made sense since they'd just "broken up," but in the tower as well. It meant that even though Tony was a fairly hands-on person, even before all of this, he didn't want to be close enough to Steve that they could touch.
"I'll be counting the seconds," Tony said. And it was true, but mostly because this would all be over, and in ten minutes, he and Steve would get back to normal.
Steve smiled again. "I'm glad it's a good idea, and if you need me to help you go through all the recordings, I'll be happy to. But it was just an excuse to get you to talk to me."
“I what?”
"Yes," Steve agreed. "I know they exist, and I can understand why someone might want to use them." Steve's hand had always been enough for him, but there were some things, obviously, that might be better with a little assistance.
"I came back ready to have an adult conversation about what happened last night." Steve smiled. "I probably should have known better than to expect that."
It didn't really matter. What was important was that Steve was finally taking the chance to make it clear to the world exactly what values Captain America stood for. That was why he'd agreed to present the awards at a ceremony recognizing educators who had, as the invitations had read, "demonstrated excellence in serving the needs of their LGBTQIA+ students."
He checked through the lockers and then stuck his head back out. "There's some stuff in here that might fit you," he said, "unless you want to stay wrapped in the flag."
"Is it bitter? Bitter things are more likely to be toxic."
Steve couldn't think of an answer to that, at least not one that didn't agree with Tony, so he decided that now was the perfect time for what he'd had in mind: pushing Tony up against the wall of the elevator and kissing him.
And that was so much like what Tony had been thinking himself, before he'd gotten sidetracked by being annoyed at Steve's very existence, that it took him a moment to register that this wasn't just a "the old days were so much better," pronouncement.
And it didn't seem like they were opposed to the idea of Steve intentionally upsetting people who reminded him, a lot, of the people he'd been fighting back in the forties. They just didn't like this particular plan, because they all thought it was going to end badly somehow.
"No?"
Surely he was; it wasn't like Tony had ever been a man of few words. That was Steve himself, although he might have been more talkative if he hadn't been so happy to listen to Tony.
you to do that now," he corrected himself, "what would happen?"
Steve hadn't even thought of it that way. He'd just thought that Tony needed to get out of his head a little. Maybe both of them did. A short walk, good food, pleasant company, and maybe Tony would be able to get a little sleep before he needed to start his day.
Steve sometimes pretended to be all brawn, no brains--or at least, no head for science, math, or technology--but he'd demonstrated more than once that it wasn't true. Steve wasn't on Tony's level, or even Sam's, but Steve was smart; he understood a lot more of what Tony said than he usually let on.
Steve would have no problem remembering the details of that story.
On the other hand, Tony was here, and he was tempting, and Steve had decided to give in to temptation.
"Why you didn't just apologize for interrupting me and beat a hasty retreat, for one thing," Tony said. "You looked like you were about to spontaneously combust from embarrassment, so why are you still here?"
That was what he’d heard in his sleep, Steve realized: JARVIS asking him for help.
That left Tony free to apply his superior intellect to the problem of finding the most efficient way of getting blackout drunk.
The warm feeling in Steve's chest that had flared at the realization that Tony thought this thing between them was something serious made it easy for him to believe that maybe they would.
Steve could only stand rooted to the spot, looking anywhere but at Tony's face as the armor lumbered over to the other side of the room.
"I don't ask you for--Tony, you built this tower for us," he said. "And everything else you do for the team, besides."
The worst of it was gone now, the stuff that was legally actionable, like using a picture of Captain America and text that implied that Steve was on board with deporting refugees, or killing doctors who performed abortions, or letting the police shoot unarmed people just for being black.
Afterward, he slumped against Tony until he caught his breath--more metaphorically than literally, but he felt a little bit shaken by the whole experience. Then, reluctantly, he pulled out.
Steve shook his head. "They didn't know. I didn't know I was going to say that, until I did." Tony looked visibly upset; if Steve had known it would bother him that much for Steve to make a statement without talking to him first, Steve would have tried harder to stop himself from blurting out the truth.
"Your date's already impressed," Steve said, which wasn't a lie at all.
He'd noticed the drinking, obviously; Tony had been the recipient of a lot of concerned looks. But he hadn't noticed the timing, and so he wasn't any closer to unraveling the mystery of who Tony had been trying to avoid.
To be honest, he could probably have just walked in; he had override access to every door in the tower except the private living areas, and he doubted Tony would have locked him out anyway. He only locked the lab when he was working on something more than usually likely to explode.
There was no way this could end badly, Steve reminded himself. At least, no way that it could end badly that wouldn't also be possible if he and Tony were really a couple.
He looked vague and distracted, but if Steve had passed him in the hall, he would have chalked it up to exhaustion and overwork. Tony had looked vague and distracted for days now.
Steve stretched out on the couch. “The things I do for you,” he said, softly so that he didn’t disturb Tony, and watched the light of the arc reactor rise and fall with Tony’s breathing until he fell asleep.
Once Steve had cleaned himself up, he washed his face, too, drying it on one of the ridiculously soft towels, and then decided that if Tony didn't want to move, he shouldn't have to.
"I'm sober now," Tony said. "And I still feel the same way. It's not just that I think you're hot. I think a lot of people are hot. I occasionally think Hawkeye is hot."
"We're all right," Steve agreed. "We could be better."
"He hasn't even asked me yet," Tony said. Then, to Steve, he added, "And since you're an old-fashioned guy, I expect the ring, the going down on one knee, the whole deal." Steve looked at Tony's shoulder, because looking him in the eye felt dangerous, while the audience chuckled.
"I thought you were working on plans for the next Stark Expo."
"You mean sex toys."
Steve opened up the larger jar and dipped the sponge in it. "This is from the bathroom," he said. "It's probably safe to use for washing, right?"
He'd only had a short look at the dimension Tony was in now, and Dr. Strange had implied that it would be possible for Tony to make it more comfortable for himself than the bare space that they'd seen. But Steve didn't know what it looked like now, or what Tony was doing, so he sketched it the way he'd seen it, all planes and angles.
That was as close to a show of support as they were going to get, it seemed.
Steve had to agree.
That was technically a lie, because Steve had been too stunned at the time for coherent thought.
Of course, he'd just prefer Tony to be here, in general.
"Tony," Steve said, and Tony's hearing had never been affected by alcohol before, but now it was making it sound like Steve's voice was shaking. "Would you--could you look at me? Please?"
Steve had been thinking about that. He hadn't actually had anything in mind when he made the suggestion; it had just been the kind of thing he thought Tony would be willing to talk to him about, away from the others so that there could be an element of surprise, at least the first time they unveiled the new training program.
"We'd want the recordings off for that, too," Steve said. "It's vandalism."
And then Bruce and Reed Richards--Tony knew that voice had sounded familiar--had opened a portal and Steve and Tony had stepped through it.
"I know," Steve said, still gently wiping every trace of what they'd done from Tony's body. "I'm doing this because I want to. Let me."
Steve reached for a napkin and wiped the pizza grease off his hands. "I prefer to be honest," he said, "but sometimes, misleading the enemy is the best thing you can do--and the people I'm talking are enemies to everything I stand for. And like I said, the only lie is the relationship. I really am bisexual. I really do believe in all the things I'm going to publicly support."
"Then it does," Steve said. "I won't enjoy the publicity, but it seems worth it to me."
"I might remind you that you have frequently used me as--"
Now it was Steve's turn to swallow hard. "And you didn't even argue?"
"So," he went on, "this is a private conversation. People did talk about 'this kind of thing' in private. At least if they were with other people who would understand."
"I have a question, first."
If Tony had seen him that clearly, how much else had he seen? Did he look at the meals brought to the lab, the insistence that Tony needed to learn proper fighting techniques, the unwavering faith in Tony--not always in Tony's judgment, no, but in his
--to bend him over a lab table, that was fine.
Not that smiling back at the guy was wrong; even given that Steve and Tony weren't really a couple, he and the man were in the same situation, being shown locations for stories that usually ended with, "You probably had to be there."
Not even tonight, when they'd gone out to another fundraiser--this one in support of a shelter for kids who were homeless because they were gay or trans--and then out for coffee and pancakes afterward, which was becoming a habit. The staff at this
" in between what Tony actually said.
Still, things were more or less back to normal, and dinner conversation was, too: updates on the separate missions and projects they were working on, an argument about who had left the water running in the shower attached to the gym, plans for the next team training session.
Steve shrugged, putting his arms around Tony and pulling him in for a kiss. "What can I say? I want our friends to be as happy as we are."
"You know," Tony said, looking up with a smile, "if this crime-fighting thing doesn't work out for you, you're a natural at waiting tables."
"I thought you might get it," Tony said. "I mean, not that you'd ever do anything like this, not Captain America. But I thought you might get being… lonely, and not wanting to risk that you might trust the wrong person."
He poured out more lube, directly into his palm this time, and rubbed his hands together briefly to take the chill off the gel. Then he slid a finger along the cleft of Tony's ass, finding the tight pucker of his hole and pushing the broad tip of his finger inside.
Questions like, "
Besides, Tony had a sneaking suspicion that he knew who it was. After all, if Tony had been in as bad of shape last night as he thought he'd been, Steve would definitely have wanted to come and check on him.
Steve frowned a little. "There aren't any villains here, are there? It doesn't seem like the kind of place they'd be invited to, but--"
But that got lonely, so Steve tended to pull the coffee table closer to one of the couches in the lounge, and work where there would at least be someone passing through from time to time.
Steve felt guilty about it sometimes, knowing how hard food had sometimes been to come by in his younger days, but since the serum, he needed a lot of food to keep going. At a place like this, where the food all came in artfully arranged small servings, it was embarrassing to have to admit that no, that really wasn't going to work for him.
Steve kept stroking Tony through his orgasm, not taking his hand away until Tony shook his head. "Too much," he said, and Steve moved his hand to rest on Tony's hip instead.
Because Steve was, as he'd just realized, an idiot.
Steve interrupted him before Tony went off on another tangent. "But you'd like me to get to the point now?" His hand sped up on Tony's cock, and he leaned forward again to brush a kiss against the sweat-dampened hair at Tony's neck.
Okay, it made perfect sense now that Steve would be pissed off at him. Hell, Tony was pissed off at himself.
"That's what I'm saying," Tony pointed out.
Right now, he took his hand away, and then gave into a sudden impulse of his own. "Hands above your head," he told Tony, who grinned.
"That's what Sam said." On the Avengers' end, Tony talked directly to a computer, which was able to render his precise descriptions into equally precise drawings, but going in the other direction, Tony had to do that himself, and it wasn't quite as easy. "But then you wouldn't be bored, and you wouldn't need to talk to me in the first place."
Tony clearly wanted him to go, and it would mean he could get away from here, away from Tony's amused expression and the armor standing silently in its niche.
"I'll keep that in mind," Tony said, just as Steve realized that not all the civilians had been removed from the area--never underestimate the stubbornness of someone who thought they could get video of actual dinosaurs--and some of them had their phones out.
Steve was tempted, but kept going. The sooner they were in the elevator, the sooner they could be upstairs, where there was privacy. And a bed.
--then there'd be no coming back from that, not for a lot of people.
"I never argue when you tell me to do something I wanted to do anyway." Steve must have looked skeptical, because he added, "Well, almost never."
Steve sighed. "I know. But what I meant is--" He shook his head, reaching out and putting his hand on Tony's forearm. Even before they'd pretended to be a couple, Steve would have done that without hesitation, and Tony wouldn't have objected.
It felt like home.
Clearly, the problem was under-caffeination, because by the time he'd drunk half the coffee, he'd seen it.
And there was, but there wasn't anything Steve could do about it.
When they got back to the Tower, Steve expected Tony to head straight for the lab or the penthouse, but instead, he followed Steve onto the floor where all the common living areas were located.
"What are you doing?" Tony asked, sounding a little bit breathless.
Steve got that, too. "The latter," he said. "For me, anyway. At least going into the ice was just bad for me." For Peggy, too, and the remaining Commandos, and maybe Howard. But they'd have mourned him no matter how they'd lost him. It was sad, but not a horror the way it was for him. "If Hydra had succeeded, millions of people would have died, and life would have become a nightmare for the rest."
Steve nearly choked on his garlic bread.
It wasn't fair. Tony wasn't ashamed or even embarrassed, while Steve's face was hot and his stomach was twisted into knots.
Steve hadn't read too deeply into Tony's SHIELD file, or anyone else's. He'd wanted to get to know them for who they were, not for Nick Fury's opinion of them. The part where Tony was a narcissistic man-child who tended to self-medicate with entirely too much alcohol--that, he'd read. It was on the first page.
“I have some clothes you can sleep in,” Steve offered. “No need to go up to your quarters. You can come back with me and go straight to sleep.”
car keys, please let me drive as much as possible." He'd have to send the kids out for multiple coffee runs. Totally out of the goodness of his heart, and not because he both wanted coffee and to get the kids out from underfoot.
But finally, Tony got a text letting him know that their car was outside, and with a sigh of relief, he told Steve, "Time to go home."
"I thought we
"Okay," Tony said, "I did know that. But not like now."
"Not really. I mean, if you're not interested in getting married, then... a theoretical discussion about getting married to someone you're only pretending to date would be as close as you need to get."
And yes, he and Steve had been yelling at one another, which was probably why neither of them had noticed the ring of unnatural light appearing in the air next to them until it swallowed them up.
"You think so?"
"How'd you find us?" Tony asked. "This isn't even where we came through."
"She's a beautiful woman in sweats and a t-shirt," Tony went on. "Dressed up like this, she's a knockout. Now imagine that you're in unrequited love with her."
"As long as I can take my time," he said, and if he hadn't been watching, he'd have missed the flash of disappointment.
"He's not a moron, so possibly?" Clint shrugged. "On the other hand, he might have chalked it all up to your being very, very drunk, and not taken it seriously."
And then, Tony had woken up and immediately sworn to Steve that everything he'd said and done the night before had been the alcohol talking, and that it would never be repeated again.
"Your place or mine?" Tony said. With his hands free now, he was straightening his clothing, tucking himself away again and zipping up his pants.
“Really.”
"I felt bad for you," Steve corrected him. "Sympathy, not pity. I've been in that position before, and I knew how you must be feeling."
"I've been on dates with people wearing worse outfits."
magazine, at least in part so that he could follow what Tony was talking about. Tony had already been in love with Steve before he'd found that out, but that had made him fall even harder.
Steve liked.
They were also the kinds that would bring the bigots out of the woodwork, and that was the point of this whole thing.
There was a moment's pause, and then Tony said, "Maybe I should."
They'd already proved that they could do this--that nothing went terribly wrong between them if they had sex.
"Sir, are you driving tonight?" the bartender asked him.
Tony shook his head. "Nothing like that." He thought about smirking at Steve and saying something along the lines of, "Guess we'll have to make our own fun."
"But," Tony went on after another sip of his drink, "you get that once you do that, there's no walking it back, right? You and I, sure, we can break up, that won't be a problem. But once you've publicly come out as gay..."
"Yeah?" Steve asked. "So if you were here, what would you want me to do?"
Steve let the tirade go on for another block before saying, "Hey, Tony? Could you maybe rein your ego in just a little? I'm on a date with you, not it, and I'm not into threesomes."
"I can get that," Tony offered.
"Is that surprising?"
Steve sighed. "All right, come in."
"He brought you breakfast? Wait, is that why he was asking about hangover cures?"
“You don’t have to wake me up,” Steve told JARVIS as he got into bed. “As long as Tony’s okay, he can come in and go to bed. It’ll be fine.”
Tomorrow, maybe.
"Okay," Tony said. "I don't need you to. I'd have preferred a heads-up, but I see why that didn't happen. So what did you want to talk about?"
"Thor should be here in a few minutes to help load the truck," Steve said. "Get him a large black coffee, and bring some cream and sugar. I don't remember how he takes it."
Sometimes while they were still talking, but then, at least, Steve kept his hands at his sides, or on his pencil and sketchbook. If Tony knew what he was doing, that would be one thing, but without his knowledge, it would feel like some kind of violation of the particular kind of trust they'd been building together.
He waited to say anything until they were sitting at a table in the corner, Tony with an Americano and Clint with something that had a lot of whipped cream involved, not to mention the glittery purple sprinkles.
But he also didn't want to argue with Tony about that or about anything else, not when all he had of Tony was a voice coming through a speaker, so he let it slide.
"You're sitting at the bar drinking alone," Steve pointed out.
"You weren't supposed to have an idea, that was the point," Tony said, wincing at how loud his voice came out.
It was afterward that Steve was concerned about, and afterward was now impossible to avoid.
"Here we go again," he murmured to Tony, before stepping back and turning toward the nearest amateur journalist, a young woman who looked like she might be a college student.
now."
She reached out and patted Steve's hand. "I think we were all surprised that you were involved with someone with his reputation to begin with."
Steve must have realized that Tony was staring at him; he turned to look at him, a questioning look on his face. Tony shook his head quickly; he knew Steve was wondering if there was some kind of problem.
"--we had to make our own fun."
If Steve kept his eyes focused on his sketchbook, he could tell himself that Tony was sitting in the chair in the corner of Steve's room, not just a voice crackling through the almost-invisible speaker set into the ceiling.
When Steve finally came, shuddering against Tony's body, he kissed Tony again, and Tony clutched Steve to him like if he just held on tightly enough, he could keep Steve with him like this forever.
"It was smaller last time," Steve said, but it was still small, too small for them to get through.
"They're basically humanoid," Tony said. The people pictured in the illustrations were built along sturdier lines than the average Earth person; the clothing in the bunk room and the scale of the furniture suggested they were probably taller, too. There were a few other subtle differences in the illustrations, too--something that looked like scales or a feathery pattern on the face, hard to be sure with a very basic drawing--but yeah, these were basically people.
"We should probably huddle up to conserve warmth, anyway," Tony said, and led the way into the bedroom like he had absolutely no doubts that Steve would follow instead of changing his mind.
"Not like that, Captain Literal. I mean, if I were there with you right now, you'd still have to wait."
"I mean, did I do something to Steve?"
"So now I've answered your question. Still want to talk to me about anything?" Tony seemed to shrink into himself a little, or maybe it was just that he wasn't projecting his personality into the room as forcefully as he usually did. He'd turned off the "I'm Tony Stark, look at me!" field he generally surrounded himself with.
Steve had figured out how to set that one as the wallpaper on his phone. All part of the illusion, he told himself. If he were really dating Tony, he definitely would have done that. He'd also taught himself how to take a screenshot, so that he could show the photographer--who seemed to be a high school girl, from her Instagram account--that he'd liked it. (She'd responded with "asdfljklk;adjfklsd;!!!!!!!" which everyone had assured Steve was a good reaction.)
"Yes," Tony said firmly. "It usually is, let's be realistic."
While just coming out would do some of that, it'd have much more impact if there was another person involved, someone Steve could have a very public relationship with. He knew how some people thought; they'd be able to look past Steve's sexuality as long as he kept it completely private.
That was it, he decided. He couldn't keep doing this. He'd outraged enough bigots, and he'd made it clear enough that he was supporting these causes not just because it was the right thing to do, which it was, but because he had a personal stake in them. Anything else was just tormenting himself.
Steve did his best not to notice Tony's blissful expression. He wasn't here to stare, he told himself. He was here because he had a workable plan to separate his public image from people whose beliefs disgusted him, and he needed Tony's help for it.
"Which is why I'm not angry," Tony said, although Steve wasn't sure if he believed that. "But I'm safe, and you're still here, and I'm curious." That smile again, and this time, the insincerity of it made something click in Steve's brain.
?" He waved toward the armor, which had stored itself away in its alcove.
Fortunately, Tony swooped in to save the day; he leaned in closer to the microphone and said, "That depends on the U.S. government. Steve and I have decided that we're not even going to discuss marriage until it would be valid in the entire country. Just because we're lucky enough to live in New York, that doesn't mean that we should have rights that other Americans don't."
Sam had explained that he had patched the link between the Avengers' new headquarters and the pocket dimension Tony was trapped in into the intercom system. In other words, talking to Tony from his quarters should be as simple as talking to Hawkeye, whose room was just down the hall.
But then, because they had to be convincing, Tony was making a real effort every time they were out in public. It would be different if they really were together, he reminded himself. Tony wouldn't be trying so hard.
"Lot of people out there who aren't women," Tony said, and the bottom dropped out of Steve's rationalizations.
They were getting by without Tony, the same way you could get by with only one leg, but it would never be the same.
, at least.
Steve had continued poking around. "There's running water," he said. "And a heater."
"That's always been my problem," Steve argued. "You generally remember that you're late for an important meeting you just made up."
Especially when this way, maybe, they could both get what they wanted.
"The producers called me yesterday," Tony said. "They wanted me to join you for the second half of your interview. Which, I have to admit, is going to be really fun now. I guess that's why they wanted me?"
Once the door has closed behind Tony, Steve goes to the kitchen to drop off his tray. He wants to be a couple of minutes behind them to make it less obvious that he’s following.
Steve managed a slight smile. "It's very recent," he said. "I probably should have let the Avengers' publicist make a statement, but I was already scheduled to appear on your show, and I just couldn't pretend." Couldn't pretend
hates this mission.
"You know what you did," Tony said. "Sat there and made it impossible for me to avoid you. Even after I told you."
"All the way?"
, it's not a complex."
"Why, Steve, I didn't know you knew words like that," Tony said, in the same mock-surprised tone he used when Steve could operate the microwave or knew who Lady Gaga was. (Microwave popcorn was terrible in comparison to the real thing, and Steve had voluntarily listened to exactly one half of a Lady Gaga song before he'd made Sam stop the music, but that wasn't the point. The point was that Steve had been in the twenty-first century for a few years now, and he was aware of his surroundings.)
If they were going to die here, he was going to do it honestly.
But Steve was a lot more comfortable with actions than with words. If he wanted to express concern for Tony, this was what he had to work with.
McLaren was still looking at him doubtfully, and so Steve added, "Sometimes people just aren't compatible. Maybe you're perfect for one another on paper, but there's just not that spark." Or only one person feels it, and the other person...
And it wasn't right that people living in other parts of the country didn't have the same rights, either.
"I'm going to lean on this table until I can trust my legs to hold me up," Tony said. "Go ahead."
If Tony wanted someone--some
"Was that actually a problem? Staying focused, I mean."
, if Tony agreed with him now.
Steve tried not to laugh. He almost succeeded; it came out sounding like a snort. "So it's my fault?"
"Absolutely," Steve said. "I don't want there to be anyone with any doubts about us--about me--when people see me on TV next week."
"Ask nicely," Tony said. "I heard you."
"I'm sorry," he said. "I was coming back here to call you so at least you wouldn't be the last to know."
Tony had suggested, rather forcefully, that maybe Bruce should check Steve out since he'd tasted alien food. It gave him a chance to call a car and get away, back to the tower, back to his penthouse.
After all, from his perspective, that was exactly how it had happened. The only lie would be that Tony felt the same way.
He was fishing again, Steve reminded himself, but he couldn't keep himself from chuckling anyway; it was almost an involuntary response.
"Even then," Steve said, smiling a little.
But Tony had somehow figured out that Steve's silence meant something. Steve hadn't expected that; Tony usually paid attention to technology, not people. Apparently, though, now Steve was something Tony wanted to pay attention to.
dating, we don't need to talk about my problems."
Steve looked relieved, too. "Great," he said. "Not that I haven't been having a good time--"
"I can be less annoying," Steve reminded him. "All you have to do is--"
dishonest, and as Clint said, it wasn't what people would expect from Captain America.
"Gonna come inside me?" Tony said. "Come on, Steve, please, I want you to."
Tony bought himself a second cup of coffee, one that he could drink in relative peace while he tried to figure out what had happened.
Steve kissed him again, pretending that he meant it, and Tony gave up pretending that he didn't.
"Maybe you did," Tony said, without confirming that he'd recognized the song. "It's not fair to say anything now," he added. "We don't know if I'm ever coming back. It should work, but there's no guarantee that it'll work without bringing Ultron back with me, and in that case…"
He turned his hand over so that he could hold Tony's, and Tony squeezed his hand lightly. Steve was sure that his smile looked ridiculous, but then again, he was allowed, right? As far as these people knew, he and Tony were in love, and it was natural for Steve to be looking at him fondly.
Steve pulls free of Tony’s grip so that he can back Tony against the wall. The doorman isn’t looking, and Steve’s not completely sure he’d care. “Not at all,” he insists, and then kisses Tony, hard and hungrily, the way he’s wanted to all evening.
"I'm ready," Tony said, squirming under the palm held flat against his spine. "Seriously, that's all the prep I need. I've been around the block a few times, you know."
"I thought you wanted to get me back," Tony said, predictably.
"And let us know if anyone else is on this floor." There was nothing on this floor except the labs. Anyone here at this hour of the night would be looking for Tony, and Steve didn't plan to get caught
"If I come home, you mean." Their plans to retrieve Tony now had a deadline: the dimension Doctor Strange had sent Tony to was becoming unstable. He and Tony didn't talk about it much, but Steve knew it was constantly on both their minds.
"And turn off internal security recordings until the elevator starts moving again," Tony added quickly. Then, to Steve, he said, "I mean, unless you just intended us to stay in here playing tic-tac-toe on the walls for a while?"
"As long as I don't get distracted," Tony said. "You're going to have to work pretty hard to keep me fo--" Steve assumed that was supposed to be "focused," but it dissolved into a strangled noise as Steve took Tony's cock out and gave it a few quick strokes.
“What do you want me to do about it?” Steve had always heard that you shouldn't try to wake sleepwalkers, and if that was what was needed, JARVIS could have done it himself. “Can’t you turn off the elevator? Lock the doors, so he can’t go anywhere and hurt himself?”
Steve nodded, then decided that it was a good time to go to the kitchen for more coffee before he said something too revealing. "Want a refill?" he asked, reaching for Tony's cup, since he knew what the answer was going to be.
As tired as he was, he lay awake for an hour or so, listening to the soft sounds of Tony’s breathing.
"It'd be worth it for the right person, don't get me wrong," Tony said. "But when all I wanted was sex--that's not worth the complications, even if that makes me sound 'cold' to you."
But Tony didn't answer, even when Steve knocked again more loudly. He could hear something on the other side of the door, a metallic clanking, so he was sure Tony hadn't called it a night and headed to bed.
He decided to chance it. "If I
Tony would have turned the page immediately, of course, but the rest of the team would probably respect it. Or not care--he couldn't imagine Hulk having any interest in anything Steve marked "personal"--which was the same thing, in the end.
The dinner was... well, banquets like this hadn't actually improved since Steve had been paraded around with the USO. It wasn't bad, though, and Tony was doing his best to be charming to the other people at the table: two of the award winners and their plus ones, and the emcee of the event and her partner.
Steve ignored JARVIS's recommendations and barreled inside, prepared to use the metal tray he carried as a makeshift shield.
"Why" was obvious enough, at least to Steve. It was a distraction and a subject change. It was also something Steve suspected he'd be tempted to do a lot, if he and Tony were really together, at least if it kept making Tony splutter indignantly and laugh until he wheezed, all at the same time.
But the "I'm okay," in his ear was immensely reassuring, just the same. "Grounded for the rest of the fight, but okay."
your cock. Putting my finger in your mouth, so you could get it good and wet for me, knowing that in another few seconds, it was going to be inside you."
Steve nodded. "That's the third one this week." Steve wasn't wild about the speaking engagements, period, so he wouldn't have minded if they'd all canceled. He still found it hard to believe sometimes that that many people wanted to hear what he had to say. He was Steve Rogers, a guy from Brooklyn. What they wanted to hear from was the shield, and it didn't talk.
"Seriously?" Steve said.
"So you're fine with this. You're fine with people thinking we're together? The team will know better, obviously, but I don't think we should tell anyone else. What if Pepper--"
Tony left his armor in the bedroom and went back out to the main living area. The center of the room held a large table and several chairs; he pulled one out and sighed as he sat down. "At least we know there's civilization somewhere."
"You can't fool me."
He picked up the small bottle and flicked open the cap with his thumb, then held the upturned bottle over Tony's ass, squeezing a trickle of lubricant between Tony's cheeks.
"No," Steve said, "but I'll show them to you. You're… uh. In them kind of a lot, to be honest."
That wouldn't have surprised anyone; Steve turned down most requests for individual interviews. He took part in team interviews and press conferences, but he didn't want to be put in the spotlight. He wanted to do his job, and try to live his life in whatever brief snatches of time he could find between the demands of both the Avengers and SHIELD.
Maybe he shouldn't have actually tried to have a personal life. Not that he'd done this intentionally. He'd been trying to make things easier for Tony, lost in another dimension, and this had just happened.
Tony didn't know why he'd expected Clint to be helpful. Besides, there was always a good chance that whatever horrible thing he'd done to Steve had been after Steve had gotten him up to his apartment. But he had to be sure. "What about Steve?"
"I don't drool, but otherwise, you're not wrong." Tony waved a hand in the air, and the holographic screens he’d been working on faded into darkness. “You know, it might be worth a try,” he admitted. “I’m exhausted.”
Steve must have had the same idea, because he crossed the room, giving the well cover a wide berth. "There's an opening back here," he reported before Tony could reach him. "I'm going to have a look."
"Everything's great," Tony said. "Perfect. Wonderful. If you'd just
"Yeah?" Steve wrapped his hand around his cock, stroking himself slowly until he was fully erect. "I like the thought of looking at you, too." Then, deciding he couldn't let Tony be the one to take
Tony was going out on a limb here and saying he wasn't a fan.
"The tiger-deer weren't your first clue?"
"That wasn't my idea." Steve's expression hadn't changed, so Tony closed his eyes again. It helped him feel less dizzy, anyway, even if it didn't help anything else.
The STRIKE team had heard what had happened--Rumlow claimed to have an alert set up for news about him, "because you never know, it might affect the team"--and Steve got more than the usual ribbing from them about the whole thing with Tony.
Tony squirmed, but Steve's hand on his back kept him in place. If he'd made any attempt to move away from Steve, Steve would have let him go in an instant; he wasn't applying enough pressure to actually pin Tony down.
Not perfect-perfect, where they never argued and neither of them ever had to cancel on a date because something came up and no one ever rolled his eyes and said, "Fine, be a jackass if that's what makes you happy," because that was impossible.
"We had telephones in the forties," Steve corrected him. Steve himself hadn't had a phone before he'd joined the army, but they'd existed. When he'd needed to make a call, he'd used the phone booth at the drugstore down the street.
"You want to stop?"
It wasn't just professional photographers, either--the most popular photos online had been ones snapped by passersby, like the one from the evening of their first date, when they'd been walking down the street with Steve's arm around Tony.
If Steve wanted it to.
Two seconds later, the kid shrieked, "CAPPAN 'MERICA!" and launched a tackle-hug in Steve's direction. They misjudged distance, though, and only Steve reaching out to grab them prevented them from face-planting on the ground.
They got through the rest of the session with ease, and then Steve and Tony shook a few hands, Steve signed autographs for a couple of kids, and they both agreed to plenty of pictures. After an hour or so of that, it was time to go.
Maybe that was going to be okay with him.
Tony shrugged. "I never take anything back. Besides, you should see the stuff that was on the gossip pages about me, especially back before Iron Man. This isn't even negative, even if some people think so."
Tony wasn't silent, exactly; he didn't say anything, but Steve could hear rustling sounds that he assumed were Tony getting his clothing out of the way. "Inspect away," Tony said. "Actually, I like the idea of that. Thinking about you looking at me is kind of a turn-on."
"I had the door locked," Tony said again. "Besides, wouldn't you have done the same thing to any other door, if you thought I was under attack?"
Steve would have liked it too, but he didn't just need less sleep than he had before the serum. That wasn't surprising, because back then, he'd been tired all the time. It turned out, though, that he also needed less sleep than most people. Six hours a night was more than enough these days; he could get by on less if he had to, and it was a rare morning when he didn't wake up, fully rested, by five a.m.
"Just your pants," Steve decided. "Down around your ankles. If JARVIS tells us someone's coming, you'll be able to get dressed again before they get here."
Since the Expo was primarily a cover for the plan that Tony, Sam, and Dr. Foster had worked out to attempt to bring Tony back to their dimension, completely free from Ultron, Steve had actually been thinking that it might be. "It isn't?"
Tony's voice was sounding easier now, and Steve felt the knots in his own chest begin to loosen a little.
She interrupted him. "I'm going," she promised. "But--" She waved toward Steve and Tony. "I saw you on TV a few weeks ago. Didn't you break up?"
It had only been a little over a year. Steve had been out of the ice for longer than that, and he still wasn't over it.
"Never said 'she.'" He was definitely slurring his words a little, but not so badly that Steve couldn't understand them.
Tony took another drink of water. "What is the point, then?"
glass: transparent and likely to shatter, prone to leaving nasty wounds if you prodded at the broken parts. "I won't break." Another lie.
"Yes."
"I meant, if you remembered last night at all, you'd know that it isn't unrequited. Why do you think I was so happy to keep you company all evening?"
Tony had made sure that the entire team had the latest StarkPhones, and he'd even had someone come to the tower and show Steve and Thor how to use them. Steve did use his phone--to stay in touch with the team, to look things up when he had a question, that kind of thing.
Steve frowned. “Has he done that since--you know, the last time? Or the last time I know about, anyway?”
"Is that a lie?"
"I've had worse," Steve said, and he probably didn't mean it to sound like he was scornful of anyone who hadn't lived in an army tent in the middle of a war zone.
"I won't," he said. "I want to remember this." He was about to apologize again when he caught sight of the glint in Steve's eyes.
"Look at her tonight," Tony said, gesturing toward the other side of the room, where Natasha and Clint were talking to one of the kids who'd received a scholarship. Probably doing a little recruiting for SHIELD, he thought. They could be just making small talk, but Natasha rarely "just" did anything, especially chat with a high school kid.
Tony's bed, Steve suspected, would not have white cotton sheets. He couldn't be sure what it would have, though, because Tony sent most his laundry out rather than trust Thor or Hulk with it. Satin? Silk? Black silk sheets were in Steve's head as the ultimate in hedonism, but then, Steve's mind's eye did some judicious editing: Tony sprawled naked on red satin, the color setting off both Tony's skin, lightly bronzed from the sun, or at least from sunlamps, and the black of his hair.
"I could," he admitted. "Don't want to. And after you tortured me all evening, you owe me."
McLaren leaned back, an eyebrow raised. "It sounds like things might not be as over between the two of you as you imply? Are you having second thoughts?"
Of course, even though Pepper Potts was running the company just as she had when Tony was on Earth, Stark Industries had the same vested interest in getting Tony back that the Avengers had.
"At least you're getting something out of this," Steve said. "I feel better about asking you now."
Afterward, Tony had wanted to check it out immediately, frustrated that tech he'd designed wasn't working perfectly.
Tony frowned slightly. "I do?"
"Okay?" Tony didn't sound particularly concerned. "Who doesn't want fights like that to be over with? It's not like we want them to go on forever. We want to take care of the bad guys, hand them over to the authorities, and go home."
They'd taken today off from appearing in public. Steve had planned to catch up on some SHIELD paperwork, get in a good workout with the heavy bag, and read a book. After that walk, that was. "I was about to take a walk when you came in," he said.
“You’ll take one for the team?”
It was dark purple and speckled with whitish seeds. Not the most appetizing thing Tony had ever seen, but far from the worst. "Pretty straightforward," he suggested. "That might be a safe route to take."
Steve's favorite was of Tony, eye-level with one of his helmets, performing finite adjustments. That sketch made it look like Tony was having a heart-to-heart talk with Iron Man; he wondered what Tony would think of it if he showed him.
Rhodey took a few steps closer to Tony, close enough that he could put a hand on Tony's shoulder. "Yeah?"
"What, are you on some trendy sugar-is-poison diet?"
"More neurotic?" Tony said, but his smile looked pasted onto his face.
Steve shrugged. "I want to do it. This whole thing is about me being as publicly out as possible, and as publicly allied to the causes I believe in as possible. And on such short notice, we were lucky to find a group who wanted us to join up with them."
the way Steve would have chosen to make his point, though.
Tony laughed, genuine laughter that reassured and warmed Steve. "I go weeks without knowing what day it is," he pointed out, "until I miss some big Stark Industries meeting and Pepper blows up at me."
So he put his free hand on Tony's back, holding him in place as Steve worked him open with first one finger, then two. Tony was already slick and relaxed enough that he could have taken Steve's cock easily, but Steve wanted more than that.
Tony really wished Steve was stupid. Not only because he wouldn't have processed that so quickly, but also just because it wouldn't be
He didn't even turn to see if Steve was behind him--he didn't have to turn to see if Steve was behind him, he could feel Steve's presence in the room--just peeled off his shirt, his back still to Steve.
"He's not," Steve said, before Tony could answer. He wasn't, of course. They were using Tony's limo--well, officially it belonged to Stark Industries, but it was the one always available for his use. "I'll make sure he gets home all right."
Some weeks, they had plenty of time, but very few of them had the inclination. Tony certainly didn't, and he paid the catering company.
"Oh, you mean when you were wasted." Clint grinned at him. "Still on the low end of average. You were actually pretty mellow. You told me that I wasn't as dumb as I look. You even defended me to Natasha when she told you I'm exactly as dumb as I look, but to be fair, I'd been stepping on her feet all evening. I'm not the best at that kind of dancing. I do a mean Electric Slide, though."
"I'd also start actively supporting a lot of causes they don't agree with," he continued. "Marriage equality, protections for kids at school, that kind of thing. Causes I've given some money to in the past, but now I'd want to start lending my personal support. It'll let me tell people what I think that real American values should be."
They weren't all canceling, though. The children's asthma charity that raised money to help kids whose parents couldn't afford their medication? That one still wanted him, and Steve was glad to go.
"And having a great time doing it." His next drink arrived, but the bartender didn't hand it over.
"You know, I'm sure I locked that door," Tony said mildly.
"Me," Steve echoed. "You were trying to avoid me? But we spent the whole evening together."
“I think I figured that out on my own,” he said, though it was still good to hear it from Tony. “And it’s after ten. I’m usually in bed by now.”
"Thanks for that," Steve said. "I know it's not exactly your kind of thing--"
"Not really." Tony grinned at him. Then he stepped forward again, dropping the bit of metal he'd been fidgeting with on the table as he did, and put his arms around Steve. "Not when it means we get to do this."
But today, he had a meeting with Maria Hill at SHIELD HQ, so he'd set an alarm for four, not wanting to disrupt his routine more than he had to. The quinjet taking him to DC was leaving at eight. He'd have plenty of time to get in his usual workout and prepare for his day.
"I'm sure the audience has some questions for you, so let's start taking those now."
"Yeah. But hey, thanks. If it wasn't for you, and this whole scheme--I mean, obviously I give a lot of money to a lot of causes, and it's not entirely because of the tax write-off. I mean, it's
Steve was silent enough throughout dinner that both Bruce and Natasha asked him if he was okay. "I'm fine," he said. "I just have a lot on my mind."
"--but that doesn't mean that I expected an immediate second round." Steve probably could have managed that without a problem, but that didn't mean it was necessary. "To be honest, I had the ulterior motive of trying to get you to sleep."
He drank about half the water and put the lid back on. Steve did the same, curling next to him, wrapping his arm around Tony's chest, just below the arc reactor.
Steve could hear Tony's breathing, coming more rapidly than it had before, just like his own. Then Tony said, "I'm trying to imagine it's your hand. Bigger. Calluses in different places. Stronger, so you have to be careful."
"It looks like someone blended a unicorn."
He pocketed his phone, stood up, and brushed a couple of wayward muffin crumbs from his shirt. Then he frowned, looking at Steve for a few long seconds. "Gotta keep in practice. You never know who's watching," he said, which left Steve bewildered, until Tony bent down and kissed him. Not even on the cheek; it was a quick kiss, but on the mouth, like none of this was a pretense at all.
"The door was locked," Tony reminded him. "It was only public because you broke in." He smiled at Steve, and Steve thought about sunlight glinting off ice, felt a chill like water closing in over his head.
Rhodes cleared his throat. "This sounds like a terrible idea to me," he said, looking right at Tony.
"Tony," Steve began, but then hesitated, reaching for the right word. If Tony were here, Steve would have been able to put a hand on his shoulder, comforting him without having to actually search for the words he needed.
Since that had been Steve's point, he just smiled as he listened to Tony complain.
But the Avengers didn't make that kind of personal revelation to one another. They were teammates, friends, a kind of patchwork family, but most of them valued their privacy, and so they kept anything deeply personal close to their chests. Tony wouldn't want him to explain further.
"Proof of concept?" He shrugged a little. "Curiosity. Boredom. Really, why does anyone?"
To be honest, he knew perfectly well where Tony was going with this conversation, but he was going to make Tony work for it.
"I hope so." At least it meant Steve didn't have to lie anymore. "Tony and I aren't together" was nothing more than the truth, and from now on, he could just be honest. This plan had done what Steve had hoped it would, at least; the right wing had given up on Captain America completely.
Without discussing it, they both seemed to have decided that they were taking a break, at least from their individual projects. Steve had some suggestions for simulations to be programmed into their training room, and he and Tony kicked those ideas around for a while until Tony nodded.
Tony kept his eyes closed, less because the room was spinning and more because he didn't want to,
Steve burst out laughing. "I think I'd check the last one." But it had broken the ice, and he took a deep breath. "So, you know back when we were pretending to date, I really enjoyed it."
Even if Steve would probably never have seen the magazine, he appreciated Tony letting him know that he was mentioned in the interview. It helped to know what Tony told people about their relationship.
Has he mentioned yet how much he hates this mission?
"What is that?" he asked in horrified fascination as Clint took a drink.
"Come on," Steve said. "Let me buy you a cup of coffee."
Tony straightened up, stretching, and then pulled up his pants. Once he was fully dressed again, he shrugged. "We'll probably get away with it this time," he said. "It's late, no one saw anything or wondered where we are. As long as we act normally tomorrow, it'll be fine."
"Before I was interrupted," Steve said, "I was about to tell you--" He floundered for a moment, trying to find the right way to express himself.
"I do," Steve said. "I understand that completely. I can't say I'd have chosen--" Except Steve let himself think about it now, and while cold metal still didn't have any appeal, the thought of it being
Either Tony had canceled a date with someone else to bring Steve here, or he'd pulled strings to get them a table. The latter seemed more likely, since to Steve's knowledge, Tony hadn't been seeing anyone lately. And, while he wasn't proud of it, Steve did pay attention to that.
"We're going to find a solution," Steve promised. "We'll find a way to bring you back and leave Ultron behind."
He just wasn't the
Steve would disapprove even more, Tony was sure, if he knew that they hadn't all been women.
Tony itched to take the light fixtures apart. They weren't fluorescent bulbs, and they didn't look like standard incandescents either. He wanted to see what they'd come up with here, and whether it was something that had a chance of application back home.
Tony's lips pursed like he was deep in thought. "It's a possibility," he said. "But there'd have to be some changes."
"Water? Definitely. I'm sweating like a pig."
Tony nodded. “You’ll stick around? I know it’s not that late, you don’t have to go to bed, but--I’m pretty sure it’s the company I was looking for, not the mattress.”
Tony didn't normally watch local morning shows, but he'd known Steve was going to be on
"I'm not going to do
Tony was at his most charming, too, reaching across the table to keep his hand on Steve's while they waited for their starters, keeping the conversation light and flirty and his attention focused on Steve.
But as Steve was wearily pulling off his boots--he’d been away from the Tower for a few days, on a mission with SHIELD--JARVIS said, “Mr. Stark is sleepwalking again.”
Tony was having one of the suits of Iron Man armor use a definitely non-standard attachment to….
Tony shook his head. "I slept last night. At least three hours, on the couch in the lab."
"I was," Steve said, at the same time that JARVIS volunteered, "It is eleven forty-one p.m., sir."
Steve was sure that anyone who saw them would assume Tony was spinning some lascivious fantasy for him.
