The two Shadowhunters that stood before the court were dressed all in black. One appeared to be quite nervous while the other, who seemed to be the appointed speaker, seemed quite calm.
Sherlock stood on the sidewalk, seemingly watching the house in front of him. The wind was whipping his clothes and hair into streamers of color around him. John was up and halfway down the street with a sketch in mind before he relized what he was doing, and by then Sherlock had moved forward and jumped over the fence that surrounded the house. John's pace didn't even falter, he rushed forward, trying to keep Sherlock in his sight. His heart pounded in excitement and as he approached the fence his blood sang with his recklessness. John was not as tall as Sherlock, so he couldn't jump the fence, but eventually he got over, hitting the ground on his feet and a scrape stinging on his inner thigh. He couldn't see Sherlock, but he heard a shout from inside the house. John's heart picked up and he couldn't stop the smile that flashed over his face as he licked his lips and approached the door.
Puzzled and most frustrated at this turn of events, Sherlock looked around for what could have caused such a large hole in the ground.
His field of vision narrowed down to just Sherlock's lips, slightly pursed in expectancy. His palms were sweaty, so he rubbed them on his pants and leaned in, the warmth from Sherlock's skin heating his own. Just as their lips were about to touch, Sherlock whimpered. "Wait"
The man ripped a bit of cloth from his outfit and tied it tight around leg. Then, with a start, he whipped around to stare directly into Sherlock's eyes.
"Don't worry, love, I will take care of your little one." The woman said, tucking Sherlock’s  squalling face against the pink fabric on her chest.
John turned back to Sherlock, rescued the sewing needle from the hot water, let it cool, and threaded it. Sherlock climbed off the counter, and sat in a chair. John pulled the chair up against the counter and sat behind Sherlock. It only took a eight neat little stiches to sew up the wound, and Sherlock didn't wince at all.
"Dammit all!" John clenched his teeth in frustration and pulled his wrist uselessly against the handcuff. He let his head fall back and he stared up at the ceiling. He felt the dip in the mattress as Sherlock sat on the bed by his legs. They were both breathing heavily, and John licked his lips as his heart pumped adrenaline into his system.
"You know it must be done. Even the warlock agrees. You and I both know what fate awaits an Iron Maiden who has betrayed her sisters. You know the prophecy that links our sons."Though such a sure response left her lips, Sycthia clutched her own child all the tighter.
Instead, John  bent and took the pulse of the unconscious man. John figured he probably had a concussion. He looked up to see Sherlock was still staring at him, those cold eyes assessing.
"You need stitches." John said. Sherlock frowned and John held up a hand. "No buts. I can do them, if you would like, but you'll have to come back to my place" John felt a blush creeping over his face and into his ears.
Molly looked at him sympathetically.                        "I understand,John. But you know the rules just as well as I do. Until Sholto gives you permission, you can't visit the human world."
The queen laughed and the blood that had pooled in his hand rose in perfect orbish droplets to float in the air. John had heard of this part of deal making, but had never witnessed it. As he watched, the very reality around him distorted. The watching fey seemed to be replaced by skeleton counterparts, there skin melting off to puddle in the grass. The beautiful sunny sky became streaked with black clouds. Everything twisted to become a horrific nightmare version of itself, and John watched as the two Shadowhunters looked to each other in fear,but sadly they could find no comfort in each others gaze because their skin began to crackle, and they turned to ash before John's very eyes. The sounds of them disappearing into the wind seemed to echo around the quiet court. Then John blinked and everything seemed to be as it was, except where the Shadowhunter pair had stood, there was now a large yellow dog, expectantly wagging his tail, tongue lolling. The queen stepped off her throne to pat the dog's head, and the dog happily licked her face. The queen removed the dogs collar, and everyone began to wander off, the pace of the day seemingly continued.
Sherlock watched as the man bent over and rolled up his pant leg. Sherlock's eyes wandered down the expanse of a muscled back and a tight bum, before he swallowed and resolutely stared at the back of the man's neck.
John was much more careful about where and who he drew around after that. He stopped drawing in the lunch room and in his study halls, and confined himself to drawing in the library and in his bedroom.
"Oh, look here. " Sherlock pointed to another page, mockery filling his voice. " You even quoted me here. This really is such a pretty picture book, John."
I'm so so sorry that it's taken me so long. Thank you for reading, I know no one has really been into reading this, and it means a lot if you've come to the second chapter. You're the best.
The sounds of nearby traffic. The clinks of a cafe getting ready for the morning rush. The chatter of the police detectives, which unfortunately drowned out most everything else. Sherlock debated snapping at them all to shut up, but with a sigh, he decided it wasn't worth it.
Two runes, side by side, that he would have dismissed as nonsense runes had he not seen those very same markings every day when he got undressed.
"Fantastic job, John" Sherlock said, and John's pulse picked up. Sherlock wiggled out from underneath the bench, butt first. John told himself to not gape at Sherlock's wiggling butt, but he really couldn't help it. It was such a lovely bum, and it was right next to him. "Except for the kicking part."
Mrs.Hudson clucked her tongue at him. "Oh, Sherlock, where are your trousers? You got nothing but pants on beneath that robe!"
I think I'm going to be alternating viewpoints between John and Sherlock throughout this fic. Also, in this chapter there will be an increase in violence, so if stuff like that triggers you, be careful. In this chapter there will also be some bullying, or references to bullying.
"What do you need,my dear? Nightmares again?" Mrs.Hudson put on a pot of tea, and a plate of custard creams appeared to float invitingly over the coffee table. "Dreaming about all those nasty kids, I swear, I never should have let you go to school, but you insisted, and well, what do I know about kids, I haven't been one for some thousand or so years, and i thought well, it couldn't hurt but -"
He sighed and rubbed his arms. The freezing fingertips of the night ran across his bare chest and his nipples peaked. The light of the streetlamps offered no comfort. John sighed and pulled out his phone, which somehow manged to not fall out of his waistband.
The speaker turned to the woman beside her. Both women wore robes whose dark shades blended well with the murky night around them. These women were Iron Sisters, part of an elite faction of warriors tasked with molding the metal and fire of heaven into weapons for the angels’ chosen. These weapons are  wielded against the dark fiends that come to the world from the Void who wish to consume the life-force that can be found in this realm. Both of these women had taken to bed with a man, one a few years before the other, breaking their sacred vow to shun all men. Together, they had kept what they had done a secret, hiding the new growth in their bellies until the time came when it could be hidden no more. Each with the plea of pilgrimage, they  left the fortress of the Sisters to journey to Lourdes. The first woman to become pregnant, Jenneth, went and drank blessed water that allowed her a vision of what similar fate would befall Sycthia. Jenneth stayed for two years in Lourdes and when the time came, sent along a message to Sycthia to join her. Together they watched their sons grow and as time passed realized that an ancient prophecy, long considered to be myth, had come to pass within their sons. So here they stood, having had the heart and faith to trust, having made their deals, awaiting a long coming end on the brightest night in a rotten forest.
Then the ripples were gone as well, the quiet and stillness returning to the nighttime wood as if the man and his charge had never been.
Sherlock led him to a bookstore called "Hudson's". He let them in at the back door and took John back to a room that was hidden behind multiple stacks of inventory. A curtain covered the door and warm peachy light leaked around it's gossamer edges.
At this, the more timid Shadowhunter tinged green. John kept his chuckle to himself as he watched for the queens reaction.
Sherlock sighed, about to protest that he can't solve a case like this either because it would likely bring him in direct contact with Shadowhunters, and that was something that absolutely must never happen, according to Mrs.Hudson, but as he rolled his eyes to explain to Lestrade his situation involving the shadow world (again), his gaze caught on some of the runes that had been carefully painted on the bottom curve of the wall.
John walked in with a smile and took a seat. "What's going on, sir? Everybody seems a bit harried today."
The soft beating of wings broke the quiet of the early morning. John turned towards the sound, a small expectant smile on his face as a pixie landed on his branch. She had large butterfly-esque wings of a soft pink, hair of the silkiest strawberry blonde, and a sweet smile. In her hands she held a tray with two tea cups.
The puzzlement that laces through the question picks at John's heart, the awe and self-doubt that the phonetic sounds are strung upon cut into John's soft sides.
Sychia sniffled. “Oh, hes always been such a noisy fussy babe and it will only get worse from here, I fear.”
Sherlock's sigh was loud enough to interupt her. "The rambling, Mrs.Hudson, we talked about it." Taking a custard cream and pulling it apart to lick the insides out, he continued "And, it wasn't 'all' those nasty kids, it was two children, bigger then the rest, who had there own issues and took them out on me because I radiate defiance of the social norm."
Christianity. That had to the the answer. It was the only mythology that doesn't show up on a search for mythologies because its considered a religion. Quickly trying to call up  what he knew about Christianity and runes, Sherlock almost didn't even see the giant hole in the ground, and he very nearly tripped over it.
Sherlock awoke with his back on the floor and papers over his face. For a moment, his dream lingered with him and he believed that he was still in primary school, pushed flat on his back and his papers trod on, the resounding call of "freak" and "fag" echoing down the hallway driving him mad.
The man ( John now relized he didn't know his name and cringed inwardly) nodded like he understood something. "Well, this ought to cheer you up."  The man shifted behind the counter and John looked up.
John squeezed his eyes shut as the overwhelming urge to cry seized him. Just as he was beginning to berate his foolishness, he heard a small metallic click, and the handcuff fell away. He could feel Sherlock's presence once again, so he opened his eyes.
So it just so happened that John was sitting at the lunch table on a particularly quiet day, concentrating very hard, absorbed in layering different shades of grey for the iris of Sherlock's eye, when Mike walked up behind him.
"Marianne?" He said, and turned to look at her. She was a petite woman who was a fan of plaid skirts and big earrings, cardigans and roomy t-shirts. She had a cloud of platinum blonde curls that floated around her head and a pair of bright red cat-eye glasses that perched on the end of her nose.
I've cut off just a bit of hair around the stiches. You can't tell from the front, but the back looks hacked to death. I would much rather if you had simply shaved it, but the scandalized look on Mycroft's face was quite worth the ache in my shoulder and neck. -SH
"Oh, isn't it?" She said innocently, going back to playing with John's hair. John grumbled. "So what happened?"
The children clung to each other as Sycthia brought the glowing stele down on  John's arm. The metal left a deep black mark against John's young skin as she wrote into him an eternal bond to be shared with the whimpering babe next to him. Every movement of steele to skin was mirrored on Sherlock’s arm, though the adamas rod dare not  touch his trembling flesh. On each child glowed a black cursive rune, and as they watched the black melted away into their skin, leaving behind a thin white scar in the exact shape of the rune.  Jenneth stood above the children, her eyes burning, arms raised, words falling from her mouth in a steady flow.
When Sherlock arrived at Basker Avenue, he could sense the disturbed mindset of the police officers immediately. He could smell sulfer in the air, and with an elegant wrinkle of his nose, he brushed aside the caution tape.
"Hey!" John turned and found that he had a face full of t-shirt. He backed up to find Sherlock looking down at him. He had an oddly serious expression on his face, his irises taking on a hue of gray-green that made John think of swirling mist on a forest floor."Oh. Hello."
John was awoken late in the night with a shiver. He was still in his damp clothes and his bed sheets seemed to have absorbed most of the wetness from his hair and skin. Sitting up, John debated on a shower, but upon standing, decided that he would get a nice hot cup of tea to ease the weariness in his bones. When he walked downstairs, he found his sister asleep on the sofa. She looked like an angel with the blue TV light acting as her halo. John smiled softly as he put the tea leafs in the pot, setting it on the gas stove to boil. While John was waiting, he retrieved the sketchbook from his satchel, along with a pencil. He leaned against the counter and began to loosely draw a silhouette of Sherlock in the rain. Water is always challenging, and before John knew it, he was being woken from the reverie of pencil lead scratching against paper by the whistle of the tea pot. Harry groaned loudly in the other room, and John pulled the pot off as quickly as he could. Pouring himself a cup, he sat down at the kitchen table and stared at the picture he had drawn. Unlike most of the other drawings in his notebook, this sketch took up a complete sheet of paper. It was a close up of Sherlock, his head tipped down, water cascading off the bridge of his nose and scattering in pearlescent dewdrops from his curls. His eyes where directed toward the ground and he looked thoughtful, somber, almost bashful. John laughed at to see the soft expression on the typically harsh face.
John felt his heartbeat pick up. All fey make deals, but the deals made by the queens could be dimension altering.
Sherlock nodded. They stood in silence for a while, the awkwardness tearing hooks into John's skin, reeling him ever closer to the enigma of Sherlock Holmes. "I did not expect you to take my advice to go to the library." Sherlock said.
Blood was rolling down his calf and being absorbed by his socks. The red wetness was surprising, but he hadn't the time or desire to find a place to remove his clothing and see what was going on, so John tore a strip of cloth from his shirt and tied it round the joint of his leg, praying that would slow the bleeding.
John decided not to question it. Instead he turned. Sherlock's face was inches away from his, and all John could see was acres of alabaster skin disappearing into expensive fabrics, an intoxicating jumble of body parts begging sensations from John's body. With a deep breathy shiver, John took a step back.
Mike raised a knowing eyebrow and took a seat next to John. "I'm good, mate. Am I not supposed to mention that you were just obsessively drawing a stunning portrait of everybody's favorite know-it-all?"
The DI moved close and gripped Sherlock's arm tight. "I already tried that, but those damn black-clad dickheads are 'too busy' for something as mundane as this."
John stayed with Sholto long enough to grab a good breakfast and practice hitting the humanoid target with his arrows at a third of a league. As soon as he was finished, he took off towards the courts.
note from beta: the squiggles (~) are separating the story from the letter... Try not to judge me for my squiggles.
John went to the sink to wash his hands. He heard a rustle, and turned. Sherlock was gone, but on the counter was a scrap of paper with a series of numbers on it and two words.
Sherlock swallows and squeezes his eyes shut. When he speaks again, his words are deliberate, calculated. "John, I was very pissed at you for being a spy because you are one of the few people that I have come across who I not only found to be tolerable, but who I actually enjoyed spending time with. I am quite relieved that on this one occasion my deduction skills were lacking."
Before John could even see the courts, he could hear them. The very air hummed with the anger of the faeries. For Shadowhunters to come here, to be accusatory, and worse, for them to expect the  fey to take responsibility for another, well. It was simply not on .
They sit in the almost quite a bit longer, the gruff sounds of the waking city just beyond the walls rooting this shaky moment of possibility in something concrete.
John sighed in relief, not questioning the hospitality, just landing face down in a delightfully warms bed that smelled so strongly of the man he loved. He was asleep within minutes.
"Hey!" The shout came from behind John. Sherlock's eyes shifted and he grabbed John's hand. "There he is! Get them!"
Sherlock moved abruptly, turning to fold his legs beneath him, facing John on the bed. His eyes were still squeezed shut, his cheeks a sweet symphony of blooming capillaries and shyness. He took a deep breath. "I've never been kissed."
John began running, hoping to catch his friend before he was crushed by the meeting of gravity and ground. "Billy!"
"Nope, sorry, mate." John shook his head. “If one does I'll shout or something, alright? Maybe call the police, tell them that they need a bio-hazard unit because a large anus is running rampant or something, right?" John smiled at them.
She looked at him. "There is no reason to react like an 18th century heroine, John." She smirked. "Look, you don't have anything to loose. If you think he already knows, then tell him the expanse of how much you like him. If he doesn't know, well, tell him and then the two of you can go off into the sunset together. Plus, if you guys get together this month I win the bet that I have against the rugby team." She smiled and winked.
Seeing that he wouldn't make it in time, John jumped and caught Billy in midair. John tucked the faerie in close to chest,coming down hard on his side to avoid crushing his back pack. John felt the burn of the pavement tearing his skin, and a sharp pain in his leg letting him know he came down on something wrong.
It is a well known fact that Shadowhunters and Downworlders - that is to say, werewolves, vampires, the fey and warlocks - do not get along despite the Accords that dictate their peace. Shadowhunters are the supposed saviors of the world, and they take their jobs very seriously. While they are very good at killing demons and wielding angelic power, they are less great at diplomacy. In John's opinion, partly due to who his father figure is, the whole lot of them are arrogant sods, but still they fascinated John.
"Well, what do you expect me to do about it?" Sherlock tried to keep the exasperation out of his voice, but he didn't try too hard.
"I need you to deliver something for me." The queen said, and reaching into her bag she pulled out a small, fidgety rabbit. It's eyes were lively and seemed filled with a quick intelligence,and its fur glowed a gentle, glimmering blue. "This is Bluebell. She is a very special rabbit. I chose and raised her myself. I need you to deliver her to the warlock Sebastian on 112 Basker Avenue. Can you do that for me?"
But then they were in a cafe, and Sherlock was babbling on and on, his hands were flying like paper birds, and words like 'bone marrow' and 'blood cells' were falling from his lips, and sunlight was hitting him just so, lighting him up, cheeks aglow with his own self-importance, and John wanted to cry at the majesty. If he thought he was in love before, he did not know how deep the cracks in his heart could go, and he fell hard, blood thumping in waves that filled his ears and pushed him forward, palm to cheek, tongue throwing whispered words into his buttered pancakes.
Could really use your lock-picking skills right now, seeing as I'm half-naked and locked out of my flat.-J.W.
Just then, John heard his phone buzz and just about dived across the room and hurriedly dug it from amongst his bed sheets. He nearly knocked Harry over in his haste. She snorted her amusement at him and left the room. John locked the door behind her and curled up with the comforter tossed over his head. He had one text message from Sherlock. His heart pounded as he clicked to read it.
It was Sherlock. His hair soaking, inky strands dripping pearly dewdrops, his eyes mimicking the cacophony of colors present in the sky. His cheeks were reddened from the run, his lips pink, and breath swirling between them into smoky streamers of air. His focus was on John, and it felt like a fire on his skin, burning him so sweetly and softly, burning him alive, and John was revealing in it.
John felt that when people are as heartrendingly gorgeous as was Sherlock Holmes, their praises ought to be sung. However, John was never much of a poet. But John could draw, and Sherlock was a muse like no other.
So, i did have this completely written and ready to be posted, but wouldn't ya know it, it didn't save so i had to start all over again, to my extreme frustration because this is a pretty long chapter (i think). But, no worries i rallied! i went out, bought some red panties, and pulled them up in all big girl fashion. So her we go with the maybe second to last installment in this particular story. I don't know if i'll do more with this world or not. tell me what you think in the comments? Anyway, i'm done blabbering. Here's the chapter!
"You're bleeding!" John crossed to stand by Sherlock, grabbing Sherlock's jaw when he tried to jerk away. John gingerly brushed the hair away, ignoring how silky the strands were, ignoring the smell of Sherlock's shampoo and expensive cologne. The cut wasn't too terrible deep, but it was bleeding enough to cause concern, as head wounds tend to do. John decided that it needed stiches.
Sherlock rolled over and felt the reassuring give of the carpet beneath him. Standing and stretching out his stiff muscles, digging his toes into the floor, Sherlock walked into the kitchen of his little flat. The table was covered with all manner of scientific equipment, and while surveying the mess, Sherlock caught a glimpse of himself in a reflection. Frowning at the odd, severe planes of his face, he let out a huff through his nose and, for a moment forgetting his modesty, clambered downstairs to Mrs. Hudson's flat.
The fight went on for merely a moment. It did not take much to make the troll fall for it was already hurt and confused. Sarah, a member of John's unit, crushed a sleeping potion into the trolls face and he toppled backwards with barely any assistance from John's arrow in his knee. As the troll attempted to keep his balance however, he knocked one of the buzzing faeries near his ear unconscious with a swipe of his large hand. The faerie began to free-fall. None of the other fey seemed to notice, occupied with the troll.
Molly set the tray down on the floor, brushing her hands off on her jeans."It would be a better one if you were actually dressed for once when I showed up."
"Hello." John said again, and tried to keep the butterfly kisses he felt in his stomach from escaping in the way he sighed. Sherlock took a step back and handed John his book. John took it. The cover art for "The Hobbit" stared back at him."Thanks"
"Shut up, Sherlock! Just-just listen." John closed his eyes. It felt easier, to say the words when he was hiding behind his eyelids, so he kept them shut. "Sherlock, I, um, well. I know this is going to sound creepy, but its. Well. The truth.  I fancy you. A lot. God, Sherlock, I fancy the pants off of you. I have, for awhile now. A long while. I know you don't go for that sort of thing, but, God, how you could think that I'm a spy, you mad bastard? I'd never, I mean, I'd never do anything to hurt you. I....I bloody love you."
It looks nothing like a face, let alone one wrinkled in the complicated contortion of laughter. It looks like a capital x and a capital d and nothing more. -SH
Suddenly, a man burst through the line of pine trees. He was fierce of face and unearthly beautiful for all of his features seemed to be spun from fine glass. He was dressed in rich silks, long hair  seeming silver in the dark. In his hands he held a young boy, who was squalling and clutching his heart. The child's face was red, and his golden hair was in disarray.
"Yes." John can't seem to speak above a whisper, this whole conversation seemingly encased in an eggshell and held by spun-glass wings. "I do."
Eyes lingering on her little frozen face, Sherlock's eyes roamed her body. He registered the mud on the bottom of her feet, the lack of any bruising or signs of restraint. The flicker of metal caught his attention and he saw a necklace around her neck that had a small charm on it. Observing the wall, He noticed that small flecks of herbs were peppered throughout the the girls dried blood. Looking down at the surrounding ground, he saw the stumps of wax were candles had been placed.
And yet there were moments when his scars seemed to tighten across his skin, seemed to inflame his very blood. Sometimes John could feel a twinge of another life, something separate from himself but still inside of him. There were times when John would cry or laugh, and it was somebody else's joy and grief. He would often find himself gripping his heart, curled up on the floor, wondering why he never really felt alone and yet still was so very lonely. He hated how when he would look at anyone and think them attractive, almost immediately bile would rise in his throat and he would be violently sick. And most of all, he hated how Sholto would look at him with  a knowing eye, but would speak only in riddles.
Yes. I am a consulting detective. Or, will be one, once I finish schooling, but I see no reason why I ought to wait, Scotland Yard needs all the assistance it can receive. I have to finish my science courses, and I signed up for a crime and law unit next semester.-SH
"Where were you?" Harry scowls at him. Harry was a beautiful fifteen year old, with blond hair down to her hips, big brown eyes that glowed with whatever mood she was in, long legs and the curves of a woman ten years older than her. She was smart and wild, had a tendency to be blunt and get in your face, but was over all a sweet girl. She had a hard time fighting off the advances of other guys in her class, which wouldn't bother her so much if she wasn't a loud and proud lesbian.
"Then that means you want to...kiss me and..touch me and things?"  Dubious fascination and uncertainty strengthen Sherlock's voice.
He was just finishing coloring the sweet pink of a cheek when Harry knocked on his door. He looked up, feeling oddly guilty.
But worse was it when the class was assigned its first working lab because then John got to see the bright fire lit within Sherlock's eyes as he worked with a feverish intensity, his sleeves rolled to reveal lovely forearms with two small moles near the wrist, his hair pushed back with plastic safety goggles.
Sherlock was facing him across the room. A man who had his back to John was speaking German and was waving a gun wildly. Sherlock was focused on him, trying to speak a language close to German but utterly failing to calm the man. John registered that the man was rather suspiciously dressed, all in black and holding a rucksack. Another man was slowly coming up behind Sherlock. John registered the revolver in that mans hand. He nodded to himself once, scooped up a wooden chair and whacked the man in front of him, scooping up his gun, and pointing it at the man behind Sherlock.
If you are a Mortal Instruments fan, I'm sure you've noticed that I have taken a few liberties with some of the elements of magic and so on throughout this chapter. I own the Shadowhunters Codex, and while I am trying to stay as true as possible to the magic that exists within that universe, somethings need to be changed for plot reasons. Feel free to leave a comment or a kudos, bc thats what gives me actual life.
When John got home, he set his bag down on the counter and said hello to Harry, who was curled up on the sofa in a tank top and pink zebra printed pajama pants.
Finding the troll was easy enough, seeing that it left a path of destruction in its wake and brutalized any light source it found. Trolls were big, dumb creatures with weak eyes, strong jaws, and keen senses of smell. They generally stayed underground and were no harm to any one other then dwarfs and goblins.
John was hunched over his phone, and so was entirely startled when a warm heavy Belstaff settled over his shoulders. He looked up in surprise to see Sherlock standing next to him. Sherlock smiled.
When they finally broke apart, John's lips were tingling and his chest was filled with joy in its purest form. Sherlock smiled at him, a full grin that John knew was reflected on his own face. Somehow, Sherlock had ended up curled in John's lap and they sit there a moment, breathing each others air, blood vessels pumping newly ignited desire beneath their skin, faces and necks reddening with it.
Sherlock and John seemed to fade right into each other's life like it was always supposed to be this way. Sherlock had a very special ability to weave in and out of John's days like a cat would between a pair of legs, only unbalancing a week enough to leave John panting and red faced, smiling as he collapsed into his bed at night, almost content with calling Sherlock Holmes his best friend.
There were no walls, and the branch itself was a dizzying thousand feet in the air, but John enjoyed the precarious position.
As the silence dragged on, John felt certain that he could hear his heartstrings tearing. Then he felt the mattresses shift, and Sherlock was gone.
John handed it over with a doomed look on his face. Then he watched Mike turn the page. Mike pursed his lips and flipped the page again. Then his eyebrows shot up nearly to his hairline, "These drawings are marvelous, John...but except for one or two, they are all of Sherlock."
As for himself, Sherlock thought that he had never seen a man so lovely in his life. He was a small man with a face that looked prone to quiet smiles and laughter. His eyes were so dark blue as to be mistaken for violet.
"Oh, hello mum. Working the midnight shift again?" His mum nodded, set her purse down, and plopped into the chair across from John. Without a word John stood and grabbed another mug from the cupboard. Mrs. Watson was a woman of middling height, with dirty blonde hair, laugh lines, and a smile like home. She had eyes the color of warm nutmeg and generally gave out hugs that had the same effect as warm tea. John and his mum had an interdependent relationship, and trust was a non-issue. Currently John could hear his mum pick up his book and rustle through it. He poured a generous amount of cream into the light golden green of the tea and turned around. His mum was sitting cross-legged in her hospital scrubs, biting her lip and a small worry line sat in between her eyebrows. John sat her tea by her and returned to his seat. He watched apprehensively. Eventually she sat the book down and picked up the mug. She sipped, the steam obscuring her twinkling eyes as she raised an eyebrow at John.
John really thought he could do it. He really thought he could be this close to Sherlock and not fall apart. John didn't think it would be too difficult, to push down the the awe-struck eyes and the maiden-like sighs, the warm-tummy desire and the daydreaming of plush lips. He thought he could be like Sherlock and just ignore things like emotions when it suited him to do so. He even thought he was succeeding.
"Wait, what?" John shook his head in confusion as Sherlock's words sunk in through the layers of sleep and shock. He stared at the sketchbook that sat so innocently on his chest. "um..wait. Sherlock?"
"You remember the deal?" Jenneth said urgently, handing John over to the man. The man nodded and remained stoic even as John kicked his heels into his stomach  in an attempt to get back to Sherlock.
John couldn't stand, so Sherlock impatiently held out a hand, and John took it, rejoicing at the slight touch, the feel of Sherlock's scars and calluses against his palm. As soon as he was standing, it seemed like time caught up with his hazed mind, and John began shrugging out of his poncho. Sherlock squirmed underneath the bench curling up into an impossibly small ball.
"I'm fine. Everything is fine." John smiled to cover his pain as he stood. "Now, the five of you had best get going. The day will be starting in earnest soon, and you don't have enough strength to cover that troll from direct sight and carry him all at once." Sarah nodded encouragingly.
Apologies for the ridiculous venue of communication, but I didn't have your mobile number and there is an absurd amount of Watson's in the phone book. As it is, I am a man of my word, and I told you I would deduce you. If you regret it, well, words don't refund. I'll begin-you're between eighteen and twenty years old, but no older. You are a rule follower, through it is not because you care for rules, or even because you think rules are all that important, you simply do what others expect of you. You play a rough contact sport, probably rugby. You have some artistic talent, and devote yourself to it. You carry a lot of responsibility but enjoy living in the moment. You hate dwelling in the past, though the events that affected you cause you to carry around defensiveness like a second skin. A bit hypocritical, that.  My guess is that someone close to you was taken from you, and you believe that it was a premature death. You have a few people in your life that you feel responsible for, which is why you came to university in the first place. You recently got over a bout of depression, only coming out of the gloomy melodramatic fog of your own pedestrian mind this year, most likely because of the change of setting and people. You are naturally inclined to accept whatever circumstances you find yourself in, and to act upon them. You're also a bit of an adrenaline junkie. You have tenancies to prefer male attention, but are unlikely to admit it. You are flattered by female attention and even find woman pretty enough to date, but that's about it. Your uncomfortable being in the spotlight, but enjoy private praise. You hate people who prosecute others for minor differences. You are a good student but have no joy for what you are studying. You live not far from campus, and don't have enough money for a taxi, which leads me to conclude that you don't have a job. So, you must be a scholarship student with you have at least some intelligence. If you now feel an overwhelming urge to hit me, please, rethink that decision and instead go to the library and learn something that is actually relevant.
John stared at his phone. It was a little late at night, but John couldn't sleep. The neon night life of London kept creeping through his cream curtains, casting shadows and orange light along the walls of his room. His blankets felt thick and heated, and his skin felt raw. He had put Sherlock's number into his contacts and now his mobile felt as loaded as the gun had earlier. Nervous energy raced through his body, and his arms shook with it.
The winged woman smiled and lifted Sherlock into her arms. Sherlock let out a shrill cry and squirmed, his pale blue eyes locked onto John’s red face.
John awoke from his usual nightmare, breath coming in short gasps as he sat up in the dark. The scar along his forearm and the one present above his heart aching, as was common for them to do after a bad dream.
As John was clambering over yet another felled street lamp, the others in his unit buzzed ahead of him, where the troll could be seen slumped, with his giant hands over his eyes.
Drawing Lestrade was easy, but John found that he couldn't keep Lestrade in the normal clothes he wore to school. He was simply to kingly. So, John drew him in square shouldered blazers with cross hatched shadows, trying to find a balance in the dramatic embellishments he wished to impose on Lestrade's physical reality.
The Shadowhunter grabbed the blade and cut open his palm. He then took a paper from his pocket, and read from it.
The boy, aged two, sat fat and sleepy in her arms, dark curls and long lashes inky drops upon skin, milk-white and translucent. He made a sleepy grumble and turned his face into his mother's neck. She shushed him and kissed his temple.
"Well, she was taken from her house last night, probably around midnight. She went with someone she knew and probably trusted, but they were in a rush because they forgot her shoes. There is a lot of satanic nonsense here, from the blood to the herbs to the candles, not to mention that this girl was chosen because she was 'pure of heart' or some such, judging from the unicorn imagery. The person that did this, a man by the cologne, had to be extremely strong in order to drive that stake through her stomach and spine and  the brick. The blood on the wall is the child's though there is no visible sign of any cuts. There is however the sweet smell of vomit, so I believe that she, improbably, threw up nearly all the blood in her body and her murderer took it and used it for fingerpaint. Judging from the scent of sulfur, Inspector, I would say that this was a demon summoning, which means that this is not my concern and you should charge the local Institute to arrest and punish the warlock responsible."
"New Scotland Yard is already on it's way. My eldest brother will handle all paperwork and statements."
"Hey! Have you seen a tall gangly asshole run past here?" The one with no eyebrows asked, his face contorted in anger. John had to swallow his laugh to answer.
John was quite certain that the offer was not a balanced one. The queens expression seemed to agree.
She paused for a second, then John took hold of her hand. "Don't say that, mum. You're beautiful." She smiled at him. "Oh, shush. Anyway, one day I went in to check on him and he was asleep. On the pull out meal desk attached to the bed lay a small rectangular piece of canvas. On it he had painted a portrait of me. That was when I knew he loved me."
"Yes." Sherlock's yes seemed potent, like the beginning of something, and John's adrenaline sat heavily in his veins
"The Seelie Queen will handle the situation of the rogue troll in London, England. She will dispatch her best warriors to track and confine the troll, and use her magic to erase the memories of any mundanes who have seen the troll. Her men will assist any injured mundanes. Any deals made with these mundanes at this time will be void. After accomplishing this mission, the queens fey will return to the land of Faerie,taking the troll with them. The fey involved will keep themselves within the bounds of Shadowhunter law while they are in the mortal realm, meaning no consumption of human,Shadowhunter, and/or downworlder in any shape or form, although consumption of demon flesh is not prohibited, it is also discouraged. No harm may come to any mundane you encounter, even if they could feasibly be seen as a threat. In return, the local Shadowhunter institute will not prosecute the Seelie Queen for her lax control of border laws."
John choked on the potato he had been eating, and stumbled to his feet, knocking over his cup as he did. The tea spilled all over the crockery, and John hastily tried to blot it up while remaining bowed. "M-my queen!"
"So, what time do you have to get going to the mundane world? Could you pick me up some of those custard creams?" John smiled at her.
"Point." Harry allowed and went back to watching whatever crap telly program she had had on. John went to his room and tumbled onto the bed. He put a hand over his face and sighed.
Looking around the room, John pulled out his mobile to phone the cops. Sherlock placed his hand over John's and his gravelly voice was by John's ear. John tried not to shiver at his proximity.
The clank of metal and the sound of hoofbeats alerted the women to the approach of their pursuers, and the mothers looked at each other, grim seriousness once again covering them. They turned away from dangers approach, and rushed there children to the safety of the trees.
"Well,um,John it's difficult to enjoy my tea with your human genitals flopping all about." Molly's face was very red. John laughed at her embarrassment before going to his small wooden chest and pulling out pants,jeans,and a plaid button up and putting them on.
As it was, John was satisfied with running wild with the pixies and goblins, fighting trolls and breathing deeply of the magic which infected every corner of the land. He even enjoyed the Seelie and unSeelie court, where fey royality played elaborate political chess games, with real lives hanging in the balance.
It was a clean shot, through the sternum and out the back. The man dropped dead, and John's heart beat so hard it felt like his heart was about to explode. Somehow, though, John felt steady. Sherlock looked at him, those perfect lips parted. John wanted desperately to kiss him.
"Now, throw it on top of me, then sit down," Sherlock demanded. John complied, shivering from more than the cold. After a minute or two of John sitting, anxiously listening to the sounds of chaos, about five boys rounded the corner. Random patches of their skin was dyed blue, one had his eyebrows missing, and nearly all of them seemed to be having a very adverse reaction to the dye, with red welts rising around the edges of the patches. They walk over to John, huffing angrily.
Jenneth stepped forward and tilted her chin up, defiance radiating from the squareness of her jaw. Her hand she kept clasped in Sycthia's.
The whole night Sherlock spent wandering the streets, thinking and rubbing his scars. At the first light of dawn, Sherlock was hit with just how cold he was and went into the nearest cafe, setting up shop next to a window and ordering a hot tea.
A sudden stab of fear shot through Sherlock's chest, and his head snapped up to look around the store. Softly floating dust motes and quickly fading sunlight and a single worker were all that shared the space with him. Frowning, Sherlock felt his fear turn to confusion. He had no time to sort through these tricky, uncalled for (and not to mention annoying) emotions. He huffed and shuffled his feet in front of him, causing a whole stack of his books to fall over. This called the attention of the store keep, who was quick to come over and shoo Sherlock out.
John was, to say the least of him, handsome. He was unaware that his appearance was often likened to that of a god. Years of living in the enchanted wilderness had given John a hard muscled body, and though he was short and naturally petite, there was no denying the compact power that gave his movements a determined edge. His skin was darkened from long days in the sun, and the contrast of tan skin against golden hair would have made artists weep for the beauty of it. And his hair was considered golden. Blond was simply not an apt description for the honey-metallic colour of the short, tufted locks. His face was a kind one, red lips and eyes as blue as queens blood expressing every range and variance of emotion possible with the most subtle of quirks.
"Oh. Okay then." John gave Sherlock a watery smile. Realizing that Jane Austen's "Pride and Prejudice" was among that stack of books, his blush increased. "Um, thank you."
John nodded. He tried to tamp down on the excitement that was broiling in his veins at the prospect of going into the mundane world, but he was sure that it showed in the glint of his eyes.
The Seelie Queen sat atop her throne, pale blonde hair billowing in the gentle breeze, slender nose and black orbish eyes doing all that was necessary to express her disdain at the intrusion of the Shadowhunters.
She cleared her throat, emotion suffocating her voice for a moment. "What we have done, we would do again. I feel no regret. Fuck the Clave and the Council! Down with the City! You have been corrupted by greed! The Shadowhunters have lost their purpose, and I do not wish to live to see their downfall. So kill me. I care not."
John smiled shyly and looked down at his body."I don't know why you are so squeamish about naked bodies. You work at the morgue, you see naked bodies all the time."
John leaned against the doorframe of Sholto's living-turned-training room. "Well, you know, I had to see Molly off,sir, and it's a bit difficult to get around without wings."
"You have no right to be here." She gritted out between her teeth. "That being said, you better solve this one."
John could hear the uncertainty in her voice. He sighed. "I'm not going to follow you through the portal. Sholto really kicked my ass last time. I just, God, I want to see the world I'm from. I feel like my destiny waits for me there."
Sherlock swept into her flat and plopped himself down on her sofa. "Mrs. Hudson, you've been alive for nearly a millennia and caring for me for seventeen years, I implore you to check your ideas of decency at the door."
"Sherlock" John said, catching his breath. “I just wanted to tell you that you’re bloody brilliant. That note you wrote me about all of that stuff." John gestured to himself. "It was amazing, and you’re amazing, and you were right about it all. “Then John spun on his heel and marched out of the library, a blush so red and fierce on his face that he felt like a traffic light. It wasn't until later that he realized that his sketchbook was missing.
After the tea was cleaned and the queen served a portion of the meal, the queen reached across the table and took John's hand with a smile. "You are needed, John. You are one of my best warriors and so I am contractually obligated to send you on the troll hunt, but you are not of the fey bloodline. If you remember, the deal I made with the Shadowhunters dictates that only my fey need return after the troll is stopped. It is so rare that I have a chance to do something with out the careful eye of those damned demon hunters upon me. We must seize this lapse"
There was another thing, something that Sherlock never mentioned to Mrs.Hudson even when he was a little boy. Part of him was certain that it was a sign that he was just as mad as everybody accused him of being, and he feared it. Sherlock sometimes felt things, emotions and phantom pains that weren't his own. There were times when he needed to do something, such as shoot with accuracy or run for miles, things that Sherlock knew he couldn't do and yet. He could, but it also didn't feel like him doing these things. There was another presence inside his mind, one that prompted him to give to charity and use terse politeness at the grocery store. He couldn't shake it. It came from inside of him, but wasn't him.
The problem that John encountered was that Sherlock was beautiful because of the way he seemed to fracture reality around him into shards of glass. It wasn't the body that simple genetics had given him that made him so enchanting...it was the way he operated within it. He didn't walk-he strutted. He didn't talk-he announced. It's not a question, but a demand. When he sat, he lounged. His smile was no more than a brief lifting of his eyes and the most frugal of grins.
Sherlock was sitting on the edge of the bed, his eyes wide, his cheeks a fierce shade of pink. The fabric of his trousers was balled in his fists, and he was starring resolutely at the floor. His whole body seemed to quiver, even as he held himself still. John sat up, slightly mirroring Sherlock. He watched as Sherlock sucked on his bottom lip.
John huffed. It's weird. He didn't even think twice about pulling that trigger. The man's death hadn't even crossed his mind.
It is said that to this day, a white ash tree grows where those bodies lay, and that it stands defiantly against the rot.
John swallows. "Well, I suppose." The image of actually kissing Sherlock flashes in his mind and John's heart stutters. "Yes, I do. But,uh, I know that you don't feel that way about things. It's, It's all fine."
The worse part about being Sherlock's friend was that he always knew where you were, and didn't seem to understand the concept of boundaries. John vividly remembers when he was in the bathroom stall at school, red pants around his ankles and his nose in a book, elbows leaving indents on his thighs, when Sherlock popped his head over the stall door (the tall bastard) and commanded John to hurry up because they had stuff to do. John still remembers the pain he felt when he smashed his book into his dick, trying for modesty, and how Sherlock had rolled his eyes.
John felt as if he had been hit over the head with a blunt instrument. There was a thrumming in his throat, and tension in his shoulders. He reread the note, licking his lips, trying to understand what emotion exactly was drowning him. It was a toxic and intoxicating mixture of admiration, unsettled rage, and laughter. After a moment, the rage faded and John smiled. The word Brilliant whispered past his lips and he folded the paper and tucked it into his sketchbook, right next to the beautiful silhouette he had done last night. By the end of the day, John had taken out the note and studied it a thousand times. He could now recognize Sherlock's scrawl adorning all manner of furniture and text booklets, correcting what they printed wrong, or simply dropping random bits of information. John was quite pleased with himself. Sherlock Holmes not only knew who he was, he really knew who he really was. There may not be much of a difference, but the small recognition of who John was inside-not the nice, docile simple man he showed to everyone but the mirror-but the true John, the John who bit first and asked questions later. It was a part of John that he pushed down, the part of him that loved standing too close to the edge, which loved the sing of adrenaline that craved raw honesty and the unspoken things of life that can only be settled with the action of his body. Floating in the enamor of his good humor, John found himself checking into the library. He perused the book aisles, picked out two Agatha Christie books he had yet to read. Spotting a particularly interesting looking book on the top shelf, John jumped, feeling put-out that even library shelves conspire against the vertically challenged. As John jumped, wiggled, and puffed in attempt to reach his book, a long thin arm reached out and plucked it from the shelf.
A moment later, he opened them, but now the world was sideways. John could feel his how sluggish his heartbeat was, and he would have laughed at the irony of dying from blood-loss, of all things, during his first outing into the mundane world, but he hadn't the breath for laughter. As his vision spotted out he saw a tall dark figure making its way towards him. He had time to think about how much his scars where hurting him, and then the world went dark.
From among the trunks stepped out two forms. One, an older woman in a pink dress suit. Her eyes looked like an eagles and on her back there were two great grey-brown wings. The other, a man who looked fierce and other worldly, his ears pointed and face pale, except for a burn mark that crawled red over his chin and cheek.  He stood next to the woman and they both regarded the mothers and their children.
Mrs.Hudson huffed, but Sherlock could tell it held notes of fondness in it, and when she walked by and ruffled his head of dark curls, he let his grin show a little bit.
"Shadowhunters are coming to visit us. Some nonsense about a rouge fey loose in London." Sholto shook his head in annoyance.
John's mind scrambled. He breathed a 'yes' and then Sherlock was smiling at him, brilliant teeth against perfect lips, that smart tongue telling him to take off his poncho.
"I'm not breaking into your flat. If you aren't intelligent enough to have a spare key hidden out front, then you deserve being locked out."
John spent the first week looking for his sketchbook with panic sitting slick along his spine. During the second week, John was cranky and paranoid. He kept wondering who had found his sketchbook, and more importantly, if they knew it was his. The third week he spent in somber remorse at the loss of some his greatest art work. At the start of the fourth week, John was resigned to his fate, so after school he walked to the nearest frozen yogurt cafe. It was a favorite place of his, and he went there often. The only person who was ever in the cafe was the man who owned it, and he was a man of few words and fond glances.
In the distance, the panicked scream of a horse shattered the night, an alarm that let them know that their predators were close.  The blond boy stood up straighter next to his mother, young eyes turning distrustfully to glare into the shadows.
John was careful to guard his notebook. He didn't know if his drawings were creepy or flattering, but if anything that he heard about Sherlock Holmes was true, he knew Sherlock would scoff at him and tear him apart with words. John was positive that Sherlock would never like him back, not even in a friendly way, so he could only draw him from a distance. His fingers itched to get up close and personal, to see and document every angle, every blemish, and every sideways glance of contempt.
The night was one of those rare nights when the stars themselves seemed to sing a silver key melody over the hushed midnight of a sleeping city. The dark sky was neither blue nor black, but held the mysterious depth of an infinite in-between. A winged shadow sliced through the crisp night air, spiraling down into the false twilight of a city street. Wings tucked against her back, a streetlamp banished the mystery from her form, revealing a women of a grandmotherly age walking down the street with a child tucked close to her heart.
John always thought that never was the ancestry of the fey more undeniable than when one was confronted with one of the queens. The fey come from the coupling of angels and demons, and both of the faerie queens had an unnatural beauty that spoke of heaven and a disturbing quality about them that warned of greater danger.
Sherlock stood and removed his rubber gloves, snapping them off his fingers with a semi-dramatic flourish.
The words are fragrant ones, tinging the air with sliced peaches and fresh cream, and John could taste them on the air, oxygen molecules mixed with hope and husk. They fill his lungs and stir the spark of fervor until it ignites across his neurons in a brilliant ark of desire.
Sherlock turns away so John can't see his expression, but he can see his pulse strumming underneath the delicate skin of his neck when he asks "You've had girlfriends before?"
"Oh, Sherlock," She shook her head sadly as the boy fell asleep on the supporting cloud of her magic. "Whatever is to become of you?"
The words whispered through the forest, the star- studded midnight above the groaning trees casting just enough light to see the speaker and her companions, two small children and one other woman, who huddled beneath the twisting gray branches of an old elm  tree. The wind slithered through the naked branches, dead wood and shriveled leaves scratching out warnings to all who choose to travel the treacherous path that winds around the falling, rotting trunks.
A chill ghosted down John's arms. This moment in time felt like the hinge upon which his destiny swung. John swallowed and set his shoulders. "What do you need me to do?"
John knew he was lagging behind, but he couldn't help it. He had caught glimpses of the mundane world through the portal, of course, on the few occasions that he had tried to escape, but standing in the middle of it, breathing in the smog of overcrowding, hearing the distant cry of sirens-John felt that this is what it meant to be alive. There was a heartbeat to the city, and John could feel the quiver of it beneath his feet as he ran along its alley ways. Joy bubbled up inside of him, electricity crawling along the scars on his forearm and chest. He let out a laugh that lingered in that alley way long after he was gone from it.
The pair disappeared without a sound, the pond swallowing the child's cries, ripples spiraling out from the bodies impact.
However the marks shivered and took, imprinting new scars over fast beating hearts.The boys held onto each other, small fingers reaching out to latch onto the other with a desperation and need unnatural in children so young.
Regardless, John loves the madness that shrouds Sherlock like a cloak. He loves getting jolted awake at 3 in the morning, wondering how Sherlock got into his flat,and running into the night to chase down the evil of the world. He loves how Sherlock pushes him to study harder because really knowing how to doctor just might save a life one day. He loves the man he becomes around Sherlock, he loves how smiling with Sherlock feels like walking the edge of a knife, and how laughing with him feels like drowning in warm tea. He feels his heart skip a beat, knowing that he, and he alone, gets to see Sherlock in ratty t-shirts and silk robes, bare feet straining on the window seal as he taps on the glass. Only John gets to know that Mycroft-was-being-insufferable-no-he-couldn't-use-the-door-like-a-normal-person-John-normal-is-boring.
John's home consisted of a hammock, a small wooden chest, a large mirror, and a basin from which water trickled in. The basin was built into the trunk of the gigantic elm, while the rest of the room was laid out across the flat surface of the branch. The branch itself was wide, John being able to stack four of himself and lay them perpendicular to the edges, and still have room to spare.
Or so he thought, anyway. What really happened was he stared ahead for a few minutes before pulling out his phone and calling up Mike's girlfriend, Marianne, who came and herded a very blank John back to his flat.
"-Your father," His mum interrupted, “used to paint. When we met he used to paint me little things on napkins and such. Did I ever tell you how we met? No? Well, at the time I was working as a nurse, healing up soldiers. Your father had gotten himself shot, and I was tending at his bedsit. I thought him charming, but I also thought he would never notice a plain girl like me."
Marianne did indeed stay the night. In fact, John fell asleep before she did, and it was because of this that he found himself being dragged down the stairs and thrown out into the cold London night in nothing but his slippers and his pajama bottoms. He pounded on the door.
Although what one perceives as pretty is heavily influenced by what one found comfortable and interesting as a child, and so is not at all an adequate or a concrete descriptive adjective. -SH
A snort came from under his bench and with the smile still in place, John swung his heel back into the source of the noise. The boys seemed to waver slightly, confused, before one of them heard some imaginary noise in the distance.
It was true. The sky had darkened into a royal blue, leaking darkness down, dripping it around the alcove. The streetlamps had turned on, their orange-golden halos made hazy by the rain, midnight smearing its fingertips around the circles of light. John sighed. He was reluctant to go, to leave the bubble that surrounded Sherlock. John felt seen, in this moment, in the rain. He felt alive. "Yeah, your right. I'll be getting home then." John nodded at Sherlock as he lifted a hand and walked-slowly, oh so painstakingly slowly-away, wishing for that deep voice to shout his name, for those beautiful pale fingers to wrap around his wrist and drag him away again. John had to dig his nails into the palm of his hands to keep from turning around.
At dinner, He and Sholto had jut settled in for a meal of roasted acorn, whipped potatoes and creamed corn when a knock came upon the door. Sholto stood to answer, as it was his house, but as soon as he had opened the door he was bent over in a bow.
John had a mate named Mike Stamford. Mike was an unassuming fellow, intelligent in words but a little dull in people skills. Mike was reliable, and John liked that. What John didn't like is that Mike was constantly peeping over John's shoulder, apparently curious as to what John was doing. Though it annoyed John, he couldn't really hold it against Mike. Mike had a ten year plan, had been with his girlfriend ever since elementary school, and knew what he would do every year of his life from now to his deathbed. John, on the other hand, was a boat adrift. He had no direction, but plenty of talent. After his father had died three years ago, John's lack of enthusiasm only seemed to grow. The only reason why he went to university in the first place was because he got a full scholarship, and his mum wouldn't let him do otherwise. The only thing John has really been passionate about is drawing, and even he knew that you couldn't make a financially stable career out of that.
