“Honest? You want fucking honest? How about stay the fuck away from me? You don’t know shit about me. You think we had something just because we banged a few times? You were nothing but a warm body to me. That’s it.”
“Cas, you and me are family, we are way beyond friendship at this point, you're my brother.”
“Well it's a good thing I don't know anything about where you're going.”
“They were. I wish you could have met them. My mom would have loved you. She would have cooked up a storm when I brought you home for the first time; she would have covered the table with steak, potatoes, salad for Sammy, and one of her double cherry pies.”
He waited for a moment and after the third ring his mother’s face appeared on the screen. “Kevin! There you are! I was so worried; why didn’t you let me know you made it alright?”
The hallway was crowded with people rushing back and forth with boxes, some trying to get their groups together, others lined up for the chance at a shower, urging each other to hurry, and some just walking around still half asleep and unsure of what was even happening. Polly knocked on the Doctor and Jamie’s door, “Doctor, Jamie, we need to go, the ceremony is about to start!”
“Yes, you can,” Sam agreed suggestively and Kevin laughed a bit under his breath.
However, his actions could only go unnoticed for so long. Soon the whole tower knew he was collecting stories and mages of all ages were seeking him out in order to be heard. That also brought negative attention, after all, the perpetrators of many of these crimes were still in the tower.
“Gabe! Wait!”
“You sneak!” The two smiled at one another as they continued the game long into the night.
“Doctor, we do appreciate your help, but it would be safer-“
Gabriel lifted a brow and snapped his fingers, his body filled with a red body and mind aura and he lifted Sam easily onto the counter and flew up over him. Gabriel straddled him and rolled his hard on against Sam's. The wood whined under their weight as Gabriel began to undo Sam's pants, palming his erection. Gabriel pressed harder on Sam's clothed erection as he moved his face just inches above Sam's, taunting him by keeping their mouths just out of reach from one another. “Mark my words Sam, one day, I'm gonna let you tear me apart with this beast and it's gonna be so fucking awesome, it's gonna be the best day of your life.”
“Some E. That’ll relax you, just like old times. I got a stash in the Impala, good shit too, I’ve been saving it for the right time.”
“Can we get rid of...that,” Cas motioned to the dying fairy statue in the doorway and Dean cringed.
“Then what
“I doubt all of this has killed my father either, he is a bit of a cockroach. As for the others, my sister Anna is dead. I know she would be here if she were alive…the others I’m not sure. I hope they are doing well, but to be honest, I didn’t have much contact with them towards the end.”
“So she’s gonna destroy everything to leave? Couldn’t she hide on one of the tourist ships and leave by herself if she wanted off so badly? Why does she have to do something like this?” Jamie interrupted, his clutch on the Doctor’s arm tightening.
That night, Dean read through the first meditation. From what he got, it was mostly the guy showing gratitude to the people who helped him become a better person. Dean tried to think back through his life for who taught him what, but it was harder than he thought. Sam taught him patience for sure. His father taught him to be brave. Then there was his mom…
“Oh, It’s John Smith, he just likes to be called The Doctor, isn’t that right, Doctor?” Jamie said pointedly, grabbing the Doctor’s arm protectively and the Doctor nodded, “Yes, Jamie. Forgive me, I should have filled that part out.”
Obviously drug problems
“They sound like amazing people.”
“Yeah, I think I might just do that.”
“Considering that I know how to make this particular lion purr, I don't think it'll be too difficult of a fight.”
Castiel smiled, “Lethallin, then as your brother, I think you should tell Kevin how you feel about him.”
“Make sure you stay in contact with one another, if someone gets a sample, everyone needs to come back immediately,” Mary reminded them at the door.
“Well, yeah. Yeah, I guess I am,” Sam smiled into his plate and Dean just lifted a brow curiously.
“My niece, she made it,” Sam whispered more to himself than anyone else and Kevin gave his back a gentle pat, urging him to go to her.
“You too and yeah that makes sense, classic cars are like that. So, you are probably more into newer cars then?”
“I doubt it's shooting off fast enough to do that.” Sam said matter-of-factly and the older boy laughed.
“Wow, Charlie, this looks…” Sam started as he took the basket, but Charlie cut him off, “I overdid it, I know. But I couldn’t help myself. You and Dean have always been like big brothers to me and Cas is just awesome. In my excitement, I may have added some extra stuff in there too, you know, for fun. Figured your guests might like something a little different. Especially since John, Mr. I only need salt and pepper to season everything, is going to be cooking for a few days.” Charlie gave an exaggerated face of worry and Sam bumped her with his elbow.
“You may turn around now,” Cas said quietly and Dean froze for a moment, worried Cas might have been reading his mind, but after no further comment came he turned to see Cas still facing him on the bed with a shit eating grin.
“Sure, Jack, that one should be fine,” Castiel called back with a wave.
Cas sighed, “Come on Dean, lets take your things upstairs and then we can get you something warm to drink.”
“Uhm, maybe, actually. There is this girl in my herbology class. She's a hufflepuff, so I guess we won't see each other that often, but she's really nice...and funny and cute.” Sam blushed thinking about her.
“Maybe. We do have a piano at my place. No one has played it in a while though, it belonged to my great grandma or something. My parents hauled it all the way here from Kansas.”
“Huh? Oh, aye,” Jamie agreed and Kevin gave them a suspicious look before sighing and pulling out his tablet. “Here, I got some pictures. This is from my apartment window.” The picture was facing down dozens of stories with only thick smog at the bottom.
The next day, Kevin prepared several cameras just in case and relied on Polly to help him carry them, she even offered to help take pictures, which he jumped at the chance at. Everyone in the group had dressed in their best, though they hadn’t exactly packed wedding appropriate attire. The Doctor’s suit was a bit less frumpy than usual, Ben and Jamie both wore dress shirts, although Jamie still wore his ‘kilt’ while Ben was in simple slacks. Polly had her hair up and was wearing a short, but beautiful light pink dress that had small clear sequins embedded into the thick frabric to make it shine in the light.
Then with the same sudden motion that he took him, Castiel released the hunter and smiled, looking Dean over with a somewhat intense meaningful gaze, that Kevin couldn’t imagine being on the end of, “Good luck, Dean.”
“The skirt, why are you wearing a skirt? It’s for easy access isn’t it?” Kevin grinned and Jamie looked over at Ben.
Benny looked to see a couple of stray walkers coming towards the reservoir, “We’re on it Jody, keep up the good work.”
“You OK, brother?” Benny asked and Dean shook the memories off.
Dean took a deep swallow of the Antivan sip-sip and felt the burn crawl down his throat and warm his chest. “Benny, marry me. Seriously.”
“Sam! Hey, we are still on for tonight right?”
Dean had tried to spread his lyrium out, but every time he got up to the two day mark, the hunger, emptiness and pain combine with the fact that he knew he had lyrium in his room, ended in him drinking more. On his second week he spent his entire week's allowance on bottles of Aqua Magus, but even that could only get him through an extra two days. Now on his tenth day, he was feeling reasonably ok, though still drunk from the night before, and he was completely out of lyrium and lyrium infused alcohol. This was it. He was basically on the halfway point through his punishment and he was totally out now. In one more day he would be hurting bad, in a few days he wasn't sure what would happen. If he could make it to the 14th day he'd get more money and he could buy more lyrium infused alcohol. That would be better than nothing, but that was 4 days without. That was double the longest he'd ever really gone without it.
After the movie, Kevin and his mom went to get dinner at a classy seafood place nearby on the upper level. His mom loved the place and they almost always ate there when they went out together.
“He's just a friend. Let it go. Dean, I'm going to kill you.”
“Dean...you're still shaking...would you mind if I used one of my auras?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Benny pulled up to where the templars were waving him down and Dean looked at them one by one and instantly recognized Cole. “Cole? What are you guys doing all the way out here? Is this about the escapees? Don't tell me you guys haven't found them yet?”
“More...”
“What? No. I was just wanting more wine.”
Cas looked away, “I wasn’t leaving because of you…I was trying to make things better, to make up for all the mistakes I’ve made…to prove to myself and to you that I am…not worthless.”
Dean spit blood at her face, using his sword to shove her back. Abaddon laughed and licked some of the blood splatter from her cheek. “Touchy aren't we? So, to sum up, we have brother, naive young lover rescued from the tower, and anyone else? Did you stick to personal relations or did you just let them all out? Now, that would be something to see.”
Dean laughed, “Prude.”
Dean felt a pang of jealousy, “Is it really that easy?”
“Alright, I guess. But that hot chocolate better be amazing.”
“Mary must have gathered everyone to keep them from panicking,” John said and Bobby wiped some sweat from his brow, “I don’t think anything is going to keep people from panicking at this point.”
Sam brought out their plates two at a time and handed them out. Kevin’s hand brushed against Sam’s as he took his plate and he had to stifle a whine from his throat at the brief contact; his mind and body were clearly on opposite sides of this ‘let’s not think about Sam anymore’ game.
“She sounds wonderful.”
“Dad,” Jo scolded and Bobby heaved a sigh, “Alright, well what do you wanna do?”
The elven villagers asked as Jimmy and Cas ran through the alienage with Amelia and Claire. “We have to get out of here. I'm sorry!” Jimmy shouted and soon everyone was trying to help him. Word spread fast through The People and without question they stood by one another in support. People held out bags of coins and food for him as he ran by. As the fire grew, city guards began to rush in and the elves quickly started pointing to the house on fire, distracting the guards from Cas and Jimmy.
“It might take time, but it's all you can really do for her.”
Dean laughed quietly under his breath, “Nah, I'm good. This should be a decent enough amount to finish by tomorrow.” He folded it into his robe pockets.
Sam walked in with the lyrium, “Please don't even joke about that. At this rate it might happen.” He held the bottle out and Dean took a deep chug, feeling the strength return to his body.
“Mary plans to set everyone up in the food storage units, everything else in the village is made of wood or glass, so unfortunately they don’t have much choice. From there, she plans to continue sending for help and trying to figure out how to use the shuttle to take small groups out of the area.”
Castiel listened to her and for a moment he could almost hear the sound of the rain dripping through the roof like it had in his childhood home. This must have been why he had been sent away, this was probably the reason most of the elves were in the tower. “Claire is your daughter, I have no right to tell you what to do...I only wanted you to be aware of the situation in the hopes that you would help keep her free. She seems like a brave girl and I think she deserves better than to be torn away from her home and locked away for the rest of her life.”
“Yes, of course. Sorry.” Cas brought the bucket over and held out the cloth, “Are you able to...”
His heartbeat was pounding in his chest so hard he thought it might splatter all over his ribs, his breaths had turned to panting and his head was exploding as it took in everything around him in extreme detail. Everything felt so good, even the scratchy cotton blankets gave him just enough friction to make him feel like someone's nails were going up and down his limbs, the sweat dripping down from his brow was cold and crisp, contrasting to the internal heat he felt. He ran his hands down his body and tried to think of someone, anyone that he'd had sex with or wanted to in the last few months, but every time the only image he could see was blue vitriol eyes and big soft looking pale pink lips, and those elf ears. Dean had never been with an elf, the idea of licking up Cas's ears and sucking on their ends made his head fall back gasping for air. He tried to shake the image out of his head, but he couldn't. He looked around and made sure he was alone, just in case. It'd be ok, just one time, Cas wouldn't have to know. He moved his hand into his small clothes, no more dancing around it, he didn't want foreplay. “Cas...Cas.” He huffed as he imagined the mage in front of him, with his defiant eyes, and his slight hint of a smile, and soft hands. The hands are what did it in the end. He lay there completely satisfied and breathless as the lyrium cooled in his veins. He pushed off his now ruined small clothes and finally he could go to sleep, curled naked in the old cotton blanket.
“I fear if I go faster, I won't last.”
“Yeah Benny and pack it high. I could eat a bear right now. Or a bronto.”
“Well, the classes are really interesting. I'm learning a lot and I made a friend. He lives in the frat, so even without a whole lot of free time we can hang out. We've been studying together a lot. His name's Brady, you'd like him, he likes classic cars too.”
“I don't know why we bother sending them to the circle at all, if we just kept killing them I bet a few generations in and we'd run out of mages. Cut off their bloodlines all together,” one of the senior templars, Abaddon, said with a wicked smile.
“Pleasure to meet you, Sam. I see the good genetics run in the family, good to know,” Gabe teased from his place, leaning on the back of Sam's chair.
“Fucking fiesty, will you just stop already?” Dean grabbed her arm and pinned her against the wall. From this distance he could see her better, under her hood she had beautiful dark red hair and moon pale skin. She had cuts on her cheek and bruises around her neck, someone had a hold of her at one point.
Meg looked him over for a minute, “New huh? Look it's floors and sections, each floor has so many sections right? So, you just go to the map here and boom, find the floor you're guarding and then the section, then when it's your turn you go up there and watch the kiddies play. Think you can handle that?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yup. I don’t do a lot of sweets, that’s really more of my brother’s thing, but hot chocolate is definitely one of my weak points. I love curling up with a good book and a mug of hot chocolate by the fire. That’s basically my perfect day, well until I get interrupted, which is all the time.”
****The Harbor****
“Is he alright?”
“I might have to ask for a transfer if Clarence is sticking around,” Meg lifted her eyebrows suggestively.
Dean looked at the list for weekly duties. “Uhm, what does F2S3 mean?”
“About your engagement. Dean you know how the Campbells are. They are hunters to the core, as old fashioned as it gets. There is no way they are ok with you and Cas.”
“Yeah....about...everything and pretty much made myself look like a jackass,” Dean sunk down and sat on the stairs, Sam following and sitting beside him.
“Is she…” Polly asked and the Doctor cleared his throat, “Well, let’s take a look here.” There were a couple soft pats and then from nowhere burst a powerful high pitched scream and Kevin looked over at the curtain with everyone else in the room as Amelia started laughing in pure relief.
“I'll text you when I get to work.”
Dean looked at Cas and slowly moved forward until Cas could reach his face. “It hurts Cas, everywhere, so much, I want to die. Please. Let me.”
“I overheard her talking to her husband about it when she came back that first night. Mary doesn’t want this to happen, I’m sure she will keep her community on her side.”
“That's a nice story.” Sam said as he looked the golden figure over with a new respect.
They came together for one more chaste kiss and Cas gave a quiet, “Goodbye Dean.”
“I'll get a bed ready for you upstairs,” Benny said handing over another bottle.
“Hello, Kevin,” Cas replied, somewhat uncomfortable.
“You want to move in together? That… is not  where I thought you were going with that,” Kevin felt dizzy from the constant whiplash.
“Let them have their fun, he's obviously fine if he's getting all excited over some little honey.” Benny said with a laugh.
“Cas,” She whispered and put her thin hand to his cheek, “This is what you'll become.”
“You really think he likes me like that?”
“No Jamie, not like that. Here, you have to hold this part while you twist this part here,” The Doctor pinched part of the decoration in Jamie’s hands, “Here, go ahead now.”
“Yeah, we uh, went clubbing,” Balthazar explained, trying to shrug it off as casually as he could.
“I’m good, gotta enjoy the little bit of sun we have today before it starts inevitably snowing again.”
“Cas, I just-”
Dean was led to Chuck's bedroom, where he was typing away at his computer in a rumpled bathrobe. The minute they entered through the already open door, Chuck stopped typing and lifted his brows curiously. The man was disheveled, with an untrimmed beard that had to be at least a few days old, and had the nervous look of a chipmunk ready to run, or more likely in this case fly, away.
Benny shook his head and brought them some Hirol's Lava Burst. “Here, you go. Something nice and hot for you.”
“Uh huh,” Dean said trying to keep his moans quiet as he grabbed at his dick again, taking Cas's as well, pumping them together their pre-cum lubricating his grip. Cas closed his eyes and let Dean take him close to the edge again before settling his hand over Dean's to stop him.
As the weeks went by, the constant noise, lack of decent food and adequate sleep, the filth of the frat and the stress from studying was all building up on Sam's shoulders like bricks. Mid terms didn't make things easier and with everything wearing him down he only managed B's on his tests. The disappointment from that sent him straight to his room to crash with his head on his desk. He stayed that way for what felt like an hour before he heard a quiet knock on his door. “Go away,” he grumbled, but the door opened anyway. Brady was standing there with his usual carefree grin, like nothing touched him, and then there were those soft eyes that always seemed to see right through any walls Sam had up.
“Yeah, let’s go.” With that, Ben and Kevin helped each other upstairs to their room and threw themselves, still dressed, into their separate beds. The lull of alcohol made Kevin want so many things. He wanted a shower, he wanted Sam, he knew he needed to take notes on the things he had learned that day before he forgot them, and he needed to tell his mother he had made it safely to Earth 2.8, but in the end, he couldn’t keep his eyes more than a couple minutes before he passed out.
“Shut up jerk.”
“Then, yeah, of course I'd want to leave. I want to see my mother, I want to go where I want, I want to ride my horse again, even though he's the one who got me into this mess,” Kevin teased and Sam smiled. “And, I'd want to spoil you rotten. Let you see what the life of the nobility is like. I could feed you grapes and play music for you all day and then we would hold a big masquerade at night, just like the Orlaisians so no one would know who we were, then after that...well let's just say we would probably have to get my mother out of the house for that part,” Kevin grinned wickedly as he continued drawing.
Forgive me for making them Campbells...I won't bring it up too much.
Hannah -> Cas
Sam held Kevin up as Castiel tipped his head slightly back and pushed his fingers into Kevin’s mouth to work it open. At this point Kevin had little strength or awareness, so his mouth opened pliantly, and saliva ran down his chin. Castiel carefully put one pill in his mouth, and then brought water to his lips. It took a moment, but with a lot of gentle coaxing, he finally got Kevin to swallow.
“Uhh Romeo, Romeo, where the fuck are you, Romeo? Pretty sure everyone knows that part, Cas.”
Dean quickly tore the rest of the chain off of him, wincing at the trails of blood and skin being pulled off as he did so. When the chains were puddled on the ground around him, Cas' wings revealed themselves in full again and his eyes began to glow brightly. Dean heard his cousins preparing their guns behind him and he grabbed for his own. But before Dean could do anything, Cas stood, swiftly moved Dean to the side, and put his hand out towards Dean's grandfather and cousins blasting them with a powerful burst of magic that made them all crumple to the ground, holding their stomachs and groaning in pain.
“Yes, that was my estimation as well…with a small town like this it makes sense that the people would rely on the local military for support.”
Dean was exhausted, particularly his shield arm. They told him the shield would get lighter with time, but it was sure taking a while. Holding it down to ward off magic just seemed to make it harder too. He wandered into a tavern and sat at the bar where a man only a couple years older than himself was serving drinks and food.
A few days later, the group crammed themselves into Cas’s truck and headed down the mountain, through the valley, and out towards the Salmon river for a day of fishing. The snow had finally stopped, though the thick grey clouds above threatened to start again at any moment.
Sam laughed and continued rising, his fingertips gently caressing Kevin's sides as he pulled the robe higher. Kevin lifted his arms and Sam pushed the robe onto them before pushing him against the wall, his arms still caught in his robe. The bottle of Dragon Piss clinked against the wall and Sam quickly took it from him and set it on a nearby table before going to Kevin's neck and peppering it with wide open mouthed kisses.
Dean let it stay quiet between them for a moment, just breathing, his mind too foggy and too torn to make any kind of decision, but Cas waited with him and let him figure it out. “Cas…let me do it.”
“So, what about now?” Castiel asked, finally looking over at Dean from the corner of his eye.
****Redcliff****
“Who is Kevin?” Gabriel looked over at Sam and Sam just put his face back in his hands and tried to will the entire dinner away.
“Had to,” Jamie coughed again, “for the bairn.”
“It's something you had from before?”
“You'd all be free and together. I know it would be hard, but-”
“You are scheduled for a press-only tour after that too, right?” Sam asked curiously and Kevin nodded, “Yes, around town to see some craft work, I believe?”
Castiel looked down at him with worry, “Jack, do you want to find a different boat while I take Sally over to the truck?”
Dean quickly picked up the potatoes and made his way onto the main street. It curved around through the city to the market place. The castle was so close now he could see it, that was where the young new King ruled. The marketplace was even busier than the harbor and he could see templars on patrol as well as city guards. There were small stalls set up for traveling merchants and the more permanent stores around that. The place was full of life, Dean could only imagine what the really big cities were like. Despite all the people, he still felt exposed in the open market area. He just needed to get into the back alleys, it would be easy from there. He noticed none of the templars were wearing their helmets, it was probably like Cas had expected, they were being careful not to let Dean slip by in his robes. They didn't seem to be on alert, so that meant that Cas, Kevin and Sam were probably safe for the time being. He could only hope they had already met at The Pearl.
“Yes. Though I'm not sure when that will be," Castiel sighed, "We should get going before Gabriel brings more ice.”
The next few days were incredibly busy, but as they took care of the trees, the trees took care of them. The trees built temporary homes for the people to use until they could import enough supplies to rebuild properly, and the community held many funerals fueling the injured trees with nutrients from the lives they’d taken in their sickness. Every day the people of Occulta Caelum worked with their trees to clean up their home and every night they slept early, weary with exhaustion. There had still been no word on Anna or Ash which led people to believe she had more than likely made it off planet with the hostage pilot. At least Naomi had been arrested.
, which was going to be in medicine with a heavy focus on science. For his first year, Sam chose to live in a fraternity. Everything was new and exciting, everyone seemed interesting, and everyday screamed of possibility and opportunity, but he was only there for a week before everything fell apart.
Something about that seemed to strike a chord with Castiel and his gaze softened, he finally looked over at Dean with several unspoken questions.
“Come on,” Castiel called, getting his attention before leading him to the Inn. The Inn was quiet and all of the lights were out, even the fire in the lobby. Kevin had never seen it like this, it was eerie. He followed Castiel through the dinning room and into the kitchen. With each footstep he could feel vibrations from the ground and he was sure he could hear wood crackling.
Dean looked around and made sure there was no one else there from the order around before leaning over the counter to whisper to Benny, tilting a bit in the process from the sudden rush of alcohol to his head, “I need to be good at the abilities or they won't send me to a tower. I'll just be some guard in a chantry my whole life. But if I'm good at dispelling magic, good at hunting mages, they will send me right where I need to be. I'm not taking any chances.” Dean lifted his eyebrows as if strengthening his point before sitting back down and bringing a large spoonful of potatoes and leaks to his mouth.
“Fine, fine. At least the man can cook so I know you aren't gonna starve if you eventually move in together. Speaking of which...you uhh should probably know that me and Cas had a talk today and we're thinking about getting going with that whole baby making thing.”
“Which would probably break half the world, but that honestly might be what it takes.”
“Ah, the lyrium, yes, of course I can do that.” Dean blinked at Cas in surprise, but he quickly started taking his gloves off, not ready to question it.
“Thanks guys.” Samandriel led them out of the library and Sam's head went racing. Maybe it was fate or destiny, maybe he and Kevin were just not meant to be together. Maybe he needed to get over it and just be Kevin's friend.
“Be strong.” Kevin whispered to Sam, giving him one more small peck before moving out into the hallway, watching Dean carefully as he went.
“Ok, so that freakishly tall monster from a shampoo commercial is my brother Sam; Sam, this sexy, nerdy beast over here is my boyfriend, Cas.”
Cas looked down and raised his brows, “No, just thinking that since you and Sam are brothers, technically magic runs in your family and therefore in a way you were somewhat 'made for that shit'.”
Dean nodded, “Won't let them take you or Sammy or Kevin. I'll keep everyone safe.”
Dean gave a proud smile and went back to his food while Benny shook his head and went to serve some other customers before coming back.
“Sweetheart...”
“Uhm, ok?”
Castiel made his way onto the ship and went close to the woman, “Wait, who isn't here?”
“Oh I know.” Dean winked and Ash grinned.
Dean smiled at him, “You're amazing, babe. Come on, let's get outta here,” Cas winced with each step, but he made it upstairs while Dean hit an app on his phone that instantly sent an alert to Sam before running up to join Cas.
“What fun is that.”
As Dean let go of Sam, he turned and looked at Cas, and froze: he had no idea what to do. He wanted to hug him, but he couldn’t. Suddenly, everything with their kiss and their fight, all of it came back and hit him hard. Castiel didn’t trust him…didn’t want him. All those daydreams of building a family with him were just that, daydreams.
“Oh, yeah, thank you. Sorry, must have been all that walking today.”
A man with dark hair and a beard, sat staring at a large black burn mark on the floor of his cottage with rage and frustration frozen on his weary face, and a green eyed boy sitting on the floor next to his feet was biting his lip tightly trying not to cry.
“I will.”
“Hmm…that could be it…possibly…but those houses look like they’ve already been looted.”
“Turn magic into a tool and not something to be feared,” Anna finished for him and Cas looked at her with a mixture of worry and desperation.
“Have you spoken to him lately?”
“Probably when Dean and Castiel get back.”
Without warning, Charlie ran over and hugged him, throwing her arms over his armor and pulling him down to her. He smiled and hugged her back. “Thank you. Thank you, thank you, thank you.”
“Or what?”
“Right, for the wedding offering. You are definitely one lucky guy my friend, like seriously, some of those berries were worrying me this year, but they managed to pull off enough fruit to meet the request. Guess they want Dean and Cas married as bad as the rest of us.” Charlie said, laughing a bit to herself as she led them to the back of the greenhouse where a basket full of clean, fresh fruit was ready for them. The clearly hand woven basket was prepared with a thin pink plastic wrap to keep the fruit in place and covered with celebratory ribbons.
“Well, that's a start. Let's do it.”
“Yeah, I know him, he's in section three, over that way. Somewhere on the left.”
Still, the way the communities came together to support one another was beautiful; the other communities sent shuttles full of food and supplies almost every day to help and within the week, a temporary landing pad was made and all the tourists were gathered to go home on time.
“Where is she?”
“He should be here somewhere. I couldn’t actually find him because there were so many angels and they were all buried in this sort of living darkness-“
The summer started with Sam settling back at home. Being back home, being reminded that his parents were gone was hard at first, but he was grateful for the quiet and the familiarity. He had a few more classes to finish for his degree, so he began studying for them in the afternoons while Dean was away at work. He would call Brady now and then just to talk, and even just hearing the man's voice made any worries, grief, or stress he had, vanish.
In the end, he just went back to his room and laid on his bed with his arms resting over his face.
“I hope that was the end of it,” Polly whispered as she leaned against the window.
“I mean it, there are a lot of hot guys and girls out there beyond these walls, you better not run off on me.”
Violence
“Have you actually been to Tevinter?”
Despite how well everything was going, it was still hard to get much time together. On weekdays they could only meet for about a half hour between Dean and Cas's shifts at the fire station and on weekends a lot of it depended on Gabriel, which basically meant that even on weekends they were lucky to get a couple of hours together.
“Thus the problem.”
“Like lessons?”
“Yup, check it out. From Orlais.” Dean pulled out an apple, “I got one for Kevin and Sam too, think you could give them to them?”
“The papers right? What’ll we do then?” Ben asked moving closer to the Doctor. At that point the Doctor’s gaze met Kevin’s and Kevin quickly turned away as if he had been caught creating a fake picture for an article.
After food, Cas took Anna outside and Dean pulled Sam aside while Chuck, Lucifer and Gabriel settled into the living room.
Cas looked around for a moment, the tents were quiet and the forest showed no signs of movement other than small animals, so he looked back at Dean with a small smirk, “I suppose that could be arranged.”
Cas's eyes lit up, “That sounds really nice actually.”
Sam didn’t hesitate, “Yes. I know that to survive people have to fight now, they have to kill and steal and do a lot of things they may have never thought they were capable of, but that doesn’t mean they’ve all lost who they were. Most people are just scared and trying to find a way to live, that doesn’t make them evil. Even those people earlier today, they were clearly just hungry and scared.”
“I understand that Anna, but is this really how you want to experience it? If we get high enough standing maybe-”
“Oh god here we go. What did I specifically tell you not to do?” Dean sighed and laid his head on the table.
“I don't mean like friends, Cas. I mean do you...you know? Have feelings for him?”
“I already lost my right to inheritance, I can do what I damn well want.”
Chuck cleared his throat, “Well...uhm if you two are happy, then that's all that matters.”
Sam rolled his eyes and opened the door for Kevin. Kevin stepped out and opened his umbrella as quickly as he could. The rain, being artificial, was consistent and unyielding. He looked up through his clear umbrella to see it dripping its way through the trees down to the earth. Everything was glistening and draining with collected water streaming downwards, yet still singing with each new drop that splattered down. The green of the forest seemed even more vibrant and the ice ornaments were temporarily gone.
“I'm going to set her free.”
“Come again?”
“It’s ok, it cut my leg is all. I’m fine.”
“Ok mom.” She gave him a quick, comforting smile and headed out as well.
Cas threw his harpoon, and in one perfect shot, nailed the roots that had Jamie in place so he could slip free, falling onto the Doctor who had been pulling at him.
Jamie looked at Kevin, “Have you seen the Doctor? Is Ben alright?”
“And Anna? She was just another casualty in your fight to get what you want?” Castiel looked up at him through thick lashed from under his unruly dark hair and his eyes just seemed all the brighter as they held him in place.
Dean looked at it for a moment longer and then smiled up at Cas, “It's awesome Cas. Thanks.” He pulled Cas to him and kissed him gently.
“No, Dean, I'm not giving up, and none of this is Dick's fault. Well, really. I sent word to the circle in Ostwick about my work collecting stories. I told them about the atrocities that have been committed here over the last decade and told them that I wanted to travel there to see if I could collect more for evidence supporting my claims of the unlawful abuse of mages in circles, but they...denied me.”
“Alright.” Cas knew he would have to do it eventually. He drew Hannah's card and looked over at her as she asked him the question. “Truth.”
“You have to stop fighting...” Cas's eyes went wide and he saw Michael in front of him with a rope burn around his neck.
Because America was too big to just have one school for their witches and wizards, everyone living in and to the west of North Dakota, South Dakota, Nebraska, Kansas, Oklahoma and Texas went to The Salem Witches' Institute in Oregon while everyone living to the east had to go to it's sister school in Boston. To keep the school's exact location hidden, all students were told to meet just outside Salem, Oregon at a hidden platform in an old abandoned train station. From there, they would be transported by the Salem Express to the school.
“She’s gone, mate,” Ben said with wide eyes, grabbing onto Kevin’s arms for support.
“Fair enough. Sam, I want you to know, the reason I didn't write was because I knew they wouldn't let me into your circle if they knew we were brothers. I never stopped thinking about you, I did all of this for you, so I could bust you outta here or protect you or whatever, I just didn't want us both to be alone. I know it took me a long time to get here, but I'm here.”
Their eldest son, Dean, decided to become a fireman after he finished high school. He wanted to be a hero like his parents, just in his own way. Encouraged by his family, Dean moved to a bigger city to try living on his own and working his way up from the bottom on his own hard work. He lived alone in a studio apartment, but frequently spent his nights out at bars picking up the most beautiful men and women he could find- which for him was not difficult. A well timed joke, a flash of his bright green eyes, a coy smile, and he could talk just about anyone into anything. Despite being so far from home, he made sure to visit his family whenever he could or at least sending them pictures of his latest cooking achievements. So much was just starting, but life was going well for him.
“So, you haven't served in a circle before, correct?”
“Aye, a wee bit of shut eye should do it. Sorry, Polly,” Jamie said quietly and went back into the room. The group watched him go until The Doctor gently shut the door.
By the end of the night, they were both drunk to the point that the world was spinning. Ash gave Dean a hug at the door as Benny cleaned up the tavern. “So how long you in town for bro?”
“As many as you want,” Sam promised, grinning.
“Yeah, I need to do this.”
“Balth, why don't you let Cas sit down and eat? Poor guy deserves to have his breakfast before it gets cold.” Kevin said and Balthazar waved Castiel towards the table with a sigh.
“Just a little more, Cas. Then we can get to it.”
Dean stopped to think about it and suddenly realized the obvious: getting married and moving in together didn't automatically mean he'd get an abundance of Cas time, not while Cas was still working two jobs. “I don't really know, Cas. I mean, what do you want to do? Are you gonna keep working both jobs?” He asked cautiously, almost afraid of the answer.
“How do we turn off the sun?” Sam asked between lazy kisses.
“I'm telling you, this movie needs a sequel. Who doesn't want to see Halloween invade other holidays? Like Easter! Think about it, the eggs could suddenly burst open with mutilated stuffed rabbits inside.” Gabriel said with a candy cane sticking out of his mouth.
“Anna got really carried away too, just to make him uncomfortable. By the end of it she was doing all this exaggerated moaning, Kevin was beat red and Gabriel was giving him tips to use on me.”
“I'm not sure. Samandriel won't talk to anyone about it. Hannah is the one who saw him walking with a templar last night, but they were in full armor, helmet included, so there is no way to know who it was if Samandriel won't talk about it. Gabriel is furious though, he's planning on setting traps outside Samandriel's room. I feel like it's more likely to catch Samandriel himself than it is a templar though.”
Mary turned the lights on and everyone who had been sleeping woke up with unhappy whines as the hunters put the boxes down in empty spaces and moved into the room. Polly stirred at Kevin’s side and smiled, still half asleep, when she saw Ben and Jamie helping to arrange the new supplies.
Dean grinned, “Good thing I'm not then, huh?”
Still unsure if the antidote worked or not, Kevin and Polly took Jess from the room and made their way back upstairs.
“Ok, I mean last night was hell. I was seeing crap and going crazy and everything hurt so bad I could barely move, but I'm ok now. So uh, thanks. I mean it.”
“I'll be fine, Dean. Thank you,” Castiel looked at him with a shy smile and Dean blushed, frozen again, letting his eyes crawl slowly from Castiel's eyes to his lips before going back up and licking his own lips in the process.
“We’ll just have to move fast and be careful,” Polly replied, but that plan did not sound even remotely safe. Kevin tried to think of a better alternative plan to suggest, but most of them involved leaving the Doctor and coming back for him, which he knew Polly and Jamie would never go for.
“What was that all about?” Ben asked The Doctor, whose smile fell a bit at the question.
“Of course I did. I missed my mom, I still do. I miss eating whatever I want and wearing whatever I want, but I love learning about magic. I love growing stronger and having more control every day, I love the library, they have more books here than any other library I've ever seen! I mean sure it's not Tevinter, but they have so many old books about everything. Sam, to be honest, if you gave it a chance, I honestly think you'd like it here. I've seen you eyeing the library when you've come to talk to me in there. Why hold back?”
Sexy time.
“Both?”
Cas licked over Dean's collarbone and Dean gently started to rock into Cas, “Too far...getting colder.”
“Here we go kid…”
“Alright everyone, we got the food ready, make sure you got places ready for plates. Sam get in here and help us serve,” John called from the kitchen doorway.
“Hey this is the nicest bed I've ever slept on, you better believe I'm comfortable. What is this shit, silk?”
“Yeah, alright. I’ll tell you when to turn.”
“Yup.”
Ben caught it, “Hey, I didn’t say it was bad, it’s sweet.”
“Uhm, I don’t know actually, my brother and father usually do the hunting. What I can tell you, is that this is an animal our people introduced to the environment hundreds of years ago. The only animal that is actually native to Earth 2.8 is the mire beast. Texture-wise, they are like octopuses, kind of rubbery, but they can be pretty good fried, we’ll probably be serving that a little later this week if my brother can manage to go out hunting.”
They continued to sext until Dean's cock was begging to be touched.
“Oh, yeah, sure, I guess.”
“You are gonna be the death of me, you know that?”
“Hi Kevin,” Sam beamed with excitement and Kevin just stared at him in confusion. Had he been drugged? Was he still asleep? Was this some kind of trick?
“Cas…they shot Jack.”
“Well, if you ask that nicely, how can I refuse?” Ash led the group from there, showing them various machines and processes, but his explanations were above what Kevin could understand. In fact, really only the Doctor seemed to understand as he kept asking clarifying questions and giving suggestions.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Ok, sure. What is it?”
Dean rolled his eyes and sat down, “Fine, talk, whatever, get your feelings out so I can go back to bed.”
“What about your brother?”
Castiel looked away unsure for a moment and then swung his legs out of bed and picked up Sam's robes from the floor. “You should sleep, maybe it'll help.” He put the dark green robes into their shared dresser and turned to Sam holding out pure white cotton robes that matched Castiel's.
“Thanks, but uh, there is one more part to this plan…that is all up to you, Cas.” Keep going, keep going, no turning around, you got this. Even if it all falls to shit, at least you’ll have told him. Come on!
Eventually, Sam got to the bottom while Dean gave up after falling on his ass and slid the rest of the way, covering himself up to the shoulders in snow and dirt in the process. Sam looked at him with worry, “Dean, what were you thinking? What if we have to go back to the car tonight? You could freeze to death.”
The mountains were already covered with a thin layer of snow. Everything was already covered with a thin layer of snow that seemed to glow in the sunlight. The forest was quiet on the long hike to Catsale, but when they got to the village the streets were full of last minute shoppers. Cas felt his feet slide against the icy pebble road with each step and he slowed his pace. The moment they entered the house they were hit with the smell of a honey glazed ham baking in the oven and the warm spiced scent of pumpkin pie cooling.
Benny walked up and clapped Dean on the shoulder, waking him from his daze, and breaking the awkward tension, “Good to see you all, you’re all just in time for breakfast, come on over. We got a lot to talk about, might as well get comfortable.” Dean flashed him a thankful look as they headed back to the table. Everyone scooted over so Castiel, Sam, and Kevin could scoot in some extra chairs.
“Are you using it?”
“I'm not really use to them. They feel a bit constricting.”
“Anyway, the…night terrors still happen sometimes…the panic attacks too. I just wanted you to know… in case you hear me again…or something happens…I want you to know what’s going on.”
It took what felt like forever, but Cas finally found some embrium. He carefully pulled some of the leaves off and moved to where Sam was holding Kevin. Cas carefully opened Kevin's lips and tore the leaves into small pieces and let them fall into Kevin's mouth. “Just having a tiny bit in his mouth should help, though embrium heals best through digestion, they say it can heal even by scent so we'll put the rest on his chest.”
“But who would murder Samandriel?” Polly asked.
The four of them met in Dean's room. Sam handed out supplies, giving each person a small pack to carry and each mage a staff. Cas's staff was made of two long entangled dragons that faced one another and in between their mouths sat an amber colored crystal, the staff was made of simple onyx, but it seemed strong enough. Sam had a more classic staff with a golden statue of Andraste at the end and a perfectly straight grip. Kevin's was an ironbark branch covered in red string and strange charms on it that reminded him of the horror stories he'd been told of Flemeth.
Sam looked down at Kevin, parting from his family as Mary held her husband tight and Dean and Cas checked each other’s equipment, “Kevin, how are you holding up?”
“Let’s go Polly, you don’t want to miss breakfast do you?” Kevin called against the door.
“That night we leave. They'll notice that many missing supplies, we can't risk sticking around.” Dean answered.
“Forget it, if you aren’t interested, that’s fine.”
“Well, since you’re first timers, let me explain a bit. I’m Chuck Novak, you’ve probably met my son Castiel?”
Cas looked almost disappointed that Dean was leaving, but he gave an accepting nod, “That would be greatly appreciated. It might be difficult for us to meet with our schedules being what they are, but perhaps we could meet on the weekend if you have it off as well? I've been helping my brother with his new business, but I might be able to get away for a little while.”
“Cross your fingers for a mire beast, babe,” Dean said giving Castiel another quick kiss, pulling him close.
“It's ok, Dean. I knew what I signed up for here...just wishin' you would have used a fake name or something.”
His eyes landed on the one in the middle, the guy was massive, but something about his sunflower eyes was familiar. Dean's mouth opened slightly as he tried to say something, but he was frozen in place. He looked the man's face over a few times confirming what his gut had already figured out and a smile slowly spread, “Sammy?” So much for covert at least he wasn't crying, yet.
“I could take him back to the shuttle. Dean and the others might need my help anyway.”
“Oh hell yes, Cas, you show this tower, baby, you fuck me so hard the Knight-Vigilant himself feels it all the way in the White Spire.” He handed Cas the oil, “Fuck me till I can't remember anyone's name but yours, till I can't fucking walk tomorrow.” Dean taunted, dropping his voice a bit so it came out in a husky tone.
Cas began to glow a dark blue and Dean felt a warmth run through his entire body, rubbing out the stress from each of his muscles and smoothing over his skin in gentle caresses before nestling in his chest. “Woah....” Cas smiled and finally leaned back in the hot tub, looking at the city through the thin white columns of the fence that wrapped around the balcony.
Jamie blushed leaning towards The Doctor, “Like this?”
The group ran passed the fields and the reserve, back towards where the others were setting up spike traps and a barricade. By the time they got there, Dean felt soaked through with sweat and a bit nauseous from overheating in all his layers.
“Yeah, I thought I'd come see how the class is.”
“Yeah, well, the stuff you've mentioned about it seems pretty interesting, so I figured I'd give it a try.” Sam gave a shrug and Castiel smiled his typical barely there smile and led him further down the hallway. When they got to the room, Balthazar, Gabriel, Lucifer, Michael, Anna, Hannah, and Samandriel were there already. Michael, Lucifer and Gabriel were all a couple years older than Castiel and Sam, Samandriel and Hannah were younger while Anna and Balthazar were in their class. From what Sam knew, Michael and Lucifer were rivals and best friends, almost like brothers; they were also two of the best mages in training in the entire tower. Gabriel was a prankster, who loved to torment people who deserved it: namely templars. Anna was like a big sister to Castiel, she was cultured and kind, but she could be a bit rebellious, it was something Sam liked about her. Samandriel was about as innocent and naïve as a kid could be, which led Sam to believe he was probably pretty sheltered as a child, and Hannah was a highly focused girl that seemed to idolize Castiel. Then there was Balthazar, Sam would never understand how he and Castiel became best friends, the kid was a loudmouth elitist and Castiel was, well, awesome.
“It’s so noisy, I hadn’t realized just
“It gets easier the more you do it. Here, read this part,” Castiel held the spot on the page and Dean gave an exaggerated sigh and leaned over, closing the space between them where they sat on Castiel’s bed.
“I only listened to the important one, but all I found out is that Naomi is starting her talk in the next community over; it doesn’t seem to be going any better than it did here.”
Really this chapter is just setting things up for the next chapter.
“It’s too quiet, where have they all gone?” Jamie asked quietly and Cas prepared his weapon, “Not sure, maybe they moved back into the forest?”
“Last night apparently. If they don't catch them tonight we are suppose to head out to help tomorrow.” Abaddon explained with an air of irritation. “Couldn't just do your job could you?”
Naomi looked Dean over carefully, her brows narrowed in judgment. “Yes, of course. It's nice to finally meet you Dean.” Her voice was cold and business like.
After a quiet moment of reverence, they headed through the empty streets and picked up a trailer, along with some spare tool kits from the local tow company, then went to the sporting goods store. Castiel had already cleared out a large portion of the store’s ammo, weaponry, medical supply kits, and camping gear, but there were still plenty of clothes to choose from.
“And you as well.”
be doing.”
Sam looked up with a smile, “Oh hi, welcome back. How were the tours?”
“I'm ok.” Kevin said quietly, his eyes starting to focus. Sam's eyes softened, ready to cry just from hearing Kevin's voice.
Gabriel laughed and ruffled Sam's hair from across the table, giving him a direct shot of soothing aura in the process that made it hard to complain. “I'll let you eat in peace then, I gotta make sure Anna doesn't mess up my volcano cakes.”
Cas sat beside Sam and noticed Sam was looking at his brother with a proud smile and it settled the worry inside him. Even though Dean was probably being punished, if this unfortunate incident brought the brothers closer, maybe it would ease whatever Dean would have to deal with. There were many punishments templars underwent at the circle, sometimes they were put in solitary like mages, sometimes they were whipped or flogged, or had to repent with a chantry sister, sometimes they were given extra guard duty or less lyrium, for the most extreme cases they were moved out of the circle. Knowing Dean would probably only be punished for fighting, he had figured Dean wouldn't be moved from the circle and now seeing him at breakfast assured him that he had been right. Still, that left a whole array of possibilities. Perhaps he could find Dean and talk to him later.
Sam looked at the bottle, turning it in his hands and smiled, “Yeah, ok. Thanks Dean.”
Dean heard several shots coming from inside the mill and assumed it must have been Gordon. Crazy fucker. He knew the guy was a psychopath, but to kill his own people? What kind of piece of shit would do that? Benny cursed under his breath and ran back towards the trucks. Jody and Dean ran after him. As they passed the main building of the mill they saw walkers pouring out after them.
Castiel smiled, “Trust me, Winchester, if I wanted to leave you, I would, but someone has to make sure you don’t get yourself into any trouble.” Dean laughed at the idea of trouble, his whole fucking life was trouble. The more he thought about it, the more it hurt, and soon that laughter turned into broken sobs as every bit of his wall that he had built up around himself came crumbling down.
“Still, you got across the lake. That's an improvement.”
“I'm going to go get him.” Cas said firmly and turned to the stairs, only to have Sam's hand catch his shoulder.
Kevin eyed the place curiously, he had never actually been to a hot spring, man-made or not, but he was excited to get clean. As they entered, a man with ruffled, curly brown hair and a fluffy bath robe welcomed them, “Hi everyone, come for a soak?”
“I dunno about that,” Kevin replied half serious and Sam moved a bit closer until he was standing at the edge of Kevin’s bed, “Well think of how nice it is when you come in from the rain, then. We could sit by the fire to get warm and dry, maybe have a cup of hot chocolate?” Kevin’s head filled with images of them cuddled together in front of the fire with their rainwater soaked socks pointed at the fire, playfully bumping into one another. Maybe Sam would rest his head on Kevin’s lap and Kevin could pet that beautiful hair as he watched Sam drift off to get some well-deserved rest. Or maybe Sam would lean up before he fell asleep, for a warm, chocolate flavored kiss. Kevin blushed deeply and looked up at Sam who was still staring down at him, practically beaming with his innocent, gentle smile.
“Uh-huh, and Dean's is...?”
“If you have any questions, anyone from my family would be happy to answer them Doctor,” Sam said genuinely and The Doctor nodded, “Thank you Sam, I will be sure to call on them.”
Triggers/Extra stuff:
“What?” Sam asked, not hearing him and Kevin looked up at him, “Don’t go. You’ll die.”
Sam looked him over and thought about it. With Castiel taking care of Kevin, and Jack still healing from the gunshot, that only left Claire to go on runs, hunt, and cook by herself. The family would really need him around to help, and to be fair, Dean was more than capable of taking care of himself. If anything, going to visit would probably just piss Dean off. Still, he couldn’t help but feel worried about his brother. He wished he had been there to meet the group with them, maybe he could have helped them make a better deal, or at least if he had met them he would have a better idea of whether or not they were really trustworthy. Still, he hadn’t been there and that couldn’t be changed now. If both Dean and Castiel thought this group could be trusted, then he had to believe in them and support them.
“We got it, mom,” Dean said and Mary smiled at him, “You had better.” With that she opened the door just wide enough for John to look out. When he was sure it was clear, he headed out and the others followed one at a time. On his way out Jamie nodded to Kevin, Ben saluted with two fingers and Sam gave him a knowing grin. Kevin stood until the door was shut again and then sank to the floor.
“Because I thought you needed it and...I wanted to.” Dean scoffed in response, unable to look at Cas as he continued, “Things like this are confusing for me. I've never been with anyone, I've never even wanted to be with anyone until now. Dean, I wish to know how you feel about me. Were you just emotionally compromised that day or do you actually...”
Jess was jumping up and down now, waving her flag while Sam sighed in defeat, watching his brother float with his team, though clearly watching Cas. Over the speakers, a victory theme began to play as the announcer finished reeling off top plays, points and mentions of players stats along with predictions for the season. “Come on, let's head back. I bet we're gonna have a big party at my dorm, don't wanna miss anything and you should probably console your brother.”
Kevin nodded as he listened and watched. Next, Mary was handed a small box which she took over to the alter and went down on her knees. She opened the box and pulled out a bowl of something Kevin couldn’t see and placed it in the center space of the alter. “So, as the community leader, she has to offer the tree something that is made in our community. That bowl and the beer in it was all made right here in our community, down to the very last ingredient.” Kevin took pictures and tried to keep mental notes of what Charlie was saying.
“Yeah, like I said, just formality. Have a good trip Dean.”
Sam muttered Gabriel's name over and over along with a mixture of 'more' and 'please' as he was pressed into the counter. Gabriel curled over Sam with one of his hands on the counter for support as the other went to the back of Sam's head, grabbing his hair and roughly tugging on it. Sam cried out in ecstasy, his knees going weak under him as he held onto the counter.
“Perhaps, but I’m not sure how killing someone would lead her to her end goal,” The Doctor responded quietly and Kevin couldn’t help but wonder if he’d missed something. As he began to try and come up with theories as to why Naomi might have had someone killed, Sam and Dean finally joined them with Jo hurrying close behind, unable to keep up with their giant legs. A wave of relief washed over Kevin when he saw them.
“Mother...”
“Not as handy as the TARDIS, although I guess at least these seem easier to steer, eh?”
“A hell of a brother you got.”
Brady looked him over pained, “Sam, I can't just go back to being friends with you. Not after everything.” Sam just stared at him, dumbstruck, and Brady rolled his eyes, “I can't believe this. I really liked you and I thought things were going really good between us. Was I not enough or something?”
“Maybe not for everything, but for some things. May I?”
“I can still try baby.”
“It's some girl on her own, I guess. She tore the crap outta some guys on the highway, but one of 'em survived and came into town to tell the templars about her. They are already hunting for her, but I bet you could beat 'em to her.”
“I’m glad I never had to fall into any particular role just because my parents wanted it. I can’t even imagine what they would think up, but it certainly wouldn’t have been very fun,” Polly added, thinking out loud.
When they left and the crowd had primarily dissipated, only Kevin’s group and Samandriel’s family remained. Amara was still on the ground, holding her stomach and repeating ‘my baby’ in between sobs as Chuck held her. Hannah was on the ground trying to take her aunt’s hand only to be repeatedly swatted away while Balthazar stood to the side awkwardly.
“Pass me some more rosemary will you?”
, after all. Don’t wanna keep him waiting,” Dean teased, trying to shake off his nerves.
“That's what I thought, we need to go to your place then. Kevin isn't doing so good.”
“Yes, but he doesn't know that does he?”
“It would make sense though, I mean in there it's just templars and mages, not nobles and poor people or elves and humans. Things have to be simpler in there don't they?”
Sam grinned, “Me neither,” he said as he bent his head down a bit to give him Eskimo kisses.
“Wow, well, nice work, mate.”
“There are some famous mortalitasi dragon hunters in Nevarra.” Hannah pointed out.
“Well, Pol said the wait for the showers is gettin’ pretty crazy, so she’s thinking about going to the hot springs. You in?”
Benny laughed, “Oh, I’m sure it did, come on up. Nice and slow, now.” Dean and Castiel made their way up the hatch to see around 10 people aiming guns at them, two of them were carrying Dean and Castiel’s guns.
When Dean moved into the sitting area, he saw all kinds of interesting decorations on the walls; there were pirate hats, seashells, and trophy fish mounted on plaques, but the one thing that caught his eye the most was a sword hanging above the door leading outside. It looked like a replica of something from a movie or a video game, but he pulled it off the wall anyway. It wasn’t sharp, but that didn’t mean it couldn’t be, it felt sturdy enough for use. He gave it a few experimental swings, grinning like an idiot, “En garde, walker scum.” He slashed at invisible enemies and swung around, sweeping the sword against the air.
The boys rest and plan for Denerim.
Dean shook his head, nuzzling into Cas's neck. “Don't go, everyone always goes.”
“She what? Seriously? But The Chantry is clear about that-”
Kevin’s mind was still sluggish from the hang-over, but he was already tossing together theories as to what was going on with Jamie. In the end, however, he concluded that he didn’t know the group well enough to assume anything for sure. Still, he felt Jamie’s absence as they headed to the hot spring without him.
“You could say that,” Dean grinned to himself as he continued stirring the contents he meant to fix as a homemade sauce for their steaks.
“But if I'm being objective about it, it's impressive. That's all I'm saying.”
“Yeah and if that happens you make sure those bastards go down for it.”
“I will be,” Kevin said honestly. No matter how much it hurt, Kevin knew he’d be ok in the end because he always was and because he had to be.
****  Redcliff****
“We’ll probably have to wait for tomorrow, the hunters are going to need to rest first,” Polly added and the Doctor nodded, “Yes, excellent point. I believe Mary and I will need to make some arrangements as well. I had best go do that, here Jamie, hold onto these will you?”
Expect a fair amount of Destiel and Sam/Jess this chapter with mentions of Sam/Brady.
“Lady, I already have plenty of freedom.”
“No problem-o, I’m on it. So, basically, they are starting by asking the tree to give its blessing to their household and to the current heir of the family, Dean and his wedding. They are showing that he is bound and loyal to the tree and his family through the hand-tying. Mary, as the community leader and as the current head of the Campbell tree basically has to double her work here, by beseeching the tree as both roles.”
“Hey newbie, looks like you found the dining hall, someone deserves a cookie,” the girl who had helped him the other day said with a patronizing voice.
“Yeah, he's already tried to get me to con you into it.”
Dean knew the rage in his eyes, he knew what was coming. He tried to push Cas off and behind him as they stumbled off the couch, but John dropped the case and was on them immediately. He shoved Dean out of the way, knocking him to the ground, and jumped on Castiel. John wailed on the boy, punching him in the face repeatedly while Cas choked on his own blood, his hands trying to block the hits. Dean managed to stumble back up and jump on his father’s back, pulling him off, only to get thrown back onto the sofa where John moved to beat on him next.
Sam laughed, “Or maybe we can at least get rooms next to each other. Do you think they do requests?”
“Yeah, that's great, but when are you gonna step it up?”
“Yeah, dogs are loyal. Get the hell out of here.”
“You won’t be able to get a shower any other way before the tour, mate. You sure?” Kevin debated the choices in his head and eventually Ben just rolled his eyes, “Come on, you’ll feel a lot better. Let’s go,” Ben pulled Kevin up.
So, I'm getting busy again, but I'll update when I can~
“I just wanted to say thank you, I haven't said it yet, for anything you've done...and I wanted to.”
“No- usually,” Jamie said with a grin and Polly looked at him with worry, making him instantly retract his statement. “I’m just kidding, he’s probably fine.”
thing right? How could he let things get this bad? Just yesterday Sam trusted him and cared about him and now just being near the man made him sound like
“Nope, not meant to hurt baby.”
Jody fired a few shots as she ran, and the boys quickly pulled their own pistols out, following in suit. They each took down a few, but for every walker that fell, three more seemed to come from the mill, tripping and pushing their way down the stairs and out into the fields.
“Well that's that. Enjoy the food, your teachers will take you to the dorms after dinner and explain the basics. Dig in!” Everyone cheered and instantly dove into the food. There was everything from turkey covered in gravy, fresh grilled steaks and burgers to mashed potatoes with garlic butter, salad with bacon and croutons and various kinds of pies and cookies.
“I moved out here to get away from everything and everyone…just…to try and get myself under control. Honestly, I was a mess. I just, watched TV, sat around in a blanket, trying to block everything out. I was only here about a couple of weeks before I got the news that one of my friends got blown up and…his uh…his wife didn’t take it well, she ended up in the hospital after she tried to kill herself. His two kids needed a guardian and it turned out that he had named me their godfather…so they shipped Claire and Jack over to me.”
“Sammy, I do understand that, I always understood that. There was never a doubt in my mind that what happened was an accident.”
Cas looked up into Dean's eyes and smiled, “I love you, as well.” They moved together and lost themselves in a kiss, holding each other tightly.
Dean nearly choked on his rose, “No way, that's amazing. Who dared her to do that?”
Gavin smiled as Benny shook on it with Fergus.
Pretty much all Destiel with little bits of Sam/Brady long distance.
“Is that where your people are?”
Sam followed Dean around the basement as he looked at the pile of guns on each table, “Dean, you barely know how to shoot.”
Dean grunted and bit his lip hard as he moved one of his legs from Gordon’s side and slammed his knee up into his crotch. Gordon winced and released Dean’s ear. Taking the opening, Dean headbutted him hard enough to knock his head back against the ground and while Gordon was dazed and unfocused, Dean swiftly maneuvered him around to pin him properly.
“Same here, Ash. There uh, there is one thing I was hoping you might do for me.”
“Dean they all hurt us when they manipulate us. Even when they are trying to be kind, their magic interferes with nature. It's addicting. Think about all those people relying on their magic after the earthquake, wanting to forget about their loses. Is that any better than drowning themselves in alcohol or drugs? They aren't facing reality, they are just dulling the pain and ignoring it.” Dean couldn't help but imagine Sam who spent nearly everyday at Gabriel's Hideaway soaking in the magic, unable to sleep or function without it.
Sam smiled and looked at the large spread of food before glancing back at her, “Lady Tran, there is one thing I was hoping to ask you before Kevin gets here.”
They went awkwardly quiet again for a moment; there were so many things to sort out and so many things to say, but neither seemed to know how to start. Dean supposed he had to start simple and build up to the big stuff. As nervous and filled with self-doubt as he was, he knew he needed to talk to Cas, whether he felt up to it or not. He slowly let his eyes lift up to look at Castiel, “Cas, do you still want us to go? Benny said we could stay here, but-”
“Hey!” Dean shouted from the doorway.
“This isn’t about revenge! This is about helping all of you idiots realize what the real world is like. Back at that factory, we had a job to do, if we had all just gone in and done it right, no holding back, no pussyfooting around like scared little rabbits, Cole wouldn’t be dead.”
Sam gave an airy laugh.
“Dean, maybe…maybe there were complications, maybe it’s time we consider pulling him back?”
“Hey, I'll get it, you can just sit right there baby brother.” Anna said with a grin.
“For one? I would think covering your apartment with pictures of all those people you are never going to see again isn’t helping. You need to take the pictures down, go out and meet new people here: people who you can actually talk to and spend time with. If you want I can ask around, maybe get you set up on a blind date or something?”
“Yeah, but that's because they are forcing it. This one clearly has unexplored territory.” Gabriel insisted.
Castiel’s eyes seemed to cloud over and Jack looked over at him with worry. Castiel didn’t say anything, but he was clearly heartbroken. Sam wished he could say anything else, but everyone deserved to know the truth about their family. Sam would give just about anything to know if their dad was alive or not, if for no other reason than to just finally know.
“Sam, hey. What are you doing sleeping here?” Brady knelt down so he was level with Sam and Sam finally woke up completely and he felt a nervous fluttering fill his chest as he looked at Brady for the first time in months, their faces only inches apart.
Benny pulled the truck up and hopped out, with Dean close behind him. From their own trucks, several others joined them. Benny gave a polite smile looking his people over, “Alright, it’s just like we talked about, Garth, Ash, Meg, and Donna, you four are gonna be putting together some traps to block off the road right up here, a few feet in front of the trucks. I want several layers going of spikes, traps, a barricade, whatever you can manage, and Ash, use the terrain alright? Its our best damn weapon out here.”
Amara fell to her knees and screamed and Chuck quickly went to her side, pulling her into a hug. Dean tried to pull Castiel close, but Castiel pushed him off, “I want to see him, cousin, please. Whatever did this, I will find it and it will die, I swear it,” his dark voice rumbled.
Sam looked over curiously as Castiel turned bright red. “Of course he is, next question.” Balthazar said waving at her.
“Anna, what happened?”
“Yes.”
“Since when are you racist?”
As humanity stepped out to conquer the galaxy, its first ‘second home-world’ was suitably named: New Earth. Naturally, as this clever species spread itself among the stars, it continued its long tradition of creativity by labeling its first several colony worlds Earth 2.1, Earth 2.2 and so on, until inevitably reaching Earth 2.8 which became the home the Androzani so desperately needed.
Castiel set her on the ground and lowered to her level, keeping his hands on her shoulders in case she tried to run.
“Now, you make sure Kevin drinks that stuff with the catsbane, it works as an antidote. He's probably all good now, but a little extra cleaning out won't hurt him none. Same goes for you two, you were all fighting those spiders, might as well.” Benny said as he served them.
“The pizza man.”
“If you leave The Chantry, how will you get lyrium?”
He couldn't do this. He felt like he was dying. His throat was so dry it felt like it would flake off into his stomach, but at least then maybe the hunger would subside. His head was swimming with all kinds of violent, paranoid, disjointed, and lonely thoughts. He needed his fix, he needed it. It didn't matter how he had to get it. He needed it. Crowley must have had a surplus in his office, after all, he didn't adjust the lyrium order just for punishments, he probably kept the extras for emergencies. If he could just sneak in there, he could get some. No one would have to know.
“Yeah, well, running on little food or sleep, waking up to a filthy place with crazy people being loud everywhere...doesn't really sound like your thing.”
“No I understand, you're frustrated, believe me. I tried everything to keep my girl, even when I lost her father, I kept fighting. I went to speak to everyone, I begged, I tried to gather strength by gathering others who had been through similar situations, I fought, I even tried to run once, and that got me solitary for my last trimester. Nothing worked, they have us right where they want us, and they know it. I don't know what it's going to take, but things will change Castiel, mark my words they will, but it's not going to be through talks, not at first. Something is gonna change, maybe it'll be society, or culture, maybe war, maybe things will just get so bad that someone does something stupid and the weights finally tip the scale, or maybe we'll get so stable that people can start thinking about making the world better instead of just trying to keep it going. I don't know what, but something will happen and you can't force it, no matter how much you want to. The best you can do is try to make the world around you better, take care of the others in the tower, help educate the younger mages, inspire change by inspiring understanding and by being an example of what mages can be. You understand?”
“Me too,” Kevin added.
Dean looked at him, “Would it actually make a difference?”
Castiel smiled and the two looked at each other for a moment, a habit they were slowly falling into, until they heard footsteps approaching. Castiel looked around quickly and slipped away without a word, Dean gave him time to separate himself and then started walking the other way, back along his guard route, passing another templar as he did so.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Fuck off, look, the point is, even if there were no walkers and no south side, even if we were fucking white collar business dudes in the suburbs, the truth is, we could still drop dead at any time.” Castiel narrowed his eyes, trying to figure out where Dean was going with this and Dean sighed and started over, “Fuck, I suck at this. Let me start over. I mean, things have been shitty for both of us pretty much on and off throughout our whole lives, and I’m seriously a pretty awful person and you should probably just kick me to the curb, but before you do, in case I do drop dead…I want you to know, I’m sorry for everything. You were honestly, one of the best parts of my life and I…fucked it all up.”
“You still up for poker tomorrow night, Bobby?” John asked, clutching his friend’s shoulder and giving it a friendly shake.
“No, but I read.”
“He hasn’t changed much, has he?” Castiel asked with a sigh.
Dean nodded, “Yeah, well, I gotta try.” Castiel smiled at him and then continued down the hallway again with Dean quickly moving to his side.
Sam nodded, “Ok. I get it...it just sucks. It was nice to see you so happy and...settled, for once.”
“I suppose I can see that. I’m sure being away from your father has had a hand in it.”
Fuck, but how the hell did he even start? There was too much to say. Too much he felt. But if Cas really loved him back, then, it would be ok if he sorta stumbled through it, right? Cas deserved to hear it. All of it. Even if it came out a mess. At least, it would be an honest mess. He steeled himself as if going into battle, “Cas-“
Cas knew he couldn't say goodbye to anyone outright, but he could at least have a last moment with everyone he cared about. He spent time chatting with his favorite professors, Ellen and Bobby, then spent some time with Hannah and Samandriel, listening to their latest research ideas and encouraging them while subtly making sure they were both alright and not having any problems with harassment.
“From?”
Dean could already see where this was going, he glanced back at Castiel and noticed that Castiel was starting to breath a bit heavy and his eyes were darting around nervously.
“Fine…it’s me you want, right? You said this is all my fault for making them weak…then go ahead, let’s end this,” Benny offered, his eyes back on Andrea, hoping to see any sign of her still in there, at least one last time, but she didn’t move. Her remaining eye simply stared out into space, unfocused and unresponsive.
Jack beamed proudly, then his gaze shifted to somewhere in the distance, his eyes going wide, “Dad!” he ran past Dean and pulled Cas into his arms. “I missed you!”
“Look, you want revenge, you got it, but this is done-” Benny started, but Gordon quickly cut him off.
“I’ll go too. We cannae just sit here,” Jamie said jumping up, tossing the blanket down as he did so, leaving Kevin’s right side cold and empty. Dean looked at Jamie gratefully.
“It's alright, I could tell you were in pain. Doesn't it bother you? Letting them have so much control over you? Knowing that they are slowly poisoning you?”
"Dean, there has to be another way, are you sure-" Sam started, but the almost feral look his brother gave him was clear enough.
Castiel finds it harder to change things than he thought. Sam begins to allow his brother back into his life. Dean begins to get the flow of circle life.
Kevin tried to follow what Polly was doing, but it took a few tries to actually make anything that didn’t look like something a particularly unartistic child would make. Still, at least he was doing better than Jamie.
“I'm so sorry Jess....” he said as he let Meg pull him back into the truck.
“Says the man who apparently brought an assault rifle when following my daughter into the woods.”
“Now that sounds like a fucking party, brother,” Benny said, still chuckling.
“Ah yes, about that. Polly you’ll have to finish it for me.”
“I will mom, I promise.” She pulled him into another fierce hug, “I'm so proud of you, now you get out of here. I need to get back home before they come looking for you. I'll come visit when I can.” She kissed his forehead and let him go.
“You little harlot!” Balthazar teased and pulled Castiel onto his lap. “I can't believe it wasn't me, I will never get over it. I promise you my dying words will be, why not me?”
“Ok, so, we have a plan then, basically?” Kevin asked and Sam looked to his brother, “What about Cas?”
Castiel followed his gaze and when he saw it, he stepped back as well. In the corner of the room was an iron cage that ran from the floor to the low ceiling. Inside, were several walkers, moaning and bumping around. The closer Castiel looked, the more familiar they seemed, “Those…those are the people from the other day.”
“Ugh can we move on from this? I am TRYING to make sure my little brother is ok here.”
Meg put her hands up in a mocking shrug.
“What, Cas?”
Dean nodded, swallowing hard as Cas gave his length a long stroke.
“Cunning is a synonym of clever, just with a more negative tone.”
Dean paused, unable to look back at his brother, "I'll do whatever I have to, Sam. I can't...I need him."
Dean had fortunately gotten through the hang over he had the night before, but right from the beginning of the next day he woke up hungry, cold and empty. He stared at his feet as he sat on his bed, willing them to move, to get him up, but nothing felt worth anything. On lyrium he practically walked in The Maker's light, connected to everything and everyone and now he just felt detached and pointless. His holy justice was a joke, his existence was a joke. No wonder his father left him. Mary and Sam were the only ones worth anything to him. Dean could do whatever he was told and fall in line, but that never made his father love him and then he put that horrible feeling of abandonment on Sam. How could he do that? Dean put his face in his hands. He heard people outside, heading to the dining hall. All he wanted to do was curl back in bed, so he did.
“Ah, I see. That sounds like a rather dangerous task. I may owe you, but even still I wouldn’t be able to convince my men to join in such a dangerous venture without something else on the table…what do you have to offer to placate their very understandable concerns?”
Cas looked at Sam, putting his book down, “You two seem to be doing much better.”
“If we can get to a communication system, I can ask for another community to bring a shuttle,” Jess offered, “Might wanna hurry though. Getting kinda light headed here.”
“Whatever works bro. Just do it so you can stop pining and pay attention. The guild needs our healer.”
“Yup.”
“Oh? Is that so?” Cas looked at him, narrowing his eyebrows, and staring him down with his face inches from Dean’s. Dean seemed to go pink and laugh-cough as he looked away, “Well, OK, not…all the time, I guess.”
“Yeah, of course she does. She loves you.”
“Yeah, Cas got hurt at work last night. I'm taking care of him.” He went through the fridge and found what he needed to cook up some Eggs Benedict.
“Yeah, ok.” Dean nodded and stopped to open his bag. He pulled out his lyrium kit, he already had a small vile prepared, it should be enough of a boost to get him back to Redcliff. He opened the vile with stiff, cold hands and managed to shoot the lyrium down at once. He felt the electric blooms spread through his body: the power and the feeling of interconnection filled him and it was like he could breath again, like he was whole again. He let himself feel it for a moment and then ran to catch up with the others.
Sam mindlessly followed the two as they chatted about whatever rune problem Samandriel was having, and every step felt harder than the last. He was so close, all he needed to do was just lean in and-
Cas filled his hands with healing magic and ran his hand up Dean's back before slipping under his hand to cover his neck. Dean relaxed under the touch and let the magic press its way into his muscles.
“Cas?” Dean was instantly awake, sitting up, “What is it?”
Benny smiled, “Andrea did that for me too. She gave up everything to be with me…and I gave up everything to be with her…that’s why we moved out here: for a fresh start. No smuggling, no crew to interfere, no expectations, just us out here, trying to be a family. Those years where it was just me and her, those were the best years of my life…”
“He was going to the alienage. He was sure you had something to do with the fire. I'll bet you anything that's where he is.” Sam suggested.
“That seems fair. We do barely fit on the one we have now.”
“Hannah, you aren’t head of the family yet, I don’t need you scolding me. Besides, you know you feel the same way.”
“So, that's it basically. My brother and his boyfriend got caught messing around and they were gonna ship the kid off, so we decided to bail. His mom is a highborn lady though, she's gonna meet us in Denerim and hook us up, probably get us out of Ferelden. So, really all we need is to get the kid awake and then hitch a ride to Denerim, then we're golden.”
“On it,” Claire set down her rifle and picked up Sally’s legs while Castiel took her shoulders. They moved her to the edge of the boat and then used some rope to lower her gently to the dock before following her down to take her to the truck while Sam, Dean, and Jack looked for supplies.
“Maker no.” Kevin said with an airy laugh, “I'd rather use it to clean off.”
Kevin looked at his plate, grateful that there didn’t seem to be any mire beast. There was some sort of bird meat, roasted and seasoned with salt and pepper, just like Charlie had warned. It came with a nice spicy honey sauce though, so the bland seasoning was fine. Alongside that, there was a pile of boiled vegetables, buttery garlic toast, and a pile of cheesy mashed potatoes.
Dean started to hum rapidly and whisper lyrics to some song Kevin didn’t know. “Not this again, you want a beer, son, will that help?” John offered, but Dean shook his head frantically and kept humming.
“What the? No way...she didn't....”
“I didn’t really know him. Went to school with his little sister Hannah though. She was an interesting one: class president, did charities, straight A’s, then all of a sudden knocked up at 15.”
Dean and Gordon grappled on the cold, blood-splattered, cement floor, each trying urgently to get the upper hand as they tangled and rolled together, pulling, shoving, scratching, and kicking each other for control. In the midst of the struggle, Dean suddenly felt Gordon bite his ear, tearing hard as if to rip it from his head.
Cas smiled taking the water, but his eyes went back to the staircase. “Dean, did I tell you that after the earthquake, Gabriel set up a schedule so that someone in the family is constantly using their soothing aura at the cafe? Many people who...experienced trauma or loss during the earthquake have thus been frequenting the cafe for comfort.”
“Ah right. It's the aftertaste isn't it? It is pretty bad. Want to hit Benny's instead then?”
“You ain't gonna do anything.”
“Nice to see you too, Frank,” Ash said with a sarcastic smile.
He kept his head down and hunched to be somewhat closer to the other man in height. The voices of the guards got louder as he approached.
“Well aren’t you just the damn sweetest. Thanks kid.” Dean rolled his eyes and he opened up the trunk, “Good call on this one Sammy, real helpful.” The girl watched as he lifted another hidden department in the trunk to reveal a hoard of weapons.
“Yeah, I guess Anna warned you?”
“That is the mire colossus. They say, a long time ago, when this place was still called Aridius, a Dalek attack disturbed the mire beasts, including their leader, the mire colossus. The legend goes that the mire beasts fought the Daleks, and it was only when they were defeated and the colossus destroyed, that the Daleks were able to kill the Aridians.”
Dean bit his bottom lip and remained quiet as Samuel finally got up. “Come on, son.”
Castiel peaked over the edge of his bed down at Sam, “You are not a murderer. It was an accident. Demons are tricky, even adults are fooled by them, it's why mages have to be trained so well, because we are always at risk. You were a victim, Sam, just like your mother.”
“Yup.” Dean finished the bread and water quickly, put the jug back on the counter and headed to the stairs.
“Yes Ben, I believe it’s time for us to move on.”
“Perhaps it would make more sense if we helped each other? That girl you mentioned, Jo, what was her mother's name?”
“Alright. Let’s do it.”
“I uhh, I’m from Spokane, originally. I was in high school when it all happened, advanced placement.” Castiel smiled at the flash of pride on Kevin’s face, “It was just me and my mom. We held up for as long as we could, but we knew we had to get out of the city. We headed down this way, and heard about a camp in Lewiston from some randoms we ran into in Moscow. They told us that people were holding up at the bullet factory and setting up some big trading thing along the river. We figured we’d check it out. It was nice, as far as post-apocalyptic camps go. Pretty red-neck military, but safe enough. My mom didn’t like it though, she knew places like that wouldn’t last…said they didn’t care about the people enough. Her parents were-” Kevin coughed deeply several times, holding a hand to his chest as the coughs hit him like rapid punches along his rib cage. Castiel quickly took the tray off his lap to keep the soup from spilling until Kevin regained control of himself again.
“Hey brother, the usual?”
Kevin instantly felt heat spread through his body; Sam was even more beautiful than he remembered and his warmth felt so perfect in his arms, he wasn’t sure what he did to deserve this, but he was immediately overcome with love and fear. Something in the back of his mind kept whispering that he must still be asleep.
There, sitting at the table, with a book in his hand, was Cas, looking up stunned. “Dean?”
“Leave the circle? And do what? Entertain the nobility with my fire spells and 10 silk scarf dance? Oh! Or go to Tevinter and become a blood mage only to be enslaved for being an elf? I could hide in caves like a witch of the wilds and steal children, perhaps? Maybe join the Dalish and become the keeper of a clan and live off rodents? No, thank you Cassie, I'm perfectly fine here. It's not so bad.”
Charlie ran past Kevin and went up to the Doctor with a large box, “Doctor? Hi, I don’t know if this will help, but these are some samples of all the herbs I grow in the greenhouse. I have some moss and other forest plants in there too. Some of them have healing properties. I figured this is the kind of stuff they might not keep in the lab. I don’t know if it’ll help your antidote, but just in case, right?” Charlie said handing over a large pack.
“That I can do.”
Suddenly, Benny fell to the ground. The group stopped and looked back in time to see a large branch stab down with incredible force. “Benny!” Dean shouted and Kevin shut his eyes.
“I’m going as fast as I can!” She insisted and continued crawling. Kevin bit his lip tightly, holding his breath as they crawled. A shot was fired and the sound of the blast pulsed through the vent making Kevin’s ears ring, but he continued to move forward.
Sam rolled his eyes, “Anyway, this is great. Seriously, you should talk to her....she could be the one, man.”
“I don't care. I just want you. You have no idea how long I've been wanting this.”
“I know, I did! I mean, I got everyone out of there. The angels and all the lost souls, they’re all free!” Dean’s brow knit together, and Jack continued, “All the people from the alternate worlds, their entire universes, their heavens and hells were gone too. I found out that the empty is where souls go when they get lost. All those people didn’t belong in our hell or heaven, so they ended up there. As for the Angels…they weren’t exactly meant to die. No wonder they didn’t have a proper afterlife ready and waiting for them.”
“That sounds nice.”
“Dude, what the hell?!” Sam demanded, pulling the small wool blanket over him and Kevin more.
Even though the story would no doubt give his career a massive boost, and get him the raise and attention he’d been after, Kevin couldn’t bring himself to do it. Instead, he published the wedding piece. The article described wedding ceremonies on Earth 2.8 and shared Dean and Castiel’s story with the world.
Despite being the safe route, it was exactly the type of story the movie label had wanted. The success of the article with the client, and  the increase in sales that week, made Kevin’s boss particularly happy with him, and Kevin managed to get his raise after all; though it was probably not as much as he could have potentially had with the other story.
“Isn’t that where Ben went with Anna?” Polly asked Jamie and Jamie nodded, “Aye, I think so.”
“I don't...I don't know, but I can't leave him alone in there, Benny. I can't.”
“Huh? Oh, sure thing duchess,” Ben added, nodding his head and crossing his arms. Kevin couldn’t help but smirk at them before looking back to the cottage. The place smelled like so many things he had never scented outside of candles and artificial air adjusters. It smelled like cardamom, cinnamon, apples, pastry, roasted meat, and fire. It was welcoming and warm and Kevin felt himself drawn to it to the point he completely blanked out Anna’s reassurances to Jamie about the safety of the Inn.
Sam meets an old friend and gets some advice. Dean and Cas come home from France.
It was the stress, he knew it. It was Sam's rejection and leaving Benny and Ash. It was the reality of what he did to Anna. It was being somewhere new and forcing himself to keep a new lifestyle. All of it was making his body scream for lyrium, that's why he was needing more and more, that's why he hit a low he'd never even gone near before. It wasn't his tolerance. It couldn't be. Not yet.
Castiel’s brows raised and he went back to the living room to see Kevin holding a cello and Jack holding a violin, their cases hastily discarded on the floor. Castiel’s confused face was clearly enough to convey his feelings because Sam explained without prompting, “Last night after dinner when you passed out on the couch for a bit, Kevin was telling us about how he used to play, and I thought I’d take a look around. Turns out music stores haven’t really been looted that much. Go figure, right? Oh, I got Claire a guitar too, and I picked up all the books of music I could find for them.”
“My dorm is on fire.”
“It's ok, my father is an auror and he's investigating a case so me and my brother are staying here for the holidays.”
To Dean, family meant everything, not to mention that he hated change and was inept at dealing with his feelings; putting those personality traits together meant that Dean was going to have an extra hard time coping and Sam couldn't just abandon his brother to deal with everything alone. After the situation with Lisa, Dean stopped going out after work. He came home, made dinner, worked out for a bit and then drank while playing video games online with his friends. While Sam wasn't sure if that was a sign that things were getting better or worse, Dean started getting promoted pretty rapidly at work and that itself was worth celebration. Seeing his brother's success made Sam feel comfortable enough to leave his brother alone for a couple semesters. At least, he was sure Dean wasn't going to do anything stupid or self destructive.
“I'm telling you, he could totally take a dragon. This guy is insanely big, his arms are practically the size of Samandriel's head.” Gabriel said, ruffling Samandriel's hair as the boy tried to push him off playfully.
Cas finally looked back at him and suddenly it was too much. Dean took a breath and turned away. “Cas, every time I lose you…everything just…stops. It’s like, I go through the paces, but none if really...matters.”
“You have to braid them like this, they are decorations to put on the family trees.” Polly held out one of the finished ribbon decorations, it looked like some kind of flower made of green and blue ribbons.
Dean turned to see the view now that he was done shaking, “Yeah. I get why this room is super high level VIP...when no one else is in here, it's really nice.”
Through their conversation, Kevin heard about how after New Earth learned about the trees and prosperity on Earth 2.8, they began funding the planet again, as they did every colony, and that the hot springs were created as a way to save resources, money and space. Apparently, most houses didn’t even have showers. It also kept the community healthy, tight knit, and comfortable. Kevin wondered how the people of New Earth would react to having a hot spring. He couldn’t help but imagine that most people would be sneaking sex in it and inevitably that line of thought led him back to Sam. Did Sam come here too? Or did he use the showers at the Inn.
“And how am I gonna do that?”
The whole operation was messy and south-side quality, but it was enough to get the job done. By the end of it, Jack was given some pain killers and put in bed. Claire and Dean sat on the porch, waiting and watching to see if anyone followed them. Meanwhile, Castiel and Sam cleaned up the kitchen, trying to sanitize the area the best they could.
Castiel moved in closer, wrapping his arms gently around Dean’s neck, “Good point,” he pulled Dean down into a kiss. Dean hummed into it and gently pulled Cas with him through the cabin towards their bedroom. They stumbled over each other’s feet as they went, both laughing into the kiss each time they crashed into a wall.
The next few days, Castiel struggled to move forward with his work, rushing from one person to another to get their stories before another fire 'accident' could occur.
“Shouldn't you be heading home, Winchester?”
It was a fantasy story that began when a woman’s ship crash landed on Earth 2.8 due to some unexplained mechanical failure. After months of no contact and no help from the authorities, her husband went out on a quest to find her. He sold everything they had to get a ship, and then he followed along the same route that led to her crash, learning more about her secret life as a smuggler along the way. By the time he got to Earth 2.8, he found out that she has been taken by the mire colossus, a terrible beast that has been haunting their forests for hundreds of years. The man then trained with the people of the planet for a time and then went off into the forest alone, for some reason, to find his wife. Of course, he battled the mire colossus and won, but the big twist ending was that she had been turned into the mire beast by some forest fairies. Unable to forgive himself for killing his wife, he kills himself in a scene Kevin could only describe as a hyperbole of romantic tragedy. At the end, the people of Earth 2.8 built statues to the lovers in the spot where they died and thus they ‘lived forever after in the eternal shade,’ hence the title of the movie.
“Yeah, really, but you might not wanna tell him that; he seems like the type to get a big head.”
“Well, uhm, want a copy of my book?” Chuck said after clearly trying to desperately find another topic.
“Right, thanks.” Dean grinned and headed to the third section and knocked on one of the doors. A thin, tall, pale boy with an almost aggressively happy smile opened the door.
“As a sailor shouldn’t you be use to that?” Polly teased and Ben sighed in surrender. Kevin still wasn’t sure what was going on between them, but Ben looked just as confused as Kevin felt.
“She went rogue though,” Kevin added and Polly shrugged, “If they had an underground lab built, who knows what else they’ve got hidden around.”
“Hey Cas.”
“So, now each family will offer something to show what their family provides for the community. Usually the fathers would do this, but well, complications right? Anyway, Sam and Anna are going to basically tell the tree that both families are in support of the marriage and ask for the couple to be blessed. Yada yada yada, Castiel and Dean are faithful, they love each other, that kinda stuff.”
Ben looked her over for a moment, Kevin had to admit Anna looked beautiful with her hair up and a dark blue, handmade, cotton dress, “Peace offering, huh? Alright, maybe one dance.”
“Cas, have I told you recently how awesome you are?” Dean asked with a quickening breath as Cas bent down to mouth over the fabric.
Benny laughed, clearly remembering the horrible stench of puberty as Dean continued, “Anyway, no way the family was gonna have money to get the power back on for a while…so I decided to help out. They were nice enough to let me crash for free after all. So, I figured, the fastest way to get the money would be to steal a car.”
****On the Boat****
“No, save the bullets. The sound of that thing might echo through the hills and attract the herd on the other side of the river…might bring them back down south and that is not a risk we can take. Gordon got himself in this mess, he sacrificed Cole for his games, we all know what he’s like. We’re leaving. We’ll come back tomorrow and see what the situation is. If it comes down to it, we can take them out, but we are gonna do it quietly. We can’t lose anyone else.” Everyone exchanged nervous glances, but finally seemed to be on board.
“So, was that his role then?” Jamie asked curiously, stirring the pot again.
“Cas, no matter what happens later, we’ll help you while we’re here. Hell, I’ve been sitting here all night thinking about what we were gonna do about those assholes anyway. You make a plan and I’m there.”
“You giving me bad ideas, Cas?”
“The community should be doing this then,” Ben complained. “They are,” Polly replied shortly. Ben looked up like he wanted to say something, but he stopped himself and looked back down at the flower of ribbons in his hands.
The people saw their trees as a blessed gift from the gods, a miracle that had given them exactly what they needed when they needed it. From then on, they treasured the Androzani, took care of them, and lived amongst them.
Claire nodded, her eyes wide as she approached him, being careful not to touch him, “Cas, we have to go, just breath ok? Breath and walk with me.” Castiel nodded, still gasping for air as she counted their breathing and matched it to their steps. Sam ran down the street towards the truck while Dean picked Jack up and started running towards the truck, repeating encouragement as he went.
“It might make things easier.”
Dean brushed the excess snow off of himself, “We aren’t going back to the car, Sam. I don’t care what happens, we are getting in that damn cabin.” Sam looked away nervously and eventually found himself focusing on the cottage again.
“Anyway, what’s up?” Charlie asked somewhat settled, but still rubbing her arms.
“Yeah, ok. Now that we got the emotions out of the way, can we all just calm down? I'm fine. Hell, I'm better than fine. I got my brother and I got my...Cas and I got enough lyrium to last me through the night until I get my week's rations tomorrow. The only thing that could make today any better would be a round of wicked grace with my two favorite people,” Dean said suggestively, raising his eyebrows.
“ Yeah that should do it. The entrance is right over there, over that little bridge. Shouldn't be guarded or anything. If they ask, tell them you went out to gather elfroot for a sick cousin or something.” Benny said as he motioned around to the fresh elfroot growing amongst the grass.
“Do mire beasts usually come close to the community?”
“You don't have to do anything, Cas. You being here is enough.”
“Time…is like a river made up of the events which happen, and a violent stream, ugh, fuck, Dean…” Castiel panted for air as he ran a hand through his hair, trying to regain his focus as his body began to pulse with need.
Dean nodded, “Yeah, I may or may not have left Sam with a hell of a mess to clean up…”
Polly held Jamie’s chest down while Kevin held Jamie’s legs. The thick, coppery smell of blood filled Kevin's nose and he struggled not to gag. The Doctor opened Jamie’s armored shirt and looked around at the wound, poking at it with a long, thin, metal tool. Jamie screamed and thrashed, blood spurting from his mouth. “Oh dear, this is much worse than I thought,” The Doctor said sadly.
Soon he caught glimpses of moving shadows in the trees as the low whistles crawled closer. “ACH!” Jamie’s voice called out. Kevin ran in that direction, along with Dean while John covered them. As they pushed through the trees, Jamie screamed again, “Creag an Tuire!” The shout was followed by the sound of struggle. They broke through another thick area, pushing firs from their path and found Jamie on the ground, tangled in the tentacles of a large white octopus like creature. Jamie was stabbing at it with his dirk, but the mire beast seemed to hardly notice. Dean rushed forward and whistled loud, catching the mire beast’s attention, making it loosen its grip on Jamie.
After they were done eating, the lodge quickly emptied out as most people headed off in groups to go on runs, check the barricades, or man their posts. Kevin offered to help the clean up crew when he realized that Meg, Oskar, and Andrea were more or less unable to really help out that much.
“Hm? You want something angel?”
“Nah, but it might be worth asking about.”
Kevin couldn’t help but be a bit jealous of the closeness Charlie and Sam shared. Not only did Sam have his brother, but he had so many other wonderful people he grew up with. The whole community really was just a big family.
Dean looked through the books on the shelf in the living room, there were assorted classics, some anthologies, and a ton of philosophical stuff. When his eyes landed on Slaughterhouse 5 he grinned and snatched it from the stack, plopping himself back on the couch.
“Alright, quiet down 'ye idjits. You can clap for em later.” The tables went quiet, but despite being insulted the majority of students all just gave warm smiles to each other as if to say 'that's our Bobby'. “Ok, introductions and then onto the sorting. You all should know me, I sent you yer damn letters. Behind me, we got our teachers for the year. Ellen, the potions teacher is gonna be the head of Gryffindor as always; Chuck, the transfiguration teacher is heading Ravenclaw; Pamela, the divination teacher will be in charge of Hufflepuff; and Crowley the care of magical creatures teacher is going to be head of Slytherin.” They each stood and gave a quick wave during their introduction as Bobby plowed on ahead, “Other people to know, Rufus, the loudmouth drunk that led you up here is our groundskeeper; Becky is our nurse, hopefully you won't have to go crying to her too often; Zachariah is our astronomy teacher; Metatron there is history; Jody is herbology and I'll be taking care of charms as always. This year, we are introducing a new defense against the dark arts teacher, Professor Azazel.  Give him a warm welcome huh?” The crowd clapped politely as the new teacher gave his wave before sitting back down. “I know it's a lot to take in at once, so don't feel bad if you don't remember everyone right away, for now let's just get the sorting done with so we can all eat huh? Ellen?”
“When I was about 4.”
Chuck seemed to think it over for a moment, but his features were already twisting enough to give away his answer. He was clearly just trying to figure out how to word a polite refusal, but Kevin wasn’t about to give him an easy out- after all some people would say yes purely because they couldn’t figure out how to say no and pictures in a hot spring would definitely sell copies.
“Now, Claire. Go.” She hesitated for a moment, but finally nodded and ran back to the porch, putting her arm under her brother’s shoulder and helping him back inside as his crutch fell, abandoned on the ground.
“Maker, yes. Whatever you want Cas.” Dean said gently as he licked up Cas's ear, pushing his hard cock up against him. Cas smiled and pushed back for a moment before putting a hand on Dean's chest and pushing him away with a teasing grin.
“Too late, already bought it. Do a guy a favor and enjoy it ok?”
“Alright. Uhm, is it true that....you're still a virgin?” Hannah asked with a grin.
“Dean, everybody knew. Well, everybody but you two. It was hilarious at first. Then sad. Then really annoying actually. So, why don’t you get your sorry ass upstairs where it’s not full of passed out drunks and go pray to Cas.”
Sam was shaking as he looked at his hands and saw blood dripping from them. Images of Kevin and Castiel looking at him with fear and hatred burned into the backs of his eyes. But those images were familiar, he had seen them a thousand times in his dreams. It was always the same, they would see him for who he was and walk away. He would chase them, call out to them, grab at their arms, but they would push him away. 'Monster', 'Murderer', 'Freak'. Those words echoed quietly in the wind, just like they did in his dreams.
“Guess so.”
“I thought you just liked them, like I do.”
“Yeah and if we were women we could becomes 'seers' by letting ourselves be possessed on purpose. As male mages, we aren't really going to super appreciated there.”
Dean wasn’t sure what to expect, he had only spoken with Gordon a few times. They had gotten along at first, even gotten drunk together on his second night in camp. They were up late, talking about killing walkers, and their top ten kills, but it quickly became all too obvious what Gordon was like…and it was the type of person Dean was all too familiar with. He had avoided him for the most part after that, and stuck close to more trustworthy, comfortable people like Benny, Jody, and Ash. He hated to admit it, but if he was right about Gordon, he knew that this night was going to end bloody.
“Just stay close, this is our best chance to see what we are up against. There are only two vehicles here, so either their numbers are even less than we thought or most of them are gone for the day. We’ll be in and out, they won’t even notice us.” Castiel took another looked around and then moved quickly towards the corner of the building where the two doors were stacked one on each floor. He ran towards the wall, and used it to jump up and grab the railing of the second story balcony. With one swift movement, he pulled himself up and over it, then went to check the door. As he expected, it was locked, so he pulled out a small pin from his coat pocket and began to pick the lock.
*****Day 10 of 21****
“Both, I guess.”
“Good. I don't want to hurt you.”
There would be time for slow and loving later, Dean wanted round 1 fast and hard. It had been about a week since they had had the place to themselves and Dean was not going to waste a minute of it. In the bedroom, he pulled Cas’ shirt off with a lot of ungraceful yanking that made Cas laugh between sloppy, hurried kisses. Once Dean finally got it off of him, he pulled his own off, then his pants, and threw himself back into Cas’ arms, kissing him deeper this time as one hand went around Cas’ waist, and the other moved gently over his cheek and cupped around his ear, angling his face right where he wanted it.
“You want to kill someone to send some kind of sick message, kill me. I killed two of your group, that was all me. I had no problem leaving your ass behind at the mill either. Guess I got it coming, right? Plus, you said it yourself, Benny likes me, so that’s like bonus points.”
“We live-“Jack started and Claire elbowed him.
“Perfect, that can be tonight's special then. So, Sammy, I've had something I've been wanting to ask you. Just between us, who is the better chef? Me or Dean? Be honest.”
Sam hadn't been worried about Castiel beforehand, but every moment the harrowing went on, the more he worried and soon he was a mess of anxiety. He could barely breath and his stomach was in knots. He held tight to the bracelet he hid under his robe sleeve, hoping it would give his brother strength.
“Ash?!” Polly shouted over the noise as they ran into the room, moving around large control panels and the bases of the massive machines.
“None of your business, Sam. Go back to reading.” Dean started to head upstairs without even looking back at Sam, but Sam ran after him and grabbed his arm.
Castiel smiled and put his hand on Dean’s shoulder as he stood up, “Thank you. Think I’ll go work on those plans then. Yell if you need me.”
“Do you still believe that? The world being what it is now?”
“You can repay me by taking good care of her.” Castiel said and watched as Claire moved to stand beside her father with a frown full of uncertainty and worry. Castiel gave her a gentle smile, “Goodbye Claire, keep your parents safe.”
Jamie smiled a bit shyly, a light pink rising on his cheeks, “Maybe I’ll try when we get home.”
Anna and Samandriel walked with confidence, never even looking down, like the entire forest and ever root and rock was edged into their brains naturally – something Kevin was in awe of after the third time he had to grab Ben in order to keep from falling. The nature enthusiast pointed out every animal they came across and Anna mentioned what they were called and what planet they originated from. The Doctor asked about the trees themselves, as they were sentient, he wanted to know if they moved much, but Anna assured him that they did not move often. Generally, they guided their growth to help the people and the planet or to fit around one another more comfortably.
“Yeah, no worries mate, we’ll get outta this scrape,” Ben added and threw an arm around Kevin.
“Ok, well my dad was a soldier, you probably know that from Sam. He wasn't around a lot when we were little because he was fighting Orlais and hell, that war didn't end for a while. He didn't end up coming back for good until I was 11 and Sam was 7. So, it was usually just me, mom, and Sam. Mom was a true believer. She worshiped The Maker, took us to The Chantry to hear stories from the sisters, and every night before I went to bed she would tell me that Andraste was watching over me. I never questioned it, until....”
“Yeah. But, I guess it’s like you said, people do what they can with what they have,” Sam looked out at Polly and Jamie on the dance floor as they drunkenly moved to the music, laughing and stumbling over one another’s toes. “Want to join them?”
Cas listened as people poured into the tavern downstairs and he shook his head, “I don't like this. We should be going tonight.”
Sam stared at the note for a moment in vicarious embarrassment before putting it aside and taking one of the muffins. Even before he took his first bite he could smell the mix of spices Gabriel had thrown in to liven things up: cardamom, cinnamon, vanilla and maybe a bit of nutmeg? Sam took a bite and tried to narrow it down further like he did when Dean would 'test his knowledge of spices', but despite all the practice, Sam could never seem to get nutmeg right. Part of him wanted to text Gabriel and ask if he was right, but the other part hesitated at the mere thought of contacting him at all. After all, Gabriel had got what he had been after. Sam knew the score, he was just another conquest, but that didn't mean it was a bad thing. They were adults and friends having a good consensual time together; he didn't have to justify it. Still, he couldn't help but wonder if things might change between them. The note seemed like the usual Gabriel, although, one night stands and friends with benefits don't usually make each other breakfast the next morning do they? They aren't usually brother-in-laws either....well probably not. They were family now, that meant they were going to be seeing a lot of each other, so maybe the muffins were just Gabe's idea of common courtesy: something to keep things from getting weird between them. But what if Gabriel did want something more? Sam couldn't help but wonder if he was doing the same thing to Gabriel that he did to Brady by automatically assuming that Gabriel didn't take what they did seriously.
“Dean we are going to miss our flight.” Cas reminded him gently and Dean paled a bit making Sam burst out laughing.
Benny smiled watching them, “Anyway, I'm gonna go down and get to work. You need anything tomorrow write it down and I'll get it. Otherwise, just stay up here and relax. I'll bring some dinner up in a bit.” With that Benny left and the three were left alone.
“Benny might have something that can help. He has a whole garden of herbs, I bet you could make an antidote if we went to his place.”
“Now Jamie, Dean is very busy in there, I don’t think-“ The Doctor began, but Ben cut him off, “Come on Jamie, it’s not that hard, mate, just use your teeth.”
Dean blushed and looked at the fire, “Uh…fuck…yeah…you caught me. We were a thing when we were in high school.”
The mental image sent Dean's heart racing, it was like the lyrium fed off his adrenaline. He could feel his very soul getting hungry, he needed more. His tolerance was raising too quickly, his hands were already starting to feel cold. “I need to stop.”
“Wow, I leave you guys alone for one tiny little vacation and this is what happens, pathetic.” Dean teased and Cole rolled his eyes, “Very funny. So this the boyfriend?” Cole asked and Dean nodded putting his arm around Benny, “The very same. Too bad you didn't find us a bit sooner, would've given you a taste of my homemade lunch. My man here knows how to cook like nobodies business.”
“Don't offer him that, you'll be doing double guard duty for his entire punishment. He clearly has no willpower. Strange though, considering that, we should have had very angry sex by now,” Bela said, thinking out loud, and Dean just slammed his head on the table.
“Cas?!” Dean shouted as he unloaded on the three by the door, killing two while the third ran into the gas station for cover. “Shit, Sam, get the truck, I got Jack, Claire can you help Cas?”
“Really? Great! Well, here, take a copy of the first book,” Chuck said before he started rummaging through his desk, pulling out a book from a heap of papers and handing it to Dean. Dean took the book and looked it over, flipping it to the back to read the summary when Chuck added, “And uh be good to him, OK?”
Then they were loaded onto a wooden platform that rose to take them up to the temporary landing platform where their shuttle was waiting to return them back to New Earth. Kevin finally got up the courage to look back towards the village as they were slowly raised towards the tree line. It looked a lot different now, but not entirely: the buildings were simpler, but the people still moved along the path to do their business. Lanterns once again lined the path and were spread amongst the trees like thousands of stars, hidden in their branches. However, the trees’ ornaments were gone; they were still in mourning.
“Then you haven't seen many of us. There is this guy Gordon, blows me away the crap that comes out of his mouth. Oh and Ash, man that guy is a party on his own.” Dean's head was practically swimming as he looked at the bottle of sip-sip, the label suddenly hazy. “Benny, I think I need another one of these and then I'm gonna pass out somewhere.”
“I’d like to request that everyone return to their homes and stay out of the forest. We will be sending hunters out this afternoon to handle whatever did this. As for the tourists, because of the danger, I’m going to be sending you to some neighboring communities for the remainder of your stay. Please return to the Inn and prepare your things immediately. I’ll be there to arrange things shortly.”
“Kevin?”
“Wow, no way!” Kevin shouted from the living room.
“Just to let you know, he was a Green Beret, you pull anything, and he’ll kill you faster than you can scream for help- even with just his bare hands,” she warned and turned to leave the cabin. Sam and Dean looked at each other for a minute, both wondering if she was serious or not while they waited. Jack came back first, he had couple of small boxes full of supplies in his arms, but he managed to hold the door open as Claire and their father came in, both carrying so many boxes their faces were hidden behind them.
The warmth of the moment began to feel almost too good, too comfortable, too perfect and his nightmares started to chew on the edges of it, as if reminding him that he could lose it all at any time. He pulled away from the picture and forced a smile, “So, Picasso, when are you gonna paint me naked like one of your French whores?” Dean said in an exaggerated accent trying to push away happy memories and oppressive fears all at once.
“I am just wanting to get some extra sovereigns. Kevin's birthday is coming up.” Sam said with a somewhat sly grin and Dean laughed, “My brother the lover boy. Who would've guessed it. Well, hope you both find something good in there, I however, am going to go find a
In many ways it was another life, but a better one. The best kind of retirement.
Meg zipped up her leather jacket a bit higher, adjusted her purple beanie over her long brown hair, and pulled out a long, silver blade from her combat boot. She carefully placed one boot onto the ice and pressed down. The ice crackled and groaned in response, but it didn’t break. She looked over at Benny and he nodded, encouraging her to move the other foot onto the ice. She let go of a breath she seemed to have been holding, and went in.
Dean was breathing hard, “I just, look I was never the smart one ok? That's Sam. He's always been the better one of us. I didn't know what to do and this was all I could think of to get to him. Don't you think I wanted to talk to him? I wanted to write to him more than anything, but I couldn't risk it. Maybe it was stupid and maybe I did a lot of fucked up things to get here, but he's my brother and everything I did, I did out of love. What would you do to see your family again?”
“Same shit. Listen, kid, me and Cas go way back, things just…didn’t end up that great. I don’t want him stressed, if he wants us out, we’ll leave.”
The people of Earth 2.8 were given a choice, they could use the last of their supplies to retreat back to New Earth and begin anew on a planet that many of them had never even seen, or they could use what they had to fight to the end, even if it meant a slow painful death. Naturally, being human, every citizen remained, willing to give their lives to the world they knew as home.
“No, I’m afraid we had best be going,” The Doctor said sadly.
“You said you wanted to know when I heard about any apostates, right? Well, just so happens I got a lead on one.”
“What do you mean is that all?”
Dean tried to imagine Castiel using military codes and leading the kids through the town, but all he could see was Claire marching down the middle of the street shouting at the walkers to come and get her.
“1. It does and I don't want to talk about it. 2. Seriously Sam? You can't do better than Gabriel? 3. Isn't this some kinda incest? And 4. Really Sam? I mean what about Kevin? He's a nice boy.”
“Think I got some of my work place and my car somewhere on here, too.”
“No...I want us to stop talking about your brother and get this show on the road.”
He walked back into the tower and saw Anna writing a receipt for the merchant. He walked up to her and bowed with flourish and held out an apple, “For my lady.”
“I’ll boil some water for coffee. Come out when you are done.” Jack beamed at them and gave a small wave as he closed the door behind him.
“Oh, I bet Jamie will love that,” Ben grinned, “No- more metal beasties,” he said mimicking Jamie’s accent and Polly lazily tossed a slipper at him, “You be nice.”
Castiel didn’t speak and he didn’t look at Dean. Dean sighed and continued, the silence being more than he could handle, “After I got expelled, my old man was so fucking thrilled about what I had done to you, he pulled me into the family business full time. I started going on deals with him, collecting debts, pushing bigger loads, thieving, whatever. Got caught pretty fast though, probably wasn’t a month after I left school that I got tossed in juvey for a year.”
Dean gave a small smile as he listened to Cas. “People always use to tell me I look like my mom. That we had the same 'shine in our eyes' whatever that means. From dad, well, I idolized my dad. A lot of how I deal with stuff, I learned from my dad. That includes the bad stuff, like drinking too much when I get...”
“No, I really couldn't have.”
Sorry this is so late, I just moved across an ocean and it's taken a while to get settled in. I'm hoping I can finish this pretty soon though. Thanks to everyone who has been commenting/giving kudos and the support in general.
Kevin looked at Sam with pride and Sam lifted a brow, “What?”
They caught up over breakfast, and Benny told all kinds of heroic tales of Dean helping out with the mill, going on runs, and offering himself up to save them- which ultimately earned him an accusatory look from Sam and a concerned look from Castiel.
That night, Cas finished dinner quickly, went to quidditch practice and then went to meet Dean like he usually did. They didn't have a lot of time together this time of year, but a little here and there was better than nothing, even if they had to sneak out past curfew. They sat in the bell tower, looking out passed the pine trees to the ocean where the moonlight was being broken on the waves. The bells wouldn't ring until morning, so the place was safety abandoned. The boys sat with their fingers intertwined and their legs dangling over the side, shoved through the stone gate that wrapped around the open bell tower. The cold air sent chills through their limbs until Dean eventually pulled Cas against him for warmth, rearranging their scarfs so they stretched around both of them in a blur of red and yellow.
“It did this time.”
“I get it...no need to explain. I'm all yours, Sam.” Sam practically whined as he grabbed Brady's hand and pulled him to his room. Sam had been absolutely right, everything with them was easy, they just flowed perfectly together. Sam had barely thrown Brady onto the bed when Brady started removing his clothes. Sam stripped quickly too and pounced on him, kissing him fervently. They starting with deep kisses, their tongues smoothing against each other, taking turns sucking and biting before Sam started kissing his way down Brady's neck. They wound together in a fury of  tongue, skin, fingertips, nails, teeth, kisses, moaning, clawing, rutting, need, and hard, fast and frantic movement.
After a couple of hours, as the sky began to lighten, Sam woke the others. They ate a quick breakfast of bread and fruit before getting in the cart and heading out. Dean put on some of the extra clothes they had brought with them and hopped in the back of the cart with the others. Benny drove on until he saw Denerim down the road.
Kevin leaned close to Polly, “The first guy I ever had sex with was a pilot. A captain, too, actually. Not sure what he was captain of, but to be honest, I barely remember the guy’s name. It started with a J though. John, James, Jack, something like that. He had great hair, great everything actually.”
“Seems like a good kid.”
“Yeah? Well, that's good I guess. Actually, to be honest I think mom
Mrs. Tran smiled at that, “Well, thank you for that. So? How is it? Is it like the movies?”
“There is a difference between owing someone something and shaping your entire life around what other people want. Or at least, there should be. What I’m saying is, and I know this isn’t my place, you have your culture and you are happy with everything, but Sam, it’s clear that you want more than this. You want to travel and learn, you want to experience the universe and I think you should. Maybe you could get new skills and bring them back home, it could be an investment for the community. You shouldn’t have to force yourself into something that doesn’t make you happy just to feel like you are being useful. Your family and community would understand, they love you.”
“Too bad we can't go outside today,” Kevin sighed quietly as he led them towards the library.
Sam nodded, “Last we saw of it, Chicago was practically on fire, but the south side lasted the longest. Probably because of all the guns and, well, the people.”
Dean swallowed hard, put the lyrium down and walked to the table where they were sitting. “They know about you and Kevin. The Knight-Commander for sure knows and probably The First Enchanter, too.”
“There it is, get Kevin in there. I gotta open the gate.”
Cas ran through the gate that led to the marketplace, guards were all running towards the alienage and some of the other elves were running out as well, so he didn't look suspicious in the least. Many human citizens were standing outside the alienage trying to get a glimpse at the scene and Cas had to shove himself through them to get out towards the back alleys. There were warning bells sounding now and the entire city seemed to come alive with fear and curiosity. Cas panted as he ran hard, trying to remember the streets he had read on the map that morning. He took one turn after another, trying to avoid running into people as he went, his chest burned and ached for oxygen and his legs felt weak.
“So, not only have you pulled a gun on my wife…you’ve killed two of my own.”
When they neared the top of the mountain, Cas pulled off the road and drove into the forest. With all the snow, there was no way they could completely hide their tracks without something drastic. After some quick planning, they worked together to chop down a large pine tree and pulled it into their tracks, hoping it would distract whoever saw it from looking closer. They covered the truck itself with massive branches cut from other trees further in, grabbed their packs and some basic weapons, and hiked the rest of the way.
The moment they got home, everything was a blur of action, Sam opened the door and threw everything off the table while Claire went to get their medical supplies. Dean set Jack down and used his hunting knife to cut the leg off of his pants. Being back home was helping Castiel finally get a hold of himself, but he still couldn’t do much other than stay out of the way.
“Uh, sure. What is that?”
Cas grinned and took the oil, “I think I can do that.”
“You have no idea,” Mary replied.
Four days after the trade, Dean road shotgun with Benny in an old blue and white pickup, leading a small group to the dirt road by the paper mill in Lewiston. A surprising rainstorm had made the roads slick with slush and mud, but the old beater seemed used to this kind of treatment. Most of the snow on the way to Lewiston had melted, but they were still dressed in thick layers alternating between wool and athletic gear, all topped off with waterproof “ski shit” as Benny had called it.
“How did you even remember this book?”
“Now Jamie,” The Doctor started, but Jamie interrupted him, “Will ye just shut it and let me protect ye?”
“That's out of the question, he's been through enough.” Anna said firmly and Castiel nodded in agreement.
Dean bumped his shoulder against Benny's and they enjoyed the quiet of the village as they headed out to the main highway. It was a bright day with only clouds spotting the sky, everything was green and beautiful around them, it almost felt hard to believe they were suppose to be on the run as the horses trotted their way forward.
The area was thick with trees but with a well beaten trail covered with thick roots that came out like veins over the mountain. The two stepped between the roots carefully as they climbed. At one point Sam had been watching the shadows play over Jess's face so intently that he ended up tripping on one of the roots. Jess turned and helped pick him up with a worried look, but he just smiled lopsided looking away with embarrassment. Once they got a bit higher, the air chilled and soothed the heat from their bodies.
At 12:20, Sam parked the car down the street from the address on the note. They were at the edge of town, at the foot of the mountains, where several summer cabins and lodges were nestled in the trees. “They must be at the Campbell summer compound.”
After the speeches were given, everyone was handed a small wooden voting chip and told to put it either in Naomi’s bucket or Mary’s bucket. John stood beside Naomi to make sure no tourists accidentally voted; he may have also been there as a silent threat, warding people from voting for her. Kevin took several pictures of the process and watched as people flooded forward to vote.
“So I'm exotic?”
“I appreciate the offer, but I'm quite comfortable here.”
Polly and Kevin watched him go. “That seems like a bad idea,” Kevin said quietly and Polly shrugged, “He can do what he wants.”
They both went silent, each remembering different parts of everything they had been through, both wanting to say something, but unsure of what they could say at this point.
look. Dean gave her a
“The nerve! This is no scam! Try one and see.” He took one from the cart and handed it forward, but just as Dean went to take it he held out his other hand. Dean sighed and handed over 3 sovereigns and took a bite. The man wasn't lying, these were the freshest and sweetest apples he'd ever had. He felt like he was at The Maker's side, all he needed was to put these in a pie like his mother use to make and that'd be it. He'd be done for. “Ok, ok, I get it, I'll take four more.” He fished out the rest of his week's pay and took the apples in his arms.
Dean listened for a minute, then nodded, chuckling a bit, “Yup. Well at least the kid has taste, I guess.” Dean whispered with a shrug before moving forward. They went to the back of the cabin and the music got louder, but still, they couldn’t see anyone inside due to the fogged-up windows.
“And the moment has been ruined,”
“Wow, touchy. Maybe this was a bad idea, it’s clearly too soon for you to talk about it.”
Quickly, Sam backed up, away from the truck, and looked at Castiel with accusation, “Who the hell is that and where’s Dean?”
“Oh yeah, Sammy? What look is that?”
“Isn’t that right, Cas?” The shorter man asked as he and Sam neared the counter.
“There's something you should see, kiddo. Get your shoes on.”
“I might!”
Polly immediately headed towards the curtain, but stopped short when Ben called to her, “Duchess, wait, take the blanket,” Ben said as he got up and quickly took the blanket off, but Polly shook her head, “Thanks Ben, but I’ll need my hands free.”
“And just so you know, I expect pictures of this boy.”
“And how well has that worked for ANYONE so far.”
****Meanwhile****
“Yeah, I get you. You got nothing to worry about. I’m not here to start anything. Just stopping to get me and my brother back on our feet, then we’ll take off.”
Everyone closed their eyes tightly when they lifted above the tree line, and slowly they let their eyes adjust.
begin taking turns getting some sleep, tomorrow is going to be trying.” Cas said and Dean shrugged, “Go ahead, I'll keep watch.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean let out a long sigh and leaned back, tugging the scratchy wool blanket higher up over his shoulders. “Let’s…let’s just talk about this tomorrow.” Sam nodded and tried to get comfortable. Since the car was so packed, it was nearly impossible for someone his size, but he couldn’t bring himself to complain about the beloved car- especially knowing that they might have to leave it soon.
Dean looked him over and finally looked away in defeat, “Fine, look, if this is the way you want to play it-“
“Oh yeah. She only made it about halfway before the templars caught her, but wow that was a fun night. She was on clean up duty in the dining hall for 5 months after that, but it was legendary. Everyone thought she and Anna were dating forever after that.”
Dean smiled, trying to look coy and failing dismally, as another fucking tear made its way down his cheek, “Oh, hell yeah you should. Let me remind you of what you’ve been missing out on, Novak.” They were so close already, it was easy for Dean to simply lick his lips and move in for a kiss. The cold air had chapped and cracked their lips, so the kiss was scratchy and a little painful, but so worth it. Cas pressed back immediately, and Dean hummed in response, keeping his mouth just slightly open, no pressure, but offering a subtle invite. Castiel didn’t take it, but he let his hand go to Dean’s forearm and he grasped him tightly. Dean carefully moved his arms around Castiel’s waist and pulled them flush together.
Sam looked back at Kevin and scratched at his neck a bit in embarrassment, “Well, a month after you left, the council got together to talk about how they should react to what Anna did, and they decided that from now on, there should be a new role in every community. They are calling the people who take that role
“A scientist and a pilot, too bad about the hair,” Polly said with a sigh, stepping next to Kevin. Kevin laughed, “It is a little hard to overlook.” They snickered together and Ben looked over at them suspiciously, but Polly just put her hands up, silently telling him it was nothing.
“Wow, just give ALL our weaknesses to the enemy, Sam, great job.”
The next day, Sam finished his tests and returned to the frat for the end of the year party. It felt good to be with them all again, even the crazy streaker. They all played drinking games and chatted together like Sam had been with them the whole term. It was comfortable, even when he and Brady would catch each others eyes and his heart would jump up into his throat. It would take time, but maybe he could still have Brady as a friend. Even if they weren't together, he wanted this amazing man in his life, if he could have him.
“Against walkers, but not people.”
“I'm afraid you may have to duel me for them.”
“Jamie, can I ask you why you wanted to come?” Kevin asked quietly and Jamie glanced at him before looking back to the trees, “Because I like hunting. Working together to feed everyone, it’s good work. We can pay them back for their hospitality this way, too.”
“Uh huh.”
“That sounds amazing. How many people is he tutoring?”
“Yes, of course. I will need a lot of support, of course, but I believe this can be done.”
“Of course, it's alright, I'll take care of it.” Cas went to move, but Dean held on. “Dean, I can't remove the blankets if you don't let me go.”
“We are all here to support you,” Samuel added as his cousins gathered in close. Gwen stepped up next to Samuel and held out a silver blade. Samuel motioned for Dean to take it.
Sam relaxed a bit and ate his toast, smiling to himself with thoughts of what things were going to be like at school. They were on the road before 9 and arrived around 2. Dean pulled the Impala up to Sam's new frat house where most of the new and old members were hanging around outside getting to know each other. Dean hauled Sam's stuff out of the truck and looked him over.
Cas opened the door to find Dean alone, his face, red from the cold, was barely sticking out from behind his scarf.
“I might have to. Unless....”
“What about your mother?”
Dean felt a rush of tingling need rush up his cock at that and he pulled Cas's lips to him. “Ok. Yeah, that sounds good baby.”
When they let go Kevin gave a quick embarrassed smile as he wiped his face clear, “Goodbye Sam. I hope you have a good life.”
“I mean to say, that, I love you too. I shoulda said it earlier, but every time I try to get a minute to just talk to you, you’re always running off somewhere on some new mission and I get so worried about you and pissed, frankly, it’s like you never want to just stay…”
The boy gave an awkward smile to the brothers, “I’ll just go get the medical kit, I doubt you will have anything worse than some bruising, but just in case, it might be good to clean any areas where the skin got torn. Please, have a seat, our father should be home soon. Maybe you can join us for dinner. Oh, and I’ll get you some clean clothes, you both must be freezing.”
“Great! I’ll see you tomorrow then, the book is really great by the way.”
“Hell, of a way to start a friendship…” Andrea muttered and Castiel nodded, putting his hand on Dean’s gun to lower it.
Captain Jody Mills came down into the ship where Kevin and Sam were sitting. Sam had his face in his hands, with his hair making a curtain around him while Kevin just stared daggers at the desk in front of him.
“Dean? That was quick.”
“I’m not sure, but something has caused some of the trees to become violent. Other trees have been protecting the village, but no one is sure how much longer they can hold out. Mary contacted the other communities, but no one else is reporting any problems and many of the leaders seemed to think this was nothing but a rather tasteless joke.”
“I know, but I have to go back. Claire can you run?”
Cas smiled brightly as he looked at Dean with reverence before they pulled together again. After a few minutes of fingering and messy kissing, Cas pulled away just enough to speak against Dean's lips.
“Super glue?” Dean lifted a brow and looked at Cas who continued to glare at his brother for a moment before looking sheepishly at Dean.
“I said I'll be fine, Cas. Besides, it was totally worth it, you know why?”
On the 7th day after the trade, Castiel was working on making yet another pot of soup for Kevin and Jack while Sam was on a run gathering supplies in town and Claire was out hunting and checking her traps. He listened as the boys bonded over a game of checkers in the living room; both of them wrapped in blankets and sipping gingerbread tea by the crackling fire.
The summer sun poured through the window and warmed their skin as they rolled on the couch, trying to press closer against one another, their hands roaming everywhere they could reach.
Trigger Warnings (seriously guys, you might want to look at this one):
“Show a little optimism, Jack and Claire have been perfectly capable at just about everything we’ve seen them do so far.”
'Just go away, go to bed, go anywhere.' Castiel thought as he laid under Alastair's bed. Then Alastair approached the bed. “You want to come out now? Or do you like it down there?” Castiel's eyes widened and without warning Alastair pulled Castiel from under the bed, grabbed him by the neck and shoved him up against the wall. “Well, well, what are you doing in here, knife-ears?”
“Honestly? It’s better. This place is amazing. I’ll send you some pictures later, but the food, the air, the water, everything is so good and everyone is so…I can’t even explain it. They are just really, welcoming I guess. There is this warmth to everyone and everything.” Mrs. Tran’s eyes shined a bit as she listened with pride and awe.
“Sometime earlier today, I think.”
“Gordon. He broke formation and brought way too many down on us at once, then he shoved Cole to the walkers like he was just setting out bait for one of his traps. Needless to say, I left his crazy ass.”
As they sang, one by one, the family members and then the rest of the community, laid their pine branches on the mound that now covered Samandriel. Each person would pause their singing just long enough to quietly utter "As we take care of the trees, they take care of us” when they placed their branch, like a small prayer mixed with a goodbye. In the darkness, with the ominous melody in his ears, Kevin continued to see movement out of the corner of his eyes, deep in the forest, but he tried to ignore it. When the last branch had been placed, they finished the song harmonizing on one final note and held it for several seconds before allowing it to fade to silence. Nearby, Kevin saw families all holding tight together. Mary was with her boys, holding their hands with John close behind her. Ellen and Bobby had Jo sandwiched between them. The Novaks remained by Samandriel’s grave. Even the The Doctor’s group was holding tight together. When Polly noticed him looking, she offered out her hand and without a thought Kevin took it. He was pulled in close and let their warmth shield him from the silence. In that quiet moment he remembered Samandriel’s face, and he promised that he was going to figure this out. If Naomi was involved, he would make sure the world knew what she did. As he felt tears build in his eyes, he felt someone else’s tears drip down onto his cheeks, and all he could do was hold on tighter.
“It's Gabriel, he probably is.” Sam said laughing and Gabriel winked at him.
“Good work Winchester, your cut. Let me know when you need more work,” the man said as he handed a large wad of hundreds into Dean’s hand, and without a moment to pause, Dean turned and held it out for Castiel.
Sam barely had time to think as Gabriel flipped him on his stomach. The aura of Gabriel's magic massaged it's way into his muscles and nerves, and Sam moaned and pressed himself against the counter for relief, slowly warming it with his body heat. Next Sam's boxers were pulled off and he could hear Gabriel go to the fridge. Sam lifted his head, “Gabe?”
“But everyone always agrees don’t they,” Polly asked a bit forcefully.
“Do they do requests about anything?”
“They can do whatever they want.” Kevin said with a shrug and Linda crossed her arms firmly, “I would have sent the north down on them if they tried to take my baby to another continent. Who do they think they are?!”
“What?”
“Hey, I needed to wake you up somehow, didn't I? You've been spacing out this whole time. Did you even notice the song change?”
“What about the antidote?” Polly asked.
“Not nearly enough obviously. You are fucking awesome.” Cas gave a laugh from his throat that vibrated over Dean's cock as Cas continued to nuzzle and rub him through the fabric. Cas finally gave a small tug at the elastic waistline as a signal for Dean to sit up and with one quick movement the fabric was gone and forgotten. Cas stared at Dean's cock and licked his lips. Dean watched as Cas drew close to the tip, but right before he touched it, Cas looked up to meet his eyes. Dean's breath caught in his throat as Cas kept eye contact while gently licking the slit of his cock, tonguing the hole before trailing his tongue around the head. “Oh fuck, you are fucking gorgeous.” Cas hummed before taking the head of Dean's cock into his mouth. He sucked on it lightly and lathered it up with his tongue before popping off and licking down the length, teasing the vein underneath with gentle pressure. Dean arched up, his mouth hanging open as he continued a litany of praises. “Perfect baby, god I need you so bad. How the hell did I get you.”
“Because if he's giving you that line he probably spit in your drink.”
Benny was right, the man was apparently going to make things difficult.
“I just mean, dinnae you want a wife and bairns?
“Yeah it has,” Sam said a bit more sadly than he had intended.
“Yeah,” Sam replied quietly with a light chuckle, as if even across the room his voice would only reach Kevin. Kevin felt his cheeks burn a bit, he wanted to continue the conversation, but he had no idea what to say, and just like that his window of opportunity was over and Sam took the plates into the kitchen.
“Meg, would you escort Sam to his chambers?” Crowley waved with disinterest.
“Oh please, as if you know anything about our gods,” Balthazar mocked and Castiel released Dean's hands, much to Dean's disappointment.
Sam grinned and Gabriel shook his head, “Alright...kitchen first...then I kick everyone out of the VIP room.”
“Here, I’ll split it with you,” Polly offered holding out her empty glass.
“I dunno sequels never go well.” Anna said with a shrug sipping hot chocolate with whipped cream and cinnamon.
“Anyway, Dean and Samandriel stayed till the end of my shift, Dean even helped me clean up the glass.”
Polly looked around with worry, probably trying to spot the people she knew in the crowd. Ben gently put an arm around her shoulders, “It’s ok, Pol.”
Dean was in the kitchen working on dinner while Sam studied in his den, ready to leave them alone for the night until Dean was ready to introduce them because apparently inviting her over was one thing, but introducing her to his family was a whole other step that Dean wasn't ready for.
“But I want to.”
am gonna go meet the asshole myself and if he harmed one fucking hair on Cas, I'm gonna tear him to pieces. Him and everything he fucking loves. Give me the key, Sam.”
“Ok.” Dean said quietly, obviously a bit concerned and Cas kissed his forehead, then his cheek, then his lips as he moved an oiled finger to Dean's hole. Cas rubbed around it slowly, waiting to feel the muscles relax as he kissed Dean and rubbed against him, trapping their dicks between them.
“Cas, you didn't really think it'd be that easy did you? The Chantry has had it's grip on the circle since the beginning, practically. They won't listen to anyone while the system works in their favor. They fear us too much to let us rule ourselves and the rite of tranquility is the only real threat they can hang over our heads for when we step out of line. One civilized talk isn't going to change things like that.”
Dean gave a quiet thoughtful hum, “You sure we need ‘em?”
“Thanks, Sammy.”
When not at work, Cas was staying at the Winchester estate for his safety and in the hopes of keeping his family out of the chaos. Dean was glad for the extra time he had with Cas, but he hadn't wanted it like this. He was sitting in bed trying not to think about everything while plucking wearily at his guitar when a freshly showered Cas walked in.
“I never cheated.”
Dean looked over at him with surprise and worry, but Cas shook his head to nullify it.
“We'll see when we get there. Before that though...all the other stuff. Cas if you want to go to school and study piano or painting or whatever, you can. I'll miss you like crazy, but I'm down with whatever you want. As long as I get conjugal visits,” Dean lifted his brows suggestively.
From tomorrow, Sam would keep helping rebuild his community, he would go back to being Bobby’s apprentice, and marry a nice boy or girl that was raised under the trees of Earth 2.8 just like he was. Maybe someone sweet and smart like Jess or someone more familiar like one of Cas’s many brothers and sisters. Either way, Sam would be happy. He’d have his parents, Dean, Cas, and now baby Claire, he’d have his community, and his festivals and his place in this mysterious world, and Kevin would simply go back to work. He would sort through their pictures, pick a story and publish it. He’d visit his mom on the weekend, maybe get laid in a club bathroom here and there when he could spare the time, get sent around the universe to keep collecting new stories, and eventually, if he was lucky, maybe he’d forget about Sam, because this was too good for him.
“Save your energy, baby. I know a better way you can help me sleep.”
After breakfast, Kevin collected his equipment and joined the others in the lobby. Anna and Samandriel took them up to the landing platform. The minute they rose above the tree line, Kevin nearly went blind. He shut his eyes tightly, and let them slowly adjust to the sudden burst of natural light. By the time they were on the platform, Kevin could keep his eyes open, but he was still squinting and blinking uncomfortably. Anna led them towards a small parked shuttle, where a thin man with a light brown mullet stood waiting. “This is our community’s shuttle, Mary often takes it to meet with the council members, it’s also used for trades and on rare occasions, visitation when someone wants to meet their birth family in another community. Everyone please take a seat and buckle yourselves in and we’ll get going.”
“What did I just say about the VIP room? I got cleaners coming in soon.”
“Whatever I have to.”
“We are pretty open to ideas.” Sam said gently and Linda nodded listening as he continued, “We were thinking about Tevinter, though.”
“Did they ever actually date?”
“Hmph.”
Naomi ignored him, “Tell me about your family Dean. Why aren't you with them for Christmas?”
John shook his head, “Anyway, that loudmouth, is my oldest, Dean. The tall one is my youngest, Sam, and that angel of patience there is the poor boy that agreed to marry my idiot son, and you can call him Cas or Castiel.”
Brady nodded and they shared one more kiss before he helped Sam carry his stuff outside. Sam hadn't told Dean about Brady, mostly because he wasn't sure what to say about it or how to really describe it, so when they got outside they played it safe and Brady waved him off like any other friend would do. With that, Sam's first semester of school ended and he returned to Moonlight Falls exhausted and a little lonely.
“I will, I will,” Sam said laughing and hugged his brother before heading towards the frat house with the sound of the Impala roaring behind him as Dean left. All at once different people were introducing themselves; everyone seemed to be as excited as he was and rambling about a variety of topics ranging from keggars to philosophy. Out of the group, one man with dirty blonde hair and stormy gray blue eyes walked up to him with a particularly relaxed smile as he offered his hand.
“What? You like him right? You should go for it. Come on, everyone has wedding fever, by the time the wedding happens he’ll be in such a romantic mood, if you don’t go for it, someone else will.”
After they had fallen asleep, Cas's tendency to fling himself around the bed began as usual and he quickly popped out of Dean, waking him up in the process with a start. Dean watched Cas roll to the side with his body halfway off the bed. Dean smiled and pulled Cas back into his arms. “No you don't. You stay with me angel.” Cas grumbled in his sleep and cuddled closer to Dean. “Love you, Cas.”
“Kevin....”
“I'll get the tents ready.” Kevin offered and Dean nodded, taking his helmet off with a sigh. Sam could see how exhausted his brother was and looked over at Cas with worry.
, do your duty and stay in line.” Dean stared at Crowley for a moment, part of him wanted to run, to spit in his face, to say what he did had been right, but he couldn't. His head was swimming, the teasing was almost too much, his body needed more, it couldn't just stop with a taste, he needed every drop he could get. His body ached and shook with need as he bent over Crowley's desk, his face pressed against messily stacked parchments.
“Finally,” Gordon was practically grinning ear to ear, talk about being way too eager. From what Dean had gathered, the guy was a little too into hunting. Apparently, his whole family had been competitive on a national level or something…which Dean hadn’t even known was a thing. What was even weirder was that the guy talked about killing walkers the same way he talked about hunting animals. Dean hadn’t really thought much about walkers before, as far as he saw it they were just a threat that had to be dealt with, but something about the way Gordon talked about them rubbed him the wrong way. The walkers in the cage thing had apparently been his idea too. Dean couldn’t help but wonder if maybe some of what Cas had said had gotten to him a little bit because Gordon seriously weirded him out when ordinarily he’d get along great with someone who was so action oriented…
“Alastair, is this true?” Crowley looked at him with a lifted brow.
Benny nodded, “Still sounds pretty nice, having him around at all I mean. My father was a sailor. Didn’t see him much. He went straight from the Navy to a fishing boat in Alaska. Mama said he musta been a pirate in another life or some shit to hear the ocean call for him that hard.”
“Dean-“
When he got back, the Inn was packed, not only was the tour group there, but many family friends were gathered for dinner as well. John was cooking with Mary’s help, while everyone sat waiting with the tables pushed all together so everyone was able to eat together.
“Dean, I understand why you're upset.”
Sam had stopped in his tracks at the command as well. He and Cas looked at each other tentatively while they waited for the teenagers to make it back inside. When the door finally shut behind them, Cas took a breath, “Sam, could you help me.”
Cole looked him over, “Hey, Dean, could you hand me the salt?” Dean looked up, grabbed the salt and held it out. Cole moved forward and instead of taking the salt, put his hand over Dean's, his eyes instantly widening.
“Yes. Unfortunately.”
Frank turned back towards the door, “Anna, it’s so nice you decided to stop by on your insane plan to destroy the planet, but we are a little busy in here trying to undo
He tried kissing along Dean's ribs next, claiming each one with his lips, tongue and teeth. “Hm, getting warmer.” Cas looked up at him, catching his gaze as he licked up Dean's sternum making Dean's cock leak a bit with need. “Holy shit that was hot, you're almost there, baby.”
The man laughed, “I'd recommend the bear, bronto can be a bit tough if it isn't prepared right.”
“Sure,” Sam crawled into his bed and sent a small burst of magic from his hand, extinguishing the flame.
“Uh...ok, I guess.”
Castiel opened the door and gave a polite partial smile to him, “Hello, Dean.”
Once again, Kevin’s thoughts had gotten away from him and he missed the beginning of Mary’s speech as she led them into the meeting hall. The area wasn’t as big as he had expected, probably barely big enough for every citizen in the community to sit tightly together. The interesting thing was, that instead of traditional chairs and a floor, this cottage was open along the bottom, so they were still walking on dirt and roots. The roots curled up to create seats in an amphitheater format, leaving space for a speaker. Kevin took a few pictures moving around to look more closely at the roots.
The rest of the night was filled with light saber beer bongs, dancing, crazy photo booth pictures, smoking flavored sheesha from a hooka, dancing with the strippers and an eventual awkward naked hot-tubbing with his future brother-in-laws. By the end of the night, Dean, Sam, Charlie, Benny, Gabriel and Anna had piled themselves on the king sized bed on the 3rd floor VIP room, Lucifer was on the floor next to it curled around a puke bucket, and the entire place was trashed.
Dean knocked quietly on Sam's door and quickly Sam opened it and let him in. “Hey, I got the board all set up.”
“I seem to have...overdone it today. I ache everywhere. I told Gabriel that I can't work tomorrow. May I-”
“Nu uh, no way, I'd rather go to the deep roads and spend the rest of my life fighting darkspawn. At least then I'd have a fighting chance.”
“Oh. Thank you, Dean. I think you're...awesome...as well.”
“So, what are your plans today Cas?” Dean finally asked, his body practically going limp with relaxation making him sag slightly against Cas's shoulder.
That’s when he heard the whistling. Dean closed his eyes and fought hard, he knew hope was close. In moments, Benny was on one of the walkers, pulling it up by the helmet and stabbing his machete through the base of its skull. Without all the weight on him, Dean rolled to the side and grabbed his knife before rushing to stab the other through the eye. Looking down at them, he finally let himself breath, only just realizing how long he had been holding his breath.
“I raise your San Francisco Zoo tiger with…Beyoncé’s private jet, beat that losers,” Claire teased with a grin.
****Redcliff****
“Uh huh.”
They really were a couple of dumbasses. All these years he wasted thinking he didn’t deserve Cas while Cas was sitting there thinking Dean would never want him. Idiots.
“Dad?” Jack called desperately.
“Dean, good things do happen, people don't always leave and if you give me a chance I'll prove that to you.”
Even as he approached the city, Benny saw dozens of carts stopped outside the main gate that led to the castle and the marketplace. They were all being checked by the templars. Before he got too close, he took a turn to head around the city. The road that went around the city was a bit overgrown, but he noticed that today he wasn't the only one taking it, there must have been a lot of traders who didn't want to go through the checks because of time or smuggled goods. Even though the main gate was out of the question, Benny knew there were plenty of ways in. One of the easiest ways in, would be the alienage, which would be perfect for Castiel. The others would have to find a place by the harbor or a back alley, but first things first.
Sam gave a bitch face to Dean before looking at Cas with a polite smile as he put his hand out, “Hey Cas, nice to finally meet you.”
“This should do it.” Cas said as he poured the crushed herbs into some boiled water and brought it over to Sam. Sam took the mug and lifted Kevin up.
Castiel considered it for a moment, his fingers unconsciously turning the bracelet on his wrist, “It's the way he looks at you. It isn't the same way he looks at anyone else. I suppose that could be just deep admiration or friendship, but I don't think you and I look at each other the way you and Kevin do and I believe we have deep admiration for one another as well as friendship.”
“Oh my, forgive me for interrupting, it’s just that, Polly Wright, one of our traveling companions, seems to have gone missing. With what happened to Samandriel, we are, naturally, a bit concerned. We were hoping you could track her through the GPS system for us?”
Cas finished his work and joined Dean, a tray of freshly picked vegetables in his arms. “You were right, some of the tomatoes were ready, take a look,” Cas said showing Dean what he'd gathered.
“Maybe…I guess it depends.” Cas lifted a brow curiously and Dean swallowed hard, “Cas, after everything that happened here…I just…I dunno, I remembered how fucking dangerous the world is, I guess. Like, maybe White Bird is all picked clean, but you have no idea how close we are to a shit ton of walkers.”
“You're gonna be hurting tomorrow.” Benny said with a grin handing him some water and bread.
“It’s going to be fine. Whatever she does, we’ll figure it out.”
Benny shared a quiet smile with Dean and planted an Antivan sip-sip in front of each of the templars. They all chugged the bottles down in one go and Dean had to hold back his laughter as he leaned against Ash. “Those guys are going to be so wasted in a couple minutes. This is going to be amazing.”
“Eh? Oh!” It took him a moment, but when Jamie got it he burst out laughing. This of course, set everyone else off. Kevin’s hand tightened on the bug in his pocket and took that moment to slip one of the bugs onto the inner paneling of Mary’s desk.
“He wouldn't talk about it, but he seemed scared.”
Sam chewed his bottom lip, nodding as he thought the idea over, “That's actually not bad advice. Cas has really done a number on you hasn't he?”
“Sam, I never wanted you to feel like that, I thought you'd know that I was out there working to get to you. I told you that when they took you. I told you that I'd save you.”
“It wouldn't be interrupting, it would be joining.”
Dean nodded, “Yeah, thanks Cas.”
John got off Dean and threw some boxers at him, at that point Dean wasn’t even sure if they were his own or Castiel’s. He scrambled to put them on and looked over at Castiel who’s chest was covered in the blood gushing from his twisted, broken nose. John’s eyes squared on Dean, “You are gonna beat the fucking gay outta that boy or I’m gonna shoot him in the head and throw him in the goddamn river.”
“Dean that's not fair to base everything on what if scenarios. Think about it from her perspective, what if she had told you straight up? What would you have done? You would have ended it, right? You like Lisa, maybe she wanted you to have the chance to get to know her before you only saw her for what she is.”
“It's ok, Dean.” Cas took Dean's hand and entwined their fingers.
Kevin made his way into the dining room where he found Jamie and The Doctor taking a break for tea. He learned from them that the vote was going to be held that night and that Dean was absolutely livid. Dean had freaked out about the vote and Naomi’s plan, and then he had freaked out on Sam for accepting the job with Bobby. Dean had apparently threatened to take Cas back to the forest and ‘screw the community’, but ultimately decided that if the community fell apart this bad from him just being gone a few days, leaving permanently would probably doom the entire planet.
“That's what I'm hoping, quieter and cleaner.”
“Oh?”
“We really couldn’t ask that of you, you are here as our guest,” Mary began, but The Doctor waved it off, “Oh no trouble, as your guest, I feel I am obliged to help. Now, shall we see the uhm, patient?” The Doctor said, clearing his throat.
“See, I’m awesome,” Dean said throwing his arm around Cas’s shoulders.
“Castiel,” Castiel corrected politely and Dean smiled at him, but it fell quickly.
“Well, you know what we have to do now right?”
“You have no idea.” Kevin moved forward, letting the blanket fall from his waist as he pulled Sam back onto the bed.
That’s when they heard it.
“Yes, of course we should be careful, but we should also give them the benefit of the doubt. We won’t know what kind of people they are until we meet them. Maybe they are just looking for a place to be safe, just like you two were. Besides, not many people come through here, we might not get the chance to meet anyone else for months and…we can’t just hide in the mountains alone forever. Who knows? Maybe these people need help. We are in a position where we can help others, so it’s our duty to at least try.”
“Yeah, guess so.” Dean wanted Benny to go with them to be safe, but he knew once Benny made a decision, that was it. “I'll send you a letter when I can.”
The templars came in, loud and victorious this time, they shouted out to Dean, 'The Chasind Slayer,' and Dean shouted back to them in camaraderie as the rest of the customers watched them with part annoyance and part curiosity.
Cas smiled, “But you and I will not let any of that happen, will we?”
“What's happened?” Castiel asked and Gabriel looked away.
After they finished studying in the library, they headed back to their rooms, stopping only briefly in every dark corner they could find to steal a few more kisses when prying eyes weren't around. Sam gave a sigh as he opened the door to his and Cas's room. Cas looked up from his place at his desk. “Looks like things are going well with you and Kevin.”
“Hey, Dean?” A quiet voice interrupted and Dean whirled around and out of his chair.
“I uh, I wanna ask Cas to marry me,” He said quietly, making sure Anna was out of earshot.
“Holy shit.”
Polly was the first to notice Kevin rejoin them and patted the spot next to her. Kevin took it gratefully.
Polly smiled and began to doze off. Kevin had no idea what time it was or how long they had been in the unit. After a while, Mary and Hannah passed out dinner to everyone and eventually the curtain was opened so everyone could meet baby Claire. Chuck took Claire so Amelia could rest and so he could personally take her to each person and introduce his first granddaughter, starting of course with Mary who was just as eager to meet her, even if she was a bit distracted.
