He's still frowning into white cotton sheets when the handle of the door rattles in the silence of John's sulk and said door opens just a tad wide enough for a skinny curly-haired boy to slip through, and well, John really can't be blamed for jerking upward and swiveling around, eyes wide and slightly panicked at being startled.
He has no idea what the Holmes brother's relationship is, but he has a sneaky feeling that it's not a great one judging by the reaction Sherlock has at the mention of his brother, or the way he'd stared daggers into him at the game only weeks prior.
Mike glared at him. "You don't know where your man is at? Oh, Johnny, you gotta keep track of him. If you want to keep him-"
And that's when the light of the moon catches a glimpse of that hand that had been wrapped around his when he'd fallen asleep. It moves slowly, cautiously, and Sherlock opens his fingers, ready to accept it again and fold it back into his grasp where it belongs, already missing the contact, the heat of it in his hand.
Swallowing down on panic, John barely gets his question out. "What's their last name? Mycroft and Sherlock What?"
Panic ricochets around John's insides immediately as the hair on the back of his neck stands up, a cool wave crashing through his body at the implications of the question. He turns back with narrowed eyes. "Why do you care?" It's an idiotic response, but John is a bit shocked that Victor is aware of their game schedule, which is ridiculous considering he lives with a rugby player.
And just like that, the genius boy's silent, calm, preoccupied world shatters into millions of tiny little pieces as his fate stands just beyond a few inches of wood and it's daunting and terrifying and
"I'll always take care of you, John," Sherlock rumbled deep from within his chest, holding John as close as he could. "I promise. I won't ever let anything happen to you."
John is actually breathing a little harder. "Were all the, uh, cases like that? All the ones I worked on with you?"
"Don't worry about it," John giggled. Sherlock began to look up at him with a raised eyebrow but his face fell immediately as he took in John's appearance.
what I was asking about, although that was an excellent impression of an evil genius." John can't help chuckling as Sherlock whips his head around to glare at him. "I was talking about this." He waves his hand around the field. "Football. Playing with the team. I didn't think this would be your thing."
"Maybe he fell in love with you at first sight and can't handle looking at you now," Greg teases, elbowing his ribs. "John Watson, the irresistible rugby player."
Blushing under the attention, Sherlock continues his ministrations of John's thighs, unable to keep his hands off this beautiful boy who is perfect in every way and praising
"I wanna return the favor," he whispered, pressing his lips to Sherlock's ear. He was certain Sherlock would like that.
So Link was bisexual. He made a note to introduce him to Mike. Sherlock was 19. So all that arrogance and esteem that came off him in waves was bullshit. Sherlock was…promiscuous. With everyone but John apparently. And he did it in public. Somehow that felt worse. Why, if Sherlock treated any sort of sexual activity so casually, why wouldn't he sleep with him? John had sworn he'd gotten some sort of positive vibe from him after their discussions… maybe he'd misinterpreted all of it? Maybe he was just some dumb virgin who didn't know how to read signals. Maybe John wasn't good enough to be counted among Sherlock's sexual conquests.
"Stop." Sherlock held his hand up as his eyes snapped open. "I will not sit here while you justify why it was alright for that…
Sherlock, making him see red. "Alright," John whispers, stroking thumbs along Sherlock's cheekbones, attempting to reassure him as well as reassure himself.
Hips thrust forward uncoordinatedly and Sherlock cries out unable to keep himself quiet as his orgasm crests and crashes over him, wave after wave of blissful pleasure as John continues to touch and soothe him through it, whispering tenderly down at him as Sherlock moans and shakes and works himself through it, focused solely on his boyfriend's soft words and the pleasure spiraling his insides gloriously. Days and days of pent up frustration flow freely from him, wringing him dry and he gasps with the relief of it, entire body quivering as he pulses over and over.
"Ah, actually, that was my doing." Lestrade lopes out from the other side of the stables, grinning. "Well. Mine and his." He points a finger at John.
"No fair!" John called as he heard a quiet chuckle and a closing of the door at the bottom of the stairs.
He cleans Sherlock off and then pulls back the covers, climbing in. "Come have a cuddle," he smiles, stretching out an arm and Sherlock scurries under the covers, pressing his naked body flush against John's.
He continues to read and obsess over every word as he clicks on article after article, attempting to parse out which pieces of information will be most useful to him considering the majority of the data in many of these pieces are basically generic ideas rather than actual solid advice.
!" John snaps, even as his chest warms at the teasing. A bunch of wankers, absolutely, but he bloody loves this team and the jabbing only makes him feel more a part of it. "I hate all of you."
"But-… he-…" Sherlock rasps around his shaky breathing, pausing to inhale before attempting to continue. "He wasn't… moving…"
"I-..." Sherlock tries again, pausing to swallow thickly, steeling himself as he takes a shuddering breath, palms flat against the door as he stares down at John on his knees in front of him. "Please... Lick it."
Attempting to keep his calm demeanor, Sherlock shoves his pointe shoes into his bag with shaky fingers and turns to face the boy he'd been dancing for the entire night. He hadn't known if John was out in the crowd, not for certain, but now he knew and it was more than overwhelming. "I'm glad you liked it."
Sherlock was a little bit fascinating and so different then anyone John had ever met. Sherlock was right; John
"Alright boys," Paul calls as the rest of the team meanders over. "Gather 'round! We're so glad you all could make it!"
It's been one full week and still, John has no idea what to make of the rather clandestine Sherlock Holmes. The fact that the only reason John even knows the boy's name is due to a nice woman who had been helping him move in on their first day of school and given John right around nothing to work with besides a name and an uncomfortable wink.
"Not when it's life-threatening you can't," John challenges, turning back to his desk and searching under his papers for his mobile.
"I'm not mad, John, I just think you'd better go back to your room. You're very drunk and I don't want you doing anything you may regret."
"Well I assume this has made you uncomfortable," Sherlock said coolly. "I mean, you aren't gay, and as the rugby team captain I'm sure you wouldn't want it getting out that you live with a homosexual. You already live with a freak. I know you don't want it to get worse."
And maybe it was that simple. Maybe John had made it complicated enough and now it could just be… simple.
And he'd asked some. The detective stuff was amazing. And a small glimpse into Sherlock's childhood as a boy-genius was wonderful. But John knew better then to think they'd even scratched the surface of all the topics they'd need to cover. He'd have to ask. He'd have to tough it out and hear the truth.
"Good evening sir," she said with a bob of her head. "Do you have a reservation with us this evening?"
The responding low groan that falls from the boy pressed against him makes Sherlock bite down hard on his lip, focusing on the sharp pain of the pinch and not the way the sound of John's whispered moan snaps a shock of pleasure straight down his hips and up to the tip of his cock, though he can't help the thrust of his pelvis as John's grip on him tightens, holding Sherlock as close as possible.
Sherlock's heart lurches to the side and he tightens his grip in John's hair as the boy goes to move. "No," Sherlock croaks into the covers. "Not yet."
Sherlock stayed stock still, staring John down with that penetrative gaze. And somehow, that was what set John off.
John stayed stock-still, biting his cheek on the inside, trying to move past embarrassment and on to indignation but couldn't seem to get there. He stared just over the shoulder of this tall stranger, unable to meet his gaze. He didn't want to admit it out loud. It was awful enough in his head.
"Yeah, he really, really does," Greg said. "I don't know what you did to him, but go make it up, alright? Mycroft would murder me in cold blood if he knew I were here but please, for the sake of Sherlock's sanity and my sex life,
"Your mother let me in," John says with a wave of his hand, still staring hard. "You weren't at the game." He blows out a breath as his eyes run all over Sherlock's body. "You're always at the game."
Three weeks and Sherlock is still coaxing Dolly, still petting her sides, still trying to prove himself.
Deciding his retort wouldn't be welcomed when a determined John Watson was standing in the doorway, body drawing up to his full height, Sherlock bit the inside of his cheek and rolled his eyes to the ceiling. "John," he started, trying to convey without saying it that he would prefer him to stay in the house, safely away from any dangers, stay where Sherlock knew he was, knew where he'd be when he came home. To finish this damn conversation they'd waited too long to have.
But Sherlock's curiosity had gotten the better of him. His ego-stroke was a necessary evil and he couldn't stop himself. He wanted the answers to his questions. He wanted to know if he'd been right.
He waited, trying to calm his breathing as he waited for a response. When his phone buzzed again, he could hardly open it fast enough.
his roommate's shoulders shake under his palms as the boy below him laughs. "Careful there," he chuckles, glancing up to grin at his dorm mate, features soft and lovely and tinted a bit red from the chill of the night, darkened blue eyes swimming with such depth it takes Sherlock's breath away momentarily.
"Sorr-" he started, but was cut off by a hand on his shoulder. They both stopped walking and John glanced up at his friend.
"Mmhmm," Sherlock hummed against his skin. "I imagine you're out in the crowd, watching me. I dance for you, John."
The first thing Sherlock deduced about John's sleeping form that first night he'd crept back into the room was that his new dormmate was clearly an athlete. John had been laid out on his stomach, shirtless, arms up over his head, hands tucked beneath his cheek, the position causing the covers to fall just above John's waistline. Defined, tanned, rippling muscles had stared back at Sherlock, trailing along John's back in deep ridges, begging to be traced by a lover's delicate finger-
John nods, then gingerly removes the thick black rims from Sherlock's face. He places them on the shelf next to them. Then turns back to him.
"London, right?" Mike spreads his arms wide and gestures down his torso with a shrug. "I suppose we've been lucky to avoid this kind of weather up until now. Where are you hurrying off to?"
"There it is!" Sherlock called over his shoulder as they rounded the corner. His strides slowed as they approached a rather unremarkable bench, John almost running into him.
And pushing open the door to their shared dorm room, breath caught in his throat on an aching swallow, Sherlock is both relieved and disappointed to find their space completely void of his perfect roommate, the silence slamming into him like a punch to the gut while the idea that maybe John has gone altogether without making a scene makes the coward in him breathe a sigh of relief.
Which, again, is shattered when John reaches out to take his hand, lacing their fingers together in such an intimate, knowing way, Sherlock has to look away from their joined digits, tightening his grip a bit. "Good," John murmurs with a smile.
It had broken something in John. It had shattered something in his chest, something he'd been so damn careful not to let break, something he'd been balancing vigilantly within himself to keep it from destroying him altogether. But all that hard work had been all for not as John watched those ever-changing eyes glaze over, terror racing across his features, panic at being entirely out of control of his body. The vomiting had helped but still, John knew; Sherlock never
While still tan like the rest of the rugby crew, Paul's skin now holds a certain paleness, almost gaunt, like he hasn't gotten a proper night's sleep in days. His hand shakes ever so slightly as he raises the bottle to his lips and closes his eyes as though the taste of fresh beer is somehow a blessing on his tongue, a soft sigh escaping his nose following a harsh swallow. He looks… beaten down. Worn out. Defeated.
"About Victor?" John plows ahead, figuring it's best to rip the band-aid off. He's got a bad feeling about Victor, too. It's not anything new.
Sherlock opened his eyes to find John fidgeting near the couch, wearing Sherlock's too large sweatpants and t-shirt, both of which had been snug on him ten years ago when John would spend the night, something they'd laughed over so many times between late night kisses and morning cuddles.
Wiping his nose and his eyes along his sleeve, bottom lip still trembling delicately, Sherlock attempts to straighten his shaking body, fighting through the need to curl up forever, and turns with his eyes still closed, preparing to allow himself to survey John's side of the room, giving into one last impulse, hoping John left at least something behind of himself, something Sherlock could cling to and hold onto and remember him by.
"You… you want to do that?" Sherlock sounds incredulous and shocked and slightly pleased, lips parted in surprise, eyes wide and wondrous.
John throws up his hands in mock defense. "My bad," he says far too innocently. "I was just cheering on the champion."
John's thighs tremble slightly and a heavy exhaled breath whooshes against Sherlock's curls. He pulls off, not wanting to hurt John's oversensitive skin and glances up to find John watching him through slitted eyes, still breathing hard, entire round face red as a cherry. Sherlock realizes too late that come is dripping down his chin, and he swallows the remaining liquid in his mouth in one gulp, bringing the back of his hand up to swipe away the stray dribbles.
John glanced at him again but dropped the conversation, feeling his patience wearing thin. Mike had been pushy about attending this event, saying they needed to make new friends and have some fun. They only knew a handful of people in London, and Mike had decided he needed to blossom into the social butterfly of the city as he had been in high school. John was expected to participate in this as his sidekick.
"Sherlock!" John tried again but his sleepy body was not cooperating in pushing back against his Major.
An hour earlier, that wrinkled button-down fitting John Watson's slim torso so exquisitely had been flung over the back of Sherlock Holmes' desk chair.
Turning his head and pressing a kiss to John's neck and ear, Sherlock groaned heatedly as John's heels dug into his arse. "John," he breathed. "John I- Christ, I love you."
But John knows it's the right thing to do and he knows it's for the best and so he calms his body and his mind, dropping his head back to the pillow, resting his hands along Sherlock's cheeks and pulling back gently, desperate kisses waning away to soft tender touches, fingers calming from grabbing to caressing, bodies no longer rocking but settling gently together.
"Yes," Sherlock murmurs petulantly, though his grip tightens on John's shoulder blades and his hips tip gently upward.
And then it's a blur, clothes being torn from arms and legs, hair being gently pulled, tongues getting dirty sucks as they undress each other frantically, bodies twisting and pulling, desperate for skin against skin.
"You're all... serious," John says and Sherlock glances up to find that big brilliant smile gleaming at him in full force, all traces of frustration gone, just glimmering blue eyes and pretty white teeth beaming at him.
It's like a thick layer of ice has formed around his ankles, freezing him to the spot, not allowing him to move an inch, even as he feels hot breath on his neck, even as the snake slithers closer and wraps its words around him in a vice grip.
"Whatever he said to you… just, don't listen okay?" John prods gently, clearly unsatisfied with ending the conversation like this.
"Someone who is about to leave," Sherlock said urgently. "I'm busy right now, Lestrade. I'll call you-"
A shaky breath leaves the blond boy's mouth before he's able to speak again. "I… I want to… I want to take off your clothes."
Which is worthless when there is no previous experience to go off of. He curses himself for not having more knowledge on the mind field of dating. He's never gone out with anyone before. No one's ever asked, and he certainly hasn't put himself out there. He
In a few short months, after Sherlock graduates, after contracts end, after deals are signed, after summer begins, John is coming home to London.
," Sherlock barks, glaring at the cement disappearing beneath his feet, feeling the heat of fury burning the back of his neck at how absolutely petulant he sounds. This is what Mycroft and his large, meddling arse does to Sherlock. He forces him to act irrational. "It's
Sherlock slams his head back against the wall, his eyes sliding shut but it doesn’t keep him from complaining that John has once again over reacted about him trying to take things a bit too far on the dance floor. To be fair, they do have rules because Sherlock is Sherlock after all and
"What-" Sherlock clears his throat when the word comes out a whisper. "What are you going to do to me?"
He doesn't allow Sherlock the chance to respond before he's turning back around and limping to the fridge.
And it's completely ridiculous how badly Sherlock wants it. He wants people to see them, he wants people to know. He wants it so badly it aches. It's been five fucking days and it's all he can
He swallows several more times, reveling in the idea for a long moment before he remembers his original plan.
"Yeah," Sherlock murmurs back, pulling himself up and dropping his hips back down again, slowly stroking John's cock within his body. "Yeah, you?"
"I was trying to be considerate," Sherlock shoots back, lips twitching as he attempts to school them into angrily pursing. "Isn't that what people do in relationships?"
John harrumphed, actually harrumphed, and stuck his tongue in Sherlock's ear. "Doesn't that feel good, baby?"
Sherlock gulps, then gently shakes his head. "N-no… well I mean yes but I was hoping… you would… be willing to… go to the next step."
Even as he stands frozen in his shoes, Sherlock's libido seems to have no qualms about the temperature, beating a steady pulse in his belly with a casual but firm request for his cock to join in on the fun, the sight of his love adorned in uniform preparing for battle something his lower half cannot ever seem to resist no matter the time nor place nor circumstance, his fingers twitching in his pockets with the need to touch and grab and
All of this knowledge suddenly settled over John like a warm blanket and he smiled. John looked up into grey eyes and without speaking a word, told him everything. He trusted this man implicitly, and he was ready. So. Bloody. Ready.
"What are you talking about, Sherlock? I don't understand." John spoke softly as though he were taming a wild animal and Sherlock ran a hand through his hair in frustration. He turned his back, straightened his clothing as best he could and schooled his features. When he turned back, his cool demeanor was written all over his face. He saw John physically recoil.
And it certainly wasn't helping now that the normally chaotic, somewhat crazed, semi-stern Major was looking at him with such open curiosity, such abandon of his usual persona, it was… alarming in the way it affected John.
Until John seems to settle something internally, kicking his shoulders back a notch and nodding slightly to himself, his resolve evident in his sturdy features.
John pursed his lips, waited a beat, then decided a bold move might benefit him. He didn't want to be seduced. He didn't want Sherlock to drive him totally out of control to the point that he couldn't reciprocate properly and therefore be deemed a poor lover. He was so far gone already, so dizzy from the constant battle in his head the last five days, he needed to do something. He narrowed his eyes. Sherlock's denial was easy when John wasn't giving him a little nudge. How would he do when John was pushing a little bit more? He scooted closer to Sherlock and slid his hand onto Sherlock's thigh, slowly soothing it further between his legs. "I think you know," he murmured softly, leaning closer, "that I don't need seducing."
Punch him, ignore him, or feel sorry for him, those are the rules of Holmes the younger and John Watson chose door number three.
"That's not… it isn't - …speak for yourself," Sherlock tries to argue as heat rushes up the back of his neck, never able to keep his reactions under control when John talks to him like this and looks at him like this, his eyes unable to be anywhere but on John's lips, pink and shiny and right here, forming such sweet words and Sherlock just has to kiss him because what else can he do when he's stammering like a fool and John is showering him with such affection?
"Wow," John breathes. "I mean, that's pretty incredible. The way you sorted out all that with one look. Amazing, truly. What help was I ever as your partner?"
A very sober Mike was smirking as he leaned back against the bar, observing his two friends wobble on the barstools. "This is just a little bit pathetic, but I'm on board if it gets you out of your mope."
His ankle is in a cast and his jeans are rolled up to accommodate the thing and he looks utterly miserable.
"Kitchen," Victoria mouthed, nodding her head back down the hallway. He followed behind her silently.
"You're a Major," John said exasperatedly. "You are a superior officer and I am merely a cadet. There is a whole mess of problems with this."
It's the teasing that seems to settle the tension in the genius boy's shoulders, emotionless features giving way to a slacked jaw and an affectionate eye roll as Sherlock turns to follow Mike's tugging. "No lessons required, John Watson," he calls over his shoulder before turning fully and dropping a wink at his boyfriend. "I believe it is
, John had nodded very seriously, deep blue eyes locked with Sherlock's grey, grip firm and unquestioning. As if there was one thing John's young heart believed, it was that he and Sherlock would be the best of mates for the rest of their lives.
John had laughed because really there was no other response to the most gorgeous human being he'd ever laid eyes on not understanding why someone would want to date him.
delectable," Irene croons, a spark of mischief gleaming in her eyes. "Just because I have no interest in purchasing the rose doesn't mean I can't smell it."
John slowly approached the two feeling awfully unsure of himself, fully aware he was missing something vital but had no idea what it was.
John rubbed at the back of his neck, feeling anxious. He didn't want to talk. He'd made a fool of himself last night, then cried like some pathetic child to someone who he hardly could even call his friend any longer. He didn't want to make it worse. "Look, I don't know if you just feel bad because I yelled at you, or whatever, but I brought that shit on myself last night. I appreciate what you did and everything, but I know we're not exactly...friendly anymore so. You don't need to feel obligated to help me out when I make poor decisions just because you feel guilty."
He turns, fouette en tournant over and over, counting succinctly in his head, no music now, he doesn't need it, planning his next move into his switch split leap across the floor, in five six seven-
"Mmm," Sherlock hums under the attention drowsily, putting in minimal effort to return soft kisses but seeming happy just to be tended to, turning a bit further into John's space and cuddling close, basking in John's affection.
"It's nice to be out of the flat for a change," John says pleasantly. "My head gets a bit foggy being cooped up."
The genius swallows down a wave of worry and barrels on, wishing to get this over with, to see how John will react to him, deciding if it's bad, he can always call a cab back to the train station. He'll do whatever John wishes him to. He'll do right by his partner.
Sherlock is terrified to move a muscle. He doesn't even dare to blink. He doesn't dare to breathe. He watches, eyes wide and round, as John turns back to him.
"So," John says as he glances around his surroundings, hands settling on his knees. "What's all this about then?"
"J-John," Sherlock moans. His knees are spread as far as they can go. His cock slaps against his stomach with every thrust, brushing the sheets below him as it ricochets. "John I- fuck-"
His breath catches as John descends upon him, pulling him by his hips and crashing their mouths together.
John wishes he knew. He wishes he knew exactly what it is he is dealing with. He wishes he could understand why Sherlock seems to be blatantly avoiding him.
And that's about all he can take before Sherlock is desperately attempting to shut every sound around him from coming into his ears, but for some godforsaken reason he can't move because he's too bloody horrified that he's currently hearing his older brother having sex and it's too much, it's
Flushing from head to toe in the doorway, John's lips twitched, fighting the smile as Sherlock raised a victorious eyebrow. "Shut up." John attempted to glare, though the bit of heat lingering over the memory of that wonderful evening deterred it a bit.
Maybe it's an absurd reaction to have to John all dressed up, since, truthfully, Sherlock will take John Watson in any type of capacity. In sweats and a hoodie, in pants and a sleep shirt, in worn jeans and a graphic tee, in that
"Great lie, Molly," Sherlock snarks, flicking a thumb's up at her sarcastically. "Really well thought out."
Sherlock clears his throat. "You, uh... you kissed me. We got home and you said you were so thankful that we'd made it out alive and then you kissed me."
it was cold. He burst through the water, gasping and groaning and frantically splashing his way to the edge. Eels were somewhere nearby, he just
Sherlock just had an orgasm not three minutes previously. He may be young but biologically speaking, he must have a refractory period. He couldn't possibly come again right now.
"Harry says she remembers him clearly," John shrugs, sliding his finger along the condensation slipping down his glass, "but Harry is a notorious liar. And mum refuses to ever speak of him. We all act like he was never there to begin with so it's rather easy to forget."
And as John finishes folding his jersey and tossing it on top of the last neatly folded pile of laundry on his bed before pushing it all to the side and flopping down on his mattress, eliciting another giggle and fond headshake from the boy that lives with him, John can't help but feel an incredibly satisfying warmth spread out to his every limb, certain the feeling has made itself plain in the grin on his face but he simply cannot help it. Not when Sherlock catches the grin and returns it fully, pink cheeks darkening a shade, eyes crinkling adorably at the corners, light irises glittering in the soft afternoon light.
He was living off of the two hours he'd slept in total the previous two nights, body aching to sleep but finding no comfort when it did.
Sherlock takes them with a nod and hurries to the opposite side of the table and John can't help sending a soppy look in his roommate's direction as the genius boy takes to his important job of pouring beer in cups very seriously.
John gives Sherlock another sharp pinch, eliciting a yelp from the boy's mouth. "Cheeky git," John growls with a grin.
"Do you want me to stop?" Sherlock's velvety voice wafted its way into John's ear, the words falling out like liquid, the air that following them damp and devastating in their affects.
"But you have to promise me," John says between Sherlock's attacks on his lips. "You have to promise if you don't like something, you can say so. Alright?"
William looked properly reprimanded, searching the kitchen with much darker eyes then Victoria's, finally landing on John. And grinning so pleasantly, John felt himself moving toward him before he'd consciously made the decision to do so. "John Watson, I presume!" he said cheerfully, meeting John's hand with a firm shake. "Did you sleep well?"
that Sherlock didn't even think he was capable of. He had no idea that Sherlock's world was slowly becoming revolved around him entirely, that every moment they'd spent together had changed Sherlock in some fundamental way, so subtle that not even a genius could see it until it was broken, battered and sobbing into his chest. That an entire week away from this boy had left him lost and a little mad, following him around like some crazed stalker, determining his habits, hoping he'd yet again show up at his office, holding two coffees and grinning at the prospect of spending more time with Sherlock.
"So can I," Sherlock challenges, already moving to grab his bag, not sure why he's going along with this. But he'd rather go distract himself with science rather than sit here spinning his wheels over the boy who lives in his room. The boy who is currently running up and down a grass field, sweat dripping from his tanned skin in rivulets down his temples and neck-
"Me too," Sherlock replies just as gravelly, arms winding around John's neck and bringing him as close as he can. "I can't say the same for my poor pants though."
to have the entire school know you were mine. I just… I wish I knew why you don't want that. So, if one day, you-"
Once stocky and brawny and compact but fit, John now stood slender and thin. Too thin. Like his body had fed off his young muscles to keep itself alive and was now meekly nibbling away on his skin and bones. His swollen face was the only section of his body that resembled the old John, with the exception of the ugly colors it was taking on. The puffy bruises pushed his skin out, taking on the roundness his cheeks used to hold, minus the healthy, pleasant glow Sherlock used to always treasure. When they were younger, Sherlock had always thought of John as cherub-like, pink-cheeked and smiling, always so cheerful and full of laughter.
He had been hit before. Plenty of times during rugby, a couple late night bar brawls with Mike, and once or twice at home, but never had he been hit in quite that context. What a fucking idiot he had been. Agreeing to go somewhere with someone he didn't know in the state he was in? He'd promised Mike he'd be smart… and he'd done the exact opposite of being smart.
If Sherlock were being honest with himself, he could have stayed there all morning watching that shaggy blond head sleep, covers rising and falling so delicately with each breath sliding freely from soft parted lips.
"J-John. John! Oh-John, please, oh...guh-" Sherlock is tossing his head from side to side, babbling and thrusting and clutching desperately to John, puffing hot breaths against John's shoulder.
John falters on his next words, unsure how to proceed. "And… it's just- it just feels off. It was so simple last night and even this morning and now I'm not so sure."
"What I mean is," John tries again, scrubbing a hand down his face, "I don't… I don't want to say this to you in the middle of a heated moment. I want… I want to be in my right mind, and you to be in yours."
But he never had to. Because John never attempted to force anything from Sherlock. He simply responded and smiled and waited for the next personal inquiry that was absolutely none of Sherlock's business. He knew it was unfair, but John didn't seem to mind, and Sherlock selfishly allowed it to continue.
"And I thought John would have more intelligent friends, so clearly we were both wrong," Sherlock replied calmly.
As they got upstairs, John went to the kitchen and began banging around furiously, snapping open then slamming drawers and doors shut, flicking the kettle on with such vigor the pot wobbled on the stove.
"Oh!" Irene says from behind him, shuffling over to extend a hand. "Nice to meet you, Mycroft. I'm Irene. Irene Adler."
"Well that's because Mycroft is his brother," John dismisses, even as a prick of realization worms itself into his brain. "I'm his friend."
Silence falls between the two boys sitting at the front table at Angelo's and Sherlock has one brief moment of hope that John is missing the way the genius boy is essentially refusing to look at him, convinced if he does he'll do something reckless.
Flicking his eyebrows up, Greg shakes his head slightly as they round the corner of the pitch. "It's sad, right? Myc says no one understood him at that age; said kids couldn't wrap their small minds around his vast intelligence, or more likely didn't want to. I mean can you imagine Sherlock spouting off to some unassuming bloke about how he knew he'd cheated on his girlfriend based on the shirt he was wearing? Teenage boys wouldn't take kindly to that I don't think. Myc said there were lots of bloody noses and trips to the headmaster's office. He's his guardian, you know. They don't have parents."
Silence falls in the room as John holds himself completely still, tasting the entire length of Sherlock along his tongue and only just brushing the back of his throat before he has to pull back, dragging his mouth back up and finally Sherlock gasps like he'd been holding a breath for an age and John just has to look at him, has to see the look on his boyfriend's face.
Rolling his eyes at his ridiculous brother, Sherlock steps up and finds John right with him, settling in beside him and wrapping an arm around Sherlock's waist, pulling him close and angling them in a v-shape toward each other.
"Sherlock," John said sternly. He was fucking shaking in Sherlock's arms. How could this genius not know? "I'm in love with you. Please tell me you knew that."
John slapped a hand to his chest, sucking in a sharp breath. "Christ, you scared the hell out of me," he muttered.
Then glides his hands down over Sherlock's smooth skin to the backs of his thighs, bends at the knee and lifts in one swift motion, pulling Sherlock's legs over his hips as he cradles his arse in his hands, as though lifting Sherlock is the same as lifting a feather. Sherlock gasps, locking his limbs in place and holding on, heat pooling in his belly at the demonstration of strength and overwhelming desire he can't control. "John," he cries softly, burying his face in his neck. "I… I'm a little sore."
So he'd laid silent, pushing a hand against his heart in a weak attempt to keep it from shattering as John walked out his door.
"Mm," John replied meekly, eyelids drooping, wishing so much he could shove a muzzle onto Anderson's face to make him stop talking.
Oh god, he might be having a heart attack. Sherlock may be having some sort of heart malfunction as it speeds up in his chest, beating wildly while simultaneously bursting with so much joy it feels like he can't contain it.
"That's true. And besides," Mike had added, "he doesn't date. I've known him since primary school. He's never dated anyone. At all."
someone. He might laugh if it weren't so tragic. But maybe now he can get over this. Maybe now he can move on from his silly infatuation with a beautiful rugby player who would never have him in that capacity anyway. Maybe now he can stop thinking about his
Sherlock huffs, fingers now curving around John's waist, brushing thumbs along the edges of his boxer shorts. "You haven't seen what it's really like. The rugby lads-"
boy, he needs it like he needs air and he can't stop himself until he feels the blunt head of John's cock breaching his entrance.
Sherlock bucks forward involuntarily, still propped up on his hands and knees, pushing into John's fist, letting out a deep, guttural moan of unadulterated pleasure. He drops his forehead against John's shoulder, stars dancing behind his eyes, crying out softly as John runs a thumb over the head of his cock.
"Sherlock?" John froze on his knees, still completely naked, feeling oddly vulnerable as Sherlock yanked on his trousers. "Sherlock? Hey, where are you-"
And suddenly the calm in his gut swirls its way back up viciously, twisting and turning Sherlock's stomach and head and chest, winding him up tightly and sweeping him away in a harsh nausea spell.
But John cannot deny the fact that being that close to Sherlock, being in his personal space, holding him so close… it's done something to John's boundaries and, if his mind isn't playing tricks on him, he's positive that the same can be said for his genius dormmate.
to get them there, he shags them and leaves them. No phone numbers, no forwarding addresses. He loves to break hearts, he
John laughs. "I know." He closes the distance between them. "You just have to talk to me, okay? Just tell me what you want."
He catches his reflection for only a fraction of a second as he spins, turning and turning, eyeing his leotard-clad form with a critical eye, ensuring his posture is nothing other than perfection. Rehearsal ended about twenty minutes ago but Sherlock needs to practice. Sherlock needs to work.
John did his best not to look over the tall body in front of him and instead stared into the wall behind his head.
John's heart burst in his chest as Sherlock's eyes softened even further, his lips parting ever so slightly. He folded himself down over John, hovering on sweaty palms, and found his lips again. John hummed, threading his fingers through Sherlock's hair in encouragement.
Sherlock's face softened. "John," he murmured, sliding his hands up John's cheeks. "You are very important to me. This," he said, waving his hand between the two of them. "is important to me. I'd prefer not to bugger it up already." He offered a small smile.
Turns out, Sherlock just hadn't met those people yet. Those people who saw him as pitiful. As helpless.
Biting down on a heavy, exhausted sigh, John shrugs. "Not that I know of." He shouldn't be frustrated with Greg. The guy has no idea that John has been slowly going insane for an entire week, curiosity and frustration and concern all warring for dominance within him from all the possibilities as to why his roommate has not returned to their room during waking hours.
John swallowed around a stab of panic rising in his throat. "Listen, I don't really do the whole 'ruining someone' thing. I mean the guy is a prick but I wouldn't want to actually hurt anyone."
"Plotting murder against your kin is rather dull and predictable, wouldn't you say? A jealous young man throttling his much esteemed older sibling in cold-"
The blond boy rips his mouth free and for a split second Sherlock feels the sting of rejection begin to burn a hole in his chest before he realizes John hasn't gone far, instead planting open mouthed kisses to Sherlock's cheek and jawline, then burying his face in Sherlock's neck. "Christ," he breathes between gentle sucks and Sherlock grabs at him, one hand sliding into blond fringe and holding him to the bend where his shoulder and throat meet, moaning at every lick and every soft pinch of a bite. "Jesus, Sherlock."
"I suggest you stop speaking right this very minute," John spits venomously, turning his furious gaze to the newcomer. "Unless you'd like to end up in hospital."
The rugby player keens beneath him, only stoking the fire burning bright in Sherlock's lower region and Sherlock can't help his traveling tongue as it makes its way to one of John's perk little nipples and flicks against it, feeling the hard skin wiggle beneath his touch.
. The idea is preposterous, completely and utterly absurd and Sherlock is already berating himself for even thinking it at all because it's obviously not a thing that would ever happen.
This is so fucking embarrassing and so unbelievably arousing, sending mixed signals through his frame and his skin scalds where his thigh meets John's, the touch from the rugby player almost too much to bear as his hormones threaten to wage war against his saner judgements, drowning out any and all thoughts of
"Well, Harry's a bit-" John cut himself off as he just now was realizing the fact that Harry bloody Watson was drunkenly asleep in his flat all alone. His stomach rolled at the reminder.
"Martha Hudson," his mother replied, laying the dishes on the drying rack. "Her husband has been arrested on suspicion of cartel activity in Florida."
Sherlock Holmes with his beautiful ever-changing eyes and his thick, curling hair, and his abrasive, sassy, arrogant personality that made John's mouth drop open in shock and awe and amusement.
Sherlock wants to scream. He wants to yell and cry and shake John senseless until he remembers their life together and stops talking to Sherlock like they've just fucking met.
"Come for me," Sherlock breathed, wrapping a large hand around both their erections and pulling long, steady strokes. "Come all over me."
"Look, mate, I'm sorry," John started. "Victor and I… got into it a bit last week. He's just getting back at me for it. Don't worry about it, I'll get it sorted-"
Luckily, it usually didn't linger the entire day. Normally, John was able to burn the feeling out of him under the heated water and move on with his morning.
The tightness in Sherlock's chest begins to loosen slowly. "A-And Lestrade? And all the other workers? They stay to?"
Each stepping out of pooled trousers, John never took his hands, or lips, off of Sherlock as they stood together in only boxer briefs. John slid his hands down over the curve of Sherlock's arse, the soft silk of his boxers so smooth against his fingers. Sherlock groaned and pressed his hips harder against John, his straining erection hot and heavy against John's abdomen. John's own hard cock sat against Sherlock's thigh, gyrating subconsciously against the touch. They groaned into each other's mouths, pulling the other closer, chasing the friction created by their two bodies.
John was quicker, grasping desperately at the buttons of Sherlock's shirt, clawing them open in a rush, hands scrabbling for purchase on his bare skin. Sherlock assisted with the last few, tearing his shirt from his arms just in time to catch himself on his palms as John grabbed his shoulders and pulled him down. He hovered over John's half naked form, reaching for his soldier's lips, when John's calloused fingers wrapped around each of his nipples and pulled.
He tries not to smirk and fails. Sweet, clever Mrs. Hudson. Attempting to make the new bloke believe Sherlock is anything other than the obnoxious genius that he is.
He reaches for another page that had gone flying, when a hand lays over his on top of the paper and a body is suddenly crouching down next to him.
John beams at him. "Good. Besides, you're going to need a bodyguard incase this guy turns out to be a psycho."
John paused and waited a beat, trying to sort out exactly why his best friend was so unbelievably furious about being confused for his boyfriend. It wasn't like it was the first time this had ever happened. "What's the problem, Greg? Stuff like this has never bothered you before."
"Not a fan of Valentine's Day?" Sherlock bats his eyelashes stupidly as he says the title and John laughs, offering Sherlock a fond grin that definitely doesn't make the genius boy's heart stutter in his chest.
Because when John dared to look at Sherlock, dared to catch his eye, Sherlock's beautiful eyes seemed so… far away. Something like longing. Looking at John like he was some perfect being, some unattainable entity that Sherlock desperately wanted. John understood that look so well it ached to look directly at him.
He didn't want to run, god, he wanted to stay forever. Stay here and take care of this boy like he'd taken care of John so many times before.
"You and Mycroft came from your dad and I, and you both couldn't be more different then us if you tried," Victoria offered a small smile as she spoke.
Thank you for reading!! I still have love for this random story so I hope you enjoyed a little extra Drunk!John and let's hope that maybe a Drunk!Sherlock will be making a cameo soon… =)
"Tell me," Sherlock whispers back, laying soft, encouraging kisses at the corners of John's mouth, "Tell me what you want. We can… we can take it slow."
He heard a deep chuckle and John shivered, finally regaining his focus. He opened his eyes to find Sherlock smirking at him from where he sat at his desk chair. "Well?"
John rolled his eyes. The way Victor spoke made his skin crawl. It wasn't even natural. It was like he was forcing these sentences together, attempting to sound far more intelligent than he actually was. It was irritating to say the least, and John had had just about enough of it.
He toyed with the idea of just getting gloriously drunk when they got to the club and having to go home early instead. He groaned and kicked the covers from him, rolling off the bed and staggering to his dresser, pulling out his running clothes and tossing them on the bed. A run would clear his head, he was sure of it.
. And John has no business taking up every night of his week with forced feedings and questions and, god help him,
Sherlock leaned against the doorway, arms crossed at his chest, legs crossed at the ankle as he watched his mother and the love of his life talk animatedly to each other in the drawing room. His mother noticed him because well, of course she noticed him, but John remained oblivious, deep in conversation as though these may be the most important words he would ever speak.
A man John had been mad about for months finally told him he was interested, kissed him soundly, made him breakfast, exchanged a few chaste touches, and then informed him he wanted to court John. Court him. Like they were living in the fucking Victorian Age.
-week for you, Johnny Boy?" Mike calls back, promptly falling into laughter at his own joke, smacking a palm against the door. "God, I'm funny."
"Oh," Sherlock mumbles twisting his fingers behind his back and dropping his gaze to the floor, fear and panic riddling his thoughts into gibberish. He can't deduce these boys. They won't like it. No one likes his deductions. Except John. But John is
bad at this event for John to look so torn about being involved with him for it. "I thought I'd actually-"
get in cars with strangers?" His voice was shrill with panic, feeling as though he were trapped, his fragile emotional state surging him into unstable territory.
John resists the urge to laugh and turns back to the elder Holmes, who is looking between the two of them with a mix of curiosity and confusion.
"I'm fine," Sherlock replies, the bitterness in his voice easing only slightly, although he's also a bit irritated with John and isn't too pleased for him to be out here, running to his rescue like some…
And the comprehension of the truth threatens to tear his fragile world right down to the ground in one go as understanding dawns on him like a freezing London morning, shocking him right into place and leaving him there.
"Alright John, you can sleep here but please, for the love of God, will you shut up and stop grabbing at me?"
they aren't going away any time soon," Sherlock glares up at John, though the rugby player doesn't miss the glimmer of mirth dancing along the lines of his eyes. "You might as well get up and go."
"I have no idea," John had started laughing, grinning happily at Sherlock. "God, you're incredible."
"I have no plan," John grumbled. "I just have weird moments and confusing interactions and a whole mess of unknowns."
, the very real threat of Victor fucking Trevor lingering over his relationship with Sherlock Holmes and every fiber of his being screaming for him to dive into action, to glue himself to Sherlock's side, to hold the genius boy to his chest and only let go to long enough to beat Victor to a bloody pulp while spewing vicious, violent threats about him ever coming near Sherlock Holmes again.
Victoria laughed. "Very well. See you in a bit. Oh, and it's Victoria, not Mrs. Holmes." She winked at him and he grinned before being pulled back down the hallway by Sherlock.
And it's like being stuck in some awful limbo, the moment stretching out and almost landing in awkward territory, almost forcing Sherlock to fidget under the stare of his flatmate, and he's unsure what to do with himself.
"God, you're gorgeous," John murmured, biting his lobe and sucking it between his teeth. His fingers began trailing up Sherlock's leg. Sherlock laid his hand over top of it.
Shifting upward and creating a bit of space between them, John reaches down slowly, gliding a slick hand along Sherlock's aching erection, passing along his balls and finding the puckered skin between his arsecheeks.
Sherlock swallows hard, glancing downward to end the humiliation, when his mind finally clicks into place.
Tossing one last knowing, humorous smile, Greg shakes his head. "Ah... he's a bit… well, you'll just have to wait and see, now won't you? Come on guys, let's warm up!"
"I have this period free," John tries slowly, looking at Sherlock like he's not sure he'll fully understand.
John only just realized his own eyes had closed, the brush of Sherlock's curls against his own shorter fringe setting off a series of tingles, starting at the point of contact and sliding down his neck, spreading to every nerve ending like a cool wind, making the tiny hairs on every inch of his body stand on end.
The final whistle blows, tearing Sherlock from his reverie, and he slips back into the shadows, going unnoticed as the crowd files out. He doesn't need anyone to see the nerdy boy with the giant glasses attending a social event that he certainly doesn't belong at.
"That can't be accurate," Sherlock argues breathlessly, curls no longer curling as they flatten wetly against his forehead, the grin on his face shining like the sun. "You're a uni student. Surely you've done more ridiculous things than run through a rainstorm."
Sherlock goes from shocked to horrified in two seconds. "John!" he murmurs but the crowd is laughing and John is smirking.
John thought that over then smiled. "You take such good care of me Mikey. You're my best friend. Did you know that? My best friend in the whole
Those gorgeous eyes, the ones that made John's breath catch, the ones that changed colors in that ethereal way that they did, the ones that first drew John to this beautiful creature known at Sherlock Holmes, were brimming with miserable tears, staring fixedly on a point behind John's head.
Victor's eyes immediately widen with concern, sweeping all over the curly-haired boy's frame, brows creasing worriedly as he beckons Sherlock into the house. "You look like… did you run here?"
He could feel his adrenaline pumping in his ears as he hustled after Sherlock, ducking behind buildings and crossing streets, blindly stumbling along, guided only by the slender figure in front of him. John wondered if he was just simply following Sherlock home, and tried not to laugh. Maybe the man was just going in for the night. So John would find out where he lived. And then what? Show up on his doorstep like some poor sod looking for company? This felt more and more idiotic as he crept along behind those dark curls that seemed to be haunting him.
He rolls to the side and eyes the bed sitting only two meters at most across the room from his own. He clenches his jaw, ignoring the telling roll of anxiety coursing through his insides at who could possibly be the boy to occupy that bed for the remainder of the school year.
John's hand trails up one of his thighs, tugging it down from his shoulder to the side of his torso, pressing the muscle with his calloused fingers into his hip, gliding himself deeper into Sherlock. "And I love you," John breathes against his lips, slowing his thrusts to long, deep rolls of his hips. "I love you, baby."
Balthazar gallops with practiced ease out to their usual spot, and Sherlock is surprised to see John already there, still perched on Dolly.
As far as Sherlock is concerned, Irene drugged him. Somehow, someway, Irene had made him drink something or eat something or stabbed him with a syringe full of
, really, more information on everything. Simple things fascinated me when I was small, like how the microwave heated food or how the toaster knew exactly when the bread would be the perfect golden brown. Stupid, really, but you may forgive me for my underdeveloped brain at the time."
The journey to the bed is a very slow, very careful one. Sherlock's big hand is wrapped snuggly around the base of John's neck, the other wound around John's hips, securing him safely and unbearably closely, their erections brushing together every step of the way, damp skin sliding together in a way that makes Sherlock shiver all over but, dammit, they need to be
Sherlock had actually not really wanted to attend but it was something he simply couldn't get out of it. He couldn't say no to brilliant cobalt eyes staring up at him hopefully, promising lots of Beer Pong and lots of snogging after if Sherlock wins for the rugby player and how could Sherlock say no to that round precious face?
"Well when a mysterious man invites me into his car, yes I believe I do get a bit curious and unsettled," John spat back.
"Not in a million years will I ever let you lay a hand on me," Sherlock murmurs, even if the conviction of the words are hindered by the shakiness of them.
"Mm," Sherlock replied, swirling his tongue against John's neck. "I think of you when I'm up there."
"Me either," Sherlock agrees, curling fingers into John's fringe as he drops damp kisses to his jaw. "But I like it when you touch me. You can always touch me, John."
"Me either," Sherlock counters, giving back as good as he's getting, body going pliant in John's arms. He knows he shouldn't say that, he knows he should be sorry, but right now he's very much
"I am not!" The boy identified as Paul cries indignantly, cheeks reddening as his eyes widen, though the corners of his lips are tugging up at the corners.
Laughter slowly waning, Greg shakes his head. "No, you wouldn't. We're a team, John. We're all here for each other."
Sherlock resists the urge to roll his eyes. It's easy to do since the next thing that rolls through him is panic.
Sherlock tugs the elastic down to John's knees in one swift motion, before promptly turning away, busying himself with checking the heat of the shower spray, dipping his hand behind the curtain to feel the warm spray along his fingers. He can feel John shuffling behind him and before any concerns can be raised, Sherlock is shedding his wet clothing as quickly as possible before offering a grin over his shoulder, not allowing himself to take in the naked boy behind him fully before turning back. "You coming?" he asks brazenly even as his cheeks turn dark red at the sight of his boyfriend's mouth open and gaping at him, before he hops in over the lip of the tub, giddy with the boldness John's support gives him.
at the sight, his own cock jumping in his pants and throbbing in sympathy, the cut and shape of every inch of Sherlock's body so exquisite it should be illegal, every line and dip seemingly placed strategically to send every nerve in John's body into a scattered mess, heating themselves to unhealthy temperatures and begging to be pressed against this gorgeous boy immediately.
To conquer this... whatever this is, he needed the data to determine exactly why he'd reacted that way and how to overcome it. He needs to know exactly what it is he's dealing with.
He'd learned his lesson so many years ago, the first semester in school, the very first day. One of John's precious text messages had just arrived, words of love and adoration scrawled across the screen as they embarked on their separate journeys, vowing to keep the other involved as much as possible. Giddy with happiness and anxious in a new environment, Sherlock had barely registered an older boy dropping down next to him in his lecture hall, grinning from ear to ear and introducing himself as Sebastian Wilkes, Seb for short.
When they were younger, Sherlock had appreciated this trait in John. Now, he found it unbelievably infuriating. It made him sick to think one character flaw of John's may have been exactly what started the spiral to ending in a situation like this.
A zip of worry had raced its way down John's spine at the sight of the Sherlock-less space, before he went about packing his overnight bag,
"You know what I mean, Sherlock. I know this is all new for you. But I think you should tell him exactly how you feel. I've got a sneaky feeling that he will understand."
His body is still tingling from those incredible sixty minutes of snogging Sherlock Holmes, his entire frame still vibrating from how soft Sherlock's plump, delectable lips were, how unbelievably sexy the quiet noises he made while kissing John were, how seamlessly they fit together. It had been so unbelievably
He's grabbing at John's silky hair and pawing at his back and doing his best to fight with his tongue. He's so focused on the skill of his mouth, he hardly notices John's fingers pushing up his shirt and then resting on his trouser button.
He simply continues those long, heated pulls, licking and sucking and swallowing and Sherlock shoves a fist in his mouth as he screams his orgasm.
Mike held up his hands in a defensive position. "Woah, sorry mum, didn't know you were the attendance police. I won't do it again, I swear."
." He's not sure why he's begging but god, it feels too good. He knows he won't last. He's panicking.
He curses himself and this newcomer for showing up at random and giving Sherlock no time to be in position. To be facing the door at least. Now he's got the upper hand and Sherlock is caught on his heels.
"Oh," Sherlock quickly races through his mind for something adequate to say, realizing the only thing he's picked up about rugby during the last two hours is how damn good John Watson looks playing it. "Um, it was… interesting."
And to John's great irritation, Paul seems to agree. "Shit, I think she's right, Johnny. We need to be careful. I don't know what Victor's game is but he's got his sights set on Sherlock and I am
"Oh I'm sure," John growled, descending his lips upon Sherlock's long neck. "Christ, I'm sure." His fingers found the back of Sherlock's head, holding him close as he sucked and kneaded his teeth into the smooth skin at the base of his throat.
"That we'll make it work," John cuts him off, grabbing his flailing hands and lacing their fingers. "I don't care how far apart we are."
Sherlock dropped his hips, rolling his trouser-clothed cock against John's still boxer clad thighs, drawing a gasp from John's mouth. He licked another strip over John's other nipple, then made his way up his neck, breathing wet heat into his ear. "Better?" he murmured and John tossed his head, the sensation of Sherlock's lips against his sensitive ear throwing him into overdrive. He turned his head and caught those delicious lips in a searing kiss. His hands were grasping at Sherlock's waist, yanking him harder down against him, not getting nearly enough, begging Sherlock with his hands to give him more. Sherlock continued his slow rut, clearly intending to drive John mad.
"Well, fancy meeting you here," Greg teases, dropping a wink at his boyfriend as he reaches for him, lacing his fingers with Mycroft's and planting a kiss on his cheek.
A pink tongue sneaks out from between cupid's bowed lips to trace a concentration pattern, Sherlock's laser focus never wavering as he observes and exams and
Because this what happened to him now. Whenever Sherlock said something kind, or did something nice or bloody
Energy thrums in his veins, the shock and panic and worry of the evening heightening his adrenaline for so long with nowhere for the excess to go, leaving him feeling high strung and tightly wound like a rubber band ready to snap in half, the slowness in their movements intensifying his every emotion and every nerve, his body becoming a live wire reacting to every little touch and the way John's hands begin to race all along his back and shoulders, Sherlock has a sneaky feeling his lover is in the exact same boat, slow caresses building on each other until slow is no longer doing it for either of them, need winding them together restlessly, the nude snogging session in a warm shower just not quiet enough for either one of their sensitive bodies.
"Ah, of course," Sherlock responded coolly, as though John weren't currently shaking in front of him. "The alcoholic sister I presume? So nice to finally make your acquaintance, Harriet."
It was a little warped, but truthfully, Sherlock didn't want to know the real John. He didn't want to know that he was just another dumb, cruel, irritating jock with a head full of air and a mean fist.
By the bonfire late that night, John is vibrating like a jumping bean, bouncing on the balls of his toes in anticipation.
"Hey, listen," Mike continues, ignoring the moment and Sherlock appreciates him very much for it. "You should come to the game on Saturday. It's at home."
Chuckling, John gives him a gentle smack on the arse. "Go on without me, yeah? I'll get myself ready and meet you downstairs in a bit."
"Something warm," John decides and Sherlock absently smirks inwardly at the fact that he'd been right.
"I need you," Sherlock murmured, dropping gentle kisses to his forehead. "More than you've ever needed me. Please know that."
He yanked open the fridge and huffed in frustration as he glared at the eggs and milk that stared back at him. "Why do we not have any fucking alcohol in this place?" he muttered to himself.
The five boys curl in on themselves slightly, suddenly seeming so small and pathetic compared to the moments they towered over Sherlock with sneers on their lips and nasty nicknames falling out of their mouths.
In hindsight, maybe Sherlock's life did seem fantastical to an outsider. Maybe having a partner that had a real shot at making a nationally recognized sports team did seem unbelievable. Maybe a younger boy exclaiming the story with such fervor as Sherlock had made it impossible to accept.
Sherlock's hands came to John's cheeks, desperate to warm the pink out of them and bent his head just enough to capture John's lips with his own. He pressed delicately, feeling how soft they were, exactly like John's lips should feel, brushing over them, caressing them against his own. He took a step closer, pulling John to him as he pressed his lips a bit harder now, slotting John's bottom lip between them and tugging gently. John moaned softly and Sherlock took the opportunity to pry his lips apart, running his tongue across the bottom until he could delve inside, sweeping across John's own tentative tongue and stroking against it, eliciting the softest of sounds from John's lips.
The simple notion of knowing John was being touched by someone else, even just innocent hand-holding cut Sherlock to the bone, and the fact that he was well aware they were currently on their way to doing more was so horrifying it made Sherlock physically shake with pain. He shuddered. Mike was right, it wasn't Sherlock's place to be worried.
His mother gives him an out. "Just something to think about," she murmurs. Then goes back to reading her paper.
"That," John says, snaking his hand down to grip Sherlock's rapidly filling cock, "won't be an issue."
"Jesus, everything on this menu looks delicious," John hums, skimming down the page in his hand before flipping it over. "How'd you even find this place?"
"You are not a nobody, Sherlock Holmes," John growls, biting down on Sherlock's bottom lip. "Don't you ever say that again."
"I'll go on telling you what a naughty, filthy boy you are because I can tell how much you like it. How you get off on it."
"I'm so sorry," Sherlock murmurs and if it comes out rather unsteady, John is kind enough not to mention it.
His clothes from the night before were gone. John would have flushed if his skin weren't already burning from the heat as he realized Sherlock had snuck into the bathroom while he was showering. Well, apparently going home right this minute was out of the question. He was certainly not going to walk home in pajamas. After toweling off and dressing ridiculously in Sherlock's oversized sweatpants and almost too tight shirt, John gathered his bearings and wandered to the kitchen.
Of course Sherlock would be there. He was in Sherlock's flat. Jesus. He needed to get it together. He was losing it.
He'd only worry and feel guilty and who would that be helping? No, John needs to be focusing on rugby. John needs to be focusing on his own success. John does not need to be worrying about Sherlock.
The soft glow creeping in through the slats of the shades hanging down over his bedroom window is not the yellow warmth of the sun rising. Blinking open and rubbing at his sleepy eyes, Sherlock yawns extravagantly, body still tingling happily from the activities he'd engaged in all night long, the memories already flooding back in and reminding him exactly who the contented weight is beside him in his bed. He rolls over, snuggling just a bit closer to the blond head buried deep in the pillow, one strong arm slung over Sherlock's chest, legs tangled in a messy twist beneath the covers. The room sits in a low, colorless light, mixing the pale lights hanging along the window frame and the bright white coming in through the shades.
John is looking for someone. Obviously someone who came here to see him play. Probably a girl. John has lots of girlfriends. It hasn't skipped Sherlock's notice. He bites his lip, watching as John continues his search, wanting desperately to know just whom John is searching out and why it hurts Sherlock's heart so much.
Sherlock dove out of the cab and John hurried after, willing his lower half to calm the fuck down and his brain to focus on normal things like walking and speaking.
Sherlock can't think. Which is made worse when John's lips trail along his collarbone, licking along the dip between shoulder and bone. "John," he gasps, a plea twisting with concern, want battling for dominance over need.
They sat in silence for a moment as Sherlock dropped to a chair and began busying himself with items on the vanity in front of him. He wore a pair of grey sweatpants, apparently having changed out of his stage trousers, although he still had the tank top on, an unzipped hooded sweatshirt hanging loosely off his shoulders.
And frankly, it's killing John not to make some sort of move because the tension he feels crackling in the room every single night is driving him a bit mad. What that move would be though, he has no bloody idea. John has never approached a boy before. He's fantasized, sure. Dreamed, of course. Considered all different types of scenarios where he had the guts to do it, absolutely.
"Alright, that's it for today," Sherlock said with a flick of his hand as Sally sat back in her chair with an indignant huff. "Off you go."
"John," is Sherlock's wrecked reply, his body doing just as much work as John thrusts up against him. "Can... oh fuck- can you come? Like this?"
As he watches his hand shake reaching for another sample, his stomach swoops in panic at the sound of footsteps.
If John Watson didn't know any better, didn't know the quietly wanting boy before him, didn't know the tender yet guarded heart beneath that narrow but solid chest currently begging for his attention, he may have taken pause. He may have stopped, taken a breath, double checked if all was okay, if Sherlock was certain. He may have stepped away, maybe even left the room, let them both think this through before moving forward, chosen his next move very carefully.
"Alright," Victoria said in a normal tone of voice as Sherlock slumped into one of the barstools at the counter in the large kitchen. "First of all, is he alright?"
"Okay," Sherlock agrees breathily though his gaze has seemed to have gone a bit hazy as his eyelids hang heavy, his lips parting at their own accord, seemingly mesmerized by John touching him like this, tending to him delicately, tangled up in the sheets of their now shared bed, the intimacy of the moment enveloping them both.
"Jesus-Sherlock?" John blinked several times, unsure if he was actually seeing him or dreaming as he tried unsuccessfully to detangle himself from the sheets. He shook his head, another mistake, and groaned, placing his hand on his head. "What is going on?"
John prods his finger in and out, back and forth, and just as Sherlock is getting used to it, he feels a stretch as a second finger slides in next to the first.
The days that followed were perfectly coordinated. They met up for meals, in-between classes and walked each other home. But neither one of them asked the other one in and no one pushed the issue. They couldn't be alone in a flat together. If they had, the plan of going slow would have essentially been taken out back and been shot. No, slow was good. Slow was necessary.
"I… I know it's a bit much," he ventures, shifting uncomfortably on the couch, "and I know you have a laptop and all that but I just thought… well, that this might be nice for you to keep thoughts and things in. I mean you did say you wanted to start a blog, although I'm aware now that maybe you'd rather type and not write so I understand if-"
Sherlock's grip loosened and John scrambled to swim, to move his arms and legs and kick to the surface because
"Yes," Sherlock practically sobs, hands scrabbling for purchase along John's back, almost panic stricken at the rush of ecstasy pooling in his lower belly. "Ah- ah – I – John-"
"Oh, you couldn't have stopped that had your life depended on it," Sherlock mutters, turning back to his laptop. "No one can keep Mycroft from acting like a-"
to be. He can't be having these urges to hold and caress and protect because he has no right and because that isn't what Sherlock needs right now. The boy is almost totally alone in this world and he needs a friend. John needs to be there for him.
John's eyes widened and he paused for a moment before nodding. Sherlock wanted to laugh but John's blown pupils made him stop short. John slid his hand down Sherlock's arm and intertwined their fingers. Sherlock let himself smile as he turned back to the curb to hail a taxi.
"Harder," Sherlock demands, dropping his head back as John gasps. He can feel the ends of his curls brushing John's face. "Fuck me har- AH!"
"I'm not jealous," John attempts to argue, the monster in his chest calming down under the soft touches, rationality making a valiant effort to take back over.
Snorting, John tosses his mobile into his bag and jogs out toward them, finding he's still unable to fight the grin. "Bugger off," he laughs, "I was just finishing a text."
"Next time, you'll know better," John raises a teasing eyebrow and relents into a deep, healthy snog, snuggling his hips down between Sherlock's thighs and settling in. Knees pull up and bracket his waist and John reaches down to wrap his arms around the boy beneath him going a bit rough around the words as he tugs Sherlock's bottom lip between his teeth.
John sighed and patted Sherlock's back, gently laying him down on his bed. "I did mean it," John tried again. "But I won't take advantage of you.
To his relief, Sherlock took off toward his office with a small nod to his new companion, and Victor, after offering a disgustingly sweet smile, made his own way to his new desk.
She nods, still staring into her lap. "He just... has a tough time at school. He's brilliant, really truly brilliant and some kids... they don't like it. He takes a lot of shit and he doesn't deserve it. Not any of it. People just don't... they don't understand him." She glances up and narrows her eyes at both Greg and John. "So I'm counting on both of you this summer to treat him well, okay? You two run this place for the most part and I want him to... have that experience I guess. Show him what it's like to be...well-liked. Not have to worry about being knocked around. Yeah?"
Digging his hands into his pockets and dropping eye contact in favor of glancing around the rest of the immediate area, John looks positively enchanted. "It is gorgeous in here," he murmurs softly, lips parting in awe of every detail Sherlock is certain his mother put hours of effort into. "I mean this place is huge but it also feels so… cozy. It's nice."
John's eyebrows shot up immediately. It had been a long time since Greg had fancied anyone. "Really?"
He's never seen anything like this before; young men enjoying the company of each other, no ulterior motives, no one attempting to dominate the others, no one putting anyone down, no one purposefully hurting anyone. Every single one of them has a grin on their face and a ready laugh, all clearly enjoying their time together. It's fascinating.
"Uh-" Sherlock clears his throat and moves away again, reaching forward and settling his body further down the sofa as he rocks back with his bag in hand, shoving his hand down the flap to appear to be rummaging for something, attempting to distract himself from severely snapping. "Seriously, nothing is wrong. Shall we-"
It's almost impossible to believe but it's the truth. He sweeps his hands through his hair as he revels in his happiness, doing a small spin on his toes, tiny thrills trailing all over his body, mind racing with excitement and passion and so much love for John Watson he could cry. He loves John Watson. He's in love with John Watson.
"Or look," John growls, "No looking at anyone else either. No talking or looking. No… no doing anything."
"To be fair, he's right," the unfamiliar voice says with a small chuckle. "This place is definitely not a flat."
John frowns. "Uh…studying?" He says with a furrowed brow like that should be the most obvious thing in the world.
"Yes, Sherlock?" John releases him and hovers above him, blinking innocently down into the boy's wide eyes. "What is it?"
"That's it, that's perfect, love," John encourages, matching Sherlock's speed thrust for thrust, head tipped back to watch his lover practically bounce on his cock. "God you are gorgeous like this, there you go."
"Is this a thing with you, not wearing a coat?" John asks, cocking his head pointedly at the jacket hanging off the hook of Sherlock's closet.
The pinch of Sherlock's brow forms a little crease between his eyebrows, his full lower lip extends outward just a bit and his body slumps slightly, sulking in full force now like his favorite toy has just been taken from him. "John-" he tries to argue but the blond boy is way ahead of him.
"You… you solved the case," John breathed in wonderment. "Wow. You solved it. In like, what, an hour? How?"
"Will you please go talk to your boyfriend?" Molly asks as she sits heavily into her usual seat at dinner. "He's sulking out in the meadow."
Another finger inserts itself next to the first and then another and before Sherlock can announce his impending orgasm all touches of his body come to an abrupt halt. He whimpers into the sheets, snapping his teeth closed around his skin to suppress the begging his body is attempting to force out of him, wanting so badly to implore John into fucking him into the mattress.
"God, yes," Sherlock replies shamelessly, because he really is. He's perfectly content. "That was… God, John, that was…"
Besides, Victor Trevor still haunts the shadows of this campus and John truly has no idea what that prick is capable of but what he does know is if Victor lays a single fucking finger on Sherlock Holmes John is going to
"Sherlock!" Greg barks, beating John to the punch spectacularly, turning to smile smugly at the blond boy.
"I'm disappointed in you, Sherlock," he says as he walks out the front door. "I thought you'd try harder to save your marriage."
forearm. "Hold on if you need to," John breathes beside him, still close, still soft and gentle and caring.
"Come here," John is growling in his ear and Sherlock's eyes widen, realizing the captain of the rugby team is dragging him across the dance floor.
"Fuck," John bites out, thrusting against Sherlock's arse. "Oh baby… not yet. N-Not… Our friends will never let us live it down if we leave now."
Sherlock's dirty talk will need a little work but that was something John would very much enjoy teaching him.
Cheeks heating a bit at the tenderness in John's voice, Sherlock watches raptly as a new inch of John's golden skin is revealed, rugby muscles accented gorgeously in the soft glow of the twinkling lights. John's body is utter perfection, all hard lines and fit edges. Sherlock would like to run his tongue along each crevice and find out how each one tastes. He bites down on his lip as he reaches a hand out to touch the perfect line running down John's stomach, fingers quavering at the first bump of a ripped muscle. A sharp inhale catches his attention before he can begin to count the pack of six, squared and columned just above John's waistline and he glances upward.
"It-it's not mine," he says hastily. "It…I don't know, must have gotten dropped in my locker on accident."
And goes back to snogging him with a passion, because for some unknown, unexplainable reason, Sherlock trusts John.
John raised his head from where it had been buried in his hands to stare up at the coffee shop barista and incidentally his friend, Molly Hooper.
John's cheeks must be on fire by now as he looked down at his hands. He couldn't keep a stupid smile from spreading across his face and he felt himself nod. "I-yeah. Yeah I do," he all but whispered.
Which was why he was absolute pants at advice on the Sherlock situation, going the avoidance route instead, hence the offering of beers.
John was on his feet before he could think, abandoning his untouched drink and taking off toward the door marked Employees Only around the side of the stage. He pushed it open, having no idea why he desperately needed to see Sherlock, needed to tell him he was here, as he ran straight into a large, bald-headed man.
"That's fine," Sherlock whispers, stealing another kiss and not letting go of John's hips. "Sod dinner. We can order delivery."
It's stunning the way their bodies move together, meeting and tensing and rolling like they'd been meant to do this all along, lips never touching as they breath each other in, the centimeters between their mouths filled with scorching breaths and damp heat, and Sherlock can feel it all along his body, feel the air that John breathes into his lungs, feel the tidal wave of pleasure engulf him as John guides him carefully into bliss.
Eyes darting around him toward the sounds of bodies shuffling around the kitchen, John grins. "Well?" he says, glancing back to Sherlock with a raised brow, "Shall we?"
The knocks his knuckles produce are loud in the empty corridor and startles the genius boy slightly out of his swirling thoughts. He barely has time to suck in any air at all before the door is swinging open.
," Greg Lestrade barks out on a tight breath as he shuffles across the space between John's legs and Mycroft's umbrella, "nope nope
Sherlock whirled around, having just about enough of this. "Yes you do," Sherlock threw back, standing his ground and staring down the man on the couch that had aged ten years since the last time he'd seen him.
"John," Sherlock whispers and descends upon the rugby player, arms bending to plant elbows on John's pillow for closer access, lips locking over and over again, both of them gasping like they hadn't kissed in months when it's been mere hours, John's hands finding their way into curls and down Sherlock's back, stroking down his flanks and back up, desperate to touch every inch of the beautiful body against him.
John fumbles for a moment longer before rocketing himself at the window, throwing it open and practically diving out.
All wasn't right when John made his way to the dining hall for breakfast alone, no mad genius babbling away in his ear about god knows what.
Tonight, however, was the first night he felt a bit guilty about it. Because while she was distracted by him, he was distracted by the fit young man in the hallway, currently waiting for Sherlock. Poor Molly. She never had a fighting chance. Sherlock Holmes was already taken.
"Oh f-fuh-" was all John could get out before his own orgasm tore through him, his body shuddering through his release, the sight of Sherlock Holmes coming heightening his pleasure all the more. "Christ, Sherlock," he muttered, twitching through the sparks and tingles, eyes locked on the boy below him still gasping and panting to recovery.
So he will take this. He will take tonight and any other secret rendezvous behind closed doors until one day John tires of the whole thing, because that's the only logical way this will end; with Sherlock's heart in pieces and John walking away scot-free.
," Sherlock barks, buying absolutely none of the 'just looking out for baby brother' bullshit Holmes the elder is so fond of. "You're just a nosey prick of a brother is all it is and you have no
Biting harshly at his lower lip in an attempt to quell the ridiculously soppy look on his face, John steps a little closer to his partner, unable to keep his heart from filling up with complete and utter adoration ready to burst with so much affection for this boy he can hardly stand it. "Sherlock," he tries again as he gets closer, secretly hoping for push back again, the little game he loves to play with his stubborn boyfriend in full swing now.
Pressing the heels of his hands into his eyes, John sighs heavily as the weight of reality settles onto his shoulders. "How does he not see it?" he mumbles, shaking his head before looking up at his Captain. "Sherlock is the smartest person I have ever met. And yet, he doesn't
But John had not laughed. John had barely dared to breathe. He'd just nodded dumbly and gotten the hell out of there.
"Why, hello there!" Mrs. Hudson's flowery words fill the room as she hurries over to the new arrival. "You must be Sherlock's new flatmate!"
and Sherlock can’t think straight as John fingers him slow and soft, loosening his already lax opening and taking his sweet fucking time, tugging Sherlock’s curls within his grasp as he drives his finger into him but Christ it’s not enough and Sherlock
"Lestrade said you looked a little shaken afterward," John replies softly, staring at Sherlock with all the soft tenderness of a good friend.
But that first day? Oh, that first day had been all magic and wonder and exciting anticipation and lovely, really and truly lovely. A few hours after he'd left his flat, John received his first text message from Sherlock Holmes. And it was a good one.
"What's the matter?" the curly-haired boy ventures, still holding fast to John's shirt, unwilling to let go at this point, though a cool wave of panic is slowly rolling through him. "Do you… do you not want this? I… I mean I know last night you didn't want to… I mean you left after a pretty charged moment and…"
speak," Sherlock spat with so much venom, he could see the man's body trying to recoil in fear. "Now listen to me very carefully. You will not lay another finger on him. Ever. If you ever see him again, turn around and walk the other way. If you so much as look at him for too long, I will not hesitate to end your life. Are we clear?"
, John scolds himself internally, biting down hard on his lip to suppress the moan that's threatening to escape his mouth as Sherlock takes a rather deep breath, pushing his belly into John's erection and making the blond boy squirm-
Scrubbing a hand through his hair and glancing away as his teeth gnaw at his lower lip, Victor looks a bit nervous, his eyes looking everywhere but at Sherlock, shoving his fidgeting hands into his pockets and taking a breath. "Listen, I uh… I really would like to pass Chemistry with flying colors and I don't see how I'm going to do that on my own." He rubs a hand along the back of his neck and Sherlock is just about to get a little snappish to hurry this conversation along because there is a gorgeous rugby player just around the corner waiting for Sherlock's eager eyes when finally Victor glances up and looks straight at him. "Sherlock, will you tutor me? In Chemistry, I mean?"
"Is fine," John whispers as he delves his tongue back into Sherlock's mouth, twirling them together until he can pull a moan from the genius boy's throat. "Just can't lay on my left side is all."
Sherlock turned back to him quickly, his brow wrinkling in confusion. "Of course you do. I thought that were fairly obvious."
. "Well, um wh-why don't you uh- hang tight for a second, yeah? Let me call Paul and see if he's around." John lunges for his mobile on his desk, swiping it open and scrolling through his contacts before tapping Paul's name quickly.
They've hardly interacted at school. It's not intentional, they just don't have any classes together and have two different lunch periods. It's unpleasant and only festers Sherlock's curiosity as to if they are keeping this whole affair between them a secret, but he's bit his tongue thus far. He doesn't think he wants to hear the answer and things have been going so well.
Tiny flares crackle at the base of his spine as John's cock, hard against the zip of his trousers meets Sherlock's equally aching erection. He hasn't properly thought this through, hasn't asked if John wants to touch his shaft, hasn't asked permission to rut against John, rubbing in uncoordinated thrusts. He hasn't asked because he hasn't thought through what could happen if John touched his cock. If John's
"You think you're so bloody clever, Holmes," Anderson growls, his voice dropping so low only Sherlock can hear which forces the genius boy to recognize just how serious the situation is. "Pretending to know things you shouldn't, prancing around these halls like you're better than everyone else, and now what? Stalking me? You pathetic little shit."
"You're drunk," Sherlock stage-whispers, collapsing into a fit of laughter when John grabs his ankle, making him stumble on the steps.
Sherlock raised a challenging eyebrow. "You told me on two separate occasions in several different ways that you find me attractive, did you not?"
Sherlock frowned for a moment longer then closed his door, noticing that yes it was very cold, and turned back toward the main room to find John making himself comfortable on the couch.
Irene snorts but doesn't respond as she taps out her information before handing the device back to John. "That's a good idea, actually, about the phones," she says thoughtfully. "Maybe we should get on a group text? Keep everyone updated?"
"He's fine," Victor, who apparently is still here, responds with a sniff. "A few shots aren't going to kill him."
Victor, sighing as though a man resigned to his face, stepped aside, looking down. "Yes sir," he mumbled.
Until he notices the clock at the corner of his computer screen and curses to the high heavens, heart plummeting to his stomach in one swift drop.
Sherlock has spent an entire week convincing himself everything he thought he'd felt for John Watson the first time he'd laid eyes on him was complete and utter crap. It was just a reaction. Just the chemistry of the body reacting to a handsome face. That was all it was. Nothing to be alarmed about. Sherlock was being ridiculous. Absurd. And a week out of direct contact was helping. No interaction was the best thing. He didn't have to stand a bright, megawatt smile or golden blond shaggy hair glistening in the sunlight or low, sexy chuckles sneaking their way out of pretty, soft lips.
has experience. Trust me, you don't want to shag for the first time in a drunken stupor with some stranger." Mike shook his head.
John pulls back slightly and trails his lips down to Sherlock's nipple, pinching it between his teeth.
Victor's voice was far too close to John's ear. He whipped around to find a grin he didn't like so much on Victor's face, all too near, eyes twinkling knowingly. "Sorry?"
John cocked his head and pursed his lips, mirth evident in his eyes. "Ah, right. Naturally, you invented your own career. How could I have been so silly to believe you would conform to a standard job?"
Freezing in place, hoping maybe if he stays completely still this won't actually happen, he flicks his gaze pleadingly to Irene, unsure what exactly she can do for him at this moment but realizing she's probably his only hope.
Link suddenly surged back to life after swaying in his seat for a long moment. He lifted his drink in the air. "Cheers to Sherlock Holmes being a bastard!"
And being this close is a special kind of torture Sherlock is finding out. God, that boy out on that field barking orders and shouting plays and directing like a captain should, Sherlock
, you… I don't like other p-people touching y-you," John stammers out, that wicked mouth of his boyfriend's not helping his focus.
No one has ever made him come before last night and now he's had two orgasms in less then six hours.
Grasping at blond fringe, Sherlock hauls John's face back up to his, eyes already scanning over every laugh line, every blushed pore, every fiber that makes up John Watson's beautiful face. "Please tell me," he whispers brokenly, terrified to believe and yet wanting so badly to know. "Just say it. Just once. Please."
John has to keep himself from laughing, which is helped when Sherlock runs his thumb over the head of his cock.
Because, of all the evidence in front of him, Sherlock knows that this would have never ever happened had it not been for an emotional event. Had it not been for their close friendship and their connection and Sherlock's open-window policy, there would have been no kiss at all. John would never kiss Sherlock if he were in his right mind. Not ever. Several factors have brought him to this conclusion, because that's what he has;
"Why can't we just talk to Sherlock?" Paul interrupts. "Seems a lot of effort when we can just talk to the bloke."
Sherlock will berate himself later for not seeing it sooner but for now his thoughts race with all the new data he's acquiring, gaze flicking over the perfectly coiffed bloke in front of him, looking very similar to the night of the party, dressed in a freshly ironed button-down and slim-fitting jeans, hair frozen perfectly in place by some sort of expensive hair product.
John shifted his weight nervously. "No, uh, no problem. I just was wondering if you maybe wanted to get a coffee or something."
Sherlock looks like he's on the verge of tears, but he doesn't let them fall. He simply smiles. "Thank you for the best summer of my life," he says thickly. "Thank you."
Then he grabs both Sherlock's hands, pulls him to a sitting position and pulls his shirt up. Sherlock looks a bit dazed but raises his arms compliantly, eyes now boring into John. "There we go," John murmurs and pushes Sherlock's now naked torso down on his back again.
Which is where most of his attention, of course, lands; on that blond boy beside him, grinning from ear to ear, laughing and nodding, lobbing out his own two cents and getting nothing but gaiety in return. He's in his element here. John
"I know," she says with a wave of her hand. "I know you wouldn't mean to but just... just don't do what you do with everyone else.
"Friends, apparently," Sherlock rolls his eyes, sighing as though this friendship with Irene has been put upon him unwillingly.
"I knew you were busy," Sherlock replies quietly, breathe hitching at the feeling of John's tongue tracing along his tendons, angling his head further away to give John better access. "You didn't need to be worrying about me."
Nothing to worry about then. The ocean of red will take care of the bloke on the pitch and everything will be fine. Nothing to worry about.
"I'm on it," Greg said, getting up from the table to grab beers from the fridge, leaving the now empty carton on the table.
Suddenly feeling flustered and nervous and a little put on the spot, Sherlock taps out a reply that seems a bit dull compared to his partner's charming request for a compliment but he can't find it in himself to come up with anything cleverer.
And in those three days, Sherlock has decided that being away from John is not only intolerable, it's unbelievably frustrating and entirely unacceptable. It
The touch is soft. So soft and gentle, just like his John, fingertips landing on a sharp cheekbone and caressing it smoothly, gliding along pale skin that heats under the touch. Exhaling on a shaky breath, Sherlock's eyelids threaten to fall closed as he revels in this, revels in his best friend, the one he's loved for over half of his life, finally laying intimate hands on him like this. It's exquisite, this single stroke across his cheek, the affection pouring from those five fingertips so intensely Sherlock can hardly stop his lashes from fluttering.
"This isn't charity, John," Sherlock sighed tiredly. "You would be an asset to my investigation. That's all. In return, I would appreciate a piece of mind that you are safe. I'm not asking for anything from you. But you are hurt. You are bruised you're malnourished and sleep-deprived. Those are not things you can fix on the streets. I am simply asking to assist in your healing process. Once you've healed, you can do whatever you like. I won't keep you here if you don't want to be here. If anything,
"You're so beautiful, Sherlock," John murmurs, fingers dragging through Sherlock's curls in one swift motion. "Christ, did you get more beautiful while I was away?"
Liquid heat seems to pore from John's fingertips seeping into the follicles of Sherlock's skull and rolling through him with ease, immediately melting his entire frame into the touch with a soft moan. "John," he murmurs, eyelids falling closed, unable to do much else but
"When have you ever been supportive in your life?" Sherlock demands. "All you know how to do is be a gigantic pain in the arse."
"I'm not lying," Sherlock replies airily, already sick to death of having to repeat this conversation for the thousandth time. Sebastian Wilkes has no imagination on the best of days, and it's unbelievably exhausting.
Sherlock's breath stutters, nipples tightening on either side of John's lips. "S-sorry," he murmurs. "I didn't want to… I mean I've never… I didn't want to…end it too soon when you first…touched me."
"Focus on practice now and get your mind off Sherlock for a bit," Greg nudges him. "I'm sure it'll be great when you see him after."
Now he would have both. His heart and soul, body and breath belong wholly to John Watson and after four miserable years, he won't be waiting in agony for months on end to act upon those truths.
"Stop it," Sherlock snips in return though there isn't much heat behind it, eyes twinkling with the understanding of a joke.
Sherlock frowned, although his eyes were twinkling with excitement. "You're not a part of homicide. Why are you on this case?"
"Well," Victor's voice has gone a bit quiet and unsure and Sherlock can't help turning back around, curiosity getting the better of him to see what's gotten into his project partner. Victor's green eyes glance down to his feet before peering up at Sherlock almost shyly. "I, uh… look, I'm not the greatest at Chemistry-"
And why on earth was the result of that captivation John returning to his room with a steaming bag of Indian takeaway on that first night like some smitten teenager, essentially dropping a date night into Sherlock's lap and praying to god that he would not only accept but enjoy every minute of it?
"Don't worry, it'll just be a small group," Irene grins. "Right now it looks like it'll be you and Molly, me and Greg, Mary and John, Phillip and Sally..."
of liquid filling his mouth and sneaking down the back of his throat, and he coughs slightly but doesn't let up, unable to stop, desperately needing to hear his love moan his name.
"Oh!" John says in understanding. John knows Sherlock has a brother but he never knew his name. All he's heard is that he's older, off at uni, and he's a giant pain in Sherlock's arse.
It was the sexiest thing John had ever witnessed, the sight of Sherlock straining for him, wanting it as badly as John did. And with that look on Sherlock's face burning in his mind, John pushed in.
Sherlock smirked, and squeezed and John's hips bucked violently. He was so sensitive to every little touch and Sherlock was reveling in it, cataloging every response.
And as though on cue, Sherlock swept into the room. Link went rigid in his seat and the ball of anger in John's stomach tightened.
Sherlock nods, ignoring the shock on John's face. He's already humiliated himself enough for tonight. It might just be time to get out of here and to the safety of his room. "Well, thank you for the ride-"
Again, Sherlock gapes. There is so much new information coming out of this conversation with his best friend and it's rather difficult to comprehend, none of it sinking in or making a lick of sense. "You were gonna talk to me about it?"
Sherlock smiled genuinely at him. "Very good, John. I knew you'd be thinking ahead. But don't worry about that."
Sherlock bites his lip hard, goose flesh rippling across his skin. The combination of John inside him and his words against his ear is too much.
"Sherlock, I-" John started, then paused, eyes skittering across the floor. "I wanted to go into the army. I really did. That decision had nothing to do with you and I. It was a decision I made for myself and I'm still glad I went. But I didn't...I should have had a plan for if anything happened to me. I didn't think- maybe it was childish but if I had planned to be injured and invalided home, maybe I-"
John stared up into those beautiful eyes, now a bit wild and frightened and John brought his hand to Sherlock's cheek. "Everything," he whispered. "I want everything with you, Sherlock. Is… is that alright?"
A sharp, rather condescending bark of a laugh escapes Sherlock's lips and he regrets it immediately. He didn't mean to sound like such a prat but
John was awake enough to snap his head up. "What? Don't be sorry! It was bloody incredible! All I want is to return the favor!"
John bucks his hips shallowly, careful not to choke his lover but Christ, that wet concave of heat is making it difficult, sliding slowly up and down his length, tip meeting a strong muscle that can only be Sherlock's tongue, swirling in slow, languid circles. John's mouth drops open, hands suddenly digging into Sherlock's wet ringlets, body rocking in time with the drags of Sherlock's mouth.
," John giggles, sliding his hand further between Sherlock's knees and giving his thigh a gentle squeeze. "You are far more brilliant than I am. I should have been taking you on dates a long time ago."
The door in his mind marked DO NOT ENTER suddenly flies open and only then does Sherlock realize that key he'd sworn he'd used to lock up actually belongs to John Watson and his praise.
Sherlock doesn't move, afraid if he does he'll ruin the moment or find that his hypothesis is entirely wrong but he thinks... he's almost certain John is orgasming if the push of his pelvis is any indication and heat blooms in Sherlock's chest for a very different reason.
Sherlock hesitated, dropping his arms and looking around. What was he supposed to do now? If he defied any longer, it would prove his point wrong, but if he gave in then he lost. Right? Why was everything so confusing with John?
"Yes," Sherlock practically moans, melting into the body behind him with a happy little sigh, never having felt more satisfied in his life. He lets the moment drag out, blinking out at the snowfall as John peppers his shoulders with quiet kisses and soothes his hands over Sherlock's chest and stomach, caressing him gently. It takes every ounce of effort left in him to pull away, knowing his mother is in the kitchen by now, getting started on the baking they always did together for the big family dinner.
John is impressive as usual, and tonight Sherlock can feel the crowd cheering his name in his bones.
A still giggling Sherlock grabs his hand and kisses the top of it. "Never. I thought maybe you'd be a nice boy for once and
He turns and bolts back toward his target, finally making it through the crowd and to the bar, finding his boyfriend and… no one else.
," a low, muffled moan comes from behind the door they're standing in front of, the voice carrying the words all too familiar. "Oh,
"Yes," John mutters, attempting to breath against the constricting bands wrapping tightly around his lungs. He should have known this about Sherlock. He should have seen it like Sherlock sees everything. He should have been better to Sherlock these past few weeks. Christ, whinging to himself about his ridiculous crush, pining like some lovesick idiot while the boy he adores lives a lonely, parentless, friendless life. His blood begins to simmer under his skin as he rages internally at himself. What a fucking idiot he's been.
The Sergeant stared at him for a long moment and then smiled genuinely. "The Doctor and the Detective," he mused and John laughed. Lestrade jerked his head to the stairs. "Come on. I'm sure he's deduced the hell out of you by now but have you seen him do this yet?"
"And everything in my life was different before you," John breathes, dropping soft kisses to Sherlock's temple. "And now everything is exponentially better. And nothing anyone else does or says will change that. Trust me."
John continues his kisses along Sherlock's jawline, ignoring the boy's rigid posture and short breaths, humming against Sherlock's soft skin like nothing is amiss.
er well I didn't know it would be like that, I just- you know feel free to jump in here any time and make me stop bloody talking."
Sherlock is safe for now and John decides to revel in it. It's a rather glorious, worry-free day and John can't keep his eyes off the mad genius he lives with.
was the one who should be spending a lot of time with Sherlock and getting used to his rude remarks. Not this random guy.
Glancing back and forth between his two chemistry partners across the table, Victor seems unable to process what is being asked of him for a moment before sighing in resignation. "Whatever," he grumbles, offering a suspicious glare in Irene's direction before wandering off in the wrong direction of the library.
John doesn't know why seeing Sherlock in an element where people accept and like him pleases him so much but it truly does and his chest gives another adoring pull, the sight of Sherlock Holmes happiness infecting John until his face is stretched in an overly-delighted grin. Especially after the last time when Sherlock had been so horribly nervous he'd barely spoken a word until Mike swung in and saved the day.
"What're you doing in m'bed?" John tried to tease, although his words garbled a bit as he stretched his muscles, unwilling to open his eyes. He didn't care much why Sherlock was here. He was just very pleased that he was.
"Oh-yes. Yes, please, John, please..." Sherlock babbles. He closes his eyes, trying to catch his breath.
And it's just like that. Just that simple, off-handed comment that almost brings those heavy words tumbling right out of John's mouth. Those three words that could destroy them both if spoken aloud. Those words John thinks about day in and day out, as the days of camp slowly wind down.
"Yes," John's posture finally relaxes as he rocks up on his toes and captures Sherlock's lips, "very good thing."
Sherlock shook his head as he was finally able to breath a proper amount of air. "No. No, I'm alright."
And then he locked eyes with John. He couldn't be sure if John actually saw him, his eyes glassy even from afar, and Sherlock took off. He hurried toward the door, cursing himself silly as he pushed his way out, but not before he tossed a glance back to see John receiving a disgustingly gentle kiss and slipping his hand into the other boy's, looking nothing more then confused. He gave a slight nod to the taller boy as though giving permission and Sherlock's vision blurred violently, the beast of jealousy raging within him, demanding to be seen and put to use, begging to take over and get the job done.
place, everything he can't say with just his eyes for fear of the contents of his stomach appearing if he opens his mouth.
Sherlock's fingers kneaded at John's pectoral muscles, trailing lightly over his nipples, then pressing gently into the skin below. John moaned again and dropped his hands to the buttons on Sherlock's perfectly tailored button-down.
"But when you touch them at the same time," John says, as he tugs on the sack and flicks his thumb over the head, "it can be-"
His heart dropped into his stomach as a large Styrofoam cup was pushed across his desk into his view. Sherlock glanced up.
John is doing his best not to watch Sherlock on the other side of the crackling fire. He's doing his best not to notice the way the flames dance across Sherlock's pale skin, glowing a mesmerizing orange and making him look mysterious and sacred.
Fighting back to gain the upper-hand again, seeing as he would be the one teaching this lesson John was requesting, Sherlock grinned and slid a hand over John's thigh, just as they were pulling up to Sherlock's flat.
For the first time ever, John actually saw a subtle blush creep up Sherlock's pale neck, the color almost bright against his dark green button down. John watched Sherlock's face intently, but there was no sign of his response anywhere else. He didn't speak.
"Aww," John teases, grinning absolutely madly up at Sherlock, and the curly-haired boy can't really find it in himself to be mad at that gorgeous smile, "You are just a big softy about Christmas, aren't you?"
John Watson is blinking back at him, blonde hair sticking up on one side of his head, navy rugby jacket wrapped snugly around his frame, hands that presumably had just tapped on his window now shoved deep in his pockets, shoulders slumping in relief at the sight of his best friend.
"I tried," Sherlock says with a roll of his. "Greg keeps cutting me off every time I'm about to get a good one in." He sneaks a glance over to the side of the field, eyeing his brother carefully. "Don't worry, though. I'm biding my time."
"If you'll have me," John continues to murmur, trailing his tongue down Sherlock's neck and into the crook of his shoulder, "I will do everything in my power to make you happy. I want to keep kissing you. And seeing you."
John sighs against his chest. "Thank you," he mutters, his voice muffled into Sherlock's wet shirt. "I really am just so glad to see you. I didn't want to sit in here helplessly all night alone. Plus I fucking
"I see," Sherlock nods with feigned seriousness, laughter ebbing away. "Just wanted to get into bed in only your pants because you're cold? And not because…" he waves his hand vaguely around near his hips and John's hips and then promptly blushes a fetching shade of maroon realizing he either doesn't have an ending to his joke or he does and he's too embarrassed to actually voice it.
Maybe he came over here to whip Sherlock right around and get up in his face and demand to know who the bloody hell he thinks he is wearing John's jersey like this.
John's hands slide down his arms, interlocking their fingers as he straightens to find Sherlock's eyes. "I'm sorry about the deception," he huffs a self-deprecating laugh. "Bit of a cowardly move. But we were becoming friends and I didn't want to lose you if you didn't feel the same."
John's heart pounded in his chest, anticipation rushing through his veins. The hair on his neck stood up as a violent shiver ran through his body.
The thread of that last thought snakes its way back to the story about the man whose boyfriend kissed him in front of an interested party and snaps themselves together, forming a new idea altogether and Sherlock leans back in his chair, closing his eyes and steepling his fingers in front of his lips, letting the thought percolate before forming itself into somewhat of a shaky plan.
Slipping another finger in alongside the first, John's lips hover over his, preparing to cover another loud noise, but Sherlock manages to contain it this time, biting harshly at his lip. "I'm sorry," John whispers as he slides two fingers in and out smoothly, "I
And when Sherlock is suddenly moving, John has to dig his fingers into his jeans and keep himself from reaching out and pulling Sherlock back into him, cursing the loss of contact so bitterly it frightens him.
The redness in his cheeks hasn't dissipated from John's attention and Sherlock ducks his head into the fridge to avoid Victor seeing it. No one can know John makes him blush. That is one secret he needs to keep safe tonight. Sherlock Holmes does not blush. Ever. "Oh, um… thanks," he mumbles, gathering a few cans into his arms, eager to get back to his game and his teammate and his John.
"I have to go," Sherlock mutters, ignoring Irene for the most part as he glances at the clock on his phone again just to be certain he'd read it correctly.
Harry rolled her water eyes. "Don't get all emotional about it, Johnny. They hate each other." She grinned a sickly grin. "But not as much as they hate us."
"Okay, everyone out," John shoos them both. "We can all read in separate locations so I don't lose my mind every time a text message comes in and every one of our mobiles dings."
"MRS. HUDSON!" Sherlock hollers, drowning out her final words, face flaming hotter than the sun, brow scowling with fury mixed with complete humiliation.
, don’t you?  Yet you’re still trying to hold out and trying not admit it?  Praying that I’ll cave in and just give it to you, but we both know that when it comes down to it I’m much more stubborn than you could ever be and I will make you wait even longer the more you try to hold out.” He chuckles as he kisses down Sherlock’s neck before peeling that too tight shirt off his long torso and throwing it aside.  His lips pick up where they left off, circling around the pebbled skin of his nipple, savouring the heat of Sherlock’s skin and flush of his chest and Sherlock is clawing at his hair, torn between pulling him up for a kiss or pushing him down in hopes that maybe John will use his tongue elsewhere but still holding out on asking.
Sherlock is glaring to the side of his head and downward to where his mobile is currently attached to his ear, his unbearable elder brother's voice, though soft and smooth, sounds more like nails on a chalkboard coming through the tiny speaker. He's barreling – not
"I like to… dabble," he said, winking at John and turning back to his laptop he's just pulled out of his bag.
Chuckling low in his throat, a sound that zipped straight down Sherlock's spine and to his cock, John nipped and licked along the brunette's sternum to his stomach, dipping his tongue into his naval before biting the soft skin just below. Sherlock lay perfectly still, enjoying every minute of John's eager mouth exploring his body.
. "I guess we'll just starve," Sherlock concludes, biting his lower lip to keep it from stretching into a smile.
"Of course!" Mike shoots back and the banter continues as their voices fade out of John's ears, the blond boy refocusing down at the mobile in his hand, still utterly thrown by the coldness of his supposed partner now but feeling a bit more centered about the situation. Maybe he is overreacting. Maybe the boys are right.
"I was thinking we should try to get through some more Bond movies," Sherlock says as they clean up their dishes.
And when Sherlock's stomach bottoms out, all the confidence that Mycroft hadn't known what was going on with him dissipating in the span of single breath, it's not at the sight of his brother's boyfriend smiling happily up at them.
"I know you said all that about me enjoying having a room to myself," John says as he pulls on his jacket. "But truthfully, it's kind of quiet around here. You're uh… always welcome here, you know."
The door closes and John's fingers grab frantically at the hem of Sherlock's shirt, still kissing him softly. Sherlock lifts his arms and John tears his shirt clean over his head, taking his glasses with it.
Snapping awake at two o'clock in the morning is not unusual for Sherlock Holmes. His body urges him up and at 'em at ungodly hours of the night, his internal clock never running on when the sun rises and sets, eyes flying open in the darkness, alert and ready to function almost immediately.
"We met at Bart's actually," Sherlock replies, ignoring the thud of his shattered heart. He can still see John limping into the lab, looking the part of wounded soldier so perfectly and knocking the breath from Sherlock's lungs. "I was in need of a flatmate and you were in need of a flat."
"Like a spy?" Paul's eyes widen with excitement and John laughs for the first time since this conversation started, grinning at his teammate. It's nice to not be on the outs with Paul anymore and it's nice to see Paul with some color back in his cheeks.
And Sherlock shudders, blinking away the memory of the night before, still working tirelessly at deleting every little peep he may have heard.
"Hey," John smiles up at his partner, nudging an elbow against Sherlock's arm and startling him out of his focus. "Alright?"
Sherlock glanced up to see a white camera pointed down toward them. A burst of anger filled his chest at the thought of his brother witnessing John being pulled into an alley and not doing a thing to stop it.
"Oh like this morning when you excused me from morning drills?" John immediately bit his lip. Even with the pretense of speaking freely, he knew better then to be sarcastic to a superior officer.
John never wiped the smile off his face. "And now I'm not backing down about going to do something. Come on! We could grab a drink at a pub? Or go to a party? Or sit here and stare into space?"
see the blushing. It's silly really, blushing at the nickname. A nickname so simple and obvious and yet it practically tickles Sherlock's insides with glee, always a glutton for John's attention in any capacity, especially one where John is in awe of him. It warms every fiber of his being and he finds himself still grinning as he pulls the sliding glass door open that leads out to the patio, feeling like he could walk on air at how
There is something equally thrilling and terrifying about this, holding someone so solid and sturdy in his hands with such delicacy, taking such careful care of the person who is always taking careful care of Sherlock. He gets to hold the most precious thing in his world as close to him as possible and John, always most concerned with Sherlock's state of well-being, lets him.
A tentative hand slides into his hair, not grabbing or even resting its weight. Simply laying against his head, threading fingers into his short fringe. John can feel the movement of Sherlock shaking his head, breathing shallowly.
I SO APPRECIATE ALL OF YOU WHO HAVE WAITED FOR THIS DAMN CHAPTER FOR AGES!! I'm so sorry it took me forever, I went through kind of an intense rough patch the past few months so I appreciate those of you who stuck out the long haul for this <3 I love all of you beautiful readers and I can't thank you enough for supporting my work! XO!
Darting his eyes to the obvious conclusion, Sherlock feels a swoop of disappointment that he has less of a deduction and more of an observation about that particular fact. He finds that he'd like to dazzle John again. Apparently, Sherlock being himself dazzles John.
"You'll probably want to shower and get ready," Sherlock smirked as he rolled off the bed. "Clean clothes are on the dresser and the loo is just through there. Or did you want to run? I know you run on Saturday mornings. I can call for the maid to bring you up some running clothes. Oh, but you don't know the area well. I could get you a map-"
The preparation was rushed, John squirming and demanding and begging and pleading underneath him and Sherlock couldn't help panting with every move, but even with three fingers buried inside his lover, Sherlock could still take a moment to appreciate John's desperation, and sort out exactly where it came from.
"A handful of times, yeah," John nods, not looking away from the window. "But it still gets me every time, you know? I know we technically go to school in London but when you're actually at the center of it all…" He trails off and sighs, eyes flicking along signs and buildings and people they pass.
The limbs around him slacken and Sherlock rears back as far as he can against the pillow, eyes comically dinner plate-sized and edging into irritated, lips parted in shock. "Is that
Sherlock rolled his eyes, although the sarcastic gesture was hurt a little by the happy glow in his cheeks and the smile on his face. "Boyfriends are supposed to be nice to each other," Sherlock muttered.
"You have nothing to apologize for," John whispers back and Sherlock swears his grip tightens on Sherlock's hip. "Let's just get home, okay? It's alright."
Sherlock is so startled, he throws his arms around John's middle out of panic and he can feel more then hear John's laughter. He's flush against John's warm back and he can feel his own body curving gently to fit just so around this strong athlete. He decides he can get away with it, seeing as there really isn't anywhere else he can go.
"What if your-" Sherlock froze, then pulled John's face back to look at him. "What if you're no good at sex?!"
And while he refuses to out and out admit to himself just exactly what he's been up to for the last 72 hours, it's simply unfair to be armed with all of this knowledge and unable to do anything with it considering the person he'd like to do it with is currently out there on that filthy field and not in Sherlock's bed where he belongs.
Sherlock's eyes were burning again. "Do you think no one would care if you were hurt like that, John? Do you think last night was just another day, another issue you have to deal with on your own? Do you truly believe someone trying to incapacitate you to take advantage of you was really 'not that big of a deal'?"
Pretend he isn't dying inside at the sheer need to always be touching John Watson, to love every inch of him forever.
His hand creeps along his own leg beneath the blanket, trailing against his own blazing skin and he swallows, his own touch already feeling hot against his overly sensitive body, eyelids fluttering as he tries to steady his breathing, taking his time to get to his goal while simultaneously staying ahead of his brain threatening to go into overdrive at the newness of all of this.
!" his father slams down his paper and stares wide-eyed at his son. "Don't you ever say something like that again, young man. You do not talk about people like that. I raised you better than that."
It's unclear why this sounds like a promise. It's unclear why this sounds like anything other than a fact. But as it rolls off John's tongue, he can feel it hang heavy in the air around him as Sherlock's face darkens to a rather pretty shade of maroon and John is suddenly, desperately, in need of water.
"You looked so beautiful," John murmurs, voice cracking with emotion and wonder and the memories that Sherlock has longed for him to have. "Even in a sulk, you were the most beautiful thing I'd ever seen."
He inches closer, slotting his cock just between Sherlock's arse cheeks, rutting slightly against the crevice. Sherlock drops his head back onto John's shoulder and moans.
. Not just pretty girls or friendly blokes, though many of them linger, flashing their own bright smiles and trailing hungry eyes down John's muscled form, but
Sherlock swallowed thickly, trying to force himself to believe that exchange didn't affect him as much as it had.
John ran a thumb gently over the head of Sherlock's cock and the hand in his hair tightened as Sherlock let out a small cry, jerking his head back and his hips forward, eyes still closed in concentration.
"What are you doing?" John whispers, happy warmth spreading all along his limbs at the view before him, attempting to keep the quiet mood with hushed words and low tones, only barely keeping himself from curling around the genius like a vine.
John swung around at the sound of his name, almost tipping over the table and found Link with his hand on a stranger's shoulder. The man wasn't bad to look at, only a bit taller then Link, light brown hair and brilliant bright green eyes, smiling down at John.
"Nice clothes?" John is suddenly beside his bed again, Sherlock can tell by the distance of his voice. He cracks an eye open to peer up at the rugby player. "What, you mean better than my jumpers you want to burn?"
The touch of Sherlock's mouth to his seemed to kick John's brain back into action and he pulled away, eyes wide, shaking his head. "N-no," he muttered. "No, we… we can't."
The way Sherlock's features fell crushed John like a bolder dropping onto him, grinding him into tiny flecks of dust and uselessness. The sparkle in Sherlock's eye had suddenly dimmed, fading to cool gray as hurt filled the lines of his face. "No it's not," he bit back, his features attempting to frown into anger but the agony still lingered. "How I feel for you… it's not
"Now, here's what we're going to do," the man continued. "You're going to empty those pretty, bulging pockets of yours, and hand over your mobile."
John faltered, somehow falling wrong-footed in this conversation. He could just call Victor out. Call him a liar, say he's not sick. Profess his feelings for Sherlock and ride off into the sunset together.
John frowns impatiently, having no time at all for cryptic discussions with his captain while his boyfriend's gorgeous arse is currently too far away to grab. "Nip what?"
He was cut off by Harry cackling. "Oh Johnny, you poor sod!" She laughed maniacally, as though he was the stupidest person she'd ever met. "You haven't learned yet, have you?" She continued to laugh, the sound sending cold shivers up John's spine.
The regret of turning around and laying eyes on what he is currently laying eyes on is immediate and breathtaking.
"I- yeah," Sherlock stammers, swallowing thickly as he eyes the dark liquor sloshing around inside the glass bottle. He isn't sure if he likes rum. Not at all. But he doesn't want to look like a fool. Besides, he's sure he can take it. He's had no problems downing two full beers tonight. Hard alcohol can't be
John's eyes were the size of saucers, his cheeks flushed equally with arousal and embarrassment and… there it was,
He's made great friends and had countless encounters here. Boys and girls equally on these grounds, never one to shy away from a little meaningless fun, and even allowed a couple 'relationships' if you could even call it that, seeing as the romance could only last a total of ten weeks, but in any case, John had had a great time. He'd explored and experimented and gotten downright dirty, and loved every minute of it. It wasn't that his hook-ups were faceless and nameless, but he'd just never let himself get attached. It was mutual enjoyment. This was the space for that. This was where John had truly believed he'd found himself.
Paul pauses, searching the ground for the rest of his thoughts and John blows out silent a breath he hadn't realized he'd been holding, knowing the worst is yet to come.
Sherlock tries to shoot her a glare but the happy glow in his face makes the look fall flat and Irene laughs. "Oh, now that's just pathetic," she teases, poking him in the rib with her elbow. "Now quit looking at me. Turn around and watch your boyfriend frolic around in that sinful uniform."
Sherlock ignores him and the overly long day that's promised to be ahead of him, knowing at the end of it he gets to do this with John all over again.
John can’t resist, he’s lost in the music and the way Sherlock is swaying his hips and he can’t keep his hands off his lover, groping and grabbing and licking at whatever part of Sherlock’s body he can get his mouth on.  The sweat dripping down Sherlock’s neck is like nectar and John can’t get enough.
"What're you having?" Mike's eyes widen, apparently deciding he's always invited as he makes his way back down the field with Sherlock in tow. Christ, do all rugby players love food like John?
Before anger wins out and he's back at it, tearing down the sidewalk and rounding the corner, barreling down the now familiar rows of university houses, barely seeing much of anything, body on autopilot as his thoughts spin and spin, practically smothering him with the weight and implications and completely intolerable and upsetting thought that John Watson may no longer be in his life, may no longer be his friend, his main friend, his
"Sherlock," John's voice cracks the slightest, and Sherlock shuts up immediately. "Sherlock, I…" John seems unable to finish a sentence, eyes trained on the notebook. He runs his fingers gently over his initials, breath catching as he traces the letters. "I… thank you." He glances up, blue eyes bright and shinier than Sherlock has ever seen them. "Thank you so much."
"Get up," Greg demanded, yanking John up from the couch. "Look, Jesus, I can't believe I'm saying this, but my uh… guy I'm interested in? Yeah, let's go with that. He'll be at the event tonight. So let's make a deal right this bloody minute, alright? A pact if you will. Between two captains and all that."
"You should know better, Sherlock," Mycroft murmurs beside him, and Sherlock still refuses to look at him, though he can see the umbrella clearly in his peripheral vision and just make out the outline of Mycroft's slightly protruding belly.
They spent a lot of time together inside and outside their flat, working on Sherlock's absurd experiments, watching and commenting on crap telly, ordering takeaway on a regular basis. They walked to and from campus together, grabbed coffee together, doing almost everything together, really.
With a silent smirk and a vow to do things like this more often, John slips his fingers beneath the hem of Sherlock's t-shirt and slides it upward, gently tugging free where the cotton sticks to Sherlock's damp skin, the wet fabric wrinkling itself on its journey and gathering into John's hands, dripping lightly and momentarily getting stuck in Sherlock's curls before John's efforts free it from its trap, gathering it up and off Sherlock's hands and falling in a puddled heap on the floor.
Rolling his eyes, he steps around his insane roommate, peering out to see the real damage, unable to continue to look at the curly-haired boy and attempting to shake off the small tremors running through his body at the first physical contact he's had with Sherlock Holmes.
John cautiously approached the shirt as though is may be a bomb about to go off, and carefully took the collar between his thumb and forefinger, shaking it out gently to get a better look.
"Yes, John, we're going to have sex. We're going to make all your distracting fantasies come true and get that mind back to where it belongs: on the plan."
And John wishes so much, as he sneaks closer to the unassuming boy propped against the stands, that he had the guts to say all this without the very real fear of Sherlock spinning on his heel and bolting, never to be seen or heard from again.
God but how could it be wrong? How when the only thing John wanted to do was turn, bury his face in Sherlock's neck and close his eyes. Feel their naked skin pressing together. Feel their bodies intertwining.
The next time Sherlock wakes, he doesn't know what it's from. He doesn't know what caused it. There is no sound to have woken him, no touch to have startled him awake.
He barely catches Sherlock glancing down at the paper on his desk, lips parted in what can only be shock, before he turns away from John and continues his cleaning. "Right," he mumbles. "Have fun."
"Unfortunately, Mr. Holmes and I have to make an appearance in town this evening for a fundraising event," Mrs. Holmes genuinely grumbles, looking none to pleased about leaving her only recently returned family at home, and Mr. Holmes mirrors her disappointment over the situation. "So you will be left to your own devices this evening. I've made a batch of hot buttered rum so please help yourselves to that. But," she continues, eyes lighting up with excitement, "you will all be stuck with us all day tomorrow so be prepared!"
And things suddenly make so much more sense, it's like a bolder being lifted off his shoulders as clarity bursts through.
things, he doesn't quite know how to answer Molly's question without giving anything away. He's been sneaking Sherlock into dark corners and behind buildings and into the shower when no one is looking and occasionally into his bed when everyone is out at the bonfire, and still, John hasn't been able to get enough.
his clothing, the other hand finding its way into dark curls, reveling in the feel of ringlets running between his fingers.
Sherlock dives off his bed and straight to the shower, wiggling out of his soiled pants and flipping the tap to freezing cold.
As wonderful as John Watson's tight arse is, Sherlock must admit the tension rising between the teams is rather fascinating to watch, the fury on either side evident with sharp elbows and meticulously placed cleats and rougher than necessary tackles. It's almost impossible to find the ball from where he sits in the stands so Sherlock instead tracks the movements of the players he knows, watching Mike take a tumble into the mud and Paul offer a hand to help him up only to be shoved down with him by an opposing player. The bloke jogs past them sprawled on the ground and smirks, opening his mouth say something Sherlock can't hear although it clearly wasn't something good considering Mike is attempting to scramble to his feet, face tomato-red and furious, shouting something unintelligible as he goes. Greg only just steps in before Mike gains his footing, pressing a hand to his chest and shaking his head just as the boy on the other team gives an ugly bark of a laugh. Even from here it looks unpleasant and malicious, baring his teeth like a rabid dog and Sherlock's stomach turns to ice at the sight of his Pong partner – his
On any given day, John Watson was a rather calm, collected, cool individual. He was not a raging, foaming at the mouth, quick to temper type of bloke. Things rolled off his back rather easily and he wasn't one to become hysterical quickly. He was not one to become irrationally angry, not one to have a fist prepared prematurely.
Not like John handsome, but visually pleasing enough. It's obvious he tried quite hard this evening to look impressive and Sherlock has to give him credit for succeeding. By any society standards, Victor Trevor could probably be considered particularly gorgeous based on Sherlock's extensive internet research and magazine perusal. He's sporting the exact look most of the male models wear in ad campaigns targeted at boys their age and pulling it off rather well.
as he lets John's words wash through him, a tiny shiver racking his frame like his body is unsure how to react to whatever emotion is currently surging through his system.
"Upstairs," John directs and they fumble their way through the dark, stealing heated kisses and gropes along the way, barely managing to make it to Sherlock's room before finally
Something seems a bit off about Victor's speech pattern, Sherlock notes. Something that hadn't been there before. The character of the wording twist subtly in the boy's mouth, like the words don't exactly mean what he says, some sort of undertone to his simple, and factual, statement.
Nodding, because that's all he can manage at the moment, Sherlock's responding yes is nothing but a whimper as he arches into John's touch, stuttering out a low cry when another of John's thrusts hits that exact spot inside of him, making his frame tingle with tiny sparks of pleasure.
He pulled open the door and glanced back and forth, praying he'd catch sight of Sherlock. Instead, he found himself standing in the middle of a long hallway. He narrowed his eyes and darted back into the room for his phone to call Sherlock just as it buzzed on the nightstand.
"Fuck the law," Sherlock growled, pulling John impossibly closer. "The law isn't always right John. I want you. I want to take care of you. Let me take care of you, John. Let me…let me love you."
Sherlock had slumped against the shower wall, realizing that if John was affecting him this much already from a simple snog, who the hell would he become when they started actually having sex?
. Somehow buzzing slightly with possibility, straining with something he can't define. He doesn't know if it's his own body reacting to the presence of the beautiful boy in his bed or something else entirely.
If he hadn't gotten used to this feeling by now, John would have sworn the temperature in the cab had risen ten degrees. He rubbed a sweaty palm down his thigh, trying to calm his body down. It was entirely unfair that Sherlock could say such simple things to him and have them fall out of his mouth in the most sensual way possible. Fuck, the things it did to John. Why weren't they sleeping together again? John swallowed, doing his best to sooth his suddenly dry throat.
The nickname accompanied by the shove is less surprising than the sharp snap of the locker he'd just slammed shut as Sherlock's shoulder collides with the metal, only just managing to stay on his feet as Phillip Anderson cackles in his ear. "Oops! Gotta be careful there, eh fairy?"
And just as he's about to say all of that, to apologize profusely, to let the boy in his arms go back to his own bed and get away from stupid sodding John Watson and his uncontrollable need for Sherlock Holmes, the curly head on his chest snaps up, turns toward him and before John can catch the look on his face, Sherlock buries it in John's neck.
He really just wants to see how long it will take Sherlock to work up the nerve to do something about it.
"I… I have something for you, too," John blinks his wet eyes away and reaches behind the couch, his hand returning clutching a tiny box, wrapped simply, no bows, no ribbons, no fuss.
"I could be wrong," John seethes through clenched teeth, "but I think that's none of your business."
God, how much he wanted to wipe that look off Victor Trevor's face was unnerving. He physically shook with the effort to keep his fists at his sides, deciding a fight breaking out in the office wouldn't be for the best.
Months later, Harry had called him in the middle of the night drunkenly sobbing about how she was so sorry. For what, he had no idea. She said she was better off away from them. It had been the most disturbing phone call he had received.
A light smack rattles his skull, shaking his curls down into his eyes as his mother taps the back of his head with the tips of her fingers as she re-enters the kitchen. "Ow!" Sherlock cries, hand flying to the back of his head, sharp eyes finding his mother to give her one serious outraged glare. It doesn't actually hurt, bruising nothing more than his ego, but he feels he should at least attempt to save face.
John swipes away a tear on Sherlock's face with his thumb, and leans down to kiss Sherlock with trembling lips. "Are you sure?" he murmurs over his mouth, blinking away his own tears.
Another excellent reason to get out of this tiny room and out into the world with more distractions and less gorgeous rugby players with hard muscles and soft lips and pretty smiles pressing against him. More disruptions of increasingly heated kisses and moans. More options besides snuggling beneath warm sheets and snogging until the sun rises.
"Right, then," John grins at the back of that curly head, feeling happier than he has all night. "Well, if you change your mind…" Struck with brilliance, John grabs a scratch piece of paper and scribbles his number down. "Text me, okay? If you change your mind."
"Oh," John sighs, deflating slightly. He'd really wanted Sherlock all to himself tonight at the party, no other people there to steal Sherlock's attention. He gathers himself enough to reply, "Well it's good to know you're coming tonight. Mike wanted me to inform you that you'd better come as he plans on another undefeated evening at the Pong table."
"Love," John murmurs, clinging a little harder than necessary and Sherlock, bless him, doesn't say a word about it.
"No doubt about that," he smirked and tugged him closer still, pressing their bodies together. John was getting dizzier by the minute, the constant thumping of the beat and the heat from the sweaty bodies near him making him a bit dazed. He tried to focus on the stranger paying him such intense attention as the effects of the vodka settled in, finding it increasingly difficult to keep track of where Will's hands were on him. His feet weren't listening and he stumbled again, leaning into the man more, letting his forehead fall onto his shoulder to keep himself steady and closing his eyes to stop the floor from rotating beneath him. Will wrapped an arm around John's shoulders, sealing their bodies together and began gyrating slowly against him to the music's ebb and flow.
Sherlock stepped closer, seeming unperturbed by John's demeanor. "I don't mind the blood," he crooned, sliding his hands onto John's hips. "You do need to get that cleaned up though so it doesn't get infected. I'll help-"
"Mm, on the contrary Mister Pretty Eyes," John made his way over to the Major, dipping his hips in a sultry swagger. He was getting excellent at seducing Sherlock. "I don't think this has gone on long enough at all."
Turning back to his unnaturally green liquid, Sherlock shrug. "It doesn't matter much if you can imagine it or not. It's the truth."
Nodding with pride as though John making this connection is the most brilliant thing in the world, Mrs. Holmes says, "Yes exactly. There aren't any bees around in the winter so we make do with the bears."
John doesn't pause his kisses, but asks, "Are you sure?" so fiercely, Sherlock rakes his shirt up even harder.
"It's noon, John," Sherlock mutters, though he yawns so big he squeaks and John can't help chuckling, pulling his boyfriend tight against him and dropping a kiss to the top of his head.
, you fucking bastard," John barks, his captain's voice in full force and Sherlock moves toward him slightly, needing desperately to stay near him. "Don't you
"A few weeks after I got out of hospital," John continued quietly. "You were rushing down the street, pushing through a crowd, hollering at people to move." He huffed a soft laugh. "You looked like a bloody lunatic, honestly."
Sherlock is still grinning as he closes himself away in his room, already cradling his phone to his chest in anticipation for a message that may not come for another week.
They stand in silence, John's thumb rubbing the base of his skull back and forth, tracing the curl at the nape of his neck, squeezing gently to calm him, the warmth of his forehead against Sherlock's grounding him.
It takes four full seconds for his foggy, lust-filled brain to process exactly what just came out his boyfriend's mouth, the words suddenly bolding and vibrating, bouncing off the walls of Sherlock's Mind Palace, snapping its fingers and demanding to be examined.
"You're right, I could have," she agrees. She glances over Sherlock's shoulder and her eyes widen slightly. "But then I'd have missed this."
Blinking stupidly deep, distracting eyes, John follows the movement with a menacing step of his own forward. "Don't what?"
"Oh, splendidly," John practically growls and suddenly he's moving, reaching quick arms out and pulling Sherlock to his chest, nuzzling his nose against the curly-haired boy's temple and inhaling deeply, like he can't quite believe he's waking beside Sherlock Holmes. "And what about you, love? How did you sleep?"
The look of terror calms under John's words and Sherlock relaxes slightly into John's ministrations, never taking his eyes off him.
races up his spine, spreading a trail of thrilling little tingles all along his body, the threat of John doing anything to him making him thrum with barely contained excitement. Being under John's predatory gaze like this is positively
dirty and Sherlock groans around that finger, biting down softly as his cock pulses against the comforter, hips rocking forward quicker with the knowledge of what he's just done and how much his partner clearly enjoyed it and oh god, oh
A vicious glower shudders Victor's features severely, emerald eyes practically burning with the fire blazing within them. "You are such a fucking freak," Victor bites out through clenched teeth, the words clearly intended to hurt as badly as they do. "I offered to be your friend, Sherlock. Your
John crawls inside, body rolling over the wooden lip in one swift, practiced motion, and doesn't say a word.
"Suck it," Sherlock replies without missing a beat, clearly too gone to be embarrassed anymore, boldly asking for what he wants, all but begging for it and John can't help grinning like a fool in the crease of Sherlock's thigh, nosing at the soft skin until his lover keens helplessly before he pulls back and glances up. "Please, John,
And then his thick, muscled arms are around Sherlock's waist and his hands are on Sherlock's back and his body is colliding with Sherlock's and it's…
"Alright, hey, relax," John reaches out and gives Paul's shoulder a gentle, reassuring squeeze even as his hand shakes in the process, his whole frame decidedly not taking his own advice as it screams in silent fury. "It's fine. Thank you for telling me."
"A coincidence," Sherlock replies dubiously. "You expect me to believe that? You, of all people, do not believe in coincidences. Why would you try to convince me otherwise when on numerous occasions you've stated your dissatisfaction in the belief of fortuitous events?"
Another boy will be arriving soon. Another boy will be showing up at any moment, bags in hand, prepared to become Sherlock Holmes new university roommate. He'll bring all of his belongings and idiotic brain and obnoxious hobbies along with him and settle right into Sherlock's personal space.
John looks startled for a moment longer before he bursts out laughing. "Sounds about right. Please do that. I'm sure YSA would love it."
John stood at attention, praying his trembling body would hold itself up. No wonder he'd hit on this guy last night. He was bloody gorgeous. All tall and lanky with ridiculously dark curls and shimmering gray eyes. John wondered why he didn't have a military haircut. And how the hell was this guy a Major? He couldn't be older then 25.
!" the curly-haired boy cries as blood rushes to his cheeks in a fierce blush, never intending on John finding out that little piece of information about his childhood.
"Were scared you wouldn't feel the same," John offers a small, unsure smile. "Something I'm still unsure about..."
John Watson is just full of bombshells tonight. "What?" is the only reply Sherlock can manage, blinking rapidly as John's smirk turns soft and warm.
The woman eyed him for only a moment more then glanced down at the blackberry in her hand. "He's putting in an effort to be civil, you know," she spoke down in to her phone and John felt a tiny prick of fear on the back of his neck that she may be speaking to him, about what he had no idea. Luckily, Sherlock laughed condescendingly in response to her comment and John took it that they were carrying on a conversation he was most definitely not a part of. He stood awkwardly in the doorway as they continued to speak indirectly to each other.
The arms around him tighten. "You… you're welcome, Sherlock," his mother murmurs, her voice wobbling and Sherlock loves her fiercely. She's always been a weeper and right now she's crying over his happiness and it's the best day of Sherlock's entire life.
Finding himself suddenly feeling more uncomfortably out of place without John's presence, Sherlock side-steps his way subtly closer to Greg, continuously attempting to shrink into nothing. He ignores the pleased little smile his brother's boyfriend tosses in his direction, pretending not to notice just how kind Greg is being to him this evening. He wants to be annoyed by it, rather than feel exceptionally grateful.
"Mm," Sherlock murmured as he pulled back after a moment to look at his handy work. "You're just a little bit naughty, aren't you Mr. Watson?" He kissed the mark he'd just created.
Which promptly rights Sherlock's almost-euphoric mind back into its usual foul mood as he realizes how stupid he's being. He rolls his eyes internally and sets about pulling on his armor, nasty words on the tip of his tongue to put this bloke in his rightful place. Sherlock has no time for niceties. No time for games. No time for hope.
Lips parting on an abandoned answer, Sherlock gapes at him slightly, brow crinkling in the center. "Because… because they sting people sometimes."
The good-natured, genuine grin John has been sporting slips from his face immediately, something squirming low in his belly. "What?"
," John breathed in his ear, though to be fair John was counteracting his own demand by clutching harder to Sherlock's body.
And then those long, elegant fingers were again placed on his face, this time underneath his chin and tilting his gaze back up. Sherlock's eyes searched his face for a moment.
it was naughty considering I thought you were my boyfriend for the last three months," John giggles, hands gripping Sherlock's lower back. "My boyfriend," he murmurs, eyes locking on Sherlock's lips, "who I thought wasn't interested in sex… God, the things I
Although seeing as this was John's third attempt at this, he really wasn't sure if he'd ever get up the courage to say all of that. Or even get up the courage to go inside.
He wipes shameful tears from his eyes and breathes deep in an attempt to calm himself, glasses fogging with moisture and hot breath.
Snorting down to his textbook and steeling himself for one moment longer before he knows he'll be faced with glimmering blue eyes and a bright, happy smile, Sherlock bites his lip and glances up, only to be greeted with an even more breathtaking sight than he ever could prepare for, cursing himself for even believing he could have prepared himself in the first place.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. "I'm not allowed to," he says frustratedly. "Don't you understand? If my father catches me he'll... he'll sell her."
Sherlock attempted to snort. "Uh, no, I can walk, thank you." Again, the words all swarmed together.
Long slender fingers twitch from where they're wrapped around the back of the chair and John catches the movement before snapping his gaze up at the sound of his name falling breathlessly from his roommate's perfect mouth and after that it seems utterly ridiculous that he'd hesitated at all in the first place.
John's body was rigid and he couldn't bring himself to relax. He almost hated how accurate this guy was, but what could he say? He was right on all accounts.
Oh. "Do you want to snuggle? I'm a great snuggler." John lifted his arm. "Come snuggle with me." He heard a low deep chuckle. "Mm, do that again please." He couldn't be sure if he said that out loud. Suddenly, the world was righting itself, and John's stomach lurched. He must be floating. "Mmmm," he hummed.
He didn't say a word to John the rest of the way, and after 20 minutes of silence and the dull roar of the engine, the myriad of emotions he'd experienced in a short time finally took a toll on him and John dozed off into a comfortable sleep.
John." Oh Christ this boy, he's into it now, wanton and willing and wriggling, responding to every pump of John's hand with a backside grind, sliding up and down John's dick like the genius that he is, somehow finding exactly how to please John without even looking back, lost in his own pleasure as John strokes him wetly.
"John, the man goes to the same exact place for lunch every single day for exactly an hour, pretends to read the newspaper and doesn't look at anyone. He clearly wants to be seen so as not to be implicated in something else going on. What is he hiding?"
John Watson's face becomes clear as they get closer and panic turns into rage as Sherlock watches the blue eyed boy ride in grinning, blond hair windblown by the speed of Dolly's gallop.
It made John glower with fury and jealousy and made the thought of drinking copious amounts of alcohol all the more enticing.
Momentarily startled by the admission, all three members of his group stare blankly for a long, unbearably silent second.
"I- really?" John blinks, something warm expanding in his chest and pressing against his ribcage at that simple statement. The rest of the team takes off on a jog around the field, laughter finally fading and John lines up beside Greg, taking up the rear to continue their conversation.
John holds his gaze for a long moment, seeming unsure if he should trust Sherlock's words or not. They stare at each other until John tips his head in a shallow, quick nod. Sherlock nods back and takes off to the loo for a shower.
"What about me what?" Sherlock mumbles, eyes lighting up as the cloudy liquid swirls to purple, hand hovering over the mixture with a beaker filled with yet another liquid sloshing around within it, poised and ready to pour.
Sherlock raised a defiant eyebrow. "You smell terrible, John," he replied flippantly. "I will make dinner while you shower."
"Yeah, what the hell, Holmes, we were in this together!" Link crowed, slapping Mike on the back to steady himself as he tried to control his laughter.
"Nothing," Sherlock replies with a fling of his hand as if to toss away whatever he'd heard from Anderson this morning and John's questions about it. "Just the usual."
It's Sherlock Holmes' favorite time of the year and he gets to be with all of his favorite people. How had he gotten so lucky?
That's what this has all been about these past few months. That's what their entire relationship and relationships stemming from it are about.
"Alright so you're a teenage prodigy getting a fancy degree who breaks into his brother's home to retrieve his own items. What else should I know about you?"
It twists something up in Sherlock's gut, tearing him in two between being grateful for his flatmate's ignorance of the situation and desperately wishing it wasn't this big awful secret, that it was okay for him to feel this way, that he wasn't alone in this miserable swirl of emotion, that maybe, just
Swallowing around the lump in his throat, Sherlock stares uncomprehendingly at Mike, none of the words making sense in his head, his brain going entirely offline with the exception of
"Perfect," Victoria said, rising from the table with her plate. "We also may go on holiday and I'm certain Sherlock won't be going unless you come as well." She smiled and disappeared into the kitchen, William following close behind.
"I'm…I'm sorry," he muttered. "I'll just- I'll go. Maybe you can pretend I didn't come here if I leave right now? And we can… we can go back to being friends in a few days? Once, you know, I check in to a mental hospital and all that." He attempted to laugh, but it came it as a choke and he turned to leave, his vision blurring slightly in panic.
. A proper one. A really and truly intelligent bloke that spoke a mile a minute about things John had never even heard of, chatting about facts and hypotheses and the idiots he encountered on a daily basis. Sherlock Holmes is beyond smart and a little snarky and rather rude and absolutely
relationship," Greg corrects with a wink in John's direction. "Poor bloke probably doesn't know what to do with himself. I'm almost positive when you get home tonight things will be completely fine."
Christ, what he wouldn't give to have John kiss him like that in front of an obviously interested party. How sexy that would be, being shown off in public like that, being claimed like that. Being shown off to the world as John Watson's.
An ache had formed where the anger had been, chipping away at it until it replaced it with a dull emptiness.
Or, not angry exactly. More like… shock? Outrage? Incredulity? Like Paul 'calling' John was a crime against them all. Like this was something really terrible. Like Paul had just committed treason against some sort of rugby team code.
They sprinted down the road, Sherlock ducking behind corners and buildings, coat billowing out around him, curly hair bouncing along for the ride.
. Tiny zaps of pleasures rippled from the head of his penis through his hips and up his body, rolling in waves through him. It was new and unbelievably pleasurable.
Victor Trevor, ever present smirk ready and raring, stood before him. "Said he had some things to take care of."
For once, Sherlock wasn't trying to manipulate anything. He wasn't lying or faking or pushing. He was being honest.
John watches him go for a moment, composing himself before turning back to his roommate, still staring wide-eyed back at him. "We don't have to go if you don't want to," John starts, already seeing Sherlock recoiling slightly on John's gentle words. Sherlock hates to be pitied, that's become clear over the weeks. If John steps out too far, coddles him too much, he retreats immediately and closes himself off. John needs to be careful. "Although," he ventures, "can't you just picture the look on Mycroft's face when he finds out? Because, in my own very humble opinion, that alone would make it worth it."
And maybe stealing a touch for himself. It hurt more then he realized to see Sherlock hurt. He wanted so badly to help him.
"Uh-" Sherlock is about to ask what that plan is exactly when John grabs his hand and pulls him to the course.
The words don't want to seem to want to come out because Sherlock's mouth has instead found its way to John's, leaning over the short distance to lay a chaste kiss on John's precious lips, those lips that say such beautiful things, those lips that Sherlock could go on kissing for a lifetime. It's quick but meaningful, lingering for a moment longer than necessary and John hums, curling a hand around the back of Sherlock's neck and giving it a gentle squeeze, fingers stroking through the curls at the base of the genius boy's neck even after he pulls away.
is it exquisite having this beautiful boy getting off on John tasting his erection, on his knees and everything, and now it makes perfect sense why Sherlock couldn't keep himself from coming the moment John was done.
Victor turned to him with a blank stare, giving him a once over in a similar fashion to Sherlock's ever-knowing gaze without the actual scrutiny, the look seemingly just for show, before resting his eyes on John's face. He sighed and looked away. "Mm, no."
"Keep it on," John amends, running the flat of his hand down the number three along Sherlock's spine, reveling in the shiver it produces from the slender frame above him. "I like you in it."
"You don't… Jesus Christ, we just slept together for the first time and you're just going to fucking bail?" John demanded. Now he was getting angry. This was not proper relationship etiquette. This was not on.
John can see Sherlock fidgeting with the hem of his shirt, staring at his hands. "Have you ever...done that before?"
And Sherlock immediately begins to panic as he finds a round-faced boy staring back at them through glassy, lidded eyes, mouth quirked in a lazy smile, a tumbler full of unsettled amber liquid clutched in his grasp.
Sherlock scoffed. "Oh, I doubt that very much, John." He paused. "Was he polite with the rejection?"
The ride is filled with conversation about the game, which is completely stupid. John knows that Sherlock has no interest in rugby or the other team's dirty tactics or the officials making bad calls.
Hands are fisting in the front of his shirt and Sherlock is abruptly hauled to his feet. He coughs out a surprised gasp and blinks to see John Watson's narrowed eyes staring him down.
Grateful to have something to do besides breathe deep, Sherlock puts the bottle to his lips and gulps like a drowning man, cold water soothing his grainy throat and Mike chuckles beside him without saying a word, letting Sherlock suck down all the water he can manage.
Sherlock attempts to cough out a condescending laugh at that completely ridiculous statement because Lord knows he hadn't held it together today, not even a little bit, but the sound comes out as more of a bitten-off sob and Sherlock vows not to speak again during this conversation for fear of that sound reappearing.
Sherlock relaxed slightly. They made their way up the rotting steps and into the front hall, both heads on a swivel already, searching for the injured figure of Bill Wiggins.
"I love you," Sherlock whispers with a smile, wrapping his arms around John's neck to bring him down further into a healthy snog,
Sherlock snorted, trying to seem like he was enjoying himself but John could see him fidgeting under the table. "I don't have a badge but yes, on occasion I use a small hand lens when necessary."
"Yeah?" Sherlock whispers, bright eyes looking up at John like he's hung the moon just for Sherlock and John's heart skips a beat.
"You still want to partner with me?" The words escape him before he can stop them, because they do sound truly pathetic, but Sherlock doesn't understand. That doesn't make
Even without looking, Sherlock knows John's face has gone a bit dark, reading between the lines of Sherlock's aborted sentences. "That bastard," John mutters under his breath more to himself than anything before his hand is reaching into Sherlock's view. "Hey," John whispers for his attention but Sherlock can't bring himself to raise his eyes. "There is
Then makes his own less than smooth way to the edge of the lake, ignoring Molly's knowing glare. After the other night and the woods, John is certain everyone knows, but he can't be arsed to care. Not when a most likely naked Sherlock Holmes is waiting for him in the shower.
Mike nodded theatrically and waved his arms as he spoke, punctuating every word like he'd just been to war. "Oh yes, we did. We stormed in there, made some very serious threats, explained we would be back if he ever hurt you again, demanded he be a good man for you!"
Sherlock nods calmly, not at all affected by John's tone. He beckons John to follow, still backing up toward the door as though his calm demeanor will somehow keep the liquid from detonating. "Yes. Come along. No need to stay in here to experience it."
Anderson's in his goddamn head and now he's complaining to the boy he's madly in love with about still being a virgin and good god he's lost his mind officially. He's officially gone completely mad.
it. Of all the things that are driving him right around the twist from last weekend's ill-fated party, there are two things that John cannot stop thinking about.
mother who loves to tease her son. Yes, he likes bees. So what? It's not some bit of important information for his flatmate to have. And certainly not-
"I'd like to ask that you partake in the discussion of us becoming something more then friends," Sherlock finished.
He opens one eye to see the boy has moved just to the side, away from the door, opening a path. Sherlock looks from the door to the boy, who nods his head toward it. "I'd hurry," he says.
They pushed open the doors to find a rather swanky event already in full-swing, small tables scattered around the court, three bars placed purposefully in each corner, a small dance floor sitting strategically in the center. Men and women mingled in small groups, drinks in hand, smiling and chatting excitedly.
He didn't want to just fuck John, although that thought was pleasing all by itself. He almost thought he could maybe want…
Sherlock closed the door, shrugged off his coat, hung it up, pulled off his gloves, toed off his shoes, then awkwardly said "I'm going to wash up," and disappeared into the loo. John frowned after him. Was Sherlock… nervous? Why was he nervous? This was his bloody area. He was excellent at this. It was John who should be nervous!
"You're so tired of being a good little boy, aren't you, Sherlock?" John murmurs lewdly. "You're sick of being put together all the time. Being prim and proper. You want to be a little bad, don't you?"
John drops to his knees and looks up at Sherlock through long eyelashes and grins wickedly at him before winking, “See, that wasn’t hard now was it?”
The venom in his words is less about Irene's statement and more about how disappointed Sherlock is that it's not accurate.
Sherlock blinks several times down at the message before the heat in his body starts to creep both north and south, up into his cheeks and down into his hips, the territorial side of his brain kicking into high gear as he rereads the words, biting down on his bottom lip and sinking into the thought.
"Really," Irene responds, not even giving him the courtesy of looking at him. "You found that bottle of vodka and poured those shots yourself and then downed three of them? All on your own?"
"I didn't," Sherlock replies around a dry mouth, clearing his throat and taking a sip of water before continuing, feeling a little less like he's standing on shaky ground. "Mrs. Hudson did actually. A long time ago, she brought Mycroft and I here for dinner and it sort of became our place. I'm sure you can only imagine my fat brother stuffing his face with all the pasta they have here."
. John was currently lost at sea, rolling along with the waves of unadulterated pleasure that tight wet heat on his cock was currently delivering to him, hips jerking in time with the swirls of Sherlock's tongue. He moaned against his arm, sobbing muffled little cries as his seed burst into Sherlock's mouth. He tasted blood as he bit into his own skin, wailing with the surge rushing out of him and into the boy on his knees.
He's elated, tightening his grasp on John's waist, burying his nose in John's hair, tiny thrills racing under his skin as he holds John's trembling body through his release.
Something didn't sit well in John's stomach at that conclusion but he shook it off and closed his eyes.
Four words uttered from that very distinct, clear voice might as well be the shrapnel of an explosion, scattering itself around their dorm room for how hard Sherlock's ears ring with the aftershocks, the coolest of shivers trickling down his spine ever so slowly spreading out to every cell of his body, limb by limb, utterly shocking him into place, fingers snapping tightly closed over the hem of the jersey still on him and Sherlock cannot seem to comprehend anything around him as his world tilts off its axis.
"Well, I-…" Sherlock falters for a moment, desperately racking his brain for some other statement besides
straight. That fact was proven in month two of living together when John went out on two dates with Amy Morton and one with Julie Davies, both fizzling quickly,
He felt John's fingers digging in to his hips, holding on for dear life, all but melting against Sherlock as he accepted everything he gave him. Sherlock slid his hands down John's neck, feeling the soft grey jumper he was wearing beneath his fingers, so warm and inviting, so
The grass rustles with footsteps and then John Watson is standing in front of him, smirking that stupid, knowing smirk and Sherlock's breath catches.
They enter the dance, Molly's arm hooked in Sherlock's, and Sherlock is already scanning for John and Mary.
The bell rings sharply in his ears and he wonders if the world would be kind enough to split wide open today and swallow him whole.
An entire year, he's been gone, starting his university career, studying for a major he very much doesn't want or need, spending every moment worrying about how she's doing, texting his head riding coach Mrs. Hudson incessantly for updates and photos and anything to tell him that yes, she's alright and yes, she's being taken care of.
Clicking off the most recent disappointing article with a huff, Sherlock navigates his way to the next site he'd saved, only to find this one filled with less advice and more personal stories, including information on the actual event and recommending actions to very specific scenarios. Finding several of them not only useless but also highly unlikely (
A laugh bubbles over Greg's lips and both boys turn back to him. "It's a pleasure, Sherlock," he says with a genuine grin.
Then promptly panics at the realness of the question he's about to pose before chickening out and whispering stupidly, "Are you awake?"
John holds unbelievably still, worried gaze watching for any twitch, any flinch, any sign of pain, and Sherlock smiles in return, appreciating the careful attention, running loving hands along John's flanks and taking steady, relaxing breaths. "I'm okay," he whispers. "It's just new. Takes some getting used to."
John glares. "That's actually not true but thank you for putting it so delicately." Scrubbing a hand down his face, he looks away from Sherlock into the courtyard. "Yes, I've had relationships but… I don't know. I guess I never felt that way about anyone. I didn't want to just do it with some random person I'd probably not be with for very long. None of them were…" he trails off, shifting his weight from foot to foot.
He feels something like a predator stalking their prey. He's watching like a hawk, head on a constant swivel, searching for dark curls and light skin.
"Okay, but really," Mike was saying. "How do you always know where we are? John says you do some weird voodoo thing where you know everything."
Sherlock's eyes swept the floor, he turned, then jumped into the air and cheered. "Yes! Oh, god it's like bloody Christmas! They know. Of course they know. Excellent. And Anderson? That man is a complete imbecile but if he's involved… oh the net must be vast. Must be intricate…delicate…pull one thread and…"
"Your crush is sweet and all, John," Victor said with a flick of his wrist. "Really, it is. But be realistic."
John's fingers card through his curls, laying such gentle, sweet kisses against Sherlock's lips. Sherlock's arms are wrapping around John's waist, holding him close, locking him in place.
John finds himself grinning right back, the familiarity of his best campmate and the start of summer something he'd longed for all year long. The heat is something he always has to get used to, living in London during the school year, but it's worth the acclimation to be back here again. He dreams about this place for months on end, having attended sleep away camp since he was a boy, finding the ten weeks away from city lights is like living in a whole other world. He loves it here. It's not that he has anything against London - he loves it there too. But there is something about warm, starry nights and clear blue skies that just gets to John. That makes him so unbelievably happy.
"Nope," Molly shakes her head, eyes skittering across the pamphlets and papers strewn across the table. "It's for a – er – charity."
Turning as hard as he can away from the kind boy guiding him out onto the front porch and waving a hand out to keep him far enough away, Sherlock opens his eyes long enough to see a giant green fern laying beside the cement steps.
," Sherlock spits the word disdainfully, although the hint of a smile still playing on his lips makes the jab less successful. "Wouldn't want your team getting restless without their champion, now would we?"
Processing time has slowed significantly in his hard drive brain and Sherlock is blinking uncomprehendingly, emotions still twisted up in
"Oh for godsake," Sherlock rolls his eyes impatiently. "It was a single conversation. No punches were thrown. It's fine."
"Oh I won't be stopping, love," John grins, pressing his clever fingers further inside. "Not unless you ask me to."
"Oh please, Paul," John interjects, to Sherlock's relief, "we don't need Sherlock's genius to deduce that you're totally into your maths professor, now do we?"
Which was when John noticed his own hand was reaching out over the short distance between them, fingers only just grazing Sherlock's smooth, porcelain-like cheekbone, finding the skin under his hand rather warm to the contrasting chill he'd always assumed it would hold. He should move away, he knew he should, but once he made contact there was no going back. He watched the movement, mesmerized by the sheer fact that he was touching, actually touching Sherlock, the hand grazes and leg bumps and lingering stares suddenly seeming so dull in comparison to this intimate moment. He trailed his fingers down to the curve of Sherlock's barely-there smile line, wishing Sherlock would grin so he could dip his finger into the dimple on his cheek and feel the deepness of it. He continued his caress down to Sherlock's chin, following the sharp line of his jaw, dragging his touch up and up, until his fingers rested on the Sherlock's bottom lip.
There is a spice that he can't define, mixed with something soft and natural, all lying just below a nice clean scent, like fresh towels and soft sheets. The ends of dark ringlets tickle John's ear and he can just make out how silky they truly are. Silky and smooth, just like they look.
Plucking two small, clear shot glasses from one of the cabinets, Victor sets about filling each to the brim, just narrowly avoiding it spilling over the edges. Biting his lip to keep the nerves at bay, Sherlock confidently steps up to the counter, sets the beers down and and picks up the now full glass, eyeing is carefully, attempting to gauge how large of a swallow will be required to put back this much liquid. Victor raises his own shot glass beside him and smirks. "To Chemistry?"
A laugh escapes Sherlock's lips at John's self-deprecating smile and shake of his head, round cheeks blooming with dark red splotches. "It's alright," Sherlock says softly, biting his bottom lip to keep the infectious grin on John's face from spreading to his own.
a single piece, John," Sherlock argues from behind John, still perched at his desk as John gathers his things to head to the boy's dorm floor loo. "It's made up of several pieces and different walls and… a-and…"
Everyone had hit on Sherlock that first semester. Everyone. His alluring presence was rather difficult to stay away from, with his messy dark curls and shimmering green eyes and porcelain-like skin, most people falling all over themselves when trying to speak to him. It didn't help that when Sherlock was trying to decipher bumbling idiot speak, he pressed his tongue to his top lip in concentration, revealing the silver bar that pierced the muscle, making the poor bastard who was trying to work up the nerve to request a date stutter even worse, probably imagining all the filthy activities they wished that tongue ring could be doing to them.
John coughs slightly as Sherlock's cock hits the back of his throat and suddenly Sherlock's hands are gone and his hips go still.
"I don't think that was Lestrade's point," John argues, still soft and reassuring, taking Sherlock's attitude in stride.
"Yeah, don't we all," the guard responded coolly. "Talent is for looking, not touching. Why don't you head on home before you get yourself in trouble."
"I love you, John," Sherlock's gravelly words filtered into John's ear, snaking through his mind, down into his chest and closing, wrapping themselves snuggly around John's heart. He breathed a shaky, broken sob, stroking himself frantically as pleasure swept over his entire being.
