“We are dancing on fish, John – we are
Finally, Sherlock reached the stage, and as he walked across the stage, the sound of his feet was the only sound that filled the auditorium. When he reached the podium, he gripped the sides of it until his knuckles turned white.
“He’s already upstairs,” Dean replied, then looked to John and Harry.
“Mind palace,” Sherlock whispered, feeling his own crumbling down in preparation of his death; feeling so incredibly stupid –
“The Arena. Did you figure it out?”
“It’s not right,” she said, with tears in her eyes. “I can’t go in there without them.”
“Let them,” Harry muttered, grabbing a spoon and plunging it into the bowl of food. “Honestly, I don’t see how they expect us to eat all this shit at a time like this, anyway.” And with that, she flung the stuff onto the door’s window.
Sherlock gave John complete privacy as he showered and got dressed, and John was simultaneously grateful for and saddened by that fact. Just by the way Sherlock was acting, the way he was so careful with John, even though John didn’t think he could possibly be more careful with him, John knew that Sherlock was keeping what happened in the stairwell in mind. They both were, and not necessarily by choice.
It was true – the Hunger Games was just a glorified battle to the death, and Mrs. Hudson, the woman who escorted two unlucky teenagers from District 12 to Panem’s Capitol, was just helping send those kids to their deaths. And this – the twenty-three deaths each year, the seventy-four years of Hunger Games – was all because of a rebellion against the Capitol that had occurred almost seventy-five years ago.
But somehow, this was so much worse.
John – had seen it in him – the whole time –
“What’s that remember?”
They were silent as he took a swig and gave the canteen back to her.
“Hey, John,” Alexander replied.
Or, at the very least, long enough to go into his room and shoot up before the memorial services later that day.
“You know, don’t you?” he asked, glancing back and forth between John and Harry. “Both of you?”
Mycroft sighed.
“Okay,” Sherlock said, slowly, and was surprised to realize he wasn’t entirely sure of where the conversation was going.
John did not ask if he was alright – he knew the answer to that, already. He knew that Sherlock was the furthest thing from alright; he didn’t need Sherlock to say it out loud.
As Sherlock fought to get his foot out of his boot, he thought about how to fall. He knew he definitely couldn’t land on his feet – that would involve turning completely the other way, and there was no way he could do that between the time he freed himself and the time he hit the ground. Even if he could, falling from this height would end up shattering his ankles at the very least, which would render him as good as dead. He had to protect his head, though, so curling into a ball would have to do enough. As long as he didn’t land on his front he’d be fine –
“Sherlock! Sherlock
“You should not have done that,” Mycroft warned, and Sherlock was reminded of the fact that his brother had once killed others – had the reflexes of a whip.
“Asshat.”
“...open the...
My Blood - Ellie Goulding
wanted of him, and just let his body make the decision for him.
But he couldn’t, not without Sherlock and Harry dying, too.
“Ah,” she said, nodding. “Probably just checking in. He was Mycroft’s best friend, after all – it’s kind of in the unofficial rules of being best friends that you have to look after their siblings if they can’t.”
And the scourge descended upon them.
“Honestly, what do you think I said? I said no, of course,” he answered before John or Harry could reply to his rhetorical question, glaring ahead in concentration. “And then he went out there and made that confession – asked for imprisonment – trapped me –”
After Harry came Dean.
Sherlock scratched idly at the injection spot in his arm, rubbing his fingers over the bump the tracking device made in his skin. For a moment, he briefly considered the absolutely impossible idea of escaping the Arena. If he could get this bean-sized thing out of his arm – if he found a place to hide from the cameras to extract it – he could get out of there. That was his theory, at least. There was a force field of some sort around the Arena – that was the only logical thing he could think of keeping the tributes in but still allowing the Capitol to pass in and out without trouble. The trackers kept them in – hurt them if they got out.
Paul Sawyer, 23, District 8.
“Yeah, no, I’d rather not,” Sherlock replied.
She nodded again, and they separated – Lavinia doubling back to set the Avoxes and the Avoxes-to-be free, and Mycroft going on to the next room.
“Dean told me. Today. When we were in Mycroft’s room.”
“Come in,” John’s voice said from within, and Sherlock slowly opened the door. John was curled up in bed, facing away from him.
“John, this is Marius, Coburn, Oceana, River, Finn, and Heath, and our lovely escort, Miss Sybil.” Dean said, and, as he said their names, each person smiled or waved or gave some acknowledgement that John was being introduced to them. “Would you like something to eat?” Dean went on, walking ahead of John to the head of the table, where an empty place had been set, next to what John assumed to be Dean’s seat. It was then John noticed that Dean and Alexander were the youngest victors in the room – the rest of the victors ranged from their thirties to fifties. “We’ve got plenty to share,” Dean invited, patting the back of John’s chair.
John leaned into Sherlock, resting his forehead on his boyfriend’s shoulder.
It wasn’t a trick – it wasn’t a trap. They were coming home.
“Lavinia,” he tried, and she nodded, then opened the door for him before he could say anything else. Luckily, the main room in the penthouse was empty – there was no sign of Mrs. Hudson or Cinna or Mycroft or –
Great – his discomfort was obvious, then.
Sherlock nearly choked on the water he was currently drinking as it spurted from his mouth in surprise. He rounded on his brother.
“And I’m sorry for what I had said before about you and John –”
Harry was nowhere to be seen.
“I’ve found Dean is unlike most of the Career tributes,” Mycroft informed him. “Not to mention the fact that I didn’t have much a choice, either way.”
Music for this chapter:
“Well, I heard last night didn’t exactly work out, so I assumed –”
Just like that.
“I –”
annually,
Sherlock gave Harry one last hug, and then passed through the door that Mycroft held open for him, saying their goodbyes and assuring her that they’d see each other again within the next half hour, and then it was just Sherlock and Mycroft.
“Indeed,” Magnussen said, nodding. “Final four, in a few minutes.”
“‘Maybe,’” he chuckled darkly. “Try a lot; you gave him a lot, and we both know it. Maybe even enough to worry you, but you didn’t want to think about it too much, am I right?”
“He must have done
“Let’s try somewhere else,” he suggested coolly, and John had no choice but to follow him. “You have to be calm, John,” he said, taking a sip of his wine-and-whiskey concoction. “Remember what I said?”
“Nice hat,” she said to Mycroft, acting as if everything was fine.
Harry was the first one to come out of her room to greet them, followed quickly by John.
And John turned around and saw Sherlock staring at him, and instantly knew that he hadn’t heard a word whatever John had said after that moment, knew that the gears in his head had been turning since the words came out of John’s mouth.
Sherlock wanted to lean back, close his eyes and enjoy his Morphling high. His body was already feeling the safe, warm feelings that the Morphling always gave him, and it would definitely keep Hannibal out of his thoughts if he continued on the road to his high, but instead he leaned over and turned the dial back down to a little less than halfway, and focused on nothing but the beeping of his heart monitor as he closed his eyes and went back to sleep.
“He just confirmed that. There were twenty-four sectors – one for each tribute, just like we said. But now, they don’t need twenty-four sectors. They only need three – one for you, one for me, and one for Magnussen. So –” he went on, crouching down and drawing a circle in the ever-piling snow on the ground with his finger. “We’ve just been told that the Gamemakers split the Arena up into three,” he announced, dividing the circle into thirds. “You and I are here,” he said, poking his fingers on either side of one of the dividing lines. “Which means that Magnussen is somewhere over in this sector.” He pointed at the empty section of the circle. “Now that the information about said sectors is known to us, our elements can come out full-force; the fear gas is no longer clear, and, as you can see, it’s started snowing on my end – and Magnussen has a Ravenstag or two but I’ve dealt with them and they’re basically harmless as long as you don’t bother them. But, Claudius also said that the sectors will combine as we do, so if you cross that line that the snow’s creating right now, our sectors –” Sherlock swept his hand across two thirds of the circle, leaving only one third untouched. “– will become one.”
For a second, he believed that John was going to push him away, inform him that kissing him won’t help him avoid the question, but he didn’t. In fact, John seemed to melt into the kiss, pushing the question to the backburner, because they were both there. Together. Alive. And, right now, that’s all that mattered.
In fact, Harry, John’s sister three years his junior, had kept Sherlock company the last time John and Mycroft left District 12 together; when Mycroft mentored John while he was in the Hunger Games.
John tried grounding himself – tried to keep himself from screaming, really – while he suffered through –
“Hm? What?” he murmured as he returned his attention back to the two girls.
“I fell to the ground – and that’s how the Avoxes found me. That’s how Lavinia found me. She asked me if I was okay – asked me what happened – asked me if I was hurt – and I tried to answer the best I could – and then I threw up. And she gathered a few Avoxes to help her, and she asked if I needed to go to the hospital wing, and when I said no they brought me to Mycroft, and he knew immediately that something was wrong, and, since it was Mycroft, I didn’t have to tell him anything – all I had to do was show him the cigarette burn on my chest, let him look at me long enough to put together the rest, and ask for confirmation. Once he had the idea of what had happened, Mycroft promised that, if Charles Augustus Magnussen returned from the Arena, he would make sure he was killed.” Finally, John took a deep, unsteady breath, and finally looked up at Hannibal Lecter Magnussen, tears still falling down his cheeks. “That’s what happened. In detail. Are you happy, now?”
. If you knew about what he had done you would’ve thrown all caution to the wind in order to kill him.”
There was a moment of silence before Hannibal answered.
“Yes,” he said, quietly. “Apparently Moriarty and Hannibal both think that I’m just like them – or I have the potential to be.”
Sherlock did not need even a moment’s contemplation to know his answer:
He gave John the option to stop, but he insisted that he wanted this, and, at first, Sherlock wondered if it was just a little unfair that he asked for John’s consent with his mouth so close to something that hadn’t been touched in this exact fashion for at least eighteen months. However, as Sherlock looked into his eyes, he knew that he did – he
“You didn’t have to do that.”
“Was Will going to win?” he asked.
“I’ll call you every day, at least once,” John promised. “If there’s no phone on the train I’ll piss everyone off until they get me one.” At this, Sherlock smiled. “And you'll have Harry to keep you company while I'm gone.”
“So you can map out a maze you’ve never seen before in your life but you can’t predict the future? Damnit.” Harry snapped her fingers, like her plans had just been foiled, and Sherlock huffed out a breath of laughter, rolling his eyes.
“Of course, time is something of which we don’t have an infinite supply...” Mycroft mumbled, and Sherlock replied by flipping him off.
“Where’s Sherlock?” John asked, upon finding that he was nowhere to be seen, and Harry, who had been helping John unload groceries, stopped short.
Music:
He was going admit it – he had to be.
“Come on, John, I’m –”
“Like, absolutely everything has changed,” she murmured, and, as tears began to form in her eyes, John reached out and put his hand on top of hers, and Sherlock did the same.
“Both Holmes boys against Caesar Flickerman? This ought to be good.”
“Yes!” John exclaimed, and in a moment of happiness, he hugged Sherlock’s brother. Mycroft squeezed John back, and something in John knew that, when Sherlock was gone, John would be on the receiving end of a lot of Mycroft’s hugs.
“We’re not like most people, Sherlock; you should know that more than anyone. We’re us – and if that means you don’t want to have sex that’s fine. We won’t.”
“Sherlock – Sherlock!”
“Only because he has to,” Sherlock said. “He has to like everyone there, you know that.”
Mycroft Holmes was dead.
“Ah, yes. The merchant goes to District Four and is perfectly fine. Then he becomes a pirate, for some reason...”
For the first time ever, John was glad to be in the Capitol. They arrived the night of the tour’s stops in Districts 1 and 2, practically falling into their beds. The next morning, Sherlock and John were woken early to be prepped for the victor’s check-in interview with Caesar Flickerman.
“Hello, Dean,” Mycroft replied, smiling.
John instantly looked away from Clover and followed her gaze to Sherlock’s face – frozen with panic, eyes full of a memory that John couldn’t see – a fear – glancing between –
Two things stayed by John’s side throughout the morning: Sherlock, and an envelope marked
Dean could so easily make it sound like Sherlock wasn’t the only member of the Holmes family left alive. But everyone back in District 12 knew everything about everyone within the District – everyone knew the truth.
John then glanced into the crowd, but all he could really see past the flashing lights of cameras and faces he didn’t know, he saw President Coriolanus Snow himself perched in the balcony made just for him up against the back wall, raised so high above them that the top of the entryway’s arch almost touched the high ceiling.
At this point, Sherlock just wanted to go home.
“Holmes, William,” she called, and Sherlock turned around, suddenly realizing he had been staring at the wall for the past ten minutes.
Sherlock refused to step backwards – to press himself up against the door – to do what Hannibal wanted him to do. “That you broke into my hospital room to try to convert me? Yes, they know all about that.”
“My mother,” he added, breaking the silence, before he even realized the words passing through his head.
“Thank you,” Sherlock said after a moment. “For getting them to show us the stairs.”
Despite the gaping hole in Sherlock’s heart and in Sherlock’s life that was once filled by Mycroft Holmes, Sherlock was learning a new sense of normalcy. He was finally,
“What can I say?” Mycroft said, brushing snow off of his jacket. “My brother brings out the best in me.”
“How could they do that to Sherlock –”
about you, Sherlock.”
“It’s understandable,” John said, finally crossing the room and sitting in front of Sherlock, kissing him gently on the lips. “Hey,” he murmured once they parted.
Black Westwood. You should really start watching Connie Prince; she knows her colors - OH WAIT SHE'S DEAD LOL!"
“Eleven,” Harry replied, and Sherlock widened his eyes, then squinted at her.
“Sherlock?” Dean asked, and Sherlock realized that he had stopped just outside of his brother’s door, staring at the doorknob, as if waiting for it to open by itself, just like Sherlock had seen it do so many times when Mycroft was on the other side of the door. “We don’t have to do this today –”
Hamish ends up working in either District 3 (technology) or 5 (power) as an adult.
Instead of alerting John to the five and a half hours left of the ninth year, Sherlock simply nodded.
“Come, join us,” Dean said, leading Mycroft to the table.
“You’ve figured it out, then?” Charles Augustus asked.
But he trudged on, watching the world grow lighter and lighter as the sun rose upon the Arena. Now, Sherlock could finally see the crows, but he also saw that he had been following a path through the night; it became obvious that someone – hopefully Harry – had been there, too.
Sherlock sighed, closing the door behind him. He couldn’t kill himself. He was too cowardly; he figured that out a long time ago.
Mycroft Holmes and John Watson’s siblings –
“That’s right,” she said, filling up a syringe. “I’m gonna just poke you with this really quick – give me your arm –”
She obviously noticed him stiffen beside her.
“So you’re sending flowers to the mentors who...you know...lost their siblings?”
“Half a bite of everything – we’ll split it,” Sherlock muttered to John.
“Yes, they wanted a brief word with Mary’s family, but they should be at your house, right now,” Cinna replied.
“...Fifty-nine in the morning.” He looked up. “That means –”
MEANWHILE
And so, the three of them stood together, watching the world around them change, becoming familiar and also unfamiliar to them all at once.
“Who else? He was near your sister; what was I supposed to do?” Sherlock asked, shrugging.
“Thank you.” He was then going to turn around and go back to John – he had every intention of doing so – but before he could even think about it, the words were spilling from his mouth. “But there is something that I
But he couldn’t shake the feeling that something was wrong. Something important – something huge –
“Sherlock, stop!” Harry called from behind him, and Sherlock skidded to a halt, spinning around to face her.
with you after that –
As he threw up again, Sherlock grasped John’s other wrist, as if that was his only lifeline.
Wherever You Will Go - Charlene Soraia
“But I already told you your meeting with Hannibal has to be –”
“Can you give us any first-person accounts about the rebellion?”
As soon as the door closed, Sherlock sighed. He would get over this. He had to, eventually…right?
Sherlock nodded to himself, turned around, and walked off again.
“Testing the waters for what?” Harry asked.
Sherlock, still locking his eyes with John, whispered harshly:
“So I get the question?” Sherlock whispered, and Harry nodded.
“Come on, William, what can you see? Play with me.”
John was the first to speak, this time:
There would never be the Holmes Boys again. It would only ever just be him. The Holmes Boy. That one. The freak. The embarrassment. The addict. The one who
“Drop it,” he ordered, eyes dark, but Sherlock had one more question – he just had to be sure –
“And I don’t have any reason to worry, do I?” John asked, and even though his eyes and tone were playful, John could tell there was a degree of worry in John’s otherwise innocent question – even now, he was worried that Sherlock would possibly return to drugs, or that seeing Mycroft’s name on the Memorial and the statue on the ten-year anniversary of his death would be too much for Sherlock, and – underneath all that – there was a pang of jealousy; a worry that there might be someone else that Sherlock was meeting behind John’s back. In a way, that bit was right, but not in the way John was thinking.
idea?!”
“How was last night?”
Nothing really mattered, anymore. And so he just focused on what he needed to say.
He couldn’t lose himself, yet – the memorial service – Mycroft’s memorial service – was in just a few hours. Sherlock’s day had only just begun.
“What’s that, dear?” Mrs. Hudson asked.
“John,” Sherlock and Harry said in unison, and together they got up and began to sprint toward the exit – to find John.
Sherlock reached up, trying to fight him off – trying to find his eyes with his thumbs – he was pretty sure the man was blind at this point – if he could press the shards deeper into his eyes –
“You don’t have to wait in here for us – Sherlock wasn’t invited, either; you can wait outside with him, if you want to.”
“I’m scared,” Sherlock finally admitted. “John, I’m scared –”
“She has less injuries, is there anything I can do to help here?”
Yet the feeling was somehow familiar –
His name was John Watson.
“So?!”
John nodded, wiping the tears from his face.
Dean reminded them all this would be recorded for the record’s sake but would never be televised, and that only people in this room were able to vote, because only the people in this room were able to understand the horrors that each person went through. He then quickly introduced of Clover’s interpreter, Pollux, who was an Avox who escaped to District 13 years ago, who had agreed to sign for Clover – the only person in the room who was not a past victor of the Hunger Games.
– instead of trying to pick him apart and learn all his secrets and focusing on whether we’ve fucked or not – they’d be just as in love with him as
Mycroft shares the details of the last Quarter Quell with John; Sherlock and Harry attend their first training session; Sherlock makes an unexpected friend; Harry makes John and Mycroft aware of the friend Sherlock has made.
“I am sorry about that.”
RIP Gracie Grace, 2008-2016.
“I guess Will Graham killed you, after all,” he said.
“Right!”
Mrs. Hudson exclaimed, hysterical.
The biggest reminder were the passing Avoxes – they waved to these Avoxes as they passed, but the Avoxes immediately avoided eye contact. Another thing they changed when they realized that there were two tributes and the mentor in the stairwell was their hands – they moved them in the same way that Clover did when she spoke until they noticed they were not alone, and then dropped their hands immediately at their sides. They were signing – all of them were.
His defensiveness –
“Louise is back upstairs – where your room is,” Sherlock explained.
“You didn’t,” he murmured, and John turned back to him to see Sherlock staring at him, wide-eyed, surprised by his own deduction and how quickly it came. Sherlock knew exactly where he had been, and, by the lack of hope in his eyes, he also knew what John had done.
“Is it that obvious?” John asked.
She signed the question again.
“The morphling, Sherlock,” John clarified, still slightly agitated, and Sherlock looked away, trying to do the math in his head –
Sherlock didn’t respond to that letter. In fact, he didn’t respond to any of Harry’s letters after that, and he still didn’t pick up the phone. She sent a few more letters and called multiple times over the course of the next few months, but she finally gave up, starting her final letter with the fact that she would have travelled all the way to District 12 to drag him out into the sunlight, but she knew that he would just lock the door and not even face her, at this point. She announced that the letter that he was reading would be her last, but he was always welcome to call or write to her or make his way to District 9 or respond in any way. In fact, she hoped he would find it within himself to respond, but she refused to beg.
How had he not known this before? Maybe it was because all the times he had been up on stage he had Caesar Flickerman to lead the conversation. But Caesar Flickerman was against the rebellion – had ordered the Peacekeepers to capture the four of them – to apprehend Sherlock, John, Mycroft, and Harry. Maybe it was because he was always focused on the person who had been on stage with him – whether it had been John, Mycroft, or Harry – he had never been on the stage alone, not even alone with Caesar Flickerman. But he was alone this time, with no one to focus his attention on, to protect them and make sure they were alright. Maybe it was because all the times before the audience was made up of citizens of the Capitol – people who considered him less than human, and so he thought of them the same way. But everyone
But I'm just really thankful of all the support I've gotten over the past three years or however long it's been since I started posting this fic. It really keeps me going and I'm always really touched when one of you talks to me or shoots me a message (Seriously, Beatrice's message made me start crying in the car on the way home from work in front of my mother). And I wanted to thank everyone for being so patient - I know I keep pushing the deadline back but no one's gotten pissed about it and that always helps my anxiety stay in the chill zone.
He knew
And for just a second, Sherlock was glad he wasn’t going to ever have to face John again – he couldn’t, not with what he had just done.
“John?” Mycroft called, from outside. “Are you awake?”
And Hannibal Lecter Magnussen did not break eye contact with her as he answered:
John whipped his head up to look at Mycroft.
Sherlock nodded.
“They normally don’t broadcast anything that happens at night unless it’s ground-breaking, so I think we’ve got some privacy, for now,” Sherlock replied, still not raising his voice past a whisper, just in case.
it just as much as he could feel anything else – and he left the room, choking back a sob as to not to wake John.
“‘To Mister Mycroft Holmes and Mister John Watson,’” he read aloud. “‘Congratulations to you and your tributes, William Holmes and Harriet Watson, on winning the Seventy-Fifth Annual Hunger Games. In the fashion of last year’s Hunger Games, Seneca Crane and I have decided that John Watson will be forbidden from seeing or meeting either of the winning tributes until during the Victor’s Interview on Sunday night. For this reason, John Watson is excused from all mentoring duties between now and the Victor’s Interview, and is prohibited from attending the Hunger Games Recapitulation Ceremony and the following Banquet tomorrow evening. We strongly advise that you find a place for John Watson to stay that day, so he does not run into our newest victors between now and then. I am also requesting a meeting with the both of you on Sunday afternoon at my mansion at one o’clock sharp. I hope to see you then. Most Sincerely, President Coriolanus Snow.’”
And, for a moment, Sherlock Holmes watched as a fountain of blood and guts poured from her abdomen – far more blood and organs than there should’ve been held within the average person.
“Of course I didn’t. Mycroft’s not attracted to anyone, let alone to me. There was no use in me saying it out loud.”
“But the mentoring –”
Maybe he didn’t have to.
As they climbed through, John took a moment to think about it. Did he really like the people in the Capitol? He hated President Snow, that was for sure. There was Caesar Flickerman; he had helped John survive by helping him gain sponsors to help him in the Arena – no, John did that all by himself. Well, Sherlock declaring his love for John in front of the entire nation during John's interview with Caesar certainly helped him, but Caesar was nothing but a wall John was able to bounce himself off of, projecting himself in the direction of the audience and the Capitol’s sponsors. Then there was Mrs. Hudson – he did like her. She seemed to genuinely care about him. But then again, he was sure she made all District 12 tributes feel like that.
“That’s right.”
“Yeah.”
And then Sherlock Holmes cut off Magnussen’s penis and testicles, with Magnussen screaming the whole time.
“You're beginning to sound like my brother,” Mycroft said, and then gestured to the paper in John’s hands with his umbrella. “May I see what you’ve got?” he asked, and John held it closer to him, defensive. “Or, you may read it...or not.”
Maybe then he could have done something that would have changed everything – saved everyone –
“Because no one in Twelve goes down into the mines until they’re eighteen,” he said. “Coal dust doesn’t exactly do wonders on a child’s lungs – they’d be dead before their second reaping, and then what?”
Soft Skeletons - Anberlin
John and Mycroft hung back and let Mr. and Mrs. Watson said their goodbyes; the two mentors would be spending the next eight days saying goodbye every way they knew how. Mrs. Watson was bawling, and Mr. Watson even had tears in his eyes as he hugged Sherlock, and then held both sides of his head in his callused palms.
“Did you know there’s a mandatory broadcast tonight?” she asked him, and Sherlock and John looked at each other.
Once the Mycroft-Jabberjay was dead, the rest of the Jabberjays silenced themselves, leaving the two tributes in the now quiet section of the Arena.
“No – Harry. I got her away from him, though,” Sherlock added quickly, upon seeing John’s face paling. “I almost caused a bit of a scene, actually.”
“So we can’t help her?” Harry asked.
“We need to talk,” John whispered.
Sherlock heard the roar of a hovercraft, and Harry tore her eyes from his to look around. Once she thought of a plan, she turned back to him.
But maybe he had missed the similarities between them. Or maybe Mycroft had kept the similarities hidden – he
, and that’s why he did all this – because I
“And that involves hanging out with spiders?” Harry asked.
TW: talk of suicide
“Of course.”
Cardboard Houses by Hrvrd (for Mycroft's rage at Snow trying to make Mycroft the Capitol's plaything)
Louise stood up to stretch, raising her arms above her head, but John, Harry, and Sherlock all kept to their seats.
The two Watson children looked to Sherlock, and Sherlock nodded, expecting them both to follow Dean’s orders.
Before John could answer, the elevator doors opened, and Antonia Blake entered the room, her black and blue hair matching her black pants and blue t-shirt and her stormy demeanor.
“I saw you in that Arena – John did too, of course, but he wasn’t there next to you. I saw you when Mycroft died – and yes, John did too, but he was more focused on helping Alexander get you out of that hallway – he wasn’t watching
Sherlock breathed his brother’s name as he ran into his arms, hugging him as the Peacekeepers closed the door.
When John opened it for Sherlock, they came face-to-face with the head trainer – Atala, John had told him – with a crying boy – Archibald Neal – holding her hand.
“I’m absolutely pissed,” John whispered to his sister, as they stood side by side and watched the tributes from District 11 – John and Elizabeth Smallwood, with their brother, Duncan – with Caesar on the backstage screen.
didn’t want to go hear whatever Hannibal had to say, especially not alone. But if Dean was right, and Hannibal’s statement
“Off you get,” she said, and, after a quick goodbye, John went for the elevators, and Sherlock went to start his training.
feeling, even in the waking world.
“It’s fine,” John said, waving him off. “Well?”
He cleared his throat, straightening out his eulogy – not his as in written
“Sherlock! Do you regret the decisions you made in the Arena?
“Since the Avoxes will be here any minute, I should escort Sherlock back to his room, but I wanted to be the first to say you how proud I am of both of you for surviving the Hunger Games. I never thought there would be two winners, but you two did the impossible, and for that I’d like to THANK MYSELF AND THE ACADEMY.”
Hamish looked behind him, back at the statue.
“William – Harriet – What’s your strategy?”
“It is,” Mycroft replied.
“It’s beautiful,” Sherlock murmured.
But, I couldn’t do anything to change their minds.” Finally, the prep team backed away, and Mrs. Hudson grinned at John. “There, now we can hug properly!” she said, and hugged him again. And finally, with his arms free, he was able to hug her back.
There was an unbearable silence, Sherlock’s hand waiting between them, shaking slightly, as Magnussen thought about Sherlock’s demand. Finally, he shrugged, removed his glasses, and put them in Sherlock’s outstretched hand.
overdose.
His eyes fluttered closed...
apologize for living through the Games; that’s not what the Capitol wants to see. Do you understand me?”
She just sobbed, begging into the black abyss of the Peacekeeper’s mask.
He tried to move on from that night, tried to act like a normal human being (or like his normal self, at the very least), but most of the time he had no idea how – he had no idea what to do without Mycroft. Not to mention the fact that even simple things like getting out of bed or eating or merely existing all exhausted him, most days. He watched as John and Harry were able to do these things so easily, envious. They had lost their whole lives, too – how were they moving on, when he missed his brother so much sometimes he could barely stand it – could barely breathe?
“I think I found what I want to do. I mean, as long as you’ll teach me.”
But the three ran through the backstage area anyway, weaving their way through the crew and set designers who were running for their lives, trying to ignore the gunshots, trying to not think about Sherlock and Mycroft, and trying to find a way out.
“Gladly,” Sherlock said, and, as the sun began to set over the Arena, the two District 12 tributes walked through the maze, side by side.
They soon found themselves approaching a section of hallway, just before a three-way fork, that was littered with the bodies of three Peacekeepers, their blood splattered around them, either dying or already dead.
“...Will do,” he mumbled quietly, then turned to Harry and gave her a thumbs-up. John was on his way.
“Who are you calling?” Harry asked.
“He may have gotten the leg up on me that night, but he showed his hand, too: he knows everything there is to know about everyone, even our darkest secrets. He attacks people who are different and preys on their fears.”
John then looked over at his sister, and as soon as she saw him looking at her she pulled up one corner of her lips into a sad excuse for a half-smile, and he reached out and held her hand, too.
“Yeah, just this ointment I had to rub into your wound,” Harry replied. “Nothing injectable,” she added, answering Sherlock’s unasked question.
mentors, after all. We need to know what the tributes are going to face so that we can help them in their preparations.”
“I probably wouldn’t get the opportunity to speak with you afterwards.”
What John needed though – what he
They approached the door to the backstage area – a door that was being used by bystanders trying to find the nearest exit, and found Alexander – still in his Peacekeeper uniform, the helmet completely disregarded, now – pushing his way through the crowd of people.
“Godspeed, little brother,” he said. “The world will never be the same without you.”
She looked up, wide eyed, at her brother.
“Oh jesus christ this is just like that fanfiction I read” Jim cried.
and he pulls this shit – that was such a Career move – he has
He watched as two men – former Avoxes, it looked like – wheeled in a seven-foot long table, with a long, large wooden box atop it. They placed the table in the pit before the stage, and opened one side of the box –
Snow was lying, that was obvious. For a cheating, power hungry president, he was, in this instant, at least, a terrible liar. Unless, of course, he did not mind that Mycroft knew about his involvement in John’s disappearance, because he knew, or he at least thought he knew, that Mycroft was unable to do anything about it.
“I wouldn’t miss it,” Sherlock assured John, knowing that that would touch him – he knew that John was more than aware of the fact that Sherlock hated the publicity that they still got, and that he’d rather skip out on the book release, but the thought that he wouldn’t miss it, even if it was just because he loved John and wanted to support him, would ease his mind.
I know that they're adopted, but Hamish looks just like Sherlock and Rosie looks just like John, and they both inherited Sherlock's genius.
,” Sherlock said. “I mean, look at us. We know I had to die sometime but now that we know that I’m going to die in just a few weeks...”
to him, but he had no idea what. Maybe he did something wrong? Maybe he was in trouble?
“Well, of course there will be people – that’s the point of a banquet, after all! Attendance is non-negotiable, Sherlock Holmes, and if we don’t get going we’re all going to be late!”
Sherlock bit his tongue to keep from being rude to the Capitol citizens – he bit down so hard he could slightly taste blood – and soon enough he and Harry were being led away by Peacekeepers to the remake center, and away from John and Mycroft.
“My father owned the cemetery. When he passed a few years ago, he passed it and all of its duties down to me and Daniel. Daniel, he actually – he was the one who carved Mycroft’s name into that stone… But anyway, you see things, as a caretaker. You see the way someone looks at the grave of a loved one for the first time – the way they can hardly look away from it, the way their body has no idea what to do – you know it well. You can see it from a mile away.”
He wanted
“That’s not her name, is it?” Sherlock asked. He was always terrible with names, but he couldn’t remember ever meeting anyone by the name of Evvy.
Super glad I scrapped that idea.
If anyone wants to keep in touch with me between now and whenever this shit gets posted, I'd be happy to hear from you :D
His eyes then landed on the Magnussen brothers on the backstage screen. He grit his teeth as Hannibal Magnussen opened his stupid cannibal mouth –
“What is it?” Steven asked.
John stood quietly, leaning against the doorframe of his room’s bathroom, staring at Sherlock, who was sat on John’s bed. It had been hours since Dean left – once Sherlock had explained the situation with Hannibal, Dean quickly gone to count up the votes from the day’s hearings – and Harry had gone to bed; the two boys were alone in the world of John’s room, once again.
The others had not reached the penthouse by the time the two boys had arrived, which John was thankful for as he pulled Sherlock by the hand through the vacant sitting room, down the hallway, and to John’s room.
Mycroft was right – nothing was sacred, and nothing would ever be sacred again. He was losing everything, piece by piece, and it could never, ever be mended.
“What?” Caesar asked.
Mycroft cleaned obsessively – dusted the surfaces of the rooms of their house every other day, moving the rug in the middle of his room to sweep each night before bed, doing the dishes after each and every meal, washing his bedspread once a week without fail. Every object in the house had a place, and Mycroft would put every object into that place, making sure it fit there exactly to his liking before moving on. He had always been like this, even when they were children, their mother would call her boys “organized chaos” when they were together – Mycroft made up the organized and Sherlock made up the chaos. The dust was so unlike Mycroft that it almost ruined the room in general, to Sherlock.
And maybe, for the first time, Sherlock would.
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock whispered, a tear falling down his cheek and disguising itself in the rain. “I’m so sorry. Please,
And for a moment, John was back in the Arena, on his stomach, while Jim Moriarty grabbed his ass, pulling John’s knife out of his back pocket, ready to plunge it into his shoulder –
“Dean?” Sherlock asked, still groggy from sleep.
“That’s not real, is it?!”
that again.
They started running, all holding hands – John in the front, and Sherlock taking up the rear – pushing and weaving their way through the crowd, trying to find Mycroft or Alexander or anyone who could help them –
“John got hurt during our last training day – he kept acting weird – we all saw it, but we...he shut us all out. But now I know why.” Sherlock turned back to Magnussen. “Now I know who hurt him.”
to meet you!” she exclaimed, and Sherlock looked back to find Mycroft waving at his brother, then turning and making his way toward the food.
The Setting Sun by Switchfoot (another good credit song for Constantly, if it ended showing still frames of everyone smiling with subtitles like "Antonia Blake moved out of District 2, got married to a loving wife, and named her daughter after Aurora" and "Caesar Flickerman passed away in prison, after serving only half of his sentence," etc.)
“W-Will Graham?” Sherlock asked in a voice that was nearly a whisper, and the boy replied with one word – one word that sent Sherlock into motion again:
Sherlock opened his mouth to repeat it, but he couldn’t find the words to ask the question again – to ask how long John had been a father.
Both of them –
The two boys stared at each other, Sherlock in shock, and John in unspeakable rage – Sherlock didn’t need to see his face in order to know that John was beyond livid. At first, Sherlock was unsure as to why John would be this angry about Sherlock sneaking out, but then he noticed the small matchbox next to John – Sherlock’s stash. As soon as Sherlock saw the matchbox, he completely understood why John was so mad – he had every right to be.
“Well, don’t – it’s pointless. What’s done is done. I can’t get
“Of course. It’s all about knowledge; everything is. Over the years, I’ve learned that knowing is owning. Therefore, I own everybody – you, Harriet, Mycroft,
Harry threw her arms around her brother, crying again. Then she went and hugged each person in the room, thanking them for being in her locket and, therefore, in her life. As she did this, John stood before Sherlock, and took off the dog tags from around his neck – the first time he had removed it in the past year.
And so they were friends, until Harry moved to District 9 with Louise Neal.
Sherlock walked up to his boyfriend. “Hey,” he said quietly, and it took a moment for John to look up – for him to realize Sherlock was speaking to him. “Let’s go for a walk.”
He just –”
honestly
“And then you saved my life, twice. That kind of makes you a badass.”
“Sherlock –” she started.
“We’ve met before, once; a long time ago. When two of these gravestones weren’t here,” she said, gesturing to the stones before them.
And then, for a few people, it was just faces and names:
“No, you’re right, there was a reason. It was because Mycroft made a deal with Snow, after he won the Games,” Sherlock replied. “He asked Snow to allow him to stay in District Twelve until I was old enough to be reaped, and in exchange –”
“Well, in my defense, I
And Mycroft was. He would’ve given anything to follow Louise down to where Clover was waiting for him, relieve her of her duty, and continue his search for John. However, if he did that, or not even make an appearance in the penthouse at all, it would look entirely too suspicious, and set Sherlock’s brain in motion, alerting him that something was awry.
“Branded you?” Mycroft repeated. “You mean the burn you showed me?”
“I’ll find him.”
Mycroft gets shot and Sherlock runs to him like “ARE YOU FUCKING OKAY?????”
“It hurts, doesn’t it?” came a voice from somewhere within the room. Sherlock’s eyes adjusted, and he could just see a man outlined in the darker side of the room. “I suggest you restart your Morphling; I might have tampered with the tabs; my apologies.”
Watching her, now, Sherlock couldn’t help but think that Harry would be strong enough to live after the Hunger Games if he helped her make it there.
consequences!”
“You’re not allowed here,” John said quietly, unable to come up with anything actually intelligent to say, and Charles Augustus smirked.
“You noticed it, too, then,” Mycroft assumed.
“It can only exist in human flesh. It can only be transmitted through cannibalism, and therefore no one thought to find a cure. I will be dead before this time next year.”
Snow didn’t crown Sherlock and Harry as winners of the Hunger Games last night at the recap ceremony.
John was still shaking from the shock of what had happened, but he pressed on down the hallway full of empty cells, seeing it for the first time, feeling sick to his stomach.
“You alright?” Dean asked quietly once he had gotten close enough, and Sherlock nodded in reply, rolling up his right sleeve to expose his inner elbow – and the oldest scars from the last time he had found himself relying on Morphling.
“Hm. Interesting, that he let you come here.” He closed his eyes and took a deep breath through his nose, and exhaled. Sherlock was still trying to figure out what he was doing when he opened his eyes and spoke. “I smell a dog, and wheat grain beneath that shaving lotion. It’s something a child would select, isn’t it? Is there a child in your life in District Nine, Mr. Holmes?”
But, because President Snow and the Gamemakers were a bunch of self-absorbed, inconsiderate bastards, John was here, watching this all happen, seven floors above them, with Louise Neal to hold his hand and Alexander Waters to put his hands on John’s shoulders in solidarity, because they knew – everyone knew – that John should’ve been there, too.
“Because Helen told me – the night of the interviews, she told me. She took me aside and told me what he did to her, because she knew what he did to me. He... She said he liked her the most because she could...” He snapped his eyes shut, trying to keep from crying more than what was absolutely necessary. “She had the strength to abort any pregnancies that he forced on her. She...she said he’s never gone after a boy before. He…he wants me because we can’t reproduce – and if he wins the Games he’ll be too famous to do what he’s been doing in secret – everyone would find out, especially if there’s babies involved. Mycroft – he’s replacing her – he’s replacing all of those girls – with me. And he’s already promised to beat me and do what he did to those girls to me once he wins the Games.”
“It looks like Sherlock Holmes has decided to take a passive route with the Nightmare Stag!” Caesar announced.
Sherlock could tell that John had no idea why he would even suggest this, with all of their faces tear-stained and red from crying, but he felt like it was the right choice, and so, in Sherlock’s eyes, it was.
–” he spun around, toward the tributes and past victors. They were staring. They were staring because they knew. Everyone knew. He searched for words – trying to get them to forget – trying to make them not write him off as an addict –
wanted to know how John and Mycroft felt about it.
“Jabberjays copy whatever they hear – they had to hear
Any second now, the hive would come crashing down, right on Harry’s head.
“For Philip. Thank the Donovan’s for Sally. Thank them for the opportunity to meet them. They all know you were in the fog – they all know you didn’t have a choice –”
Mycroft finds Sherlock, and the Peacekeepers find them.
“And don’t you dare breathe
Suddenly, just as District 12’s chariot crossed through the doorway, John started sprinting, faster than his legs had ever carried him since getting the prosthetic, toward the doors. He didn’t care that people were calling his name – he didn’t care that he was probably in a world of trouble for even taking the first step, he just kept running, slipping through the crack between the doors before it closed.
I don’t know why I had Sherlock be afraid of elevators, but I think it’s the cutest.
Mycroft wrapped his fingers around the handle of the door that separated them from the party in the City Circle and paused, looking over at John.
“Don’t
Back to that time, to that bed – back before then, even. Back before Mycroft was shot. Back before Mycroft killed Snow. Back before Sherlock saved himself and Harry. Back before they were sent into the Games. Back before the first time Sherlock and John kissed. Back before Sherlock sent the iris to the Capitol. Back before the moment John was reaped. Back before Mycroft was reaped.
“Not lately, it isn’t,” John replied, crossing his arms. “What’s going on?”
“Sherlock?” Harry asked quietly, breaking the silence.
"No way! I was wearing a Charcoal Black Westwood yesterday -
“Don’t use said,” Sherlock said. “Said is dead,” he also said. “STOP THAT.”
He was still thinking about this when Atala opened the door.
Sherlock could hear the sound of boots – the Peacekeepers were coming –
Mycroft was furious, but then again Sherlock knew that the second John jumped aboard the chariot during the opening ceremony. In fact, he was surprised he couldn’t hear Mycroft bellow
was the one to be respected. There was only one person he didn’t do this with, and that was John, and that was only because of what he had done for Sherlock. That was, until now. Mycroft viewed John as his equal, which was the closest Sherlock had ever seen to him holding his esteem anywhere near another person’s, but with Dean Bainbridge...it was as if Mycroft was slightly – marginally – submissive to him. Not in any notable way – it was all in the body language between the two of them. Dean had mentored Mycroft almost nine years ago, and Mycroft still held himself in the highest of respects, but it seemed as if Mycroft looked up to him, as opposed to down on him, like he did with just about everyone he met.
Harry nodded solemnly, and took a swig of her beer.
“Well, fuck them,” Harry spat. “They’re wrong, and we all know it.”
Maybe the medication would keep his nightmares at bay, just for a night.
“I hope so,” Sherlock mumbled, not even loud enough for Harry to hear, just as he felt some water dripple on his head. He looked up to find storm clouds, and rain beginning to pour down, eliminating all the sectors – they weren’t needed anymore for the District Twelve kids. He looked at his hands and sighed, turning back to Harry. “I think this is the best they’re gonna get,” he decided, wiping his hands on his pants and making his way back.
“He wants a meeting with us,” he said quietly, not looking up.
Finally, they approached a door at the end of a long, empty hallway.
“Damn it!”
Until Mycroft Holmes was shot himself.
Music for this chapter:
“Of course, Mr. Holmes; my apologies,” he replied, though he smiled as he spoke, obviously excited over the fact that
wanted us to. Mycroft even gave me a ring – two, actually. Our wedding rings.” Sherlock then finally let go of John’s hand and dipped his hand into the neck hole of his shirt, and pulled out the necklace John had given him – the two dog tags they had both worn into their Arenas – the necklace John had never asked for Sherlock to return, never thought to – and revealed that the necklace now held two silver bands on either side of the tags. “I had these with me in the Arena,” Sherlock revealed. “I was going to do it – I was going to propose – once we were reunited, up on Caesar’s stage, but then everything happened...” he drifted off, staring at the rings on the chain for a moment, and then came back, looking up at John. “We’ve been split up by forces outside of our control so many times over the past few years that…it’s become obvious to me that I don’t want to ever leave your side again,” he whispered, tears filling his eyes. He composed himself and spoke again, fighting again to keep his voice steady: “With that said...John Watson...would you…will you marry me?”
“Yes, but, as you just stated, so did Harry. If he wanted to speak with you about his brother, he would have included her, wouldn’t he?” he asked, and Sherlock knew what was coming next. “Sherlock, before you go in there...” Dean started, pausing at the top of the stairs. “Is there something you need to tell me?”
“How are we, today? Ready for day two?”
As the two boys passed each other, John grabbed ahold of Sherlock’s arm, stopping him in is tracks.
“Don’t be – what could you have done differently?” he asked, and before John could give him the first answer that came to his mind –
death – and now I’m back in a nice, warm building with one of my dearest friends and my big brother – are those ginger nuts?!” Sherlock cut himself off upon seeing two cookies on Harry’s tray.
“I’M SORRY –
All of these memories swelled up inside of him, mixing into each other and forming a lump in his throat. This was that same girl, the one he had watched grow up into who she was, now, in front of him. But she looked so different, too. He imagined he did to her, as well.
It took a grand total of two hours for John to tell Sherlock everything that Charles Augustus Magnussen did to him and everything that he said, and to answer all of Sherlock’s questions. Of course, they didn’t spend the entire two hours talking – there are multiple occasions where John became so upset that he couldn’t continue, and like a good boyfriend, Sherlock was there~
The woman chuckled, stepping closer.
Mycroft does his best to keep up appearances, but the loss of Sherlock greatly affects him too. For a man who only ever drank during the Hunger Games, he suddenly drinks a lot more. The two seem to constantly remind each other that they didn't kill him; John to Mycroft especially, for Mycroft blames himself simply for winning his Hunger Games in the first place (this concept was touched upon in Constantly, especially in chapters 10 and 17, and it will be touched upon again in Chapter 19 of Advantage).
“Go for it,” she replied, just as the victors’ chattering had died down enough to start.
No, Sherlock had earned this fate.
After a night of trying and failing and trying some more to sleep, Sherlock woke up in his own bed, shaking like a leaf and sweating buckets.
Harry. They would banter when in the same room, but they never truly conversed until John was reaped for the Games. Then suddenly Harry was on his doorstep, and simple banter wasn’t going to cut it. She wanted serious conversation – she needed serious conversation, and all the empathy Sherlock could provide. As sick as it was, they bonded over that – over John’s potential future televised death and how much they didn’t want it to happen.
“What?” John asked, confused, too focused on what he had just heard to remember what Mycroft was referring to.
“That doesn’t mean you get to cheat off of him –” she started.
“Yeah, it’s fine, really. But, um, is there a way to broadcast it to just District Twelve?” he asked. “Instead of all of Panem?”
was that?” Mycroft asked, fuming.
“Thank you, I appreciate it,” John replied, but he knew – and he was sure they all knew as well – that the only person he wanted to talk about the assault with now was Sherlock Holmes.
“I was lucky that’s all I had to do.”
– with a single glance. I even know who will win the Hunger Games this year.”
they stay!” Sherlock shouted, tears falling down his cheeks again.
“Yeah,” he mumbled. “I guess so.”
“And now, may I present to you, our two victors of the Seventy-Fifth Hunger Games: Sherlock Holmes and Harry Watson from District Twelve, and their mentor, Mycroft Holmes!”
Sherlock nodded, glancing at the door, signaling for it to open.
“We didn’t know what you liked,” Alexander said him, popping off the top and revealing a dinner plate full of delicious-looking Capitol food. “It’s not like we could’ve asked Sherlock.”
John remembered the fact that he had once said those very words to Sherlock – just before his evaluation with the Gamemakers before going into the Arena:
Sherlock, Harry, and Archie Neal try to survive through the Bloodbath; Mycroft, John, and Louise Neal watch and react.
“Yes,” Clover signed.
Sherlock had replied, before he was able to stop himself.
Sherlock, John, and Harry adjust to living after the Games and the Rebellion; Sherlock reads Mycroft's notebooks; Sherlock continues to spiral further and further into addiction; Sherlock makes more reckless decisions.
Sherlock had bruises on his neck - bite marks.
you, you shithead. You can’t do this to us.”
He had hid – maybe if Archie hid, he could survive, too –
“Remember the three S’s –” she began in a whisper, picking John’s shoulders of non-existent lint, and John found himself grinning at her before she could continue. She looked at him, and returned the smile. “– Perfect.”
But he was a mentor – he had to be an example –
Sherlock closed his eyes.
wouldn’t that be enough to realize something wasn’t right?”
“Numbing agent?” Sherlock repeated – certainly not Morphling – Mycroft wouldn’t have allowed it –
“That...was
“Augh,
“Harriet Catherine Watson.”
“An honor?” Sherlock found himself repeating, sounding like a child.
MEANWHILE Mycroft was in his office, shoveling down one cake as he wrapped the other one to bring back home. In gauze.
“What does?”
John knew the ending to the story, but he still wanted Will to win, and when it finally came down to it, John could not watch Will Graham die. His eyes snapped shut, and he heard Will’s screams as Hannibal tore through his flesh with his teeth and ate his beating heart.
It was at that moment that Sherlock finally entered the room, and, though John tried to close the newspaper quickly so Sherlock wouldn’t see it, he knew that Sherlock had, indeed, read the title of the front page’s article.
“It’s not what you think – we just talked –” she started. “You know that – you can tell –”
“Come on, let’s go,” he said, eyes cold.
“A moment,” Mycroft replied, catching his breath.
idea what these two ate for lunch? Ice cream!” she answered for him, before he had a chance to reply. “Was this
The other William.
“Sherlock – Sherlock,” he called to him, putting his hand on his cheek to get his attention, just as the cheering was beginning to die down. Sherlock took John’s hand from his cheek and kissed it, his eyes watching his face. More than anything in that moment, John didn’t want to be the one to break Sherlock’s heart, to shatter his dreams and shove him into the harshest of realities, but he had to. “Vatican cameos,” he muttered, and Sherlock’s eyes widened and his smile fell into nonexistence.
“What are you doing here?” she asked with a sharpness that shot up Sherlock’s spine. There was a moment where he wondered why she was so angry, but then it came back to him: Clara left Harry when she needed her most, and then spoke badly enough about her to her brother to have him come after her.
“Morphling? Y-yes, I’ve given him some –”
But this isn’t the last you’ll see of me, not by a long shot.
The Capitol always loved Sherlock – loved
ily all bye~
Harry called again, her voice slightly more urgent than it had been the first time.
And, as the cameras flashed around them, Hannibal Lecter Magnussen spoke.
The gunshot.
He had to remind himself that Mycroft Holmes had been dead for one day, ten hours, one minute, and twenty-nine seconds. He was dead.
Everyone died – because of him –
Something bad had happened to John yesterday, but Sherlock didn’t know what, and John refused to tell him.
“Because he wanted your reactions to everything to be authentic, so no one would have any idea that there was a rebellion, or that either of you were part of it,” Dean explained, and Harry nodded in understanding. “But during the final interview, Mycroft sent the parents of Athena McAllister to check in on your parents, just in case the consequences of the interview was enough to affect them. If you remember, Anthea was the other Tribute from District Twelve who entered the Arena opposite Mycroft –”
Sherlock thought, but pursed his lips as he swallowed the words down, trying to find something different to say – something more appropriate.
“How long has this even been going on for?” he asked, prying the nearly empty bottle from her other hand.
“I hope we’re smart,” John finally whispered.
Slow Life - Grizzly Bear (for the three months between the twist announcement and the Reaping)
,” he exclaimed quietly, now watching the fish under the glass under their feet.
“Oh, John, I’m so sorry you’re being treated like this – I tried telling them that they shouldn’t be treating you like a prisoner, but no one would listen.”
The man nodded, taking the paper and reading it over.
At the first moment they were able to break away, they dashed towards the tables of food and took everything they could, splitting one small piece of each food item between the both of them. At one point, Sherlock had fed John his piece, which got them both a few cries of affection from onlookers. Inspired, John also fed Sherlock his half-of-a-bite every once in a while. Sometimes, one of them would even hold the whole piece of food in their mouths, forcing the other one to kiss them in order to receive their bite. It was cute and affectionate and so unlike Sherlock and John, which made it everything the Capitol expected to see.
“Oh, don’t be embarrassed, it’s quite alright!” Mrs. Hudson laughed. “I thought it was very touching. But it’s alright, now! Because the two of you will finally be able to be together, in just a few minutes!”
Sherlock and John glanced at each other. This was new – Mycroft rarely complained about anything, unless it was related to Sherlock.
“Sorry – wrong choice of words. I simply wanted to make sure you knew what you’re to do during the Victory Tour.”
“Oh – a bouncing baby girl; how precious. Tell me: are you a good father, Will?”
After about a month of asking, just to realize that he actually didn’t want Sherlock there, just yet, John stopped asking, taking Sherlock’s advice.
“They’d blow them up with the bombs under the pedestals,” Amanda replied before Mycroft could, but Mycroft was watching Clover signing something, and he translated for John:
“Hey,” he mumbled, looking around at the space around him from his place at the kitchen table – a space that he knew so well but, at the same time, didn’t really know, at all.
Mycroft paused, and John glanced around the table. No one moved, apart from Alan, who was interpreting for Clover. When it was obvious no one was leaving, he finished his speech:
Sherlock gets himself out of a sticky situation; Sherlock and Harry endure their first night in the Arena; Mycroft teaches John a couple of things about being a mentor.
But now – now that he thought about it – god, Sherlock didn’t realize how much he had wanted it, until now.
“He knows the system too well,” Sherlock muttered. “He knows that if he refuses to take part they’ll have to do what he wants, since they can’t exactly hurt him in order to get him to comply.”
“I was too focused on other things to see it,” he admitted. “And I’m sorry for that. I’m sorry I didn’t see. I tried so hard to protect you, even when you were just a child –”
“Do you just want to show up your brother or do you actually want to dance with me?” John asked as he took Sherlock’s hand.
“I only want to hear what you want to tell me –” Sherlock tried, but John shook his head.
but still it's a chapter I'm not dead and I didn't abandon the fic.
“Goodbye, brother mine.”
For just a moment, rage flared in President Snow’s eyes, but he grinned anyway, as if he wasn’t angry at all.
Mycroft doesn’t have friends.
“What, aren’t you glad I’m here, Myc?” she asked.
But this was not a victory.
And then, just like that, reality crashed upon John. Panem was a prison, and every single person who lived there was held hostage, unable to leave or to see the true light of day. And he had a meeting first thing in the morning with their captor.
“Pardon?” she asked, as if she didn’t hear him. They both know she had indeed heard him, but Sherlock repeated it, anyway.
“What? What did I say?”
“Of course.”
“Okay,” she said, still nodding, beginning to turn away from him – not because she wanted to, but because he requested it. “Whenever you’re ready, then.”
As always, please follow me on my snapchat (saraherbie) and instagram (sarastarrchild).
Sherlock was going to have sex with John Watson.
“I’m not in a walking coma,” John assured him. “And I won’t be in the morning, either. I am a survivor of these Games I don’t need to sleep –”
“John! Wait – who’s arm?” Harry asked, confused. Sure, she had heard Emmettson Blasscliffe’s name pass through Sherlock’s lips, too – Sherlock had even tried to ask her, once, without actually saying his name, but the look she gave him upon hearing the beginning of his request stopped him immediately – but she wasn’t able to deduce who John meant like Sherlock did.
Mycroft yelled, and his moobs went ballistic.
“I’m surprised you survived last year, given how weak you are. I thought for sure you would’ve been Bloodbath meat, like your sister will be.”
There was a silence, as everyone stared at John, positively shocked at what he had done. No one had ever offered any of their winnings to anyone before – John wasn’t even sure if it was allowed, but he didn’t care. John and his family could definitely survive without half a year’s winnings; they had lived without winnings at all for so long, anyway. In fact, John’s family was still forgetting that they didn’t have to use everything as sparingly as before, even six months later. A month of winnings could feed a family for a year if they were anywhere near as sparing as they probably have been for all of their lives.
“That’s
Music:
When Sherlock finally reached him, he placed his hand under John’s chin, making John look up at him. Wrapping his other arm around him, he kissed him. The audience’s volume continued to grow, and it was finally – for the first time – too strong for the deafening affect Sherlock’s kiss always seemed to have. And yet – somehow – it was everything John needed it to be. It was long and soft and unobtrusive and sweet and urgent and so very
“There we go, that wasn’t so hard, was it?” he asked, leaning forward, so he was closer to her eye-level.
Did you cry? I cried.
“We’ve never been very good with them,” Sherlock mumbled.
But there was one thought that kept cutting through, and that was what John thought about as he walked onto the stage:
“Well, when you think about it, you would’ve missed out on the joys of mentoring anyway,” John noted. “Since Snow wanted me to sentence you to death.”
“How do they work?” he asked, looking back at Magnussen. “Hm? Do they have to be on someone to work?” he quickly put the glasses on him, watching both the lens and Magnussen before him. “No –”
“Um. I don’t –” John tried, but she shook her head, a ghost of a smile on her face.
And he
At that moment, feeling of panic rushed over Sherlock as he glared at Hannibal, as he not only saw but felt Hannibal’s eyes on him – all over him – seeping into his skin –
Then it was John’s turn. He had no idea where to look, so he just looked at the untouched food as he spoke:
Once he was sure there was no way for her to escape, no matter how much she struggled, Magnussen ripped the curved knife from Aurora’s trembling hands, and bent down over her ear.
“Mischa died. More specifically, I killed her; I killed Mischa Simonetta Magnussen and I ate her remains. I know you’re all looking for more specifics as to how that happened, and I won’t be the one to deny you of your morbid curiosity.
It was John’s idea to create the book – to order a purple notebook from the Capitol; to request for Mrs. Hudson to cut out any articles about their relationship she could find (and she happily obliged, even sending articles that were printed during John’s Games she had personally saved, along with the two slips of paper that she had drawn from the bowls on those fateful reaping days); to go to each of their friends and ask for a description of what they thought of Sherlock and John’s relationship – to write down everything everyone thought of them. The tabloids, of course, got everything wrong, speculating everything from their sex life to their feelings about Sherlock being in the Quarter Quell to how they were living now. Their friends, on the other hand – the people who knew them – got everything right. They spent months compiling quotes and cutting out color pictures of each of them and quotes from the articles that had been written about them, and adding them to the notebook.
“She’s unpredictable,” Sherlock guessed, and Dean nodded.
“I hope so,” John replied, just as quietly. “Because, at this point, I would fucking lose it without you.”
He looked down at his left shoe, and wiggled his prosthetic toes within it, thinking of the missing limb that the prosthetic helped him conceal. There were people who loved that? There were people who lusted after that? He remembered showing off his ability to move his ankle on Caesar’s stage after his Hunger Games – were those people lusting after him even then? Just the thought alone turned his stomach.
“No, you don’t understand – there is going to be a lot of food, and the Capitol...how do I put this? The Capitol doesn’t mind wasting things. In fact, sometimes they revolve around wasting things. What I’m trying to say is this: there will be a beverage that will be offered to you tonight that will force you to...waste what you just ate.”
It was then John and Harry heaved one last time, and dragged Sherlock off of Alexander. As Harry and Alexander backed away to separate corners to get some distance between them and Sherlock and John, the two boys fought against the other for control – John trying to wrap his arms around Sherlock, and Sherlock trying to break free.
Antonia Blake is sentenced to incarceration with the chance of release.
“Remember –”
“Ah,” Louise said, and began to sit back down, but Harry placed her hand on Louise’s arm to stop her.
Please enjoy? ^^'
And so, John took the eight o’clock train out of District 12 on Thursday night and arrived in District 1 at five o’clock Friday evening, where he would arrive at the Hewlett’s home in their Victor’s Village thirty minutes early for the meeting.
“He – he said he was feeling
But he couldn’t move. He couldn’t stop staring at the ring – the ring, and everything it stood for.
“And you’ll find it?” John asked as Sherlock exited the bathroom and turned the bedroom’s light off as he passed the switch.
Sherlock was going to get shot –
“Really, I just want to know how many people he’s eaten,” Harry said, looking to her other hand. “I’m thinking that if he can’t give an actual number under the serum it’ll mean that he cannibalized so many people he literally
me –” Sherlock snarled, pushing John away.
The gunshot rang in his ears, and Sherlock jumped up at the noise, it sounded so real.
“Fuck!” she cried, and John caught her before she collapsed on the floor.
“No – not without you –” he looked back at Alexander. “We can carry him –” he looked back at Mycroft. “We’ll carry you – you aren’t
Sherlock thought back to what he had seen under the influence of the tracker jacker venom – Harry was on fire and Mycroft was telling him that he was stupid and the mere existence of Jim Moriarty and the water and the island and Harry dying and John...
“That’s a possibility,” Sherlock admitted, swallowing down the jealousy that raged within his chest. If he was with John that was fine – he’d see John within the next twenty minutes, give or take. “But he’s not one to lose track of time – his internal clock is always right, and he always makes sure he’s early for any sort of appointment.”
The look in his eyes when he saw Sherlock laying in the hospital bed hooked up to machines –
“Sometimes it’s easier for the victors to speak to someone who was in their shoes not too long ago,” Mycroft explained to John. “Or, in my case, doesn’t have a victor from their own District to mentor them.”
John Watson, victor of the 74th Hunger Games, prepares to go on the Victory Tour; Sherlock is invited to come along; John and Sherlock get a taste of what the Capitol thinks of Johnlock.
But John didn’t know, for sure. Even seeing Mary Morstan’s parents in District 12 now, six months later, made John feel like he was going to vomit on the spot, and he knew they forgave him. He couldn’t imagine what it would be like facing the families who resented him; who would never forgive him.
“OH MY GOD!” she shouted, waking Sherlock up with a start. “Oh my
Sherlock couldn’t care less if Mrs. Hudson was mad or not. In fact, he didn’t care if President Snow got pissed over the fact that two of his newest tributes showed up to their reaping ceremony in black pants and t-shirts. He didn’t care about anything, really. All he cared about was getting Harry Watson out of this alive. Because, really, she wasn’t part of this until the Capitol put her in the middle of it. Because, when he thought about it, the Capitol just wanted Sherlock dead – Harry was just caught in the crossfire.
In response, Sherlock slowly pressed his lips to John’s – soft and sweet – and rested his forehead on John’s once they parted.
“So I did. John Watson would never sign the necessary papers. He would let me pass in my own time, wanting for me to wrongfully pay for what my brother did to him all those years ago. And I know that President Bainbridge, upon hearing my request, would immediately run to you and John Watson, insisting upon making the subject of my death something to be voted upon amongst the three of you, giving each of you a chance to influence the other two. Given how much you value your husband’s opinion, I imagine you would go along with his decision to let me pass on my own. But you, on your own…I can’t pin you down, Will. I would hope that you would show me mercy and sign the forms, but honestly I am unsure what your answer would be, without John Watson there to sway you. Either way, I wanted to speak to you one last time before I leave this world, Will. And, if you are willing to sign the consent form, I wanted to invite you to watch.”
“Did he know that you were – you were expecting?” Sherlock asked, and she nodded.
I wanted to do more with Beatrice “Nana” Reeves and was never able to – I’m not sure what I wanted to do, but yeah.
“Hey, Sherlock?” John asked after a while, after they had gone back to the Capitol’s half-step way of dancing (since John was the best at that), despite the faster music playing from the stage.
Introducing: Sara went and reread all of Sentiment and ADDED SHIT! That's right - I READ ALL OF SENTIMENT FOR THE FIFTEENTH TIME.
And if it wouldn’t be poetic, it would be expected.
John’s eyes broke away from the screen to look up at him. “Eight? Already? That’s almost how many we lost during my bloodbath.”
“I miss momma,” the boy said, and Sherlock looked down at him.
The last time he gave himself this much Morphling, Sherlock had overdosed.
The interview had just begun.
“I need you to help me,” Mycroft signed back. “It’s important.”
“There you are,” he said, finally reaching her. “I thought you were in trouble – I thought something happened – something wrong – I thought he had you –”
One hundred bandaids.
“Wouldn’t dream of it,” John assured her, but both boys knew that was only because Sherlock always answered any question with a decent amount of sass, and never showed his work in math.
Did Hannibal not realize that John’s sister was in the room when he asked his question? Did he even
“Yeah, thank you,” John said, and then glanced around the people in the room, trying to think of any questions for Alexander – who to look out for, who was most likely to befriend him – but then his eyes landed on Clover Frankland, who was using her hands to talk to Louise and Amanda Hawkins.
A few times over the course of Advantage, Mycroft and Dean discuss having a panel of District Representatives to work alongside the new President in the New Panem, and though I didn’t discuss it at all in Constantly (solely because I hadn’t thought that far while writing Constantly), John is the District Representative of District 12 for a few years, until Sherlock deems himself able to take John’s place (it was always Sherlock who would be the Representative, though, in the end), even though they all move to District 9 a year after The 75th Hunger Games (because they know what District 12 was like before, without the New Panem improvements).
And then Julia Waters collapsed to the ground.
“It was, like, awesome and terrifying at the same time,” she went on.
Sherlock watched Harry as she packed his things – really looking at her for the first time, since they had entered the Arena. The first thing he noticed was her hair – it was short, now; uneven, very obviously cut with a knife in the Arena, just long enough to tuck behind her ears.  Her skin was marked from stings from the tracker jackers and a few cuts here and there, but Sherlock was relieved to find that she was otherwise unscathed.
real –
“Do you think maybe it has to do with why he wants to see us today?”
“But you might’ve done the same if it had gone any further,” Mycroft reminded him. “Sherlock just reacted first.”
He opened his mouth.
“In some ways, sure. But that doesn’t make it right. It doesn’t make anything less ill-fated. If I lose, my brother will have no family left. I just got together with the person I’ve been head-over-heels in love with for nearly a decade, and now I may never see him again.”
“I know.”
“Those Watson kids are definitely in danger...”
Mycroft had not won the Hunger Games for this.
“Well, duh, all I have is this.” She gestured to the white t-shirt and sweat pants she donned.
obvious is if we were looking at you through Mycroft’s eyes,” Dean said, and Mycroft nodded in agreement. “But here’s a secret: we hate it, too.”
“Why did you save us both?” she asked abruptly, looking up at him, and Sherlock knew – Sherlock
“Later,” Sherlock muttered back, as the doors opened again, and Dean and Hannibal stepped through the doors.
Sex was never one of his interests – his body was a different thing entirely from the rest of him, especially in that aspect. He had always figured that if he was to ever be with someone, he would end up having sex with them at some point – that was the Thing To Do after all, wasn’t it? – but with John it was different. The Hunger Games haunted every part of John’s life, even that part. If sex was a thing they did in the first place, John would never be in the mood, to put it simply. There had been one time when they were kissing more passionately than usual, and their bodies reacted to the stimuli as bodies do, however. Sherlock had expected John to suggest they try it, and he, knowing it was the Thing People Did, was ready to agree, but John didn’t ask. He knew that John was a sexual person, though – he knew of some things John and a girl Sherlock forgot the name of had done the summer before last – so he only assumed the Games had done something to him on a mental level, making sex unattractive to him, now.
“They did? How do you know?” John asked.
“The world is woven from billions of lives, Harry; every strand crosses every other,” Sherlock explained. “What we call premonition and psychic ability is just movement of the web. If you could attenuate to every strand of quivering data, the future would be entirely calculable – as inevitable as mathematics.”
John gripped the side of his collar and pulled, revealing the cigarette burn.
“That’s right.”
“To the people we still have,” he said.
done with Magnussen and with the Games and with the Capitol controlling his every move. He practically roared as he ran, and was unsure if he was shouting wordlessly at Magnussen, or shouting a warning for Harry to run. But, in the end, as he crashed into Magnussen and sent them both tumbling to the ground, it didn’t matter.
Sherlock’s stomach seized up. What if he could read him like a book – like Sherlock was always able to do with him? They had known each other for years – John could’ve picked up some of his deductive reasoning –
him to understand – but I can’t. I’ve tried. He’ll never know until it’s too late.”
for a twelve –”
After a while of walking, Sherlock couldn’t hear the Ravenstag behind him anymore. Sherlock turned around, and it was about thirty feet back.
Speeding Cars by Imogen Heap
“Yeah,” John agreed, and then nodded to the television. “What are you watching?”
“We can’t think like that, Harry,” Sherlock cut her off before he could think about it too much. “If we do, we’ll end up pushing the blame as far back as we can – as far as to the first rebellion. The first Games. ‘If there were no Hunger Games...’”
He leaned forward, as if getting closer to the screen could make him closer to
best friend – and nodded. “With my life.”
“We’ve got company!” John revealed, and Alexander too glanced behind him, just as Harry tripped over her heels.
“Mycroft?” he called, and Mycroft instantly opened the door once more.
“What the fuck –”
Avoxes) had found and let Mycroft know of the existence of a truth serum that the Capitol had developed. Before each person was questioned, they would be injected with the serum, and would be forced to answer each question completely truthfully – whether they wanted to or not.
“He wants whatever he has to say to be televised –”
“Hi,” Harry replied, just as anxiously. “Do you need me for something –?”
(See the end of the chapter for
John nodded, a half-smile finding its way onto his lips.
Sherlock then felt a hand – John’s hand – rubbing his back, and he had to fight to keep himself from shaking it off.
“I think...I think everything just died,” Sherlock said. “Everything...except for what they need.”
killed.
been taught that it’s the price we’re meant to pay,” Sherlock reminded him.
Some gave names to their sorrows, some didn’t, but either way it didn’t matter – this was more about them saying goodbye to their loved ones than it was about talking to people they didn’t know about them. These eulogies were specifically for the deceased.
“It’s so much,” he muttered to himself.
“Sherlock... I can’t even...” she started before the fell into sobs again. “This is so fucking stupid...”
He barely registered the papers in his hands dropping to the ground. Just when he realized this, before he could do anything else, the words were spilling out of his mouth. He could not stop them; they all jumbled together, like they were being pushed out of him:
And, in that moment, John knew that Sherlock was fighting the urge to approach him, as well.
.” The tears fell from his eyes, and he quickly wiped them away.
He knew he had to tell Sherlock.
Option number two: John would be kept on suicide watch to keep the first option from happening. The watch team would include Alexander Waters, Louise Neal, Clover Frankland, Lindsay Cairnes, Lavinia, and Antonia Blake. Dean Bainbridge would want to, but he wouldn't be able to leave the Capitol for that long and that often (though he did make sure to keep tabs on him), and of course John would INSIST living in the Holmes household, because he would feel the need to torture himself like that.
Once the stylists, Mrs. Hudson, and Mycroft were all presented and seated, Caesar called out Sherlock and Harry, and they rose from the plate on the stage’s floor, the same place John himself had stood last year.
“Six months can do a lot to a person,” Dean countered, patting Mycroft’s shoulder. “Speaking of which,” he said, and finally turned to John, shaking his hand. “John Watson – victor of the Seventy-Fourth Hunger Games. Congratulations.”
"You're wearing the same Westwood you wear every day, Jim," Seb informed him.
He walked as if Sherlock wasn’t just about to spill his secret.
Mycroft Holmes had asked him the night John caught him re-watching Hannibal Magnussen’s Games.
MEANWHILE
"BUT THIS ONE'S IMPORANT IT'S THE THIRD ONE IN THEIR LIVINGROOM
years!
But that would get them all killed.
“Yes,” Dean replied.
And Harry Watson then pulled Sherlock Holmes up onto her back, balanced him over her shoulders, and began walking, as fast as she could manage, away from the swarm.
With all of the excitement of John’s new life, he had somehow forgotten that life went on, despite his personal win. John may have been taken out of the reaping pool, but Sherlock and Harry were still able to be reaped. Except, Sherlock couldn’t – not if they were leaving –
Tears blurred what little he could see of John’s face, and he repeated the words over again, just like John had told him to.
“Let me see –” Mycroft said, taking a step closer to Sherlock, reaching out for his Morphling drip.
Since John, Sherlock, and Harry had no idea who most of the surviving victors were, they had no idea how to even ask any of them a question, or what to even ask about. They had only seen the Games of the victors had siblings to put into the Quell’s reaping pool, and so they couldn’t possibly ask about the Games, and by the time it was their turn to ask a question all of the good, important questions had already been asked.
As soon as he was on top of him, he began punching Magnussen’s stupid old-man face, breaking his glasses and bloodying his fists and Magnussen’s eyes with the fragments. Just when he was actually beginning to feel the pieces of glass that were now lodged into his knuckles, Magnussen’s hands found Sherlock’s face, and, while Sherlock was trying to pull his head back, trying to avoid Magnussen’s touch, Magnussen’s fingers invaded Sherlock’s mouth.
And Hannibal Lecter Magnussen had seen it –
“I knew absolutely nothing. I knew that Mycroft and some of the Hunger Games’ past victors were close, but I had no idea that he was leading a revolution.”
She kneeled down, reaching for him, and he waved her off.
The two Watson children glanced at each other, making a silent agreement. Even though Sherlock didn’t say the words out loud, it was obvious that Sherlock wasn’t going to tell Dean about the five minute’s conversation Sherlock had with Hannibal, or the secret message Hannibal had planted in his confession, and so neither would they.
Mycroft had replied, and with that he was gone, back to his house just next door, leaving John wondering what exactly he had gotten himself into when he realized he had fallen for Sherlock Holmes.
“Come in, John.”
“I hate doing this in front of everyone, but I have to,” John started quietly, and Sherlock leaned forward in his seat, anxious. “There was a night, back before you and Sherlock went into the Arena, but after the Quell’s twist was announced, where I found you drinking in your room. My question is: was there any other time where you had been drinking? Maybe before the Quell’s announcement?”
“You have always been like a son to us, Sherlock. It’s been an honor knowing you.”
...but he’s still putting him out there...”
They all stood with their shoulders touching, in a triangle of affection, all of them trying to hold on to the others and wanting to hug the other two. They couldn’t speak over the crowd’s cheering, but they didn’t have to. They were there, they were all in front of each other, all close enough to touch, and that’s all that mattered.
“On the third day of training before the Hunger Games, Sherlock had broken out of training, and it was up to me and Mycroft to find him and bring him back to Atala.”
Sherlock heard the intake of breath from behind him, and he spun around as quickly as he could – though it felt like it was in slow motion – to find his brother, Mycroft Holmes, holding onto his arm – where a bullet had just grazed him.
“Don’t,” he ordered, and when John opened his mouth – to apologize or to offer his sympathy, he wasn’t sure – Mycroft spoke again.
It was better than this. She could at least avoid the tracker jackers – she couldn’t avoid or hide from or protect herself from the ghosts.
Mostly likely, Sherlock and Harry and Mrs. Hudson were all wondering where exactly he was. He also had missed lunch in order to attend the meeting with President Snow, and his stomach was growling.
With one last look exchanged the two boys, Sherlock went back to his seat in the audience, Harry Watson taking hold of his hand as soon as he sat down.
“I’m still not a fan of it,” Sherlock replied.
I've had a really good week. I worked like 40 hours this week, I made a phone call (and I'm autistic and have phone anxiety so that shit is DIFFICULT), and I just feel really good about myself and shit.
“Gregory Lestrade came to me during our training sessions, and took me under his wing. He introduced me to Sally Donovan and Philip Anderson – my main alliance while in the Games; the Underdog Alliance, as I've been told we were called. I am forever indebted to Greg, because of this; without his kindness, I would not be alive. In the Arena, he told me something that changed everything: Greg did not plan to live. When I was reaped, I thought it was a death sentence. For Greg, it definitely was...and he was at peace with that. He said goodbye to his family and friends and let the Arena take him. For this reason, I believe that Greg Lestrade was the bravest tribute in the Arena, for he chose to lose – which is something I’m sure that no tribute in the Hunger Games has ever done, not from the start, at least. We were all so obsessed with winning that we lost ourselves; even me. But Greg remained true to himself up until the final moment. He was not afraid of death like the rest of us were – he just waited for his life to end, while we all fought amongst ourselves for our next breath. And that’s the bravest thing I’ve ever seen anyone do – just wait and not be afraid of death. Greg Lestrade did not want to be remembered; did not want to be special. But he is special, and he will always be remembered in our hearts, especially in those he mattered to the most. We will carry his spirit with us – his humility, his bravery, his kindness to others. There needs to be more people like Greg Lestrade in this world, and I hope I am blessed with the fortune to meet them.”
“Will,” he called out after him, but Sherlock kept going, knowing each step put more distance between Hannibal and himself. “Will,” he tried again, and then, after a sigh, he said his name, his real name, for the first time. “Sherlock.”
He should have been doing the same with his brother, but every time he looked at him he felt his stomach drop down to his feet – Sherlock was all he had left. Come summer’s end, Mycroft would be the only Holmes left.
“Actually, no, it wasn’t; if it was, I would’ve told them to eat an entire cake.”
“I am well, thank you. I was just discussing the possible outcome of this year’s Hunger Games with John. Congratulations on your brother’s resurrection, by the way,” Hannibal said.
Gideon was in Sherlock and John’s class, and was one of the people who had seen Sherlock and John interact the most out of anyone in their school. He, like every other boy (and even some of the girls) at school, had it out for Sherlock, especially after Sherlock deduced the fact that his father hit him when he was drunk. Sherlock tried to avoid him at all costs – Sherlock even went as far as to make sure that he left each and every classroom after Gideon to ensure that he wouldn’t be followed – but today, apparently, Gideon had forgotten something in the classroom, and was forced to double back, passing Sherlock in the hall.
recap the previous year.
AND UR WORDS
“Yes?”
“Proud is not the first word that I would use,” Mycroft replied, shrugging.
Louise shrugged. “Well, yeah. The people he was closest to back in District Twelve were you and Sherlock, but we all know Sherlock’s not very willing to share you, especially with his brother.” John must’ve actively flinched at the idea of Sherlock having to share him, for Louise’s face fell. “Sorry,” she said, and John shook his head.
that he was making a poor decision. He was almost certain that more people than just Hannibal Lecter Magnussen would notice he was acting differently, now, and someone would ask why, or they would nail the question right on the nose: that someone would ask if he was high on Morphling, and he would have to answer truthfully. He should've just skipped his now-daily dose of the stuff so, if anyone asked if he was he was high, he would've been able to truthfully say no, but after waking up believing for a second that his brother was alive, his nerves got the best of him, and he shot up to cope – to keep his head together while he was questioned.
And, as he said this, he looked directly at Sherlock alone.
Dean, who had been in the middle of a conversation with Mycroft, stopped mid-sentence, and turned toward the screen, his eyes suddenly dead. He knew what was happening. As far as anyone was concerned, Steven Bainbridge was already gone.
not put together,
The stag stared at Sherlock with eyes that seemed to see inside his soul. It looked majestic and terrifying – if Sherlock was more easily startled into action he might’ve tried to attack the beast. But he hadn’t.
“He what?”
But it wouldn’t be anything like the real thing.
“– I hate this so fucking much –”
When he got there, he knocked on the door, three times. Like how Magnussen patted his face –
“We’re in trouble, John. You, me, Sherlock, Harriet – we’re all in deep trouble.”
“It’s alright – I’m okay. Well, I’m doing better than I was – honestly,” Louise added quickly, looking up at Mycroft, as if she could tell that he didn’t believe her. “For right now, I’m just glad that it wasn’t Charles Augustus Magnussen on that stage, you know?”
“I know – I know they did,” Mycroft replied, his eyes also wet with tears. “We have to go back to the Circle – we have to make statements – Can you handle that, John?”
“Sick? You mean they make you nauseous?”
“Then when I
Sherlock could hear the spike in his heart rate through the ever-beeping monitor as the thought of what his elder brother had done to John and the possibility of Hannibal doing the same to Sherlock (or something far worse) in revenge for killing Charles Augustus crossed his mind, and for a moment he thought about calling out, calling for a nurse, calling for someone to save him. Instead of doing that, though, he acted as if the monitor wasn’t revealing the fear in his heart, and replied to Hannibal.
They walked through the hallway as hands reached out for them, grabbing onto their clothes if they got too close. Mycroft led the way, and Lavinia held onto his arm from behind him, and he could feel the quakes of her body travel through his own. Setting his jaw, he stopped thinking about how some of the voices contained words while others did not and why that was and pressed on.
Louise Neal for District 9
He had just failed to prepare Sherlock.
“I thought you were asleep,” Sherlock muttered apologetically.
John Watson was surrounded by trees – in the Hunger Games Arena. He heard movement in the woods around him – other tributes, all ready to kill him – and he wanted to run, but something was holding him back – something important –
It was their father’s pocket watch, their mother’s wedding ring, and a small notebook with a pen.
schoolwork – it would just bore him.
About twenty minutes later, the two boys met up in the sitting room, both dressed in button-up shirts and dress pants, and rode the elevator down to the ground floor.
The group held about twenty people at all, and with each person who entered the room, once they saw John, their eyes seemed to dance around him, and John knew that they were expecting Sherlock to be somewhere in his vicinity. Suddenly, John felt almost naked without him by his side, as Harry’s words echoed in his head:
“You have…two children, don’t you?” he asked, and Sherlock set his jaw and tightened his fists, but his heart raced with fear.
Frankly, this was painful to work on and I kinda threw it together in the end because I was Done with it and I wanted to get it out before I started posting the Mycroft Prequel (also, there's an announcement about the Mycroft Prequel in the end notes!)
Sherlock glared at him, only if to avoid Louise’s penetrating stare, ready to ask her questions at the first opportunity. Hannibal knew he was high. He
Warning: you may cry. You may not. Let's find out.
and Final Songs for our trio:
“So what happens to her, now?” John asked, turning his attention back to Louise.
Sherlock sighed, as if trying to blow the first sounds of the sentence from the room, before speaking it again:
Sherlock continued to stare ahead, unblinking, pretending he couldn’t hear her as she told him the truth he desperately wanted to ignore.
“I don’t think any of us know how,” John whispered back. “But Christ, this isn’t the way to do it –”
“Okay, you
“Sometimes I wondered if I had missed you, but now I know that I didn’t –” she went on, but Sherlock spoke, the words jumping out of his mouth.
“It is. She thinks it looks ridiculous,” Mycroft said.
“No way,” John said as he let go of her and she and Sherlock took their place in their chariot. “We’d get into
to killing his sister, but he was
“And my name is Will Graham.”
John had mentioned once to Sherlock that when he had awakened in the training center’s hospital wing that his hands were strapped down, but when Sherlock moved his hands there were no such restraints. Whoever had turned down his Morphling must have also taken off his wrists’ straps.
“No. Absolutely not. That said, I can see myself out. Good day,” he said, turning from the guard, and retraced his steps through the building.
“What – to what?” Sherlock asked, genuinely confused, and John rolled his eyes.
“And what about your brother’s life?” Mycroft asked, voice still unbelievably level.
Mycroft then looked at John.
The hot water seared his skin, burning him to his bones, waking him up more than a cold shower could. He could feel it in every pore, and, wanting the fire to envelop him, he put his head underwater.
The sword and the pack dragged him down and made him slower than he liked, but he was able to move in a straight line and come up for air, which is what counted.
As they made their way up the staircase and into the hall to his brother’s room, a single thought crossed Sherlock’s mind: Mycroft had a friend – a
“SHUT UP, HARRY.”
“So, did you figure it out?” Sherlock asked.
“The Games aren’t over yet,” he muttered. “Sherlock is still alive –”
Harry glanced behind John, looking for Sherlock.
“Like you do?” Sherlock asked as they approached the wire fence.
Sherlock ran through the jungle, his legs definitely now hurting and his sword feeling too heavy in his hands, his eyes glistening with tears.
For a moment, John considered Sherlock’s idea – letting them find them. Letting them kill them. He let the thought go as quickly as it came – shoving out of his mind –
Sherlock looked into Hannibal’s eyes, and knew he wasn’t kidding.
John wanted to run – wanted to get the hell away from this man, but he couldn’t feel his legs. He couldn’t feel anything, apart from where Charles Augustus’ hand and the tip of his nose were and where his lips had been, and the overwhelming urge to vomit. He found he was staring past Magnussen, at the five on the wall, and no matter what he couldn’t avert his eyes. John couldn’t move at all.
Rosamund plays the piano.
– thirty-one seconds.
Of course, Sherlock knew this from the beginning – he felt like he was prepared for it, up until this moment, but now…
Even though the blank eyes of the statue were staring straight ahead, over Sherlock’s head and into the middle distance, Sherlock felt as if the eyes of his brother were staring down at him, taking Sherlock’s sentiments and only scolding him in return.
“None of the mentors – none of our brothers and sisters are allowed to be here. Like how Louise can’t come to school with you.”
“Yes.”
It was a woman’s voice, loud and agonizing – so gut-wrenching that Sherlock thought she was trying to scream her lungs out. First he looked at Harry, and then at Antonia, thinking that they were the ones crying, but when he found that they weren’t, he looked around at the people scattered throughout the Circle. It didn’t take long for him to catch sight of a woman in her late-twenties, with black and white hair, freckles, and a slight gap between her two front teeth, sitting on the ground, rocking back and forth, her hands a bloody mess, her fingers all bent in angles they should never have been bent in, screaming and crying so loudly it was almost as if she couldn’t hear herself.
“Well, I’m stuck between two lines of questioning,” Harry replied, unfolding her arms and placing her hands out before her, looking at each one as if they actually held the questions Harry wanted to ask. “On one hand, Hannibal told me and John the other day that he only considered eating people cannibalism if he considered the people he ate to be equals, and I want to ask him if he did or did not say it. He’ll obviously say he did, because he
“Do you prefer William, Will, or Sherlock?”
“I...I – I choose –”
Sherlock gives his eulogy, and says his final goodbyes.
Alexander Waters for District 4 (as he is the only surviving victor from District 4 that isn't the President)
Harry watched the boys, still mulling over Mycroft’s words, until a thought occurred to her.
Going into his hearing, Sherlock had no idea what to expect, apart from whatever Hannibal was planning. He hadn’t actually given it any thought at all, until now. He may have gotten past Hannibal’s question, but that still left him with thirty-two questions left to answer. He knew that John and Harry’s (and possibly Louise’s) questions wouldn’t be too harrowing, and there were a handful of people who had asked the same question to every other person during their hearings and couldn’t imagine them changing their question for him, now, which meant he could possibly predict seven questions, which left twenty-five questions unknown to Sherlock.
Shh - Frou Frou (what I feel like Harry's mind was like while Sherlock was passed out)
Or maybe he could ask him something that would make Sherlock seem actually interested in whatever Hannibal wanted Sherlock to befriend him for.
At this point, Sherlock could hardly contain himself.
But, despite all that, I've found a new reason to be motivated enough to get better, get a job, and fix things with the person who I have feelings for: she is a kitten that was hanging around my house, and I spent literally like 2 hours hanging out on my porch in the freezing cold trying to get her to trust me enough to let me take her inside. She's my assistant Natalie, but I'm calling her Nell for short (props if you get both references). I love her so much already and I can't wait for her to spend the rest of her nine lives with me. ^^
“No,” he replied, just as quietly. “We don’t.”
Javier Steele, 28, District 2.
“Sorry,” Harry and Sherlock both called up.
you. Anytime you said anything to him about his weight he would always be so excited that his plan was working – if you noticed that he was gaining weight, then so would the Capitol.”
to be – I can’t find a word for how terrible and ugly that is – how terrible and ugly life is. We all lost some
“As you may have noticed, tributes, an exact replica of your victor sibling’s weapon of choice is before you. You may continue their legacy and use their chosen weapon, create your own and take a weapon from the Cornucopia, or take as many weapons as you can carry! Choose wisely, and Happy Hunger Games!”
“I’m making a plan,” Sherlock replied, and Harry’s lips curled upward.
“Fuck – where do you think he is?” Harry asked, getting out of the bed. “We can get dressed and we’ll go –”
“For now,” John said, the words coming out of his mouth before he could stop himself.
And besides, if he killed himself now, then that would leave –
John wasn’t sure whose hand found whose, but as soon as his hand was in Sherlock’s he looked up at him, to find Sherlock staring back at him, his eyes red and puffy from crying. John’s eyes must have been asking the question – asking if he was okay – for Sherlock nodded to him.
“Augh,
“Mycroft – John – How do you feel about your siblings in the Hunger Games?”
“Are they the names of the winners?” Hamish asked, and Sherlock and John eyed each other from over their son’s head.
“I...” Mycroft started, cleared his throat, and then began again. “It certainly would be,” he said quietly.
One of the first places he ended up going (fifteen days, seven hours, five minutes, and fifty-two seconds after) was the meadow. He stood In the middle of the flowers – almost exactly the same place where he had knelt in the rain after learning that he would be going into the Arena alongside Harry – under the light of the full moon, it was almost as beautiful as it had been the first time Sherlock and John had encountered the flowers. Both Sherlock and John had a difficult relationship with the irises, nowadays; something that had once been a private moment between the two boys, was now a symbol of the Capitol’s perception of Johnlock – sometimes, even the color purple was enough to make the two exchange glances and roll their eyes about the whole thing. The irises were the best example of how the Capitol could take something pure and ruin it, in Sherlock’s mind. That, and just about every human being who was sent there for the Games.
want him to – how much his skin was itching for the touch – it had been
“We need to talk.”
Breathe in.
But he didn’t have time to dwell on it – he had to get to her before Magnussen –
Harry patted Sherlock’s shoulder as she passed, but that was the only form of comfort she gave him – probably for the sake of who was watching them. And then, he was alone on the stage, with President Dean Bainbridge and an (obviously cleared) assistant with a syringe quickly approaching him.
“Don’t worry; you’re invited!” Mrs. Hudson exclaimed, not missing a beat.
Thomas Birch, 14, District 8.
want me to be his friend, whatever that entails, which inspired me to make it look like I was interested in his friendship so he’ll waste his question to me tomorrow.”
Snow never talked to anyone unless they were in trouble with him.
“I’d rather be home than anywhere else in this god-forsaken place. How do you think Harry’s doing?”
But then Hannibal said the worst thing – the worst possible thing he could say – and Sherlock’s blood ran cold:
“Probably,” Hannibal answered, and it was at that moment that Dean had had enough of Sherlock’s refusal to follow his rules.
wanted to help John – but he couldn’t. He tried his best to ground him whenever he could, but all he really wanted to do was to touch him – hug him, hold him, protect him – but whenever John was thinking about Magnussen, and what he had put him through, it was like there was suddenly a barrier of pain and fear that wrapped around him, and Sherlock couldn’t get near him.
“Mikhail’s failing half his classes – I can’t copy off his homework like I can yours. And you’re at least interesting,” John added, but Sherlock noticed that John did not negate the accusation that Sherlock was weird.
Take More Than You Need - The Dear Hunter
Because she
Sherlock did what Mycroft had done so many years ago, when he had wanted to speak directly to Sherlock during his first interview with Caesar Flickerman: he picked a camera, and spoke into it, as if he was speaking directly to John.
and you knew how to get food – why didn’t you just leave?”
“Don’t, Sherlock. It’s okay.”
But the Holmes brothers ran down the hallway – side by side, making sure one never fell too far behind the other as bullets from the Peacekeepers whizzed by them.
“So we’ll be going straight from Snow’s mansion to Caesar’s stage?”
And then Harry’s face was on the screen.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Do you want someone to go with you? I’m sure we could arrange –” Mycroft started lowly, but John cut him off.
Music for this chapter:
Why ever would you want to miss it?”
“Yeah,” John said, going back to looking out the window for a moment, only seeing his reflection. “Let’s...go to bed.”
Despite John’s protests to wait until morning, to just get some sleep, Sherlock went through his room – their room – and turned all of his stashes over to John, which he dumped down the drain as soon as he put Sherlock to bed. A part of him thought to donate it to the Monroe’s, but another part of him didn’t want anyone else to become addicted. Once the morphling was gone from the house, John joined Sherlock in their bed, wrapping his arms around him as he slept off the high and the cold, not thinking of much, idly kissing the back of Sherlock’s neck intermittently, until he too fell asleep.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hello, John,” he said, his voice annoyingly calm, even though he looked a tad bit aggravated with the fact that Dean was now president of Panem. Harry stepped forward, trying to put herself between him and John, and his attention instantly flicked to her. “And you must be Harriet Watson, I don’t believe we’ve met –”
“It’s seven-sixteen at night. I’m in District Twelve.” He took a shaky breath. He could still hear John’s voice saying his name, trying to get him to talk to him, to keep him from walking away –
“Sherlock, this is a private matter,” Mycroft tried to explain, but Sherlock held on to John’s hand.
Sherlock looked up at her.
“Mycroft gained weight after the Games,” Sherlock’s voice whispered – entirely disconnected from his body.
Tear Garden - IAMX
Even though John loved Sherlock, he hated when his boyfriend did this – when he vanished into his mind palace and didn’t emerge until hours later, especially to avoid conversation. The ability to disappear without ever leaving the room he possessed had become to be by far his worst quality, simply because John could never seem to reach him when he was like this.
“I should apologize, John.”
SO! There's some new content! Take a look! Find them all! It'll be fun! :D
“Thank you. For that. And I’m sorry, by the way. For that. And for dying.” Sherlock said quietly, and Harry gasped in mock surprise.
After passing through about three different metal detectors, being buzzed into five different rooms, making three vague threats to expose anyone who stupidly decided to notify anyone that he was here, and seven autographs, Sherlock found himself walking alongside a guard as he spoke to him:
“Are those John’s pajamas?”
“Not too good,” he replied.
“Thank you, and congratulations to you on your brother’s continued survival,” Mycroft said, and John was amazed at how civil he was being, considering he was the man who killed and ate Will Graham, and the brother of the man who assaulted John just a few days ago. “May I ask what your final verdict is? I’m curious.”
Since the night of the rebellion, Sherlock’s deductions, if they came to him at all, burst into his mind sporadically and without warning. Every thought he had seemed to just appear to him, now, with or without his consent. Before that night, Sherlock thought that he couldn’t control his deductions – he couldn’t turn them off and he couldn’t turn his mouth off, even when his life depended on it. But now, Sherlock knew that lacking a filter was nothing compared to the way his mind worked now: like a pile of matches he kept striking against the box, anxiously waiting for the match to strike before it was deemed useless and tossed aside. And even then, keeping the fire alight for long enough for the thought to make the journey from his once-beautiful brain to his accursed mouth was nearly impossible.
“Wait – stop – Sherlock
“Sherlock?”
“Wait – stop – There’s one more thing I have to do – one more thing I need to say –”
“Are you serious?” John asked, hysteric. “Why haven’t I been –” He stopped as realization dawned on him. “Sherlock,” he whispered, understanding.
“And then we can find our place,” Sherlock said, and leaned on the bathroom’s doorframe as John brushed his teeth. “I’ve been thinking about it, actually – I think it’s somewhere near the ocean.”
“Yes?”
Harry and John glanced at each other, confused, until Alexander was able to get enough grip with the knife to be able to pull the bricks – a whole line of bricks, actually – out of the wall.
Sherlock then felt someone – Alexander, he realized – grab his shoulders and pull him away, as someone else – John, John Watson, his John – pried Sherlock’s fingers from Mycroft’s grey blazer. And the worst part – the part that made him start to scream wordlessly with grief – was that he felt his body betraying him once again, allowing for them to take Sherlock away from his brother’s side.
“I know.”
“I had to,” John replied. “You’ll see when you’re up there – you can’t control a thing you say when you’re up there.” He sighed, looking back up at his sister. “And now I don’t even know what to ask her – I mean, what the hell am I
“Harry?” he called, almost not caring about who might be around to hear him.
not because they’re actually interested –”
“I’m surprised they didn’t notice –” she began, her voice slurred. “I guess with everything...”
“Well, it’s not over yet – there’s still four other tributes. And then there’s us...”
“Yeah – I never set my clock,” John replied, coming up next to Sherlock.
“Did someone hurt you?”
“The East Wind...it has us all. You’re just old enough to see it, now.”
the worst parts of the Hunger Games – like I was –”
cared, about him and their companionship.
No, it wasn’t boring. Staying alive was hell.
However, that was just the problem: John did not pass through the doors. Hours passed, with Mycroft’s heart beating harder and harder in his chest with each passing minute, and John still did not return from Snow’s mansion.
The first rule about handling John when he was like this was not to bring it up in front of anyone. John probably knew Sherlock knew this rule, too, for he stayed within Mycroft’s line of sight and range of hearing at all times until it was time for bed.
“Like I would help you two escape –” he was then cut off by Mycroft punching him again in the face, as hard as he could, and the man’s nose spurted with blood.
Mycroft Holmes had always pretended that he was the East Wind, when they were children. He’d stomp around their poor excuse for a house, Sherlock squealing and racing on toddling legs to hide behind his mother’s dress.
“Really?”
“It’s okay,” she replied.
“He felt like he could trust Hannibal with informing him what he missed, but he was wrong,” Mycroft explained.
Alarms Of The Heart - Dry The River (for John watching Sherlock)
“Okay, the fact that everyone in the Capitol is immune to the punishment might have something to do with it.”
“Everyone has secrets, John, and I can find out what they are with a single glance; I’m sure you can connect the dots for yourself.”
“Perfect.”
Magnussen grinned. “Not when I’m done with him,” he replied, winking. “Sorry, no chance for you to be his hero, this time, William Holmes.”
Really, he was surprised he hadn’t killed himself by now.
Dean and Sherlock very much have a "I know who you pretend I am" relationship (think like Washing Machine Heart by Mitzki (a song that got popular on TikTok)). Though Sherlock does not see Dean as his older brother at all, Dean absolutely sees Sherlock as his brother (minus Dean's crush on Mycroft because that would be WEIRD). And Sherlock knows that Dean sees him like this.
“Oh, goodness no – just me. One of the Peacekeepers came by the Penthouse while our two victors were away getting prepped for Caesar and explained the whole situation – you had been caught sneaking around trying to get in touch with Sherlock before the interview, and now you were going to stay under their surveillance until the interview so the reunion can occur on camera. I, of course, asked what that would entail, and as soon as they said you’d be running around in handcuffs I immediately tried to argue with them. You’re a good boy doing foolish things out of love; you didn’t need
Blindness - Metric (I always imagined this as a "getting onto the Hovercraft" song for Sherlock and Harry oops
Dirge by Perfume Genius
“John?”
“And you can call me, too,” Louise added, hugging Harry, as well. “If you need anything, or just to talk –”
But then, as he stepped closer, he saw that she wasn’t alone.
Harry started school in September (one month, eighteen days, ten hours, twenty-five minutes, and twenty-six seconds), and though she had tried to convince her brother that she didn’t need to go in arguments that Sherlock was not allowed to participate in for two weeks before that day, John had won out the second he mentioned their parents. Shortly after that (two months, eleven hours, fifteen minutes, thirty-six seconds), John started working with the Monroe family again, but not nearly as much as he was at this time last year. On average, John went to work two days a week, mostly on Mondays and Wednesdays, staying home on Tuesdays and Thursdays, and going into District One for the support group on Fridays. This gave Sherlock even more alone time, but it also gave him time alone with John.
But the Peacekeeper did not change his aim.
“...Fine.”
“For those of you who don’t know, both of our parents died when we were young; our father when I was four and Mycroft was eleven, and our mother when I was nine and Mycroft was sixteen. So, really, I haven’t known a life where Mycroft hasn’t stood in for at least one of my parents. For a long time, Mycroft was everything to me: a brother, a father, a mother, a mentor, a moral compass, a protector, a best friend. He was everything I had, and even when I met John and Harry Watson – made my own friends, who became different things for me within themselves, and also some of the same things – Mycroft stepped aside for them. He made room for them in my heart, in his heart, and in our lives.
“No...no...not yet...” Sherlock groaned.
“Thank you. Goodnight, brother mine,” he said quietly, smiling sadly at his brother, and stepped out of the doorway and began to close the door.
The scene they entered matched the one in the lobby – people were sitting in the audience chairs, talking and helping the injured sitting closest to them. Some people sat on the floor, and some sat on the stage itself.
“Hannibal manipulated all of the Careers, but most of all a special needs boy from District Four by the name of William Graham. It was...extremely painful to watch. Hannibal made William feel like he was crazy to try to keep him under his control. William was smart, though; he figured it out and tried to overpower Hannibal when it came down to the final two. But Hannibal...ate his heart.”
President Coriolanus Snow – the person who had been in charge of Panem since before John was born – was dead.
“Today’s not –” John started, referring to Wednesday – the day of the week that Alexander Waters would call John from District 4, checking on him, just like Dean checked in on Sherlock. But he took the phone from Sherlock as he spoke, anyway.
to find her before Charles Augustus Magnussen did.
(See the end of the chapter for
John looked to Sherlock.
“What do you plan for the future, Hannibal?”
“And what if we say no?” Aurora asked, crossing her arms, watching Magnussen as James silently fumed between them. “What then?”
The room stayed silent as the person who asked the question refused to answer Hannibal’s question and went to sit down again. John supposed that it was satisfactory – everyone knew what happened, at least.
Charlotte Lee, 65, District 5.
“You shouldn’t have to be.”
There was that look again – his brow furrowed with worry –
And he was right. He was so right. He didn’t hate Sherlock – he hated the fact that he felt so forced to choose.
Finally –
Instinctively, Sherlock’s free hand rose up and gripped John’s dog tags through his jumpsuit, reminding himself of the same.
needed – was a little different, though.
“I’m honored,” Sherlock whispered, as Harry stood up.
hope not.”
He wanted to tell them to stop, that he was still awake, that he needed more of the anesthetic, but he couldn’t find his mouth to produce the words, or his eyes to open them. And so, he stayed awake and aware as the doctors attached a heart monitor to his chest, put a breathing tube down his throat, hooked one arm up to an IV, cut the other arm open to remove his tracking device, and help fix his now-infected wounds.
got to stay
AT 221
And then –
The Night Sky by Keane (I just love this song for everyone rebuilding their lives after the trauma of the Games okay?)
Sherlock looked to John.
And, the next day, he did. He walked through the streets of the Capitol, holding John Watson’s hand, and he continued to hold John’s hand as they boarded the train. He knew that people were staring at him the whole time, until the train pulled away from the station, and Sherlock did not give a shit as to why. He knew that, at this point, they all had so many reasons to stare, but none of those reasons mattered.
Raz Wiggins, 23, District 7.
“This is a matter of national importance;
And then he was moving – moving whichever way the mob was sending him – getting pulled and pushed and grabbed and falling over himself and everyone else –
reason why you were there –” Sherlock explained, his voice growing more and more frantic with every word.
Sherlock, not wanting to absolutely crush John’s dreams, gave his blessing for the publishing, and a year or so later John’s first book,
Upon entering the training room, he found that it was almost completely devoid of people, apart from about four Peacekeepers, Atala, and the observation room set into the wall above that held about twenty Gamemakers, all looking like they were having a dinner party instead of judging the tributes. Some people were watching him, but he quickly deduced that was only because he was John Watson’s boyfriend, and such a big component of last year’s Hunger Games. They probably knew he had spent his entire training opportunity looking after Panem’s youngest tribute, and therefore weren’t expecting much of him.
“He’s still Dean, at least to us,” Louise replied, and Harry nodded solemnly.
She had made him laugh, then, but now his eyes stung with tears that he was definitely
And then, the tracker jacker nest crashed to the ground, bursting open on impact, and, just two seconds after, the male tribute fell on top of the nest.
AND THIS IS WHY MY CAT ISN’T ALLOWED TO HELP ME WRITE FANFICTION
He had just stood up for himself to a
“We really don’t have time for the stunned silence bit, so if you could get over that and move along that would be fantastic –”
“Hi,” Sherlock replied, then continued his train of thought. “If they end up catching us I’ll make sure they handcuff us together. That’ll get them talking, I’m sure –” John threw his head back in laughter, something Sherlock hadn’t seen him do in a long time.
Sherlock smiled to himself. John stop loving him? Yeah, right.
Sherlock took a sip and recited the story:
Not with this much pain.
He just wanted Mycroft back.
His mouth slightly agape, he nodded, and turned back to John. And then he saw his eyes – his gorgeous blue eyes – and he fell in love all over again.
“Of course –”
“I have ideas, but I don’t know for sure. I observe people’s behaviors and make inferences based off of that information; I’m not a mind reader. I’d need to see Snow up close in order to figure it out, but, as we all know, Snow rarely speaks to people who he views are lesser than him.”
Knowing what would happen if he stopped – if he tripped over one of them – if he dared to look up for longer than a second – he pulled the goggles he had wrapped around his neck up over his eyes.
“– Louise just left to get dressed –” Harry went on, but Sherlock stopped her again.
When Mycroft finally unlocked and opened the door on the other side of the hallway, he gave the keys to Lavinia.
“I’m Raz, I’m from District Seven, and my brother Will’s in the Games.” Raz glanced at Mycroft. “I’m sorry about Sherlock,” he added, awkwardly.
