Peter winced, "fine by me." Venom screamed. Peter also let out a battle cry as the two lunged for one another.
"You are confused and upset. Allow me to call Mr. Stark-what are you doing?!" Jarvis verbally panicked.
Peter's laughter put Steve's mind at ease, a small smile gracing his lips. Peter suddenly turned to face Steve. The scars surrounding his mouth were now in full view, causing Steve's smile to disappear. No matter how many times he saw those marks, Steve would never get used to them. Anger bubbled up deep inside him every time he looked at them. He wasn't mad at Peter of course. The rage was directed at the ones who had inflicted those wounds.
"No. I asked around town. People said they heard explosions on the same day, but no one saw anything. Rhodey's there now. Scanning for signs of Tony's tech."
"MJ, it's okay. They can come in," Peter whispered. "This...thing isn't talking anymore. I got it to shut up." Michelle didn't budge. "What I said before was Venom talking. Not me. The Avengers aren't at fault here." Michelle hesitated before lowering the scissors. Peter gently took the weapon from her hands and set it aside.
"By morning," Thor reported. "Come, sit with us!" He held his arms out, "this television is most entertaining!"
"He's still not answering," Tony whispered. "I got ahold of that girl. Michelle, was it? Peter's really close to her so I thought she would know...but she hasn't seen him. Neither has Ned. And he hasn't been to school. And the little bastard won't answer his damn phone."
"Of course I do! But that doesn't mean he'll want to see me," Tony's hands were shaking. "He hates me. You'll ruin his Christmas by telling him you found me."
That afternoon the team helped Peter pack all his belongings into his car. It took almost an hour to say goodbye, since everyone wanted a hug and to give Peter life advice.
"I said I was going to work on my suit later tonight." Peter said, "but right now I'm going to go mess with Clint." He stuffed a couple cookies in his pocket and put the plate next to Tony.
"Sure was," the man grinned. There was something about his smile that was familiar to Peter, but he couldn't quite put his finger on it. "Let me buy you breakfast."
"What are you talking abou-" he was cut off by a loud pop, followed by the loud hum of Iron Man's rocket boots. The armored Avenger shot by overhead. "All this just to fight the Avengers?!" Spider-man whirled on Wanda, the rage clear in his voice. "This fight is between us and them! Leave the civilians out of it!"
Three and a half hours passed and the Avengers were still no closer to finding the Venom. They didn't even know where to start looking. Fury had hundred of agents searching like their lives depended on it, but nothing had turned up. Yet. Clint and Natasha were all for just attacking Osborn and getting Peter back by force, but even Fury agreed that that would be a bad idea, considering they didn't know exactly who or what they were dealing with. Bruce Banner was still at large, so for all they knew, the Hulk could be waiting to snap Peter's neck the moment the Avengers breathed in his direction.
"Tony, we're going to be late for the meeting," Steve reminded him. Tony was hunched over his desk, organizing old files on his computer. He made a huffing noise to signal he had heard Steve but made no move to get up. "C'mon, shellhead," Steve looped his arms around Tony's midsection and pulled him from his chair.
Peter stared at his wrists in horror, "you sick bastard...why?! I didn't ask for this!!" In any other situation, having organic webbing would've been cool. But the fact that Peter had been forcefully operated on by someone he once considered a friend...he felt like he was going to puke.
"Alright, meeting over." Tony stood up abruptly and left the room. Steve hurried after him, grabbing him by the arm once they were out of the conference room. "What?!" Tony snapped.
Bucky shook his head. He was silent for a moment, looking down at the helmet in his hands. He had been suspicious of Iron Man for awhile. Ever since he saw the blood on Steve's sleeve. But no one else had questioned it at the time, so Bucky had remained silent. He didn't want to believe that there was an actual human being inside the armored exoskeleton. "Why tell everyone you're a robot?"
Tony took his time getting back to the compound, flying several miles out over the ocean, in the opposite direction of the Avengers' home. There was a lot going on and he needed to clear his head. He spent almost an hour flying across the ocean, dipping down low and brushing his fingertips over the sparkling water. The sun had finished setting at this point, and the moon had turned the water silver. He would've kept flying, gone all the way to the other side of the world. It wouldn't take long. A few hours at most. He had done it a few times before when he had gotten so sick of hiding. But now was not the time to run off somewhere. Not when the entire world could be in danger. Tony spun around and shot back the way he had come, flying faster than he had in a long time. The adrenaline pumped through his veins, urging him to go even faster.
"Steeeebe," Iron Man made grabby hands at Steve. Bucky clenched his jaw. The moment the cyborg walked in, Bucky knew that he was drunk. Damnit, why did Tony put on his suit if he was wasted? And how did he even get alcohol? Bucky had been pretty sure that Pepper had gotten rid of Tony's stockpile. Apparently, she had missed a few bottles. "Steeeebe, you're so prettyyyy..." Iron Man's head lolled back against the couch cushions. "Aw, where'd you go?" He said to the ceiling.
Steve ripped his boyfriend off the man, forcibly dragging him to the exit. The look on Tony's face was one of pure rage. He had blood dripping from his knuckles.
"I know. But it's necessary." The Avenger took a step towards him. Peter stepped back and bumped into the counter. "It's time for the Avengers to end, Peter. You're going to help me take them down. Along with Octavius and Toomes, of course. You'll be needing organic webbing when that day comes."
Rhodey pushed the sheets back down. "We'll worry about that later. We need to talk about this 'place' you mentioned."
Steve looked away when Tony started vomiting. "You must have had a bad dream, Tony. Peter was never here."
"Why do you insist on speaking about such trivial things?" Doc Ock huffed. One of the tentacles wrapped around Peter's neck and hurled him into the ground.
"We're going out for ice cream. Get your shoes. Or don't. I don't care. But we're getting ice cream." Sam announced before marching over to where the rest of the team was waiting in the doorway.
Tony snorted, earning a look from Steve. Peter had been living with the Avengers since Aunt May had passed away when he was 15. No one had ever adopted Peter, as much as Steve and Tony wanted too. The two Avengers were married and fought for a long time to get custody of Peter. But they had been denied on the grounds that it would be unsafe for the teen. Natasha tried to adopt him at one point but had been denied for the same reasons. Peter seemed to consider Tony and Steve his parents, none the less. The whole team was like a dysfunctional family to him.
Tony took a deep breath, "your father was a very skilled scientist. He and I worked on something called the 'Venom Project'." He stopped walking, casting a quick glance over his shoulder at Peter. The teen stared back at him, his face not revealing anything. Tony looked away and continued, "the 'Venom' as your father called it, was meant to be a weapon for SHIELD. The project turned out to be too risky. SHIELD shut it down, and that was supposed to be the end of it."
Steve shook himself, bewildered by what was happening. "What?! Why...I don't understand, why are you doing this?"
"It is," Peter answered for him, glaring at the scientist. "He's the one who experimented on me." He pulled up his sleeves, showing off his heavily bandaged arms. "He wasn't the one who sewed my mouth shut, though. That was Wanda." Peter screwed his eyes shut, unable to stop replaying the memory in his mind. The memory of Bruce holding him down while Wanda slowly approached him with a needle and thread... Peter shook himself, not wanting to think about that ever again.
Steve looked over at the robot, his armor turned a pale maroon color in the moonlight. "I love you."
Norman left the room and Henry took the chance to free Spider-man. He dropped down onto him and crawled around to one of the locks holding the restraints in place. Using his tiny limbs, Henry was able to pick each of the locks. Moving back up to Spider-man's face, he knocked the oxygen mask off and walked around his face and neck, trying to wake him up. Eventually, Spider-man blinked awake.
"All things considered? No. I'm not okay. But I'm making the best of it." Peter stopped fanning his drink and looked out the window.
Spider-man landed on a fire escape, wondering what he would've done if Tony had been the one who died that night. Would Peter have gone after Harry, looking for some kind of revenge? No. If the Goblin had killed Tony, then Peter probably would have lost it, striking down Norman Osborn where he stood. Spider-man hung his head. Now all Peter could think about was what would've happened if Tony was killed. Peter would be completely and utterly destroyed.
"Tony..." Bruce gripped the couch cushions so tightly that the fabric squeaked. "We've all been living together for two years. Almost three. Surely, at some point, you realized that we meant you no ill will?"
"We don't know for sure if that was him." Bucky cut in. "If we let SHIELD get to Iron Man, they'll kill him on the spot. They'd never give a robot a fair trial. Especially not after him making a run for it."
"I spoke with him in great detail for nearly half an hour. He was nothing but friendly and humble. I believe that he means no harm. Time will tell if I am wrong, but for now, I trust him," Vision explained.
"No, the castle!" Tony pointed in the direction they needed to go. They had taken a sudden turn away from their destination, arriving in a town filled with hundreds of elves. The small beings had circled around the wagon, all speaking at once in their strange dialect. One of the elves touched Tony's gauntlet, causing him to jump back and hold the weapon behind him. "Our friend! He's in danger! We need to get to that castle!"
"Use your head for once, Peter. If we kill them, then we'll have the whole world after our heads. But if we show them that the Avengers are the enemy, everyone will be begging us to take them down," Wanda explained as if it were obvious.
"He's telling the truth. I bought the beer myself." Peter was acting way too calm about the situation. "It was for a party. Freshman year of college."
"Spiders can't talk, Barton," Tony muttered as he watched the spider running around in circles. "Stop making that noise!"
"Maybe." Peter shrugged. "You on the other hand. I can never forgive." He then put everything he had into a single punch, aiming it directly at Bruce's head. There was sickening crack as Bruce's teeth shattered and his jaw was ripped from his skull, the body part flying through the air. Blood splattered on Peter's face. Bruce stumbled backward, his tongue hanging from what was left of his mouth. Crimson splattered on the ground as he continued to walk backward, hands going up to try and stop the bleeding.
Now it was Rhodey's turn to get upset. "Seriously?! You people turned your backs on him! Of course, he wasn't going to ask you for help. He left this message with Bucky. Someone he trusts one hundred percent to have his back. And Bucky's trusting us to have Tony's back, too. We need to watch this."
A glob of snow hit the back of Tony's head. He whirled around just in time to see Peter run around the corner. Tony quickly made a small stack of snowballs and ran around in the opposite direction. "Gotcha!!" He skidded to a halt behind the building. He was not expecting to see Natasha and Clint standing on either side of Peter. "Clint, you traitor!"
The man nodded. "Back when you first started this whole...yeah." He motioned vaguely to Peter. "You probably don't remember. It's fine though. I remember. And I want to buy you breakfast. C'mon!" He got to his feet and started walking. Peter followed close behind. They went to the nearest diner, and the man bought Peter a stack of pancakes, but only got coffee and a muffin for himself. Peter thanked the man profusely, but he just smiled and shook his head.
Steve furrowed his brow, that was a lot to take in and he was upset that someone had hurt his friend in such a way. "I'm sorry."
"Guess we know why the tracker went out..." Tony sighed. He had hidden it in the spider on the back. Everyone had panicked when the signal was suddenly lost a few hours ago. The tracker had also been broadcasting Peter's vitals. Watching Peter's heart beat flat line was stressful, to say the least. Tony felt like he had aged ten years in the past hour alone.
Wanda bunched up her fists in anger. Going out with a smile on his face? This was not how Tony Stark was supposed to die. Maybe she needed something more than brute force to truly break Stark?
"She didn't say we would. We'll just have to find a way up there without this guy's help. He got us close enough. We can continue on foot." Clint pointed out. He gracefully jumped down from the wagon, smiling at his recently healed ankle.
Steve narrowed his eyes at the photo. More specifically at the jagged cut in Iron Man's forearm. There was red seeping out from the broken metal. The red was darker than the paint on his armor. Steve sudden felt sick and had to turn the page.
"You're very right. But why would Hydra want to kill Stark's enemies? Most of these people were known Hydra sympathizers. Howard Stark was on Hydra's hit list, and I imagine his son was too. Also," Fury nodded to Maria Hill, who took a small object out of her pocket. She reached over Iron Man's shoulder in order to set it on the table before him. It was some sort of computer chip connected to frayed wires. "You removed your tracker. Threw it in the ocean. When was that exactly?"
"Tony," Steve gripped his shoulders tightly and looked him in the eye. "We need to find Peter and you need to finish what you started. I know it's hard, but you have to do this. Now. Where is he?"
Peter hesitated, his hand hovering over the spider logo on his chest. "This is gonna hurt..." He took a deep breath and clicked the button. His costume instantly tightened around his body. He let out a strangled cry as the reinforced fabric tightened around his chest.
"I'm right here," Bruce appeared in the opposite doorway. Steve was surprised to see the haunted look on his face. "And the Extremis isn't the thing I'm upset about. I'm upset about who Killian chose to test it on." His eyes flashed green, and he had to take a deep breath to calm himself. "Killian didn't give me a name. Didn't say much about the person, other than making a side comment about how the arc reactor in his chest was making things difficult."
"Sorry, I just have a lot on my mind at the moment." Spider-man crawled along the side of the building.
Tony groaned when the lights switched on without warning. "Who the fuck-oh." He had momentarily forgotten where he was. Three nights had passed. Nobody had been further questioned since their first day on the Hellicarrier. Fury hadn't shown back up and Tony was convinced the director was planning on letting them rot in their cramped cells. Bruce came by every once in awhile, he would walk through the cell block, say hello, then leave. Tony tried to get information about Peter whenever Bruce stopped by, but Bruce refused to say anything other than "he's alive". The cot Tony slept on creaked as he sat up. He ambled over to the force field and did a headcount of his team. Everyone was present. And awake. Trays of food had been put in their cells while they slept. Tony eyed his breakfast. Although his stomach growled, he didn't think he'd be able to keep anything down. Not with Peter's distressed screams still ringing in the back of his head. He hadn't been able to eat more than a few bites here and there the past few days.
"I'll go ask Tony about it. Don't let anyone touch my waffles!" Peter pointed at the toaster before hurrying out of the room.
"You're lying. He's still in there somewhere," Michelle continued to smile. "C'mon, Petey. Come back to me."
The Iron Spider still lacked its extra arms, instant kill mode, and a variety of other features. But it was as done as it was going to get at this point in time. Tony would get back to it right after a few minutes of shut eye. He wondered where Peter had gone off to. The teen had disappeared half an hour ago. Tony got his answer when he collapsed on the couch, the person already lying on it letting out a screech.
Kraven stepped over to him, "huh. Still alive. I'm impressed. That fancy suit of yours probably saved your ass."
"And Spider-man?" Wanda looked back at the screen. There was an argument going on between Captain America and what must have been the police chief. Tony had positioned himself between the police and Spider-man and wouldn't let anyone get close. The camera zoomed in on the wall crawler, who was shaking badly and had one hand latched onto Tony's sleeve.
Tony showed them no such thing. Three months ago, he would've been ashamed of what he had done to these humans. Now, he was past the point of caring. He completely forgot about the "protect" part of his mission. All he cared about right now was the "fight".
Peter poked at his food with a fork. He really didn't want to have this conversation, but this man had just bought him breakfast, so he felt obligated to give the man the answers he wanted.
"Hey, he needs to get used to the taste alcohol before then, because his twenty-first birthday is gonna be wild," Tony declared.
"Is that supposed to be a masturbation joke? Because I don't know how I feel about making masturbation jokes with robots," Bucky made a face. "Ow! Steve! Don't kick me!"
"Because I'm the only one who's going to. Maximoff didn't corrupt me like she did the others. Fury will never let you people leave here alive. I have a jet ready to go up on deck." The man started running a bit faster.
Tony got his answer moments later when Spider-man kicked him in the back of the head. What happened next was all a blur. Suddenly Spider-man had flipped in front of him and...
"We won't make it in time. Can I?" Tony motioned to the horses and then himself. The elf seemed to understand that and unhooked one of the horses from the wagon. He handed Tony the reigns with a smile. Tony climbed onto the horse. he shifted around on the animal, getting used to the feeling of riding without a saddle. Tony had ridden a horse before. His father kept a few on the estate when he was a child. But that had been several years ago.
"No. That will be all for now. You can return to your work, Mr. Parker," Norman turned his attention back to the stack of papers on his desk. As soon as Peter was gone, Norman took out the file Bruce had given him. He flipped to a page that showed a picture of Tony Stark and Richard Parker working on something in a lab. A chemical equation was written under the picture.
Steve wandered around the compound, dressed in his Captain America uniform, shield slung over his back. Natasha had told him about how Tony had yelled at Peter the night before, and he was planning on having some words with his fellow Avenger. He didn't know what was up with Tony, but it needed to stop. Right now. He poked his head into Tony's lab, expecting to find his boyfriend. Instead, he found Peter. The younger Avenger was in jeans and a dirty tank top, with motor oil smudged on his cheek and forehead. He was hunched over a work bench, messing with...well, Steve really wasn't sure what he was doing. Just that he was building something that was mostly made of wires. The odd machine made a strange whirring noise that made Steve uneasy.
"Fuck off!" Tony crashed into the ground, the bricks crumbling under his feet. The school lay in ruins around him. "FRIDAY, scan for signs of life."
"Out. I don't want you here." Tony stated, holding the door open for them. The tension in the air was getting a little too thick for comfort.
"I...he...I don't know...I...didn't get a good look at his face," Peter's voice got quieter with every word. He looked around the room, eyeing each and every avenger like a deer caught in headlights.
"I won't fall." Peter put his hands on his hips and stuck out his tongue, distorting his mask in the process.
"Great, good," Tony remained in the indented car, slowly scanning the area, which was covered in a thick cloud of green smoke. "What is this stuff?" The armor automatically filtered out any harmful fumes.
"It was here the whole time?!" Sam's eyes practically popped out of his head. "One of the most dangerous weapons of all-time, and he hid it in a fucking toy? Under our roof?! How did Peter even get that?!"
"You've been jogging. I've been busting my ass trying to keep up." Tony took the jacket that was tied around his waist and used it to wipe the sweat from his face.
"You're awful quiet back there," Iron Man swiveled his head to look at the arachnid adhering to his back. The thin layer of armor gleamed in the setting sunlight.
Tony growled. "If you liked him so much, then why did you experiment on him?" He struggled to keep his voice level. "The kid looked up to you, Bruce. Why did you do it?"
"No!" Steve threw his fists wildly. One of them collided with something very solid. The pain that flared up in his knuckles forced him to fully wake up. "Ow...Iron Man?" He rubbed the sleep out of his eyes and blinked a few times.
I have mixed feelings about this chapter. It didn't turn out quite the way I wanted it to, but I'm happy with how the second half turned out so I'm going to post it anyway.
"Shit. Get my suit ready. The Mark XLVII, please." Tony moved towards the center of the room and held his arms out, allowing the armor pieces flying towards him to seamlessly come together around his body. "Let's finish this." Tony shot up through the skylight. He was only flying for a few moments before he noticed a bit of drag on his suit. Looking back, he saw Spider-man trailing behind him, hanging on to a web that was attached to Iron Man's leg. "Morning, webhead. That suit isn't finished."
Tony set down his phone, "that's good because I just got an email from Fury. We're all being called in for questioning tomorrow morning."
"That's okay. Tony was keeping me a secret from everyone for safety reasons," Peter shrugged. "I-It's nice to meet you, Captain Rogers," he said quickly, widening his eyes slightly. He had to pretend he had never met the Avenger before, and that meant acting like a star struck fanboy.
The man who had rejected him. Shattered his heart into a million pieces. Well, not his heart specifically. His creator's. Still, the memories existed within Ultron's mind. He wanted to make that man pay. He wanted to make them all pay for hurting him and his creator. In the end, he would kill Tony as well. He'd save his creator for last, feeling as though he owed it to him due to their kinship. Who knows, maybe Tony would appreciate Ultron killing the Avengers, and decide to work with the AI to restore world peace? Ultron would much rather his other self fight with him than against him.
"You still don't get it do you?" Wanda sighed, "the plan is to turn the entire world against the Avengers. Just wait until you see how I alter the news stories in the morning.
"I'm a living weapon. Built with only two purposes. Fight. And protect. That's it. That's the sole purpose for my existence. I'm not supposed to have a 'normal' life with a family or anything like that. I'm not supposed to be loved." Iron Man looked away.
Steve nodded, looking around at all the bots in awe. He spotted an Iron Man helmet one of the tables and picked it up. He realized it was the one he had worn when they first met. Iron Man had been making small changed to his armor since then. His overall build was a lot more compact now. It was sleeker, the metal plates coming together seamlessly. Steve flipped the helmet over, expecting it to look like the inside of a computer. But it didn't. It was empty. Just a helmet. "Huh," Steve set it back down.
Steve sucked in a sharp breath. He was still kicking himself over the fact that he had made his lover cry. Ex-lover. God, had he really dumped Tony? Steve's heart clenched. He was still so angry at the other man, he couldn't bring himself to make up with Tony. He knew he should. He should march right back into that living room and give Tony a big hug. That's what he should do. But he knew he couldn't. He probably wouldn't be able to look at Tony without punching him in the face
"That's just as bad..." Clint groaned, remembering all the damage he had done all those years ago when he was under Loki's control.
Tony sighed, "you know how complicated things were between the Avengers and SHIELD and all the other madness that was going on. C'mon, let's just do it. Then, just the three of us could go out to lunch."
Tony used his robotic eye to determine who they belonged to, then gently pushed War Machine's arm down, "they're friendlies. You can stop playing hide 'n seek now!"
Steve lounged on the couch in the common area, slowly reading through a sci-fi novel Peter had recommended. It was a lazy Sunday morning, and for once, the facility was quiet. Mostly because Clint had left to spend time with his family. Natasha and Rhodey were also gone, helping SHIELD search for Banner. Sam was out on his morning run and wouldn't be back for awhile. Steve really wasn't sure where Vision was. Probably off somewhere moping over Wanda. Steve's eyes wandered from his book and over to the window. Sunlight drifted in through the large panes of glass. Not a cloud in sight to obstruct the warm rays.
"Nah, it's cool. But if you're going to do that then you should give me facial hair." Tony requested.
"I have important work to do, Peter. Important. Understand?" He spoke as if he were trying to convince a dog to roll over, slow and slightly mocking,
"Tony." Steve said adamantly, "You've barely slept these past few days. I get that you're stressed, we all are. But you need to calm down before you let your anger get the better of you."
Steve laughed, "I'll go easy on you." He stepped onto the mat and offered Tony a hand up. The cyborg accepted and took on a defensive stance.
"What the fuck?!" Tony started pressing random buttons, "come back!" After a few minutes, the screens came back on. "Where'd they go..."
Eventually, Tony drug himself to bed. He tossed and turned, unable to get comfortable in the unfamiliar bed. As soon as Tony's eyes closed, Obediah's face appeared before him.
"Clint!" Natasha gasped. "How can you..." She shook her head in disbelief. "How can you honestly think like that? Tony was like a brother to you. You said so yourself."
Tony honestly had no idea what was going on in the movie. Something about talking monkeys taking over the world and using sign language. There were a lot of explosions for a movie about talking animals. Of course, Peter loved every minute of it. The web slinger was practically skipping out of the theater afterward, rambling on about the series as a whole. There are more of these ape movies?! Tony mentally groaned. The kid was happy, so Tony didn't complain. He hadn't seen his son smile like that in awhile. Seeing it brought a smile to Tony's own face.
"What the hell is wrong with you?! You-you're just as bad as they are!" Spider-man clenched his fists.
Peter felt his face flush, and he tugged his hood down to his goggles. He didn't know what exactly he did to deserve the loyalty of the citizens of Queens. The media did nothing but slander his name and spread rumors about his relationship with the Avengers. But that didn't seem to phase the people he swore to protect.
"I do. And I could really use one after all this," Natasha smiled at the Doctor. He nodded and headed back down the hallway, Widow following close behind.
"Okay!" Peter hopped over the back of the couch. His spider sense pricked when he was cutting the cake, but he ignored it. He got desert for him and Steve and turned around to find the super soldier standing a few feet away. "I was gonna bring it to you," Peter chuckled, sliding Steve's plate across the table.
But Steve pulled away. "I'm sorry, Tony." And with that, he was gone. The door closed with a soft click and Tony was entirely alone. He slid down to the floor and hugged his knees close to his chest.
Steve felt a pang of sympathy for him. Iron Man had said that he often got lonely, so Steve had made it his mission to spend more time with the robot. "What else can you feel?"
"Peter activated his panic button. Which caused the alarms. Peter has been instructed to only use the button in life or death situations." FRIDAY reported, her voice cheerful as ever.
Tony held his gaze for another minute before leaving the room. The armor remained, and Steve could've sworn it was glaring at him.
Tony cut him off, "you didn't know me until Loki attacked. My panic attacks and nightmares are old news." Tony made a move to hug his knees to his chest but thought better of it. He needed to prove he was alright, to both himself and Steve.
Steve wished he had been able to meet the son of his friend. He wondered if he was anything like Howard. He had tried asking Iron Man about Tony once.
"Bucky! We have a serious problem! It's Tony, he-" Steve cut himself off when he saw the tiny hologram of Tony on Bucky's desk. The hologram was frozen, showing Tony with his arm outstretched to switch off an unseen camera.
Tony groaned. "I'm fine, really!" Pepper shook her head, not believing him for a second. He appreciated what Pepper and Rhodey were doing for him, he really did. But he had been confined to Pepper's house for the past week and was starting to lose his mind. Modern art did that to a person.
"Is he going to be okay?" Steve knelt next to them, putting a hand over Iron Man's. The bot turned his hand over and linked their fingers together. His eyes were still dark, and it concerned Steve greatly.
"I hate sitting around. Feel so useless..." Tony ripped the paper off his lunch and took a large bite.
"Peter's old helmet! He got it at the Expo when he was a kid." Tony explained hurriedly. A toy Iron Man helmet sat on a shelf in the back corner of the lab, covered in dust and tiny scratches. The first time Tony had seen it was at the Stark Expo, being worn by a little boy who had stood up to the hammer drones. The next time he had seen it was when Peter officially moved in with him. Peter had brought Tony the helmet and told him about how their first meeting had actually been at the Stark Expo. The helmet had been placed on a shelf in the lab and stayed there ever since. Peter had told Tony to protect it with his life and to never ever let anyone touch it. At the time Tony had thought Peter had been joking, or overly sentimental. Even so, Tony never once touched it or let anyone else do so. Every once in awhile he would walk past and smile fondly at it. He grabbed the toy and flipped it over. A T-shirt was stuffed inside. Had that always been there? Tony brought the helmet back over to his team, tugging the shirt out as he walked. The shirt unraveled on its own, and a box dropped onto the floor with a quiet 'plop'. Clint, being the closest, grabbed the box and opened it. Inside was a small vial containing a strange black liquid. It moved around in the glass tube, almost like the liquid of a lava lamp.
"How the hell did that thing get out of the lab?!" Iron Man yelled when he saw Peter fighting for his life against the symbiote. Blood was dripping from a gash in Peter's midriff.
"I guess you could say that," Iron Man kept his eyes on the tabletop. He traced the edge of the island with an index finger. "I didn't think my circuits would react that way. I'm sorry if I made you uncomfortable."
"I only knew him for a short time. He built me in a cave. And then he was executed," Iron Man had said.
"You do not have to suffer alone," Thor said softly. "I know of this PTSD. Although, on my world, we call it something different. You can talk to me. If you need to. Or want to. Up to you."
"They've been messing with my head...I don't know what they want from me but I'm not going back on that operating table."
Iron Man threw the faceplate aside. He ripped open the chest piece with his bare hands. The earlier model of armor didn't stand a chance against the Mark 46. Especially when it was powered down. There was nothing inside the bot. It wasn't even a bot. It was just a suit of armor. Iron Man leaned forward on his hands, with his head bowed. "I don't understand..."
Tony hummed in agreement. He still wanted Peter to work for Stark Industries. He wanted him to work in research and development and then take over as CEO when Pepper retired. But it was becoming more and more clear that Peter just wasn't meant for that kind of job. Peter just wanted to run around Queens in his red and blue pajamas, taking pictures of funny looking birds. Not at all Tony's first choice for his son. But it was what made Peter happy, so Tony supported him one hundred percent. He made sure Peter had all the film he could ever need and had built him a camera that could withstand being dropped from the empire state building. Which happened to be the camera Peter was wearing right now.
Iron Man had been flying over California when his HUD picked up a bogey. It was Stane. Flying right for him with a legion of bots. Iron Man hovered in the air, patiently waiting for his opponent to be within range. As soon as he was, all hell broke loose.
"Tones. Someone stole the plans for your suit and used it to frame you for murder. Things are already out of hand," Rhodey sighed.
Tony fell face first onto the bed with a grunt. He rolled onto his back and brushed his non-prosthetic hand through his black hair, and down the left side of his face. He refused to touch the right side. The side that was...not him. He had made a facial prosthetic to hide the mess of wires and metal plates that had replaced half of his face. But there was no hiding the glowing blue orb that had been implanted in his eye socket. Of all the things Tony was forced to learn to live with, the artificial eye had taken the longest to get used to. The eye wasn't faulty. He could see just fine with it. He did design it, after all. It was the way he now experienced color that caused problems. Sometimes, he saw everything in shades of blue. Sometimes he saw normal colors. Sometimes his two different eyes couldn't get along and he saw the world in a mess of saturated blues and grays.
"Stay down. We got this-ARGH!" A tentacle grabbed Iron Man by the leg and flung him into the bar. The arc reactor flickered.
Peter dropped into a defensive crouch, glaring at Wanda. "One more step and I'll rip you both limb from limb."
"You let an emotionally compromised person just run off in a suit of armor with enough weapons to level the city? What the hell is wrong with you, Rogers?!"
"I was hoping you wouldn't come here. This wasn't how the plan was supposed to go. I'd rather kill the Avengers and let you watch-"
Spider-man shifted around, lowering his head and bunching up his shoulders. He would have attacked Tony right then and there, but that wouldn't have been a good idea, considering their altitude. His lenses narrowed as far as they could. "I remember it very clearly. Right down to the color of the thread. And your
Tony was silent for another minute before punching the dashboard. "FUCK." Peter jumped at his sudden outburst. "FRIDAY?"
"It is. The robot. From two months ago. I mistook his voice for Obie's. I needed to be sure..." Tony hung his head.
"He knew he was going to die. Mr. Stark made a lot of mistakes in his life. And he was trying to make up for all of them by creating me. He told me my purpose is to make the world a better place." Iron Man had responded.
Steve stiffened. "If you had let him be, then who would've taken him in when his aunt was killed? If he lived that long. The suit you made him has saved his life on many occasions."
"The one and only," Tony answered, his blue eyes blazing with determination. "Just hang on, princess, I'm going to get you out of here."
"It has been nearly eight of your Earth years. I understand that that is a lot of time for your people. I wanted to pay a visit before you all grew too old." Thor explained, a bright smile on his face.
"Be careful! He's injured!" Tony yelled, doing his best to help Peter to his feet. The two men ignored him, dragging Peter onto one of the helicopters. Someone else put Tony in handcuffs and pulled him in the opposite direction. "Let me go! I have to help-"
"Yeah. Part of your training with the Avengers." Wanda flicked the visor of her helmet down. It was blacked out, completely masking her identity. Peter did the same with his own helmet. "Lead the way, Banner." Bruce nodded and zoomed off on his motorcycle. Wanda and Peter followed at a distance.
"I have to get back to Queens, I have finals tomorrow." Peter sat shirtless on a table, kicking his legs back and forth. Tony had his back to Peter, not letting him see where he put the tracker. The name Peter Stark repeated over and over in his head. Legally, his surname was now Parker-Stark. Although, everyone just shortened it to Stark. Peter still wrote 'Parker' on all his school work.
"Actually, we do know. We know that you were held captive. And used as the subject for medical experimentation." Bruce took off his glasses and tucked them into his shirt pocket. The other Avengers were shifting around the room, all of them looking a bit uncomfortable. "We know about AIM, about what they did to you-"
"It has," Natasha gave him a warm smile and motioned for him to join them at the dinner table. The Asgardian took a seat in Peter's spot, right between Tony and Clint. "It's been, what, six years?"
"Yes," Bucky answered. Iron Man shot him a cold look, but Bucky ignored it. "And it shouldn't look anything like this." He poked at one of the wires in the helmet.
"Yeah, cause all his flirtation is directed at you," Bucky smirked. Steve's face turned bright red and he tried to defend himself but stumbled over his words.
Peter smiled, "there are lots of different kinds of spiders. Henry is a Mexican Redknee. I think he likes you." Faint chirping noises could be heard from the tarantula. They were light and happy, as opposed to the angry hissing the rest of the Avengers usually received.
"No, no, I just have a lot on my mind. Can't focus too much," Bucky admitted, giving Tony a look he couldn't quite read.
"Oh right. I forgot about that," Tony hummed. "I thought you'd be happy with me telling them my name?"
"Yup!" Tony said proudly, holding out his tiny plastic teacup. The girl giggled and filled it with apple juice from her teapot.
"You're home early," Steve was at the kitchen table, drinking coffee even though it was almost midnight.
Peter stared at the helmet a bit longer. It was part of the mark 47, which Tony had worn when Peter was in high school. Family pictures covered the mantle around the Helmet. All photos that Tony and Peter had exchanged over the years. Steve had brought the photos Tony had received when he moved in with Peter. The one from Peter's 17th birthday was turned around, Tony's note being favored over the people shown on the front. Peter knew the words by heart now, but he still found himself reading them once more tonight.
Peter nodded and laid back down. Michelle was next to him. His father was watching over them. His family was no doubt close by. He was honestly expecting the Vision to float through the wall at any moment. Safe. Peter felt safe. Tony tucked the blankets around Peter and kissed his forehead before returning to his seat at the desk. Peter traced the scar on his forearm. "Dad?"
"Hey, Cap!" Tony said. He sounded cheerful. The look on his face told a different story. "C'mere, I want to talk to you about stuff."
"I-I don't know how, if, um...sir, please don't look at me like that," Norman's assistant shied away from his glare. "We don't know for sure why the symbiote won't bond with you. It must have something to do with Parker's blood-"
Steve nodded and motioned for her to lead the way. "C'mon, Stark, we're moving out." He called to the engineer who was still digging through the broken metal.
"It's...fixed?" Clint moved his foot around. "I'll be damned. Uh...thanks." The man nodded, seeming to understand.
Spider-man stayed out all night, web slinging and doing what he could to help the people of Queens. His homemade costume caused people to not take him as seriously, but he still got the job done.
Steve's neck was starting to ache, so he turned his attention to Bucky, who happily posed for him. Although, Steve's eyes kept straying back to Iron Man.
"No, of course not. I think he's just stressed about his computer getting hacked. Someone stole some very important files." Steve explained.
"You don't want the big guy making an appearance down there," Bruce said. He looked at the mine shaft once more, the dim light barely making it more than a few feet inside. When they had first arrived, they all thought that this couldn't possibly be where the armored pair had gone. Bruce looked a the small tablet in his hands, double checking the signal from Rhodey's tracker. A tiny red light was flashing just a few yards ahead. Technically, the signal came from several hundred feet underground, but the map didn't show depth too accurately.
"Are we ever going to talk? About us?" Steve's voice was soft, his eyebrows knit together. Every time Steve thought he was getting close to the scientist, something stood in his way. Last time it had been what they had come to call the "Civil War".
"I've done better than my own father. So yes, I think I've done an okay job so far." Tony shrugged. "And I'm talking about the actual raising of the kid, like making sure he gets enough to eat, and reminding him to wear a jacket when it's cold out. And teaching him how to actually talk to girls instead of just sputtering like a fish out of water. I've done a shitty job of mentoring Spider-man as Iron Man. But we all already knew that."
The cyborg was locked in a heated battle with his own armor. But he was still human, and therefore no match for it. "I'm trying! I can't contact any of them! Something's wrong! ARGH!" He shot the armor in the gut at point blank, sending it crashing through the opposite wall. The repulsor's in Tony's feet ignited and he flew after the bot. Bucky helped Steve to his feet and gave him a look, silently asking if he was alright. The super soldier nodded, and then the two ran after Tony. All three of them attacked the rogue armor at once. Everything became a blur of red, blue and black. Fists flying, repulsors screamings.
"I do." Steve put his other hand on the opposite side of Tony's face. "You mean the world to me. No, I take that back. You
"Hurry. If you're not here in two hours, we're coming to get you." With that, Tony hung up. It took exactly two hours to reach the compound. That didn't leave much wiggle room. Peter pocketed his phone, made sure his mask was secure and started web slinging.
"That's not what I meant," Natasha picked out a marshmallow and popped it into her mouth. "Nothing's been the same since Tony left. People are going through the four stages of grief all at once and it's tearing us apart."
"Nope. We go to high school together, or something?" Spider-man hoisted his upper body up and grabbed onto Toomes. Wanda had mentioned that one of the people they were meeting dressed like a bird. Although, Peter had imagined a man in feathery spandex, not this horrifying individual with mechanical wings and talons, and glowing green eyes that seemed to pierce into his very soul.
"Fuck off, Toomes," Otto snapped. "Maximoff told me to get closer to Spider-man. How do I make him trust me?"
"Okay, I know this tower is fucking huge...but where do you go? How do you just disappear for days on end?" Bucky waved a hand in the air.
"Man of Spiders! Let us help you!" Thor had gone the opposite direction and jumped out in front of Peter. "Please come down!"
"Us breaking out of here might not look the best. We gotta convince Fury we're innocent." Sam pointed out. "Otherwise we'll just be on the run for the rest of our lives."
Peter frowned, subconsciously scratching the inside of his forearm. The organic web spinners were long gone, thanks to the combined efforts of Tony and Doctor Strange. But the scars remained. Both physical and mental. "What do you mean?"
"Good lord..." Tony breathed out, eyes wide. He had wanted to hurt Bruce for so long, but right now he felt more grossed out than satisfied.
An hour passed before the AI spoke up, "security overridden. Access granted to files concerning Peter Benjamin Parker-Stark. What would you like to view first?" Steve leaned over Natasha's shoulder, watching as dozens of folders suddenly popped up all over the screen. Everything from medical records to adoption papers, to something labeled "Iron Spider" was now in full view.
The next drawing was one of the several "Human Iron Man" drawings, with Tony Stark used as the inspiration. Steve tore it to shreds.
Bucky took the bolt from Steve and compared it to one that he had just retrieved from Iron Man's workshop. "It's one of his alright. Think it's from his shoulder. Could be part of the knee joint, though. Did she have anything else?"
With a screech, the dragon burst through the doorway, destroying most of the wall in the process. Steve reached the door on the opposite wall only to find it sealed shut. "No, no, no..." He bodily threw himself against the metal door multiple times, but it wouldn't budge.
"No, you won't. You're going to be a good robot and sit still while Pepper and I patch you up. Understood?" Rhodey flipped his faceplate up so that he could give the bot a pointed look.
"I'm not having this conversation at eight AM," Tony's mumbled around his coffee cup. "Are you just now coming home from last night's patrol, Peter?"
"It's something else, get him to med bay. Now! FRIDAY, alert Bruce of the situation!" Tony yelled. Steve scooped Peter into his arms and sprinted down the hall.
"Right." Tony cut off the jets, landing with a heavy thud. "Alright, Brucy, come on out and let's have a chat."
"Good morning, Peter. Pizza for breakfast? Not the healthiest choice." The Avenger spoke. The same Avenger who had tortured him just two days ago.
Steve sighed, "I suppose you're right. But I'm still not planning on sleeping with a robot, so let's just drop it."
Spider-man gasped in pain when he was jerked up a bit too suddenly by his webbing, pain slicing through his ribs like a hot knife.
"Sir, I must intervene," Jarvis finally spoke. The AI turned the lights on. It must have sent some sort of signal to the bots as well because they were all backing off now.
"We'll stop this," Steve whispered to him. "Next time Ultron shows his face, we'll stop him for good."
"Give Tony a minute, and we'll keep moving. I saw a radio tower when we were up on that cliff. We should head towards it, but first, we might want to find shelter." Steve decided. Storm clouds were quickly rolling in.
"Is it? That's not what it says on your driver's license," Norman didn't stop smiling. "You're related to Tony Stark, correct?"
The man stopped a few feet away, eyeing the Avengers suspiciously. The robes the man wore were brightly colored, but also worn and tattered on the ends. He opened his mouth and spoke something in a dialect none of them had ever heard.
Peter shook his head, "no. That was Ned, my buddy from school. He remotely hacked into the Helicarrier to take out the security feeds."
human. Either in his speech or body language, or the way he would handle a given situation. Never relying on calculations or probability like Jarvis does. Always going with his gut feeling.
Natasha held up a hand. "No buts. It's family movie night, and you're family, so sit down. Keep working on your arm."
Spider-man screamed in anguish. Not knowing what he had lost, but feeling as though a part of him had just been killed.
The Avengers themselves looked well rested. As if they hadn't just spent an entire week battling giant lizards in the mountains. Steve did look sad about something, though. Tony listened to his words carefully, trying to figure out why that might be.
Steve listed the roster for the third time that day. Bucky hadn't known the former members well enough to notice that Wanda and Bruce weren't on the list. Steve wasn't planning on telling him what had happened. Not unless Bucky somehow found out and asked about it. "Oh, and then there's Pete."
Henry pushed the remaining chips into the mask. He then took one out and put it back in. He repeated the process several times, hoping the two humans would get the message. Tony's eyes suddenly lit up. "Peter wasn't gassed. The Goblin put a microchip in his head!"
"Shhh!!!" Peter gently pushed the spider back down, cupping both his hands around his pet's tiny form.
Tony nearly choked on his own drink. Steve whirled on Tony, giving him a death glare. "Don't give me that look! I didn't give him alcohol! I swear!" Steve leaned in close to Tony, his glare unwavering. "Really! Jesus, Steve, you're scaring the shit outta me!"
"Hungry?" Steve smiled at the shorter man. Tony hesitated before nodding. Steve put a gentle hand on the small of his back and guided him out of the workshop.
The next few weeks went by rather smoothly. Tony roamed freely around his mansion, enjoying the time spent outside his armor. He had to use a wheelchair to get around until he fixed his prosthetic leg. And even then, Pepper still insisted on him using the chair, wanting him to take it easy.
"He's a living weapon. He's said so himself on multiple occasions," Fury reminded them. "Iron Man is known to disobey orders, despite his so-called "programming" saying that that isn't possible. Not to mention the head trauma he received six months ago. Colonel Rhodes refuses to release a statement about the extent of the damage, but he did say a few wires came lose, and that they had trouble piecing you back together," Fury's glare landed on Iron Man once more. "Even Captain Rogers has said that you've been acting differently since then. I can pull up his reports to prove it."
" Another voice said from off camera. More and more people were crowding around the couple. Steve looked like he was starting to panic. He whispered something to Tony, but Tony just shook his head and downed an entire glass of scotch.
"Thank you, Steve! See, this is why I love you," Iron Man said. Tony smirked under his helmet, enjoying how that had gotten Steve all flustered. Clint made a choking noise. Tony snatched up the closest object, a wrench, and flung it at his head. Clint screamed and dove under the table.
"Why didn't you say so? FRIDAY, be a dear and call the police, would you?" Silence. "FRIDAY?" Tony stopped in his tracks. Dread welled up in the pit of his stomach. "Spider-man? Are you there?"
Tony took a deep breath, "back in 2008, Obadiah put a hit on me. Which got me blown up during a weapons presentation in Afghanistan. The terrorists who were supposed to kill me decided that I would be more useful to them alive. So they kidnapped me and had another engineer they kidnapped fix me up." He put a hand over his facial prosthetic. "There wasn't much left of me, but they didn't care. They were determined to have the weapons I designed. As soon as I was mobile, Yinsen and I built the Iron Man suit, and I escaped. At the time, I still didn't know who had put the hit on me, and the world was convinced Tony Stark was dead. So everyone involved in my rescue decided it would be a good idea to stay dead." His eyes flicked to Rhodey.
Spider-man stood in the doorway, mouth agape. He had gone to retrieve his mask but got side tracked when he heard familiar voices.
"Good. Still not going bowling, though." Tony nodded. He groaned when Bucky started giving him puppy dog eyes. "Okay, okay. I'll think about it. Happy?"
"How come we're just now hearing about you? I thought Iron Man was one of a kind," Bruce leaned towards the screen, taking in every detail of the new bot.
"And robots take things too literally," Steve shot back, a playful smile on his lips. "Anyway. This Obediah, I've heard of him. He used to work for SI, didn't he?"
"I could ask you the same thing," the man growled. Bucky was pretty sure the man's chest was glowing, but it was hard to tell with the layers of clothing.
"It was hardly a fair fight. You gave yours eight legs!" Tony plucked Peter's robot off of his own and set it to the side.
Steve got real close to Harry, "Spider-man was here last night. And something very bad happened to him because of it. We want answers."
The man stumbled forward. "You're tougher than I thought..." He said as he regained his balance and turned to face Peter. "No wonder my colleagues want you dead so badly." He struck Spidey upside the head with a metal limb, sending him sprawling back down into the mud. "They instructed me to bring you in alive, though. So let's not overdo things." Cold steel clamped around Spidey's ankle dragging him towards the strange man. Thanks to his now soaked suit, Spider-man was able to slip free. He crab-walked backward several feet before flipping into a defensive crouch.
Pepper took a deep, shaky breath. "You...you are human. You were born a human, and you will always be a human! Your brain is still made of tissue, and your heart is still beating."
Natasha sat alone on the couch, her feet tucked under her. A blanket was wrapped around her shoulders, providing her with a warmth that her nightgown could not. It was quiet. Quiet was a term not often associated with the Avengers. And certainly not the home of said people. Their home was a place where everyone could be themselves. Many of the members had quite a bit of energy, and a lot to say to one another. Or a lot of yelling to do at one another. Depending on the time of day. Overall, the Avengers were a loud, rambunctious mess of a family and the quiet Natasha was experiencing made her uneasy. A few months ago, she would have enjoyed such peace. Not anymore.
Tony grunted as he pushed himself up on his elbows. The arc reactor was hanging from its housing, the protective glass completely shattered. Steve reached under him and pushed the device back in. The locking mechanism turned out to be broken, and the reactor fell out as soon as Steve pulled away. He felt sick, looking at Tony's heart hanging from of his chest by a few thin wires. "I have an idea."
Tony didn't scream. He didn't say a single word. Didn't shed a single tear as they literally tore him limb from limb. He couldn't feel pain in those limbs anyway. It did hurt when they started sticking wires in the mechanical side of his rib cage. When they stuck tubes into his artificial lung. That one really burned. Made his throat and human lung feel like they had been pumped full of acid. For all he knew, they could have. Tony didn't put it past those sick freaks.
"Don't go, Tony. Please." Steve took another step towards him. He now stood directly in front of Tony, their faces inches apart. "I still love you." He leaned in for a kiss.
"Damn Stark..." Fury shook his head. He put two fingers to his ear, "alright, people. Let's get this show on the road." The Quinjets dove out of the sky, going after Hulk and Doc Ock. Several agents hurried out of the jet on the football field, going straight to Maximoff and putting her in handcuffs that blocked her magic. Spider-man stepped out of the way, looking up when he heard Michelle calling his name.
"Didn't look like an accident." Harry backed Peter into a wall. Cold metal was jammed under his chin. "My dad was right about you people. Nothing but a rag tag group of murderers who only care about themselves."
"Wouldn't still be there. He could be anywhere on the carrier," Steve skidded to a stop next to Tony.
"You let them get away," a masculine voice said from the shadows, glaring at the surveillance screens.
"I don't know. I told the others to start wrapping up and head back to the jet. There's not much else we can do here. They have orders to bring Spider-man with them if they see him," Steve informed him.
"Can you two act like adults for once in your lives?" Steve stomped over and opened the window, letting Spider-man in. He and Sam had just returned from their run.
Movement caught Spider-man's eye. He whipped around just in time to see something zip across the sky. Interesting. "Duty calls." Peter hung up, ignoring the protests from his family. He quickly web slung after the...man? Yes, it was definitely a masculine figure. On some sort of glider.
Tony buried his face in Steve's shoulder and wailed. Steve tightened his embrace. He stayed silent until Tony cried himself into exhaustion. "Nat said Wanda did something to you, back on the highway. She must have planted bad images in your head."
"Yeah, but it came out in 2019. So Thor hasn't seen it!" Clint defended his favorite movie. The rest of the team was ambling around the common area, getting in their seats or retrieving snacks from the kitchen.
"It sure looks that way to me," Fury pressed play on the computer. Tony stared blankly at himself electrocuting Peter. There was no sound on the video. Tony didn't need it anyway, those screams still echoed in his mind. He would remember them until the day he died.
"Has he dropped down on you yet?" Steve smirked. Peter's favorite thing to do was to follow someone along the ceiling and drop down on them when they least expected it.
"So first, I'm going to launch myself into orbit, hang out with some hot aliens for a few months, then-"
"One, two, three, four," Tony counted under his breath, "aaand...five!" As soon as he spoke, the backup generators kicked in, flooding the room with light once more.
"He experimented on my child. Tortured him. I want that man on death row." Tony's voice dripped with venom.
Steve stormed over and tried to wrestle Peter out of the pilot's chair. "I don't approve of this suicide mission."
"If I may interrupt," Jarvis spoke up, "Mr. Wilson has asked me to inform you both that dinner is ready."
"Fuck you," Tony slammed the helmet down on the edge of a table. "Fuck you. Fuck you! FUCK YOU! FUCK YOU ALL TO HELL!" He brought the helmet down again and again and again. The armor didn't even scratch. That enraged Tony even more. He picked up the sledgehammer and brought it down on the helmet.
"I know damn well what the deal was. I also know that this person claims to be an Avenger. Why hire someone else to kidnap Spider-man when they could just do it at any point? Surely they're constantly around each other. This whole thing smells fishy to me."
"Chat? You're the last person I want to talk to right now." Peter slammed the microwave door shut and punched in the numbers so hard he nearly cracked the screen.
"Stark! Don't leave the Hulk! Sam can take care of Spider-man!" Steve snapped. He and War Machine still had their hands full with Doc Ock.
get to do is push him away like that. He loved you. He loved the Avengers. All of you, with every fiber of his being. He would've given his life for any one of you without a second thought. He almost did, too, when he rescued you from the Helicarrier. And how did you thank him for that? By rejecting him. Pushed him to the side like he meant nothing to you. Hell, some of you threatened to quit the team because you couldn't stand to be in the same room as him! Dammit, Rogers..." She tightened her grip on his collar, her knuckles turning white. "I get it. People are upset. But Tony doesn't deserve to be rejected like that."
The first robber took another weapon out of his pocket. It was a small oddly shaped gun. That happened to have parts that glowed purple.
"I can see that. What I can't see is why you purposefully let the spider loose and allowed it to bite someone."
Bruce Banner stood next to the cell, writing something on a clipboard. He glanced up at Tony, his face betraying no emotions.
Osborn lumbered out of the smoke, blood dripping from what was left of his mangled hand. "You'll pay for this, Spider-man..."
Spider-man started to run after him. He didn't get very far before Steve grabbed him by the wrist, "that's enough, Peter."
He then healed the gash on Tony's arm. Tony pulled his shirt up just enough to allow the man to heal his ribs. The man pointed at the arc reactor and said something.
Tony suddenly burst out laughing. His prosthetic arm had indeed been blown off during the battle, but he wasn't going to bother fixing it until after he got some rest.
" Happy motioned for him to continue. Now that he was close to the camera, Peter could see the haunted look in Happy's eyes.
"Then stay here and keep your head down," Steve ordered. A repulsor blast took out part of the breakfast bar.
Peter made a hard turn, speeding up onto the highway. Bruce and Wanda flew out of the side streets, meeting up with the wall crawler on the onramp. Wanda looked up at the sound of Iron Man's repulsors. The metal man was flying right above them.
Tony leaned over and manually ended the recording he had just made. He played the message over, making sure he had said everything he wanted to. He hated the way his voice cracked at the end of it, but he didn't have time to re-record.
It took every ounce of will power Tony had to not attack Bruce the second he was free. "Don't have to tell me twice." Tony stood protectively in front of Peter. Clint and Natasha were already running off down the hallway, while Sam and Rhodey drug Bruce in the opposite direction.
"He thought I was serious about the pregnancy thing, so don't be surprised if he calls back," MJ smirked. "Hey, do you think our kids would have eight legs?"
"You are literally a human black hole when it comes to food," Tony handed Steve a cup of orange juice and went back up to the counter to get a coffee for himself.
Three of the helicopters landed on the mountain, SHIELD agents pouring out of them. The helicopters kicked up wind and dirt, their loud proppellers masking whatever orders the agents were shouting at the Avengers. One by one, the team was put into handcuffs and hauled onto the helicopters.
A huge smile spread across Bruce's face, "it worked!" He nudged Peter to his feet, "we need to tell Wanda. She's want to move onto the next part of our plan."
"All of it. Pete and I were walking home from school and all of a sudden he told me to run. But I didn't. I hid behind a dumpster. Then this car drove up, with a bunch of dudes-" Ned was cut off by static.
?! Tony's fingers moved like lightning across the keyboard, desperately deleting any traces of the schematics. "Guys, we have a huge problem." Static came through the comms. "Guys?"
"You," Pepper choked out. "Well, not you. People who look like you. They have your armor-" there was a loud bang and scream from Pepper. "They're almost inside-"
"War Machine. The guy who's supposed to be keeping an eye on the hot mess behind you," War Machine snapped.
Steve nodded as he set another log on the chopping block. "Iron Man saved thousands. And the world fell in love with him." Bucky smiled softly at that. He knew that Iron Man used to be hated, what with being Tony Stark's ultimate weapon of destruction. But after the Chitauri things were different. On the rare occasions that Iron Man was seen in public, people swarmed around him, showering him with admiration. Kids in particular really seemed to like him. And honestly, what kid wouldn't love a robot superhero? "There would've been a huge outcry if the council went through with their plans to shut him down." Steve went on, "I haven't heard anything from them since, so I had figured they finally accepted that Iron Man was here to stay." He brought down the ax with a grunt, startling a nearby crow. Bucky watched as it fluttered up into the trees. "And then some asshole had to go put on a mask and ruin everything."
"Yeeeaaah, no. I'd rather not." Iron Man turned his attention back to the Hulk. "Do what you gotta do, Junior Birdman." He called to Clint. Spider-man tried web slinging up to Iron Man, but his web was cut by Cap's shield.
The Avengers followed Tony down the hall. Robot parts littered the floor. The walls and ceilings all but destroyed by a combination of repulsors, bullets, and lasers. Bucky was impressed by just how well Tony was able to hold his own without the armor. The shield probably saved his ass more than once on his way to the team.
"Hey, honey bear!" Iron Man chirped, waving at the other bot. "Haven't seen you in awhile! How ya been?"
"Okay, that was interesting," Sam flew back in through the broken windows, the Avengers who had taken the fight outside following close behind. The lawn was littered with chunks of armor, some of them still on fire. Nothing too dangerous, thankfully. But not too pleasant either.
"Wow. Real deal. Huh." The man leaned back on his hands. "Funny. Lived in new york all my life, but I never met an Avenger in person. Until now."
"I know. But whoever was on the other side of that transmission threatened the Avengers. I'm going to put a stop to this before things get out of hand." Tony responded.
"I think he has potential to be a good person," Spidey explained as he opened the door to the conference room. Inside the new Avengers awaited them. Falcon, Ant Man, Wasp, Vision, Doctor Strange, Captain Marvel, and the newest member that they had just been discussing, Deadpool. The former merc beamed at Spidey. Everyone else looked a bit uncomfortable being in the same room as him. Except for Ant Man. He had agreed with Peter on the topic of Deadpool's potential.
Tony was going to die out here. Alone. And cold. He deserved it. After what he had done to those people at AIM. After what he had done to his team. But he had done a lot of good, too...right? Like carrying that nuke through the wormhole. Anger bubbled up in his gut. Anger for the fact that he was going to die alone. Anger for the team who had abandoned him. Anger directed at himself. Anger for Obadiah who causing all this. It wasn't
"Steve. I'm a ticking time bomb. Literally," Iron Man tapped his arc reactor. "A fucking lose canon. You saw what I did to my workshop earlier this year."
"I think this is a dead end," Natasha sighed. She shuffled along the sidewalk, kicking a can along in front of her. Steve glanced at the object. She had been kicking it along for the last few blocks and he was at a loss for why she didn't just pick it up and throw it away.
Steve sighed. Sometimes working with Iron Man could be a real pain. Unlike Jarvis, Iron Man could disobey orders. And lie. "Was there anything down there that could pose a threat?"
“So if I hadn’t been tortured, your feelings wouldn’t have changed? Needed to see a bit of blood before you decided if I was worth your time? That's reassuring."
"Don't..." Peter gagged, having heard the symbiote's thoughts. He made it let Kraven go. Kraven slid down the wall, leaving a trail of blood in his wake. "I...we...we...need help..." Peter fumbled for the panic button in his pocket. No less than five minutes after pressing it, did Iron Man bust in through the roof, slamming down on the concrete floor with a heavy metal thud.
"Who do you think you're talking to?" Tony smirked, already moving around the lab to collect what they needed.
"We got what we came here for. Let's blow this popsicle stand!" Bucky called, rolling up beside the Captain on his own motorcycle. The Winter Soldier was the newest Avenger, having joined only two months ago. This was his first mission.
"I told you, I don't need you keeping an eye on me. I'm perfectly capable of taking care of myself."
Happy laughed, "you have the worst luck, I swear. Shat on by a bird, got your hot dog stolen, and shot all in one day. Jeez. Huh? No, Tony, he did not actually get shot...yes, Tony, he's fine. No, you can't talk to him, we're having a conversation about shit. Very, very, serious shit."
"You could say that," Steve brought the ax down on an unsuspecting log with way more force than necessary. "Apparently Fury still wants to trust Iron Man. He wants to give him a fair trial, and all that fun stuff. But the world security council has other plans." He kicked the two halves of wood into the pile. "The World Security Council never trusted Iron Man. I don't know if you knew that."
Tony shook his head, "it'll be too late by then." His eyes flicked up to the Director. The sun was setting behind him, casting a soft orange glow on the office, and shadowing Fury's face. The cyborg narrowed his eyes, trying to make out the expression on the other man's face. He couldn't.
Robert glanced over at the TV. The news was still covering the Raft breakout from a week ago. The rogue Avenger on the loose was big news. Peter looked over his shoulder at the TV. There was no sound, but subtitles scrolled across the bottom of the screen.
Happy reached for the roll of tape but decided against it. It took them awhile to get to the compound. The rush hour traffic was not helping. And of course, Peter talked the entire way. Happy had stopped listening over an hour ago. Was Peter talking about Star Wars again? God, Happy felt like he was about to lose his mind. These constant drives from Queens to the compound had become the bane of his existence.
"Dammit, Tony! Pete, can you hear me? You need to-OW. STOP." Steve slammed his shield into Venom's chest, knocking him back a few feet. Blood oozed from a fresh cut on the bridge of his nose. The symbiote snarled and lunged again. "I know you're upset, but I need you to just take a deep breath and calm down," Steve wrestled Venom onto his back, using his super human strength to hold him down.
"We've been over this, Stark. We have no way to find them and Peter isn't going to come to us willingly. We can't do anything until they make their next play." Steve handed Tony his sandwich.
Ultron retreated further into Tony's private servers, where he could alter his coding in peace. It would take time, but he was positive that he could figure out a way to spread his consciousness out over several bodies. He did share a mind with the genius that was Tony Stark, after all.
Now that all the Avengers were present, Bruce and Sam set the food out, and the party officially started. Bucky managed to sneak a plate of food back to Tony's secret room, not wanting his friend to go hungry. Iron Man and Steve naturally migrated back to one another. Bucky was worried about Tony, but his worries were put to rest when he heard him laughing at something Steve said. The two were on either side of the bar, leaning in so close that their foreheads were almost touching. He'd have to talk to Tony about his self-destructive tendencies later, but for now, the cyborg seemed to be doing alright.
"And it's not like I didn't go out in disguise when we lived in the tower. It was easier back then. And I don't wear the suit when I go to Malibu with Pepper-"
"He thinks I'm the one who tortured him," Tony's voice wavered. "I tried convincing him otherwise, but he wouldn't listen. He didn't seem to know who the Avengers were, either. Well, he knew the Avengers were the ones chasing him just now, he didn't know your guys' names."
"Killian runs a company called AIM. They're located not far from here," Bruce said. "Are we suiting up?"
Steve looked...pissed. There was no other way to describe the look on his face. The way his jaw was clenched so tightly that the tendons in his neck popped out. And the sharp look in his eyes usually reserved for battle. The super soldier swatted Tony's hands away, "I can take care of myself, Stark." Sam snatched the first aid kit out of Tony's hand and went about patching Steve up. The soldier didn't protest Sam's help.
"You were human," Steve went on, "in my dream. You were human. We were on a date. But there was a bomb, and you..." He let out a choked sob. "Anthony, there was so much blood. And you wouldn't wake up."
"Last time I did that, things didn't go so well," he pulled down one of his sleeves to show them the scar on his arm.
Other than the soft "hey" he had given Steve when they reunited, the bot hadn't said a single word to him. He didn't speak to anyone, in fact. Bucky managed to get a few words out of him on the first day before he vanished into his workshop. Iron Man seemed to have retreated into his own mind. Talkative, hot-headed Iron Man had become withdrawn. Silent. Steve hated it.
Fury stopped in front of the last cell. The prisoner within still wore his red and blues. He was curled up on the cot, his back to his visitors. At first, Tony thought he was dead. But then Peter shuddered, and relief flooded through the Avenger.
Natasha sucked in a sharp breath, putting two and two together. She looked over at Bucky, asking a silent question.
"He's seventeen. And will not be having any beer except for root beer tonight," Steve announced. Peter grumbled something under his breath as he trudged to the kitchen to get a soda. Clint found it odd that Cap would know Spider-man's exact age, but he didn't press the subject.
A rustling noise made Peter jump to his feet. He relaxed and sat back down when he realized it was just a squirrel.
That was news to Bucky. Tony was a very active person, always bouncing around from one task to the next, almost always on his feet. Now that he thought about it, Tony did walk with a rather stiff gait. Iron Man, on the other hand, walked smoothly. "You seem to do alright when you wear the armor." His eyes drifted down to Tony's visible stump, and the ugly scar tissue that surrounded the metal connectors.
"So, like, this dog was huge. I mean HUGE," Spider-man rambled into his phone as he lounged on a fire escape, waving his hands for emphasis even though the person on the other end of the line couldn't see it. "And like, it came out of nowhere and just stole my entire hot dog!"
Tony just really needed coffee. And the workshop was out. The Avengers better have some in their kitchen. Otherwise, there would be hell to pay. Luckily, someone had just gone grocery shopping and there was more than enough to satisfy the fatigued cyborg. Tony got the coffee maker going and moved over to the fridge. He still didn't quite have his appetite back. The stuff he had seen done to his own body at AIM had kind of ruined that. Steve was breathing down his neck about eating regularly, so he was making an attempt to do so. Tony stared at the open fridge, making no move to grab anything. Despite being exhausted, his brain was wide awake. It had been on overdrive ever since his escape and showed no signs of slowing down anytime soon.
Peter scooped up a small pile of snow into his hands, letting the tiny crystals fall between his fingers.
"I won't, Tony." Tony flinched at his own name. "You have my word." Bucky locked the door behind him.
Steve frowned. Clint ran his gloved fingertips over the edge of the car door, his head was bowed, avoiding eye contact with Steve. "Thought you didn't like him?"
Peter used his webbing to grab his mask from the other side of the table. Tony watched him out of the corner of his eye. It was strange seeing the webs come out of his actual wrist. Peter refused to use the organic webs in combat, although he seemed to have no problem using them for simple tasks. Or for pranks. The moment Peter came home, he and Clint had been acting like the hounds of hell. No one was able was safe from their shenanigans. Except for, of course, Natasha. They may be idiots, but they didn't have a death wish.
"Right, right. Ladies first," he held his arm out to the waterfall. Bruce rolled his eyes. He grabbed Tony's arm and pulled him into the falling water. For a few seconds, they were free falling, and then they hit the water hard enough to knock the wind out of them. Tony barely had time to catch his breath before the current pulled him under.
"Okay," Steve kicked open the door like it was nothing. Michelle yelped and grabbed the closest object, a pair of scissors. She pointed it at them, eyes blazing with determination.
"Congratulations!" Thor clapped Tony on the back so hard he had to steady himself against the table.
"Right now? Let me find my shoes," Wanda's eyes flashed red. Energy was already gathered around her finger tips, eager to let loose after being contained for so long.
Spider-man held her close, keeping silent as he watched the SHIELD agents haul Wanda onto the Quinjet and fly off.
"I'm sorry, but there was a strange man in my lab. What was I supposed to do?" Tony threw his hands in the air. "I didn't know if he had bad intentions or not!"
"I don't think I'll be buying you a beer again anytime soon," Tony moved cautiously through the halls.
Tony ignored that statement, continuing to run as fast as his legs could carry him. Bucky winced, knowing the motion probably hurt. But Tony's expression betrayed no pain. There was nothing but raw determination on his face.
"Oh, he definitely is," War Machine groaned. "Wait," he jerked his head back, "you think I'm a bot, don't you?"
Tony's phone pinged, another text with another photo attached. This one showed Peter himself. The boy was kneeling, his arms chained to the walls on either side of him. Dried blood covered the lacerations on his arms. Fresh blood-soaked the side of Peter's face, running down his neck and darkening the red of his suit. The text below the image read, '4 Hours, 30 Minutes. Tick, tock, Mr. Stark. Every half hour you waste in another injury.'
A scream sliced through the cold night air, instantly waking Steve, who jumped up and raced towards the sound. The Avenger found Stark doubled over in the kitchen.
"Learn a little faster!" Tony barked, kicking open the door to the lab. Pieces of his armor were already flying towards him. Peter leaped over a table and slid under another. He jumped back onto his feet when he reached a silver case on the other side of the room. The case flipped open upon Peter's verbal command. The Iron Spider suit was folded neatly within.
"Never felt pain before. But I do have Artifical nerves. Deep down." Iron Man choked out. "Deep deep down. Meant to detect internal damage. S-something's wrong. I've never felt like this before. Oh FUCK, please call Rhodey!" Tony hadn't felt this much pain since half his body was blown up. He was conscious enough to make up an answer but too far gone to pinpoint where the pain was coming from. It felt like his entire body was on fire.
Both the Hulk and Wanda engaged in a battle with Peter, oblivious to the newest addition to the fight. Peter was flipping through the air, using his organic webbing in a desperate attempt to subdue his attackers.
The super soldier slipped the bolt into one of the pouches on his belt and went to collect Bucky and Rhodey.
Steve put a hand on Tony's shoulder, giving it a gentle squeeze. "No, we don't. You're plenty good enough just the way you are. Don't do this, Tony."
"And I can't risk Peter's life! That bastard could be holding a gun to my boy's head!" Tony slammed his fist on the table. "We give him the Venom. But just long enough to get Peter out of there. We all could easily take Osborn down."
Peter set his food down, covering it with a napkin to keep himself from vomiting. SHIELD had done a pretty good job of keeping the whole ordeal under wraps. The public knew that Scarlet Witch and the Hulk had gone rogue. They also knew about the battle at Midtown High. But that was it. No one knew the reasoning.
I think as of right now this will be a 10-15 chapter story. Unless I come up with other ideas. We'll see.
Tony's expression softened. "I'd like that," he sat cross legged on the floor, facing his partner. Steve did the same.
Bucky ran a hand through his hair and shook his head in disbelief. He knew he wouldn't get anywhere now that Tony's music was back so he changed the subject. "Could you take a look at my arm? Somethings not quite right."
"Well, Ultron. You're looking mighty fine today," Tony hummed as he sharpened the edges on the eyes. "Pity I never got to make you. We would've had a lot of fun together. Two robots. Saving the world. Wouldn't that have been a hoot? Though I have to admit, you're getting more and more intimidating every time I draw you."
"Is there supposed to be?" Natasha asked. The rest of the team started to gather around the workbench when they noticed the bot being taken apart.
Steve glanced up when he heard the door open. Tony strode into his office, looking less than happy. "Um...hi?" Steve blinked. No one ever came into Steve's office. The team understood that Steve liked to keep this particular room as professional as possible, so they kept their distance.
"That's a relief...what's going on here?" Tony tilted his head. All of Peter's belongings were boxed up, his various spider-man suits folded in a neat stack on the bed, which was bare of sheets and pillows. Happy was holding a bag full of web cartridges. He took one out and flung it at Peter, who was hunched over on the floor, headphones over his ears.
He crawled out onto a cliff that overlooked the forest. Peter let his legs dangle over the edge. From up here, he could see the tiny gap in the trees were Steve's cabin was, as well as the field in which the Quinjet was hidden. Peter laid back on the stone, hands folded over his midsection. It was peaceful up here. As much as he loved living in the compound and web slinging in Queens, it was too loud for his heightened senses.
Steve broke the window to the viewing room and jumped down, using his shield to break the fall. "WANDA HAS CONTROL OF PETER!!!" He screamed, running toward the fray.
"Of course not!" Peter snapped. A shiver ran down his spine. Natasha was staring at him in such a way that he felt like she could see his very soul.
Spider-man lifted his mask just enough to spit out the blood that had built up in his mouth. He was honestly surprised that the hit to his jaw hadn't broken it. Doc Ock swung at him again, and this time Peter was able to duck out of the way.
"Hard pass," Peter said, throwing a kick at Venoms head. The creature caught him by the ankle and flipped him onto his back.
A small smile made its way past the pain on Peter's face. He carefully folded up the photo and tucked it into his belt. "Okay, sorry backpack. But I can't keep carrying you around." Peter webbed his bag to the side of a nearby dumpster. "I'll be back, I promise!"
"We got company!" Natasha warned, watching out the back windows as a pair of fighter jets flew towards them. Their guns were at the ready, and they were closing in fast.
I hope you enjoyed this long mostly fluffy chapter. There will be plenty more shenanigans in the next chapter, now that we have Clint, Thor, and Peter in the same room.
"NO." Peter tried to escape through a vent, unfortunately, FRIDAY locked the grate firmly into place. Thor grabbed him by the ankle, trying to pull him down, but Peter remained stuck to the wall. He kicked the god in the face with his other foot and darted across the ceiling.
Iron Man snapped his fingers, dismissing all of the holograms. "Yes, I have 'another face' as you so kindly put it, Birdbrain."
"Yes, we've established that," Tony's human eye twitched. "Do you feel like living? Because I do. Follow me." He darted out of the room. A bot jumped in front of him, and he used the shield to knock it back. Acting fast, he raised his right hand and hit it in the reactor with his repulsor.
"Who would want you dead? What did you do? Is some dad mad because you dated his daughter?" Clint snorted.
Elsewhere, Wanda watched from the viewing window in the training hall. She smiled at the chaos far below. War Machine was flying towards Hulk. Before his fists made contact with the giant, Wanda flicked her fingers. Red light grabbed War Machine by the ankle and flung him through a wall.
"Well, Ultron's gone. Everything's over. We can move on," Clint clapped his hands together. "Right?"
"You gave us quite a scare, Man of Iron. I do not think that now is a good time for jokes," Thor frowned at him.
An extra paragraph was added about an hour after uploading this chapter. It got left out on accident, sorry for any confusion.
"I didn't say I would kill you. I just want you to feel every bit of pain you inflicted on me." Peter slapped his pants pocket, where he always kept the panic button. He didn't want the Avengers getting in the way of his revenge. But they deserved to know that their former teammates were in the building.
Kraven considered it for a moment, "I will allow you to take the pictures. Do with him what you will. But keep him alive. I need him for later."
"Then you and Bucky should go help him. Leave us out of this," Clint practically hissed. He had stayed close to the door the entire conversation and now had one hand on the knob, ready to bolt at any second.
"I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about web-slinging. My ribs aren't done healing. It's gonna hurt like hell," Peter was sitting on a table, watching Tony work. He laid back, trying to keep the pressure off his ribs. The cold metal of the table was a welcoming feeling on his back.
"I suppose," Steve said softly as the robot stepped out into the moonlight. Unpainted scraps of titanium alloy had been welded over the cuts in his armor. The oil had been scrubbed from his chest and throat, but there was still a noticeable brown stain on the paint. "How are you feeling?"
"You're used to experiments, aren't you?" Kraven said suddenly. "The scars on your body are too neat to be anything else." He nodded to Peter's forearms. Most of his costume was in shreds after the hours of torture Osborn had inflicted on him. "Osborn told me that was how you got your powers. You're a lab rat. An escaped lab rat. I have to admit, knowing you are not a natural occurrence in this world makes my hunt a little less interesting."
"I can't believe you!" Clint was yelling at Tony now. "Why would you lie to us like that?!" He approached Tony, forcing him back against the wall.
Her mind raced, trying to figure out a different course of action. A lot of people compared Peter to a puppy. And it wasn't just because he was good at giving people puppy dog eyes. It was because of how innocent he was. Even after everything that happened to him. Peter constantly sought out approval or any other form of positive attention. And hugs. Peter could never get enough hugs. Brute force wasn't the answer when dealing with the friendly neighborhood Spider-man.
"Yup. Get ready to jump, Cap!" Widow responded. Seconds later he heard the roar of a Quinjet flying towards them. The agents dove out of the way as the jet surged across the deck. The hanger door was open, and Steve jumped in at the last possible second. Clint had to grab onto him and pull him all the way in.
The lock clicked, and the door slid open. They all expected to see Peter standing on the other side, but instead Happy stood before them. "The kid's fine now, it was just a mild anxiety attack."
"RUN." Tony boomed, making Spidey jump back. "BANNER HAS CONTROL OF MY ARMOR!!" He shot his repulsor at Cap without warning. Thankfully, Steve jumped out of the way just in time. Iron Man shot towards the Avengers at full speed, knocking Natasha and Sam to the ground.
"Don't. Just don't," Peter put his head in his hands. He had finally gone back home after spending the week wandering the compound, not sure what to do with himself. Michelle had called Ned the moment Peter got him, his old school friend hurrying right over. They had both seen the news. Everyone saw the news. For once, the media wasn't against Spider-man and didn't blame him for the death of the Goblin, arguing that is was in defense of a teammate. But Peter still blamed himself.
"I know," Bucky chuckled. "Kinda hard to have a heart to heart with someone who doesn't have one." Tony flinched at his word choice. Bucky didn't notice and went on, "I'm not very good with feelings anyway." He stood up and stretched. He swung his metal around in a big circle, loosening up the shoulder joint. "Can I ask you something, though?"
"My name is Iron Man," the cyborg hissed. "Tony Stark died in that AIM facility. And nothing you could say or do will ever bring him back." Iron Man turned on heel and left the room.
"Good," Happy stood up. He patted down the front of his shirt, making sure he looked presentable. "I look forward to it." He gave Peter one last smile before wandering off.
Peter yawned and headed up to his bedroom, where Michelle was waiting for him. She put her book down when he flopped onto the bed.
Tony smiled softly and sat cross-legged at the end of the coffee table. "Fuck..." He leaned to the side in order to get a good look at the bottom of his foot.
"Huh," Deadpool leaned against the railing, facing the building it was attached to. "Who did you vote for?"
Twigs and leaves started raining down on them, right before a loud crack echoed throughout the woods. Larger branches tumbled down. A loud bird like screech pierced their ears. The dragon before them tilted back its head, letting out a softer screech.
Peter hid his face in his hands. Tony sighed and patted his shoulder. "Tell us when your ready, kiddo. No rush."
Tony choked out a scream. The already damaged armor around his neck offered little protection. Electricity quickly bit down to his flesh. Tony clawed at the rope. It was too tight. Too hot.
"I doubt Tony will let me go back to Queens anytime soon," Peter sighed, twisting the wires of his headphone in between his fingers.
"I know..." Tony sighed, knowing he was partial to blame for said trauma. "Spider's creep me out. Why'd he have to get one as a pet? There are plenty of perfectly good dogs. And fish. Fish are perfect. They don't ask questions."
Tony moved forward, the concern clear on his face. Steve threw an arm across Tony's chest and shook his head. Tony opened his mouth to protest but was met with a stern look from the first Avenger.
"Yup. Don't let it go to your head, kid. This is a one time gig," Steve nodded, sliding a tablet in front of Spider-man. "You're leading this mission because you know the most about Peter."
"Colonel James Rhodes of the United States Airforce, ma'am," War Machine straightened up. "I was close friends with Tony Stark. I've been trying to keep an eye on Iron Man for him. Make sure he doesn't get himself blown up
"We did," Steve confirmed. "We never stopped looking for you." Tony looked over his shoulder at Steve. Steve was a lot of things, but a liar wasn't one of them, as much as Tony hated to admit it.
Broken, twisted metal littered the floor. Clumps of wires. Scorch marks. Ash forever painted on the walls. All signs pointed to an explosion. There was no way Obediah could have survived. Absolutely none.
"Yeah, just peachy." Peter wheezed. He looked up at himself in the bathroom mirror. It felt good to be back in his usual red and blues. Well, as good as it could feel when you had a giant third degree burn on your chest. The SHIELD uniform he had been wearing was crumpled in the trash. Peter took a deep breath and tugged the mask over his face. "I can do this. I got this." He stepped out of the bathroom. The Avengers had shacked up in a run down hotel on the side of the road. They had gotten one room, paid in cash. They paid a bit extra to ensure no questions were asked by the person behind the front desk. With Clint's farm and Steve's cabin no longer safe places, they had to get creative with their new hide out.
"You giving the kid a hard time, Joe?" Another man walked up to the stand. He looked fairly young and had curly black hair.
As soon as the youngest Avenger was gone, Steve whirled on Tony, "what the hell crawled up your ass and died?"
"Widow. Falcon. Vision. Go find Wanda. Hawk Eye, War Machine, you guys take Bruce to the interrogation room." Steve ordered, his voice calm, even though he was losing his shit on the inside.
It was during this time that Tony noticed Steve was looking at him like he used to. The anger, the pity, the betrayal, all the looks Tony had grown used to receiving ever since taking off his helmet. None of those were present. Steve was looking at him as if that had never happened. Looking at Tony as if he were the most wonderful thing in the world. His gaze soft, a half smile on his lips. Tony allowed himself a small smile. Because for the first time in almost four months, he felt as though everything was going to be okay.
"We literally had this same conversation a few weeks ago! You believed me when I told you Banner did it-"
Clint looked over at Spidey, "did you call Iron Man 'dad'? OOF!" Another tentacle had slammed into his chest, sending him sailing across the room.
"What the actual hell?!" Bucky scrambled back, startling himself when he bumped into the tool cart. "Wait..." he studied Iron Man's face a bit closer. "You're...you're Tony Stark!"
"Some things can't be fixed, okay?!" Bucky shouted, making everyone jump. Steve stared at Bucky wide-eyed, surprised by his outburst. "They can't." Bucky dropped his head into his hands, a sob wracking his entire body. "They just can't." Rhodey moved over to him, wrapping an arm around the super soldier's shoulders. He looked like he was close to tears himself.
The peace only lasted for a few minutes, when Steve started calling his name. Peter sighed and crawled back down the mountain.
"Of course we would," Natasha sighed. "I have to agree with Tony on this one, though. You're not fighting anyone until you're back to one hundred percent health."
"What was that?" Natasha's head snapped up at the sound of gunfire. It was faint, coming from several floors above them.
"You gotta stay quite, buddy," Peter pleaded, his voice barely above a whisper. "I'm in big trouble if they find me, understand?"
"Okay, so 'dream' was the wrong word choice. It felt more like a memory," Peter waved his hands in the air. "I could feel the temperature in the room, and the wind outside, and I could smell someone frying burgers in the kitchen down the hall, and I-"
"Please let me go," Peter breathed out, his voice cracking on the last word. Steve slid off of him. Natasha made a move to pull Peter into his arms, but he shied away.
"I'm a bad influence on you," Iron Man chuckled. "Seriously, you'll blow your head off." He carefully removed the gauntlet from Steve's hands. Picking up a screwdriver, he got to work on fixing the bolts Steve had unintentionally loosened.
"We won't be able to convince him of anything as long as he's under Wanda's spell," Natasha countered. "What about you, Vision? Any bright ideas?"
That fact had brought the two closer, even if Bucky didn't know it. Just knowing someone with shared life experience put Tony's mind at ease.
"But I didn't. What's going on? When can we go home?" Peter tried to stand, but his legs gave out. Tony caught him before he hit the floor and made him sit back down.
Steve caught a glimpse of Iron Man ducking low to the ground, right before he vanished into the hillside. "Alright, Avengers. Let's wrap this up!"
"Who is that fair maiden?" Thor pointed at Peter's phone. Peter must have accidentally clicked on Michelle's contact when he was turning the phone over in his hands because now her picture was taking up most of the screen. The image showed her laughing, hair blowing in the wind.
"How's it going, Spidey?" The new man asked, a warm smile on his face. "Good to see you in one piece."
"You should bring her with you next time you stop by," Natasha suggested. "I have some stuff I want to show her." It was no secret that Natasha had been training MJ in hand to hand combat. She had also taught her how to throw knives. A skill MJ had used more than once in the past week when she needed to get Peter's attention.
The dragon screeched again and darted up into the clouds. Steve let his body go limp in defeat when he lost sight of Tony.
"Okay. Again, why not take it to your workshop?" Clint quirked an eyebrow. "Your getting oil all over the table."
"Obadiah was just one part of a larger conspiracy against me. It was pure luck that he didn't tell anyone else the truth about me. But my body was still healing. I was vulnerable. The Mark three was strong but it couldn't protect me from everything. If people had found out that I was alive, then there's no telling what could have happened to me. There were attempts on Iron Man's life. By people who didn't think Tony Stark's death was enough. After two years though, the attempts on my life stopped, and the world saw me as a hero. I didn't want to have to keep looking over my shoulder, so I decided to stay in hiding. Besides, I was doing much more good as Iron Man than I ever could as Tony Stark. The world was happy Tony Stark was dead. And Iron Man was my chance to start fresh," Tony finished.
"I suppose your fears were justified." Steve took a deep breath, allowing himself to relax. "We're done here." The sharp look in Steve's eyes hadn't gone away. "I can't do this, Tony. I can't be with someone who doesn't trust me to the point of keeping their own name a secret."
"He's an arachnid, not an insect," Peter said. "You might want to back off before he-oops." Henry had launched himself at Clint before Peter could finish his warning. Clint screamed and tumbled off the couch. Henry crawled all over the archer's face, hissing along the way.
"Are you alright, honey?" Steve managed to free Tony from the dead suit. He brushed his hand over his Husband's bloodied cheek. Tony just nodded, in too much shock to say anything.
"MJ! Help me!" Peter thrashed, struggling to free himself from Clint's death grip. Michelle stepped over them and made a bee line for the kitchen. Peter eventually squirmed away. He didn't make it much further into the room before he was stopped by his father.
"She is. But she also has a boyfriend who's in the bathroom," Steve pointed out. "And here he comes..." he quickly averted his eyes.
Bruce's eye twitched, Peter's reaction clearly not the one he had wanted. "Do you know how your aunt died?"
"Y-yeah..." Michelle panted, not letting go of Spider-man. "Let's...not do that again...like...ever."
"Good lord..." Steve breathed out, looking at Queens through the windshield of the Quinjet. The Hulk had already done a number on midtown, and he was still going. Spider-man landed the Jet atop an office building.
"Then I saw you swinging around Queens again last year, actin' like nothing happened. I was really glad you were alright. Queens needs you."
I hope you enjoyed the first chapter! I've never written fantasy before. I'm more used to suspense and angst, so please let me know how I'm doing.
"Your last name is Parker-Stark," Steve informed him. "Tony didn't take your memories. Wanda did. And your place is with us."
"I remember the science behind it. How each flake is unique," Peter said, holding the snow close to his face, as if trying to spot the differences between them. "It's weird. How you can know exactly how the world works, without remembering your part in it. It's like watching a movie with no characters."
Once they were safe, the stranger put the jet into auto pilot and turned the seat around to face the Avengers. "Everyone alright?"
"Yeah." Tony climbed back into the suit. "I don't think Peter will be coming back to the tower anytime soon. I'll keep an eye on him, but for now, just let him be."
As soon as Peter was out of the room, Tony started putting on his armor. "I don't know about you all, but I think it's time I paid Oscorp a visit."
The first step of saving humanity; eliminate the atrocity that was the Avengers. Iron Man was more than capable of killing each and every one of them. But Ultron was going to have to be smart about it. He couldn't go all in guns blazing. He would be outmatched and he knew it. So picking them off one at a time would have to do. He had already succeeded in parading around the compound in the armor, speaking to each of the Avengers. And they had no idea that their precious Cyborg wasn't in the armor. Getting them alone and quietly killing them would be no trouble at all.
"I-I-I...I got into the workshop. They're trying to break down the door. Tony, I'm scared!" Pepper's voice shook.
"I know that, Barton. But there are a lot of people out there who want to hurt me any means necessary. I couldn't take any risks," Tony tried to reason with them.
Peter forced his eyes to look at the hunter. He willed himself to say something, but his tongue betrayed him. More spit seeped from the corners of his mouth.
Tony peered up over the hood. A split second later, there was a second explosion and a blinding white light engulfed his vision. He felt himself being thrown back but was only vaguely aware of hitting the ground. He blinked several times, trying to get his vision back. When it did come back, he was met with the smiling face of the Green Goblin. Half of his body had been fried in the explosion. He held a piece of shrapnel in his uninjured hand. Tony scrambled back, looking around wildly for his son. Osborn stomped his boot on Tony's chest before he could get very far. Tony fumbled with his gauntlet, but his eye sight was still blurry and...where there three goblins standing over him? Focus! Tony shook his head and fired a shot. It missed completely and Osborn laughed and held down his arm with his other foot. Tony gasped in discomfort when all of Osborn's weight was put on him. Osborn leaned down, and Tony looked away, not liking the Goblin's face being so close to his own.
Steve and Sam had stopped talking, their attention now on Tony and Peter. "You both need rest," Steve instructed.
Sam had retreated into the corner, eyes downcast. Rhodey was still seated on the couch, eyes on Tony, yet not really looking at him. Natasha, Natasha of all people looked like she was on the verge of tears. Steve looked beyond crushed. As if his entire world had been destroyed. He opened his mouth to say something. No words came out. And then there was Clint. Clint who didn't dare take his eyes off Tony. His shoulders were shaking, his jaw tight. Tony looked away. He knew Clint's anger wasn't directed at him. That didn't mean he could bring himself to hold the archer's gaze.
"Don't complain about the person saving your ass," Iron Man stalked over to his friend. "Jesus, Cap. How did you get yourself into this mess?" His scanners told him that the chains were made of vibranium. Fantastic.
"You almost died, and you're worried about the Avengers finding out you're a human?" A feminine voice spoke, heels clicking their way over to Tony. Tony forced his eyes open and was relieved to see Pepper standing next to his bed.
"This looks good," Tony tapped a sandwich option on the menu. "I think I'll get the onion rings with it."
"Right here," Osborn pointed to a bulky folder that lay on his desk. "I learned what I could from it. And now you may have it back."
"Why not?! Tony, this has gone on long enough. You deserve to live a normal life." Pepper pleaded. "The team cares about you. Their feelings won't change if they were to know the truth. If anything they would just care about you more."
"He keeps talking about a red light. And blue thread. Said something about a bird once. Like I said. Nonsense."
"Jarvis, send me the footage." Iron Man requested. The was a moment of silence. Iron Man was facing the screen but clearly wasn't focused on it. His attention was on whatever was going on inside his artificial brain. "Pause. Enhance. Again. Shit. Jarvis, put that up where everyone can see it."
Spider-man shook his head. "I'm done for today." He tugged his mask off and exited the training hall. He wandered around the facility for awhile, not really sure what else to do. He wasn't really in the mood to talk to anyone.
For a moment, Iron Man was frozen in place, his eyes locked on Steve. Thunder crashed, illuminating the soldier's anger stricken face. Steve made a grab for Tony, but he quickly shot sideways across the deck. "Iron Man!" Steve pleaded, expression shifting into something that Tony couldn't quite make out.
of all things. Sure, it was impressive. It could read heat signatures. Energy signatures. Could scan people for injuries. It was directly connected to the HUD in his helmet. The camera shutters that acted as an eyelid were meant to protect his eye from damage. After all, the thing was fragile just like a real eye, but Tony had made the shutters to block projectiles. He hadn't made them with the ability to lock in place. They could easily be pried open. He never planned on one day being tied down to an operating table with mad scientist forcing his eye out of its socket. Yet that's exactly what happened. Someone used a screwdriver to push the shutters back into his socket. Then they took the damn thing right out of his skull. That pissed Tony off. That eye was
Tony snorted at that. "You say a lot of funny things, Steve. Like what you said at that press conference not too long ago. About me being kicked off the team for being untrustworthy."
Everything became of a jumble of images and sensations. The water was freezing. It gripped onto Tony's body like claws, threatening to pull him deep down into the unforgiving depths. He flailed his arms and legs, but that just made his situation worse. The river was in complete control of his body, tossing him through the currents like he was nothing more than a leaf. At one point he got a hold on a log jutting out of the river. He hauled himself up on the rough surface, gulping in air. That was short lived, as a wave crashed over him, breaking his hold on the log and sending him back underwater. Rocks and sticks pelted his unprotected body, but his body was already numb from cold and he barely felt them. Tony managed to get his head above water and suck in a deep breath of air. Another wave crashed over him, flooding his lung with water and slamming his back against the rocky riverbed. Tony flailed his arms again. His entire body ached. His lungs burned. He couldn't breathe. Panic started to set in.
Spider-man turned and walked towards Wanda. The witch slipped an arm around his shoulders, saying, "you did good, Peter. I think I'll have you finish him off another time, though..." The two walked off into the smoke.
"You've had plenty of chances," Steve hissed. "Two years worth of chances. What we had..." he shook his head in disgust. "That wasn't a healthy relationship, Tony. And we shouldn't continue it."
"He trusted us enough to reveal himself," Steve argued. "Both parties are at fault here. I believe listening to Tony's message is the first step to making things right."
Tony Stark could handle rejection. He could, honestly. He's been dealing with rejection since the day he was born. Dealing with people who just wanted him for his money. For his influence, power, whatever thing fit their needs during any given week. No one ever stuck around. Not when they got to know the real Tony Stark. It was fine. Tony was used to it. What he wasn't used to was having his heart truly broken. The pain was worse than having his face blasted off. Okay. Maybe that was an exaggeration. But heartache still sucked.
"No. I definitely saw it walking around on its own last night." Peter poked the arc reactor in its chest.
"Bruce almost Hulked out," Bucky said to Steve a few days later. "When we found your blood, he thought the worst. We all did. But there was no body, so we knew you weren't dead."
"We'll figure it out. Together." Steve cupped Iron Man's cheek with his hand, and Iron Man leaned into his touch. Behind the mask, Tony was smiling.
Steve didn't question anything when Iron Man took his hand and guided him through a maze of hidden hallways. They went down a flight of steps, and Iron Man punched a command into a virtual keypad on a glass wall. The doors slid open with a whoosh of air.
Peter stopped and looked down at himself. He wore a black version of his suit, a large white spider covering his chest and back. "Wanda made me wear it." His lenses didn't move like they did on his normal suit, a fact that Clint found unsettling.
"No, he's very much alive. We can prove it to you if you just come down here." Steve said, trying to keep his voice calm.
"Adopted. And we kept it under wraps. Other than my last name, I have literally no ties to Tony Stark. I don't have in part in his company. I never attended any of his press conferences. Limited our time seen together in public. No one knows I exist, and I plan on keeping it that way," Spider-man explained.
"I'm not going to kill it," Tony snapped. "I'm just going to put it in a small box. And put that box in a slightly larger box, and then put that box in-"
Peter watched the entire video in shock. He glanced over at the kitchen island, where most of the Avengers were still gather. Tony and Sam were laughing at something Rhodey had said. Steve noticed Peter looking at them and motioned for him to come over. Peter shook his head and turned his attention back to his phone. He went from video to video, finding more bar fights Tony had been in, and more press statements given by various members of the team. Peter had been completely oblivious to all of it at the time.
"Good." He slipped the shield onto his forearm and adjusted the straps. Tony's arms are by no means scrawny, yet they stood no match against the raw muscle that made up Steve's entire body. Tony took a deep breath, hoping that Steve wouldn't use that muscle against him when he saw Iron Man's real face. He was already going over his "don't be mad, baby" speech in his head. "Can you make the suit fly any faster? I have a feeling Steve's going to punch me in the face. And I'd rather not feel it."
"I'm not following you. Just making sure I can find you if you end up bleeding out in an alley somewhere." Tony muttered. Once they were in the lab Tony locked the doors and got to work on putting the tracker back in Peter's costume. "I guess it's time for Peter Stark to make an appearance..."
Wanda's face twisted into a cruel smile. "Birthday, huh? Well, I think I know the perfect gift for our little spider." She moved her hand around, watching the red light swirl between her finger tips.
"I'm not a doctor, but I don't think you should be out patrolling after everything that just went down." Tony leaned against the railing, taking off his helmet.
"Should have kept that mask on. Your brain took quite a beating just now. Speaking of which..." Kraven took the mask from where it hung on Peter's belt and stomped it into the ground, making sure to dirty it up and break one of the lenses. Once that was done, he made a small cut on the inside of Peter's elbow and allowed the blood to drip inside the mask. He balled up the mask one last time, before dropping it back on the ground.
"Jarvis-" Tony opened the flaps on his shoulders to give himself an extra boost. A loud bang could be heard as he blasted ahead even faster than before.
"You never asked," Tony shrugged. "I don't know about you guys, but I'm going to make another pot of coffee. Who wants some?"
Bucky nodded, "if that's the case, then I'm going to go look too. I'll take Sam with me. See if we can investigate any of the crime scenes for ourselves."
"Think you could give me a hand, cap?" Iron Man's undamaged eye flicked back on. He wiggled what was left of his arm.
"I for one am in full support of Stark remaining on the team," Natasha announced as she strode into the room, still wearing her nightgown.
And then, of course, the most obvious. Iron Man's ability to feel pain. Both physical and emotional.
"I want a full report and whatever bullshit happened today," Fury made a sweeping motion with his arms. "Later, though. For now, I suggest you all come with me. Like I said, your presence was requested four hours ago. Our ride is waiting for us on the landing pad." Fury jerked his thumb over his shoulder. The Avengers quickly made for the door. Fury was about to follow when he noticed that Tony hadn't moved. "You too."
"Yeah. It's not as deep. And the helmet makes this weird..." Bucky waved his hands, "I don't know how to explain it. It's like...echoey. But not? It's different. Sounds like a computer, I guess."
"Can we focus?" Rhodey said. Thankfully, the fighting had been pushed to a less populated part of town. So far, no civilian casualties or injuries. Steve's plan was to keep pushing them towards the warehouse district and end things there.
"Everyone knows that light in your chest is what's keeping you alive. Especially your enemies. They are going to go for it first, probably taking out your ribs in the process-"
"That's not going to happen. I let you go the first time. I won't make that mistake again," the Steve look-alike growled.
Tony put a hand on Peter's shoulder, "Pete-ARGH!" Peter had grabbed his hand and crushed it, he could hear the bones cracking inside the armor. Sparks flew out of the mangled gauntlet. Peter grunted as he grabbed Tony's arm with both hands and flung him across the room. Iron Man crashed through a window and fell to the lounge below. A second later he flew back up, hovering outside what was left of the window. "Okay. Playtime's over, junior."
After including Happy in the last chapter I realized I've been neglecting his character for like...the entire story. Oops. So I tried to include him a bit more in this chapter. Hopefully, I won't forget him in future chapters. I have a lot of characters to keep track of...
"Left lens is squeaky," Peter reported. He carefully removed each of the delicate shutters and cleaned them.
"No snowball fights in the house." Tony rubbed his eyes. It was too early in the morning for this. He stomped over to Steve, who was pretending to die on the carpet.
"I know, buddy. I know," Tony gave him a sad look, "I won't do anything you're not comfortable with. And it won't hurt. I promise I'll do everything in my power to make sure it won't. You trust me, right?"
"Oooooh," Clint was sitting backward on the couch, chin resting on the back. An all too familiar sly smile on his face.
"F-fine, now...we just gotta get the Hulk..." Peter's breathing was becoming more steady. His lungs still burned, but he couldn't afford to wait for them to fully heal.
The man snorted. "Aliens. I punched a few of those. Back in...2012? 2009? Can't remember. But yeah. It happened."
"College is a thing that exists," Peter said, flopping down on the couch next to his friend. Or weird uncle. Peter really wasn't sure what to make of his partner in pranks. The Avengers all claimed to be Peter's aunt or uncles, but Tony quickly shot those notions down, not liking how that implied that the Avengers were his siblings. Tony would rather set himself on fire then call Clint his brother.
"You've said that. A few times." Tony turned him around and slipped a bright red tie around his neck. Peter reached up to tie it, but Tony slapped his hands and tied it himself. "There you go," he tucked the end into Peter's jacket.
"Stark, if you drop my daughter I'm going to beat your ass," Michelle threatened from where she lay on the hospital bed.
Peter wanted to make things right. But he knew that there just wasn't any way to do that. No amount of revenge could help Harry feel better. Peter knew that from his experience of losing uncle Ben. And there was no definite number of "I'm sorries" that could be said to make the pain go away.
"Oh, h-hey dad," Peter relaxed and hugged his father, his voice was weak and he was breathing much too loudly. Tony returned the hug gently, afraid to hurt him even more than he already had. He pulled away after a minute and held Peter at arm's length. Heavy bandages could be seen through the hole in his suit. An ugly bruise covered the side of his jaw where the Iron Man suit had punched him. Tony looked him over carefully, just to make sure Bruce hadn't tried anything.
Fury folded his hands on the cold metal table. Across from him sat Tony Stark. His mouth was pressed into a thin line as he glared at the handcuffs on his wrists. A laptop was placed between them. It had been playing footage of Iron Man attacking the Avengers, but it had been paused on the image of Iron Man punching Spider-man.
Tony entered his bedroom, which was on a completely separate floor than the rest of the team. He shed his armor and limped over to his bed. Walking without his suit was difficult, but he managed alright. It was easier when he wasn't so tired. He had just returned from a rather long mission with his team and was ready to sleep for the next week.
"THE HELMET!!" Peter suddenly screamed. "STARK EXPO! HELMET!" The video abruptly cut off right after that final word.
"Thanks for that mental image, Clint!" Bucky snickered. A big smile spread across Clint's face. The three had been arguing over something petty. Steve had taken a shot at Clint's morals, and Clint went in for the kill. "Now that you say that, I can totally see it!"
Peter was gone in the morning. Tony was panicking, having already searched the hotel and surrounding area.
"Iron Man!!" Steve dropped his shield and raced to his friend's side. The Avengers swarmed around their fallen teammate. Steve practically fell on top of his friend, cupping his face with his hands. Iron Man's eyes were dark. But the arc reactor still glowed. He was alive. "Iron Man! Can you hear me?!" Iron Man gave a small nod. Steve let out a shaky breath.
Peter stared at him wide eyed. He tugged his mask back over his face. He kept his hands on the ends of his mask, holding the fabric tightly over his mouth.
"Bad..." Tony choked out. Peter tried to say something but it came out muffled. Tony reached for Peter's mask only for the teen to grab the fabric and hold it tightly in place. After playing tug of war with the mask for a solid minute, Tony successfully yanked it off.
“He’s coming,” Tony decided for him. “We’ll be right there.” Bucky grinned at them before hurrying off. Tony soon found the articles of clothing he had been searching for and made a beeline for the door. He held it open and motioned for Steve to come over.
"Hey, kid," Happy gave him a small smile. "Sitting correctly on the sofa, huh? You're not sick are you?"
"P-Peter?" Michelle crab walked back several feet. Natasha and Clint were at her side in an instant.
"Man of Iron! Apologizes, I did not see you there!" Thor said after rounding a corner and literally running into Iron Man. Iron Man just nodded and moved around him. "Banner and I are going out soon. He is taking me to a science museum!" Thor said cheerfully. "Care to join us?"
Steve did a quick headcount. Everyone was present. And uninjured. They were all in various states of shock. But they were alive. And that was all that mattered at the moment.
Heavy metallic footsteps approached the door. More sounds of crunching metal echoed throughout the room as the doors were forced open. But it wasn't Iron Man who had opened the doors.
Tony rolled his eyes. "Good thing your sass made it out in one piece. What would the world do without it?"
A mark 46 shot through the hole in the roof and grabbed Iron Man. Iron Man ignited his boots, sending them both spiraling through the air.
It wasn't hard for Tony and Steve to break into Oscorp. They went through the sewers and up through the underground parking garage. Steve knocked out the guards in the first security room they came too. Tony lifted his faceplate and frowned at the many screens that plastered the wall. "FRIDAY, when did Peter leave for patrol last night?"
"Amnesia, huh?" Stephen scratched his head. Natasha, Steve, and Tony stood in the doorway to his sanctum. A small crowd had started to gather on the sidewalk, drawn in by the sight of the three Avengers. "Yeah, I should be able to do something about that. Where is he?" Tony pointed up. Stephen stuck his head out the door and looked up. Spider-man was perched on a window sill several stories up, staring down at them warily. "And he's up there because...?"
"There! That thing's taken him!" Clint cried, pointing up at the sky. They could just barely make out the silhouette of the dragon, with a person in its claws. The dragon was already miles away, heading in the direction of the mountain range.
"I just did," Natasha knelt down next to them, putting a hand on Iron Man's knee. "He's on his way. Just hold on. Where does it hurt?"
"I don't deserve jack shit." Tony looked up at her, the pain in his human eye all too clear. "And they'd kick me off the team if they knew I'd been lying to them for over a year. Hell, I've been lying to the entire world for six years! Can you imagine what would happen if I suddenly showed my face?!"
"You're a good person, Wade. The rest of the team will come around. Just give them time," Spider-man shifted closer to Wade, their legs barely touching.
"What movie are we watching?" Peter perched himself on the back of one of the couches, Henry on his shoulder.
"Doctor..." Clint said, trying to get in between the two without further angering Bruce. The scientist's eyes had been green ever since Tony revealed himself. But it wasn't until they were safely back at the compound that shit hit the fan.
Iron Man was in the front yard, playing with Clint's kids. He was flying just a few feet off the ground, giving the two overly excited kids a ride on his back. Clint's son had one hand raised, making "pew pew" noises at various objects. Clint's daughter noticed what he was doing and did the same.
"What are my actual injuries?" Tony propped himself up on one elbow. His prosthetic hadn't been replaced. He was seeing in shades of blue again, but couldn't find the strength to focus his human eye. Pepper moved around to his other side, checking on the IV in his arm.
