‘Hi John, could you stop by at NSY, asap. Need your help,’ he read. The sender was Greg Lestrade.
They spent the following weekend at Mycroft's mansion. After all the arrests and the demise of the prince, even Mycroft and Lestrade had to relax a little bit. To keep them in the loop however, officers and agents dropped by at any time. One evening Anthea stopped by to report on the events regarding the prince. Moriarty however seemed to have vanished. With no leads nothing could be done at the moment.
“Why do you think it is a 'bit not good'?”
“Spoilsport! What do you need?” Irene grinned over her cup of tea.
“If the car does not get towed and reported within two weeks,” Irene added, “I will tell the owner to report it stolen when he gets back. I will sort it out, don't worry.”
After some coaxing from John, Sherlock dressed and was willing to go out. Sherlock grabbed his coat, and handed over John’s leather jacket. John had gotten so used to it by now, that he didn’t have the heart to bin it. It was his trophy over Moriarty. With their usual bickering they bounded down the stairs.
“Moran,” John interrupted.
A positive hum was his answer.
John sat up and leaned over to reach across the bed and retrieve a small tube. He poured some on his hand and warmed it a little bit. He draw near Sherlock again and grasped both their erections in his hand. Sherlock let out a groan and pushed into the hand out of reflex. The friction was delicious. John locked eyes with Sherlock. Both found an easy rhythm relishing the sliding of their bodies against each other, joined at the hip by a hand. Small whimpers soon turned into gaps and groans. John changed the rhythm of his hand randomly, denying them a fast orgasm. Sherlock felt like going insane, clutching at Johns arm and back. The intimacy and the feeling of rightness was overwhelming them soon enough. They peaked into a satisfying orgasm and slumped against each other.
Sherlock heard John climbing into the shower. He had started to whistle. Sherlock shed his coat in a mechanical movement and hung it behind the door. John's whistling turned into a bad Elvis performance and the lyrics of ‘All Shook Up’ carried into the living room.
Mycroft took a pained breath. The rain was picking up and drumming against the roof of the car. “Let me explain first. You can decline later.” John nodded to indicate, that he was willing to listen.
Sherlock smiled “I find myself willing to go very far with you. Perhaps not everything at once, but I am very curious, as you should know. And it seem, there is a lot you can show me.”
They arrived at Heathrow Airport at 2 pm. John was ecstatic to see London again. Despite the bad weather it felt good to be back. However Sherlock had gotten very still and had stared out of the window during the whole flight.
“Are you sure, you want to hear about my epiphany about sex?” John asked jokingly taking a big gulp of wine. Sherlock nodded.
Her eyes widened, but she nodded. She motioned him over to a cluttered corner with an old lab computer, opened a word document and started to write.
John placed his wine glass on the tablel and joined Sherlock at the window standing directly in front of him. “I am making a deduction now. If I am wrong, call me an idiot, give me a lecture about how I see but don’t observe and then forgive my blunder. But if I am right, then feel free to join, okay?”
John chuckled. “Usually it’s not the kissing, that earns me the compliments.” Then he sobered. “I might have gotten this right, but you still need to tell me what you want. I don't want to push, where you don't want to go.”
I corrected some minor mistakes.
John’s eyes widened. He hadn’t thought about that. It sounded reasonable, in fact it was the only thing that made sense. Why put a Sniper on them, if Sherlock was dead? There was no logic in that. But on the other hand, if Sherlock was alive, why were they still alive? Could there be more to it? Hope bloomed in John’s chest.
Sherlock came to a sudden stop. John needed a few seconds to realise that Sherlock was no longer with him. He turned around. Sherlock stood in the middle of the hallway, thinking hard. After a few seconds, his eyes focussed again. “John, you're brilliant,” he exclaimed. Sherlock turned around and went back to Dimmock. He stopped at the front of his desk and smirked down at him. “It’s you!” he said.
Sherlock straighten up, ready to engage Moriarty once more. “No choice for me then, this time?” There was defiance in his voice.
John looked at Greg, exasperated. Some seconds later, a screeching noise could be heard and inlets in the wall opened. Water slowly streamed in. From a documentary, John knew how the system worked. When there was a risk of flooding, the inlets could be activated per remote control. The system helped too take the pressures from the dams. In case of high tide or flooding, there was pressure on the inlets and the water would pour in. The room would be filled in 20 to 30 minutes. The water level would rise and eventually would drown them. In a best case scenario, they would be flushed upwards and get blose enough to the hatch to escape, but in February, the Thames was freezing cold. They would probably die of hypothermia first.
‘Do you need Sherlock, too? He is not here at the moment’, he texted back.
When they finished breakfast, the maid  had already returned with the hair dye and the glasses.
Sherlock looked into his eyes. He nodded. “I know.” The time in the cell, shortly after Musgrave had given the killing order came back to him full force. “And I'm glad, that we are here now. I love you John, and I am deeply thankful, that I can say that. To you, in person,”
Mycroft relaxed. “In this case: I am thankful for that.” He visibly gathered his wits, straightened his waistcoat and returned to his seat. “Gentlemen, we have much to discuss.”
Sherlock scoffed. “He always knows everything - even if he didn’t, he will not admit it.”
“I thought some wine would be nice. Food is still a little bit warm,” John said,gaze fixed on the TV show in front of him. After no reaction from Sherlock, his eyes wandered to Sherlock. He stood frozen in the door way. John took in his attire, raising an eyebrow. “Do we have a case? Do we need to go out again?”
“Sherlock, easy. We have all the time in the world,” John tried to soothe him.
“Yeah, why?”
Greg was weary. He slumped into a nearby chair, fingers massaging frustratingly his eyebrows and forehead, trying to ease the tension. During these moments, he longed for help. His thoughts wandered to Sherlock, but instead of feeling exasperation by having to call him and being insulted, he still mourned. More than two months ago, Sherlock jumped from the roof of St. Bart’s Hospital. Greg sighed, because on the heel of grief, there was always a simmering fury. For years he had tried his best to protect Sherlock from boredom by providing him with challenges - ultimately to keep him away from drugs and therefore keeping him alive. But Sherlock got himself dead, because somebody tried to make him into a phoney.
Molly understood instantly his hesitation. ‘This thing has no internet access. It is just for simulation runs,’ she typed.
Upon John entering, Mycroft looked up and smiled tiredly at him. When his eyes fell on the person behind him, Sherlock, he visibly paled. Despite Sherlock being still thin, red-haired, and with glasses, there was no doubt to Mycroft about his identity. Sherlock locked eyes with his brother and stilled in the entry.
He pulled his cap deep into his face, and raised the hoodie over his head too. Furthermore he buried his face into the jacket. Nobody could see his face by accident. He followed Mrs Hudson into the church. She trailed a little bit behind her friends, checking her handbag for her glasses. John saw his chance. He sped up and bumped into her. He shoved the letter into her handbag.
Sherlock sat, blinking at the empty space, John left. Thoughts were running through his head from ‘done with girlfriends’ to ‘casual sex’ and ‘becoming asexual’. He didn’t know if he should comment John’s statement or keep silent. After a few moments, John returning for a second trip, he cleared his throat.
Sometime after midnight both were yawning more than talking. They were exhausted; John by the long trip and Sherlock was still recuperating from his ordeal as a captive. Both felt comfortable where they were, so they just drifted off to sleep, side by side. The sleep was deep and merciful without any nightmares troubling them.
He turned to one of the shelves in the room and pulled out a bag. “Here is everything you need. The next door down the corridor leads to the underground car park and is under no surveillance. From there, avoid public spaces. When you have dealt with your and Mrs Hudson’s shadows and Mrs Hudson is safe, send a short text to the number saved under L. Unlock the mobile with 7437. You will find more information there. Don't use the phone for checking your e-Mail or searches that could connect it to you. Don't call anyone on it. Especially don’t call me, because I won’t be able to talk. I won’t be able to come to your help. I don’t really want to know, what you are doing. You are on your own. Good luck.”
“Nick once told me, that he couldn't stay with his parents, because they pressured him into a conversion therapy. They are ultra conservative, and he, their only son, came out as gay. That's why he had run from home. He did well on his own. He fell in love in London, but his boyfriend wasn't well off either. They were both too old for social services, so they camped in an abandoned building, while trying to make a degree in an evening class. The boyfriend earns some money as a street musician. They were very close and seemed happy. I believe that counts as motive.” Sherlock sat back in his chair, clearly not happy about his deduction.
John decided on a cup of tea before crawling into bed. He just put the kettle on, when his phone chimed, indicating a text message.
They reached Crawford Street. John could make out the still familiar form of Matt in front of the Three Kings Pub. He waved a short hello and indicated that he should come along. After a few more steps, he ushered everyone into a small alley.
John slowly raised the gun and stepped out of the bathroom. “On your knees, hands above the head,” he said menacingly.
They settled around the kitchen table, snacking away on food from the fridge and brought each other up to speed. The mood was light. After John and Sherlock recounted their adventures, Greg was proud to report on the big progresses they had made so far in the current investigations. He gleefully told a story of how Anderson first tried to protect the superintendent of the drugs division from being arrested, but Sally just marched over him anyway. No love was shared between them anymore.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “August 1989. Switzerland. Do you remember when Mummy made you take me with you to Lake Constance?”
Final chapter - yay :-)
Comments and Kudos are appreciated!
After that, John repeated: “What?”
She packed her discarded clothes into the bag, including her beloved handbag, and hoped that an honest person would find them eventually and take them to a lost-property office or the sacristan.
“Sebastian Moran?” Sherlock clarified.
“Donovan?” he asked again.
Sherlock rushed his showering a little bit, due to one part being hungry, and the other being curious about John's new girlfriend. While he already hated her, he still wanted to know more about John's new conquest. It was foolish to think, John would give up dating forever.
“Sherlock?” he whispered. “Talk to me. Are you hurt?”
Everything had happened so fast. He just had left the hairdresser, when he got a message from Greg to meet at St. Bart’s.  First he had been concerned, when Greg was no longer responding to his replies, but soon he had realized, that he had been baited by Moriarty. He even hadn't even found the time to text Mycroft, but thankfully Molly had appeared.  Now he was back at Baker Street. Moriarty was beaten. He survived being captured and tortured and escaped mostly unharmed. His friends were alive. John was alive. John cared for him. He was for a lack of a better word his boyfriend. Everything was fine. Why was he crying? Some part of him knew that high-stress situations could lead to a mental break down. But he had always assumed to be above that.
The prince stepped further on the balcony toward the handrail, put a cigarette into his mouth and flicked open his lighter. He lit it and grinned at Anthea. Even with the distance separating them, John could see that the prince had some very lewd thoughts about what he wanted to do to her later. The prince took a deep pull and then turned back to look over the city beneath him.
“I thought you were dead. He gave the order to kill you –” Sherlock struggled for words, “- you and the others. How did you survive?”
John shifted in his seat. “No, see. It is none of my business. It is just you are so aloof, every time sex comes up.”
Sherlock just grinned at him and also refilled John's glass.
John suddenly understood what plan had just been hatched between the brothers without words. He felt no aversion against it. Desperate times called for desperate measures.
Mycroft smiled relieved. “Very good. The pick-up is an address in Ostrava, Czech Republic. The safe house is in Berlin, Germany. Everything you need is in the back pack my assistant will provide. Oh, there is a catch however: You need to retrieve the agent till Thursday morning. My Swiss contact needs his resources freed for Operation De-Bugging. And whatever happens on Thursday, we assume Eastern Europe will feel some consequences, too. I don’t know when I will be able to pick you up at the safe house. But it may take a while. That is all.”
Greg also considered calling DI Dimmock, but he had been transferred to investigate a series of murders in Brighton over two weeks ago.  A return of him without a closure of the case would have been suspicious. Sally declared Anderson as a lost case, too. She couldn’t believe that he could keep his cool. All the work with Sherlock had shown, that Anderson wasn't really the best man in the force. Even Sally had to admit that after all the investigations that had to be redone due to Sherlock's fall and rehabilitation.
Sherlock smiled. “I had something at my disposal you obviously missed,” Sherlock said. “I did something that the great Moriarty missed.”
Mycroft joined them some minutes later. His basic surveillance of the police radio channels for the name 'Moriarty' had directed Molly’s call from the cab to his team. He had set up a police squad as fast as possible. He had just been signed an order to confine Moriarty in a safe location. Then he had hurried to the hospital, too.
John nodded. “Okay.  I am in - for Sherlock.”
Sherlock caught his eyes and smiled sated. He felt centered again. All was well.
John just shrugged and stuffed the bills into the Mrs Hudson cardigan. She looked slightly exasperated.  She had kept silent so far. “Don’t you need that more?” she asked.
Despite it being rather late, John prepared a light meal for both Sherlock and him. He had found his appetite again and it he liked preparing meals, if he wasn't the only one eating.Sherlock devoured the meal with gusto. They took turns visiting the bathroom and preparing for bed. Their routines from living together at Baker Street had reemerged without them noticing. It was like a dance, that they had never forgotten. In the end they both drifted toward the master bedroom.
The writing was familiar. He crouched down, hurting toe forgotten, and picked up the letter.
“Dr Watson,” Mycroft started, “as far as I remember, you are a quite decent marksman. Do you know how to operate a sniper rifle?”
Slowly John regained his consciousness. The smell of mouldiness hit his nostrils. His hands felt numb and his head felt dizzy. He lay on the floor with his hands cuffed behind his back, and his feet were bound with tape. Coldness was seeping into his bones. His jacket was missing. Beside him, he heard a pained groan. He rolled over to get a better view. Beside him was Greg Lestrade, likewise bound. Mrs. Hudson sat slumped on a wooden chair, unconscious and also handcuffed. But mercifully she hadn't been dropped to the cold, hard ground.
Stella had briefed them, that there was a car waiting for them in the pick-up area. The driver already stood at the exit door for the arrivals, looking for John. After a short greeting he led them to a black car, stowed the bags in the trunk and ushered them in on the back seats.
Greg told Sherlock about Nick and how he had visited his parents. Greg was telling how the parents still denied that their son had been gay.
His good mood, Sherlock mused, was a constant companion for some weeks now, but he was acknowledging it just now. He faltered a little bit in his steps as he realized that he felt truly light and unburdened. Things were okay, finally. After years of sorrows, running away, lies and deceit, hurried chases, heartache and sleepless nights he felt hopeful and happy.
Mycroft was satisfied. “I will send a team to retrieve the dead body from the apartment in 218C Baker Street. Our database could not match a name to his face, but -”
“Yes, Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson as well,” Sally confirmed. “Greg and John are on their way to a hospital. Mrs. Hudson is fine.”
John joins the action...
“Come in, Dr Watson,” she said. “No need for caution. You are with friends. Please follow me.”
Greg looked at him with tired eyes. „This is about way more, than you can imagine. I am still scratching at the surface. What I will tell you now, will not be easy to stomach. But it will be all I know so far. Are you willing to listen?”
Suddenly, Sherlock felt like a big lump of stone loosened in his chest. John beside him turned toward him and grinned. Sherlock grinned back. Soon they started to chuckle, elated and both glad for having said what has been on their mind for some months.
John blushed. Of course Sherlock knew about his late afternoon visitor.  “Um, no, she already left.” He diverted his glance at the table. “Food's getting cold,” he added and started loading his plate.
Sherlock’s gaze fixed on her. “Molly, we have to find John, and Greg. He said -”
“You were quite the opponent,” she heard Moriarty's voice. “Even more entertaining than I first thought. But now you fell for a faked message from Lestrade. I thought you were cleverer.”
“I never said you were.” With that he captured Sherlock's lips again, giving him a deep kiss and putting in all the effort to make it as filthy and erotic as possible.
“Okay, I am in.” John said curtly.
He sneaked into the Hospital before visitors’ closing time. Being a doctor had its advantages now. He knew exactly, how the staff and the security at hospitals worked. The more you looked like you belong, the lesser the chance of getting stopped. And nobody really checked, if all visitors really had left the building.
Without conscious thought Sherlock said: “And I want to grow old with you.”
Lestrade worked on coffee and iron will alone. But with Mycroft providing a list he knew exactly who Moriarty’s men were. A contact in Switzerland gave them all the information including incriminating documents. The problem was the amount of people under Moriarty’s thumb.
John enjoyed his tea, the silence and the comfort of his chair. All was back like it used to be. And that was more, than he had ever dared to dream of. With all the excitement gone, he nodded off.
Sherlock went back upstairs and grabbed the bedside table with verve. The drawer, which had always been quite loose, slid out, and its content clattered to the floor. Amidst pens, buttons and some change John's gun case landed with a dull thump on Sherlock’s toe. Sherlock suppressed a pained yelp and watched how a letter fluttered open and glided to its resting place in front of him.
First, Mrs Hudson looked confused, but John put a steadying hand on her upper arm. She got a short glimpse at his face. John shook his head slightly to indicate, she should keep silent. Then he moved on to some seats on the left.
“Shush, John, everything is okay. You are okay. Tell me, what about Harry?” Sherlock tried to calm him.
It felt strange for John, to return to Baker Street after more than three weeks. When he had left, it was originally to quickly answer Greg's call. He had never imagined that he wouldn't return for such a long time. John was a little bit afraid of what the apartment would look like. However Mycroft’s men had taken care of the perishable goods in the fridge and thoroughly cleaned the flat. They had also extended the courtesy to Mrs Hudson’s lodgings. On the other hand, Mycroft's minions had probably searched through their belongings for bugs until no piece of privacy was left. A clean flat was at least a little bit of compensation.
When he heard John finishing and leaving the bathroom he stripped his clothes, grabbed a fresh suit, shirt and socks (more intimidating, than a bathrobe) and went through the en-suite door.
After some minutes John and Sherlock trotted to the bathroom for a quick shower. It lasted longer than expected, because showering together had its own perks. They had nothing to do, so they just cuddled on the bed naked afterwards. When they heard Greg entering the mansion, they redressed and joined him for dinner.
Below the table was an opened trunk for the rifle. A box with gun maintenance supplies and a Taser were stowed there, too.
“I heard what he said,” Molly interrupted him. “Call Sally. She is able to help you.”
Mycroft couldn't discern any obvious injuries and just nodded. He knew that Sherlock was resilient and detested any weakness of his body. He decided to trust John Watson's assessment of Sherlock's injuries and their treatment. Mycroft turned back to his folders and picked up another, thicker one. “The second sniper was found almost three weeks ago in an alley. As soon as his photo was uploaded on the NSY server, a Europol database confirmed him as Frank Bauer, a German sniper. Greg Lestrade could not make heads nor tails of it.”
Finally, the first part of the talking :-) Still no beta, errors are all mine. Comments and Kudos are appreciated.
John stared at Sherlock. He never noticed when Sherlock left to pull someone. But on the other hand:  he was always well dressed and had odd hours and therefore could pick up a partner anytime.
“I hate unfinished business,” Mycroft concluded. He looked at John and Sherlock. “What loose ends are there from your side?”
Will John find Sherlock?
Sherlock put his glass on the table and rose from the couch. He strode toward his violin on the window sill, fiddling with the bow. Could he ask for a real date? Could he ask for a chance? But what if there was none. John had already forgiven him for two years of unnecessary grief. Could he tell him, that he wanted more? What happened, if the answer was no. Would their friendship survive?
“Red hair dye and some fake glasses for a start. A suitcase, some clothes and toiletries would be helpful, too.” Sherlock grabbed the teapot and poured some tea for John and himself, while John started to fill their plates. John then began to outline his and Sherlock's next steps to Irene. Irene instantly sent one of her staff into town to go shopping for necessities.
Martha Hudson shook her head.
I have a beta now :-)
“Mycroft,” John acknowledged. They hadn’t met since Sherlock’s funeral. All information so far had been conveyed via Greg. John was still pissed that Mycroft had told Moriarty details about Sherlock’s life and therefore fed the fixation on him.
Sherlock scolded himself. Even in his mind, he didn’t allow himself to think further. But again, his therapist had dared him in his sessions to examine his feelings, to name them and accept them. He took another deep breath. What did he want? Companionship? He had that. But in truth he also wanted a physical closeness to John. He longed for the warmth, radiating from him, while they sat on the sofa or side by side in a cab. He wanted to be enveloped in his arms. Did he want to be cuddled? Something in his chest tightened as the answer was a clear yes. Sex? If it meant closeness, giggles, warmth - again everything in him screamed yes. Sherlock seldom sought out physical intimacy in his life; most of the time he just tolerated it during some of his earlier acquaintances. When the longing for intimacy become too much, he sometimes visited a club for a quick release, but he usually felt hollow afterwards.
John regarded him for a moment, a small smile growing on his lips. “I think, I know, what this is about.”
I'm sorry,
Johns gaze landed on the paper and he took a deep breath. With caution he approached Sherlock and plucked the letter from his hands.
‘No. Just you,’ came the immediate answer.
“Shh, you will have me. I'll take care of you. I promise.” John made Sherlock settle back into the cushions. He turned toward the drawer of the bedside table. Unsurprisingly there were a bottle of lube and some condoms stashed. Again proof that privacy with Mycroft was an illusion. He threw his findings on the bed sheet and his eyes focussed again on Sherlock.
John paused and turned towards her.
“I don’t miss things. I am able to see everything,” Moriarty bellowed.
2. Dress in the clothes from the bag.
The empty plates were put on the ground. They just stayed on the bed, brought each other up to date and shared their ideas. Both enjoyed each other’s company. What was thought to be lost forever was regained again.
“Yes,” Molly shrugged. “I saw how John got abducted. I followed him and called Sally in. She sent some police officers to retrieve him.”
Greg finds something, that was lost...
He steered John to a small stool on the corner. After that he pressed play. The conversation of Sherlock and Moriarty started.
“I was a coward,” John said solemnly and shrugged. “I just couldn’t pull the trigger.”
To kill time, John spent his time with some free-weight exercise. At least he got tired and was able to sleep in the evening. He didn’t know, what would happen in the near future, but he promised Greg, he would be ready when needed.
Greg nodded.
“Lestrade, you had worried about Moriarty's surveillance. We are no longer bugged. Dimmock was the one who reported our steps to Moriarty. He knew about Mrs. Hudson’s retrieval, the date when John and I went back to Baker Street and he had you in constant view. But he hadn’t reported on your dead sniper. Why? He was in Brighton at that time. I know, that is all circumstantial, but if you look through his things, you probably find more to incriminate him. It’s the only solution, that makes sense,” Sherlock concluded.
John felt bone deep tired. It was Saturday late in the morning, more than two months after Sherlock’s death. The grief didn't seem to lessen, when he remembered that day. He worked as much as he could, for work kept his morbid thoughts at bay. He just came back from a night shift at the A&E and he hoped, he could fall into a dreamless sleep till afternoon. He didn't want to feel. He just needed rest.
After moving back to Baker Street he started running and attended a self-defence course. With regular exercise his sleeping habits became more stable and reducing the alcohol intake did wonders for his health. So it was no surprise, that he felt a need for sex. He always liked sex; the intimacy, the exercise and the excitement. He was an adventurous and a fun companion in bed, and he just missed it. He felt secure in his relationship with Sherlock, receiving everything he needed emotionally: He loved the slow evenings with food, telly and violin music, the crazy debates, the adrenaline filled cases, the inside jokes, the occasional intimate looks and the laughter. He would even go so far and admit that he loved his flatmate. But they had no physical intimacy, except an occasional pat on the back or a steadying hand when needed. He sometimes wondered how Sherlock thought about sex, but after all the time he assumed that sex was just boring and a non-issue for Sherlock, except as a motivator for crime. And he had too much respect for Sherlock to just hit on him and endanger the friendship they had. After all, he once stated, that he was not interested, and except perhaps with ‘The Women’ sex was never a topic to be discussed. He had never seen him dating or flirting outside the cases. John assumed that in Sherlock's brain there was no room for sex, or he just had a very low libido.
As soon as he reached the intended back alley, he climbed up the fire ladder with the help of some empty crates. He broke into the flat with less trouble than imagined. The window on the fire escape was only drawn, not locked.
After tedious 20 minutes of registration processes, he wrote to Matthew. His nick name ‘Three Continents Watson’ was also no use here. Again any surveillance on him would know about that, but when he had served with Matt he used to have another, lesser known alias.
Back with some coffee and munching a stale biscuit Greg unlocked the computer station that was available in the meeting room. He pulled up the files of the first phone from the server: Contacts, phone protocol, photos, retrieved text messages, etc. He opened the contacts file. Only two entries were listed:  JW and Q. The phone protocol showed some other numbers. Greg startled. One number seemed to be familiar: his own number. On a hunch he pulled up his phone and checked the number beside JW: John Watson's number. After scrolling through all his contacts, he matched Mycroft Holmes to Q.
They went up to the 30th floor which was currently being refurbished. Plastic sheets hung from the ceiling and covered most of the abandoned desks and chairs. Mycroft had chosen this specific setting, because he knew that the refurbishment had been halted due to payment issues with the contracted company. Therefore, no workmen would show up today. The floor was deserted.
“I already tried to call him. Only the voicemail answered. I can’t read the plate, they are too far away.” Molly squinted from the back seat of the cab to the, but there were to many cars between them.
And therefore Greg had no help anymore on the homicides. He was sure, that many new cases could have been solved by now, if Sherlock had been available. Most of them would probably have been bloody obvious to him. Even Greg felt, that he missed something vital. With the current case load he felt like a hamster, always kept busy in a wheel of never ending work, but essentially unimportant.
She silently pushed the door open and peeked through the resulting gap. She couldn't see anything, but voices carried over to her position. She slid through the door and closed it silently.
Lestrade just rolled his eyes and pulled out his handcuffs.
Long moments later, with some effort Sherlock broke the kiss. Both were breathing harder. Sherlock looked slightly dazed and his pupils were dilated. “For the record: I am clean. No STIs. And I know, you are, too. So condoms are optional.”
“And yet, I am alive,” Sherlock played for time. “Come on. You know how it works. Lead the eye to the spots you want to be seen, add enough make-up and some special effects. Unfortunately I realized too late that your suicide was a trick, too, and let myself be deceived. Sentiment clouded my vision. Haven't you seen the crucial points in my 'magic trick' yet?” Sherlock stepped off the ledge onto the roof, forcing Moriarty one step back.
The younger victim was identified with the help of the missing person’s database: Nick Henley, 19. He had ran from home 3 years ago and his parents had reported him missing then. They had provided photos and distinguishing markers for the search. Now it helped to identify him without any doubt. Greg decided to tell the parents the bad news, when he knew a little bit more about the circumstances of his death.
“It's no longer relevant,” John said. “I was at a dark place. That's over now.”
Sherlock and John entered the apartment as they had done a thousand times before. But as soon as they had entered the living room they stopped, grinning at each other. They were back.
“Hello, Dr Watson,” a woman on their doorstep greeted him. She was in her mid-thirties and dressed in jeans and a blazer. At a first glance, she seemed harmless, but John saw, that she held herself at the ready and clearly had an athletic build. She looked John over in a similar fashion: “I am Stella Hopkins from Europol. Mycroft Holmes sent me. I have orders to arrange your trip back to London.”
When he arrived at the alley, he looked for the number. He found a small back door that was so unremarkable that even now he almost overlooked it. It opened to a spiral stair case and led up to a small room. Everything there was functional: a bed, a dresser, a sink, a toilet and a microwave – no real kitchen, no bathroom. Not luxurious, but sufficient. He found some basic toiletries and some clean clothes in the drawers of the dresser. He had lived under worse conditions. He stowed the trunk with the rifle under the bed. He had a lot to do.
“Hi Sebastian, please take care of your charges, and inform your buddy Frank, too…,” the voice died away, as his captor left the building.
There was an Arab prince that enjoyed diplomatic immunity and had to be released from his detention ten days ago. A proper arrest had not been possible. The prince had gone straight to the press and had the gall to brag about his unjust treatment and had threatened to sue the government. Mycroft had some evidence that the prince funded Moriarty's operations but it wasn’t enough to remove his diplomatic status. There were even more lawsuits against him, that couldn't be processed: He was a suspect in an investigation regarding a murdered escort. She had been found strangled in the prince’s hotel bed four weeks ago. Some drugs seemed to play a part in that, too.
John turned away from the car door toward one of Mycroft’s assistants. He huddled under an umbrella and clutched a backpack. John was drenched now; the leather jacket only provided moderate protection. An umbrella would be of no use anymore. And he hadn’t the heart to harass one of Mycroft minions. He grabbed the backpack and disappeared into the alley he came from.
John divested him of his pants. He was captivated by the view: Pale skin, lean body, taunt muscles. The bruises were almost completely healed and didn't mar him anymore. With caution he took Sherlock’s member in his hands and stroked upwards. It felt like velvet, similar to his own. The effect was immediate. A deep groan reverberated through Sherlock. John licked his palms, and repeated the motion again with more confidence. He tried different rhythms and positions of his hands, he fondled Sherlock's balls and stroked his thighs. Every time, he felt Sherlock coming close, he stopped and waited, resting the hands on the hipbones and calming him. It was fascinating to watch. After some time, Sherlock was flushed and sweating. First he groaned, then whined and swore. In the end, he begged. John finally took mercy on him. Sherlock came with a low and relieved groan, spilling onto his belly and John’s hand. John felt elated. And he realized he was hard as a rock. But the sight in front of him was so fascinating that he refrained from stroking himself and just watched. Sherlock shivered slightly, his skin was flushed and overly sensitive.
Greg tried to keep calm. Currently he didn't know, what was going on. He hoped Mycroft was on his side and would help him.
“I'm going to the hairdresser,” he announced. He donned his coat and scarf, bent down to give John a short kiss on the lips and dashed out of the front door.
Sherlock looked up disbelieving. Up to now, Sherlock assumed that Moriarty had really killed himself on the roof top; another deception in this sick game.
John joined Sherlock eagerly on the bed again.  Catching the other man's lips, he pulled their bodies together enjoying the intimate skin on skin feeling. He felt almost overwhelmed. If he hadn't had sex some mere hours ago, he probably could explode right there. He already felt some moisture gathering at the tip of his prick.
The sound of a distinct clatter of shoes, no, high heels and two pair of boots, was intruding into his foggy mind. The bolt was unlocked and the door opened. He felt someone lean over him. “Sherlock, Dear. Time to leave,” a distinctive voice said.
Greg rolled his eyes to the ceiling. “I think I don't want to hear anything about it. I will go to bed now. I want to be an upstanding police officer and it is probably better if I can convincingly deny everything.”
Sherlock quietened. He was distressed. He was never good at relationships or voicing his emotions.
‘Need your help with an old case. Please stop by at NSY ASAP, Greg’
After a while, Sherlock straightened. “I think I know what happened,” he said, but didn’t elaborate further.
John realized that the emotional part of the family reunion was over. He held up the umbrella, which he had carried since Berlin and put it on the desk. “Here Mycroft. Next time, give it to me, when it’s actually raining.”
After a short pause, Sally answered. “Try to keep near the van. Get me the licence plate. I will also trace your mobile. I will inform Lestrade.” Molly heard Sally dialling in the background.
“But,” Sherlock started, “I don’t want to keep you from being happy, having a family ...”
“We never pay at Angelo's,” Sherlock said, throwing himself back onto the sofa.
John knew he was lucky. On the first try, he stumbled upon the bolt hole of his or Mrs. Hudson’s sniper. Soldiers are soldiers – and they were trained alike. 'Secure, move, shoot...' Some of the old lectures came back: Secure the location, move to a position of advantage, shoot when opportunity arises. John decided to stay and settled into the small bathroom. From there he could see the entry door and the two windows, but was hidden in the shadows. He cradled his gun, watched and waited for this opportunity.
His mind went blank, but his body moved on auto-pilot, fleeing, taking him upstairs, sneaking into the living room, dumping the bag with food on the coffee table, and leading him into his bedroom. Closing the door, he leaned against it. Breathing hard, he slid slowly down to the floor, head hanging between his knees. He felt hot and he shoved his suit jacket off and kicked his shoes away. Sherlock sat for a few minutes on the hard wooden floor, not able to find a clear thought. Slowly, he was able to take stock of his body: heart  pumping fast, nausea, hands cold. Panic attack? He took some deep breaths, got up on unsteady feet and trudged to the bed. He felt tired and confused. Laying down on his back, staring at the ceiling he struggled his thoughts into some order.
John stayed like that for some minutes until he was certain that the sniper was dead. He felt calmness settling over him, like all the times in the battlefield, where death was a frequent companion. There was no guilt for the murder: It was self-defence and revenge for his friend. Some of the self-loathing, that was a constant companion for the last few weeks poured out of him. It would not bring Sherlock back, but it assuaged the constant helplessness and he felt closer to Sherlock again.
John stilled. Cases were connected to Sherlock, and he didn’t know if he was up to it. But on the other hand, he always wanted to set Sherlock legacy straight, and if he could contribute to that, he would go to NSY. He answered that he would stop by within the next hour. Sleep was not so important after all. The nightmares could wait.
Meanwhile, the room was bathed into darkness. John switched on the flash light of his own mobile.
In his week of waiting John also met with Lestrade twice. He didn't tell him about Molly or his assumption that Sherlock was still alive. Just because he survived the jump, didn’t mean, that he hadn’t encountered trouble later on. If Sherlock was still alive, then he was in hiding for two months and probably still working against Moriarty. And that was definitely dangerous.  He first wanted irrefutable proof, before he declared Sherlock alive.
“Full blown sex became more of a hassle than fun. With new people there are too many deductions in my head, and I am not able to focus on the act itself. But be assured: whatever you do, you can't make me uncomfortable or shock me,” Sherlock concluded.
Sherlock cradled his face gently between his hands and looked into his eyes. “What is it, John?” he asked concerned.
Like the previous day they fell asleep side by side. They slept well into the next day. While yesterday, John slept like a log, he was now more restless. Nightmares intruded his rest. The suppressed grief, fury and anxiousness from the last two months caught up with him. John awoke around ten in the morning. During the night, they had drifted together again, bodies aligned and tangled together, Sherlock snuggled into his side. Warm puffs of breaths landed on his shoulder. The tension from the previous night drained out of him and he just felt peaceful. He enjoyed the rest for endless minutes till his stomach rumbled hungrily.
Sherlock would have preferred more privacy at Mycroft’s, but with all the loneliness he had endured in the last months he somewhat basked in the company. He discussed cases with Lestrade and bickered with Mycroft. John was a constant and calming presence at his side, available for a kiss or a short cuddle. The evenings ended with good food, lots of wine and laughter. Sherlock and John spent their short nights together, but they weren’t able to recreate the lazy times of the safe house. They missed their home - Baker Street.
With that Sherlock explained how they could interfere with Moriarty's plans once more.
Sherlock grasped the door handle and led them in the bedroom. He kissed John deeply and guided him toward the bed. The frantic groping from moments ago slowed to sweet caresses. They undressed slowly. The clothes piled around them on the floor and they climbed onto the bed. Every bit of exposed skin needed to be kissed and touched. This at least was familiar territory now. They had been worshipping each other since their first days in Berlin.
He tucked his gun inside his jacket, ready to fight if someone attacked him. Way too early for a Saturday morning, a weary but certain Greg left NSY through the underground parking deck. He used all his knowledge of getting out of the building without being seen on public surveillance and tried to keep cover above him. He walked for probably 15 minutes, till a black car pulled up beside him. The rear door opened.
This is my note – to say goodbye. I never realized how empty a life can be. I lost something precious, and I am done losing.
After a long time, John calmed down a little bit. “My father sometimes came home drunk.” He started to explain without being prompted. “He always was clumsy, when he entered the house: Banging open doors, tumbling over the carpet, stumbling into cabinets. There was no chance of not noticing him. The day after he found out about Harry being gay, he hit her. He told her, that she was useless and no daughter of his. I could hear everything from my room upstairs. I was too frightened to go downstairs. The following weeks my dad spent a lot of time with me, talking to me about being a man, about women, stuff like that - and how Harry had disappointed him. Then, I thought, he was right. I thought things had to be a certain order: Men married women, had to build a house for his family, plant a tree, father his childern, protect them.” John paused, gathering his thoughts. Sherlock waited patiently, hand resting on John's hip till he continued.
And of course Sherlock had to find the note...
“You should eat,” Sherlock's sleepy voice announced.
The whole night and the next day, John had a lot to think about. He challenged  himself to reevalute what he thought was attractive. As a soldier, he had had a stash of porn magazines like everyone else. But he had to admit, it did not completely reflect what he found attractive. He never obsessed over them like some of his army mates did. And he had never looked away, when his fellow soldiers worked out in the make-shift gym under the desert sun. If he was honest, his favourite wank fantasy was about a threesome, with another man and a woman, both taking care of him. The fantasy always left a trace of shame in him. He never ever allowed himself to think about sex with a man only. His father's words always came back to him, telling him that this wasn't natural. But hell, he was almost forty and his father had been dead for over ten years now. Shouldn't he make his own decisions on his love and sex life?
“Are you sure?” Sherlock teased. “Don't you want to fuck me into the mattress?” he whispered, “Hear me begging for more, to take me harder, faster?” Sherlock’s voice dropped to a deep baritone, encouraging John to imagine everything.
Well, who would have thought that. Dimmock was one of the bad guys...
“Listen; if we do this, I want us to be exclusive. I want to be your partner in every sense of the word. I want to keep what we have, but I want to be intimate with you. I want to kiss you, touch you and make you come. If I come on too strong, I need you to tell me to slow down or stop.”
While arguing with the phone operator, she suddenly realized where they were heading: St. Bart's. They observed how the van came to a stop in the towing zone in front of the hospital entrance.
John tried to sit up. He mustered Greg up. He had a small laceration on his forehead, but the blood had already congealed. Mrs Hudson seemed unharmed. Greg jerked awake.
He locked the door from the inside, wiped it too, took the case with his new possessions and climbed out of the window he came in. With a final wipe down of surfaces there, he climbed down the fire ladder.
Sherlock first seemed a little bit helpless and overwhelmed. “Umm…” he stuttered and patted Greg’s back awkwardly.
Greg was well connected with friends and colleagues and thrived on the daily interactions with them. He found it difficult to imagine a life without them. Despite his current divorce, he could probably name 10 buddies, on which sofa he could crash tonight. Being isolated or lonely never was an issue for him. It was hard for him to imagine what Sherlock must have felt.
John Watson'
"May I congratulate you, Detective Inspector? You successfully disappeared from the grid. And this is the reason, why we are now able to meet,” Mycroft smiled. "We have a lot to discuss."
To not endanger the current status quo with Sherlock, he therefore now wanted no-strings-attached sex. It could be called shallow, but that was his simple solution to his current dilemma. John had never picky regarding his partners. It earned him his army nickname. His army mate Bill somehow had stumbled upon his conquests regularly during his army time. Embarrassingly often he had found him with pants down shagging the personnel of the complete Commonwealth Army, men and women alike. And after some time he had started to make fun of the variety in partners.  Especially after he had found him in a seldom used storage room with a transgender nurse, he started joking about John exploring nature, and something about two genders not being enough. Unfortunately, he had been overheard, but Bill saved John's honour (and probably the nurse’s career) by mumbling something about two continents aren't enough and John needing three continents. Somehow the nickname got a different meaning, and neither John nor Bill had corrected anyone about it. ‘Three Continent Watson’ was born, and whenever John was called this way, Bill's face turned brightly red and he fought to keep the giggles in.  During his Army time, he sometimes thought himself a slag but then he lived fast and it felt good.
The main action had happened in London, Prague, Paris, Zurich and Athens, but ties to Asian and US cities were also exposed. A lot of connections were discovered and questions asked. In the evening, investigative reporters started to back up the news with additional material, cementing the allegations against the arrested. The offenses included abuse of position, drug and human trafficking, money laundering, blackmail, cover-ups and many more. By late evening, the first politicians were starting to resign. It seemed that parts of Europe had turned into a banana republic.
Sherlock sucked in a deep breath, and pushed his hips into John's hands. Sherlock watched with hooded eyes, his own hands buried in his still red curls. He didn't want to push John, but he was on fire.
Sherlock was intrigued. He obviously misjudged a big part of John's past. But if John's tale was true, then he had been in deep denial about some facets of his life and only recently resolved those. He never shown such liberal views before and they never had talked this open about sex.
Molly watched him worriedly. After John regained his composure he took the keyboard. ‘Thank you, Molly.’ John made sure that gratefulness was shown on his face. He smiled relieved. ‘Do you know where he is?’
Greg took another deep breath. No reason to dwell on that. Some files were still left.  One was an excel file with a calculation that made no sense to him, another a PDF with a laundry invoice in Sherlock's name and two audio files. The first audio file was a recording of a classical violin piece. Greg assumed, judging by the quality of the recording, that Sherlock was the musician. He smiled, as he fondly remembered Christmas over a year ago, where Sherlock had played some pieces on his violin. He had been a very good violinist. And Greg had enjoyed listening. But he had never dared to ask for some of his favourite pieces. He was afraid his requests were too plain and would offend Sherlock. Last Christmas, four weeks ago, was a more subdued affair where Sherlock was dearly missed amidst John, Mrs. Hudson and him.
“Well. It was quite memorable, when you all made a vow in speedos over some vodka to protect each other. Generally forgetting is hard for me,” Sherlock said.
“Sherlock!” Without further hesitation, he pulled Sherlock into a crushing hug.
Sherlock swayed dangerously on the ledge. He blinked in disbelief, casting his eyes around, helpless. His eyes always landed again on the gun, clearly calculating the chances of Moriarty firing it. Molly felt helpless. She couldn’t risk firing the taser at Moriarty. The muscle spasms might trigger the gun and kill Sherlock.
The DI checked his watch - dinner time. He should finish for today. It was Friday and he longed for the weekend, like a lot of his colleagues. There were still people in the offices with the current workload – overtime everywhere. But going home didn't appeal to him - his marriage was over. His soon to be ex-wife wanted him out of the flat and the divorce filed as soon as possible. There was no love left anymore and he wouldn't be missed. He already kept more clothes at the yard in his locker than at home anyway.
Molly just nodded. “Could you park somewhere nearby?”
The kisses became more heated. Sherlock felt desperate. It wasn't enough. John pulled back. A small whimper escaped Sherlock's lips.
John looked at the phone. On the screen he could see a distinctive smearing. He turned it into the remaining light. It revealed a sliding pattern in form of an inverted L. That meant only two ways to unlock. Right and up or down and left. John tried his luck: right and up. The screen unlocked.
‘Dear Mrs Hudson, we are not safe. Somebody wants us dead. Please trust me, and follow my instructions: After mass, go into the confessional box. Get rid of all your clothes and dress in the clothes provided there. Do this as quite as possible. You are most certainly bugged. Leave everything in the box. Afterwards, meet me outside of the church. I will explain everything. Please trust me, John.’
“Let me bring you up to speed,” Mycroft resumed and offered them the chairs in front of his desk. As soon as everybody had been seated comfortably, Mycroft started to explain about the current investigations and the arrests. His Swiss contact had, as promised to Sherlock, relayed the complete list of Moriarty’s associates and moles to Mycroft. As usual in his business, he withheld his source. With that information, Mycroft and his allies were able to act. Anthea, for example, was currently taking care of the moles in Mycroft’s organisation. Lestrade had handled the police officers and judges in the UK.
John relaxed and joined her at the screen. ‘Moriarty,’ he typed. ‘I need some answers from you.’
“You want to protect someone,” Mycroft stated. Sherlock just looked at him. “Well, we keep this between ourselves. I will not incriminate anyone,” Mycroft promised.
“Can I help? What do you need?” John asked. His voice sounded worried and made Sherlock feel even rawer. Sherlock started to shake more, inconsolable. John embraced him tighter.
‘Assume that your office is bugged. Don't talk. Write.’
“None of your business, Irene,” Sherlock clipped and threw a nervous glance at John. They took a seat at the table. “Let's talk business,”  Sherlock said.
Time: Sunday, 8 pm,
Mycroft chuckled. “You could have kept the gun. Nobody would have cared.”
“How do you want to get to the safe house?” she asked.
“I'll join you in a few minutes,” Sherlock answered. “I brought some dinner.”
John called the maid and asked for some dinner. The savoury soup, some bread, cheese and sausages were exactly the food they needed. They picnicked on the bed. Both devoured every last crumb. Neither John nor Sherlock had eaten properly in the last months, but now had found their appetite again. One of the main reasons for their lack of appetite – grief - was gone.
Mycroft laughed. “This is an individual item. I would only lend it someone when I am sure to get it back. And I don’t think it fits your current style, Dr Watson.”
The car had waited for them and now drove them to Mycroft’s house. John had never visited Mycroft before. Upon seeing his mansion his step faltered in awe. Sherlock was unimpressed. Sometimes John wondered how rich the Holmes family was, and if Sherlock had access to the money or if Mycroft just earned a lot from his job. John had always struggled with money. His family never had much, and during his time in the Army he had sent most of his pay home to support Harry and his mother till she died.
Greg nodded. ”It is genuine. Mycroft confirmed it, too. They knew, Moriarty planned something, but they never thought he would be this crazy. And it doesn’t stop here. Sherlock’s jump was just a start signal for many operations around Europe. Moriarty is orchestrating everything.”
“Okay,” Sally’s voice pulled her back into the present. “Keep following the van until they stop. Then get away to safety. You can leave your phone there if you need to get away so we can track it. Don't try to do anything heroic.”
Sherlock blushed. He hesitated for a few seconds. “Will you take me to bed?”
The meal was delicious. They were both starved and inhaled everything to the last crumb in a comfortable silence. The rustling of the paper boxes and the clicking of the forks on the plates were the only sounds. The whole time Sherlock threw shy glances at John.
Last Chapter, and a big one. And the one with the sex in it.
The next morning, the alarm on his mobile still set to his shift went off. He was groggy, but thankfully numb. He unloaded his gun and shoved it and the letter into the drawer of the bedside table; out of sight, out of mind. He showered, cleaned up the mess and went to work. Business as usual – the world was still dull, grey and distant.
Taking the first step on the stairs, the same moment as he wanted to shout for John to lay the table, he hard it. A giggle. A woman, two floors up, in John’s room, Sherlock’s mind automatically provided. A low baritone snicker followed, unmistakably John. Sherlock froze mid-movement. Only now he acknowledged the unfamiliar coat on the hanger, the vanilla-lemon scented perfume in the air, the low sounds of intimacy – sighs, squeaks, rustles. Suddenly, he felt the world crashing in on him. The happiness from moments ago evaporated and he struggled for the next breath.
During the last part, John dug out the med kit and did a check up on Sherlock. Surprisingly, Sherlock didn't protest. Despite being way too thin, all his wounds and bruises had healed adequately. John could tell that he had been restrained and beaten severely. Irene had done what was necessary to help Sherlock and had paid a doctor to check for internal injuries, but nothing life threatening had been found. Some of the wounds like those on his wrists, back and knees might scar, but John could minimize that by proper aftercare. Sherlock also sustained three cracked ribs, but they had started to heal nicely. John felt a simmering fury, when Sherlock told him, that he had been locked in a cellar to die. No food, no water, no one to check up on him. He could have choked to death on his own vomit. Prisoners of war would have gotten better treatment.
John braced against the rain and hurried back to his bolt hole. First he changed into dry clothes and then he inspected the content of the backpack. After finding the addresses he thought about getting there. Flying was not an option. He wanted to take the gun with him.
On a Monday evening he wanted to join Greg at NSY again. He was on his way to the entrance on to the underground parking. The door there became the main mode for Greg and his supporters for  entering and leaving the Yard. It had just started raining and John pulled up his hoodie to protect himself from the drizzle. The moment he reached the door a familiar black car pulled up from the alley behind him. Without missing a step, he changed course towards it. The car door opened and he slipped in.
“Why didn’t you get up?” John asked hesitantly.
“Don’t worry John. Tell me, what is this about? It is almost, like my late husband is back. Are you in trouble?”
John shuffled back onto the sofa and Sherlock was pulled along to lie down with him. Sherlock went along willingly. His head got tucked under John’s chin and the arms hugged him closer.
Before he could reach it, he was tackled to the ground by John.
“Sometimes I envy you,” John continued. “I have never seen you with anyone, except for cases. And I wish I could detach myself from my body like you. I don’t know… choose to become asexual. But it doesn’t work like that.” John drank the last sip of his wine. “I will try to keep everything discrete and I don’t want to bother you with them. I’ll try to meet outside of 221b.” He let out a deep breath. “Well that’s it. No need to comment. I just wanted to let you know.” John straightened up from the cushions. “Time to do the dishes,” he said, grabbing his plate and some empty containers and vanished into the kitchen.
“Is this real?” John asked after a few moments. “Did he -,” John started, but he needed to take a calming breath. “Did he jump because he had been forced to do it? Us or him?”
She stepped toward Greg and undid his cuffs within seconds. Then she took care of John's. Both men tore the tape from their legs. The floor was already completely covered with water. John rushed to the entrance and tried to open the door. But it was looked as expected.
Sherlock nodded and they moved into action. They were finished soon enough. There weren’t many clothes, but John encountered another problem. He had no idea what to do with his gun. He had no gun license, and he didn't want to get Greg into trouble, who gave him the gun in good faith. John saw no chance that he could smuggle it through airport security. He also didn’t trust Stella enough to just hand the gun over. He had used the gun to kill someone. In the worst case, it could be used to tie him to a murder. He wanted to avoid any connection between him and the bullet in 218C Baker Street. At midnight, he and Sherlock came to a decision. They went down to the river, strapped the gun to a heavy stone and let it sink.
„Inspector Lestrade," Mycroft began, "some weeks ago we hacked into some rogue surveillance transmission, which was clearly put on you. Every time, when you were above ground, we were able to listen in on you. I am sorry, about the divorce, by the way.” Greg grimaced at that comment.
Sherlock gazed into his glass of wine. His fingers fiddled around the stem of the glass, his feet restless. His mind was already connecting all the new information he gathered. John slept with men, John had thought him to be asexual or celibate, John wanted to stay. Was there hope? But even if John wanted men, it could be that he didn't want him. He felt out of his depth.
“How are you doing, Detective Inspector?” Mrs Hudson asked as they meandered between flower beds. For the life of him Greg couldn’t figure out why Mrs Hudson staunchly refused to use his first name. She sometimes referred to him as “the fine DI Lestrade” but never by simply Greg.
The radios have all been turned to their lowest settings; they’re effectively in stealth conditions until their presence is declared;
John allowed his head to gently fall back against the bars of Mina’s crib, she’d fallen asleep ten minutes ago but experience had taught him that moving away too quickly would make her stir and having watched her fight sleep all day he really needed her to sleep now. He closed the copy of Peter Pan he’d been reading to her for the last thirty minutes before standing as slowly as possible, his knees had seized up slightly from being sat on the floor for so long but he waited to stretch until he was out of the room, he clicked the bee night light on as he pulled the door too lightly, his daughter hadn’t moved an inch and John sent up a silent prayer to anyone listening that she managed to sleep for a few hours. Nearly two years of navigating the stairs to the third floor of Baker Street had taught him how to move down them without making a noise, he reached the bottom and turned on the baby monitor he kept on the hallway table, the only noise coming from it was the soft strain of classical music and Mina’s light breaths. He’d spent numerous nights in the first week with it pressed to his ear straining to hear the noise of her breath, checking on her without running the risk of disturbing her sleep. That was before nights of three A.M. wake up calls and late morning naps, John couldn’t say which he preferred now, although his body was craving nights of uninterrupted sleep the idea of her having nightmares and being alone was worse, so he’d accept she would wake him up stupidly early and he would accept that he’d much rather smother her in love than have her be alone.
‘Are you to ring the doorbell Doctor Watson, or should I?’ It was such a rarity to hear the woman speak that even this most simple question caught him off guard, before he had time to gather the courage he needed to reach for the doorbell, she leaned forward and pressed the pearlescent button, ‘Ready or not John, here they come.’  She cast him the same smile before sauntering through the opening doorway.
‘Yes sir, I mean Greg, I’m fine, I was just thinking, maybe we could get a drink tonight, I would quite like to discuss something with you but it seems awkward amongst our colleagues’
‘Good, goodnight Gregory, go home, your wife won’t be in tonight.’
“Farcical.”
“Yes sir, Doctor Watson.”
HEROIN.
No John thought. The problem for him was keeping his real life out of his dreamscape.
The adults in the clip are clapping and exclaiming, in the video John knows Mina moves her hand up to cover his mouth, she wasn’t fond of loud noises, even pleasant ones such as laughter,
“I intend to, Mrs. Hudson, don’t you worry about that.” Greg answered, he sounded slightly manic and John was glad in that moment to never have been on the Detective Inspector’s bad side.
‘Mister Holmes I don’t know who you think this is but I assure you I am no one’s ambassador.’
“You haven’t been on a date?”
“John.”
“Oh, we’ve been having coffees together for ages. I guess some point over that period of time it just became a bit more. Very slow burn, you know.”
The story line is easily engaging and watching Peter Davison dress as a Harlequin made him laugh till his sides hurt, Tammy was right when she’d said he was in for a treat, during the credits of the first episode John snuck upstairs to check on Mina, she’d turned In her sleep so she was facing the door, her blanket wrapped haphazardly around her limbs and her thumb rests lightly by her mouth as if she’d fallen asleep sucking it, he sits for a minute at the top of the stairs to watch her, he doesn’t trust himself to always know when she needs him, he’s found her before awake in her crib in tears but not making any sound. The first time this had happened he’d panicked and taken her to see Sarah at the clinic but she’d reassured him that Mina was in no way ill she was merely responding to her former trauma. Unsurprisingly this had made John feel no better and he’d only trusted Sarah’s advice so far before doing more research on his own. She’d explained that at the age Mina was she was unlikely to carry the trauma with her forever, as she grew and understood that she was now safe and that John wasn’t going to leave her she would calm down more. His research supported the idea that young children had incredible abilities to heal from trauma without lasting damage but John maintained a constant awareness for their surroundings and any potential triggers for her distress. He swore being a parent was making him more jumpy, jumpier than even the unacknowledged realities of PTSD had made him.  Mina seemed perfectly peaceful in her slumber so John risked moving downstairs again. He wanted to watch the conclusion of Black Orchid before she woke once more.
That’s the question really, the paranoid voice in his subconscious chanting Intruder, Intruder, Intruder, but his conscious mind, the more rational side doesn’t believe there is, Mina’s room is clear at least and  his own was as well,
JOHN.
‘Is she happy John?’ It might be the most succinct he has ever heard his mother be in relation to Mina, but as Mycroft quickly scans the litany of questions she’d asked this one simple question does sum up the majority of them, her concerns had been around her retention of memories, her recovery from any trauma, her physical healing, her development, but overall he can see how they all stemmed from the one enquiry.
‘Understood John. Good evening.’ He paused in the doorway before striding back to where John was still nestled on the floor with his daughter. Mycroft crouched in front of her, speaking to her he smiled gently, ‘Goodnight Mina, be good for your father and I will see you tomorrow.’ With that he left to climb into one of his ever present black cars.
‘No no but I don’t know what I’m doing.’
Greg’s voice has the ability to fill a room completely, perhaps because he’s shouting or possibly because the second he does John feels the bubble of peace he’d erected around the circle of cushions on the floor burst. Heavy footfalls sound of the wooden stairs and John thinks quickly of Mrs Hudson’s complaints that the older D.I. always sounds like a herd of elephants running up her stairs.  He’s aware that he should move but all he can think to do is make shushing noises as he watches Mina react to this latest arrival in her new world. Greg walks into the flat and freezes, John assumes this as the noise stops and he hears plastic bags being placed on the floor.
“No, no, no, no” the video ends on the on screen collected adult’s laughter. A moment of silence accompanies the ending of the clip but it’s soon broken by a booming laugh from Siger, Mycroft follows shortly after and all John can do is grin. Mina had this effect on him every day, she made him happy every day and he loved being a father.
“Holmesian-sexual?”
‘Well I can see no crown, who are you supposed to be anyway? It looks pretty generic right now’ he indicates the ensemble she’s wearing, Tammy whips up a long piece of red material and what look like a vest top, she turns her back on John while pulling the vest over her head and securing the longer material so it hangs down her back similar, John thinks, to a superhero cape.  When she turns around again he sees that the vest is embossed with a blue shield adorned with three golden crowns in a line down the centre.
So we reach the end my Darlings! This has been different to write then most of the other things I have tried and I hope you all enjoyed it.
He couldn’t help but grin in response to Mrs Hudson’s almost dreamy stare. She watched John and Mina interact and Greg watched as her eyes began to glimmer with unshed tears.
‘Humm, what, yes Lisa I’m sorry I was just a little,’ he points down at the little girl sucking on her own fist, he wonders vaguely if she’s teething, he’ll have to remember to pick up supplies for that.
‘John please, please, please, please, please!’ the litany of pleases continued as he placed the plates in the sink and started the water.  Story Day at White rabbit was divided into three sections, young children; between one and five, were seen in the morning, these stories tended to be classics, easily recognisable and ones parents were likely to have at home, this was mostly because of the attention span on the child, then there was ‘modern children’s classics’ for children between six and ten and then the final story of the say was Young Adults, suitable for eleven years and up, Young Adults happened to be the section John had been forced to cover the week before when Tammy’s normal performer Brian called up claiming he was too wasted to handle children, Tammy had exploded at the young man, firing him over the telephone before steadily breaking into a panic at not being able to create something out of thin air for the relatively large audience she’d been expecting, the local school had started sending the more  children in year seven who struggled with English to watch each week and Tammy proclaimed loudly that she felt physically sick at the idea of having to turn them away. They came each week to be inspired,
“I don’t think that’s true, Gregory. Do you not think that if Mycroft Holmes didn’t trust you he would have let that call come through? Francis could he have stopped that phone call?”
They sat for an hour in silence, Mycroft deducing everything he could about the man sitting opposite him.
‘Say it again Gregory,’ the pressure of his bites intensify and Greg moans, he can’t control his breathing, his breaths leaving him in steady pants as he holds his hands steady by his head. They rut together against the wall, he’s not done this since he was a teenager and he doesn’t remember it being this intense then. Mycroft’s hands are light on their path across his body, carefully avoiding any area likely to send him off, he coasts down his ribs, across his hips, down his spine, it’s a steady progression of movements which Greg feels are setting his skin on fire, he’s hot, the layers of their clothes keeping their body heat trapped, ‘Say it again’ Mycroft nips his jaw, hard,
‘I don’t envy you your job Lisa.’
Mycroft must be having some sort of seizure with the whole mess. It's been two weeks of highly dull field work and tracking Moran's movements throughout the country.
‘I’m afraid I cannot ignore it, you sound distressed, did something happen? Are you well?’
‘Doctor Watson, you shouldn’t worry, you’re not starting from zero and I don’t think she’ll know many foods. You’ll learn together and most toddlers are picky so if she doesn’t like something she simply won’t eat it.’
Mycroft has placed Mina on the floor now and she’s clinging to the edge of the chair while he speaks to her, he’s explaining the history of the watch she’s currently grasping in the hand not helping her stand. It’s an interesting story but John can’t focus on Mycroft’s words. He considers his own mother and the frankly terrible relationship he has with her, Mina will never know her if he can control the situation, he can’t think of anything more toxic to a child who’s already seen so much, but her growing up without grandparent seems unfair. He worries about her socialisation, so far her family consists of himself and Mycroft, there’s Mrs Hudson whom John is certain will provide love and support as Mina ages but it could surely only be a positive to increase the number of people that love her.
Sherlock chuckles turn into murmurs which in turn change to breathy moans which intermingle in the cool night air with John’s own. Sherlock continues his ministrations, adding a thrust every time he completes a circuit of his makeshift path between John’s shoulder and jaw line.
‘I’m making the assumption that’s a good thing.’ John slides off the chair so he can look his daughter in the face. She stares at him while sucking her fist, he can’t stop smiling, she garbles and he can’t stop the laugh, it makes it all the better when, releasing her fist with a slip of drool, she laughs too. He can see some teeth but not the correct amount for a two year old. From everything he’s observed he’s certain Mycroft is right, she can’t be two, he says as much to Lisa who looks down at the pair of them from his old chair;
‘Nothing untoward I assure you Detective Inspector, I merely highlighted John’s admirable qualities and suggested he find it in his heart to allow my niece access to her home, which Baker Street now is.’  John didn’t believe a word and from the dubious look on Greg’s face Mycroft was fooling nobody. He couldn’t bring himself to care though; he was as of moments ago a father. Father to a child he’d never met and who he knew nothing about.
‘John we come bearing gifts of food and baby provisions’
‘John. Although sentiment brings few advantages to my life I feel myself moved to actions under its influence when it comes to our relationship. This journal being but one example.
Mrs. Hudson walked into the living room with a messy Mina balanced on her hip. He cast them a quick smile, but from Mrs. Hudson’s reaction, he supposed it wasn’t reassuring enough.Pointed at the phone mouthing the detective’s name, John shot her a thumbs up while listening to Greg explain the operation and how they’d ended up in that awful position. As much as John wanted to completely cast aside the comments the paper had made, he conceded that it did indeed sound like an operation gone wrong. Someone had been sloppy in their checks and two people lost their lives. He didn’t think it sounded as if the blame should land on Greg, but as the head officer on the case, John supposed Greg would be an easy target. Plus, the business with Sherlock had left him vulnerable to attacks from all sides.  The man had gone from the silver fox of CID to one of the country’s laughing stocks, alongside John, after his former roommate’s suicide. He didn’t often feel anger towards Sherlock anymore, just a great deal of sadness, but when he saw the proof of the fallout in someone else’s life, he allowed himself a moment of annoyance with the man’s memory.  Greg ended his account with a quick description of the hospital scene.
‘Forgive me John, I know you must think about it often’ John places his focus on making tea, it’s a repetitive activity which has always bought him peace, it feels inherently British to use the preparation of tea as a mask for his emotions but he’s not ready to discuss all of his feelings with Mycroft, with Greg he is more comfortable, but the lessons Sherlock taught him about not revealing weaknesses to the government official are harder to shake. The man’s been practically perfect since Mina came into John’s life, his appearances are still unannounced but he makes John’s life easier in any way he can, food and home provisions appear like clockwork, when John mentions a food Mina is taken with, raspberries are the latest, the next day John can expect to be furnished with every variety of them Mycroft, or Mycroft’s people perhaps, can think of. He’s learnt to be selective with what he mentions in the nightly phone calls he now receives, Mycroft checks in on the dot of eight thirty, time enough for John to have made a cup of tea after putting Mina to bed, they speak for twenty minutes and John reports on any and all developments before the standard conversation ending reminding him that his security team will be ready in the morning for any outings John and Mina may take.
"Because I noticed it was raining." Sherlock answered quietly.
“That’s not true, I owe you my heart and it’s yours if you want it.” Mycroft turned in Greg’s arms, pressing their foreheads together.
Now, drug free, I endure them; the majority of the time with distraction but occasionally, on the worst of days, I lock myself away in a darkened room and attempt to sleep through it.
It is with a heavy head and a heavier heart that John shuffles the few steps up to the front door of 221b Baker Street and he considers knocking and waking Mrs Hudson for all of thirty seconds, before dismissing the idea as bad manners, because the idea of having to rummage through his pockets to find his keys’ seems like far too much effort. He instead chooses to rest his forehead against the cool rain damp painted wood and wait for Sherlock who he can hear paying the taxi driver behind him to walk up and reach around John to unlock and push open the door.
I LOVE JOHN MYCROFT.
I hope you enjoy this final chapter and some of the twists you might not see coming.
‘How long was I out?’
John clutched the baby monitor a little harder when the doorbell to 221b sang through the flat,
There’s a faint golden glow between a group of trees forming the back wall of the garden and John tries to ignore the little voice in the back of his head, which sounds suspiciously like Sherlock, telling him to go and investigate. Instead he checks his phone, he left Mrs Hudson with specific instructions to contact him every hour with an update, he’d spent two days explaining text messaging to her before she’d simply told him to leave her be to have a go herself.  He decides to ring, just to check in, make sure Mina had been ok with someone else doing her bath time and that she wasn’t missing him too much. She’d been slightly distressed when he’d left earlier but by some miracle she hadn’t started crying. John had a specific weakness for her tears; he refused to ignore them and tended to go overboard with attention for a few hours afterwards.
“You make it sound romantic, Gregory, but this is going to get messy and it’s going to do it quickly.”
There is a good chance this will be our last communication Molly and I feel I must thank you for your help both now and in the past. Your kindness and patience has allowed me access to my work and peace through the logic of science.
‘I did enjoy it, I did and I do miss writing, but you know I can’t do it. Even if I want to,’ the stand in silence, neither of them making eye contact, John has his vision focused on the coffee pot while Tammy faces into the kitchen. If he’s honest with himself he’d love to keep telling the stories, sharing his memories of the adventures they’d shared but he felt like it was too much of a risk. He feels he press her lips lightly to his cheek, he’s teased her before that it’s the small amount of French in her that makes her kiss peoples cheeks when she says goodbye, Mrs Hudson in particular had been thrown by the overly familiar gesture. She’d exclaimed once Tammy had left that it was very liberal of her. John had felt free to laugh at this, he’d never had friends as physically demonstrative before but he found it to be no bad thing,
“Oh but Mr Holmes, that’s not how this story ends. Oh no, it ends with three words. I like the symmetry, three gun men, three bullets and now three words. They’ll bring you to your knees, you know.”
Also between you and Mycroft I would have liked to see myself attempt to sneak cocaine into the flat. I did manage it once John; in the early days of our friendship while you were still pursuing Sarah and I was still unused to being surrounded by affectionate people (read here Mrs. Hudson and yourself for I doubt I would ever have called Mycroft affectionate) it may still be there, the cocaine.
‘By who?’
‘I better get her, sorry’ Mycroft looks the most distressed John’s seen him since Sherlock’s funeral, he understands, the sound is distressing not only because they cut through you but also because you can hear her anguish in the tone of the cries, he jogs up the stairs, eager not to show too much panic to Mycroft or appear distressed in front of Mina.
‘Yeah I agree, feel quite foolish right now honestly.’
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Yeah, she was just so damn young John.’
‘Donovan I’m heading to Caffe Grana do you want anything?’
“Gregory, I have to admit I feel that comment might have drifted from your initial point.”
From where he was crouching leaning against the stretch of wall between the door to 221b and the kitchen’s baby gate he could see the glassy gaze of the horse and felt the irrational roll of fear through his gut that told him someone was watching him,
Wife is more intelligent academically. Something in science given the slight chemical stains on the cuff of her shirt. clearly a favorite even though she has lost weight and the fit has changed. Chemical is Iodine; assumed because of the colour it has settled to once dried on cotton, recent, perhaps two days old.
"Because it doesn't sound like London rain." Sherlock answered without hesitation.
‘Dr Watson, I am pleased to inform you that I see no just reason why you cannot become legal guardian and adoptive parent to one Mina Louise Watson Holmes,  papers will be drawn up in the next few days to carry out a full and legal adoption in the courts. Any and all inheritance she is entitled to is to be held in trust for her, until such a time as yourself and her trusts executor Mycroft Holmes, deem it necessary, although legally it will be impossible for her to have full access until she turns eighteen, before this time an account will be set up in your name which will provide a living expense for the child. Do you have any questions regarding the details of this agreement?’
‘Take me to her Greg.’
‘John, John are you alright?’ Greg was stood beside him, hand gripping his arm as if John was about to fall. He looked at the pair of them breifly, noting how Mycroft had yet to remove his overcoat, but he’d stood without knowing, his body shaking, he couldn’t get enough air into his lungs but he couldn’t stop staring at this little girl.  He could hear a high pitched noise, similar to when you left the kettle on the stove once it had boiled, that high pitched, soul splitting shriek, the noise was coming from him but it was happening without concious thought. He was certain he was about to throw up, his stomach may be empty but it was making a valiant effort to bring something up. He couldn’t control his tears, couldn’t control his shaking and couldn’t control himself. He thrust the paper at Mycroft and he felt nothing but a dull throb of horror running through him, the knowledge there was a little girl in the world with the DNA of the best man he’d ever known, the best friend he’d ever had, the one person in all the world he believed in without doubt. She was real, she was here and she could never know the man responsible for her existence.
“Yes she does, she deserves the whole world. But until you can figure out how to give her that we should focus on making the one we all have safe for her and for everyone,” John said.
‘John you were the first to see her for who she was, just from her picture,’ he waves a hand towards the D.I. but he means for it to indicate the police as a whole, ‘they had DNA evidence but that can be wrong, it can be fabricated,
‘Will do Sal.’ He hangs up and turns back to the woman to see she’s gone again. The doors been left open though so he figures he’s supposed to follow. The hallway he enters can only be described as grand, the wood is dark and the wall sconces glimmer slightly, everything about it screams wealth and Greg feels even more disorientated. He follows a staircase down a floor before hearing noise coming from a semi closed dooway, it’s a man’s voice, he recognises it at once even if it is speaking Russian.
‘Yes Sir’
He reached for his gun at the end John, when I told him why I was there. When I said Moriarty’s name. When he truly realized he was going to die. He threw that poor girl off him and grabbed for his gun. I took him down before he reached it but it was so messy in the end. There was so much blood John.
Mycroft nodded. “Did you ever overhear your husband and Sebastian talking about any particular business?”
BITTERLY COLD. VODKA.
The woman’s laughter is all the response he gets before they’re stopping in front of a dark wooden door, she knocks once before opening it to usher him inside. The room’s dim, the only light coming from a banked fire and a the desk lamp Mycroft is seemingly working by, stacks of paper work litter the surface in front of him but he looks up upon their entrance and aims a small but genuine smile towards John,
“Action against what?” Greg asked.
“What would you have me do, John?” Mycroft asked taking the glass and refilling it.
‘I’m alright Mycroft’ the man moves then, his hand hits the desk in front of him hard, the sound of the slap resonates around the room as Mycroft moves around his desk, Greg can’t drop his gaze as Mycroft stalks towards him. He seems to hesitate just in front of his chair, he bodily wavers, coming to a halt and taking a half step backwards but Greg can’t take it. He doesn’t want to think anymore.
‘Mother if you could find it in yourself to stop the pacing my hearth rug would surely appreciate it’ the frankly withering stare he received in way of an answer had him pouring a far more generous measure of wine into the glass he was preparing for her.
‘Yes but believe me that was more of a trauma, we got her calm once all the tests were run and the information for the police was collected but she was still miserable. I’m shocked she’s happy now. I’m imagining she must like you, trust from this baby, I would have thought it would have to be hard won but she seems to be off to a good start.’
There was radio, or text, silence for a number of minutes and Greg wondered if perhaps he had pushed too far. The flirting had been blatant, however, and he didn’t like to think he had become that out of practice.  The silence lasted for long enough that they’d moved on to the next room and rejoined John and Mrs Hudson before he felt his phone buzz again.
‘Knock knock, John?’
Mycroft smiled slightly at this, almost as if he had not expected John to be thoughtful in this, ‘The choice is yours to make, Sherlock’s name at birth was William, but he disliked it, Sherlock was the name of an eccentric uncle of ours, he descended through my father’s line and Sherlock spent many summers with him on the family’s bee farm in Sussex. When he was old enough to choose,  for Sherlock that occurred at seven, he required  all members of the family and his school to refer to him by his middle name, Sherlock. I am named after my Grandfather, again on my father’s side and yes that is tradition.’
He pushed the door slightly, hoping to get a clearer view of the individual whose shadow had covered one section of the glass wall, but he never got that far, the first thing to hit his senses was the smell, it was sweet but multi-tonal, john couldn’t identify each of the individual scents, there was something lemony but also something suspiciously like his Mrs Hudson’s favourite lily-of- the valley scent.  He half fell through the door, nearly ending up on his knees on the other side, he hadn’t realised he’d been leaning on it to such a degree, the second thing he noticed was the multitude of different shades of light, the walls were lined with wooden benches, each of them holding a different tone of light, softer yellows to more dim oranges and even a little blue light shone from near the back. The centre aisle was filled with more benches but these had a solid strip of light running from one end to the other and on every surface, as far as he could see were flowers. The colours and shapes of the petals varied but each of them had thick stalks growing out of the glass boxes and bowls their roots were enclosed in.  The effect was dreamlike, enchanting, it left John feeling oddly vulnerable,
“If Sherlock failed to jump, if he didn’t kill himself, we would all die. That’s what Moriarty did; he threatened us?”
“Oh yes; a Detective Inspector, the British Government, a former Army Captain and Mrs. Hudson, who was apparently instrumental in the running of a drug cartel. I wouldn’t want to meet us in a dark alley, would you?”
‘John there you are, I can’t find my crown have you seen it,’ she was dressed in brown leggings, riding boots and a long sleeved, loose fitting cream top.  Over the entire outfit suggest her theme was going to be historical this Friday but he couldn’t decipher which story or character she would be playing. He hoped he didn’t have to talk her out of a rendition of the latest Game of Thrones book, he couldn’t imagine that sitting well with the parents that attended along with their children,
‘These triggers, is she always distressed afterwards?’
Mina however was fascinated by everything outside of the pushchair, she used her fingers to pull herself forwards while they were walking past parks and buildings so she could see everything they passed, she made a noise of surprise as they walked through one of the patches of pidgins London was so famous for and when they finally sat on the bus she raised her arms with such a perfectly Sherlock look of demand John had to bring her out, she stood on his knee and looked at everyone on the bus, the elderly couple in the seats right next to them made cooing noises and she responded with a small smile but it was the tattooed man with dreadlocks and large headphones that caught her eyes and kept her attention, she watched with a look of fascination as he bobbed his head to the bass heavy beats coming through his headphones, John thought he hadn’t noticed her attention until he made eye contact with John and winked, he couldn’t help the blush, flirtatious or not he wasn’t used to the attention of strangers on public transport. London was a city of underground travelling book readers, why did so many companies provide free magazines if you were supposed to make eye contact, he chose to stare instead at the side of Mina’s face and watch as she made little noises and used her little bow mouth to blow kisses to those that smiled back at her.  If getting on the bus was difficult leaving was harder, a child determined not to return to their pushchair, an elderly couple determined to get off before you and a dreadlocked tattooed man pinching your bum as you finally manage to make a break for it. Everything considered public transport was a nightmare.
Sally secures his gun, he realises he’s shaking, he’s going into shock, he looks down at his hands and realises they’re covered in blood, Sammy’s blood, definitely shock, he’s lost officers before but this is worse, she’s so young, it’s all he can think.
‘Yep, I’ve been signed off until Monday and then it’s for a review session. I have to give my report and statement and generally follow the rules.’
‘Would you like me to have a member of the security detail check?’ Let another human being seeing him like this, witness his humiliation first hand, not just through whatever means Mycroft has, no he doesn’t want that. He turns his head to see the slither of his daughter’s feet through the mostly closed door, she’s kicked the blanket off at some point but her feet remain enclosed by the feet on her Pyjamas, it’s not just his safety anymore,
“Oh yeah? What are those then?”
“What? Greg, what?”
In the three hours since Lisa had left John had managed to feed Mina without covering either of them in spaghetti, although that was more through the discovery of baby cutlery than anything else. John was worried about overwhelming her with new flavours but the recipe was in the binder and it seemed like a good place to start, as it turned out the binder did contain pretty much everything, combined with the internet research he discovered the perfect temperature the heat a child’s bath too, the temperature the special formula should be heated too, he still thought they should have put that on the box.
‘Oh no, that’s just the night light section, Tammy clears her throat before returning her eyes to John with a smile, ‘you wanna see?’
VODKA
If you could deliver them to him, in person, on or before the 20th of February I would be most grateful. You will likely find him at his club The Diogenes.
“You might not want to John but I think it’s true. I understand why you couldn’t, I do, but I don’t want you fooling yourself into thinking it was some sort of unrequited thing,” Greg sighed. “I came so close to sitting down with you at one point and telling you to either pull it together or let Sherlock go. I swear, every time you went on a date it was like there was a swarm of bees in the man’s head. He would storm around the office demanding a case and a damn good one too. He was always looking for a reason to call you, to prove he needed you, needed you more than whoever it was with you were out with. I’d find him a case or Mycroft would.
‘He actually passed away quite recently, it’s just us now.’ Tammy freezes mid way through boxing up the cuddly Sam and Frodo set,
“Dr. Watson, sir...”
‘I’ he suddenly feels awkward, Mycroft dismissing his concerns would be a blow and he feels slightly fragile already, ‘you know what this was stupid, ignore it, just how are you?’
Greg took the photo gently out of John’s grip one handed while he balanced Mina steadily. He handed it to Mycroft and pointed to the man yet to be identified.
“What do you say then, Myc?  Your army is ready and willing. Time to go run the world, don’t you think.”
“Maybe, but we’ll be making the world safer and not just for Mina. Not just for our family but for everyone. They took people from their homes and wrapped them in bombs; they took children and raised them to be slaves. Mycroft we’re already at war. I’m just talking about fighting back. They’re terrorising the people we care about and the country three of the people in this room promised to protect with our lives.”
He returned from the back with her bumble bee teething ring, upon seeing him his daughter dropped the fingers from her mouth and smiled broadly, he watched her lips move and heard the word more clearly this time,
I just want to apologise for this update taking so long, it wasn't meant to. I hit a serious writers block and i'm doing this without a beta which means I felt a little alone with it. We've also just had Mother's day in the UK which is a quietly frantic time in my family.
‘What precisely has your mother organised for dinner this evening, I fear I have been paying very little attention Mycroft.’  His father was right to be worried, food was one of the few sources of disquiet in his parents’ marriage and his father had simple tastes, preferring dinners to consist of a maximum of three courses and nothing too astoundingly rich being involved, his mother on the other hand, well she liked indulgence, the fact she had Sherlock’s physique and metabolism was a key reason she failed to recognise his or his fathers consternation at the sheer number of calories she could fit into one course.
You have a high tolerance for addicts John. I worry that your childhood may have convinced you it is your job to care for them or perhaps that was your medical training. So determined to make yourself useful John. Did we dance? Or was that in my mind? I have the memory of holding you close; my hand on your back pulling you against my chest. I do not think it can possibly be a true memory John because if it were, if I had held you that closely, felt your breath against my neck, I would surely have closed that last gap and laid my lips upon yours.
‘I guess something simple, Gin and Tonic if you have it. Oh and I bought wine, I wasn’t sure what was being made for dinner but this one was recommended to me.’ He hands over the bottle and watched Mycroft appraise it with a small smile. He accepts the tall glass before following his host through the glass doors outside. The evening is cool but not unpleasant, John’s glad to see the seating area also has a heater though, November isn’t the month he’d generally hold anything outdoors, but when Mycroft digs a packet of cigarettes from a pocket inside his suit jacket John realises it’s not necessarily for comfort that they’re out here, they take sides on opposite edges of a square glass table that forms the centre of a seating area they reach.
‘I have no idea honestly, I’ve never been around them together, well except on cases sometimes, but then Sherlock and Mycroft would always engage in their constant battle of wills and believe me any sexual tension would have been destroyed by the frigidity of their stares.’
There was still no answer, there were new details about Sherlock, new details about the drugs and the company Sherlock kept but nothing about the child, not that he could see, debating whether or not to point this out John was caught off guard by Greg posing the question;
‘I can’t do this.’ The words passed through his lips without thought, so quiet he isn't convinced she can hear him.
“That’s quite distressing Mycroft,” Mrs. Hudson said, having been silent for most of the conversation. All of the men seemed to have forgotten she was present. “That you don’t know who’s carrying out these attacks, I mean.”
‘Just over three years ago Sherlock took himself off grid, he’d done this occasionally taking himself out of my surveillance as a way of proving himself smarter than me, but usually I found him quickly.' He took a slightly deeper drink from his cup before putting the cup down, 'The drug problem started in university you see, Sherlock came to London to live independently from the family but instead of the intellectual equals he’d been promised by our mother he found himself surrounded by fools, temptation and boredom. As the spray painted image above John's head proves my brother has never dealt with boredom well, university i'm afraid to say proved to be no different.’ Taking a sip of tea again Mycroft loosened his tie while crossing his legs in front of him. He had stopped making eye contact with either of them a sentence in and didn’t seem to be in any hurry to recommence it. This was a narrative to him and one he clearly did not enjoy revisiting.
But that had been his thinking truly, John Watson, doctor, soldier, loyal and loving, who else would he call. Who else could he have called, the possibility that either Holmes brother had known struck him as unlikely, given where he'd found her, he couldn’t imagine the child had been created in some loving embrace. More likely a drug induced nightmare, those thoughts bought Greg crashing into the nightmares of his past and pulling Sherlock through sobriety. Sherlock had never been the most self-aware drug addict, needle sharing he had been stringent with, this Greg knew he remembered the dressing down he had received from the dishevelled youth when he had first been forced to drag him from a crime scene doorway, where he had started spouting deductions a mile a minute to anyone that would listen.
‘Thanks, goodnight Mycroft.’
Officer Down.
‘No John she needs you, believe me you’ve got this.’
VODKA.
“Mr. Holmes is wrapping up a call with the Russian delegation. He’ll be with you as soon as possible Dr. Watson.”
‘This one’s amazing’ John crouches to get a closer look at the material but as he does so he notices Mina stretch out a hand and touch the wing gently, she looks mesmerised by both the light and the swirling pattern on the wings,
Mycroft drew closer to the man and matched his volume. “Enlighten me, Mr Mitrović, what are we going to talk about?”
Tammy swings her legs while humming a tune John once again recognises but can’t place, it pulls him back to his childhood but instead of questioning her he smiles and strolls, plates in hand, to the living room. Tammy bounces to the television ensuring the set up is complete before flopping on the sofa next to John, he’s not seen her this excited since he’d mentioned his teen obsession with Princess Leia, both the gold bikini and the badass attitude of the leading Star Wars lady.
“What are you talking about John?” Greg hiccups “He’s Sherlock fucking Holmes he belongs to no man!” Greg flings his head back to roar with laughter but John’s a bit drunk; inebriated by the constant flow of lager and whiskey the Met’s summer party has provided him with this evening and he takes a swipe at Greg and manages to get a handful of rough cotton so he can pull the man forward and get in his face.
‘I know more about babies? Do you know how many I’ve looked after in the last week alone,’ Lisa leans forward and places her finger in Mina’s fist, ‘I don’t know this little one, not really, I know what the doctors told me and what we tell every new parent.’
Mycroft knew well enough to play along. Something was dismantling Moriarty’s network. His team were aware of combat in areas but they had yet to make the connection; The work he had seen was amateurish, the results messy; whoever was making these moves weren’t trained professionals.
‘Mrs Hudson I think you’re most likely correct, I should go and be more social. I just wanted to check in but if you’re certain all is well then I suppose I’ll leave you to enjoy your book.’
"Why are you awake and looking at the London rain love?"
‘Criminals secure and loading underway.’
‘But how does that end up with there being a child, if you’re right and Sherlock didn’t like sex unless he was high? She could have been conceived at any point in that year’
‘I am sorry John I would appear to have missed your question.’
‘Ah, you like the Oncidium, a beautiful flower, spiced vanilla fragrance, suitable to be grown indoors without regulating their heat, they do require slightly more shade than some other members of this branch of the orchid family’, he indicates the other examples on the same table, ‘but a very attractive example of a small orchid variety.’
"And you're with me too?" Sherlock asked.
‘Well yeah, it’s in her nature.’
Every time the man calls him Mr Watson John nearly throws a punch, he’s wound up pretty tight from the overwhelming developments of the day and to now have this cheap man in an even cheaper suit evaluate his home and judge his ability to be a father, is putting him one step closer to the edge of violence. But John knows punching this tiny tiny man would do him no good, it could potentially lose him the chance of having Mina, so instead he grits his teeth and doesn’t force his medical licence down the man’s throat.
“Sweetie, don’t pull Uncle Greg’s hair like that, it’s not nice.” He forced himself not to smile at the devilish grin he got in response.
‘I have a sister and when I was growing up I did a great deal of childcare, it is true that I haven’t spent too much time around children socially over the past, let us say, five years but that’s more because I don’t have many friends with children, honestly my experience is limited,’ the look Greg is shooting him makes him think the decision to be completely honest was not a wise one, ‘but I will say this, I’m a quick learner, I've proven my ability to adapt by going from Student to Doctor to Army doctor, and then returning to civilian life and becoming a General Practitioner. I adapt well and I have learnt  to fulfil the roles my career has thrown at me. Raising a child is different I agree,’ he’s cut Mr Suit off there before the obvious rebuttal, remembering himself he doesn’t roll his eyes at the man , ‘but I have also spent a great deal of time caring for people who needed that extra portion of devotion. This flat is full of memories of him doing just that, but it hadn't started with Sherlock, 'My sister is an alcoholic and I’ve never stopped caring for her, we have difficulties and I’ve learnt when to walk away but if she ever needed me, truly, I’d be there and my housemate, former housemate, he was,’ he pauses trying to come up with the perfect way to describe Sherlock, ‘he was one of the most strongly independent and individual people I’ve ever met and I couldn’t have cared for him more. I devoted a good portion of my life over the last two years to making and keeping him happy, and believe me when I say that Sherlock was never an easy person to provide for, he fought you every step of the way, but I would never have given up on him. I don’t give up on people.' This he feels might be the crux of the issue for him, Mina needs someone who'll never leave her alone again, 'This child, Mina, I’m never going to give up on her and I will also never give her up. She’s going to be my daughter, I’m going to give her anything and everything she needs; emotionally and physically. She will never be without love, and given her start to life don’t you think that’s more important than my ability to make the perfect bottle.' He's managed to rile himself up slightly, the frustration he's been feeling since the social worker entered 221b articulated in words rather than fists, 'I will learn how to do that; I will learn how to draw her bath and how to make her laugh when she cries. I will learn to be everything she needs me to be.’ his rant over John can only watch as Mr Suit look tilts his head before making numerous notes on his clipboard.
A man at the reception desk already awaited them. While John was greeted by name, Sherlock only got examined shortly. They were led to Mycroft’s study. The man knocked and after a few moments Mycroft’s voiced asked them in. The man held the door open for them and John entered first. Sherlock followed hesitantly, eyes downcast scanning his surrounding behind his baseball cap.
John knew that his cheeks were burning a deep scarlet. Sherlock had conjured up a fantasy that John had denied himself so far. He took a steadying breath and looked into Sherlock's eyes. Mischief was twinkling there. The nervousness vanished from John. “Later,” John said. “But first, I want you on top. I am curious. Show me,” he whispered pleadingly. The mood shifted. Both felt the desperate need for more.
Mycroft turned back to the folders on his desk. He took a thin one and pulled out a photo. It was of the third sniper that Sherlock had photographed three months ago.
After some time of soft kisses, Sherlock broke the kiss and rested his forehead against John's, looking into his eyes. “You are brilliant,” he whispered.
“Well, in general you need money in exchange for goods and services,” John explained.
“Can I borrow your phone?” she finally asked the cabbie after coming to a decision. She didn’t know Sally’s number by heart, but she had to make an effort to inform the police.
John looked confused. Mycroft picked up his umbrella, turned the handle, and pulled out a 20 inch blade.
“I-I'm sorry,” Sherlock sniffled after some moments. “I don't know, I just, I – I ...” Sherlock looked up miserably.
(See the end of the chapter for
“No. Just a reminder, that everything that is going to happen will be safe, sane and consensual. I want to do this right. ”
The hours after his capture were horrible. He was dragged into an underground chamber of an old castle. They ripped away his clothes, forced him to his knees, tied him up, beaten him, taunted him. But nothing was done to cause serious damage. They just wanted to inflict pain. It was clear to Sherlock that they waited, were ordered to keep him alive. After some time, a tall, vaguely familiar man appeared. Sherlock cursed his brain for being so sluggish.
“I am a millionaire,” John grinned stupidly. He closed the laptop. The bills could wait one more day. “Let's go out, have something to eat. Angelo's?”
Around midnight, they went to bed. Mycroft went upstairs to the master bedroom. His steps were heavy and communicated the fatigue of the originator.
“Let's get on the chair; it might buy us some time.” John instructed. All three stepped on the chair and watched the water rising.
“I might offend or pressure you. It might not appeal to you. You could feel annoyed or disgusted or...” he started to ramble.
John straightened up and grinned at Sherlock. They dismounted the rifle, wiped all surfaces they had touched and left the building. The van picked them and their equipment up and drove away into the loud and bustling rush hour of London toward Mycroft’s office. There they handed the rifle over at to a serious looking man in a dark suit. They disposed of their disguise and redressed in their own clothes. Their part was done and they went back to Mycroft’s mansion.
“I was grabbed at the underground parking at NSY. I thought I was safe using that entrance,” Greg said. He stilled. After a second, he continued. “I bet you: there is still some surveillance left, otherwise I can’t explain how Moriarty still knows our moves. He got us all in one sweep.” Greg tried in vain, to push off his handcuffs. A frustrated curse escaped him.
Everything became silent around eight o’clock. John still waited for another hour. Through the crack between the door and the floor he could see, that the light was dimmed to night mode. Silently he crept out of the closet and sneaked down the corridor to the morgue. The lights in there were still on. Behind the doors he saw a petite person illuminated through the frosted glass. He pulled out pen and paper from his pockets an scribbled a short note. He waited till the shadow of the person retreated further into the room toward the offices. He opened the door silently and tiptoed in.
He gazed over the items on the table: Clothes, shoes, photos from the alleys and dumpsters, two mobile phones. Both phones were found on the younger victim. Greg stilled and picked up an evidence bag containing one mobile. He knew the model. Sherlock had owned the same. It still riled Greg, that they never recovered Sherlock’s phone after the jump. But in the ruckus caused by it, a lot of evidence got lost and the missing phone was just one of it. They searched the window ledges and even the manhole covers on the ground for Sherlock’s phone, but it was never found.
First he needed to stay low key. His time with Sherlock taught him, that nobody watches common people. His new clothes were common enough and cheap. He sought a quiet spot in an alley behind some dumpsters. He needed an overview of the current situation and a plan. He knew about military stealth operations. Now he had to think like a soldier again.
Sherlock was stunned at the beginning. He hadn’t expected an emotional reaction from Mycroft. Eventually he returned the embrace.
While listening, John’s face shifted from confusion, to disbelief and distress. When the recording turned to the phone conversation between Sherlock and John, Greg stopped the recording. John had gotten deathly pale.
Martha was shocked. But on the other hand, she had regularly dealt with Sherlock and his clients. This was not so absurd. She waited through mass and went through the motions. Then she bid good bye to her friends. John heard her say, that she wanted to pray a little bit for Sherlock. He had to congratulate her on that. It seemed a reasonable excuse to get rid of them, even if someone was listening in on her. John left the church with the last churchgoers.
The next week forced John into inactivity. He could not go back to Baker Street. For all means, he needed to appear dead. He could only help Greg from the shadows. Also Greg did his best to avoid being seen in public and spent most of his time at the Yard or in secret phone conferences with Mycroft.
“Well, would you look at that. The lovebirds reunited,” she drawled, grinning at Kate. John rolled his eyes. While he had used to correct people on that, the usual knee-jerk reaction to the statement 'I am not gay' no longer erupted from him. He was way too happy to have Sherlock back. If people wanted to assume, he didn't care anymore.
Out of the corners of his eyes he saw Mrs Hudson standing up and bending down to unbound her legs.
“What is this about?” John asked puzzled.
Sherlock just nodded. They had already discussed this yesterday. He went to the wardrobe, fished out some clothes and vanished into the bathroom.
Sherlock led John with certainty toward his room. Before entering, he stopped, unsure.
In the end everything had gone according to plan.
“I don't know. I was hoping you could tell me,” Mycroft said.
Sherlock still looked unsure, but nodded. With that, John closed the gap between them and embraced Sherlock's waist. He settled his other hand lightly on his cheek tracing his cheekbones with his thumb. Looking into Sherlock’s eyes he slowly raised his face giving him all the time to break free. After a few moments Sherlock bent towards him and their lips met. It was an innocent and light kiss, but John felt, how the stiffness in Sherlock's posture melted away. Sherlock's arms circled John and  returned the embrace. Their lips parted for a second, seeking confirmation in each other’s eyes. Their second kiss held more heat, lips parted and tongues engaged.
He also checked his clothes. He actually found bugs in his belt, shoes and mobile. He discarded the belt and shoes in the rubbish bin in the kitchen. In the locker room he borrowed some shoes from a new colleague and donned a baseball cap. He 'lost' his mobile in one of the storage rooms and took a non-descriptive one from the provisions chamber, just to get rid of possible surveillance.
“Any other ideas?” Greg asked.
“John, wait. I apologise.” Sherlock said. “I didn't want to put you on the spot. I just was curious. You always seemed so proper. You were denying instantly, when someone implicated, you are gay.”
He needed a plan. And being a Friday evening with nobody missing him, he had all the time. With renewed vigour, he started on all the other evidences piled up in front of him. He was missing something, and he would solve the riddle. Weekend be damned.
The mobile phone dropped from Sherlock's hands to the roof floor. The screen cracked, flittered a final time and then died. But it still recorded for another 15 minutes, till the battery finally ran out. Another 10 minutes later, it was picked up, wrapped into a small plastic bag and hidden away in the depths of a well-worn jacket. The finder kept it close, waiting for the right time to deliver it to the intended recipient. Everything went according to plan so far. But in the end, he wasn't able to fulfil this task.
Again a  very big Thank You to Brainless-Septiclock for beta-ing.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I am just not ready to meet Mycroft. His superior speech about how he already had known and planned everything is something I am not looking forward to. And I don’t want to be blamed for the current crisis. It’s not, like I had a choice.” Sherlock sighed.
I need to call in my favour.
Sherlock gave Mycroft a brief summary of his time gathering the data about Moriarty's network and a shorter summary of his capture. He skipped the part where Irene rescued him; Mycroft clearly noticed the gap but didn't comment on it.
After three rings, Sally's voice greeted her. “Hi Molly, what's up?”
“No. But you know me, trouble finds me. Mrs Hudson can fill you in. It is a long story. Just keep her safe.” John held a small bundle of bills towards Matt.
After a short trip in a police car, they reunited at the Trinity Hospital. Martha Hudson was in the waiting room with Sally. She had tears in her eyes, when she saw Sherlock entering. She had known he was alive, since John had sent her a message, but it was different to see it with her own eyes. She hugged him close for a long time. Sherlock let her and hugged her back.
“And what is this all about? Why the secrecy? Why bugs?”
A very big Thank You to Brainless-Septiclock. You are the best!
“Mrs Hudson. Thank god. I am sorry for that, but I don’t know any other way.” He began.
“I can’t get Greg either,” Sally spoke again. “I have the signal of your phone however. I will dispatch some officers now and I will join them as soon as I can. How many people are in the van?” she asked.
“Sherlock speaking. Do you have John?” he asked.
“We will try to rent a car.  If that fails, the train would also be a possibility,” Sherlock explained.
Sherlock shook his head. “No, John. You are brave.” Sherlock knelt in front of John. “Thank you that for still being with me. That you gave me this chance to meet you again.” He pressed a short kiss on John's forehead.
“W-what is happening to me? It shouldn’t be like this. I c-can’t be like Harry!” he stammered, confused.
“Ladies and gentlemen,” he announced loudly. People stopped in the middle of their tasks and heads turned toward him. Greg felt a sense of power. The new position as Superintendent surely gained him some more respect.
John winked Stella into the living room. Sherlock stood beside the couch, still looking quite different with ginger hair, a cap and glasses. While they both gained some weight, they were still not back to their old frames. On a whim, John decided to keep one secret. “This is Ian,” he introduced Sherlock to Stella. Sherlock just raised an eyebrow and played along. “Nice to meet you”, he said with a Scottish accent.
"Inspector Lestrade, long time no see. Please join me," the familiar upper class voice demanded. Greg felt deflated. All the care was for nothing. If Mycroft could find him, Moriarty and a sniper could, too.
Setting the scene. More players will appear soon.
Sherlock met his eyes after a few heartbeats and nodded.
After a few moments Sherlock grabbed the bottle of wine. “If it is confession time then I need this, too,” and topped his glass.
The man cackled. “He just wants to tell you, that he will gladly burn the heart out of you, now. Your friends are history.”
“Well, then I propose a thorough snogging session with a lot of groping, if you are amenable. Nothing crazy. And then we will see, what comes up.”
“Sherlock,” John interrupted. “Stop quoting the thesaurus.”
Sherlock had been retrieved from his prison six days ago. He had spent the last week recuperating at the mansion. Irene had forced him to eat, despite him not being hungry. Sherlock had been beyond consolation, because he had thought he had failed in keeping his friends alive. Irene had tried her best to lighten his mood and had coaxed him into cooperating. John heard between the lines that her occupation as a dominatrix seemed to make her a good nurse, too.
A butler opened the door for them. He didn’t bat an eye and just led them into the house. Mycroft must have informed him of their arrival. There wasn’t a lot for John and Sherlock to do and they went to the kitchen to raid the fridge. They opened a bottle of wine to celebrate their return to London and snacked on the kitchen counter. The butler at first tried to be helpful, but then let them be. They both felt in a state of flux.
“Welcome, my dear Doctor. It is good to see you - alive,” she greeted him. “There was a terrible rumour of you being killed.”
John looked grim. He couldn't believe it. He was still in the midst of Moriarty's game. Nothing was solved by Sherlock's death. “This doesn’t sound official at all.”
“What has Lestrade to do with it?” Sherlock asked.
He slowly went to Molly's office in the back and entered her field of vision carefully. She looked up at him and a small smile grew on her lips. Before she could start with a greeting, John put his finger on his lips to indicate for silence. He gave her the note.
“Hi Greg. Welcome back,” John said encouraging. Greg just groaned a little bit more and blinked.
“Don't worry John. I know the perfect place. And keep your money. If you need to contact me, use the same way again over the internet.”
For every person they had to arrest at the Metropolitan Police including the Yard Lestrade needed two people. And Lestrade needed to trust those. He started with Sally Donovan. Sally was easily convinced. She already suspected some foul schemes at play. She was surprised at all the evidence that supported her suspicions. She immediately agreed to help Greg. And so they started to gather supporters for their cause. They talked to all their old mates in the force – eye to eye – to help them against Moriarty. Everyone and everything was first scrutinised and if trustworthy briefed.
‘John, you are bugged. Don't talk. Keep quiet.
Grudgingly he looked up the train connections to Ostrava. Just a look at the travel time confirmed, that the trip was harrowing, it took 22 hours. Additional to that, he had to switch trains seven times. But at least he could take naps while travelling. If everything went well, he would arrive Tuesday evening.
Sherlock grabbed the case folder from Mycroft's hand and rifled through it. He stopped at the photo of the young man that was found with the sniper. “That's Nick,” Sherlock stated. “He sometimes helped me with cases; part of the homeless network. Clever guy.”
John then said his goodbyes to Matt and Mrs Hudson and they parted.
Sherlock shook his head, his face still buried in his elbow.
One thing, however, had changed. Each night they  were drawn closer to each other. First, they had just held each other through the night. The next evening, John had started to lightly caress Sherlock’s arms and back. During the night Sherlock’s hands had found their way below John’s shirt, caressing his chest and belly.
Mycroft took a deep breath. "I know that you listened to the recording of Sherlock and Moriarty on the roof of St. Bart’s. I have seen you pull the files from the server. And therefore you are aware of the three snipers.  But you don't know about the vast network behind that. Moriarty installed a web with heads in five major European cities. They are specialized on all kinds of crime: kidnapping, blackmail, human trafficking, money laundry, you name it. The government officials that are not part of it are aware of the network. But some of Moriarty's men hold key positions and therefore make us impotent against their doings, until now. You managed to get off the grid. The sniper put on you died an unfortunate death, and he wasn't replaced. Perhaps the news doesn’t travel that fast, or Moriarty got sloppy. Good for us: now, we can get you to ask the right questions from official sides. I know you are well connected. With backup from unofficial units and my connections, we stand a chance against Moriarty’s infiltration. With your help, we could take the pressure from the higher ups and let the broad base of NSY do its job: strength in numbers. You already did the first step, but you won't come far without my help. My brother held you in high regard. And I hope you will support me."
Sherlock had retreated into his mind palace. Exhaustion and pain made it a desolate place. But the good times were still there. He remembered a time, when Lestrade was taking care of him after taking drugs, baiting him with cases to keep him occupied. There was Mrs Hudson giving him a place to stay and a first feeling of belonging. And then there was John giving him companionship, friendship, praise. He dove further into his memories. He replayed the cases with John, the quite evenings with take-a-way and how John patched him up. The memories were bittersweet. He would trade his life again and again; to get that back, or at least to so see them all safe.
John and Sherlock had three days to prepare for a sniper shot over roughly 900 meters. John’s task was to master the rifle. Sherlock assisted him with adjusting the aim and provide information about distances, angles and weather conditions. They had to make sure, that the bullet hit its target. Sherlock frantically scribbled calculations and diagrams in a notebook after every try. John made shot after shot, getting acquainted with the rifle. At the end of the third day John was able to hit the target with an accuracy of more than 95 percent. They felt confident, that their plan was going to work.
Mycroft blinked, two, three times. His facial features shifted from disbelief, to shock and then relief. After some moments where everyone had frozen in place, he rose from his chair and strode past John towards Sherlock.
Sherlock lowered himself back beside John. He settled his hand above John's. “John, listen to me. The last months were cruel. We were played. Moriarty tried to isolate us. He used our weak points to his advantage. That is his game. But from now on it's us against the world. I don’t care how close we get, as long as we don’t drift apart anymore. I am sorry for leaving you behind, but I had no choice. Moriarty needed us separated. I want to stay at your side now.  Up to the day we met, I used to be alone. The last two months I was alone again. But in the last two years I realized: together is better. You were right: Friends protect friends.”
John took a deep breath. Calmness settled over him. His senses focussed on the target. He took aim and pulled the trigger. A short moment later the prince’s head exploded. The door behind the prince shattered to pieces. Blood splattered onto the balcony and the windows. John kept his aim on the balcony and focussed on Anthea, who had been safe behind the other windows. She looked at the prince and then directly toward John’s direction. John knew that she couldn’t see him in the distance but she knew where they were. Anthea smiled and nodded. Then she vanished into the darkness of the room, smartphone in hand and already sending out messages.
John diagnosed that Sherlock showed certain signs of depression, but he wasn’t surprised by that. This was in line with the exhaustion and the nightmares. But in sum, John was satisfied with what he saw. He had expected a person in much worse shape, after the vague hints Mycroft had given him. Feeding Sherlock up and taking care of his mental health always had been his mission. He just had to double his efforts.
John shook his head, slightly embarrassed. “I think confession time should be over.” He moved to stand up.
The kitchen had been stocked with food for at least two weeks. Entertainment like television, internet and books were available. Everything had quite a homey feeling to it. All they had to do now was waiting for Mycroft to contact them.
"You are partly correct in your assessment. But your sniper is dead. It's the man, you are currently investigating. We know about the other two but I don't have the resources at the moment to take care of them. That is the reason, why I need your help.”
“He was always fascinated by the armed forces. He couldn’t enlist, because he had a bad knee. So I joined the forces instead because I wanted to make him proud. He died when I was deployed for the first time. I wasn’t able to go to his funeral. But with him dead, some of my reasons to do certain things suddenly didn’t exist anymore. I questioned my motives for being in the army. And I questioned my relationship with Anne, my girlfriend then. I never was a ladies' man, but as a doctor and soldier getting dates wasn’t that difficult. My dad had always pressured me to marry her. I never wanted to.” John struggled to continue.
Almost done :-)
John had finished his shower and pulled on his bathrobe. He re-entered the living room and stopped as soon as he spotted Sherlock on the sofa. He quickly strode toward him and lowered himself beside him. He put his arm gently around Sherlock’s shoulder.
John stared at the bed. Struggling into a sitting position was Sherlock. He looked dishevelled, pale and way too thin. The shirt and pyjamas bottoms were too big on him and made him appear even smaller. Some bruises were visible on his cheekbones, jaw and arms. Disbelief was written on his face.
Greg inspected the phone further. It had a cracked screen. His gut screamed that the phone was important. Besides the crack and the indenture on the corner, where the crack had originated, the phone seemed well cared for: No scratches on the casing, no dust, no fingerprints. The phone was found wrapped into a small plastic bag. Greg suspected that it had belonged to a third party and not to one of the victims. Forensics had already pulled the data from the phone and stored them on the NSY server for analysis, but nobody had had the time to look through all the data. NSY had too many open cases like burglaries, robberies, kidnappings, drug busts and homicides, that the case of two homeless men was a low priority. In the last two months there was a significant rise in criminal action. Greg refused to connect Sherlock’s suicide with that even if he didn't believe in coincidences.
John sat up and lowered his hands on Sherlock's pants. He tentatively stroked Sherlock’s erection through the material, watching him intently. John still felt a little bit unsure, because his previous sex life had not prepared him for this. It was like being a virgin again. But he was eager to rectify that. There was so much to explore.
“After all the stress in the last weeks, how about some nice dinner? There is this new posh vintage restaurant...”
Greg straightened up and went to the middle of the office space. Most of his people were present.
Molly also wanted to return the Taser to John. She had been startled when a woman in ragged clothes had approached her in front of the hospital and had given her a badly wrapped package almost two weeks ago. John had told her via a message in the forum, that she would receive a package, but he hadn’t specified how. She had been grateful, that he wanted her to have a mode of protection but she wasn't really comfortable with carrying a weapon. And now with everything over, she had no need for it any more.
John and Sherlock greeted each other with a hug. Greg just grinned and asked Molly and Sally for details about Moriarty. Everybody seemed to be talking at once.
John took a deep breath and released it. “Before my injury in Afghanistan, I was very,” John halted, searching for a good word, “open with sex. I had a lot of casual relationships and very few serious ones. It was a lot of fun and I loved it. But part of the lifestyle I lived wasn’t exactly healthy. Some of the things I did could have injured me or even damaged my career. And perhaps some things I did just to spite my father and his conservative world view. With the injury of my shoulder and the pain in my leg, I somehow fell into a depression. It felt like a punishment for the things I did, the lifestyle I led. And I probably never really recovered till the last few months. I realized lately that intimacy and sex are important to me. But I made some rules to keep healthy and sane. For example: one partner at a time, with a clear understanding of what everyone expects; no dangerous situations that could lead to injury or deseases; and if possible: I try to keep away from toxic partners like cheaters, addicts or people with extreme kinks.”
Mycroft sat behind a huge desk, papers and files piled high around him. His posture screamed exhaustion. John couldn’t remember if he had ever seen Mycroft in such a state before. Usually the older Holmes always had an impeccable posture. Now Mycroft looked years older and his face was haggard. Stress and worry seemed to find people even in ‘minor positions of the British Government’.
“Do you want to be alone, Sherlock?” John interrupted him.
Mycroft chuckled. “Well, then I must congratulate you. You took care of one of the most wanted killers. The bounties on his head are huge. Almost every western government including some from the Middle East want him dead. There was never a photo nor DNA traces of him. But he has a distinctive custom-made rifle and ammunition. More than 50 kills are ascribed to him.”
Against Sherlock's lips John whispered frantically: “Sherlock, I need you. I don't know if you are amenable, but I want to fuck. I have never done this, but I need -” John stilled against Sherlock and buried his face in Sherlock's neck. He trembled.
Dimmock just nodded, grabbed his coffee and went back to his desk.
Sherlock startled awake hearing the shower come to life. He was groggy, but the panic was no longer there, replaced by a heavy feeling in his chest. He felt gritty and unsocial, but staying in his room would be childish. A glance at his phone told him, that is was half past eight. He would shower as soon as John was done, and then eat some dinner. Perhaps John and his date would join him.
John told Sherlock about his adventures in the last week: how the phone and the recording were found by Lestrade, how he got rid of his and Mrs. Hudson’s surveillance and the sniper and finally how Mycroft sent him here.
John undressed quickly and silently, putting his discarded clothes into the box on the table. After being naked, he pulled the clothes from the bag: Simple cotton pants, vest, a hoodie jacket, jeans, belt, socks and trainers. The clothes were slightly to loose, but the shoes fit perfectly.
They were ready to start at four o'clock in the afternoon. A coiffed Sherlock adorned with simple glasses and freshly dyed hair,  and John with a beard, baseball cap and hoodie: A hipster and a back packer on a road trip, probably matched by a car sharing app. They made quite a pair.
Mycroft spoke up again. “I lost my brother, Dr Watson. Don't believe that I feel indifferent about that. Your hostility toward me may be justified, but you must know, that I deeply regret my involvement and my inability to help him. I hope, you can forgive me and we can work together against the murderer of Sherlock.”
Sherlock was bored. He sat under a tree, trying to read his book and avoiding mosquito bites. He hated Lake Constance. He was forced to accompany his brother and his stupid study buddies on this trip.  Mummy insisted. Mycroft objected. Sherlock protested. Mummy won. In the end Mycroft and his posh friends ignored him. They celebrated the end of their studies as an ongoing party since the end of June. Between the drinking and jumping into the lake, they were discussing philosophy, history, politics, conquests, new jobs and future careers. The bellows of the Russian made him jump. The cackling of the ginger one drove him crazy. The switch in languages – English, French, German, Italian – made him dizzy. Sherlock tried to ignore them. But it was useless. He hated his brain. Everything got stuck there. Every blabber about staying in touch, good old times, brothers in arms, friends for life ... Sherlock's head felt heavy and it sunk towards his book. He tried to concentrate on the hum of the mosquitoes. Perhaps he could avoid a headache this way. It didn't help.
There was a website for veterans on the internet, where he still checked in from time to time to keep in contact with his old comrades: he knew Matt to be active there. John's current account was no use. If he was shadowed by Moriarty’s men, then they would know about that account. So John needed to create a new one. For that, he also needed a new e-mail account. From now on, he would use the name William Miller for his internet transactions. Common names were brilliant in internet searches, if you don’t want to be found.
