As I sat on the worn leather seat and situated myself behind the wheel, I heard the crackle of radio static coming from the backseat.
Holding up a finger, she rushed over to the x-ray display and switched on the backlight. As she put up each image she continued, “The family won’t let me perform an exploratory autopsy, but that didn’t mean I couldn’t still examine her bones using other means.”
Dean glanced worriedly at Sam knowing that his little brother wouldn’t be able to tell based on scent. The older Winchester was glad that Sam had eyes though. Looking at her crazed expression and the dark spray of blood across the white dress she wore – even from this distance – you could tell something was wrong.
“With a strong scent like that, how did you get stuck in this Podunk town?” the Winchester asked, slightly breathless. “You fuck the wrong person or something?”
Not my most favorite past time. Especially not when there were so many things out in the wilderness that went bump in the night.
The pair peered at the papers for a while, trying to figure out what the random murders meant. She was killing indiscriminately.
Relief flooded his features, bringing a bit of color back to his face. Eager to take any excuse to leave, he squeaked to one of his coworkers that he would be back in the back room for a few minutes. The look of betrayal she shot him made even my blood run a little cold.
Both got to their feet with difficulty but shuffled off with little more than a few fading whimpers. Mood now tense and heavy, I mentally checked on my pistol tucked into my waistband and followed after Sammy’s tense shoulders as he traced the trail of blood past the tree line. It wasn’t easy. It quickly turned sporadic, then unpredictable, and eventually disappeared.
The aftermath of what happened in Diablo comes crashing down around the older Winchester's shoulders.
Despite my genius attempt at encouragement he didn't look diffused at all. In an attempt at keeping my nerves in check I swallowed and said more seriously, "C'mon, go. I've got firepower if I need it."
I turned the ignition and listened to the Impala roar to life. Still satisfying. The radio came on loud and clear. Kansas’ Carry on Wayward Son started up.
His hand stilled and retracted, leaving Dean panting, chasing the feeling that was suddenly withdrawn from him. Their eyes met, and Castiel saw the silent question there. In answer, he reached up and pressed two fingers against Dean’s forehead. In a second, angelic power chased through the human’s body and removed the alcohol from his system. Castiel held his breath as he watched the clarity return to Dean’s eyes.
, 1880. There was more. Something about a Mr. Andrew Carey going missing. But Dean slapped down another paper from even further back in April. More and more missing persons cases going back to February 1878, about a dozen over the last two years. One of the clippings mentioned a bounty issued by the Sherriff in a place called Moores Flat.
We stayed late into the night trying to find anything on how to defeat a Tikbalang and came up with jack. Nothing aside from turning your shirt inside out and asking politely to pass through the forest. Which I found hilarious but not helpful. Sometime around midnight we packed up, paid the bill, and headed back to the campground.
Even though the other was currently slouching in the rickety wooden chair across the table, Dean could tell that he was easily a foot taller than the old man and at least thirty pounds heavier. Not to mention a good twenty years younger. It wasn’t like the oldest Winchester was worried about it. Checking out the people in a room came as more a force of habit now that he had to consider what it meant being an Omega. In answer, Dean pulled out a chair opposite and raised his brows, asking quietly if he could sit.
“Like the banshee that took away my hearing when I was a baby or something like that.” She said, her hands signing excitedly.
Agreed. Hopefully we could figure out what was going on before more innocent people started getting taken. Sam snatched his backpack up from next to him and started toward the Impala, calling over his shoulder, “If we go now, we could do a little bit of research at the bar before heading over to the trail.”
“Give me your matches, Dean.” Sam repeated, his voice commanding. Neither paid much attention to how the words trembled a little.
Castiel moved so he was more securely between Dean’s legs and rolled his hips. This time Dean could not hold back from moaning. Something about Castiel taking charge was turning him on more than he thought it would. Cas continued playing with Dean’s now pert nipples before pulling back to admire the sight below him. He still couldn’t quite believe what was happening.
"I guess that explains why there are such tiny-ass towns in the ass-crack of nowhere," I said thoughtfully, removing the pump from the gas intake. Screwing in the cap, I continued, “Okay, so the only thing we got is a handful of recently missing people. We should head to the motel in Diablo and get our research in order before questioning the locals.”
“Ordinarily I would be able to,” Cas grumbled. “But the spell on him…the magic is unpredictable. I may end up hurting him more.”
The boys make their way south toward Ashland, Oregon to investigate two deaths shrouded in mystery. The three focus on doing what they do best, but when something happens to Sam, will Dean confront his feelings for Castiel that were shown to him back in Diablo?
Sam adjusts to life as a doggo. Dean struggles with the fact that he doesn't have Sam as a middle man to deal with Castiel anymore.
Running his palm along Baby’s neck, Dean thought carefully about his next words. Eventually he mumbled, “Sammy, if he’s not dead already…he’s in real trouble.”
Digging around in his pocket for a moment, he withdrew a small leather pouch. Opening it, he showed Sam the cluster of roots inside. Pulling one out, Dean held it up for inspection and explained, “Chew one of these and it masks your scent.”
Either choosing to ignore my sudden change, or not noticing it at all, Sam continued, “An old contact of Dad’s called last night. Said there was something weird going on in Ashland, Oregon. Could use the backup on this one if you’re interested.”
The Tikbalang was even more frightening in person. When Sam had read the descriptor ‘half man half horse’ all I could think of was a bipedal centaur. Not too scary. But this…was awful. Ten-foot-tall, long stringy black hair, with the face of a wild horse. Spittle foamed and spilled out from the corners of its mouth as it bared sharp fangs. Wet nostrils flared with each deep breath. I could see its ribs and every joint under its taut, pale, hairless, grey skin. It stamped its cloven feet in agitation as it clutched Castiel’s waist tighter. He choked in response, trying and failing not to move too much. Blood trickled down from his neck as the razor-sharp points jabbed into his throat.
She snarled, eyes flashing with Beta power as she pulled a pair of handcuffs from her side. Dean shuddered at the sight, surprising himself. He took the root earlier, so her influence shouldn’t have such an effect on him, unless…
Working on some kind of instinct, he reached over, lightly patting the top of my head with the palm of his hand. His skin felt rough against my fur, but not in a bad way. It tugged lightly on my ears, giving me the warm feeling of being looked after; comfort. It reminded me of when I was younger – smaller. Dean would always hold me, get me anything I needed if I was sick. Once puberty hit of course, I told him to quit mothering me.
For a moment we all stood regarding each other tensely. Eventually, Helena let out an exasperated breath and rushed into the kitchen. Ivan reached out instinctually to stop her, but she blew right past him and sat shakily in one of the chairs next to Cas and Dean. I followed her, fixated on the strong feelings she was giving off.
I barked a ‘no’ again, the growl spreading from my throat down to my chest. It reminded me that my body was not quite my own. Worry crept up through the cracks in my stubbornness and I considered doing what Dean wanted.
His face remained blank, but he gave me a tiny nod. I didn’t think much about it. My head was too full of Sam back at the morgue getting stitched up. We needed to find a spell to reverse whatever was done to him. And if we couldn’t find one, then we needed the druid alive. Which was never a good idea. Or easy.
“Mr. Moore? Miss Moore?” he called, removing his coat and hanging it on the hook next to the door. “Anyone home?”
A high-pitched whine reached my ears. I snapped my gun and flashlight in the direction of the sound and noted the trail of blood that went in the same direction. Ready for a trap, I slowly made my way toward it. When I came around the corner, the light illuminated a shelving unit full of crates and other knickknacks, and stuffed between a replica crown and a box full of pulleys was a Cocker Spaniel, trembling.
It was at that moment that I realized we’d been sitting in the shadow of the Roadhouse. But all that fell away as I focused on my heart pounding in my ears. Slowly, I turned and caught sight of the person I’d waited so long to see. He looked exactly how I remembered him, trench coat and all, but somehow better. His blue eyes caught the light even from here. He smiled stoically.
Still not wanting to admit what was happening, Dean dutifully unsaddled and brushed down the horses. Sweat dampened his skin, his legs and arms trembled weakly. With a huff, he sank onto his bedroll. Looking around, he saw sign of Sam.
One day, while my brother and I sat on the porch watching the sun set, I realized that we’d done it. Against all odds. We’d had long and happy lives.
his family was so intricately woven into was dangerous. One of the last hunts that Sam went on before leaving, Dean had gotten hurt pretty bad. A stray bullet caught him in the shoulder. A few more inches down and it would have hit his heart and he would have been dead before he hit the ground.
I watched as the smaller man’s eyes softened slightly around the edges. I noted his hand slowly forming a fist at his side, but he stayed quiet. Now he was giving me the silent treatment too? I thought I was going to be able to keep my nose out of it like I figured Dean would want, but seeing this, there's no way that was an option anymore.
“You – you mean the poltergeist?” she asked incredulously, meeting my gaze. “I was – I was only like, eight. I barely remember –”
Turning the ignition in the Impala, I waited for the familiar roar of the engine before answering, “Dean is the type to need space when he’s…
“What do you mean?” Sam asked, brows nearly touching in the center of his face as he wondered what this mortician was talking about.
Pushing the Deputy to the side, the Sherriff opened the journal and slammed it up where Dean’s face had been moments before. Breathing heavily, Dean peered at the worn pages and saw his name clearly written next to a series of numbers: 39 104. The blonde was careful to keep his expression neutral.
“Huh, well that would explain why the Tikbalang has suddenly become homicidal. Someone must have gotten the spine.”
I didn’t want to admit it, but it felt good hearing him say that. Comforting. Like he knew for sure and there was no doubt we would get him changed into a human. Since when had he been so self-assured? I mean, he’d always followed Sam and me around. He chose us. But he’d always struggled with finding his own identity. Now though, he was sounding like a person. Not some feathered dick with pre-programed feelings that trailed after us like a lost puppy.
Sam seemed reluctant to let me leave. I could see the unsaid conversation hanging between us. Stuff that we should have talked about before we even made it to Ashland. And worries about what I might find in Louisiana.
“That creature was wrong,” he said earnestly, blue eyes seeking out my own. “The people who choose to help you, do it willingly.”
Careful not to move too quickly, I slipped into the room and padded over to Ivan. Setting the gun on the ground next to his hand, I glanced at the druid before turning back to him. I couldn’t tell if he was breathing, his chest looked still. Worry settled in my gut. Instinct took over and I started licking him on the face.
She remained lax and unresponsive. I noted the bowl of crushed herbs and other mystery ingredients at Maggie’s side. Definitely a witch, then. And whoever they were they weren’t around. I stowed my gun, reaching down to pick up Maggie and carry her to safety. I’d just gotten my hands on the woman’s arms when an explosion of pain erupted from the back of my head. My vision whited out for just a moment before I was able to push up from the ground and whirl around.
Months went by and we fell into a groove. Sam took up the role of coordinator and researcher. Not to say that he didn’t get out with Eileen or me on hunts. But he was a natural born leader. People, including me, looked to him for advice on everything from lore to interrogation techniques. Miracle came with me on a couple hunts. Came in handy when I went up against a Drekavac in Ohio.
“It’s like the Lord of the Rings out here!” I grinned, spinning on my heel so I could get a full panoramic view of the surrounding wildlife.
Sam had no idea what to think. I could see the gears in his brain turning as he tried to piece together how the Empty got there when Death was literally knocking on the door. A vision of Cas’ smiling, tearful face flashed in front of my eyes yet again and I felt my heart beat sluggishly around the dagger that was that memory.
“Right, so back in the day, my Dad helped out a family in Peoria, Illinois with a poltergeist problem.” I explained, watching Cas’ sad expression slowly neutralize as I did. “The family’s oldest daughter Helena was the one who called. She just took the mortician position in Ashland. Said that a couple bodies were brought in that, according to her, are ‘our kind of weird’.”
Unfortunately, Sam didn’t notice the twinkle of pride in the corner of his brother’s eye. Instead, he turned away and asked gruffly, “We got an accord?”
Working quickly, the three of them started fastening their gun belts to their hips. Glancing at Dean the Sherriff asked, “You gotta use the pot?”
I growled, leaping at her before she could cast a spell. Dean cried out, wondering what I was doing. Gertie tried closing the door on us, but I managed to slip through before it shut.
Immediately Dean felt like he was a general and Cas was one of his soldiers following blindly. But then, the angel’s eyes caught the hunter’s and held his gaze. In them, Dean could see the seriousness. He wasn’t just saying that because he was doing what he thought Dean wanted. He genuinely cared.
The loud crack of gunfire came from the direction they’d left Dean and the other bandits. All five looked in that direction. After a moment, Constance stood, pointed at one of the men and ordered, “Go see what’s makin’ all that ruckus.”
“Yes,” Castiel answered, voice deep with emotion. “The parts of himself that he is most ashamed of were laid bare before him.”
Sure, it had been the yellow eyed demon Azazel’s lackey. And yeah, it had all been part of an elaborate plot to drive Sam back to hunting. But I had never let go of that small part of me that said I was to blame. After all, I was the one that came and asked for help finding Dad. Hell, Jess didn’t even want him to go. She was worried about that interview of his. It was a miracle Sam didn’t hold that more over my head. He should. Had every right to.
Instead, he tugged his blanket free and wrapped it around his shoulders. It wasn’t ideal nesting, but it was better than nothing. All he needed was to get Pa and they could all leave this terrible place behind. Dean hauled himself into his saddle. Sam thought he should ask if his brother was okay, but he kept his mouth shut, not wanting to further jeopardize their rocky relationship.
To distract him I asked, “What are we gonna do about Sam and Maggie now that we don’t have a druid?”
I raised my brow and glanced over at him. He was being serious. His blue eyes, now as bright as gems in the light, flicked up to meet my own.
As the engine roared to life, I gripped the steering wheel and answered determinedly, “We’re going to need
Glancing unsurely between everyone gathered, Ivan leaned closer and studied the screen. Pointing at the bottom corner he said, “There’s a partial license plate.”
After a few moments, Sam shook his head with disappointment and said, "Let's go back to the bar for some more research."
The front door burst open in a shower of splinters as Dean kicked it in. Gertie staggered back, shouting the same words again as she reeled away. A potted tree suddenly sprouted what looked like arms and snatched up Dean. He was lifted into the air like he weighed nothing more than a feather. Letting out a small grunt of surprise, he tried to struggle, but I could hear the creak of wood as the tree started crushing my brother’s ribs. His gun clattered to the ground as he cried out in pain.
“It was so messed up without you,” he murmured, grip tightening on Castiel’s coat. “I thought I’d never…never get to tell you…”
“I get it,” I said, abandoning my laptop to give him my full attention. “We always say we’ll deal with it later and we never do.”
I tried thinking of something else to say. Something to comfort him. To let him know that it would be different this time. But even I wasn’t sure. Dean wasn’t doing well. Whatever had gone down had him really freaked. I took in a deep breath and said, “Listen, I’m worried too, but there’s not a lot we can do about it if he doesn’t want to talk.”
Once I was settled, he followed suit. I froze as soon as I realized what he thought I’d been asking. Stammering in embarrassment, I tried explaining that it was a misunderstanding, but he hushed me by settling back against the pillows. My lips slammed shut as my heart started hammering in my chest.
Reaching out, he took hold of the handle of the closed door. Taking in a steadying breath, which was a bad idea, he argued with the fear trying to control his body. The smell came again, staining the inside of his nose. It was one of those smells that would linger for hours. Horrific. Unable to stand it any longer, he forced his hand to push down on the handle. The doors fell open effortlessly.
The Empty stood huffing and glaring in Jack’s direction before all the fight seemed to seep out of her. A regal chair materialized at her back and she collapsed into it. Closing her eyes like it pained her to keep them open she muttered, “I want to sleep. And stay asleep. I like it that way.”
The Deputy peered around at all the faces in the room before pointing back to the door and answering, “Folks heard gunshots and spotted a fire out by the Guthrie house.”
“Took nearly ‘til sun up for them to climb up here. Most of ‘em saw the spotlight, two got me on the radio after I…after I lost touch with the first young man.” She explained, taking a deep breath. Not meeting our eyes any more, she nudged the loose dirt with her heavy boot and continued, “They told me the first one to go missin’ was a friend of theirs named Carly. Said she had been actin’ funny. Got even weirder once they started drinkin’ at their campsite.”
He sauntered off back to his wall. The others started chiming in, but all Sam wanted was to get Dean away so he could get some answers. Gripping his brother by the elbow, Sam strode purposefully to the end of the porch and made a sharp right into the nearby alley. Whoops and hollers followed after them, clearly thinking Sam was about to assert his authority over his Omega after getting riled up by jealousy. They looped around back so no one could hear them.
We slipped backstage, heading deeper into the labyrinth. As we walked, the cramped spaces became less and less populated and darker.
Peering over his shoulder at the tower as if he thought Isadora may be right behind us, he answered, “Not a lot. Said after she got separated from Gavin, she found Carly. Dead. Tied up in a tree in some sort of weird branch cocoon.”
“Found her in the woods nearby after a couple campers called in about hearing someone screaming.” He said with a concerning amount of brevity, like he’s seen too much of this horror over the last few days to last him for a lifetime. “I need to take her to the clinic, got a nasty wound. Looks like it might be a wild animal. Big one.”
Keeping my head down and my hands stuffed deep into my pockets I stalked across the parking lot to Baby sitting in the shade of two large pine trees. I stared down at the dusty orange needles that had died and fallen, lodging themselves under Baby’s wind shield wipers. Normally I would want to clean it up, make her presentable. But as of now normal had disappeared.
It didn’t escape Dean’s notice that the man hesitated. Without waiting for the man to convince himself not to talk, Dean leant forward and topped off the man’s glass. They shared another drink. Wiping at his mouth Joseph continued, “Not as much. She was a wild sort. Didn’t much like being cooped up at home with the children.”
“Our prison break theme song,” I muttered distractedly, reaching far under a pile of forgotten shirts.
Dean glowered as Sam came up. The taller of the two instantly noticed the slightly unsteady nature of the other’s stance and asked incredulously, “Are you drunk?”
A cold hand suddenly clamped down on my forearm, tugging me closer. I fought weakly as I looked into Sam’s face as he said, “
It was a surprisingly calm and clear night despite the wind that had kicked up earlier. I didn't go very far. I knew better than to wander off alone at night with a Tikbalang on the loose. So, after about a minute of limping, I huffed and sat down in the dirt.
The older Winchester groaned at the sudden assault on his sensitive ears but grumbled his acknowledgment.
Panic shot through me like a bullet. I didn’t want to be alone. I shot up out of bed and called, “Wait!”
I thought disappointedly, staggering under the weight of the bigger dog’s paw as she swatted at me playfully.
Damn angel killing my buzz. I reached for the half empty bottle of cheap liquor store Louisiana Blue, hoping to drown out the feather-brained nut, but at the last moment felt it tugged out from under my fingertips. Uttering a grunt of indignation, I followed the bottle with my eyes to Cas’ side. His figure seemed to be doing a sort of bending back and forth motion like he was standing on the deck of a boat. Not of his own volition of course. I imagined my blood toxicity level had something to do with it. Immediately I felt my stomach lurch as the acrid taste of bile boiled up the back of my throat. I braced myself against the stained, second hand table as I muscled the vomit back down.
He really hadn’t changed in all the time Sam had been away. Even now that he was Omega. Sam let out a sigh. After all, he supposed he hadn’t really changed that much either. Or at least…he hoped he hadn’t.
Taking a large bite out of my double bacon and egg burger I muttered in agreement, “Yeah that does sound like a song we tap to.”
Cold air ghosted over my exposed skin, chilling me. I cracked open my eyes in confusion and looked around the room. The pastel blue walls of Helena’s guestroom were gone. I wasn’t even in a room anymore. Thick tree trunks surrounded the clearing, disappearing into the inky black. My breathing picked up as I spun around. I was in the forest back in Washington.
“Yeah, I mean, like she was having an acid flashback or something. Back in her freshman year she used to go out with a crew and trip out on shrooms a lot, so I figured she must have done other stuff too. She’s always been really hardcore but stopped all that this year. We uh…we’re both in the same pre-dentistry program…”
“I do. When we got you out of the Empty, I wanted to tell you then, but that didn’t really work out.” I huffed. “I’ve waited thirty-eight years to tell you that I – no, wait, longer. Hold on…crap, whatever.”
. Small towns like this, everyone knew everyone and soon dirty laundry was aired for all to see. As far as anyone would know for now, they were just two drifters passing through on their way to the frontier. Catching Sam’s eye, Dean jerked his head toward a nearby hitching post. Following his brother’s lead, Sam steered his horse toward it.
In an effort to keep his cool, he covered his face with an arm and grumbled, “Don’t just stare, man. Do something.”
Her fist collided with Dean’s jaw, making stars explode behind his eyelids. He nearly spun in a full circle as he went down. Dirt and dry grass exploded up from the ground as he collapsed face first. Coughing, he tasted the warm tang of iron on his tongue.
Thankfully it seemed to work, and the people following them lost interest and dispersed. None in their group seemed to notice Sam’s sudden bristling. The sanctity of the evening had been preserved. After a beat, one of the other men in the small group caught Sam’s eye as they approached the saloon doors and waggled his eyebrows. Heat rose into Sam’s cheeks, but he smiled back all the same. Of course, Brady noticed; they were good friends after all.
It wasn’t until I finally found the back door that Joel had mentioned that I saw anything. A small work table had been overturned, scattering tools and paint brushes across the floor. On a nearby plywood scene of a snowy forest there was a small arch of blood and more droplets on the ground.
If the angel hadn’t been eerily still before, he certainly was now. His body tensed and he cast his eyes away, off in the direction Dean had disappeared. Despite wanting to order him to tell me, I allowed him a grace period.
“She went out on a coffee run for all the set builders almost two hours ago.” He explained hurriedly. “The coffee place is only fifteen minutes away on foot, tops. It shouldn’t take that long to get coffee even on a busy day.”
Sam caught sight of Dean emerging from the woods close by, two pistols raised. His clothes were a mess and covered in fresh blood. Despite walking like he was drunk, there was a fire in his eyes.
Finally, I heard Bobby call from the Roadhouse door, “If you two idjits have finally stopped blubbering all over each other – I need you to go get your car, pick up some folks and bring ‘em back here. Dinner’ll be ready soon.”
Cas finally met my gaze again, the lost look in his eyes pulling at a place deep in my chest. I knew full well what he meant about the loyalty. Dean had never said as much himself, but I could see it in his face when he thought no one was paying attention. Hell, sometimes I thought so too. We had dragged an angel down from heaven, away from family, away from paradise.
Somehow my hands had drifted up and now rested on either side of his face. When we’d been alive together neither of us had ever been very touchy-feely. Punching each other certainly didn’t count. So, feeling his skin against mine now was sending shivers of excitement all through my body. I was so busy drinking in everything about him that I didn’t notice he hadn’t said anything.
I barked, sprinting past Castiel toward Gertie’s legs. Her chant was cut short as my teeth sunk into the meat of her calf.
For a moment, the angel didn’t move. Dean shifted awkwardly under the unbroken gaze, glancing around before settling once again on the intense blue of Castiel’s eyes. Still without speaking, the dark-haired man calmly strode across the room, and laid his jackets at the foot of the bed. Then, he strode around to the other side and pulled down the covers.
I nodded hollowly, watching as he took both my shirt at the vomit filled bin out of the room. I listened for the sound of his footsteps the whole time, still dreading that I would suddenly find myself in the forest or face-to-face with a burning loved one. When he came back, I let out the breath I’d been holding.
Without a word or a touch, he and my brother left. When they were gone, I opened my eyes, staring up at the ceiling as my hand tested my ribs. He’d healed me enough that the sharpness had been taken out of the pain. Like I’d just spent a week in bed resting properly. Now it only ached.
I might take a bit to start uploading part three since I haven't written anything down yet. I have it planned out!
“Finally!” A thickly southern accented voice cried on the other end. “You know how many people’s asses I had to kiss to get your new number, Dean Winchester?!”
…” I muttered sarcastically under my breath, reaching out and scooping up Sam as delicately as possible. “Cas, grab Maggie and let’s go.”
“Y-yeah, but you – you can get him out.” Sam said, glancing between me and Jack. “I mean, Lucifer –”
The windows of the house were dark. Sam’s boots crunched on the loose dirt under his feet as he begrudgingly walked toward it in front of the Woman in White and three of her posse. Their horses stopped. Sam looked back at the bandits and saw them staring at Constance with sadness in their eyes. So, they knew what Sam found out from Joseph.
For a moment, his statement had the desired effect of surprise. And then I remembered the girl from Bellingham that Floyd had spoken about.
Flushed cheeks drained of color as the seconds ticked on. Dean licked his lips and muttered gruffly, “What’re you waiting for?”
“Thanks man,” I said, reaching over and patting Eddie on the shoulder. Reaching into my pocket, I slipped the card with my phone number on it out and slid it across the table. “Call if you come up with anything else. Good luck out there.”
I started explaining hurriedly that he didn’t need to do that, thinking that even if it was uncomfortable it would give me some time to process; hide from him for a while. Ignoring me however, he reached down and pressed two fingers between the mattress and my forehead. Instantly, the hangover dissipated. My shoulders untensed.
Dean shook his head and cut off Helena before she could speak again, “If we get the police involved with this information, they’ll stick their noses where they don’t belong. At worse they’ll alert the druid before we can gank them, a bunch of innocent cops die, and we lose our chance at getting a reverse dog spell for Sam. At best they’ll alert the druid, get turned into dogs or rocks, and we lose the reverse spell.”
“Damn the dam!” she suddenly yelled, cutting him off. “Stop the slaughter of unique ecosystems now!”
At the end, Ivan ran a shaking hand over his pale face and sat heavily in a nearby chair. Glancing up at Helena he asked incredulously, “He’s not lying, is he?”
Never mind that his body must feel as though every touch was an assault to the senses, Dean would power through. Sam bit his lip, avoiding looking at his brother’s hunched and trembling form. He cast around his mind for what he could do to help.
Her sign nearly grazed my cheek as she raised it up. Which pissed me off. Ignoring Sam’s warning, I reached up and snatched the sign out of her hands. Hackles raising, she turned on me. I didn’t give her a chance to speak however.
It had to be witches. It was the only way to explain the sigils and the transformations. But why kill them?
Castiel and Sam were waiting down in the kitchen when I staggered in, rubbing the sleep from my eyes. Sam lay on Cas’ lap, head resting comfortably on his knees. When I entered, Sam’s ears perked up and he opened his eyes.
I ran a hand through my hair in an effort to calm down, casting my eyes around the room at anything and everything. Why did I drink so damn much? After a moment of silence, Cas slid closer across the linoleum. I fought the urge to back up, and instead turned to face him.
I don't know how long I sat there for, clutching my gun and scanning the surrounding area. Most of it was spent in tense silence. The wind was starting to pick up. Pine needles and errant leaves came cascading down from the darkening sky as the trees began to sway. A faint voice came over the wind.
, I thought to myself, shaking my head. One second, I’m avoiding Cas, the next I’m arguing with myself to talk to him, the next I’m trying to run away.
“Can’t you see you’re barking up the wrong tree Clarabelle?” a young man leaning against the wall close by asked with a sudden over exaggerated gasp. “This man’s escorting an Omega. That’s more fulfilling than spending any amount of time with the likes of us.”
“What is it Driscoll?” the Sherriff asked, his energy flaring again, this time in annoyance and concern.
Peering at me from out of the corner of his eye he mumbled, “I thought about what you said last night.”
She got to her feet slowly, eyes never leaving Jack’s as an air of deadly seriousness fell between them. “The angel grace will stay behind with me. He will go directly to heaven, no mortal plane, no collecting two hundred dollars, no passing go. And he will
Before I could stop myself, I licked his fingers. I meant it to be the same kind of sentiment as a pat on the shoulder or back pat. Both of us froze before he grinned stupidly, “Gross.”
Dean had already been through a few. The first one was when John was still around. It had been a shock to them both. Ultimately Dean had to learn to take care of himself on his own. His father hadn’t been very forthcoming about advice. Most recently, after finishing his solo bounty down in New Orleans, Dean had had to hunker down in an abandoned cabin for a few days eating way too much plumb weed and…taking care of himself. With his hands trapped above his head like they were now, he wouldn’t be able to alleviate any of the urges that were about to wash over him.
Judging by their pallid faces, I could tell we would need to be extra sensitive with them when we questioned. Enough time had lapsed between the initial attack and now that I figured shock would have settled and at least one or two wouldn’t even be willing or able to speak. The three of us dismounted. One young man wearing trendy pastel shorts that accented his muscled legs came running over and threw his arms around Eddie in a desperate embrace.
Releasing a heavy sigh, I gave him one last pat on the shoulder before muttering, “We make sure he doesn’t go and do something stupid.”
I'm having a blast writing this! More so than I thought I would! We'll get into the shmexy stuff soon, I promise! (I get so embarassed when I write that stuff ;p)But I'm curious what you think about Dean being an Omega! I've seen him as an Alpha in other stories, but I felt like him being an Omega worked better for the narrative I was going for. (Here's lookin' at you reader123)
Warmth spreads across my chest as I look around at the hunters. Sam’s gaze catches my attention and I see a genuine smile spread across his face. He didn’t need to – I knew he would come with me – but he also called out, “For family.”
We left him in the Impala’s dust and headed for the closest town. Life sprang back into existence around us. People laughing, talking, going about their days like nothing had happened. The beige dog from before bounded down the street happily. I knelt and let the little guy run into my arms as I thought back to when I’d first seen him.
After a few moments of much needed laughter, we got serious. I watched as the pair of them sprinted into the bunker before turning to the others sitting exhausted around the garage. Raising my voice and pushing through the pain of having to use it I called, “Listen up, I’m going in alone! Anyone else gets pushed out tell them not to go back in.”
He lobbed the lantern over his head, roaring in pain and anguish. The scream tore at his throat as glass smashed against the body parts littering the wood floor, exploding oil and flames. The bodies ignited. Angrily, the fire swelled, moving to engulf the base of the wall to climb higher.
He was right. Walking was still a bit difficult. So, while Dean finished cooking and Cas quickly skimmed through footage, I trotted around the first floor. Even Helena joined in after calling the office to take a sick day, giving me pointers and tasks to complete. When I felt all four of my legs were finally getting in sync, I heard Dean start dishing out the food.
Suddenly Meg’s haggard face was in my own, her lips pulled back in a snarl and her eyes wild. I staggered back as she screeched, “Leave you pathetic, stinking ape!”
Those unknown horrors that I’d fought against my whole life were finally going to get me. I wanted to see Mom. The overwhelming sound of her dying scream rose up from the darkness around me to bounce around in my head. I dropped to my knees, pressing my palms against my ears in an effort to shut it out as I curled inward like a child. I wanted to tell her how sorry I was.
He made a sort of quiet acknowledgement before picking up one of the ancient monster manuals and stuffing his nose inside. Subtly I started unclenching my tense body. But it was difficult. All I could think about now was Jess. Even after all these years, a small part of me still felt like her getting killed was my fault.
Surprise flitted across her freckled face. We faced off in silence, ignoring the curious looks of the passersby around us.
I held out my hand to my brother, looking for confirmation that he did in fact want to come along on this crazy rescue mission. He looked at it for a moment before glancing over his shoulder at Eileen. Her soulful brown eyes glittered with acceptance and excitement. Her slender fingers found mine even before Sam’s did.
After my grand speech, I laid out exactly what we were going to be doing. Putting together contraptions that would make as much noise as possible after going in through the portal that Jack would open for us; Blaze of Glory style. Jack and God both had mentioned how upset the Empty was that it had gotten “so loud”. If it wanted to rest, it would have to give me what I wanted to do so.
The tip of his dagger slid into my gut, enough to be painful, but not enough to do any real damage. I whimpered as his grip tightened and he hissed, “
They set off down the main road in the direction of the local saloon. Sam tipped his hat for a couple Omegas and their chaperone as they passed, earning a respectful bob of their head in return. Dean kept his hat low and adjusted the kerchief around his neck. He never was one for towns, but in the years since Sam had been gone, it seemed he’d gotten even worse. Sam glanced at him curiously.
Resting his forearms on his knees, Floyd asked, “So powers-be finally got you boys on this now, huh?”
My eyes widened. Helena nodded knowingly, snapping a pair of gloves on and striding back to Gail’s body. With a surprising amount of strength, she tilted the body up so we could get a better look at the girl’s back. More bruising and cuts painted an ugly picture of her death. Pointing at the base of her spine Helena said, “It’s hard to see due to the discoloration, but it’s there. And look at this…”
“Thanks Cas,” I mumbled, clearing my throat as I scooted away from him. My inner thoughts beginning to spiral down once more.
Pointing at the bottom corner of the shot, Castiel said, “But Sam’s encounter did give us something.”
Meeting Sam on the front porch, our mutual expressions of disappointment were enough that words were not needed. Silently we made our way to the car and headed off in the direction of the visitor center, which by the way was annoyingly twenty minutes back the way we came from in Newhalem. When we did get there, the parking lot was surprisingly full. Multiple groups of tourists and hikers were jammed inside, asking about the trails and history of the area. An attractive red-head wearing the shortest of shorts (impractical but oh so sexy) looked me up and down as we passed through the glass doors at the front. I smirked and waggled my brows victoriously at Sam (to which he rolled his eyes).
Something in the man’s demeanor shifted. Like he wasn’t asking, but telling. Sam bristled, unable to feel the effect the low-ranking Beta was having on Dean, but well-able enough to know what must be going on.
The oldest Winchester stumbled out of the saloon, the toe of his boot catching on an uneven floorboard as he did. Others around him made comments behind hands but he ignored them. One of the patrons from inside followed him out. As Dean stood blinking in the suddenly bright light the patron slipped behind him, lifting his nose to get a better angle on scenting. As a couple walking arm in arm skirted around the slightly intoxicated Winchester that blocked their path, the mysterious patron left unnoticed, heading up the main thoroughfare toward the jailhouse.
About an hour later we got to Helena’s house. The lights inside were on, glowing clear and bright against the impending night. My gut once again twisted as I thought of Sam. Glancing down the street to make sure we hadn’t been followed, the pair of us knocked on the front door and waited. Helena opened it with enough force to send the wild curls around her face dancing.
A soft whine punctuated my thoughts. Wiping at my eyes I glanced down at the floor next to my bed and saw Miracle laying with his head on his paws looking at me mournfully.
Moonlight from the half-moon filtered down from the sky through the sparse branches of the trees in the area, casting the low-lying brush of the surrounding hills in a cool grey. The pair studied each other, wondering their own separate questions. They were lost enough that the sound of a female voice coming down the lonely dusty road came as a complete shock.
“I showed him where she probably went to get out back. Then he told me to head out front to wait for you. Said something about it being dangerous.”
Sadly, I peered over to her and Sam, noting that her eyes still had that glazed over quality about them. She must have seen what happened to Gavin first hand. Putting my hands in my pockets to try and warm them up a little I asked, “Did you and your brother see anything strange out there? The Firewatcher says Gavin talked about feeling like he was in a maze.”
I could see the deep, almost black flecks in her eyes as they searched mine for an answer. Finally, she licked her lips and nodded her head before muttering hoarsely, “You can stay with me until you figure out who’s doing this.”
The temperature dropped sharply. I could see my breath puffing out in thick, opaque plumes each time I exhaled. The grass and leaves that had been wet with rain water before now crunched under my shoes as they hardened under a thin layer of frost. As I cautiously moved forward, I spotted large cocoon like objects suspended in the high branches around me.
I must have passed out for a brief minute. When I came to, Cas had come back in, sat on the floor, and pulled me into his lap. My first thought was something that my Dad had said once when we were out on a hunt (one of the first he’d brought me on) in the wilderness. It was bone achingly cold at night in the North Dakota wilderness. I’d tried asking him if I could hold onto him, partly because I was freezing, but mostly because I was scared. I’ll never forget how brusque he was as he scolded me for being weak. Only babies, sissy boys, and women
If Sam hadn’t already been gazing out the window of their second story room thinking of Jessica, he may not have heard the commotion from below. Luckily, Dean’s loud voice caught his attention. His stomach dropped when he realized that his brother was being confronted by the law.
I scrambled back. Sam met me and hauled me to my feet as he explained, “This isn’t just any horn. This is one of Joshua’s shofars; one of seven that brought down the walls of Jericho.”
As soon as he’d seen her, Sam knew that he wanted to mate with her. She was beautiful, smart, funny, kind; everything that someone would want in a pack partner. Jessica said she felt the same. They’d started courting only three months after Sam moved in to the boarding house.
A single tear slipped down his cheek, cutting off the dream he'd been living in. Suddenly he couldn't stand the box touching him any longer. He held it out at arm’s length, like it too was on fire, and dropped it. It clattered across the cobblestone, landing somewhere in the shadows.
Hauling me to my feet he helped prop me against a nearby tree trunk. Re-adjusting the grip on my gun I glanced around for any danger. Both of us were taking up defensive positions wondering what this monster could be. Rustling from some nearby blackberry bushes caught our attention.
He faltered, shooting a glance over his shoulder at her. The look on her face was enough to make me back off. Not that it was intimidating. More like I could feel her hurt and anxiety.
It's a little short, but I got inspired. Hope you all are staying safe out there, see you in the next update! <3
Understandable I supposed. After dragging my inconsolable ass off the mountain and back to Diablo, I fell into shock. I refused to talk, or eat, or move. Sam stuffed me into the back seat of the Impala, packed up all our gear, and took me out of there. The first motel we stayed at was in Sedro-Woolley, a town about an hour and a half from Diablo. When he couldn’t get me to do much besides sleep, he moved me to Bellingham so he could check on the college kids.
“Hold on,” Dean said, raising his hands and taking a step toward the stranger. “Why don’t we just –”
“Sam will be okay,” the dark-haired man muttered, close enough that I felt the vibration run through the short hairs on the back of my neck and down my spine. “Dr. Fuentes will help him; she is a capable human.”
“Dad?!” I called, voice shaking slightly as I was rocketed back to when I held baby Sam in my arms as the house began filling with smoke and flames around us. Dad had been standing over me, pressing the six-month-old into my arms. My heart had been pounding in my chest and for a moment I couldn’t feel my legs to move them.
But that was it. Some days I didn’t even feel close to human anymore. I was detached. Everyone that had gotten close to me had thought that at some point. Even Sam. I looked up at a loss into Castiel’s worry filled eyes, silently telling him that I was sorry I’d gotten him in this situation; one that I always seemed to get him into. As we stared at each other, I saw that he didn’t blame me. He never had. And he never would. My breathing came out fast as my heart rate picked up. No matter what he’d always believed in the good in me, unconditionally. Hell, he spurned heaven for me. But still I couldn’t speak.
Dean stubbornly held back the noise of pleasure in his throat as the angel’s tongue lapped at the surprisingly sensitive flesh. Not many of the women that the blonde stud had been with ever played with his nipples. Those that did found that he enjoyed it very much.
“Here’s your coffee,” the waitress said, cautiously placing two steaming mugs in front of us. “Would you like any creamer?”
“Perhaps the local pet store is cursed?” Cas offered. I could see dozens of options running through his mind, each one more far-fetched than the last.
Nodding, my brother turned on his heel and headed to the lab. The edges of my vision were starting to blur. Never a good sign. Soon I wouldn’t be able to keep my eyes open. It must be the shock finally wearing off.
To give Dean (and us) time to think, I took Cas back up to town and pulled in at the diner. I sent Dean a text saying we’d be waiting for him there.
For a moment, his long arms moved as if he wanted to physically restrain me. They moved back after a moment of thought. He flexed his hands indecisively at his sides. He knew I was right. Innocent people were in danger. There was no time to dick around.
“They said their campsite is down the ridge about eight miles from here toward the east. I hope you don’t mind, but I think I’m going to sit out the search for now…want to get my head in order.”
If the man had any thoughts about the two, he didn’t show it, merely pushed the ledger forward and asked them to sign their names. Sam did, writing down one of his old aliases with not too much of a second thought. He dug around in his pockets for his billfold while Dean signed his own name.
At first Sam couldn’t locate his brother and for one second he wondered if he’d been left behind. But then he heard Dean’s soft voice muttering kind words to Baby from inside the stables. As Sam entered, he noticed his brother’s hand immediately go to his side. His fingers danced over the pistol at his hip, only to freeze when he recognized who entered. Flashing him a grin, Dean smoothly transitioned into hooking his thumb in his belt.
Omega heats are the most pronounced out of the sexes. Some couldn’t even leave their homes during their time because of the effects on their bodies. Dean had heard stories about bloodbaths occurring because of an Omega’s heat. It was a big reason why it was illegal for Omegas to go out alone. Some Betas and Alphas couldn’t keep control of themselves if they got a whiff of a strong scent.
Rain pelted the Impala. A chill ran up my body as a faint breeze ghosted over. I crossed my arms tightly over my chest in an effort to conserve heat. Nestling my head into the space where the car seat met with the window, I muttered for Sam to turn up the heat. Silence. Not just Sam’s lack of response, but the Impala wasn’t running. My eyes shot open.
Fiddling with the keys in my hands I said, “No, not that. Just uh…just thinking about…about how my eyes are getting tired and that means you get to drive the next leg at your grandma speeds.”
“We’re sorry for your loss Mr. Waithe,” Sam said, noting my sudden quiet. “We’ll be out of here as quick as possible. Did your son have any new acquaintances?”
“Nothing good,” I grumbled, feeling a wave of sleepiness come over me as I settled. How much sleep had I gotten over the last few days? Couldn’t remember.
The angel then removed his trench coat and blazer which caught Dean’s attention. The sound of fabric rustling made the human peer out from under his forearm. The erection laying against his stomach pulsed with refreshed desire as he watched Castiel hurriedly undoing his blue tie. Blue eyes noted the green ones watching him. Castiel’s movements slowed as he moved on to the buttons of his shirt.
They stood awkwardly in silence, both struggling with their own personal demons. Eventually Sam made up his mind, patted his brother on the shoulder and strode up the steps to the boarding house.
Jack’s gap-toothed grin widened. Miracle barked from inside the Impala. Sam ran his hands through his hair, unable to stop a smile of his own from turning up the corners of his mouth in disbelief.
As we pulled into the driveway, Jodie opened her front door, stepping out with a big smile on her face. To my surprise, Claire was also there. I half expected her to be off doing a case on her own. When I opened my door, Sam and Maggie went spilling out, making a beeline for our extended family members. Jodie looked mildly concerned at the sight of Sam but that wasn’t quite enough to wipe the welcoming smile from her face.
Still looking unconvinced, he dug into his back pocket and produced one of the walkie talkies that Eddie gave us earlier. Pressing it into my hand he said firmly, "I'll be back as soon as I can."
Dean realized what an embarrassingly quick fight that had been as he heard the sound of hurried footsteps approaching. Trying not to suck in a lungful of dust, he spluttered and peered up at the newcomer. It was the other Deputy, the one that had gone into the hotel looking for Sammy. Dean laughed, coughing slightly as he realized that his brother must have given the guy the slip.
.” I mumbled sarcastically, most of my attention focused on unwrapping my wake-up call. “Most of those hippies up there like to romanticize anything they can since there’s nothing but rain and weed to entertain them. Repressed bastards…”
Cas and I filled Jodie in on everything that had happened in Ashland. She listened intently, careful not to overlook any detail as she brown-bagged some sandwiches. When all was said and done, she asked, “So, Old French, Gaelic, and a dash of druidic magic, huh?”
I turned and saw Castiel. Sam must have messaged him too. I realized at that moment that I had completely forgotten to keep him in the loop, I was so worried about Sam. I gave him a silent look that said I was sorry. But it seemed he understood.
Grinning, Sam obliged, offering a hand to his brother. Dean took it, dusting off his pants with mock irritation.
Once he was gone, I took out my gun and my flashlight and went over to the puddle. It was in fact coffee. The cups and cardboard carrier were close by, scattered across the cement. I went through the stacks systematically, keeping my gun up and ready for anything. When I reached the back door, my hands wavered at the sight of an unconscious woman lying next to the back door. The sickly light from the exit sign cast an eerie green glow across her body. I swept the area for any signs of another person before rushing forward.
Railroad logic. It nearly made me laugh out loud it was so familiar; welcome. But it ended up turning into a sort of strained, mirthless chuckle. It reminded me that I hadn’t slept in over 38 hours. Running a hand over my worn face I muttered, “Yeah…yeah I guess I do.”
“Okay,” he waved his hand, clearing his throat and thinking about how he was going to communicate with me. “Sorry. How about one bark for yes, two for no?”
Gertie’s desperate voice once again surfaced in my mind as she hurried out of sight into the living room. I heard the sound of another dog barking before it whined and fell silent. Gertie emerged, an unconscious Scottish Terrier in her arms. That must be Maggie. I struggled against my bonds, but they only tightened.
Castiel’s chest felt tight. This man, this righteous, good, man, wanted him. Him. A fallen angel. Someone undeserving of that kind of affection.
I saw the look of disapproval on his face, but he didn’t comment. I stepped forward, grabbing Jack’s shoulder, and shook my head. My voice was completely shot. All that came out was a faint, sandpapery squeak. Damnit. Once again, I couldn’t speak when it was important. It seemed like Jack understood though.
“Sorry?” I answered, noticing Cas giving me a questioning look from the other room. I shrugged in response. “Who is this?”
Both Castiel and I gave her the ‘I don’t understand that reference’ face. Blinking she explained, “Powerpuff girls? No? Just me?
Clapping my hands together after a brief pause, I stood and thanked him for the coffee. He followed after me to the doors and said as I stepped out onto the narrow front porch, “I hope you find them. May not like them, but it’s not right to wish harm on another person.”
I closed my eyes in relief. His deep, gravelly voice was like music to my ears. If I was crushing him, he didn’t complain.
I glanced down at the woman. Under her trembling arms and the blood, I could spot some deep gashes running across her abdomen. She had the traumatized thousand-yard stare I’d seen on so many others. Patting Eddie on the shoulder in a comforting manner I mumbled, “Good job, we’ll take it from here.”
“You’re an Omega traveling without a chaperone for one,” the Sherriff interrupted, his dominant powers flaring. “Which means that you can’t be a Marshal. So, impersonation for two. And carrying plumb weed for three. Should I continue?”
“Here,” Dean called grumpily, offering up their father’s journal for inspection. “Pa put down coordinates for us to find.”
The four of them took down the shots in one go. Sam tried hard not to think about the fact that he was a “late-bloomer.” But as the evening wore on and the saloon became more populated with warm bodies, he couldn’t help but dwell on Brady’s words. If he had any hope of presenting as Beta like he wished, he was about one year overdue. If he presented as Omega – which was looking more and more likely – then he would have to quit school. When Jessica presented a few weeks ago, she herself had to withdraw from classes.
I shut my lips tightly as an uncomfortable knot wound deep in the numbed spaces of my gut. Nerves? No. I was a Winchester. I didn’t get nerves. Trying to shrug off the sting of hearing my name said so kindly, I adjusted my position on the warped plastic seat at the measly motel dining room table. The loud and sharp creak that accompanied my movements punctuated the awkward tension left in the air like a hot knife through room temperature butter.
He gave me that sarcastic Sam look of his that was just as recognizable as a dog as it was as a human before huffing and dashing off once again. Wiping the slobber off on my pants, I took a look at the caller ID. Unfamiliar number with a Louisiana area code. Interesting.
“Worth a shot.” I grumbled, once again heading to the kitchen, dead set on getting myself a stiff drink, no matter how much it hurt.
“Right, while you monkey around with that, I’m going to go talk with Floyd. Enjoy yourself, Cast Away.”
The blonde sauntered over to the bedside table where a half-eaten chicken leg lay. Picking it up, he took an experimental sniff and recoiled.
“I didn’t say anything back,” I blurted, my mind pulling up the speech that I’d rehearsed in my head a thousand times for when I’d finally be here to tell him. “When you said you loved me, I didn’t give you an answer.”
“Well it’s a company town, owned by Seattle City Light, same as a lot of them around here actually.” Sam explained, motioning toward the mountains.
I re-did the last two chapters before this one, so they're completely different, just to warn you! So if you haven't read this since my last update, make sure you check that. lol
“It’s not like there’s anything we can do about it right now. If it happens again, I just have to remember to turn my shirt inside out.” I shrugged.
Despite being freaked out, being held like this made me think of when mom, dad, and I slept together in their big bed when they were too tired to tuck me in to my own. Which of course got me thinking about how shitty growing up had been after mom was gone.
That was true. It was always their father trying to harass him with letters. He had been the only one to respect Sam’s wishes. The younger of the two could see the urgency in Dean’s eyes; the way he clenched onto the reigns in his hands. It was unsettling to see him that way.
Panic clamped down around my chest, making every breath painful as I realized that not only was my brother alone, but so was I.
The soft vibration of her voice combined with the feel of her hot breath on his skin sent a tingle down his spine. It settled low in his groin, making it twitch with excitement. He recalled the last time her lips had brushed his skin and desire caused him to suck in a sharp breath. Not bothering to hide the huge grin on his face, he nodded emphatically.
Her mouth shut quickly and her chin began to tremble. Sam gave me one of his looks and I felt the guilt stab into my gut like a sucker punch. She was in pain.
I took off at a jog through the darkness, tripping on hidden roots. Rain started pouring, trickling through the branches. But I didn’t care. As I got closer to the orange glow, my suspicions were confirmed.
It had been years since Sam had last seen his brother, and he hadn’t changed. Still wearing the same faded hat and cocky expression. At his brother’s words, Sam felt a stirring of familiar annoyance deep in his soul. He wasn’t a kid anymore. Without a word, Sam took ahold of Dean’s wrist, slammed the heel of his hand into Dean’s back and forced him to the cobblestone.
“I’m going to bring my car around back,” the witch muttered more to themselves than me. “Don’t go anywhere, okay? I’ll take good care of both of you.”
Eventually I tried to ask awkwardly about it, because I knew I should. But before I got out two words he cut in with a sad smile.
I could have let my mind spiral into darker and darker places, but I reminded myself that we had a job to do.
Letting out a long breath of air, I gave Sam a look before heading toward the gaunt faced college kids. They were scattered around the base of the tower. Five in all, including the guy still clutching onto Eddie in hysterics by the four-wheelers. The muscles in Sam’s jaw worked as he took in the state they were in. One girl in particular sat apart from the others, eyes vacant and staring miles away. A large gash in her knee looked to still be bleeding slightly. My brother went and knelt at her side. Opening the first aid kit from the back of the four-wheeler, he proceeded to address her in a soft quiet voice, telling her his name, that she was safe now, and that he was going to clean her up a bit.
Pulling out a well-worn sepia toned photograph of John Winchester, Dean slid it across the stained table between them. The man picked it up, holding it at arm’s length to counteract his bad eyesight. After careful consideration Joseph nodded, “Yeah, I know him. Came ‘round a while ago. Said he was a newspaper man.”
He said that after I disappeared, he himself had wandered through a maze until he came upon Isadora. She monologued about the Tikbalang. How she’d found it last winter in the Philippines and smuggled it back to Diablo. After the site manager, Jacob broke up with her, she started using the creature to get back at all the people who wronged her. Eventually that evolved into who she deemed unfit to go on living: bastards, flighty party animal college kids, adulterers, abusers, etc. He was held at gun point the whole time, waiting until she was distracted by her own story that he could manage to muscle it away from her. She tried coming at him with a knife in a desperate, last ditch effort, and he shot her dead.
One of its eyes was shut due to a bloody gash over it. Dark red stained his coppery brown fur down the muzzle. When it saw me, its good eye widened and it stood. Wiggling out from the props, I saw the tail wagging. I lowered my gun, disappointment bubbling up. A dog wasn’t going to help me find my brother.
A grin brightened Dean’s features, making him look much younger than his twenty-six years. He clapped Sam on the shoulder, hopped up into his saddle and spurred his horse down the cobblestone street. Sam shook his head, silently hoping that he wouldn’t regret agreeing to help.
“That was an old friend,” I explained, knocking back the last of my drink. “Wants some help with some new kind of monster.”
A crunching, squelching sound followed by a heavy shuddering thud came from nearby. Dead Sam was suddenly gone. Dad and Adam disappeared. The heady smell of tobacco began to dissipate. I hadn’t even registered how strong it was.
The sun beat down intensely, warming the dirt road going through the center of town. It made the smell of horse manure even more intense.
Life seemed to go by in a haze after that. The last monster I’d heard of was a vamp about five years back. Cancer took Eileen. Sam came to live with me, like old times. Miracle III had a litter, but this time I didn’t keep one for myself. Little Dean took up the tradition of keeping a Miracle around. I gave him the Impala the next year.
I nodded in agreement, swallowing my mouthful of burger. With a grin I called, "Hey, you think we'll see Bigfoot up there this time?"
Pinching at his brow like speaking to me was physically paining him he said, “I don’t understand why you won’t just let me heal you.”
Seeing my lack of response, Sam glanced at me out of the corner of his eye before focusing back on the road. His mouth worked as he struggled to speak. Finally, he sighed, “Just…get some rest.”
Whoops and hollers echoed out as they closed in. Dean widened his stance and put up his fists. He wasn’t going down without a fight, that much was for certain.
“Shit, those her kids?” Dean asked, taking up said article that mentioned them. “Maybe after she found out her husband was being unfaithful, she killed them?”
The Winchesters left Jericho as quickly as they could. After recovering their horses, they set out for Stanford. Dean refused to admit that he was in heat. And instead insisted that they move on. Sam tried to argue, “There’s no more plumb weed, and you can barely stay on your saddle. Dean you should –”
Dean sucked in a sharp breath of surprise as Castiel’s hand gently cupped his balls and started rolling them around. The blonde jerked, reaching out the hand that wasn’t busy covering his face blindly until he connected with Cas’ thigh. Digging his dull nails into the fabric of the angel’s dress pants, Dean warned, “Dude, stop, I’m going to cum.”
I shook my head and turned to look in the direction Cas had gone. And there she was, my baby. Looking better than the last time I’d seen her. I whistled appreciatively and headed for the driver’s side. As the pair of us got in, I looked over at Cas and asked, “Is this how you’ve been getting around without your wings?”
“Damnit…” I mumbled thickly, covering my eyes with my arm as the dreaded prickling started in the corners.
The Deputy that the older Winchester pissed off earlier on the bridge was among the group. As she closed in, she called back, “Where’s your partner,
It took all of Dean’s strength to drag his brother bodily from the room. The last thing Sam saw before disappearing around the corner was the fire emanating from the ceiling behind Jessica’s body, her beautiful golden hair burning away as her skin blackened.
“I don’t know how to explain.” I settled on truth. “What happened in Diablo really fucked with me, and now I can’t stop thinking about what the monster said.”
It looked like Ivan wanted to argue, but Helena’s hand on his shoulder stopped him. Instead, he motioned to Castiel for the computer. The angel obliged. Minutes ticked by, filled with the sound of keys clacking and mouse pads clicking. Occasionally the officer would glance up at the eyes staring at him. Finally, the man’s eyes lit up and his posture straightened. All of us moved in closer, question hanging in the air like a banner.
We watched my brother’s sweat-soaked back in silence as he stalked away. Turning to Castiel I gave him an apologetic look. Ignoring that, he asked, “What happened?”
Dean rolled his eyes as he tied off the reigns. Adjusting his gun belt on his hips he took in a large breath and asked, “Right, start off civilized or go in for the unsavory first?”
Joel didn’t move right away. Shock seemed to be setting in as he realized that this was serious. But not one to waste time, I barked his name to snap him out of it. Blinking, he swallowed hard, nodded, and took off at a clumsy sprint through the theater equipment.
Cas closed Helena’s laptop with a quiet click. He then stood and went over to the sleeping mortician and continued, “Sam can’t help us in his current form, and you are just a man. Your brother needs you at your best if you want to help him.”
Ivan didn’t sit, but he did come closer. Crossing his arms, he nodded at my brother and muttered something warily about him getting to the point.
As I pulled off onto the exit that would lead us back to the little town, I risked a glance at him. Seeing that I didn’t understand, Cas continued, “If he processes as you say, then why can he not express that process once he has concluded?”
Sam started and withdrew something from behind his back. It looked like a smaller version of a French horn. At the sight of that, the Empty released me. I dropped to all fours, coughing and gasping.
Avoiding looking into his soulful blue eyes, I looked away and focused on the faded door to the motel room. That was when I noticed I was no longer wearing the same clothing I’d had on the night before.
Sam nudged my side with his wet nose sternly. For a moment I was confused about what he was trying to say. But when I looked down, I noticed the outline of my other, other phone in my pocket. This was the one usually reserved for those I considered to be a part of my inner circle. The people in my life that took top priority. Not many people got this number. I realized then what he was getting at.
Dean jerked away from the man’s touch but didn’t move, or tell him to fuck himself. He seemed rooted to the spot. An intense blush began creeping up the back of his neck to his ears. Sam had never seen his brother act like this before. Like…like an
Sam knew that Dean knew what he was talking about. They both understood that that was why Sam decided to leave in the first place. Dean looked away, hunching his shoulders slightly as if that would help keep the truth away.
Trying to keep him talking I pressed, “And then what? Try not to leave anything out, it could be important.”
The man rubbed at the stubble on his chin thoughtfully, “Nah…matter of fact, I haven’t seen him in a few days.”
The blonde didn’t resist being propped up, but he remained limp and refused to engage with the edge of the glass pressed to his lips. Water dribbled out of the corner of his mouth as he groaned in protest. Castiel huffed and watched the liquid soak into the pillowcase under his friend’s head.
It was then that the full impact of what just happened hit us. We stood out there, foreheads pressed together, laughing and crying for what felt like ages.
Trying to keep quiet, I gently strode over to the tent and leant in so my ear was close to the opening. Inside I could barely hear Sam softly snoring. I smiled and straightened. I didn’t want to bother him. I’d sleep in the back of the Impala tonight.
The bottom edge of a nearby missing poster flapped gently in the breeze as the two young women regarded the tall man. Eventually, they both agreed to speak. The pair went to a nearby wooden bench and sat. After explaining that he was a Marshal, Miss Amy Hein took a deep breath and started telling him about the last time she saw Troy.
Cautiously, as if he was talking to a spooked animal, he explained gently, “You were having a nightmare.”
Sam grunted, trying to pull free but she was a presented Beta. What could he do? Perhaps he could appeal to her?
“Thanks Moonchild, if you think of anything else, give us a call.” Sam muttered, drawing a card out from one of his pockets and handing it over to her.
It seemed so normal that it took her a few seconds to comprehend. After a moment she agreed and led the way to the stairs and up to the second floor. Before leaving the kitchen though, I turned to look at Cas taking a seat behind the computer once more. Wasn’t he tired? I guess he didn’t sleep, but still. A wave of affection rolled through my core thinking of him working so hard.
I couldn’t speak much after that. And Sam didn’t pry. He just held me until I could once again breathe properly. Wiping at the snot dripping out of my nose with the back of my hand as I sat up, I chuckled mirthlessly, “Now that we got control over our lives…I can’t seem to turn off the waterworks.”
“Not sure. Greg made it sound like a cigar. Said it reminded him of his Daddy smoking with old hunting buddies.”
He was powerless to argue. Sam clenched his fists at his side, going through every option in his head before concluding that there was no way he could help his brother without either of them ending up dead. Regret in each step, Sam led the way down the road in the direction Joseph Walsh said his old house used to be.
Sam looked down at him and shook his head before turning to Castiel, “Can you watch him? I got a call from a hunter on the way out asking for some help with a vamp.”
Castiel didn’t look happy. His expression never really changed much but Sam could tell he was worried by how he looked away and his hands clenched into loose fists at his side. Sam wondered if Dean noticed these things about their friend too.
Still looking at us with the happiest and most grateful expression on his face he stepped back. Sam and I stood shoulder to shoulder looking at him.
Wiping at her dripping nose, she glanced up and asked unsurely, “You mean the workers at the dam disappearing?”
“So, what exactly is the plan?” Charlie asked, quirking her brow in my direction. “And what’s with the random junk?”
Stepping out of the Impala, it felt like I was in a dream. I probably was. Chuck was still around. Who’s to say he wasn’t pulling the puppet strings? Sam and Jack glanced at me curiously, but seemed more concerned with the fact that everyone on the planet was gone. They asked what happened and all I could say was that Cas was taken by the Empty.
After a moment she decided that he wasn’t a threat. Her fists un-clenched as she graciously nodded her head in recognition of the shorter of the two.
“No,” Helena whispered, fingers going to her hair again making it stand out even more from her scalp. “That’s just it, her bones shifted somehow. And not because of any degenerative bone diseases I’ve seen. It’s not possible.”
Sam and Isadora skidded to a stop next to where I lay. Glancing from my ankle to me the firewatcher asked rhetorically, "Not as easy as a walk in the park, huh?"
Castiel nodded. Jack glanced curiously at the top of Dean’s blonde head and asked, “What’s wrong with him? Is he sick?”
The man didn’t acknowledge our departure, just continued staring blankly at the glass in his hand. All I could think about was how similar this man was to my own father.
“That’s okay, this is uh, this is one of those times where it’s better to let Dean sleep in the bed he made.” Sam said, sharing a look with Castiel.
As soon as they were gone and the jailhouse fell quiet, Dean let out a shaky laugh and asked the air, “What took you, Sammy?”
There were two bars in town but Dean wasn’t at either of them. Next, we checked the local diner, but still nothing. A heavy knot of worry started up in my gut. My brother wouldn’t be stupid enough to go and hurt himself directly. He would find others to do the punishing for him. With that in mind we checked every shady looking place, which were few in numbers considering how small this place was. But still he was nowhere in sight.
“Wait,” Sam called, going after her and catching her by the elbow. “Whatever you came to say, you can say in front of Miss Moore.”
About thirty minutes later, Sam pulled up at the bunker. Dean had sobered up a bit. Enough to see only one Sammy instead of two and to start feeling the inevitable emergence of a hangover. His legs were a different story. The older Winchester attempted getting out of the car before Sam could make it around to help. As soon as his boots hit the dirt, his vision tilted and he went down hard onto all fours.
“It’s like you said, everyone can find their answers for themselves if they look for it.” He grinned, cheeks dimpling. “Every stubbed toe and all that.”
Sam peered down at Dean lightly snoring and muttered, “He’s been acting weird lately. I think I’m going to give him some space. Don’t worry, Cas. I’ll be back.”
“You feeling okay?” I asked, knowing he would hate being asked that even before it got past my lips.
Sam’s chin trembled as he struggled not to break down. Fresh tears of my own prickled at the corner of my eyes.
“D-Don’t say that Breelyn…” the other twin whispered in horror, looking as if he were about to burst into tears at any moment.
Shaking his head, he continued, “We picked up some last-minute stuff at the gas station in Newhalem. Carly saw her old roommate there and held us up for a while catching up before Gavin went over and pulled her away. After that we headed to the trailhead. But…Carly didn’t seem right. She wasn’t herself. Kept tweaking out.”
Dean explained what was going on, not bothering to soften any of the edges as he did. At different points Officer Oblonsky looked like he wanted to write Dean off as a whack-job, but every time he looked at Helena and her face, he stopped himself. It was a typical supernatural debrief that we’d given to a number of people over the years. The whole, ‘yes, there are real life, honest to God monsters out there’ speech.
As I cracked open my eyes, I could see that she was incredibly pale. Looking down at me she swallowed hard before putting on gloves and asking for Dean to bring a lamp over from across the room. The light was blinding as it was pointed down at me. I whined again and shut my eyes.
Wondering what had gotten Constance so distracted during their fight, Sam looked around. Two grave markers about ten feet away sat unevenly in the ground.
Dean turned his green eyes on Sam’s hazel. Taking up Baby’s reigns he said, “Pa’s gone. He left Jericho.”
The pair froze. Sam’s brows drew together in confusion as he struggled to process what had just been said. What Omega? Dean’s jaw dropped open in abject horror. The prostitute, smirking, pushed off the wall and slunk over to the shorter of the two and leaned in, testing the air around his neck curiously.
I urged myself, gently running my finger along the rim of my whiskey glass. We still hadn’t talked about me dying, or becoming a demon, or Amara, or Diablo. There was a lot that hung in the air between us. And it was intimidating. Especially because it felt like he and Sam had grown closer after I went AWOL with Crowley. How and where do I start?
Squinting through the din, more features came into focus: a hand, a tuft of hair, a leg. There was almost a dozen of them. It seemed that this was where the Tikbalang was keeping the people it had taken. I swallowed hard and adjusted the grip on my pistol.
Nervously, he shoved the gun back into the depths of the drawer and turned to face her. Not wanting others in the house to hear, he guided her by her elbow further into the room and closed the door. Not quite ready to look at her, Sam strode over to a dark lamp and busied himself with lighting it. He was trying desperately to think of an excuse that didn’t reveal too much about what he was about to do.
Happiness filled his body as he started down the narrow hall toward the kitchen where he believed she would be. But just as he was passing the sitting room doors, he got a whiff of something foul; stale iron and rotting meat.
“There’s been another…disturbance, and I can’t reach our Firewatcher up at Davis Peak. Meet me back at the Stetattle Creek Trailhead asap. Over.”
As my vision came back to me, I slumped over in my rickety chair. Back to being hopelessly drunk in a crappy motel room. Castiel, the one that I had to remind myself was the real one looked at me with a blank expression. So hard to read. Now that my demons had been exposed, did he hate me?
Realizing what I was doing, I sat bolt upright. My heart hammering like crazy as I pulled away from Cas. He quirked his head to the side in reaction and questioned innocently, “Are you feeling ill?”
After another long sigh he chose to keep his eyes fixed on the road ahead and his mouth shut. It wasn’t like I was entirely glad that he did. My chest felt like it was collapsing in on itself. And I wanted nothing more than to make it stop. How do I talk about this though? Where would I even start? Pushing back into the leather seats, I turned my gaze out the window again and waited for the sensation to pass.
He hated that he was on Omega. Just thinking about how weak it made him was enough to send him into a sour mood. When he was in the middle of a heat it was agony. Anything that brushed against his skin felt like lightning running through his body all the way to his groin. And it didn’t go away easily. If he was alone, he would touch himself feverishly, barely able to get his hands to cooperate. It was hot and messy and humiliating.
She looked spooked. Afraid that pushing her to answer might do more harm than good, Sam and I shared a look before letting it go. We rode back to the firewatch tower, reaching it just as the sunset sky started to explode with a symphony of brilliant colors. Isadora looked less shaken up as we emerged from the wilderness.
As Dean shoved the book back, the tired man blinked down once before blinking up at the shorter of the two and asking, “You any relation to a Burt Aframian?”
I couldn’t see his face because I refused to break eye contact with the road. Had to admit that I didn’t really have a stomach for this kind of conversation. My great gift from dear old Dad.
“Oh, okay. Well, at least let me pack you something.” She said, motioning us into the house. “And you can fill me in more.”
About an hour, two beers, and one burger later the late-night bar crowd started showing up. I saw Floyd come in and order what looked to be two fingers of whiskey. A bit surprising. I took him as the non-drinker type.
I nodded resolutely before heading back over to the four wheelers. It seemed that with Isadora’s help Eddie had managed to get Greg to calm down. Instead of clutching onto him frantically, he sat steadily rocking back and forth and repeating ‘you’re here’ over and over again. The Firewatcher shared a look with me as I approached, as if to say, ‘understand now?’.
I recognized who it was before he even spoke. Castiel. Just like earlier when I’d been carried out of the theater, I could sense the power coming off of him. Something deep and primal in me was triggered as soon as he came close. Reflexively, I cowered.
Gertie started chanting again. Gasping in pain Castiel called through gritted teeth, “Gertie, stop!”
“Sammy, get this: it is possible to gain power over a Tikbalang by obtaining one of three special spines at the base of its neck, but first the creature must be subdued. To do this one must leap onto its back and tie a specially prepared rope around it and ride it until it is exhausted then pluck the spine which may be golden in color and thicker than the rest.”
Patting me one last time on the head, Castiel turned to Ivan and Helena and asked, “What do you know about Gertie?”
Footsteps drew near. I was just preparing to reach for my knife when I felt a warmth emanate from a spot above my torso, accompanied by a bright light. Chancing a quick peek, I cracked open one eye and was surprised to see Castiel standing over me. He was concentrating on his task and didn’t notice that I was awake.
Shifting in my seat to address him more directly I said, “Okay, so I’m feeling a little under the weather. Sue me. It’s been a long couple of days.”
Her large brown eyes glanced worriedly between the two brothers before she nodded reluctantly and made her way toward the front door of the boarding house. She threw one last concerned look over her shoulder at Sam before shutting the door behind her. The pair waited until she fully disappeared before turning to each other.
Once we were sealed away in the small break room, the man slumped down into a vacant seat and sighed heavily. Crossing my arms Sam and I waited for him to catch his breath. Glancing up at us he said, “Sorry, it’s uh…busy season. I’m Eddie, you two say you’re here to search for the missing workers? I thought HQ wasn’t sending anyone for another week?”
Cas’ hand on my shoulder startled me. Not sure why. I knew he was there. But something about how gentle it was caught me off guard. It had always been that way though. Why did it bother me now? Suddenly, angry, orange flames, sprayed with a thick fan of blood came to mind. My eyes shot open.
“I’ll check out the doors,” I said, keeping my eyes scanning. “You go out front and wait for my backup. They’ll be here soon.”
It felt like Sam was looking up from the bottom of a well at someone calling down from the top; trapped with the echoes of screams. But something in the way Dean’s hands trembled caught Sam’s attention. He focused on the green eyes looking into his own. He could see their mother and Jessica reflected back at him. Dean was scared.
Sam breathed heavily through his nose in disbelief at the voice. The light from the gas lamps fell over one half of his attacker’s face, illuminating a familiar set of green eyes and freckles.
I looked to Sam wiping at his eyes and sniffing and laughed again. Karma got me pretty fast though when it felt like I’d just gargled with razorblades. It was Sam’s turn to laugh. He put his arm around my shoulders and said, “Think you can handle swallowing an anti-inflammatory?”
Still trying to comfort him, I said, “Cas and I will start trying to find a way to change you back.”
“No…” Eddie said, voice cracking slightly. “But one of our Firewatchers out by Davis Peak radioed in. Said some hikers showed up saying a couple of their friends went missing overnight. Mentioned some crazy stuff.”
Sam’s heart had sunk as soon as the sound registered. He wondered, horrified, if they’d just filled his brother with lead.
She didn’t look like she believed me. I wouldn’t either, to be fair. I probably looked crazy. Her eyes slid over to Castiel who turned and gave her a short nod. With one last look at me, she crossed her arms and headed back down the hall. As soon as the sound of her slippers on the hall rug faded, I let out a shaky breath and mumbled an apology.
The bright lights of Stanford were a sight for sore eyes. Sam couldn’t help but relax at the thought of seeing Jessica again. As soon as he did, he would hold her in his arms. And damnit all if he was going to wait any longer to ask for her hand. After the last few days he knew what he wanted. And it was her. For the rest of his life.
The Empty rolled her eyes and gestured with her hand. Eileen disappeared. Sam swallowed worriedly but pressed on, “According to the Book of Joshua in the Bible, these trumpets were powerful enough that Israel conquered Canaan after blowing the horns
His face paled a little at the mention of the cacophony out front that he abandoned. After snagging a few maps of the area, we headed out. It was as we were getting back on the road to head to Diablo, that I finally got my first look at the bona-fide hippie named Moonchild. Sam smacked my elbow to get my attention and pointed out the window in the direction of the small gas station. There she was, hair dreaded in fuzzy blonde tufts pulled back behind a worn pastel bandanna, loose fitting patterned dress that accentuated the fact that she was unshaven pretty much everywhere, and the strangest assortment of knickknacks tied on thick hemp cord around her body.  Surprisingly she was actually kind of hot. Too
“Not sure, no one else has talked. But I did look into it and a couple of the people that are gone have some domestic disturbances and assaults on their record, so they fit with previous M.O.’s.”
When I didn’t respond fast enough, Dean looked to Cas and asked, “Can’t you speak to him? I mean, you’ve talked to a cat before, right?”
A choked sob came from Sai as he clamped his hands down over his ears in an attempt at shutting out everything. Realizing what she had done to her friend, Breelyn froze and watched as he collapsed onto the ground crying. After a moment of looking down at him, she turned on her heel and ran off. We watched her go. And when she was far enough away Arush knelt next to his brother and put his arms around his heaving shoulders.
Both could see the glint of badges in the late morning light. They hopped down from their horses and pulled them off to the side. Wiping at his sweating brow, Sam asked, “Think we can ask them what’s going on? Looks like whoever Pa is after might have done this.”
Once again, he felt the ring in his pocket. Should he bite the bullet and give it to her? It wouldn’t be strange that he was asking for them to be promised mates. At least not to her. She never seemed worried about the fact that he might present as Omega and they would never be together. It was like she could see into his soul to the Beta that he hoped was there.
The faint smell of cookies wafted down the hall making Sam smile. Jessica must have been busy making them for when he got back, bless her soul. Looking over at the side table near the door he saw what looked to be a fresh plate of said oatmeal cookies next to a note that read: ‘
The Empty practically vibrated with anger. She clenched and unclenched her fists as she paced in front of us. But we didn’t get turned into pink mists or scalped. Was this actually working? I shot Sam a nervous look but didn’t speak.
Mr. Waithe nodded, gulping down the last of what was in his drink. A tear fell from his eye as he leaned over to retrieve the bottle off the floor next to his chair. He wiped at it discreetly. When he came back up his voice trembled, “I didn’t even know my boy was gone…”
As soon as her chanting ceased, the candles around the bed dimmed and the intense smell of herbs faded. The vines holding Castiel shriveled away. Hissing and clutching his charred arm, he broke from them. I heard Dean’s boots thud heavily onto the floor down the hall.
“Let’s go back to the Reflector Bar, get some grub, and do some research.” I said, settling once again behind the handle bars of the four-wheeler.
Taking in a deep, steadying breath, he growled through clenched teeth, “No, you’re right. We should - we should leave...”
That was all Castiel needed. In a flash his lips were attached to the exposed skin on Dean’s neck, sucking as his hand went back to its previous place. Dean’s breath hitched and once again his back arched. Castiel noted how much more reserved the hunter was now that he was aware of his actions. The angel took it as a challenge.
Sam shot me a disapproving look and kept inspecting the area. I took the time to stretch and catch my breath. Sitting on a rotting fallen log I took in the state of the clearing. The occasional beer can. Lots of footprints. And…something high up on a moss-covered tree. Squinting, I went over to get a closer look. From there it seemed almost like a hand print. Hard to distinguish from the thick layer of lichen coating the bark, and also because it was twice the size of a normal hand and not something probable.
For a moment it looked like he wanted to argue. But ever so slowly I saw realization brighten his eyes. After a moment they filled with tears and he let out a grateful laugh. I felt myself getting emotional too. So, to avoid any more tears, I pulled him in for a tight hug.
Shifting my position so the brunt of my weight was supported by the tree, I aimed my gun and growled under my breath, "Come on out you son of a bitch."
The question was as expected as the look of genuine pain that flashed across the angel's face. The breath evaporated from my lungs at the sight. Cas’ voice had been quiet. Almost like he hadn’t wanted me to hear.
He nodded, sighing like he definitely understood. Rubbing at a spot on his temple he mumbled, “So I suppose you want to know about when I last saw Jacob?”
Numbly, I looked up. I sat in a shallow puddle of rainwater in the middle of a clearing. Rain fell into my eyes as I looked up numbly. Another loud thud came from my right and as I slowly turned my head, I saw an equally soaked Sam straddling a flailing monster as he continuously stabbed it. I noted the puncture wound in my brother's arm and the inside out shirt on his torso.
I stooped, snatching up a thick twig from the ground and crushed the end of it under the heel of my bare foot. When it snapped, I felt the jagged edges cut into my skin. Ignoring the pain, I straightened. With my improvised weapon in hand I scanned the area. Nothing. I called out for Sam and Cas again.
Arush nodded absently as he struggled to absorb the bomb I just dropped. Quickly biting at another nail, he said, “We split up, thinking maybe she’d fallen and hurt herself. Sai and I, then Breelyn and Greg, and then…Marina and Gavin.”
She nodded, biting her bottom lip. The petite woman looked on the verge of a full-blown panic attack. Sam noticed as well and stepped forward to place his hand comfortingly against her trembling shoulders. He muttered gently, “You did the right thing.”
“Howdy boys,” a sweet voice called from up the road, stopping Sam from questioning his brother. “You look like you could use a good time.”
His head was quirked to the side in concern as he fluidly made his way to my side. Crouching down at my level, his warm hand settled heavily on my shoulder as he said, “
Sam’s eyes softened into his trademark puppy dog look as he said, “Helena, I’m Sam Winchester, and this is my brother –”
“No, Dean, I’m not.” Sam countered, faster than he intended. It came out harsh. Clearing his throat, he explained, “My life is at Stanford, not living out of my saddle.”
Dean dug around in his pocket, struggling the small packet free. Sam snatched it up with more anger than intended and immediately strode to a nearby table. As he plucked the glass door open and lit the oil lamp's wick, the older Winchester  realized what his brother was planning to do. Once again, a memory of their childhood home engulfed in flames flashed across his mind.
“Hey man, you didn’t know this was going to happen. Like you said, she was spazzing. Hard to tell if that crap is genuine.”
Narrowing my eyes, I looked around for any sign of it. And there, off to my right next to the tree line, the figure of a pale humanoid slunk away. Sam and I sprinted after it, with Sam getting further ahead as my leg started twinging with pain. As we headed deeper, the sound of the rain storm became muffled, the thick canopy slowing down the downpour, and soon all I could feel was the faint tickle of rain drops as I ran. It made my heavy breathing all the more apparent in my ears.
“Why don’t you two go to the morgue.” I said nonchalantly, scratching agitatedly at the back of my neck. I could see the refusal on his lips so I continued, “I mean, you were the one that talked with that chick on the phone, Sammy. You got a rep going.”
Holding up my hands as a sign of peace, I called, “Hey, whoa there. Just…just let him go. I’m the one you want.”
“Oh gosh!” she exclaimed, getting to her feet as soon as she caught sight of my bloody form in my brother’s arms.
Her soulful brown eyes met my own as if she could hear my thoughts and said, “I thought he meant the woods were confusin’ at night, but he kept screamin’ about the trees and bushes around him changin’ and movin’ on their own…he was…he was beggin’ for me to save him.”
I struggled to my feet. My thoughts feeling like they were running sluggishly through a thick cloud of cotton. Focusing on each individual step, I staggered to Sam's side as he plunged what looked like one of the Tikbalang's own spines into the back of its head and torso. Reaching down, I wrapped my fist around the glinting golden spine. Placing the toe of my boot on the monster's jaw, I gripped tight and yanked. Sam glanced at me hurriedly before backing up enough to allow me access to its heart. Without blinking, I shoved the spine deep into the already torn tissue.
