Soon enough the machine started to fill up with water along the soap Tony had previously put inside. The brunet crouched with the kid in tow to let him see inside the machine and how it was slowly filling up with water, smiling as the kid seemed hypnotized by the movement and soon enough the machine started to work, moving slightly, vibrating.
Some other days he dared to venture down into his workshop. The place had been left untouched, put right back as how it had been left before everything happened in a foolish effort to preserve what it had been. He had Friday even order the very same couch that had been commonly used as a place for Steve to sketch, for them to cuddle or for catnaps inbetween work. Some days Steve would lie down on it and tears would roll down his cheeks as he noticed how the scent familiar scents of his cologne and motor oil weren't there. In those days he would scream himself hoarse and cry himself to sleep, only to wake up and have that void in his chest grow bigger after realizing that was his reality now.
“You’re so selfish” Shuri pouted at the little girl who was pretty much curled up on Tony’s chest and looking very happy on her spot “You hear me?” Shuri poked one of Vela’s tiny chubby feet and Vela pocked her tongue out at her in retaliation, Shuri gasped, pretending to be hurt.
Peter wiggled, crawling further up so he could wrap his little arms around Tony’s neck and smooch his face against Tony’s, and the brunet only laughed, wrapping his own arms around the little one, squishing him gently, he pressed a few kisses on Peter’s hair and then on his temple.
Prompt: Give me a Tony Stark who’d very gladly wake up in the middle of the night and slow dance in his pajamas while playing soft music with a very upset little baby cuddled to his chest because they’re teething.
“Now get out of here, you’re too happy and it’s too early for that” Tony rolled his eyes and ignored Steve’s chuckle as the blond man left “Remind me to never say yes to anything Rogers says before noon” Tony said aloud as he poured the coffee down the drain, he couldn’t taste it anyway “This can only end badly”.
“I have dealt with threats to world peace, with giant robots, with megalomaniac villains…” Rhodey kept on going, making Tony roll his eyes “But this?” Rhodey got back up, carefully holding a tiny ball of fur from the skin of the back on its neck, arching a dark eyebrow as the little thing meowed loudly.
As he crossed the door frame soft music reached his ears and a smile blossomed on his lips when he was welcomed by the sight of his husband in the middle of the living room, in his pajama bottoms and a shirt he had stolen from T’Challa, not that the king minded at all, barefoot and holding a baby in his arms as he swayed gently following the mellow music. T’Challa almost felt bad to walk up to them and interrupt their little moment.
At first the kid seemed taken by surprise but soon enough he started to smile and shriek and laugh with that contagious sound that had anyone who heard him laughing or at least smiling with him. Tony loved to see him happy so he got around to know all the little things that made the kid laugh and, upon discovering them, he’d store the new ones in his memory for later. They were usually silly little things easily achievable, but not for that Tony ignored them; silly cartoons on the tv that Tony would program for the kid to watch whenever he wanted, his dad making silly voices while reading him a bedtime story, Natasha slapping Clint’s arm, anyone kissing his little hands or feet, especially when Tony pretended to munch on his little toes.
He was the only member of the Avengers –Rhodey was out of their reach due to his condition and Vision wasn’t quite human but gave his support- the people and the government could get a hold onto, therefore his phone never stopped ringing, his mail was always full to the brim, and if he wasn’t in meetings trying to change the accords for the better he was trying to recruit enhanced humans, which didn’t always welcome him but Tony tried and tried and tried. He tried to do better, he tried to help people as much as he could, he tried but sometimes his best wasn’t enough. Tony was already familiar with the feeling but that didn’t mean it didn’t hurt when people pointed out the little mistakes without even acknowledging his efforts, his achievements.
She spotted her brother in law and her niece right away, lying on the large bed sans her brother, apparently they were also trying to wait for T’Challa to arrive from a trip that was taking a bit too long. Tony patted the bed besides him in a silent invitation that Shuri took right away, smiling and climbing onto the soft mattress, sighing and curling up a bit closer, and maybe a bit too close for Vela wasn’t subtle when she pointed it out.
I wanted to revisit this series, because I feel that in these times we all need some fluff, and truly, who doesn't? The series will keep the name "Tony Stark as a dad" for those who want to find it easier
“And since when any of you is interested in that?” the brunet gave him a deadpanned look as he arched a dark eyebrow, seemingly very skeptical.
Sorry for the delay, work has been absolutely crazy and I've barely had time to sit down and write, much less inspiration, but here it is, finally.
“No, no, I think I heard wrong, am I still asleep or something?” Tony rambled as he ran a hand through his hair, which was already quite messy.
What started as a task meant to somewhat assist Tony with his anxiety, changed into a program; Avenger’s kitties. It wasn’t exactly the Avengers’ per se, mostly only Tony, but people would be more interested to adopt cats that had been taken care of, and even named, by the Avengers as a whole instead of just one of them. The shelter took care of all the adoption process while Tony just took care of the kittens, bathing them, feeding them, playing around, cuddling, and of course, naming them and taking several photos which he later posted, increasing then the chance to find them a loving home. The whole program was approved after its success was proved right after Tony was assigned his first litter of kittens and they were assigned homes almost immediately, and maybe that was helped by the video Natasha recorded of the tiny fluffy kittens following Tony around the tower like little ducklings.
Clint wasn’t exactly happy that he had to wear pink underwear for the next month, but he accepted his fate for eating Petey's cookies.
The panther didn’t seem to mind at all, eating the discarded treat and lying down, proceeding to lick and playfully paw Vela, treating her like one of her own.
“You know damn well, when you look at me like I just murdered your puppy” Tony gave him a narrowed look as he took a sip from his coffee, he burned his tongue but he hid it well.
For someone who had been so reluctant at the beginning, Tony had taken the task like one more of his routines; as if it were a project he couldn’t keep his mind and hands off. And well, no one could blame him for refusing to take it the first time Fury brought the idea up. It had been right after a particularly rough mission, so when he heard Fury suggesting it Tony had wondered aloud if he had hit his head harder than he though and was hearing things. And apparently that was enough for Fury to force him to go to medical to get checked out. The fact that he did indeed have a mild concussion was irrelevant.
For some time Tony had allowed himself to foolishly believe there was some sort of bond starting to form between all of them, he had thought the endless teasing and casual joking meant something, that the very occasional movie nights had been out of everyone’s own volition to spend time together aside from kicking ass on the battlefield.
“Did the princess kick out another reporter?” Okoye’s velvet voice came through when she walked into the room, her smile almost imperceptible on her lips as she watched the little princess play with Tony’s fingers.
"Hey, buddy;" Steve gently brushed Peter's messy hair back with his fingers. "I missed you so much." He pressed a kiss on Peter's temple.
So, um, I'm leaving a tiny sneak peak, I won't be able to update anything for the rest of the month since I'm going on vacation starting today so I thought it was fair to tease you with a little something to ease the wait.
“Coffee first” Tony mumbled, clearly not completely human just yet as he padded into the kitchen completely ignoring the fact that the kittens seemed to be pretending to be goats and using Steve as a mountain to climb on, tiny sharp claws holding into the material of Steve’s sweats.
The kitten didn’t look impressed at being manhandled, especially after having his nap interrupted. He seemed like it had an attitude already. T’Challa found that terribly amusing.
"Hey, hey, hey, easy." The voice urged but the dizziness added to the turmoil of everything that was in his head made him react.
“Don’t forget the chow mein like last time” Tony smiled as Steve pressed a few more brief kisses on his lips “I thought you were in a hurry to leave” Tony chuckled softly but didn’t make a move to push Steve off; if it was up to him, Hawkass and Thor would go on their own for the food since they insisted to go themselves instead of having it delivered.
T’Challa looked up and saw his lover looking at him, blinking owlishly and sleepily, barely moving, surely he wanted to avoid disturbing the other cats.
“She has spent quite a considerable amount of time with Sir over the past few days, therefore it’d be correct to assume she has grown attached to Sir” Jarvis explained and Steve could almost swear he heard some warmth in his voice.
“Friday, who is here?” Rhodey called aloud as he made it to where the sound had come from, one of his guns in hand as he turned around the corner and out of the living room, eyes observant to any noise and any movement, senses alert to any possible threat that had, somehow, passed through Friday.
Tony wasn’t going to let anyone close enough to see that, not anymore, he had learnt that trust brought nothing good; he had cared and trusted so many people only to have them stabbing him in the back as soon as he turned around; Obie, Pepper, Steve and all the others. And it wasn’t like he was putting his trust in an vain cause, all those people had been people he had known, or so he had though, people who lied to his face while pretending to be his allies, his friends, his family. He had known Obie all his life, the man had helped him raise him, how could Tony ever suspect the man had planned his kidnapping and meant to have him killed, and when that didn’t work, he had practically tore Tony’s heart off his chest while Tony lied there, paralyzed; he still had nightmares about that. Tony had known Pepper for many years now and he understood perfectly how much of an ass he was to her for so long, how many burdens and stress he had put on her with his reckless behavior, and then Iron Man came along and it was just too much, but still Tony had never forgotten how she had been on his side while his weapons murdered millions of people, but the moment he decided to change, to try and correct his mistakes she left, she had left even when Tony had begged her not to leave, still trembling with fear after another night terror, Tony had almost lost her because of a mistake he had made so many years back, Tony had thought she had died when she fell, but Pepper hadn’t been able to accept Iron Man as a part of Tony that he’d never give up even when he had destroyed all his suits for her, so Tony thought breaking apart was the best option for the both of them; they were still friends but Tony still had nightmares about her falling.
Loneliness wasn’t good company. T’Challa’s obligation and busy schedule and Tony’s tendency to bottle up his feelings away until they were close to explode made their relationship a bit rocky at first and lack of communication had been their great weakness, still was sometimes but they were getting better at handling it, not letting things accumulate and pile up; T’Challa was very patient and kind and Tony very caring and never gave up, those were their strengths, that and the love and respect they had for each other.
“Your husband is inside, with the little one” she informed and the tone in her voice didn’t alert T’Challa of any harm that could’ve come to either his child or husband so he thanked her and walked in with light steps.
“I will see you for lunch” T’Challa said, pressing a kiss on Vela’s cheek before turning up to his husband, pressing a soft kiss on his lips only to hear a whimper and a chubby hand pushing at his cheek. The little girl grabbed at Tony’s cheek to tilt his head so he would kiss her.
“No? You don’t want me to kiss him?” Steve chuckled, rather amused and leaned in to kiss Tony again only to be stopped by a tiny chubby hand pushing at his face.
But if there was something Tony would never forget nor forgive was the fact that Steve lied to him, Steve kept the murder of his parents secret from him and still had the nerve to call Tony out on his own mistakes, because of course, Captain America was better than everyone. Steve had got mad at Tony for hiding his knowledge about the accords, to which Tony provided the information right away, trying to make amends, he got mad the power of decision would be take away from them and somehow that didn’t apply to Steve, somehow Steve was a superior being to have the right to make decisions for others, to decide what was best for Tony, as if Tony were a mindless child who knew no better, acting in that condescending and patronizing way that made Tony’s blood boil with anger.
"You took him to a meeting with you?" Steve asked, terribly amused by the mental image of their tiny son in a formal business meeting among people dressed in sharp, pristine suits while wearing his Thor pjs. "And he didn't get bored?" Steve knew SI meetings could last for hours depending on the issues they had to go through. Peter usually spent that time at home with Steve.
He looked down at the tablet where he could see Peter using Tony as a human pillow. The homesick feeling that had been stewing up in his chest became stronger. He longed to be there with them, cuddling with Tony as Peter napped in-between them, he wanted to nuzzle their son's messy hair and breathe in the baby smell of the blueberry shampoo Tony always got for Peter. Luckily it was only one more day before he could finish the mission and go back home.
But she had been adopted a week and a half after she had arrived, the shelter had only been waiting for her to reach a weight of 3 pounds before they could give her away. Tony had played it casual but he did feel the absence; the little lump that crawled to sleep on his chest every night wasn’t there anymore, there were no purrs waking him up, and even the bots were a bit sad –and yes, they could feel sad no matter what Barton said. Tony didn’t have to think too much to make Fury’s idea into a program that could help both his issues, which he still refused to talk about, and orphaned cats to get a loving home.
"Pete, do you mind if I kiss and hug your daddy?" He bounced Peter a couple of times to get his attention.
T’Challa frowned and looked at the little one; she had her head hidden against Tony’s neck, her messy dark hair everywhere and tiny chubby hands holding onto her papa’s shirt. The king reached out to rub her back and that certainly got her attention, she looked up at him with big brown eyes and a pout that could’ve have anyone melting right away. The king asked her in wakandan, inquiring what was wrong with words he whispered softly against her hair as he pressed a kiss against it, the little girl didn’t answer, mostly because she couldn’t exactly talk properly yet-even though she could understand everything perfectly, and opened her mouth, pointing with a little finger and T’Challa was able to see what was causing his little love such distress; right there the tips of two tiny bunny teeth could be seen.
Some of those days Steve couldn't even force himself to leave the bed. He had long since moved to one of the compound's many empty rooms, he had moved out there because he couldn't make it through the threshold of their old bedroom without bursting into tears.
"Petey has been obsessing over this soup ever since Bruce brought Thai food from a new restaurant last weekend. I could place an order and get them to deliver it so you can come straight home, since you surely want to shower." Steve could hear faint noise in the background.
Later on, Steve woke up again but this time it wasn't to a pristine room while hearing an old baseball game on the radio or to a hospital room and the smell of disinfectant, but to the rubble left of the destroyed compound. He woke up in pain and with a startle to Sam's and Bucky's faces, blood-stained and bruised. And upon looking into their eyes, Steve didn't have to ask. He knew.
Peter looked from him to Tony and then back at him as if he were considering it and Steve bit his tongue to keep himself from laughing at how adorable that was. Peter finally accepted with a little "okay, papa can kiss". In exchange Steve handed Peter his bunny and let him down, watching Peter toddle over the several pillows spread around the carpet.
T’Challa woke up a couple of hours later, Tony still pressed against his side, but there were a couple of purring little lumps curled up on his chest as well as another one on the pillow near his head. It didn’t take him much time to spot the three other kittens –for a few seconds he panicked thinking he had accidentally crushed them, but they were all snuggled against Tony, one of them using the brunet’s cheek as a pillow.
Once Tony got his coffee and was a bit more present into the realm of the living, he took advantage to snap a few photos of Steve being used as a climbing wall by a hoard of little kittens along with the caption “New jungle gym, available in stores soon”. The photo got almost ten thousand likes on Instagram within the first fifteen minutes.
“Beg your pardon?” Steve said, starting to feel a migraine threatening to appear, throbbing behind his eyes, but he pushed the feeling aside. He pinched the bridge of his nose and sighed “This isn’t a question, Tony, this is an order and it’s for your own good, believe it or not”.
"Surprisingly, he didn't." Tony pointed out and he seemed quite impressed by that fact too. "Pep got him some crayons and paper and he colored for some time and then he just fell asleep on me, both things he could've also done if he had stayed with Happy."
“You’re a grumpy one” Tony declared but there was no heat in his voice or tension in his features “In your defense, I would be angry too if I were all alone in a place I didn’t know, and of course, Spangles brought you and got all on your face, didn’t he?” he hummed, holding a finger out in front of the kitten and letting her sniff at him first, he consider it a small victory when he felt the tiny sandpaper-like tongue on the tip of his finger “He can get a bit overbearing but you can always scratch his nose”.
Tony could try and reach out for help, but there were so few people who could; Rhodey was too busy with his recovery and therapies and Toy wasn’t about to interfere with that, not when he hadn’t been able to protect his best friend so the best thing he could do was to help him get back on his feet; Vision was surely of great help, even if the android couldn’t fully grasp human interaction quite perfectly yet, Tony was relieved to have someone who had his back, even if that someone had sort of been created by him, so he wouldn’t have to face everything alone, but even then there were things Tony couldn’t delegate; then there was T’Challa, a great ally when it came to amending the accords, bringing in a different point of view and even if the now King of Wakanda had offered Tony his help, Tony knew the man had a country to rule and people to answer back to, among them a team of criminal refugees, so Tony couldn’t call every time he felt like pulling on his hair out of frustration, overwhelmed with everything and stressed out of his mind, he had fucked up, so he had to fix it.
When Steve first woke up seventy years into the future they told him they had won. Both the relief of the war being over and the dread of everything he knew having vanished washed over him in a powerful wave that left him breathless. He had woken up and had lost everything. He had willingly made the sacrifice call, never expecting to survive, he had known that. Still he was there, alive and out of time.
It was movie night when Clint tried it again; they were watching a crappy movie and in less than half an hour Clint was bored out of his mind, so who could blame him really?
“There is no one else, Colonel, my systems are functioning perfectly and the security system has not detected any breaches” the AI’s voice lacked a tone of apprehension she always had when things were bad.
They hadn’t had the best of starts, right at each other’s throat but they synced in the battlefield like pieces of a jigsaw puzzle. From the very first few minutes of meeting him, Steve had managed to hit a sensitive nerve within Tony, and maybe it as true, maybe he was nothing without the suit, but that didn’t mean it didn’t hurt. And after the whole battle Tony had been so stupid to think that with that self-sacrificing act he had somehow changed Steve’s opinion of him, and perhaps he did for a short period of time, a period of time in which Tony felt fulfilled only to be hit by reality like a ton of bricks when Steve’s opinion of Tony was so easily swayed by Wanda, a child they have met for less than a day with a biased, misinformed, anger-lead opinion, something that should’ve never happened because Steve knew Tony, right? He knew him, he had to. Tony was only assured of that when the truth about Ultron came to light and all the team went against him –even when Tony hadn’t been the only one creating Ultron, Bruce had had a part in it too, but Tony didn’t throw his friend under the bus-, no one had moved a finger when Thor wrapped his hand around Tony’s throat and held him two feet in the air, no one had moved a finger to stop him and they never let him forget. That was the very moment Tony understood that no matter what he did he would never be able to change the way people looked at him.
Tony pushed a little pile of rumpled white clothes to the kid and watched with a smile how delighted he seemed to be given a little task; chubby hands were quick to start picking each item and shove it inside the machine, sometimes his aim was a bit off but Tony reached to help him a bit until the pile was gone, the child clapped his little hands when Tony praised him for his help and Tony smiled at his little giggles.
As he started to walk out of the living room, the sound of Tony humming and singing softly to their daughter made him smile.
"Now that I have his approval," Steve grinned and pulled Tony closer to him setting one hand on the small of Tony's back.
Steve held onto the person that was closest to him and tried to stand but his knees gave out, taking him down with a thud on the wooden floor, and he would've fallen harder but whoever he was holding to take some of his weight.
"Hey, sweetheart, I'm almost on my way, debriefing took a bit longer than I expected, sorry." Steve said as he was already making it to the garage level to get his bike. "Thought I could stop and pick us some lunch, what are you guys in the mood for?"
They kept on going like that, just light kisses and smiled, but as all good things, it wasn’t mean to last; soon enough they were interrupted by a little whimper that had both of them looking down at the little one in between them.
“You know, you’re very grumpy to be so tiny” Tony said as he gently cleaned the tiny little thing with a damp cloth, holding the kitten by the back of his neck while he kept on hissing and complaining.
“You know, when Jarvis called me to tell me you were in trouble this wasn’t the kind of trouble I expected you to be in”.
“I made sure Jarvis got everything you needed and he told me you read all the information the association sent for you” Tony saw the man look around to all the things and toys and the soft little blankets carefully set all around the room. When Steve finished his little checkup, he looked back to Tony, and it was almost funny that a guy who weighted more than 200 pounds and was over 6ft tall looked almost insecure, as a big dog who’s been scolded for chewing on something he shouldn’t have.
"I can see you're very comfortable there." Steve spoke up and smiled as two pairs of brown eyes looked up at him.
I'm not sure if Fluff Therapy even exist but I'm aware that people with mental illness such as anxiety, PTSD, OCD, conditions such as autism and situations such as rehab or reintegration to society (felons) are sometimes designated a therapy animal or companion, the most common being dogs. We are all aware of Tony's issues and condition so I too my approach through this.
“Are you hearing the nonsense coming out of your mouth? Yeah, this situation really is a great way to get emotional clarity,” Tony snapped.
“Go wake the doc in case any of these men still have a pulse,” Rogers orders, reloading his gun and turning back to the street. “I'm gonna go cuff—” But Turk’s gotten up, seemingly under his own steam, and Rogers barrels off after him.
For all that it seemed an ordinary book when Wong first set it in front of him, it sits wrong now in his hand. When he hefts it, it feels heavier than a book of its size ought to, yet it added no weight to his saddlebag at all. The binding that appeared to be common cowhide proves unsettling to touch, familiar and yet unlike any leather Tony can name.
A car from a rideshare app takes Steve to North Beach. He rents a little powerboat and spends the time it takes to reach the island not thinking about anything. Once he’s out on the water, he eats the pizza he bought from a street vendor at Fisherman’s Wharf. It’s cold and congealed and probably wasn’t any good even when it was hot and fresh, but it’s been awhile since he could eat crap without worrying about the consequences, and he wants to indulge himself while he can.
The longer he holds it in his bare hands, the surer he is that the book is breathing. It throbs minutely against his skin, the pages inflating and emptying like a bellows. He wonders if it’s readying itself to speak.
Red Wolf breaks off to find Fisk. The armor keeps Tony upright while he holds off the others, hungover and exhausted as he is. He hasn’t had enough water, or food for that matter, in recent days, and the heat of the armor has parched what little moisture’s left in his mouth.
Urich's spectacles have a smudge of printing ink on one lens, obscuring his leery expression. “And what’s that?”
It’s dark outside the bedroom windows when Steve returns. He washes Tony again, feeds him, strokes his hair. He’s still in his uniform, only removing his gloves when he needs to get his hands wet.
“So,” Tony plows onward, “I wanted to tell you that, even if you’re stuck like this, without the serum, there’s lots you can do.”
They get to their feet; Tony sees Lester on the ground in front of the casino, a bullet in his forehead. There are plenty of other gunmen still standing, though, barrels pointed at them both.
Everyone needs to be held accountable for their actions. Even superheroes need oversight and to face justice. Why can’t Steve see that the SHRA needs to be enforced so it isn’t replaced with something even worse? Why can’t he see that Tony is trying to keep them safe? Fighting Steve is destroying him, but he has to keep going somehow.
He leads her through the living room, the dining room, the den, the spare bedroom they use as a TV room. The idea of showing her the space he’s turned into a workshop makes his hair stand on end, but she just hums when she sees it and makes another note on her tablet.
“That’s not even the best part, Pep,” Tony is saying, and then he completely loses track of what he’s saying, because identifying the particular cluster of nanites he’d used to make Steve’s toy and unlinking them from the rest of the network is proving more difficult than he thought, and a feeling of pressure on his cock is telling him that Steve is using that toy. Right now. With a strong grip and a punishing pace.
Steve hasn’t told her what Jan told him. Natasha hasn’t mentioned knowing about it before now. But already she’s talking about it like they’re on the same page.
Steve has no fucking clue. He doesn’t know how to be with Tony like this—or maybe at all. “I want to stop—reacting in anger.” It’s inadequate but it’s all he has right now. “It’s just that no one else gets under my skin like you. It’s so easy to be furious with you.”
It turns out what Steve wants is to bend Tony over the bed, slick himself up, and fuck between his thighs. He bites Tony’s shoulder when he comes, drawing blood, and laps it up as he starts thrusting again.
Steve smiles, broad and pleased, and how is Tony supposed to keep his distance when Steve looks at him like that?
Daisy’s a good horse, though her face is more like a donkey's than a horse's. She’s a Kentucky Saddler, as are many of the horses in town. Steve’s own, Apple, is a Morgan, and pretty as a speckled pup. He rode one just like her in the war.
he seemed to get some sort of readings from doing that and was muttering about how the vashta nerada will hopefully take care of them
There’s a roaring in Steve’s ears that has nothing to do with the volume of gunshots. Sharon’s still yelling, the crowd is still pulsing and bellowing. Why isn’t Tony moving? Is it Steve’s blood, was he hit again, what’s—
“If you ever do, I hope it is not while you have this book in your possession. He has a power greater and darker than my own, one to rival even the evil contained in these pages. If there is an earthly man capable of using this book without being consumed by it, it is he. He would have a power no man should wield, and him least of all.”
Didn’t they both just say it? Does he need Tony to grovel and cower enumerate each one of his mistakes? “You know why.”
He’s still arguing with JARVIS five minutes later when the doors slide open with a pneumatic hiss. Jan steps forward, her arms crossed. “What’s up, Steve?” she says. She’s smiling and her voice is friendly, but Steve can see she’s tense and doesn’t want to be talking to him.
it turns out this library is super shady though and the dark parts could decide their treaty is over at any moment though and eat us so ttyl ::heart emoji::
. That’s it exactly, Cap. You know me so well. Jesus, did you even tell anyone you were going on this mission? You didn’t, did you? Is it—” he cuts himself off. “Look. I know I—fucked up. It’s been, it’s been shitty, you’re on the run, and that’s on me, so, you can just—tell me what you need and I’ll get it for you. Or get you the money for it. I mean, I can’t get you back into the States, I’m working on it, but I know people out here. Don’t—you can’t just—”
Tony looks at his hands. They’re tangled up in each other, and though he doesn’t remember arranging them like that, he tries to center himself on them the way he would on a stubborn knot. Remove ring finger A from between pinky and pointer finger B.  “The—the stuff at the end, yeah. Of course.”
“And now you’ll do anything for me.” Tony grins. His teeth are porcelain-white. “What do you want today, Steve? Maybe we want the same thing.”
Tony trudges onward, propelled by the reaching, rigid hands of the dead. He passes another man in Union blues, a man with a noose still around his neck, a woman with amber brown eyes and handprints on her throat, and a man in a Confederate uniform. He wonders how many of the soldiers he’s pushing through like brambles are riddled with rounds from Stark Repeating Rifles.
But that’s sort of what I mean. He asks out a lot of people. If he’s interested in me, why hasn’t he asked me out?
Everyone tells him it’s supposed to be foggy and gray. He wonders if Tony’s found a way to bring some Southern California sunshine out here with him. As the first thought he allows himself to fully form about Tony, it could be a lot worse.
“I’m always leaving my stuff here, and last time instead of taking my spare coat I just hung it up in the closet, and then I figured I’d leave a pair of boots here, too, and—”
“She mention me?” Tony asked, his car doors unlocking with a click as he approached. “She must have some adorable stories about babysitting me back in the day.”
Still not looking up, Tony picks at the label on his beer bottle. “Okay.” He sighs, and when he finally raises his eyes to Steve’s face, they’re huge and tawny and liquid, with halos of amber around the irises.
“How the hell…” Tony looks up at his contraption and the paper it shouldn't be able to produce. Behind him, the man is walking away. “Hey, mister, don't you want your fortune?"
unknown. the children tackled the creature and overpowered it so we made our exit. however evidence suggests it was the librarian
“Now you’re getting it. All the details are right here.” She taps the file folder on the table between them. “When not in the field, your movements are confined to the Helicarrier, or other SHIELD facilities on a case-by-case basis. You can be Captain America, but you can’t be on any superhero teams. Ms. Marvel will lead the SHIELD-sanctioned Avengers. That’s the gist.”
Transforms 3 basic chosen tiles into yellow protect tiles, each with a strength of 60. Stuns 2 random enemies for 2 turns and downs Captain America.
Steve wishes, not for the first time, that they weren’t like this. “I was surprised. To see you.” Surprised, shocked, awed, worried he was dreaming. Surprised is close enough. “I didn’t think you wanted to be anywhere near me.”
Stark doesn’t move beyond his shoulders shifting with each breath. The barkeep, Thurlow Nodding, comes by and Steve asks for some water, rye bread, salted herring, and a beer for himself.
He might not even know what’s happening to him. Steve could sever his brainstem before Tony knows he’s moved.
(a) are you still sane (b) was it cthon because he is BANNED from this plane of existence and should know better and (c) how many face tentacles did it have
Distracted by thoughts of Tony—Tony, meeting him at the pretzel cart, still covered in glitter from a night at Club A; Tony, putting on pajamas, wrapping himself in blankets, and sitting right next to Steve to watch TV, even though there’s five other couches in the room; Tony, as Steve imagines he looks in the morning, comfy slippers on his feet, rubbing his eyes, demanding coffee and a cheese omelette—Steve almost misses the flash of yellow and black ducking into the crowd.
Steve’s expression is fierce; Tony feels it scorching with its intensity even as he fails to determine what it means. He searches Tony’s face as if he’ll find an answer there—though Tony doesn’t know what for.
"Promise me," Steve says, one arm going around Tony's shoulders, pulling their bodies closer. "Promise you'll stand with me."
Steve’s trial might last hours or weeks. It might be an excruciating dream, the kind where he can’t feel or move or even decide where to look.
Tony draws Steve’s bottom lip into his mouth. He licks a line across it, sucks on it, slowly releases it. Steve groans. The sound reverberates through his skull. Sensations of Tony flood him thoroughly. He’s buoyant with it, nearly shivering: sharing breath, tasting the wet of Tony’s tongue, holding each other in their arms.
A curse from the direction of Veteran’s Hall steals Steve’s attention; it’s Clive Straughan who’s airing his lungs, and from the sound of it, Daisy’s gone and stamped off one of her shoes again.
This is possible, but inadvisable. L-space exists perpendicular to our own relativistic reality. Prior to you observing it, we have no way of knowing where or when my own L-field will, at any given moment, connect to those encompassing the Archive.
Leave it to Steve to repeat Red Skull’s mistakes all over again. Tony wonders what Steve asked the Cube for. A soulmate worthy of the Hydra Supreme Leader, perhaps. Whatever it was, he’s not expecting Tony’s best self. He’s not even expecting an equal—let alone someone superior.
Pepper sends a bouquet to Steve’s office. He’s never been given flowers before, and he’s never seen a bouquet like this. It’s huge, a patchwork of textures, shapes, and sizes united by color: crimson peonies with honey-colored centers; golden marigolds with scarlet shot through their petals; flame-like birds of paradise; branches of plump kumquats; and red and yellow gerbera daisies mixed among them all.
There’s a little patio in the back, with kelly-green picnic tables, crunchy gravel underfoot, and potted plants in tin containers. He finds an unoccupied corner of a bench and squeezes into the table, letting the buzz of activity flow around him. His smoothie is named after the Hulk, probably because it’s green rather than any other reason; Steve hasn’t seen Bruce eat much kale or seem particularly interested in coconut water, and suspects the concept of drinking wheatgrass would induce smashing-type behavior more than anything else. He scarfs down his sesame bagel with scallion cream cheese and then his protein omelette breakfast bagel sandwich with egg whites and Swiss cheese and then he’s thinking about cheese again.
“Peanuts from the vending machine don’t count,” Steve replies, eyes twinkling. “You can pick the pizza toppings.”
“You don’t look like you need iron shoes hammered into your hooves,” Tony observes, wondering how fast he can get in his armor if he has to.
Create tile if Cap takes more than 2095, 1575 from a member of Team Iron Man, or 1300 from Iron Man himself. Destroy all Escalation tiles if there are at least 4 Cap Escalation Tiles. Generates 1 Yellow AP for every 3 tiles destroyed.
“If they want me to look like I think this is a good idea, they’re going to be disappointed,” he’d said.
“This is what you’re getting.” When Tony draws away and releases Steve's hands, it’s to fit a bar gag in his mouth and strap it in place. Steve tries to knock Tony's arms away; Tony disregards this entirely. He flips Steve onto his belly and presses his face into the mattress, arms pinned behind his back.
That part of it doesn’t seem to have sunk in for Tony, yet. To him this is still a wonderland, a dream come true. Literally, probably. Steve’s dreams—well, Tony’s here, and there the similarity ends to the most recent and vivid dream he can remember. At any rate, Steve is going to let Tony live his dream, try to enjoy how much Tony is enjoying it, and put off reminding him what this means for them.
yeah evil robots having free rein of a planet-sized library’s worth of resources seems like pretty bad news
Tony's lips and mouth are still too dry, and leaning the way he is stretches the limits of his weakened muscles, but Steve has a hand on the back of Tony's neck, Steve is holding him, Steve is hot and wet and solid.
Each time Tony visits, Mugwort and Slovenwood are sitting at a poker table. Night after night they come to the saloon and the hotel to play their cards in silence; they’d probably be sitting in the casino, too, if it hadn’t gotten itself burned down nigh on a week ago. They don’t say a word when they catch sight of him, but the way they look at him is enough to set his stomach churning.
“No?” Tony laughs again. He catches Steve’s wrists in one hand, his movements instantaneous and effortless. “Can’t stand the reminder of when you were the one calling the shots? Or do you just like to pretend you never noticed what you did to me?” His expression darkens. “Disappointing you is devastating, you know, for those weak enough to care.”
“What the hell’s wrong with you?” the man—Brian someone, Tony thinks—yells, trying to push Steve off him.
Steve moves before Tony has a chance to hide the tears welling in his eyes. No time to explain, to stop himself from flinching. But Steve doesn’t pin him or grab him or hit him, just stands there, so close that, when his lungs inflate with air, the scale mail meets the surface of the undersuit.
The mud thickens. His clothes grow heavy with it. His trousers turn green with algae. The sun is fat and bright behind him, casting his shadow black as pitch over the murk before him. A mosquito bites him behind one ear. Water seeps through the leather of his boots and into the wool of his socks. His soles are sucked into the mire with each footfall. He pulls them out with sickening, sloshing sounds. Something splinters underfoot; he thinks it’s the bones of a human hand.
The next time he slips into the water, he dislodges a buried log. Except it floats to the surface and it’s not a log, but a human body, bleached white as a dead elm. Tony recoils and falls. He catches himself before he lands ass-first in the mud. Forcing a deep breath of the dank, peaty air, he continues on.
Yeah, Steve’s been wearing a lot of photostatic veils lately. Tony isn’t quite sure what to do. His instinct is to give Steve a hug, but doesn’t know if they’re there yet. Just—hugging each other without asking or trying to wind up for sex.
People make the mistake of thinking that lying is special. Lying is not special. Everyone does it, in the same way that everyone relieves their bowels, embellishes on their resumes, hates getting stuck in DC rush hour traffic, and makes questionable romantic decisions at various times in their life.
. Still, it was reassuring to hear it. To know that he was confident he remembered enough to pass off that he remembered the same kinds of things everyone else did.
There’s no reply but the sound of another step. He doesn’t know why he’s so sure it’s Steve. It could be anyone.
has to help make sure all this happens on track,” Tony adds, arms in an expansive gesture to encompass the room, the space station, the whole of United Space. He bites his lip, eyes darting to one side, says, “Especially now that I know that’s where you’ll be.”
“What do you think I’m trying to do?” It’s the loudest Tony’s raised his voice. His rage and frustration is a mirror of Steve’s own.
Carol comes by, carrying a cardboard case of six slender glass bottles with artful labels and old-fashioned script. Steve recognizes it as a luxury brand of sparkling water that Tony liked. After a brief discussion of Avengers business—ostensibly the reason for her visit—she pops a cap off one of the bottles and offers it to him. “Hey. Wanna not get drunk with me?”
“Well, there y’go,” Stark declares, shutting the device back up again. “Shall we test it?” Without waiting for a reply he gets to his feet, bustling upstairs and then back down again with a sack of roasted beans.
Rather than look at Steve, Tony turns his attention on the little panel attached to his bed frame. He presses the button to tilt the head of the bed so that he’s practically sitting up. His head is closer to the height of Steve's now.  Fiddling with the controls, avoiding Steve's eye, is easier than blurting out every need thought that enters his mind. And, well. Tony knows he's a coward. Steve certainly knows that too.
Steve had been training with Winter last night. He wonders whether Loki isn’t helping him any more, or if Loki just didn’t know. “And he’s okay now?”
The almost-mouth turns up into an almost-smile. “A crane. If you like feathered folks, how’s this: who’s killed the greatest number of chickens?”
“No,” Steve says, and this is the reason he hadn’t been asking Tony to hang out with him, because what if he said no? What if, since everything that happened between them, he’s just tolerating Steve for the sake of the team, the school? Well, Steve’s decided that if that’s the case, he needs to know. He steels himself to go on. “No, I mean, not for training, or not only for training, I thought it’d be fun?”
Natasha nods. “Yes. James and I tracked down a defector and—” the discussion is soon taken over by logistics and intel. The AIM attack seems like a sure thing, at this point, they just have frustratingly little idea of what they’re after or when they might strike. Still, preparing a defense is a puzzle Steve can at least begin to solve, and he’ll take his victories where he can.
A search of Steve’s rooms reveals nothing, not that Tony expected anything different. What’s weird isn’t the absence of evidence, it’s the absence of anything at all. There are no books, photos, sketchbooks. It’s like an empty apartment on the helicarrier was given the window dressings of a place Steve would live—a big American flag on one wall, a single framed photo of the Avengers. There isn’t even a spare pair of boots for Tony to wear.
As a result, by the time of their encounter, his mental programming had begun to deteriorate and glitch.
“Oh.” Steve scratches the back of his head and shuffles his feet. “I’d love to. But I already have plans with Tony, actually. I’ll be there for your set tonight for sure!” he adds hastily. “Wouldn’t miss it.”
Tony and I visited the Avengers’ headquarters in another universe and met another version of the two of us.
Now Steve will laugh. Or knock Tony to the ground and bring the edge of his shield down on Tony’s neck. He’ll leave, or stay just long enough to tell Tony what a fool he is. Or, worse, try to be kind. In the spirit of his promise to compromise, he’ll tell Tony that he’s flattered, but he’s never thought of Tony that way.
“Do you know, I asked them why they wanted to talk to me about Sam instead of talking to Sam about Sam?”
Create tile if Iron Man takes more than 1250 damage, 1100 from a member of Team Cap, or 1045 from Captain America himself. Destroy all Escalation tiles if there are at least 10 Iron Man Escalation Tiles. Generate 2 Red AP and 1 Yellow AP per tile destroyed and 1 Green AP for every 2 tiles destroyed.
Tony doesn’t know where this faith in him has come from, amidst all this, but it doesn’t matter. “I would’ve if I’d been drunk.”
There’s supposed to be another Avengers team. All sides of the war over Registration, cooperating. Steve’s supposed to be in charge. Of the team, of what’s left of SHIELD, of restoring people’s faith in heroes.
Soon Steve fucks him again, though this time he opens Tony up slowly, fingers slippery, like this injury alone is a line he’s refusing to cross, and when he leaves, Tony is still picking himself up, come and lube sliding down his thighs.
Tony tries to see Steve as an artist would. He tries to flatten his perception into two dimensions, carves it up according to lightness and darkness. Here a patch of sun, here a shadow, here a highlight of molten gold haloing his head.
Tony stops trying to keep time. Steve hits him when he misbehaves. When Tony refuses Steve’s urgings to hail Hydra, he whips Tony’s feet. When Tony refuses to speak entirely, he hurts Tony until he screams.
His eyes flicker open briefly. Tony has taken Steve’s arm in his own and arranged himself so their hips and torsos are pressed together. What’s woken Steve is the feeling of Tony letting his head fall to one side, landing on Steve’s shoulder. He smiles down at Tony’s closed eyes and smooth, relaxed face, and then unconsciousness takes him.
When Klithua and Brickenn are trapped on a damaged star cruiser on a collision course with a white dwarf star, he divulges to her that Earth’s solar system was the first to disappear, and that he is a galactic fugitive from governments and criminals alike because he possesses singular knowledge of the forces behind the culling of the stars.
Today Tony tastes like whiskey and a woman’s genitals. When he finishes fucking Steve’s face, his come tastes sweet, like he’s been eating nothing but fruit.
Tony Stark, the most advanced manufacturer of guns and weapons on the continent, one of the only men in the world who could make a device capable of such a thing, is crouched beside him, blood drying on his fingertips, shaking.
After they eat, Tony says, “Can you tell me what city we’re above right now?” and Steve reaches out and holds Tony by his wrist, resting his skin against Tony’s soulmark.
The bedroom door is open when Tony reaches the top of the stairs—but it isn’t the bedroom—the walls are gray and sterile, covered in electronic panels and hardware, and Alicia is already standing inside, regarding him coolly—or it looks like Alicia, but her hair is dark, and her blank expression is a mask, a gold plate fitted over her face. A voice that sounds like his own says,
When James said he remembered everything and Natasha said she had moved on from James shooting her, they each knew the other was lying.
“Right, of course,” Steve replies, finally finding a clean pair of sweatpants and stuffing them into his gym bag. Of course, of course Tony doesn’t want to talk about being sick. He wants Steve to pretend he doesn’t know he left the lecture earlier that morning.
“What little girl?” Tony tries to follow Steve’s gaze across the park, but the streets are empty. The fog is back, thick and tinged with the rusty orange of twilight.
Tony shudders, a small moan escaping him. Steve chuckles and licks him again, slower this time, leaving Tony’s skin clammy and exposed. Steve’s hands make their way to Tony’s hips, his thumbs still driving into Tony’s ass.
This was back when they were first friends, best friends, and it felt almost safe to have those kinds of hopes. Maybe the whole experience should have taught him that they want different things from each other.
. That’s what a good partner would do. Tony could do it the right way—gentle, understanding, patient—and let Steve decide if and how to answer. They can acknowledge the fact that there are things Steve thinks he needs to keep secret from Tony. Get it out in the open instead of letting it fester. Set an example for openness, even about the things they hide.
“I was saying, are you sure you want to take on renovating and redecorating this whole place by yourself?”
This doesn’t make sense, and Steve hates it. Tony’s thrown his support behind this invasive, tyrannical initiative, he’s turned his back on Steve, on everything they’ve shared, he’s responsible for the deaths and incarceration of those he once called friends—and now he says he’s stepping back and letting Steve fucking execute him. Tony knows something, something important, and he’s keeping it from Steve.
“I care entirely about the spell being broken right now,” Steve said. “I wasn’t just making up an excuse to kiss you.”
“That’s the one,” Steve says, voice calmly authoritative. “Before Hammer and Stone have time to recover from today.”
“It wasn’t supposed to be like this,” Tony says, and he could be talking about the war. He could be talking about Steve holding him. “I knew you’d hate the Act, I knew we’d—argue—but I didn’t think it would be a war.”
A Stark Industries lawyer brings Steve a letter from Tony. For a brief period, time moves again as Steve reads it, curled over himself on the bench in his cell, then reads it again, again, again. Time might be moving too fast now—Steve’s thoughts are, too fast for him to pin down.
“We tell everyone that Tony and I are together,” Steve says firmly. “Just a little sooner than originally planned.”
Without thinking—because when does he ever stop and think—Steve surges to his feet, stepping to block Tony’s path. The room spins. He gropes behind him for the bed and falls back onto it.
Fighting Carol is, strictly speaking, the very last thing Tony remembers. But all he can think of now is what happened before Steve left for DC.
God, it’s been so far from Steve’s mind he’s never even noticed the way Tony acts around him, the things Tony would do—has done—for him.
Steve reaches for him, cups his face in one hand. Tony lets him. He touches Tony just on the outside boundaries of his body, like he’s trying to lift a shed dragonfly wing by its edges.
Tony tears it off the roll on its perforated edge. He reads it. It’s not one of the fortunes he’d had printed.
Steve doesn’t leave the room for more than a few minutes at a time, to get food or to conduct fast, furtive conversations at the door, his body blocking Tony from seeing who he’s speaking to. Tony can’t remember the last time they spent this much time together, just the two of them, for anything other than Avengers business. Maybe they never did. Maybe that’s another memory he’s lost forever.
Together they get most of the mud off his face, and then Steve can breathe again without feeling like he’s inhaling and exhaling wet soil. “You got my message?” he asks faintly, pressing himself into Tony.
Tony is, hand to god, speechless. Steve really does want the world to know about them. God, he really, really wishes Steve were here.
He keeps the cookies on his lap while he opens the presents. Amora’s is a homemade liqueur—or so she claims. Stephen’s gift is a charm that he promises will protect Tony from whatever’s really in the so-called liqueur. Amora pouts. After a few more gifts—a 22-pound wheel of Monterey Jack from Carol, a box of roasted acorns from Doreen, and a growler of artisan beer from Thor Odinson—she leaves.
But this is what has to happen and fuck, Tony doesn’t believe in any kind of life after death but if there’s nothing then that means there’s no pain and if there’s no pain—maybe it’s like being drunk. Maybe it’s quiet there.
“Not even when the crawfish whistles on the mountain,” Natasha replies, already lifting up a chunk of silver to give it a good look.
Steve’s looked at him in hatred before. This is worse; Steve looks resigned. He already knows Tony’s going to disappoint him.
“Okay,” Steve huffs softly, “that’s not what I thought you’d ask. Well." He chews on a lip. "I think it depends on what changed, and who changed it.”
Steve almost expects to feel something when he assigns a taskforce to find Lukin, Faustus, and Zola. He doesn’t.
Steve sits on the floor, face pointed, unseeing, at the window, and lets a sob escape his lips. Each heavy breath wracks his shoulders.
A smiling man meets Steve in a lobby that feels like a marble and glass monument to art deco decadence. He has the glossy, too-smooth features of a low-tier Extremis upgrade. He passes Steve a keycard without touching him or addressing him by name.
to be, to hone and create and develop their powers—whether or not their own baseline is in the middle of the bell curve.
When Steve meets Tony’s eyes, he wears an expression that Tony hasn’t seen before, not closely; he’s avoided looking directly at it. It’s the way he looks at Tony across a battlefield.
Cyan light from the marquee of a closed-down gas station cuts through the orange-tinged fog, illuminating a snowflake as it falls, right in the scant gap separating Steve’s face from Tony’s. The wind picks up. Another flake catches in Steve’s eyelashes, then the shoulders of his coat, in the skin of his knuckles, on the tips of his ears.
“Fine, right, I get it, you’re Captain America, you can do whatever you want, how dare I interfere. Did it occur to you, Rogers, that I
“No,” Steve says, hating this turn the conversation has taken. He hates being reminded how fragile Tony’s health was before the arc reactor, about the shrapnel that’s still lodged inside him.
Another option is JARVIS. He probably has enough data that he’s already manifested a low-level L-field at the least, if not a full L-space node. So maybe you two can get him connected to where this multiverse’s L-space network has intersected with the physical location of the Timeless Archives
Coming up next week: Steve's cock. (Again.) Steve and Tony have a conversation with each other. Will one of them finally ask the other on a date?! (Yes.)
Tony had a plan for this—like he does for every eventuality, it seems—and his plan was Steve. What a joke.
One day he walks all the way to 9th Avenue and buys a fresh Tartine sourdough loaf. He spends the rest of the day recovering at a picnic table under a eucalyptus tree, eating chunks of bread with unsalted butter and looking out over the ocean.
“You think I killed Bill. And, and, you’re right, I was responsible for what happened, and you’re just, what, letting go of that?”
“Success” was here thought to have been achieved because it was believed that—even though the Asgardian sorceress who had been turning stoplights into unicorns and pigeons into barrels of flour all morning near Houston St. disappeared before she could be apprehended or interrogated—no civilians and no members of the team had been grievously injured or killed.
“I’m keeping these,” Tony says, mouth wet from Steve’s tongue. “It’s okay to shower with these, right? Nope, don’t answer that, I’m going to anyway, I’m not taking these off for the rest of my life, you want ‘em back, you get ‘em off my corpse.”
Steve blanched briefly at the words. Then, as the implication unfolded in his mind, a smile broke out over his face. “Yeah?”
“Okay.” Tony swallows. Steve watches his throat work, the way the sunlight plays over his stubble. “It reduces my lung capacity a little, too, so when I
Spencer may have the haircut of a Hanson brother circa 1995, but he also has the shoulders and biceps of a super-soldier, and Tony should know. So he’s quick to say, “I know the location of Caravaggio's
Escalation tiles cannot be matched or locked and do not fall. When there are at least 3 Team Cap Escalation tiles on the board, destroy all Escalation tiles (including those belonging to Team Iron Man) and generate 1 Red AP for every 2 tiles destroyed.
“Don’t be a dick, Tony,” Steve says, and when Tony glances up, Steve’s smirking, tentative and playful at once.
“‘Stark truths divulged by Hammer, Stone,’” Parker continues. “‘End of the Stone age: Iron Man is Target of Stone, Hammer.’ ‘Sticks & Stones, Hammer & “nail ’em,” Stark & Rogers.’ Etcetera.”
One of the women rides Steve’s thigh while she waits for a more active partner, and a couple of the men jack off onto his chest. Three people come on Steve’s face; one of them is Tony. A fourth takes hold of the gag, bending him back and getting to her knees like she’s going to sit on his face, but Tony catches her at it and yells her out of the room. The surge of gratitude Steve feels is distinctly out of proportion with the action, but he sinks into it, imagining that Tony’s is the only scent in the room, that Tony’s is the only mess cooling on his skin—that the hands in his hair are Tony’s, the grip on his bicep is Tony’s, the hand snaking up the inside of his thigh and the fingers searching his crease and finding the base of the plug—the grunts, the high-pitched moans, the smacks of a palm hitting taut skin, the wet sounds of mouths and genitals and skin and lube—all Tony’s.
He thought Tony saw him as a person. Not a comic book hero or a poster above his bunkbed at boarding school—a friend.
“How are you?” Tony asks at last, lifting his chin and angling his face so he has a better view of Steve.
(And yes, there’s already a Captain America in the game with a red power of the same name. It’s a good name.)
Steve notices the hickeys while Tony fucks him. They’ve bloomed into patches the color of worn ballet slippers. The way they dot Tony’s flawless chest is almost artful, disorder drawing attention to the perfection underneath.
Mostly, this consists of doing what he thinks Steve would do. Or, put more plainly, acting by hook and by crook to accomplish what he thinks Steve would want done, even if it’s a bit twistical. He’s never been too sure Steve’s way was the best one, though Steve sure as a gun thought his was the only good and just way. Tony misses the rows they used to have—the speculative ones about right and wrong, anyhow.
It’s nice sitting so close to Tony, Steve thinks, shifting closer before he realizes what he’s doing. As his eyes drift shut, he hears Rhodes, who’s already resting his head on Jan’s shoulder, say, “Yeah, man,” followed by a yawn, and then soft snores. Jan and Pepper are still chatting quietly, but none of it sounds like words to Steve.
Some days, if Steve finishes his work early enough in the day, he can catch Stark before he's sloshed.
Finding his voice, Tony confirms, “In spades.” The swarm of paparazzi that flock to this event comprise one of the reasons he usually sends his invitation back with his regrets and a check with a lot of zeros.
The Asgard crisis dealt with, the public reaches for comfort and familiarity. They look to Steve. Steve has nothing to offer them.
“I meant—I was thinking of the house in Pleasant Hill,” Steve says. “Or maybe the mansion. But I meant you.”
“No more so than usual,” Steve teases. Seeing the serious expression on Tony’s face, he sobers and adds, “No, not like what you mean. Like Robbins did something we missed? Some side effect of you having the Gems? No, I don’t get that feeling at all.”
He’ll do it again, Steve repeats to himself. He’ll do it again. This is the most comforting thought of all.
He should’ve been able to catch himself, at least. To roll to his feet. Instead he pushes himself up and finds his arms slow and heavy. His vision tilts and whirls and he shakes with the effort it takes to sit. His body looks as young and strong and ripe as ever, but his muscles feel sore, spent.
All of this should be familiar. He’s been tortured before. Arguably worse than this. He should know how to handle himself.
When Tony knocks on the door of the man’s hotel room, though, it swings open, unlatched, and rather than Tillard, a toff in all white is ransacking a chest of drawers. Tony doesn’t need a second look at the swell’s shiny albino gator boots to know he’s one of the fellas Steve had told him to keep an eye on.
Their reemergence has been spotted. Mugwort and Slovenwood are pointed their way, looking mad enough to swallow a horned toad backwards. Steve aims his gun at Mugwort, who’s closest; Tony ignites his gauntlet and blasts a wall of fire across the ground separating himself and Steve from everyone else. Mugwort reels back before righting himself and regarding the fire with disdain.
Days used to have names, used to form narratives and constellations. There used to be someone to sit beside to gaze up at the vault of heaven and count the stars.
The video winks out, leaving the room in near complete darkness. Of course, Steve can see in complete darkness. For him there’s plenty of light now to gaze down at Tony—his sleeping form, the speck of glitter that’s stuck in his eyelashes—and panic.
He’s used to having a borrowed body. This is one he gets to pick what to do with, mostly, even if Tony’s the one who owns it. So it’s easy, really, to owe his body to Tony.
Tony was in love with him. He said it like it was a given, something Steve already knew, and here, now, alone on Tony’s bed, face crusted with dried spit and come, Steve knows it’s true. It’s this thought that curls him into a ball, clutching his knees to his chest, letting sobs wrack his entire body. He cries until he’s empty. His body is a void, his tear ducts dry. He’s filled only by the gag and the plug, the places where Tony left substitutes for himself.
“Of course you do!” God, they’re still not having the same conversation. “That’s why I—that’s why we need to be on the same side. People idolize you, Steve. We all do.”
Stark's been worse since Bucky died. Steve’s not sure why, since he didn’t think they’d even met more than a handful of times. Still, it’s been a month at least since Steve saw him drink this much.
This, to Tony’s great relief, seems to baffle his opponent. Furrows form at the top of the gatekeeper’s head, as if he’s frowning absent eyebrows. “Well, what is it?” he asks at last.
be involved in a conflict being handled by the Avengers, but who has inserted himself nonetheless, increasing the danger to himself and others.
He could be alerting SHIELD right now. He could have his team already surrounding the mansion. He could be using that computer he’s replaced his brain with to revoke all of Steve’s overrides.
Steve learns to tell without a second glance who’s using Extremis. Not all of them are beautiful, or even confident. They still dress in old hoodies that smell like weed and sweat and tobacco, they still wear Birkenstocks and yoga pants and carry scarves and jackets even in summer, they still wear high-heeled boots and department store skirt-suits, still wear essential oils and off-the-rack suits and thrift store neckties, still shuffle across the city on the ragged hems of their too-long blue jeans. But they’re young—they look young, all of them—and they move with the desperation of the young.
“Does that” —Tony tries for a bright, flirtatious grin, knows he’s missing the mark— “mean you want to come back to my place?”
Steve’s smile gives Tony goosebumps. It’s bright, and just the way Tony loves to imagine it. “Try me.”
“And don’t mind being photographed with,” Spencer adds. “So make sure the veil is coded to someone you can stand to gaze at all doe-eyed.”
“We have a lot to talk about,” Steve says, slow, jerky, unsure of his ground. He pushes himself up by his elbows and scrubs at his face. “Have you talked to Pepper? Carol and Rhodey?” Steve should call Maria, too, and the Avengers. Reed will want to hear from Tony. Tony will probably need to talk to his lawyers, too. “I can call—”
Generally, “correlation is not causation” is a mantra repeated by students and teachers of introductory statistics courses, and refers to the fact that, while rates of drowning go up at similar rates and similar times as ice cream sales—that is to say, are correlated—ice cream sales do not, in truth,
“Shit, thanks.” Tony wipes his hands on his apron and grabs the box of pasta from beside his cutting board. “Sorry, what were you saying?”
The bugs are practically swarming when he turns a bend and finds not another pulsing pink pathway as he expected but an open plain of sun-yellowed grasses and white flowers. A river cuts across the whole horizon, reflecting a dark, moonless sky—though Tony’s sure the last time he was out at night, on the balcony of his rooms in Doom Manor not a full day ago, the moon had been waxing gibbous.
“It’s.” Tony swallows. He’s not sure which is more disorienting; Pepper’s politeness in the face of his wild disassociation, or the fact that he can
Most of the artists Steve shows him are from the first three or four decades of the 20th century. Tony tries to think of something thoughtful and encouraging to say in response to Steve’s enthusiastic digression into mid-century modernist realist painting, but instead he thinks how happy Steve looks, gesturing with a french fry, a vivid, eager look in his eyes incongruous with the image he’s brandishing—a lonely painting of a man by himself in a corner office. Tony thinks about MOS transistors, OLED screens, about the darkening violet sky and the corners of the horizon that look almost green, about the bright pink neon diner sign casting magenta highlights across the pavement, about how Tony can never deserve someone like Steve, Tony’s a liar and a killer and Steve’s—Steve’s—
This catch’s Stark attention. His eyes search Steve’s face with an intensity Steve doesn’t know what to make of. Then he smiles wide as the Mississippi. “You bet,” he assures Steve, toasting him with his flask before taking another pull and walking away.
“Holy shit you guys are good,” Tony says. He and Steve are still in bed, waiting for the breakfast JARVIS sent out for to arrive.
“Yes, please do.” Tony turned on a tablet and rested it against his bent legs. “This is definitely the perfect time to have a heart-to-heart.”
Luke reaches the ship and starts prying it open in the same moment that Steve loses contact with the helicarrier.
“You could anyway, if you wanted,” Tony says. “But that’s not what I was thinking. I was thinking something you’d actually feel good about.”
Tony doesn’t have time to react, even if he’d wanted to. He doesn’t even have time to close his eyes. Steve’s shield, carried on his free arm, grazes Tony’s hip as Steve shifts his weight.
tweeted that you’re America’s new favorite couple,” Spencer says, sounding as if this level of publicity offends him on a personal level.
Tony stops in at the saloon now and then to chat with the ladies of the line, or sometimes to buy a general treat for all company present and eat the free lunch that comes with a man’s first drink order of the day. Thurlow’s good enough to take his money and fill glasses with water without comment.
Victor keeps to himself, consumed by the book—or consuming it, is more like. He calls it the Darkhold, and the topic of its contents dominates his dinner conversation. It’s enough to put a man off his food, which is already easy enough to do to Tony since he quit the drink, but he makes himself eat the hearty stews and doughy, plump bread set before him.
Destroy all Escalation tiles if there are at least 6 Cap Escalation Tiles. Generate 2 Red AP, 2 Yellow AP, and 1 Green AP per tile destroyed and 1 Purple AP for every 2 tiles destroyed.
They take turns flogging the vaults of his feet, first with a switch, then a cane, and he cries out after barely a minute. He bites his tongue and tries to sink into the part of his mind that severs him from sensation, but he can’t. He knows it’s only going to get worse. Other parts of the body adapt to impacts. The soles of the feet don’t.
The three strange men keep popping up around town. Steve’s seen them more than once in each of the town's saloons, playing their cards and dice, and three times again at the hotel. He’s caught them going in or out of Fisk’s casino twice that over again.
In this case, “civilian” refers to a bystander who is not an active member of law enforcement or peacekeeping efforts, and therefore
“You’re the one who put me in charge,” Tony says groggily, burrowing his face into Steve’s shoulder. “Having second thoughts?”
"Hmm," Tony says with exaggerated slowness, like he's weighing his options. "You'll probably have to stick around to make sure I hold up my end of the bargain."
Of course, she couldn’t be completely sure that that is where the lie lay. But, along with revising the list of who she holds dear, Natasha had decided some time ago that, as far as her teammates were concerned, she would take everything they said at face value unless objective facts contradicted it.
Tony laughs and sputters and then altering gravity is part of the game, too. They start pointing to which wall they want gravity to be oriented to as well as indicating how strong it should be. Sometime after Steve has completely lost track of which wall was the floor when they first came in, Tony has caught him three times, Steve has caught Tony twice, and now Tony says, “One more?” So they move to opposite walls, count to three, and then push off into the air again.
“I’ll try to disregard that if we need to communicate while we’re still under the spell. Can I ask you a yes or no question?”
Tony is put to rest among the stars. Steve doesn’t know if Tony had asked for this, but he thinks Tony would’ve appreciated that his funeral service involved a rocket being shot into space.
“What do you want, Steve?” Tony sinks back into his seat, though he turns it so he’s facing Steve directly now. “Because I can’t just forget what happened.”
Steve doesn’t know if Stark's ever been in the sheriff’s office sober. Or as close to it as he gets these days; if Steve swallowed that much liquor, he’d wake up still drunk.
“Sure,” Sam says. “Just don’t forget I took a class on close reading and modern poetry last semester. I hope you appreciate constructive criticism.”
Tony stares at him for a beat. Then his eyes drop to Steve’s lips, and before Steve can make sense of that, Tony has surged to his feet to kiss him.
Steve figures no response is necessary to a sentence like that, and they fly the rest of the way back to campus with barely another word exchanged.
Doom speaks in a droning language that feels like footsteps over Steve’s grave, the sound carried by the wind alongside ash and sand.
They move in tandem for a moment, a perfect mirror, and then Tony darts to the side and doubles the gravity, just as Steve bounces his shield off the wall above him and curves down in a nautilus-shell spiral and calls for the computer to quarter it. In the end, he grabs Tony by the knee, ending the game in a draw—though Steve suspects Tony let him win intentionally.
Tony frowns. There’s a tufted dandelion seed in one eyebrow, like he just he’s just blown them off a seedhead to make a wish. “Then what’s up?”
They don’t ask him any questions. They don’t make demands. They beat him until he screams and sobs, until his vision fizzes with stars, dims into black and back out again.
Shards of the Skrull Iron Man’s faceplate scatter over the ground. Its chestplate is dented, caved in just over where a human heart would be, and one of the palm repulsors has gone dim. The other Captain America is favoring his left leg, his reactions are a fraction of a second too slow, and it looks like his jaw is dislocated. The false Iron Man approaches Steve from behind while the Skrull Captain America falters from Steve’s last hit. Steve slams one elbow back, hitting Iron Man’s helmet, striking out with the shield on his other arm.
Rogers is still calling out to the whole town. “Throw off the dual yokes of tyranny and corruption! Take back Timely with me! Don't be afraid to claim the streets and demand to live in a free land!”
“Well,” she says, undeterred, “I’m sure together, the two of us could get into one of his really good parties. He’s even sexier in person, I swear. He moves like some kind of jungle cat. Those really jacked ones, you know?”
He scoops Tony into his arms, barely pausing to break away from the kiss, and carries him down several hallways. When he stops, they’re in a suite of rooms, and Steve sets him down on a bed with a blue bedspread. Tony’s head swims. Steve runs his hands all over Tony, pressing into Tony like he’s trying to keep him from crumbling. He undresses them both and pins Tony to the mattress while he fucks him. Steve says he wants to see Tony’s face, which Tony has imagined him saying so many times. He uses Tony harshly, and Tony’s imagined that, too. He comes, and Tony can feel the pulse inside him. He’s never done this without a condom—not that he remembers. Steve barely pauses, rolling onto his back and taking Tony with him, taking Tony by his hip and wrapping another hand around his dick, his own cock still hard, driving into him from below. He holds Tony up so Tony can ride him. It’s draining and dizzying but it’s worth it for Steve. Tony doesn’t look away until he throws his head back and stifles a cry. Steve follows soon after, pulsing and grunting, taking in Tony’s thin, sweat-sheened body, the mess still dripping down his abdomen, never letting his eyes fall shut.
Trees splinter and uproot, falling aside for a Tyrannosaurus rex that stomps into the battlefield. Its roar is earsplitting, shaking Steve to his bones. The sound is palpably
“If Ultron teleported into this room, or an army of Doombots marched up, hell, if Thanos or Galactus showed up, I know I could count on you.”
“Gimme a moment, Mister Urich,” Steve says. He doesn’t want to leave Stark to himself in this state.
He’s gone for hours. Steve’s thoughts deteriorate into a tangle of counted breaths and suppressed thoughts.
Stark breaks their gaze, turning and scooping up a tumbler of booze. He tosses it back and smacks his lips.
The instant before the Skrull reverts to its true form—sharp and inhuman, the same green as the jungle—is seared in Steve’s memory. This is what it would’ve looked like, that last fight of their war, if the first responders hadn’t pulled Steve away.
Steve. please. I’m begging you. I’m literally begging you. try to be a little more genre-savvy. we’re at a superhero school. some of our classmates are literal sorcerers and magicians. and we fight gross interdimensional monsters, like, once a week. do not go through the secret door. I already see a landing coming up we’ll be right there
"Can I talk to someone?" Tony calls. Steve closed the door behind him, but Tony’s voice should be loud enough to carry. The silence that follows reminds Tony that he hasn't heard any footsteps from outside the room, nor an intercom. "Hello!" he says, as loud as he can.
Tony's mouth is dry and his brain feels singed at the edges in a way he associates with painkillers and magic. A cold liquid drips from an IV into the crook of each elbow. Instead of the faint smell of hydrogen peroxide that he associates with hospitals and infirmaries, he's hit by the stench of ammonia. He blinks his eyes open. His gaze falls to his arms; there are markings scattered across them. In what looks like black greasepaint, sigils, circles, and shapes are written over all of the skin visible to him. His fogged brain tries to latch onto what the scent of ammonia reminds him of, and then he looks up and the thought flies from him because Steve is sitting at his bedside.
Steve and Sam spend the afternoon tossing the shield back and forth like a frisbee all over the grounds. When they start heading to the residential side of the compound, the sun is settling down on the horizon and their conversation is comfortable, if spare.
Victor waits for him in the sitting room closest to the stables, and Tony spares a moment’s gratitude that he didn't come out to talk while Tony was standing about in Apple’s stall, petting her mane and talking to her like she might answer back. There are bits of hay and horsehair all over his fine borrowed suit, not that Tony cares a continental. Victor is in his armor and cloak as always. Before him at the table, like a place setting for some bibliophagic soiree, is the Book of Sins.
Last autumn, Jim Rhodes came and spent a fortnight in Timely. They’d gone to a market a train stop away and Rhodey’d brought back one of those big jumpin’ jack pumpkins. It’d sat in front of Tony’s forge long after Rhodey returned to his steamship, until it began to grow soft and rotten. The thing folded in on itself, a wide crease curving up like a smile.
They sit in bed and watch one of Steve’s old movies. Steve makes microwave popcorn. After the second film, Tony asks, “Don’t you have an organization to run?” and Steve pins him to the wall and undoes Tony’s robe.
Tony slips, the pad of one foot sliding off the floor and leaving him unsupported. It wrenches his arms, pain exploding across his injured side. A moan escapes him, and he blacks out.
Tony gives his head a shake, like he can dislodge the intrusion into his consciousness. A little girl watches him from the meat-substitute section.
If you know 1872 by heart or have read it recently, I won’t be offended if you skim until you get to the non-canon bits.
In one corner of the room, the man in the fancified white suit shuffles a deck that’s tall as a pint glass. He deals out an abundance of cards to each of them, and his stack’s barely half-gone. Whatever game they’re playing, it’s not according to Hoyle. The fella in green sets down the ace of hearts and the ace of diamonds. The man in black puts out a pair of aces too, and either the light’s playing tricks on Steve’s eyes or they’re both red, too. The one in white plays his cards next: another pair of red aces.
and if you’re in this library but don’t see him you have no way of knowing when you are and could get eaten
Tony gave a small half-shrug. “I’m over it. I never will be. I won’t need time to process it and think about it. I don’t think we can figure it out.”
“It’s his ass,” Steve says sagely. “It’s hypnotic. Reporters get so distracted they forget to be total shitheads.”
She softens a little. “He’s okay,” Jan says after a moment. She looks him up and down, no doubt taking in his sweaty gym clothes and disheveled appearance. “Is that why you’re here?”
The men talk amongst themselves as they work. The one with the loudest voice also has the most to say about their task. He ponders what will be the most painful, debilitating, humiliating.
“Tara’s doing a long-con in Ankara for the next two months at least. The London Spank! You’ve always wanted to do that one, right babe?”
Natasha shrugged one shoulder. “Then there’s no problem.” She flashed him a brief smile, then headed down the hallway. “You coming?” she called over her shoulder.
I’m gonna add some to the tower and not tell any of you naysayers *cough*janandrhodey*cough* where they are or where they go
“Hey,” Winter Soldier says when the meeting’s ended and everyone is standing up to leave, “wanna hang out while I practice?”
The passages wind like a coiled spring. His surroundings are not pitch-black, though by rights they should be; he lost all sight of the sun some turns ago. Instead the not-quite-round tunnels are lit from no direction at all by a flickering glow, as if by a distant fire.
Steve hums. “Y’know,” he says slowly, “I’m not sure this is the right bed for us. I think you’re going to have to convince me.”
Steve’s eyes widen in surprise. Tony’s staring at his own feet and doesn’t notice. “In my chest.” He taps the arc reactor, the metal of the gauntlet clacking against the casing. “There’s not actually anything
When someone says to you, "I'm not going to kill you," do they mean in this moment, or ever? When someone says something impossible, like, "I'll always love you," do you accept their intent or suspect that they are lying to keep you complacent? When someone says, "I'm not going to shoot you," do they mean that they will torture you instead, perhaps by coercing you into listening to their relationship problems? If your lover tells you that you're beautiful, that the scars don't matter, that the wounds you have healed from are over, that no matter what was done to you or you have done yourself you are not a monster, that you should wear a bikini anyway, if he says all of that and more, do you believe him? What if you feel the same way about him—that he is more than his history, more than a weapon, more than violence, that his survival is the most beautiful thing about him, that the best revenge is to live a happy peaceful life, that there's no need to wear long-sleeved shirts all the time, that really a speedo is the best look on him—then, do you believe him?
Wong’s in Chinatown when Tony finds him, talking with a man selling hot rice from a cart. When he catches sight of Tony, Wong drags him by the shoulder into a narrow alley in the thicket of tents and shanties. “You here about that book, Stark?”
It ended with James—mental programming intact once more—pursuing Natasha through the forest for two days straight before she was able to rendezvous with her contact. She considered herself fortunate that the bullet James had fired at her in the moments before her escape had left her with only a graze.
Steve sighed as he tried for the god knew what time to explain to Peter that he couldn’t go to ‘mama’ because Tony was very ill, or so he claimed, it was only the flu but Tony liked to dramatize everything. Either way, none of them wanted Peter to get ill too, so while Tony remained confined to the bedroom until he wasn’t a walking source of virus anymore, Steve was left in charge of Peter. It had been quite easy, Peter was a well behaved child, easy going and very loving, but as soon as he noticed Tony’s absence all hell broke loose.
“Is that all?” Tony crossed his arms in front of his chest and waited for Steve to say something else and the man actually opened his mouth but seemed to think twice before shaking his head “Great, now you can leave” the brunet made a dismissing motion with his hand.
“I didn’t like her anyway” Tony shrugged and kissed Vela’s cheek, smiling at her. “Let’s look for papa, he must be waiting for us, ntanda” he coed at her, earning a very eager nod and a few babbled words as he started to walk out of the room, followed closely by Okoye.
Tony couldn’t bring himself to hate the guy, hell, he barely knew him furthermore than all the historical information about him, and he wasn’t about to judge him based on that like many people had done to Tony himself. But he couldn’t help but hate the person Steve became thanks to his obsession to get his friend back; he had put worldwide peace at risk, he had become a criminal, he had dragged people with him, same people that had lost their families thanks to their decisions –and no matter how much Barton and Lang had tried to blame it on Tony, they were grown ass men that decided to go against the law-, Steve had torn the team apart despite Tony’s desperate efforts to keep them together, Steve had turned his back on him without a second thought.
And he took Peter back to the living room to try to entertain him for as long as he could, hoping that Tony would get better soon, or else he might go crazy.
Things would’ve been so different if Steve would’ve just trusted him, if he had just approached Tony and explained everything, sure, Tony would’ve broken down and lashed out in anger but he would’ve had time to process everything, to come to terms with it, if Tony had only known before he would’ve even helped Steve to look for Barnes and help destroy Hydra once and for all to make them pay for all the crimes they had committed, instead Steve decided to hide information, to act as if Tony’s reaction had been out of place. Now that he thought about it, Tony accepted his actions had been wrong but his reaction wasn’t; he had had the right to be angry, he had just been betrayed for the very person Tony had given his trust to, the very person Tony had though was on his side, he had seen his parents die and it was like it had been them dying all over again, right in front of his eyes and not twenty something years ago.
Of course Barton, the big asshole, had taught Peter to call Tony mama. Sadly for the archer, his plan backfired because Tony didn’t mind being called that, after all how could be called such be a demeaning thing when he was raised by a great woman and had been around great women all his life? Peggy for example, so being compared to them was more of an honor than an embarrassment.
The next time, Steve had woken up in a hospital room feeling like he had taken the beating of his life, with Sam right by his side, and the first thing he asked was if Tony was okay and where was he; Tony who had been one among the thousands of targets of Project Insight.
“Oh, this is gonna be so much fun” Tony said, getting back up and setting the kid on top of the laundry machine.
"Of course, I'll see you in ten, sweetheart." Steve ended the call after Tony told him to drive safe.
The sight that welcomed him was quite… Not what he was expecting at all. There was Tony alright, lying on his side and curled up on the bed, his head resting on one of the many pillows and his hair a tangled mess, which usually meant that the man had been sleeping quite a while, and that made T’Challa feel more at ease knowing Tony had been resting properly. The thing that was off in the picture was that there were at least 6 cats on the bed, tiny kittens in various positions all over the bed; there was a tabby lying as long as it was across a pillow, there were two white kittens curled up on Tony’s hair, there was a black kitten snuggled right beneath Tony’s chin like a fluffy scarf, and finally, two more cats, also black with a little bit of white on their paws, lying near Tony’s chest. It certainly wasn’t what T’Challa had in mind but he wasn’t complaining at all.
And maybe Rhodey was starting to become just a little paranoid but with how things were at that very moment a little paranoia came in handy. Friday’s reassurance went to shit when he heard the voice again, this time much closer, humming a tune, setting his nerves on edge. Rhodey wasn’t the ones to believe in ghosts and all those ridiculous things, but hearing a female voice singing in the middle of the night when there wasn’t supposed to be any women well, it could spook anyone.
Across the room, Tony rearranges himself in his seat again. Steve thinks he can hear the wood frame of the chair creak all the way from where he’s sitting. He wonders what subject Tony’s trying to study that has him so restless and frustrated, and why he’s here at all instead of getting help from JARVIS.
Natasha’s journey to the Forbidden Zone had been a quick and direct one from Moscow. “Quick and direct” is a phrase which here means that Natasha had stolen only one vehicle more than the official mission plan, and strangled only three unanticipated men with her thighs.
It had already started to get dark outside. Around four hours had passed since Steve had left, and Tony hadn’t seen hide nor hair of him. Not even a phone call or an instant message. How many freaking reports hadn’t Clint made? Tony felt more and more nervous with every passing minute. At this rate, JARVIS might kick him out of his own workshop if he continued losing focus.
Yes, I know, I know. Another short chapter. But I guess I do like it that way, otherwise, it's more difficult to find the time (or energy) to write. Besides, the longer the chapter is, the lazier I get and I don't check for spelling and things like that n_n'
"Because it's just not right!" Tony insisted, sitting down again and grabbing his head with his hands, an overwhelming sensation of frustration and anger taking over him.
Being frequently pushed to go beyond and try things that hadn’t been agreed on beforehand was starting to be too much; playing a baby role, wearing childish clothes and diapers as well as being carried around had reached a level of embarrassment that wasn’t endurable anymore; experiencing a new headspace proved to be more disorientating and unsettling than was thought; continuing age playing entailed the risk of someone finding out about it, and the exposure which disclosing that kind of information would cause might be a bit too difficult to handle. Those, those were the kind of reasons that Steve was expecting to hear. Those reasons would be totally understandable and foreseeable; so foreseeable that he’d already begun thinking about solutions, limits, and compromises which could make things easier for Tony and which would allow him to keep age playing without the anxiety it was apparently causing him.
On movie nights, Steve was usually the one who got to choose the film – after all, he was the one who needed to catch up. He started to pick movies which were increasingly less violent and not appropriate for all ages, eventually choosing animated ones. Clint complained at the beginning, arguing their lives were too chaotic to be able to really enjoy apple-pie and happily-ever-after-ending movies, but soon he got so engaged in the film that Coulson had to ask him not to sit down so close to the TV.
The problem was when the idea that had grown in his brain was something Tony wasn’t willing to do, something he didn’t want to carry out, because no matter how much he tried to get rid of that thought, the more he ignored it, the bigger it grew.
“Yes?” Steve said, taking his eyes off the book he held in front of him and turning to look at Tony. He chuckled more when he saw him writhing next to him a bit too melodramatically, something that could only be described as a pout on his face. “Why the face?”
“Let me know if he shows any signs of having nightmares,” Steve asked JARVIS on his way to the living room, still tiptoeing. He would watch some TV and be very quiet until Tony woke up. Then, they could have some quality time.
“Good, because Daddy likes carrying his beautiful and brave baby boy a lot,” Steve assured. He tickled Tony’s side playfully and a warm feeling spread through his chest when he heard his baby giggled.
“I think you do, so please tell me.” Steve pursed his lips when Tony shook his head. “Are you still jealous of him?” he inquired. Tony drew up his free leg as he nodded shyly. “But why?” Another shrug. Steve heaved a faint sigh. “Tony,” he said in a warning tone of voice.
“I do,” Steve said, reaching for a diaper and unfolding it as fast as he could, afraid Clint might back out when he remembered Tony’s diapers had very childish designs on them and were almost three times as thick as the pull-ups he usually wore.
“So?” Steve urged, Tony fidgeted in discomfort. “Okay Tony, help me out here, because I’m very confused. You got upset because you don’t want me to be Clint’s daddy, but even if that came to happen, I just don’t understand how that’d be a problem. I’m nobody’s daddy, and that’s only because you were the one who didn’t want me to be your daddy anymore in the first place,” he pointed out, and he couldn’t help feeling a bit bad when a shadow of dismay crossed Tony’s face. “Am I wrong?”
“It’s good to know you’re aware of that,” Steve exclaimed, “but that’s a topic for another day,” he hurried to say when Tony opened his mouth to argue, “I know there’s always a reasoning behind your actions, and if you believe things would do more good than harm, you won’t hesitate to do them even if you have to sacrifice something in the process. The problem is your reasoning is not completely right sometimes, and I’m afraid you don’t always realize that.” Tony’s moue deepened at that. “So, Tony, baby, please, I need to know what happened, I need to know what led you made that decision. If I see reason in it, I promise I won’t say anything about it anymore.”
“No buts,” Tony interrupted, turning his head around. He was scowling. “I just don’t like it anymore. You said we’d stop this whenever I wanted, whenever I wasn’t comfortable with this anymore. So, I want to stop this right now.”
“You won’t have to lift a finger,” Steve assured, already visualizing the arguments there would be when Steve asked everyone else to do their assigned chores (no need for Tony to complain for an umpteenth time how useless it was to do chores when having a cleaning staff, it was all about acquiring discipline, learning to be responsible of their own home and it also served as a bonding time) and they saw Clint doing nothing.
"Huh," he expressed when the elevator started going up towards their floor, expecting Tony to still be in the workshop. "Is Tony sick or something?" He asked, looking up.
"I need to go and check something, don't worry about it, go back to sleep, I'll be right back," Steve promised, and Tony knew he was lying.
“Well, I take it back.” Tony’s eyes were looking everywhere but Steve. Surely he was trying to figure out an escape route. Steve was standing between him and the door, making impossible for Tony to leave the room without having to dodge him first, which was going to be very hard for him – impossible, actually.
The first spank fell almost immediately, causing him to yelp in surprise. He was expecting Steve to start lecturing him as he usually did -clearly this wasn’t the first time he found himself lying across his lap- but he didn't. The second spank was delivered right after the first one, and then the third one, and the fourth one. Tony failed to chock back a whine, even if he wasn't a fan of lectures, they helped him to focus on something else than the swats, and that somehow helped him to get through the whole situation in a more dignified way, for Steve’s voice avoid his brain to just concentrate on the pain and the stingy sensation on his butt.
The fact that Clint was hugging a stuffed animal to his chest and wearing what clearly looked like a diaper wasn’t what unsettled Tony, but rather the fact that Tony had to refrain himself with all his might from going down there, a strong desire of occupying Clint’s place taking over him.
Therefore, Tony couldn't go and look for Steve to ask him to baby him just like that, could he? That would be crossing yet another line, and Tony had already gone farther than he had planned, so he doubted doing that was a good idea. It would be better to stay right where he was and wait for reason to kick in. Eventually, his brain would realize there was nothing to be afraid of and that daddy's presence wasn't required.
“There’s nothing physically wrong with Sir, Captain. However, he seems to be experiencing a lot of distress,” JARVIS said. Steve stepped up the pace at that, his super soldier hearing already detecting the sound of tiny strangled sobs that became stronger the closer he got to the nursery. Tony was crying, and everything was wrong with that. Steve was hit by an overwhelming desire to comfort him, as a boyfriend or as a daddy, it really made no difference to him.
“When… when you leave,” Tony tried to rephrase. Apparently, the misery he was experiencing had provoked him certain obliviousness, as he hadn’t realized Steve’s exclamation wasn’t the result of not having understood, but rather than just pure and utter shock.
“Oh Tony,” Steve said guilty, hugging him tightly and rubbing a hand on his back. “This is the only part I don’t like doing, so please stop being so stubborn and let’s go to rest a little. How does it sound, Huh? Kiddo?” Steve talked to his ear and he knew Tony was relenting when he just nodded and clinched his hands to his t-shirt.
“So, how about we get on with the assignment, sweetheart?” Steve suggested, and he was a little taken aback when, instead of whining or pouting as expected, his baby flushed. “What is it, baby?”
Determined to stay true to his promise, Phil returned his focus to the closet. He would go inside and do everything he could to coax Tony out of there. Then, the three of them would go back to his floor, and hopefully, in less than an hour he would have two littles taking a nap peacefully, giving him enough time to plan how he would entertain them for the rest of the evening.
“We’ll have to get some chests and shelves to store all this,” Steve commented, rubbing his thumb against Tony’s stomach. In front of them lay all the toys that Tony had bought, and even if they were perfectly organized, Tony couldn’t deny it would be better to store them somewhere. They might not use the guest bedroom, but Steve liked to keep it clean and tidy anyway.
“Daddy doesn’t like it when you lie,” Steve informed, “if you don’t need a change, how come all the rattles on your diaper disappeared?” he asked, smiling fondly when Tony started to pull his t-shirt down in a vain attempt to cover his diaper. “Come here, sweetheart, let daddy get you out of that icky diaper,” he said, walking closer to Tony.
Steve came out of the elevator, thankful for not running into anybody on his way, and went straight to his room. Balancing Tony on his hip to free one of his hands, he used the free one to open a drawer and take out all the supplies he needed. He sat down on the bed, but when he made an attempt to put Tony down, his little boy opened his eyes immediately and clung tightly to his t-shirt.
“Clint! No running inside!” Steve scolded, though he knew he would let him run as much as he wanted if that prevent him from continuing crying. Man! He would even race him if that helped.
And they had indeed. Getting Clint in the shower hadn't been easy, Phil had had to chase him all over the kitchen, only catching up to him when he slipped on a puddle of milk and fallen down, landing on his butt. Then, Phil had had to comfort him before coaxing him into taking a shower. And because there was no way he was going to leave Tony by himself, he had taken him into to the bathroom with them, sat him on the toilet and asked him to wait for them. Tony had disliked the idea, since he still wanted to go to his room and put on something to cover the pull-up he was clearly not comfortable with showing. A huge pout appeared on Tony’s face while he continued pulling down his t-shirt, his eyes fixed on the door.
"Who gives a teddy bear away on Valentine's?! You should’ve given me the same thing you gave me last year, you with a red ribbon.
“No buts,” Steve warned, and he hurried to continue in order to avoid giving Tony the chance to argue any further, “and I don’t want to hear you say anything more about it if the only thing you’re going to do is disagree with me.”
“Wot?” He tried to ask, and that’s when he realized his thumb had somehow found its way to his mouth while he was sleeping.
Steve was sure he would have to put up with a moody Tony the following day, anger – as well as avoidance – was a common side effect when he pushed Tony into some Little quality time. No matter how much Steve had tried to make him comfortable, Tony still got pretty embarrassed when his adult headspace took over again. Eventually, Steve knew, Tony would come to terms with his Little side, but until that happened, Steve was more than willing to be there for him.
Steve interrupted him right away. “No. If you want to talk, why don’t we talk about what happened there in medical,” he suggested, and even though Tony’s face was still half hidden, he could see how the color drained from it as well as how horror clouded his eyes at those words.
Yes, that must be the reason. It was the first time Tony saw Steve being so close to someone else in what Tony considered an intimate way, so it was understandable Tony felt uneasy about it. He had wanted to go where they had been and take Clint’s place because Steve was his boyfriend, and that closeness was supposed to be shared just with your partner and no one else.
Although Tony was short-tempered sometimes – especially when he was under a lot of pressure, overtired or sleep-deprived – aggressiveness had never been an issue. Tony would make a snarky comment about the situation first, instead of behaving in such hostile way. Steve had no recollection whatsoever of a single time where Tony had lost it during the time they’d lived together, and that was saying something; having to deal with obnoxious reporters almost on a daily basis as well as living under the same roof with a bunch of people with such peculiar skills and personalities was anything but easy. Tony had kept it cool when the press had gone crazy criticizing their relationship, or when a few of Clint’s jokes had gone overboard. It seemed like Tony was unable to be ticked off.
Captain America might be a nearly perfect human being, with peak human strength, speed, reflexes, among other skills; but that didn’t make him invincible, and Tony sometimes seemed to forget that. The reminders were always dreadful. There was just something terribly wrong with the picture of an injured and unconscious Steve, and Tony was afraid that image would be printed in his brain for a long time.
When Steve opened his eyes again, Tony was already fast asleep, the pacifier had fallen out of his mouth and a thin stream of drool had trailed across his cheek, dampening Steve’s t-shirt. Steve just shrugged and pull Tony a little bit closer. He could have stood up and lay Tony on the crib, but he wanted to enjoy more the closeness. He was hardly ever lucky enough to put Tony down without having the experience a huge tantrum before, and he was determined to take advantage of it.
Jeez, I didn't plan on taking this long to update, I'm sorry. But with holidays and eveything, I just couldn't get around to writing. And I guess I wasn't feeling like doing it either, I don't know why.
“Daddy,” Tony called, tugging at his sleeve, mouth open waiting for Steve to pop the fork into his mouth. Steve turned his attention to him right away and fed him.
First, Steve hadn’t really been reading the book, just staring at it lost in thought – there was no way Tony knew that, though. And second, Tony had been the one ignoring him, that had been why Steve had gotten the book.
“No,” Tony denied when Steve tried to push him away for him, throwing his arms around his neck to refrained him from going away.
“But you promised,” Clint whined, pouting harder. He had been pouting ever since Steve told him it wasn’t possible to have a puppy-shaped pizza.
Requiring more effort than it usually did, Steve rearranged the two of them until Tony was sitting sideways between his legs, with both his legs draped over one of Steve’s, shoulder pressed against his chest and back against a crib handrail, avoiding that way to support all Tony’s weight. Being able to have his baby this close and hug him was worth the discomfort, though Steve didn’t want to force his body more than he already was or the healing process would take more time.
Yes, those little things certainly helped, but they made everything worse at the same time, too. First of all, how could Tony expect to leave everything related to Age Play behind if he continued allowing himself to do such childish things? And second, however comforting all that was, it always left a nasty taste in Tony’s mouth, because doing something infantile only made daddy’s absence more obvious.
“Tony, I need to get the diaper, please stay here,” Steve pleaded before moving away to retrieve it, he really didn’t feel like chasing after Tony one more time.
“Baby, Clint needs me right now, I’m not gonna leave, I’m gonna be right here next to you,” Steve insisted, but the only thing he managed was make Tony cling harder to him.
Finding himself constantly craving for those things he claimed not to need was beyond shocking, and Tony didn’t know what to think about that. Whenever he was too stressed, he had a bad day or he was a bit under the weather, the only thing he wanted to do was going to look for Daddy and let him make it all better the way only he knew how. The feeling that nothing wrong could happen while being in daddy’s arms was the thing that Tony missed the most, and even though Steve hadn’t broken the habit of hugging him every chance he had, it just wasn’t the same sensation.
“Cheating? Why? I’m just here minding my own business and wondering if you’re more ticklish on your feet that you’re on your tummy,” Steve commented. Tony pushed him as hard as he could, but his arms turned to jelly when Steve blew yet another raspberry. A couple of seconds later, Tony found himself squealing in between an uncontrollable laughter.
“I said I have to finish this ASAP and I intend to do that, so if you please excuse me, I’ve got work to do.”
Squirming a little, Tony peeked over his knees at him, eyes sweeping up and down his body. Steve’s mouth thinned, the gesture being enough for him to understand what was in Tony’s mind. It was no surprise that his suspicions proved to be true. With slight difficulty, Steve stretched his arm, grabbed the top of the crib rail and pulled himself up to sitting position, his body resenting the effort.
With ease, Steve scooped Tony up and walked to the rocking chair, sitting down and swinging Tony’s legs up so he ended up sitting sideways, his back braced against Steve’s arm. Before Tony could take his thumb to his mouth, Steve grabbed the red pacifier clipped to the front of the onesie and pushed it into Tony’s mouth. Tony frowned at first, but soon started to suck on it.
“No,” Tony denied, and he was not surprised at all to hear the A.I. ignoring his answer deliberately.
It seemed Tony was willing to stay forever right where he was despite the fact that the position wasn’t the most comfortable one. Jeez! Even Steve had no problem with staying just like that for the rest of the day – the soreness not being enough to make him want to move away – but, unfortunately, their talk wasn’t over yet, and Steve doubted Tony would want to keep cuddling when he began to ask questions Tony would certainly not want to answer.
“Do you want to give it a try?” Steve proposed, being ambiguous on purpose. “Come on,” he encouraged, gently grabbing Tony’s arms and showing a warm smile when this one looked up at him.
“And how was I supposed to know that?! Are you all right?!” Steve said, confusion in his voice, as he got out of his shock and stood up, approaching Tony.
With a groan that sounded way more miserable than Tony had intended, he rolled over to the other side of the bed, where the sheets weren’t such a tangled and soaked mess, and he regretted right away. That side was impregnated with Steve’s scent – a combination of soap, cologne that could only be describe as old-fashioned, and the chalk Steve insisted on using to draw even if Tony had provided him with the best and finest graphic tablets – and when it hit his nostrils, his chest went uncomfortably tight.
“Answer me, please Tony, you’re worrying me. What happened? Are you hurt?” Steve asked, concern in his voice.
Tony got more restless, eyes darting from side to side unable to hold Steve’s gaze. “y-you-u,” he stuttered, voice so low even Steve struggled to hear it.
But, when he visualized the scene, instead of Clint’s and Phil’s faces, Steve could clearly see his and Tony’s.
Perhaps taking a short break would actually work. If Tony continued like that, he would soon find himself drawing on the papers and that would definitely piss Pepper off.
Clint shook his head as he whipped the tears with the back of his hands, but more kept coming. “You’re mad,” he said after a few minutes.
“It’s not that, it’s just–,” Clint trailed off, taking some seconds to put his thoughts in order. “Just don’t tell anybody. That’s it. I really don’t mind you knowing, but I guess I’d feel kind of weird if somebody else knows. I mean, it’s not like I’m planning on being little in front of anybody besides Phil, so I think it wouldn’t make much of a difference, but even so…” he stated, babbling a bit.
“Well, I don’t want to answer. That’s it. End of the discussion! Get the fuck out of the way!” Tony shouted, a vein popping out on his forehead, throbbing.
“It’s OK sweetheart, I’m gonna hurry so you can go back to sleep.” Steve tried to move Tony’s hand away, but Tony didn’t let that happen.
If Tony had chosen to go without diapers, Steve wouldn’t have tried to talk him out of it; though he wasn’t going to deny he was glad Tony hadn’t. Besides the fact that he thought his baby looked extremely cute in them, Steve could swear diapers helped him to remain in his Little headspace more easily.
Tony sighed heavily and grabbed his cup of coffee, taking a sip of it. Cold. Why was it cold when he just poured it…? Four hours ago. OK, that’s why it was cold. He stood up, stretching, and walked toward the sofa he kept there for nonexistent naps – seriously, when he was working on something that kept him from going to bed, naps were the last thing on his mind, but if he had the sofa over there people thought he did rest and left him alone.  Dropping down into the couch, he rubbed his temples for the umpteenth time that day, letting his eyes get closed and rest while he tried to calm himself down, the last thing he needed was a headache on top of all.
First, there was the fact that Tony had slipped into that headspace unintentionally. Steve was usually the one who eased him into his Little mindset and Tony was okay with that, since he couldn’t really do it by himself. So, it had been quite a shock when he found himself going into that headspace without Steve being around, and even more shocking to realize that he couldn’t surface from it no matter how hard he tried.
Tony didn’t like to share anything with Clint, not even Steve’s attention, as he did everything in his power to keep it all for himself. Clint would get a bit annoyed by that, and even if there were sometimes that he would let it pass thanks to the fact that he got easily distracted, Steve was afraid there would be a time when Tony’s uncharacteristic behavior would cause a fight between them. Needless to say he did not want that to happen. In his mind, Steve had always imagined them being playmates, he wanted them to be, and that would never happen if Tony kept acting the way he had.
“I just hung up, it’ll take around thirty minutes,” Steve informed, not sure if Clint was for real. The pout reappearing on his face showed he was. “Why don’t we go and play while we wait for the pizza?” he hurried to suggest holding out his hand to Clint so he take it.
As Steve kept agreeing to whatever crazy idea Clint came up to put on the pizza – some of them Steve was certainly not going to allow, but he saw no point on telling Clint that right now – he proceeded to finish diapering him and dressing him. A huge pout appeared on Clint’s face when he realized that the orange polo onesie and the plaid overalls shorts had been meant for him and not for Tony, but Steve didn’t have any of Clint’s clothes within reach and that outfit was one of the only ones which Tony owned – the perks of Tony and Clint having almost the same build – that didn’t look very babyish.
Steve hadn’t gotten a wink of sleep all night. Breathing was uncomfortable, broken ribs tended to be more sensitive and the mere act of inhaling and exhaling was putting too much pressure on them; his left arm was terribly numb, the splint becoming more constricting by the minute; the scabs were itchy and unpleasant, and that was kind of a big deal when there were more than a few cuts and wounds in various stages of healing all over his body; his head was throbbing, a full-blown migraine threatening to emerge; and, to top it all off, the lack of mobility had made his joints get sore.
Phil and Clint were still there, Clint perched on Steve’s lap, face hidden in the crook of Steve’s neck and arms around his waist. By Steve’s expression – a smile filled with warmth that crinkled the skin around his eyes – Tony could tell the archer was Little, and he didn’t like that in the slightest.
“Open up, baby boy,” Steve asked, brushing the nipple against his lips. Tony’s body tensed up for the umpteenth time that day. “It’s warm enough to drink now, if we wait more, I’ll have to heat it up again.” Tony looked up at him, and had to look away immediately, inexplicably uncomfortable under Steve’s affectionate expression.
“Oh, but honey, that’s for big boys, sweet little babies like you drink from bottles,” Steve explained as he rubbed his thumb against Tony’s tummy.
“I don’t think that’s going to be a good idea. I mean, I’m sure Tony’s done his own research about it, there’s nothing more I could say about the topic,” Steve said, reaching for a cushions just to have something to do with his hands, “and suggesting to give it a try? I guess I already blew that chance.”
Tony didn’t answer him at all, he just stared up at him. There was something in his eyes that Steve couldn’t read, and Tony continued breathing with difficulty.
"Oh, it's okay baby, I'll get you something to drink," Steve offered, already swinging his legs off the bed.
Tony stared at him for a couple of seconds, and when Steve thought he might refuse, Tony rolled his eyes and agree. “OK,”
“What is it, kiddo?” Steve asked, shaking his head a little as though that would help him to feel less sleepy.
But what happened when the seed of the idea wasn’t something he had come up with himself, but rather something that someone else had planted there? Well, it would eat him away until he carried it through, just like if it had been his own idea, his brain couldn’t care less about who the owner was.
“With your being so insufferable mother hen, I think you’d be a mommy, not a daddy,” Tony corrected, sounding serious even if his expression was a mocking one. There wasn't any hint that told Steve the word had been taken in a bad way, though it hadn’t been taken seriously either. Not really a reaction in the truest sense of the world, but Steve could deal with that for now.
But why was Tony acting like that? Steve tried to find the reason before bringing the topic up to Tony, as he was aware Tony didn’t really like talking about that, but he couldn’t understand why. He did get that some of the things Tony did were due to embarrassment. Tony might be in a stage where Steve could affirm he was comfortable with the age play, though things he normally did when there were only the two of them, were almost completely avoided when Clint was around. Therefore, he might be embarrassed by those things.
“JARVIS, please don’t let anyone in,” Tony ordered as he entered his workshop, making sure the door was locked behind him.
The nursery. Tony never went there willingly, not really. Maybe when he was completely into his Little headspace, but never when he was wavering in between his Little and adult mindset. Why was he there now? A tiny part of him wished that he had gone there to relax or something, that Tony was finally coming to terms with this side of him, but deep down Steve knew that wasn't the reason.
The vents were out of question, he would never be able to jump over there before Steve caught his feet to pull him down. There was nothing he could use to blow the damn door down. In his floor he might have some weapons hidden all over the place, but Steve being an expert in body combat, those items were kind of useless for him. Surely his shield would have to be somewhere there, but hey, messing around with a partner’s weapon was not something he did even if he was completely mad.
And that’s how everything started. That last thought was the one that made him suit up and punch and kick everything around the room – no repulsor beams, though. He wanted to smash what was in the room, not the room itself.
Suddenly, his legs lost all their strength and couldn’t support him any longer. Leaning against the wall, he let himself fall down to the floor, never stopping holding all that was left of his teddy – the arm. A sob escaped from his throat as he held the remains of his plushy to his chest.
“Yes, it is. You’ve been reading that book for hours! What’s the point of making me come to bed if you’re not gonna pay attention to me?” Tony protested, totally overreacting.
Reluctantly, and after hesitating a lot, Tony did, something for which Steve was grateful. If he stopped holding Tony by the waist in order to title his head up, his baby might try to run away. What a pain it was not to be able to use both arms.
Tony didn’t mind, or that was what he thought at the beginning. Watching Steve interact with Clint that way not only brought back the jealousy he felt for the archer’s Little counterpart, but also made him forfeit the progress achieved so far. His craving for age playing became stronger and more difficult to ignore, and without even realizing it, Tony found himself doing things he shouldn’t have.
After a few more minutes of silence, Tony spoke in a tiny voice. “You’re gonna leave, and… and I… I won’t have a daddy anymore.”
“Dinner’s ready. C’mon” Steve announced, gripping Tony under his arms and lifting him so his feet supported him, the latter still too sleepy to be able to restrain.
There were security cameras all over the Tower, in every single story. It wasn’t like they were there so that Tony could spy on their guests – when he had installed the cameras, he hadn’t even known he would have the Avengers living under his roof – but rather than detecting uninvited people and keeping a watch on some of his inventions which sometimes tended to wander around the building. It would have never come to Tony’s mind to use them to invade his friends’ privacy, because that was exactly what he would be doing if he looked at what Steve and Clint were up to through the cameras.
“How the hell don’t you know?!” Howard demanded before picking up the glass laying sitting in front of him, swallowing all its contents. It couldn’t have been water, Tony figured.
But Tony must have been thinking too loud – if that was even possible – because then Steve gave him the other look, a look Tony hated even more, the whatever-you-are-thinking-on-doing-will-just-make-you-end-up-over-my-knee look. Steve’s looks could be so explicit or Tony could get a little bit paranoid when he felt trapped, or maybe both.
“You’re ignoring me,” Tony complained, releasing Steve’s sleeve so he could cross his arms over his chest.
“I d-don’t like i-it in he-ere, wa-wanna go,” Clint admitted before throwing himself onto the floor, starting to cry freely. Steve attempted to lean over and reach for him, but Tony stopped him by pulling his shirt.
“OK, sorry. I guess I’m not making any sense here,” Phil apologized, taking some seconds to calm down. He took the closest cushion and placed it carefully on the ear Clint didn’t have pressed to his thigh.
To be honest, Tony didn't quite remember what his train of thought had been in that moment. That afternoon he'd been feeling Little, which had led him to drink in spite of JARVIS's disapproval, but those urges were starting to get very annoying and Tony had just wanted a break from them. After he was kicked out of his workshop – seriously, that learning system he provided to practically all his creations always came back to bite him in the ass –  the elevator took him to his penthouse, where he had to struggle a lot to make it to the hallway without falling down or stumbling on something. Somebody must have relocated the rooms, because the door Tony could have sworn led to his bedroom ended up leading him to the nursery; and instead of turning around and leave as he remembered deciding, he found himself going deep into the room, trying to put the side of the crib down, and when he failed, he clambered into it – something that took more effort and time than it should have.
"Glad to see that, and I hope your plans for the afternoon include an eight-hour nap," Steve commented, "please don't make me ask JARVIS to lock you out of the workshop.” He turned his head to look at Tony, the expression on his face warning Tony he wasn’t kidding. Tony nodded a bit shyly, an answer that apparently satisfied Steve.
Steve could have taken Tony to their room and change him there, but there was no way he was going to leave Clint alone, especially not when the latter would take any opportunity to try to go and look for Phil. So, Steve ended up deciding to wait until Tony fell asleep to remove the drenched diaper, and it took him only ten minutes to regret that decision. With everything that had been going on with Clint, Steve totally forgot about how much juice Tony had drunk. The diaper couldn’t hold that amount of pee, and it ended up leaking. That only distressed Tony even more.
There was a long pause before Phil answered, the kind of pause that told Steve Phil was trying to find the right words, “look, I get why you do it, okay? I know you’re having a hard time right now and you’re not doing it intentionally, but Clint doesn’t really like being babied, and he’s complained a few times because he says you do that a lot lately.”
Wearing diapers had not been discussed, Tony had never agreed to wear diapers. Yes, there was the fact that they hadn’t actually discussed anything, when Steve had asked Tony about what he wanted to do or not to do he had been clueless. Thus, Steve wasn’t really overstepping any boundaries. There weren’t any. It had been decided that they would try different things until they found something they both liked and enjoyed, and if there was something Tony dislike, he was more than free to use the agreed safeword.
“Sweetpea, please,” Steve pleaded, but Tony shook his head. “I’ll be right here with you, I promise.”
So many questions were giving him a headache. Tony just wanted Steve to stop. He just wanted the get the hell out of there, because the more time he spent there, the more he wanted just to bend over and hug him, to bury his face on his chest, feel his arms around him and listen to his voice very close to his ear, murmuring reassuring things. And Steve must have read his thoughts, because before he could even react, he was settled on his lap again, only this time he wasn’t facing the floor. Immediately, he hid his face against Steve’s shoulder, and silently thanked when Steve spread his legs so his butt didn’t have to be the one supporting the weight his body.
Seeing Steve’s shake of the head, Winter Soldier nods knowingly. “Thoughts of my love keep me awake, too.” Natasha pats Winter on the back without looking away from Steve’s face. Well, his hands and forearms, and the bits of his face that peek through his fingertips, which is all she can see.
Steve steps up to them. “Evenin’.” He nods at Stark, then turns to the stranger. “Anythin’ I can help you with? Mister….”
Tony watches him, head cocked. The skyline glitters beyond Steve’s window. It paints golden highlights on Tony’s skin, layering over the faint blue gleam that radiates from his implant. “I don’t have to stay here. It’s okay, I can—”
In the morning, Tony wakes to Steve grinding against Tony’s groin. But he doesn’t force Tony to participate further, doesn’t  penetrate him. He just rolls his hips, pressing his hard cock to Tony’s skin. Tony’s mouth is dry and his head is cottony. His limbs are sluggish, anesthetized by drugs and remembered pain. He cries as Steve ruts against him, forgetting why he’d been trying not to.
engines and fatally ejects their engineer above the Veiled Wreck of Sonti, Brickenn recounts a morning waking on a mountaintop, his breath a white vapor, dew clinging to viridescent grasses, the tops of the clouds a flat plane of eiderdown under a cerulean sky. When their medic is killed by a bacterium on the Computer World of Cancri Prime, and Klithua and Brickenn hide from the mercenaries of the Violet Needle Brotherhood in glacier-carved subterranean caves, he describes the oceanic behemoths that wander his homeworld’s oceans, some surpassing the size of the
“I was about to ask you how, if—how you could fight me like this,” Steve says. Tony’s eyes are huge and searching, like he’s waiting for the other shoe to drop. “But I guess I know exactly how.”
Steve leaves after helping Tony with the routine maintenance of his body. Tony stays there, sprawled on Steve’s bed, too weak to move, until the drugs in his breakfast flood his mind.
Winter wore on, bringing colder days and bad news out of Europe. Each night when the cold leached into his bones, Steve read, and gazed up at the constellations above to imagine the stars winking out one by one.
“Don’t worry, Tony,” Steve croons. “I’m here now, and I like you just the way you are.” He mouths along Tony’s jaw. “The man he wanted you to be wouldn’t know what to do with the power I’m offering you.”
An hour into the film, Sam excused himself to take a phone call. Vision went to make more popcorn. Wanda followed him, the two chatting about Sokovian street gangs. Rhodes was not in attendance; he was on a date with Captain Carol Danvers, the Avengers’ Air Force liaison.
“We’ll depart as soon as you’re ready,” Victor agrees, tracing one metal finger down the book’s spine.
James looked at her with heavy-lidded eyes, his eyes frightened and impossibly blue. Natasha wondered if those eyes were lying to her. “Is that me?” he asked.
Something is rising out of the sand. At first Steve thinks it’s a trick of the sun, but it turns from vapor to shadow-gray tendrils of smoke, and then into trickling tributaries and running rivulets like liquid mercury. Whatever Tony’s doing, it’s pulling the vein of silver out of the mines, molten and liquid, up through the earth.
