John has had a number of relationships in his life, and he’s not just thinking about lovers. There are important people in your life, people that define you, people who leave their mark on you. Sherlock is perhaps the most defining relationship of his life; no one has made so much difference to the way John thinks of himself. Soldier, son, doctor, brother, veteran; none of what he was before could have saved him from the slow death that awaited him after his return from Afghanistan. But then a mad, slightly dangerous, posh bastard came along and gave him new descriptors. Flatmate. Marksman. Conductor of light – whatever that means. Confirmed bachelor. Blogger. Partner. Friend.
They both slumped back in Sherlock’s chair, managing to find a position that meant John could breathe and Sherlock would walk away without a twisted back. His cock softening and beginning to slip out of Sherlock, John could only imagine what they looked like; John, naked and with a lapful of come and Sherlock, his hair drying more mad than ever and his soft cock still glistening in the firelight, naked below John’s favourite (possibly…probably ruined) jumper.
John manages a small huff that will have to take the place of a laugh, because he’s knackered. Maybe it was the run or the anxiety or the panic attack or a combination of the whole lot, but he could fall asleep here right now, wet clothes and all, and sleep the night through if it weren’t for worrying about Sherlock’s discomfort.
Sherlock pretended to ignore him as John picked up his mug and made for the kettle, flicking it on and turning back to lean against the counter while it boiled. “I mean… do you even own a pair of jeans?”
I have ever been and the most… real. I won’t lie; I like sex, but never at the cost of my place in your life because I like you more. I would be content with my own hand forevermore if that’s what it takes.”
It's more like ninety minutes before Sherlock spies John, sitting outside at a sticky, wobbly table - the only customer to brave the winter chill. At least it's not raining, Sherlock thinks. He has the feeling that John would have chosen the same spot even if it had been. John has a good line of sight on all the approaching paths that lead to this popular coffee shop. On a Thursday afternoon in early December, it is quiet despite its proximity to the children's playground and John spots him immediately. He straightens and watches him approach, and Sherlock is again gripped by the need to remind himself to breathe and persuade himself that he's not drowning - that he has choices, that he knows the costs.
The trip from Baker Street to Bart’s. The sense of horror, seeing Sherlock throw his phone away. He can hear the whistling in his ears that drowned out everything else as he watched the flutter of Sherlock’s coat as he hurtled towards the ground.
John starts out with casual inquiries when it gets to 6 p.m. and the places where the streetlights don’t reach are already pools of inky dark. He offers Thai food take-away, an offer of company if Sherlock is still at Bart’s and an uncharitable observation on the similarities between Anderson’s cognitive capacity and the Attenborough primitive life documentary he’s currently not watching.
"Do you mind?" John asks, holding up the book hopefully.
they share. It’s meant to be shocking. It’s meant to provoke. And John recognises that he’s meant to react to Sherlock’s challenge. He just doesn’t know how.
“…the days you can be bothered to change out of your pyjamas. Your
There is a circle of torches casting a gold glow on the silver bark of the trees and the wind is so still that there is almost no noise as it moves through the leaves. Behind him, John can hear the others following, Molly's little gasp and Mrs Hudson's, "Oh!"
He loved to take Sherlock like this, although he missed the kisses and the flicker of reactions that sped across Sherlock’s guileless face. But his back was eloquent enough, even through oatmeal cable knit, guiding him to where he was needed. He waited until Sherlock was full of his cock before he ran an open palm down his spine, gathering the sweat that glistened there. The soft hairs of Sherlock’s arse cheeks scratched against the coarser ones of John’s groin and thighs. The firelight glowed on their skin and highlighted Sherlock’s curls; less fluffy now he had begun to sweat a little.
The Holmes brothers have expedited their journey back to 221B; Mycroft by dint of green traffic lights all the way and the dark Range Rover that drives as if there were no ice at all, and Sherlock by scowling to anyone who tried to impede their progress through the hospital to reach it.
"No, no problem."
Sherlock texts him that night. He asks him about the garden, and about how he’s feeling. He asks him if he’d like to come to dinner later that week. John smiles to himself as he thinks about what to reply. Sherlock is a thirty something recluse with as yet unspecified reasons for having to leave the UK and John is an army veteran with PTSD who would rather live abroad than face finding himself an empty future in the UK. Of course this is never going to be as simple as ‘he loves me, he loves me not’. They are both men who need space and time to adapt, and Sherlock’s invitation is another step towards making something between them that works rather than a headlong rush into unknown territory.
Of course, John also sustained injuries; burns, a dislocated knee, his shoulder injury, fractured ribs and uncounted abrasions and bruises. These are things that would  slow any man who wasn't John Watson, but he doesn’t complain. After Mrs Hudson’s disastrous visit to the hospital where she had spent more time in tears than in bringing good wishes, Sherlock appreciates even more that John is one of the few people who talk to him and, outwardly at least, treat him as they always have.
“Well, we have a few years to iron out the details,” John allows calmly.
And, despite understanding all this, he cannot stop his body from awakening. John wants so deeply, so much, he aches with it. It's not an unfamiliar sensation when John is around this man, but he rarely indulges the feeling - it's just too complicated to untangle what Sherlock
Sherlock winces a little, and eyes John with unconcealed concern.
Sherlock’s heart thuds erratically again, his stomach a tumbling mess of sensation as he cups John’s jaw with his hands and lifts his face to press a chaste, hesitant kiss to his mouth. John flinches and tenses so hard that Sherlock fears he might bolt. With nothing to lose, Sherlock tries again. The gentlest nudge of his lips to John’s seems to invoke no response for the longest time, but there, finally, John’s mouth softens and Sherlock deepens the kiss. He sucks softly at John’s bottom lip, remembering exactly how that felt when the other John used to do the same to him, how intimate and how cherished it would make him feel. If John recognises some of his own technique, he doesn’t show it, but allows Sherlock a fraction more access to his mouth.
John squeezes his eyes shut and breathes through his nose. When he opens them again Sherlock is scrolling through the messages on his phone – he must have picked his pocket again. Strangely, distantly, John finds this reassuring and realising the insanity of that he chuckles, slightly hysterically.
And then came the snow.
, he types, but before he sends the message, his finger is left hovering over the screen.
“Are you coming in then?” John asks.
“…I know. You’re an idiot.”
emblazoned on the side. Even John can translate that one.
He sits on John’s left, as close as he dares and folds his legs beneath him. He can ignore the twinges and complaints from his own recovering body, but causing John pain with his thoughtlessness is something he is keen not to repeat. He leans forward and props his injured unsupported arm on his thigh and arranges the pad so he can steady it with that hand while he writes.
"Perhaps I do, but I'm not interested in any of the obvious things - I already know all of
His head pops around the corner from the kitchen.
"Are you too cold?" Sherlock whispers - he doesn't know why. His room isn't near any of the other bedrooms - they could make quite a noise if the fancy took them and no one would be any the wiser. A sudden image of what they might do to produce such a ruckus flashes across Sherlock's mind which is spectacularly unhelpful with the star of those imaginings watching him from only a few feet away.
“So you still don’t remember any of what happened at the pool?” John asks suddenly. He fists his hands in his lap and doesn’t look up to see Sherlock’s reaction.
And here it is – the moment, just like all the other moments he has horded the memories of, when it must surely be said, this thing, this connection, this truth that John has been carrying around with him for years now.
Sherlock shakes his head all the way through John’s little speech.  He hates the condescension in it, the assumption that Sherlock never would or could want something like this if he was in his right mind. That it’s a mistake he’s made inadvertently.
“No, you’re not,” Sherlock replies in a whisper that John clearly pretends not to hear.
Or maybe it’s Sherlock, standing at the window, his curls in disarray, haloed out around his head in the ethereal, unmistakable light of a snowy dawn that filters into the room.
John quickly coated his fingers and watched as Sherlock shimmied the fatigues lower so he could spread his legs, offering John the tempting display of his pretty, pale arse and the fine dark hairs that dusted his cheeks and thighs. Wanting to bend down and take a bite of such perfection, John groaned and contented himself with a double handful.
Sherlock groans and takes a proper grip on himself now. John feels like he might burst. He wants to reach beneath the covers and take himself in hand in the same way, but he can't drag his eyes away from his husband, pale golden in the light, swaying slightly when the train goes over points. There could be a reindeer migration past the end of his bed and John would be blissfully unaware, all his rapt attention on a lit rectangle 12 cm by 6 cm, holding his breath for fear that he will make a noise and miss one of Sherlock's little grunts or sighs.
They pick up the candles and go upstairs, John leading Sherlock to his room where he finds a clean sweatshirt and some pyjama bottoms for him. He tells him where the bathroom is, but Sherlock simply turns his back and peels himself out of his ruined clothes right there in front of John.
“You feel warm enough to me,” John declared, ghosting his lips up the inside of Sherlock’s thigh, following the seam line.
The guard blinks at him. “There’s no A & E here. You have to go to…”
Sherlock’s hips keep their smooth rhythm, pushing a little deeper. Sherlock’s fingers sweep the moisture from his leaking tip and find that beautiful spot, just beneath the crown. He rubs so perfectly, tiny circles with his thumb that make John shiver, moan and…
“Feeling better?” John asked, detouring to the kitchen. The kettle had recently boiled and he only took a short time to make a couple of mugs of tea, carrying them back into the sitting room. He plastered his most supportive smile on his face, looked up and froze as he held one out to Sherlock.
“You are, in fact, the entire reason I am here, this weekend. But in my effort to ensure that you were put under no pressure, I see that I have made you think that I am in some way embarrassed by being seen with you. Ironic really, considering that my reason for bringing you here this weekend was to ask you to continue being seen with me on a permanent basis.”
“Do we need to pick anything up before we go? What about your glasses? I could get used to those. They make you look smart,” John grinned.
He turned and pulled Sherlock into a sweet, slightly breathless kiss. “You never cease to surprise me, love.”
John has it all backwards! He is completely mistaken about the laws of cause and effect in this situation. Sherlock's fingers simply will not type fast enough or eloquently enough. He’s trying to refute every erroneous point in John’s argument and make him understand that this isn’t about brain injury - this isn’t impairment; it’s
“Open… open your eyes, John.”
“Right,” he says, “Well, I can come back another…”
"Are you... going to stay to watch?" Sherlock asks - his eyes shine in the low light of his berth.
John is trying to coax back Sherlock’s words and keeps chastising him for refusing speech therapy now altogether. Sherlock thinks it quite logical but can’t explain this to John; how could some therapist help him with something no one can fix? The words
"So did you always leave it so late to put up your tree? When I was a kid, if we didn't have the decorations up by the second weekend in December, Harry and I would moan until we did." As olive branches go, it's not much of one, but it's all he can think of on short notice and with a faceful of spruce needles.
John is a little bit thrilled and more nonplussed by this, and Mme Hudson pats him on the arm by way of a goodbye and disappears into the bakery.
His cheeks flushed with exertion and vehemence, John’s voice is growing loud and cracking, showing the strain of trying to be patient. “What you think you're feeling right now is not real and I can’t let you risk our friendship for something you will be able to delete and I won’t!”
After leaning down for a quick but deep kiss, John walked smartly into their bedroom, snatched up the bottle of lube from the bedside table and returned to his beloved’s side. Sherlock hadn’t moved, except his head was tipped back and his toes flexed against the rug, and John just knew that he was fighting the urge to stroke himself.
It’s apparent in his every abrupt gesture, in every thrumming inch of his skin, in his blatant, intoxicating sexuality.
"G...good," Sherlock stutters. "It feels good. Smooth and elastic."
“… John…”
“John! I… please…” His voice is wrecked, gravelly and breathless.
Sherlock nods frantically and fears that if his pulse gets any louder in his ears, he will lose his hearing again. He makes a grab for the phone, but John keeps it, holding it out of Sherlock’s reach and  talking over his frustrated growls.
“Um…”
Tomorrow is the day that he has to restart reality and trigger a sequence of events that will see John have a conversation with his wife where they will come to some arrangement for John’s return to their family home. John is tight-lipped about it, saying only that this is the way it should be and Sherlock hasn’t the wherewithal to argue – he never has when it comes to Mary. He will keep his mouth shut and in doing so, keep the friendship of the man who has come to redefine how he sees himself.
Turning to take a gauge of Sherlock's mood, John finds himself alone, the sitting room door closing softly behind his departing friend.
He is clearly a genius as the next few minutes are spent very contentedly rolling against each other with a slow, easy swell - enough to feel good but not enough to bring either of them beyond a certain point of arousal. Sherlock's cheeks are pinkened and his hair is insane when he lifts his head and smiles into John's equally goofy grin. Naturally, within seconds, Sherlock's grin has become sly and challenging, and John grunts when he feels long fingers slide between their bodies and work to lower his zip.
“I see that I may have misjudged your reaction to all the idiocy going on downstairs,” he says quietly. “It was never my intention to make you uncomfortable or self-conscious. Quite the opposite, actually.”
in the nuances of social interaction.”
John opens his eyes and lets his head roll enough to see the door.
“And what makes you think you’re not?” Mycroft replies. “If recent history has taught us anything, it’s that my brother will go to extraordinary lengths to preserve your life, even to the detriment of his own. Even when he knows that his actions have forced a distance between you, eroded your trust and undermined all that he had hoped to preserve. What makes you so certain that his attachment to you isn’t the
Reluctantly Sherlock steps back and watches John come back to himself. He is having ridiculous difficulty swallowing and there’s a suspicious pricking behind his eyes. John looks so…
John slid off his seat and kneed his way across the rug to settle between Sherlock’s spread legs, running his impatient hands from his shins, up his thighs and kneading the long, wiry muscles he found there.
He’s so quiet, maintaining his breathing rate and still with his eyes open, straining to keep his gaze on John’s every move. With an admonition to adhere to his slow and steady plan, John sucks a little harder on the next inch of Sherlock’s throat and just grazes his teeth over Sherlock’s stubbled skin. He can feel the buzz of beard burn on his chin and lips already, but Sherlock’s sharp breath is the sweetest prize and John can’t bring himself to stop anyway.
They stand and look at each other, not more than a metre apart but as distant as the pale sliver of moon that is early into the sky that afternoon. People go by, cyclists and dog walkers, joggers and mothers with pushchairs all oblivious to the world slowing and becoming still.
"Hey!" John calls softly, approaching his friend from behind. Sherlock turns his head to show his profile, not enough to actually see John, but enough to show that he's aware of him. He looks back out into the night.
Sherlock despises the suffocating feeling that blooms before he smothers it. What is John playing at? He doesn't hear from him at all for five months and then twice in a fortnight? What can John possibly gain from putting them both through this? He needs more data, more time to think. More resolve and resilience.
day,” Sherlock muttered, “I only wear one on…
"Great. We'll go and get the wheelbarrow and meet you round the back in ten minutes?" John suggests.
pick up another text from a bored, semi-naked,
“Then enlighten me.”
"Let's get this lot back to the house and get on with the next job on the list, or it will be dark again before we are done." Sherlock suggests and they load the barrow with their morning's efforts mainly in silence.
If you're reading a love story and trying to avoid bodily fluids, then skip the end of this chapter from where Sherlock turns the sitting room lights out. If bodily fluids are your thing, then have at it!
His hand closes around Sherlock's cock and tugs upwards, sure and slow. Sherlock's back arches and his head falls back giving John access to the line of his neck and the crook where it joins his shoulder - one of John's favourite places to suck because of the incredible noises Sherlock makes when he does it.
“I’ve had worse,” Sherlock assures him, so John accepts that and just concentrates on how, despite all the discomfort, he’d stay here forever if he could find an excuse to.
“Happy.”
"What, Mycroft isn't reporting back to you every time I sneeze these days?"
Although...
It feels strange, but he cannot deny that there is an illicit thrill in being let loose in here. He makes a slow circuit of the room, running his fingers along the furniture as he goes - dark wood, heavy styling and expensive, probably antique most of it - not like all the other hand-me-down stuff and Ebay finds that the rest of the flat is furnished with, so it's probably Sherlock's own. It's very ‘him’ in a strange way. Sherlock is a man out of time for all his intelligence and the speed and skill with which he wields that mobile of his. Visually too, he's unusual; like the furniture, he's well put together of good quality materials but he stands out.  And... this line of thought is getting him nowhere so, overcoming a huge wave of guilt, he picks a spot and begins.
“Fine.”
When the shower starts up, Sherlock waits until he hears the curtain close before he quietly opens the door between his room and the bathroom, and moves John’s bath towel to hang on the doorknob, leaving the door open and returning to bed to wait for him.
Sherlock doesn’t need to dig for that memory at all, or any memory so closely linked with John. It was the first time they’d shared a meal although, being on a case, he hadn’t actually ordered anything. John had surprised him with his willingness to be placed in unknown danger and with his direct approach to finding out the things he wanted to know. It had been… refreshing. He’d asked if Sherlock had a girlfriend and when he’d replied in the negative, had gone on to ask about a boyfriend. And Sherlock, being the idiot that he is, had made it uncomfortable and embarrassing with a terse response and an awkward rebuff of John’s naive (and instantly denied) advances.
“What? Home?”
John’s face is an interesting combination of puce and pear as he stares at Sherlock. He puts down his tea and puts his head in his hands, elbows perched on the table.
"That's... nice," John ventures, looking at Sherlock for confirmation and receiving a roll of his eyes, so dramatic that he's surprised it doesn't do permanent damage.
But he is not getting away with that. John has laid his heart out for Sherlock’s examination and he wants no less from him, or an excellent reason why not.
When John wakes the next morning and looks out of his window, all is peaceful down in the garden and he’s irritated with himself for feeling a little disappointed by that. Stepping out after breakfast there is a jar standing outside the kitchen door. The label on it is professionally printed, green and gold with the words
Sherlock’s eyes close momentarily, his unhappiness a suffocating weight for a split second, then gone. “Of course. Of course,” Sherlock agrees, with a wan attempt at a smile.
For a while it even felt like a good idea. We papered over the cracks and you agreed to be my best man." John's eyes close at the painful memory and he has to pause for a moment. "I'm sorry about that too, that was unfair of me. But you agreed and you seemed to like Mary, so I thought to myself, well, why can't I have both? Why can't I have my best friend back from the dead and a wife? But the more I thought about it, the more wrong I realised it was. I was too far in to back out though, so I convinced myself that it was the nerves and the confusion of having you back that was making me doubt. It wasn't, and Mary knew something was up almost from the start. So in the end, one morning she asked me, and as I looked at her and told myself to fight for her, I already knew what an empty victory it would be. When you have experienced love in your life, it's very hard to mistake."
Idiot.
“Not that I’m happy about the way he has treated you since, dear. I can’t say that. It’s not an excuse for the dance that he has led you on. No, what I’m saying is that he probably never expected to meet someone like you - someone that challenged everything he thought he knew about himself and changed his view on… well, all of it. So when he fell in love with you, it’s not really surprising that he didn’t adjust as quickly as you did when you fell in love with him.”
John looked around their little hidey-hole and saw that Sherlock was right. Tucked away at the end of the building it was clear that this area was not a regular thoroughfare. Industrial metal stairs led up to the floor above and the space beneath the first turn had become something of a storage or dumping area. Cardboard boxes, folded deck chairs and random pieces of old office furniture had been put here and forgotten it seemed. Unless someone were to bend down and peer through the open bannister or climb past the stacked furniture and stationery boxes as they had done, they were completely hidden from the casual observer.
"Initial observations point to this statement being very promising," Sherlock rumbles against the crook of John's neck and he gives another, more deliberate slide of his hips. John hums in approval and digs his heels into the mattress to find the leverage to meet Sherlock's lazy rocking.
It’s lazy and soft and bloody lovely and John feels that he could happily spend days just rubbing his sensitised skin against Sherlock’s, and feeling the curling heat between them smoulder and catch. They kiss when they can reach or spare the brain capacity for the coordination necessary.
Sherlock stiffens, holds his breath and his cock jerks in John’s grasp as he begins to come. He spends onto his chest and belly, and his jaw - thick drops that glisten in the morning light, pulse after pulse, each wrung from Sherlock’s body, his eyes screwed tightly shut.
what? Into you? Into men? Into humans? I'm not happy with how the tree is looking? I'm not happy that I've been banned from the mince pies? I'm not comfortable with your attentions? I'm not happy to be sharing a room with you any longer? Or a flat?
you let me back into your life, in whatever capacity you allow, it has to be led by you, you call all the shots. I know I have a lot to make up to you, and I will  -
The ambient sound which resembles waves or falling rain prevent him from being able to distinguish many of the words but he is certain that he is hearing John; not the John who said goodbye this morning and kissed the taste of tea and jam into Sherlock’s mouth as he left, but the real one. That John’s voice is warm and rounded and happy. And it’s not the John who is worried about him cutting his feet and cleaning up the mess Sherlock has just made… or not. That John’s voice is concerned and peevish.
Now where was he?
“You’re fine as you are,” Sherlock confirms, half a smile quirking his mouth up which John returns until he realises they are staring at each other again.
“I mean… what if someone comes in?”
“Do you even
“That must have been terrifying.”
Sherlock speaks then, certain and clear. “I declare that I know of no legal reason why I, William Sherlock Scott Holmes may not be joined in marriage to John Hamish Watson.”
Sherlock beams.
“Hey! Hey, you can’t go down there… that’s not…
Sherlock wants to laugh at how erroneous that is. “John, you have it entirely the wrong way around. My parents have grasped every opportunity to warn me about being polite and thoughtful towards you. They think you have been nothing but a positive influence on my uncouth behaviours. I rather got the impression that I won’t be half as welcome if I am not accompanied by you.”
John just nods, pathetically. “I
Sherlock’s hand is warm and he is deceptively strong for a man who could stand to put on a few pounds. His touch seems to ground John, giving him a fixed point in a world that isn’t quite as he left it. He unlocks doors, switches on lamps and steers John with apparent ease.
“Ah,” Sherlock says.
“Definitely,” John muttered. “There are things I want to do to you that, if we do them here, Mycroft will be able to hear you no matter where your glasses are in the building.”
Or maybe he’s just being oversensitive and John’s last night at 221B is playing on his mind to the extent that it is making him doubt the selfless generosity of his kindly, thick-skinned, elderly landlady.
There's a short silence in which Sherlock blinks way too many times before John clarifies.
"Wait! Don't you want to see what I got for you in Edinburgh?"
With his comfort ensured, Sherlock thinks about the rest of his mind palace. He’s spent some time walking the rooms and corridors, taking an inventory of the damage caused by his injury. There have been casualties and things in places that they shouldn’t be but he’s correcting them as he finds them and the elements are clicking back into place in a very encouraging manner.
but all of it has to be on your terms. However much or little as you are comfortable with....”
"Any particular reason?"
The real, tangible John in his grasp is thrumming with discomfort and alarm and surprising sadness, but Sherlock holds the word in his mind and breathes its shape into the silence. He doesn’t have enough words to explain  – he wouldn’t if he had every word in every language and a year to use them all. If he does this right and he has chosen the right word, then it will be the only one he needs. He takes a breath and carefully pushes the single word into his exhalation and into John’s hair.
“Not lost; burned. Slight miscalculation with the strength of an acid I was testing. It was the closest thing to stop it from dripping onto the floor,” Sherlock admits.
The loppers land with a dull thud behind them and Sherlock takes his weight back onto the branch. John steps back to give him room to climb down, but it's still rather high and Sherlock can't find any purchase with his feet.
his meddling. What does that leave? A teacher? A keeper?  A spy? A pet?
Sherlock shudders and shakes beneath him, his hands descend tentatively on John’s lower back, fingers spread wide and greedy against his overheated skin, sliding lower so slowly. Even now, head thrown back, every tendon in his torso flexing, he’s holding back, uncertain.
Sherlock blinks and attempts to retrace his train of thought, hoping to find a suitable response. He fails and resorts to shaking his head and muttering, "No need."
“Thank you. Lovely. Good night, then,” John agrees. He persuades himself to watch her to her car and pull away before he closes the reluctant door with a shove that sets his shoulder jangling with sudden pain.
Now their relationship (if that’s what this is, John cautions himself) has moved on somewhat, John thinks that they won’t be able to postpone some serious conversation for very long. Clearly they both come with some serious baggage and it wouldn't be fair for either of them to pretend otherwise.
- he's quite proud of that) and looks himself in the eye.
Mrs Hudson gave him a look that conveyed that she knew
looks at his limb, examines the familiar contours of his bare skin, and sees nothing. The touch evaporates as fast as it appeared, but he had recognised it.
Everyone is being very positive about it being ‘early days’ in his recovery and adopting a watchful waiting approach, but Sherlock knows what their pauses mean when he fails to speak and how they are careful to leave the room before they discuss his symptoms and progress.  They all say the same thing; there might be minor residual effects from the pressure of the bleed, but they should resolve. No one wants to speculate on how long that might take though.
“Hi guys, hope we’re not disturbing you,” Steve squawked, doing exactly that. “Just showing Mike around. He’s over from the San Francisco office, here to make sure we get Swordfish up and running on time.” Steve snorted at his own wit, but it was a tough crowd and no one laughed.
Sherlock uses every trick he can remember, everything that John showed him and shared with him on lazy afternoons on the sofa – kisses which never happened for real but happened all the same. He kisses John until their mouths are swollen and tingling. Sherlock is encouraged when John allows him to angle his face and slide their mouths together and John’s hands come up slowly to hold Sherlock by his biceps. Fearing he will be pushed away, Sherlock slides his good hand around to the back of John’s neck and rubs his thumb through the short hair there, pleading without words. He need not have worried because John simply hangs on and leans in further, allowing Sherlock to slip his tongue into John’s mouth and stroke against John’s slowly, softly and deliberately.
Unfortunately, his cold hands are just chilled enough that his single-handed grasp on his candle lantern slips, promising a very loud and far flung end to his jam jar. As he fumbles and the jar slides through his fingers, John is there, supporting the impromptu lantern from below and covering Sherlock's hand with his own, steadying his grip on it.
“Simple enough for an idiot to learn?” he asks with a disingenuous expression.
“Sherlock, I’ve been wanting you for the longest time, do you really think I’ll give up now? Take as long as you need. Forever if you want. I don’t care, as long as we are together.”
John, not realising that a major part of Sherlock's plan has just been blown out of the water, pushes past and calls dibs on the bed on the left.
John cannot help but smile and Sherlock cannot possibly have heard it but he turns his head at that very moment and returns it. And the lines and the tired eyes and the stubble are all
“So I said, wha’ if it's not a crash… crushhh? What if it’s the… loveofyer life?”
Finally John sighs. The effort to unlock his muscles takes him a moment and Sherlock can feel him soften everywhere they are touching. But still it takes him several minutes to find words.
“How about this? If you eat three meals a day, get seven hours of sleep a night for the rest of the week, then we’ll go.”
He goes to dress and eyes the beautiful suit hanging on the door of the wardrobe. A quick check shows him that a similarly wrapped suit with a longer inseam and narrower waist has been left on the rail, so Sherlock hasn’t put on the wedding finery he brought. John is intrigued to see how the tailoring will look on him, but opts for what he was going to wear to the party anyway - some dark trousers and a deep blue shirt that’s a bit nicer than his usual choice. He doesn’t put on the tie or the jacket - it’s a warm day and Sherlock never wears a tie, so he thinks he can get away with it.
It's rare for him to have a day to himself without an over focussed consulting detective making demands of him or a bored and bratty berk in need of distraction. John feels he ought to make the most of it, do something he wouldn't normally get time to enjoy, but beyond being allowed to watch his own choice of viewing material on the TV, he can't actually think of anything he'd rather do with Sherlock there too. He knows how smitten and pathetically in love that makes him sound, but he doesn't give a monkey's - he's not ashamed of being totally gone on his new husband. He knows that fortune has taken pity on him and given him this opportunity - he fully intends to be grateful for it.
Three strides and John is in front of him. “Are you okay?” he asks. His eyes scan for obvious injury, his hand grabbing at Sherlock’s shoulder as he takes in dark circles under Sherlock’s slightly red-rimmed eyes. Sherlock stares at him, his eyebrows drawing down in confusion.
That’s not, of course, to say that he doesn’t rather perfectly fulfil exactly the same specifications for the good doctor. Indeed, when John is in the throws of passion, he makes the most extraordinary claims about Sherlock’s arse and its perfection. He waxes positively poetic about the skin of his cheeks and the sweet, tight welcome of his…
“They’re gone,” John murmurs. “We are still here.”
With his usual predictability John has to go and find the Gent's after a while,  leaving Sherlock with his cousin and a return to the uncomfortable quiet.
“This… Are you…? Is this…? What does that even mean?”
As distracted by this as he is, he is unaccountably happy to spend time in Mrs Hudson’s slightly shabby sitting room and watch the Seventies fairy lights settle in the strands of Sherlock’s curls with pinks and greens and oranges. The reminiscences take them and have them laughing and teasing with good-natured digs at each other until nine o'clock rolls around and they all agree that tomorrow is an early start and Mrs Hudson brushes off their offer to help with the washing up and tidying.
His gentle touches are quickly bringing John to full hardness, and while it is sweet torture to be held, warm and secure inside John’s body without taking his own pleasure, he is distracted by the rhythmic contractions of John’s internal muscles. Every twitch and clench causes an answering reaction in his own body. It feels wonderful, almost indescribable to have such freedom and access to another’s body. Some nights Sherlock can become quite wrapped up in the wonder of John, to the extent that John has to remind him of their purpose with a sharp nip of this teeth or a hissed, pleasure-filled whisper of his name.
“I wasn’t sure if you’d be here still,” Sherlock says, stepping into the room and watching with a smile as John returns with a packet of Sherlock’s favourite biscuits, taking the comment in his stride with a quizzical eyebrow dip and a shrug.
“What? Pretty isn't everything, you know. Pretty doesn't negate arrogance or being annoying or stunningly rude! You don’t think I can do better than a socially-challenged, lanky bastard? Even if I were gay, I’d have to be an idiot to…”
It has to be now. The damage has already been done. John knows and he hasn’t left yet. What words he has, he must use now.
Cursing himself, Sherlock pauses, looks back over his shoulder.
Sherlock sighs at that, long and drawn out, and John can't quite believe that he's watching his husband get himself off, dressed only in a pair of tight black, sheer trunks decorated with red hearts. He never saw himself as the kind of guy who sexted or sent lewd pics, but loving Sherlock has gifted him with a newly flexible outlook on what is acceptable. And also on what is unspeakably hot.
"You couldn't have got that from a library card anyway. Not even you."
Watching over Sherlock Holmes is enough to test anyone’s patience and although the job description is very similar, Martha has never embraced the notion of being a Fairy Godmother for a number of reasons - in particular the travesty that Disney made of the role. (
The man's shoulders seem to drop in disappointment as he half turns and glances at John standing not more than fifteen metres away. John gets the impression of fiercely intelligent eyes in the glimpse he gets. The man simply grunts, gets to his feet and stalks off in the opposite direction.
“Very well. What would you have?” he asks, his bow poised above the strings, his gaze steady and direct, even challenging.
Sherlock had kicked the covers down to the end of their bed and he was naked apart from the fatigue trousers and the ID tags that glinted dully around his neck. Flat on his back, knees bent, his feet were pressed into the mattress and his hands were fisted on his thighs, rubbing up and down his long muscles with the heel of his palms. The trousers were unfastened, but the pressure of his cock against the fabric made it bulge obscenely, as if it was ready to burst out any second. His eyes shut and his face smooth, John knew he was basking in the touch of the material against his bare skin.
They had both been damaged when they met, both lonely, both addicts without an outlet for their frustrations. By rights their partnership should have been a disaster, but instead of feeding each other's downward spiral they had become unlikely friends. They had given each other accountability and a reason to be better. Friendship, something which Sherlock had never really considered in relation to himself, had made his mind quicker, his deductions more accurate and tempered him when his instincts were to disdain those he worked with. And John, in turn, had lost the haunted look he'd worn since Afghanistan and found purpose and direction. The mutual positivity that had accompanied this change in their outlook had eventually bubbled over into a physical reaction - the energy and adrenaline they’d brought home after a good outcome had had to go somewhere - why not take it to bed and make it last a little longer? And why not seek comfort when things hadn’t gone their way? They were both adults, what they did in the privacy of their own home was nobody's business but theirs. Their rapport had had an intensity to it that had fanned those flames, but that had also had people jumping to conclusions about their non-working relationship, and this is where the problems had begun.
John licks his lip and then sits down on the coffee table, his elbows braced on his thighs.
“I will. Feel. Same way,” Sherlock says, his husked words falling over each other in his hurry to assure John.
“I’m fine, John. Are you alright?”
“Where’s Sherlock? A & E? Where’s A & E?” John demands, frantically scanning the multitude of signs, all currently incomprehensible.
John nods, because Sherlock sounds very earnest, and that’s usually what John does when that happens.
“Just… just tell me one thing. Is this the beginning or the end?” he asks the ceiling.
The drowning sensation abates in an instant a moment later and he can breathe again. Relief floods over him. He’s home. He’s safe. He’s with his John. Sitting room. Skull. Broken china. John.
John stands and stares at Sherlock for a full minute, his blood roaring in his ears. The man cannot see that he has done anything wrong, never mind that they have been over and over the ‘personal boundaries’ conversation. He lies there, serenely smug, composed and untouchable while John can feel the scowl on his face, so deep it must be leaving permanent lines. He notices his fists opening and closing, itching to flick him or mess up his perfect hair, but seems unable to stop the motion.
It’s that certainty that has brought him here.
"... nothing. You didn't misread a thing, Sherlock. The only thing you missed was how fucked up I was… how conflicted my feelings were and that was my problem, not yours. It was never your fault, Sherlock. Never."
“Then sex?”
Sherlock waits a few beats, his eyes sliding from left and right when John doesn’t leap in to fill the conversational gap.
He has been moved to the neurosurgical ward; he suspects Mycroft may have had a hand in procuring a private room there. His head injury seems to be the biggest cause for concern and nobody seems to want to give definitive answers to the questions he prompts John to ask for him – he has become quite a master of interpreting Sherlock’s significant looks. Perhaps he would have asked them anyway; he seems to have appointed himself some kind of a proxy while Sherlock shrouds himself in silence. He knows that his cognitive abilities have not been adversely affected in a significant way – although the sedation effects lingered for a time, his thinking has regained its clarity – but John is the only person that he was willing to attempt talking for, and after that failure, he can't really see the point.
Sherlock is holding back and John, who couldn’t look away if he tried,  knows it. He can see the tell tale tightness around his eyes and the clench of his jaw. His hand is lighter on his cock now, teasing himself, making it last. The ache in John's groin throbs in time with Sherlock's flexing arm. If the wind blew across the bed just right, John thinks he would come all over himself.
More often than not his walks will take him past the extensive lands around the Manoir. He often catches sight of the same tall, dark haired figure who appears to spend much of his time in the grounds. It’s become a matter of principle  to wave to him- although John supposes it could be a her - although he has yet to receive any kind of response.
"Can you ask your mum for a hot water bottle? Do you have anything prescribed for this?" This second phrase is for Crispian who has taken John's offered arm and is trying to straighten up.
“Isn’t this the point at which you have your identity crisis and scurry off to convince yourself that while wanting to have sex with a man is ‘
What the hell does he do now? Is anything that John is saying real, or are these the ramblings of a very drunk, very confused doctor who tends not to overindulge in alcohol – possibly for exactly this reason. Is it a joke of some sort? John has never been cruel before, it doesn’t fit his personality. So likely not a joke then. Does he admit that he has recognised some of the attraction that John has for him as it is a match for the attraction that he has for John? Does he laugh it off and hope John doesn’t remember a thing in the morning? Does he even permit himself to hope that this is something he is allowed to have? That John might care for him in a more than platonic manner?
tell me - the things you try to hide."
Bloody Mycroft and his favours – John was going to have words with him. It might not have been a hazardous job he’d coerced his brother into this time, but it had gone on for much longer than anyone had been prepared for.
As the next thought roars into his mind John's body jolts as if he's had a shock and he straightens slowly, giving it time to fit into his view of the world.
“Was I? Oh… hi! Oh! Have you come to tell me about what I just said?”
“Wow, this is gorgeous,” John marvels. He opens the book and runs his fingers over the thick, ivory-coloured paper, providing a striking contrast with the peached, black cover. Moleskin or suede Sherlock theorises from the obvious pleasure that John is deriving from its texture.
"It was nice - I enjoyed meeting your family."
“It might,” John nodded and slipped past Sherlock and out of the door into the spring sunshine, although he had plenty of colour in his cheeks already.
There is the crunch of gravel as cars begin to arrive to take dinner guests away and voices, oddly muffled by the frigid, foggy air, calling best wishes and goodnights.
“Please,” John whispers one more time, threading his hands greedily through Sherlock’s raven curls. Soft. Thick. Warm. Just as he’d known they would be.
John rouses from unremembered dreams once or twice in the night, but each time he recognises new waves of the storm rolling through and he curls closer into the warmth and comfort under his duvet and lets it soothe him back to sleep.
"Sh!" he whispers when his fiancé whimpers a low, rumbling moan that they must be able to hear outside, and no one hearing that wanton sound could have any doubt of what it is they are doing. Sherlock, of course, ignores him and impatiently tips his chin, pressing the perfection of his throat closer to John for similar treatment. John considers worrying Sherlock's skin with his teeth and his lips until he has sucked a bruise  - bold and beautiful - into his skin, but then, unbidden, an image of them repeating vows to each other while Mycroft and Greg scowl at the chain of marks around Sherlock's neck where his shirt is unbuttoned.
“John,” Sherlock says carefully, quietly.
He puts one mug into John’s grasp but won’t catch his eye, and places Sherlock’s close by when he makes no effort to remove his hands from John’s torso.
Sherlock flails, wanting to delete the last ten seconds of his life. Meddling bastard brother! Why does Mycroft still feel he has the right to interfere and ruin and reveal secrets? Sherlock wants to bellow at the top of his voice and… shoot walls.
“Oh, you beautiful boy,” John murmured.  He took hold of the plug’s handle and twisted it slightly inside Sherlock, getting a throaty moan in response. Leaning over Sherlock’s back he whispered, “Relax for me,” and pulled smoothly on the toy, drawing it slowly but evenly out of his body while Sherlock panted through the sensation of it.
Swallowing the saliva that flooded his mouth, John leaned back against the door and admired the elegant bastard; his bare toes, slender ankles, smooth belly, the quiet wiry strength in his arms and shoulders, and the way his hair curled a little damply against his forehead.
Returning to the sitting room with his haul, he finds his potential suitor keeled over on the sofa, snoring softly and drooling onto Sherlock’s favourite cushion.
Not expecting to sleep, he settles himself on his bed and tries to ignore the predictions about the morning that his brain keeps unhelpfully supplying. Despite this, he’s asleep within twenty minutes and dreaming of best case scenarios.
Some days he wonders if this simple pleasure is something that he’s done enough to earn. Maybe the time without Sherlock was the price he had to pay for this comfortable domesticity. Perhaps it was a bill that came due for the time he’d had with him before Moriarty condemned Sherlock to that lonely path with his own suicide.
Sherlock is slowly sitting up now, his gaze retargeted, but never leaving John. His eyes read, from point to point; eyes, hands, shoulders, scar, mouth, groin, solar plexus and back to his eyes.
John can’t help it, he turns to look behind himself,  just to make sure that he is the second person in this deeply bizarre conversation. Apparently he is, as there is no one else around.
"Because you were invited mostly, but also for moral support," Sherlock tells him, which strikes him as an odd thing to say and the madman won't meet his curious gaze.
“You could… if you wanted… you could come and have a sleep with me.”
“John?”
Only time will tell if it is something sustainable.
“Please, John. I need to understand.”
Sherlock wakes, gritty-eyed and drunk with the lack of sleep. It’s ridiculous how his body remains weakened after the incident.
“Oh, no, there is a case… or there was, but I solved it before we left London.”
He's wondered, of course, if Sherlock has a sexual thought in his entire make up - he shows precious little interest in the women and men who vie for his attention (until he says something so devastatingly rude to them that they run for cover). In fact he seems oblivious more than anything, and John has considered more than once whether his flatmate was, in fact, asexual. Even Sherlock in his infinite ignorance of what is an acceptable conversation topic knows that you don’t casually ask a mate what their sexual preference is, what floats their metaphorical boat, or whether it floats at all. And it’s not okay to ask around either; who would he even ask? Greg seems to know him as well as anyone (but John) and he appears as baffled by Sherlock as any Tom, Dick or Harry off the street. Asking Mycroft doesn’t even bear thinking about and nor would he betray Sherlock’s trust like that. So John has been left wondering.
His moment of wonder is there to see on his upturned face, timeless and guileless. Lost in thought, his hand holds back the heavy curtain. In his ratty t-shirt and pyjamas, feet bare on the carpet he resembles a child peeking out of a window on a December morning, stunned to find his wishes for snow at Christmas have been granted.
“Right, yep, I r’member. I know we are very different people and I know that you don’t do relash… relashun… boyfrien’s, but I’m pretty sure you’re gay and I’m pretty sure I’m bi and... you’re pretty... I’m sure of that. And when you look at me, I feel like I can do anything. Never felt that b’fore. And you’re br’lliant and funny and I can’t believe no one else has seen that and… I dunno… married you already. And please don’t b’cause if you’re going to marry someone then it should be me b’cause I love you most.”
an idiot.”
John has whistling in his ears again. His heart is thudding in his chest in a way that doesn’t feel like it is all attributable to his late night run. He can hear it inside his head and every time he opens his mouth. At least he can almost speak in sentences again.
Someone’s put a match to the fire laid in the grate and Sherlock’s already in his pyjamas and a washed-soft t-shirt despite it being barely later than seven o’clock. His feet are bare and he looks about ten years younger like this in contrast to the severe, tailored façade he usually presents. His hair is shorter now than he used to wear it. John finds that he misses the messy curls that probably used to take the vain berk twenty minutes to achieve. It used to almost brush the wood of the violin when he would tilt his head, eyes closed, lost in a conversation John had no language for. But that was before Sherlock left him behind for two years.
"Grandfather was a professor of Medieval Literature before the Second World War. I think it was a hobby of his to see how obscure he could make his children's names. I assume when it was their turn to have families of their own, they simply carried on the tradition."
John breathes, still uncertain of what is going to come out when he opens his mouth to speak, and he squares his shoulders.
John rears back from that. He looks like he wants to argue, but after a moment his eyes close and he rolls his lips between his teeth, swallows and breathes deeply. His voice, when he finds it again, is a broken thing, half incredulous, half loathing.
He convulses. Sherlock's arms tighten around him and hold him up when his muscles don't seem to be able to do anything but sing to him about how good the feeling washing through him is making them feel - tense and strong and hot and weak all at the same time. Sherlock's eyes are still holding his whenever John manages to force his own open. They seem to be the only thing he can see now - full of love and exhilaration and desire. John still cannot get over the fact that Sherlock looks at him like that at all. It's heady and powerful, and John wants him to look at him like that for the rest of their lives and even if he does, it still won't be long enough for John.
John seems restless tonight. Sherlock has spent nights in the same room with him before when they have been on cases - and even in the same bed on one or two occasions - so he knows that John is not normally so unsettled. He's usually asleep as his head hits the pillow, presumably a hangover from his army days when he had to rest when he was able to get a break. Sherlock wants to ask him what it is that has him so keyed up, but fears that he won't much care for the answer.
“It’s a what, not a who,” Sherlock explains, letting John pick up the thread.
Once again, Sherlock notices the flare of retaliation; John's shoulders stiffen and his chin come up, but just as in the café, he smothers it before it has a chance to find a voice.
Sherlock seems quite engaged by the idea of Christmas with his parents and the Watsons. He knows that Sherlock believes that the estrangement between them is about fear – fear of what John might find on the AGRA files, fear that Mary’s past will catch up with her. He always has thought that John is a much better man than he actually is.
Sherlock fidgets, drumming his fingers on his knees. He grabs John's arm, glaring at his wristwatch after only ten minutes and before they have even made it out of central London.
“I don’t know the etiquette of this situation exactly,” Sherlock says in a voice so deliciously calm and present that John just wants to hear it every time he wakes up, “but I can assure you that all we did is hold hands and sleep.”
“I could smell it on you, last night.”
That had been a very long night in a month of long nights.
“You’re mollycoddling me,” Sherlock rumbles quietly, but John can hear the note of apprehension that no amount of bravado can cover. “I won’t break, John. I said I was inexperienced not fragile.”
Sherlock’s heart is aching in a new and unpleasant way. He feels unsettled and pathetically grateful at once. “We’ve discussed this?”
Thankfully, he doesn’t have to. There’s more rustling and then breathing.
"Were your partners male or female?"
John is the first to congratulate Crispian as he sits down to enthusiastic applause after his piece.
Sherlock doesn't even acknowledge his presence, merely turns on his heel and starts marching down the drive towards the woods, leaving John and Crispian to follow along with the wheelbarrow.
“Oh! Experiment. It was a meat bridge for a while, but when you told me you loved me, I dropped it.”
"Thank you," Sherlock mutters softly and John blinks, caught out in his imaginings.
Sherlock's mouth drops open at that and his face goes a strange combination of slack and pink which strikes John as rather odd.
When the next message pinged on the phone that he had stuffed in his jacket pocket, John was torn. There were hazards out in the street for a distracted man walking fast enough to get funny looks. Or maybe it was because he was walking funny – there was actually an element of adjustment necessary which had him squirming a little as he hurried home.
Nobody looked at him like Sherlock did, John thought – like he was the most interesting thing in the whole world – like he was just waiting for what John would do or say next. They had surprised themselves and each other with how easy the transition from flatmates to best friends to lovers had been. For the first six months John had lived with the belief that the other shoe was about to drop and Sherlock was going to realise how very
But how can he
Martha blinks into her cup where the last distortions of her stirred tea slowly settle and resolve. Taking a moment to think, she pushes away the bitter taste of dread that lingers, covering her hesitation with a tiny sip and a sigh of appreciation.
"Alright," Sherlock says finally. "I understand. Thank you, John."
“What do you want?” Sherlock asks, dragging John from his circling guilt. He sounds all wrong; tired and uncertain. Settling his hand across his belly, John has the distinct impression that Sherlock is holding himself so still out of years of self-discipline rather than any desire to talk with him. “What do you want? Do you even know?”
"Stay like that," he growls and with more water on the floor, he slides out from behind Sherlock and out of the bath. With shaking fingers and a trail of drips, he snatches his wash bag from the cabinet and digs out a well used bottle of lubricant. Sherlock has listened to him for once and is watching him with one eye as he fists his own cock with lazy strokes.
“Please don’t give up on me, Sherlock. Don’t give up on me just yet.”
“Sherlock!”
"Actually, I have some warm clothes with me," Crispian replies; he smiles warmly at John, and then smugly at Sherlock. "A morning in the fresh air sounds like a wonderful idea."
When John trails off, losing the thread of his words in the remembered feelings, Sherlock picks up the slack again. It’s like two separate conversations, related , converging, yes, but starting on different pages of the same story.
Sherlock is watching him with a certain wariness now. There is still that spark in his eye, that keenness that seems to be almost daring John to follow the trail of breadcrumbs he has left.
Sherlock curses his poorly thought out response. He might be able to think of an excuse now, but putting John off at some yet to be arranged time is impossible. Of course he could invent a pressing case at the scheduled time, but knowing that the rendezvous is planned at all will be too much temptation to keep the appointment. To him, John Watson is easily as addictive as anything he has ever injected, inhaled or swallowed - to have a date to see him is like having a back-up syringe hidden from Lestrade and his brother's unannounced visits. He finds it darkly amusing to think that they are looking for the wrong kind of high when they turn his home over - his true addiction is in Bethnal Green with his pregnant wife in a two bedroom flat furnished and decorated in soothing colours.
He doesn’t. It’s hateful.
Sherlock watches John as he works, keeping it subtle. Once or twice he catches John doing the same thing, when they both smile quickly and look away. It's as if he is hyper aware of John, conscious of his breathing, his movements and his proximity all the time. Sadly he is also aware that his devious cousin is here too. His is the opposite to the sensation of John's familiar, comforting presence in that his laugh is akin to fingernails on a chalkboard and his mere presence an oily sheen on everything. John, in his charmingly oblivious manner, is chatting with them both and completely missing the scathing looks that Crispian throws at Sherlock whenever he raises a laugh from John.
He wakes on the fifth morning after another night of deep, dreamless sleep. The sun is already well up and it’s warm through the thin cotton curtains. He’s taken to leaving the shutters open the last few nights, loving the scent of the turned soil and the sound of the birds at sunrise, other than the cockerel, of course.  He can hear insects already and decides to lie for a few minutes and relish having plans for the day. He stretches and yawns, recognises the subtle aches of well-used muscles and the slight tightness of the skin of his face where the sun has begun to bring out freckles already.
It’s the strangest sensation that accompanies him to his bed at night. He’s not happy - it’s too soon to call this fledgling feeling happiness - but he feels not unhappy, and that in itself is an amazing thing, he thinks.
Another wave of awareness washes through John. As if his senses are attuning to Sherlock being so close, his nerve endings are alive to the possibility of the next brush of skin. Deliberate touch is something else they rarely share – this is no chummy clap on the shoulder or a glancing brush of a hand when passing a cup, and there are no scrapes to be cleaned or bruising to assess. Directing John to pinch the string to the neck of the instrument with his third finger, Sherlock pauses momentarily, just as he does when some element of a case becomes clear. John risks a glance at his face, but the detective steps back suddenly and clears his throat.
Panting against Sherlock’s back, John breathed open-mouthed kisses against his skin, tasting the tang of fresh sweat prickle across his lips and tongue.
Sherlock returns to the smaller sitting room where a fire has been banked and is slowly collapsing into itself awaiting the log and the ventilation that will bring it back into flame. He replays John's final words in his mind, looks at them this way and that, and cannot find any indication that John regretted kissing him. His manner had been curious and perhaps a little cautious - expecting a different response from Sherlock, perhaps? So what had made him rush off like that? Was it indeed to doctor his false cousin? Perhaps the cold? Had his own reactions been so sluggish as to make John doubt his welcome? The final kisses had not been the action of a man who had reservations.
"Where are you?"
“Sherlock?”
John sighs again but Sherlock is almost certain that this is capitulation rather than despair.
Sherlock seems to rally somewhat and gives John a faint smile. He clears his throat.
Sherlock shakes his head. He lifts his arm and balances it on John’s, resting his healing shoulder. ‘Fancied’, John had said – past tense, but John’s actions of late may have well revealed it’s an ongoing state. “It’s what I want. Better together. Happy,” he murmurs and John tilts his head to listen.
“Mary was a mistake. She would have been a mistake whether she was part of Moriarty’s network or not. It wouldn’t have lasted, even if we’d made it to the marriage vows. I think I knew that at even then. Every time I looked at her, I wondered why I didn’t feel as much for her as I did for you.  I was comparing my life with her to life with you, how your laugh was more satisfying, how your eyes were warmer, how tidy her place was and how the only part of our flat that was organised was your sock index and how that should have infuriated me, but I somehow found it charming, how I would scan the fridge for experiments every time I opened it even when you’d been gone for months…”
It is the voice of a man who is losing hope.
“Apparently,” John admits and they share a fond, knowing look which pleases John as much as it unnerves him. In no imagined future did a younger John Watson ever see himself out shopping with his boyfriend's father. And since when did he and Sherlock’s dad share a moment over how much they both love the thirty-nine year old genius with the temperament of a toddler and the subtlety of a punch in the balls?
Sherlock is watching him. He’s stopped playing; just now or some minutes ago, John doesn’t know. Has he given himself away? Has Sherlock observed the doubt whose roots John has ripped up a hundred times, only to have them creep back, shadow-like, with a careless word or an unguarded glance.
John recognises a genius move when he sees one and puts his arms around Sherlock’s waist and helps him to find the sweetest places between them. Sherlock’s eyes are squeezed shut now and he has his bottom lip trapped between his teeth. His cheeks are burning and his hair is a complete write-off from the storm and sleep and sex. John thinks he looks utterly delicious and feels even better everywhere they are pressed together. He smells sleepy and of John’s laundry powder and of Sherlock’s soap - it makes John’s mouth water and his stomach flip.
"Help yourself. I really don't see what all the fuss is about."
"Male."
John smiles sadly, imagining what 'asking' and 'several times' looked like to the poor airport staff. Sherlock is not a patient man when he's been thwarted. Just because it was the weather that was against him this time doesn't mean that any available human wouldn't have received the brunt of his dissatisfaction.
The afternoon has turned to evening already.  The room already washed in winter's early darkness, John closes up the box of decorations and thinks about missed opportunities and the nature of regret by the white sparkle of the fairy lights.
Sherlock settles on the sofa beside John, allowing himself to sprawl into his space one more time, just to watch the way John accommodates him without complaint.
people. And he knows that what John meant to say is,
John is still a bit bewildered by the entrance and the kissing.
“If you don’t, that’s fine, Sherlock. I know you think that…”
Mme Hudson drops the keys...again… and chuckles at her own clumsiness, and John entertains uncharitable thoughts about the amount of wine the lady might have drunk at dinner.
Since that first clumsy pass made at the restaurant while they were working on the serial poisoner case, they have established a mutually beneficial rapport and Sherlock is more brilliant and productive than ever. John is attractive, competent, interesting and is vital to his work. He has useful skills and a personality that is complementary to his own. But Sherlock has never stopped to consider whether a physical element to their relationship would be something he might want. Now he appears to be trapped here with no other visible variables of interest than John Watson, he has had time to expend some mental energy on the question.
John makes a decision and runs upstairs to his room. He’s changed and on his way back down within two minutes, texting Mycroft as he rounds the bannister and descends to the front door, closing it behind him more forcefully than he normally would at this hour. He can’t wait for a cab in this weather. Britain is not known for its ability to adequately weather the white stuff and even with the reduced traffic, John knows he could be waiting here, going frantic when instead he could be moving.
"It is quite possibly the best idea I have ever had... and that is saying rather a lot... I have an extensive history of good ideas." Sherlock tells him, losing track once or twice as he finds a particularly arresting piece of John to nibble or kiss.
"Don't be a dick about this. Sean is helping me - I've got a lot of work to do, I know that, but this particular issue is one that I've got to sort out myself."
The other John would have reached for him by now, the other John would have tilted his head back, would have bumped their noses, would have smiled while Sherlock brushed their lips together, inciting him into further kisses. He would have hummed his pleasure into Sherlock’s mouth. He would have curled his arms around Sherlock’s waist, pulled him close and given him no cause to doubt the incredible depth of his love.
Sherlock is attempting to rationalise the last ten minutes.
Sherlock’s hand shot back and clutched John’s hip, his fingers tangling in the denim of John’s jeans, holding them as closely together as he physically could.
Sherlock blinks and opens his mouth to speak, but no sound comes out so he closes it again.
been hidden in a locked box at the bottom of the wardrobe upstairs in his old bedroom when he’d left the flat half an hour ago. Sherlock’s long, perfect fingers were caressing the chain as if they were part of John himself.
So far, so nothing though as far as incriminating or embarrassing mementoes are concerned. John crouches down and peers beneath the wardrobe, but there's not even a dust ball under there. He stands up and casts his eyes around the room again, trying to think like Sherlock would, when his eyes light on his bedside table. Is that too obvious? That was where Sherlock had found some of the most cringe-worthy items in his flagrant violation of John's room. It feels hideously personal, but John steels himself. This is why he is here; to explain to Sherlock, with examples he can understand, why it's not okay to go through a man's stuff or call out his masturbatory habits.
“We have been very lucky with the weather, and thank you for all your help with the flowers earlier. So, am I to understand that today will be one to be celebrated long after Hugh and I have turned our toes up?"
Appearing around the frame of the door, Sherlock stops, alerted by something invisible to mere mortals. His eyes seem to have brought in the essence of winter as they sweep the room. His cheeks and lips are points of high colour against the paleness of his skin and the shadow shades of his hair. He slowly unwinds his scarf but leaves it around his neck.
For a while after Sherlock’s return and the indescribable joy of that, anything had felt possible and John had imagined something new - admissions, truths and adjustments. But somehow that joy had been expressed in them settling back into their old holding pattern and their default state of a loving but uneasy status quo. Any anger that he’d felt at Sherlock’s solution had soon been forgiven, but trust had been slower to return and even now he finds himself doubting the value of his place in Sherlock’s worldview. His own failure to move on for eighteen months after the fall became an admission of his own dependence on Sherlock and although he had no control over that, he still hates himself for how obvious it must have been to anyone who knew him. And to Sherlock and Mycroft of course.
Sherlock waits to see if there is a lecture to come - Mycroft does love to point out the error of such human frailties - but he simply smiles slightly and stands. "Don't let him wait too long, little brother."
The further he moves through the dark corridors the more lost he becomes. The signs are still a jumble of acronyms and numbers and he has to force himself to focus when he finds a directory at the bottom of a set of echoing stairs. The smell of disinfectant is making him feel nauseous but he chooses a route toward Minor Injuries, hoping that they will have an idea of where to look next. Maybe by choosing that option he can will Sherlock into being there and unharmed.
"Uh, no. Not yet. He's due to land shortly, so he won't be long now." John absolutely did not have his hopes up that Sherlock had wrangled an earlier flight to surprise him. He'd been lucky to get the flight he had found on such short notice. John still can't persuade his heart from feeling heavy though.
“Yes, “ John agrees and this is the first useful thing he’s heard all night. “I should be at A & E. I’m looking for my friend, you see. I got a text that he was here and… well…” he smiles non-threateningly, spreading his hands. “I got turned around.”
And John Watson had stopped existing and begun to
and the way time slides and folds around him is making that feel unachievable. No newspapers, no emails, no TV – nothing that can pin down a date.
"Raising money for a local donkey sanctuary, I believe," Mycroft corrects him cheerfully. Or as cheerfully as Mycroft ever gets.
He cranes his neck to try and catch a last glimpse of his extraordinary neighbour through the trees but he’s already gone.
“Where are you?” Sherlock asks, quietly amused. “I thought you were meeting up with some old army friends.”
It's intolerable.
“How about friendship?” John offers.
John looks tired. There are not just the little lines that pain etches beside his eyes and around his mouth, but a bone-deep weariness that tints his skin. Still, his attention to the words is encouraging and his expression gives away nothing of his reaction which is both impressive and profoundly irritating. Sherlock must just wait for John to speak but he cannot help ask the question to which he fears the answer as much as he desires it.
“No,” John says over the top of him and hurries to explain when Sherlock stiffens again. “No more. You’ve done enough and I’ve… well, I’m glad we’re here now. Whatever happened, happened and now here we are. We get another chance. So…” John has to take a breath, but before he can, Sherlock puts down the phone and turns to him, earnest but uncertain.
John is immediately still - or as still as John can currently be. His eyes are tired but shining and he watches closely as Sherlock untangles his arms from his sleeves and hangs up the offending rainwear.
Slowly John uncurls his fingers as he feels the warmth of Sherlock’s hair. He spreads his hand through the mess of dark waves and marvels at the way Sherlock leans slightly into his palm. Tears prick John’s eyes and run unchecked down his cheeks. His heart aches - actually physically aches and although its slower now, he can still feel each beat.
This could potentially change everything, Sherlock realises and it feels awful, like…
John swallows carefully and deliberately unclenches his fists. He breathes through his nose. Slowly. Twice.
“Seasonal and societal obligation,” Sherlock mutters.
“How do you mean?” John asks, his polite smile becoming more strained than ever.
Sherlock jerks at John's arm again. This wasn’t in any of the recounts he’s seen, not in this context at least. There’s more to this, but John’s eyes skitter away and Sherlock growls in frustration, his breaths hitching as he tries to howl past the stupid, irrational idiocy that prevents him from questioning John more closely. That it’s his own mind that is stealing away his words is humiliating and infuriating.
“Ah, bramble honey. Yes, it’s not to everyone’s taste but I wondered if you might like it.”
John’s eyes meet hers again, slightly quizzical, watching her for signs that her advancing years have dulled her mind perhaps. She gazes right back at him, as bright and sharp as she can. He smiles wistfully and shakes his head slightly. He looks like a man who believes himself to be out of options, Martha thinks.
"It sounds far-fetched, but let us by all means try it."
The peace of the place is welcome and the time spent in the open air weaves its usual magic for John, dissolving stress and grounding him. With all the bending and reaching, they are both working up a bit of a sweat despite the cold. John has stopped cutting now if he’s honest. He's just enjoying the sights and sounds of the woods. The rising wind is making the branches dance and the trunks creak. Pretending to scope out the surrounding woods, he lets his gaze rest lightly on his friend whose cheeks and nose are a delicate pink in a way that only happens after chases on foot in the city. It’s a good look on him. Sherlock moves smoothly, clearly a veteran of Christmas decorating trips past. John would like to be able to say that he hasn't noticed, but the jeans are kind of scene stealing. They just accentuate the length of the legs, the lean muscles of the thighs and the...
It never snows on Christmas Eve in England. The white Christmas that everyone sings about is practically a myth; something that happens once in a lifetime if at all, and John cannot even remember more than a hard frost or a spell of sleety rain that had filled him with hope as a child before disappointing him. Not only that but he has never seen such a lot of snow, already making it hard to see far, the house and the church indistinct shadows betrayed only by their lights. It is settling already, turning the path and the grass verges to sparkling white. Perhaps this is the feeling that John has been having for the last two days. Perhaps the anticipation of this perfect sight has been what has made him so certain that something was going to happen. Perhaps he'd subconsciously heard a weather report or seen a headline that, while it hadn't stuck in his mind, had registered enough for him to expect this.
And then came the baby news and Sherlock’s relationship with Janine and then the shooting…
"What makes you say that?" John congratulates himself on the steadiness of his gaze and voice when internally, he’s a horny, hopeful mess.
And even this is not new ground for them. Several times since Sherlock returned he has been convinced that his deceptions have been uncovered and the house of cards that he has so carefully constructed have trembled to their foundations. Each time, it has seemed impossible that Sherlock has not discerned and understood John’s willingness… eagerness… to return to Baker Street. But each time Sherlock has stepped up, toed the brink of the reveal and chosen to go no further. John is grateful for the reprieve each time and wonders if Sherlock’s uncharacteristic lack of tenacity is because he lacks experience of the cause of John’s affliction or if he knows and chooses to ignore it rather than acknowledge John’s attraction to him, thus negating the need to let him down gently. Maybe John’s skin is just that thick that he hasn’t taken the hint yet.
John to find it? And what would he possibly have gained by doing so other than to let John know that he was a man who enjoyed an orgasm - and a mildly adventurous one at that? What would Sherlock achieve by letting John know this? He's the original overthinker - he tries to consider any possible consequences of his actions - he has plans within plans to achieve his desired outcomes.
With frustratingly slippery and clumsy fingers John finally freed his cock and had to take a moment to breathe through the relief and the surge of excitement. He added a little more lube to his hand and carefully coated his shaft, trying not to look at either Sherlock or himself.
There was a reason why Sherlock didn’t have many close friends, John reflected, turning and running up the last few stairs.
Sherlock pulls out the hanger he’s been fiddling with. The wrap swishes and slips a bit as he lays the enclosed suit on the covers beside John. Even through the plastic John can see it’s a beautiful bit of tailoring. The material is a dark blue with a mid-grey thread running through the weave. It looks expensive but understated and John has a feeling that it has been tailored to his exact measurements even though he has never laid eyes on it before. There’s a white shirt and a grey tie on the hanger too, and Sherlock puts socks, a pocket square and a pair of smart black shoes beside it. John recognises the mark of Sherlock’s own shoemaker on the inserts - handmade, leather soled and exactly his size, no doubt. The outfit must have cost a fortune.
"Perhaps," Sherlock allows.
“Let go, Sherlock. I want to see you come,” John murmurs against his collarbone, smearing kisses there.
John has kicked off his shoes somewhere and sits without his usual easy familiarity. Sherlock matches him, which doesn’t go unnoticed and John’s posture deliberately becomes a little less stiff.
Sherlock just stares at him for a moment then agrees that it would be a very good idea. They never got around to lighting that fire and with the electricity out, the best place for them is in bed.
“I’m amazed you allow yourself to be seen with me, heathen that I am with my Marks and Spencer shirts and my non-cashmere socks!”
John opens his mouth, then shuts it again a couple of times. “What I wish… Well of course, I wish to… but… No, I don’t understand. What’s happening?”
And, inevitably, blood.
And, right on cue, now his leg is aching too.
"I think they were down in the copse," Violet says, wriggling her toes for Hugh's consideration as he massages her feet.
His throat full of words that won’t work and won’t comfort, Sherlock’s fingers fumble on the keys of his phone.
Crispian's face reflects that he knows what Sherlock is up to, but he graciously cedes the chair to him, and instead of retiring to the other side of the table, he slips around to John's other side and takes a seat there.
He must have dozed off momentarily – the moon has risen far enough to be seen through the skylight now, casting it’s cold silver over the bed and a bright square of carpet. John’s eyes are dark against the pallor of his skin. Raised on an elbow, his voice and movements are careful in order not to alarm Sherlock. He watches for a moment but doesn’t ask. He lifts the corner of his duvet and when Sherlock doesn’t move he folds it back, shifts some pillows across for him and scoots himself further away. He lies back down and closes his eyes, settling down to sleep.
“Does this mean no to the fellatio then?” Sherlock inquires sadly.
He hadn't expected a card or a note to magically appear. He and Sherlock don't really do that, and not even his consulting genius could have arranged for something to be delivered while John slept - the messenger might well have ended up shot if they had tried to sneak in - John does not sleep deeply.
Replying, John asks Sherlock about his day and his hives and asks what he can bring.
Sherlock's gaze is intense but he doesn't show any surprise. He must have known that John wasn't being entirely candid with his insistence that he wasn't gay. On the list of things that John's not proud of, this one is a biggie. He’ s been pretty vocal about that - it is the conclusion that many people jump to when he’s introduced as a flatmate or friend, and John gets irritated at their smirks and knowing airs, particularly when Sherlock has shown no sign of interest in him in that way.
“My shirts fit me!” Sherlock replied to John’s reflection, clearly affronted. “I have them tailored to my specifications…”
John loves to see Sherlock out of the suits he wears every day - not that he isn't pretty easy on the eye dressed in his usual tailored style. Or anything he happens to have on, really. But there's something about this Sherlock that John feels especially warm towards. It's another part of the Sherlock only he sees; everyone gets the tall, slim, arrogant-looking man in the dark tailoring; sharp lines, sharp mind, sharp tongue. But this Sherlock with his washed-thin t-shirt and his fluffy, untamed hair is only for John. His body seems to soften along with his expression when he's like this and it makes John ache with it sometimes - just how much he cares for the man and how easy it would be to reach out a hand and run a thumb along his jaw, his cheekbone, his wrist, take his hand and pull him in.
He doesn't say from what, but the way his eyes dart away means that John doesn't need it spelled out. Sherlock was a lonely child who grew into a lonely teenager who grew into a man for whom intimacy and companionship were something to be held in contempt, unnecessary and for the weak.
John collected Sherlock’s favourite pyjama trousers, a soft t-shirt and his dark blue dressing down from their bedroom, and swapped his armful for Sherlock’s discarded pile of sopping clothes, hanging them over the bannister to begin to dry off.
John climbs in and watches as Sherlock puts his candle on the bedside table and cautiously lies down on top of the duvet. He must have lost leave of his senses - they might be experiencing record temperatures this past month but when the sun goes down it’s a very quick reminder that it is still spring.
Thankfully neither of them is in a hurry to get up and they silently watch as the sun sets the eastern sky alight. The fog of last night is gone without a trace although it looks to still be cold.  A huge yawn and a need to visit the facilities finally forces John out of bed, keeping as much of his bottom half out of Sherlock’s sight as possible.  He showers while he is in there, ignoring the urge to take care of his still half-hard state knowing that only an inch of English Oak stands between him and his ridiculously observant friend. Somehow Sherlock always knows when John has taken care of business, no matter how quiet and quick he is about it. The berk never says anything, but his eyes always flick towards John as he leaves the bathroom at Baker Street - John doesn’t know how he knows, he just knows that he does.
He cannot get this wrong.
His eyes come back to meet Sherlock’s. “She knew that – there’s not much that gets past Mary. She wasn’t out of options. She
Sherlock’s breath stutters and he groans softly, his left knee bending to plant his foot on the mattress, hips pushing up now to meet his own fist. His back arches and his eyelashes flutter, his throat works and his jaw clenches. But it’s frustration, not fulfilment, John realises when he throws his other arm over his face, covering his eyes, panting into his crooked elbow as his hand slows and stops altogether.
Something like desperation rises into his throat and Sherlock has to swallow hard to keep it there and not give it voice. Everything about this is wrong; even if his head were working properly he wouldn’t be able to untangle the wasteland that his mind palace has become because the rule of logic and scientific method no longer applies here. Wherever here is. This is everything he wants and it’s wrong, wrong,
Hudders looks a little alarmed, but she’s used to Sherlock’s idiosyncrasies by now. “Oh, Sherlock. Well, whatever happened to it, I saw that one and thought it was such a beautiful shade of blue.”
He pinches John’s side and huffs into his hair, letting his sudden possessive streak take over. It makes John flinch quite pleasingly.
“He’s fine, John. He was transported here from A & E at UCL earlier this afternoon. They didn’t have a bed for him -  a bit of a run of similar injuries. Apparently it’s been snowing.”
By the time he turned, Sherlock was gone; only a flash of his long coat trailing as he disappeared into the incident room. John glanced at Sally who was obviously torn between a wince and a smirk, and he knew that Sherlock must have heard every spiteful word of it.
Footsteps from the floor above made them lean apart a little. They paused and waited breathlessly until the sound receded, going back the other way.  Catching each other’s eyes, they slipped quickly into soft snuffles of supressed laughter, foreheads pressing together and sharing breath as they calmed, their hands holding each other’s waists, not quite able to let go now they finally had each other so close.
“Bill is an utter wanker,” is John’s opening thought for the day. He props himself against the fridge and does a good impression of being the same colour. His eyes are bloodshot and his hair is a disaster. There’s a crust of dried drool beside his mouth and Sherlock would feel sorry for him if he had any room left that hadn’t already been taken up with apprehension and anxiety.
"Marry you. Yes. Yes, I do."
“To study, John. It’s fascinating,” Sherlock explains, his hands gesturing as he speaks. He looks truly animated for the first time since the bee catching incident.  “The combinations of nectar and pollen or honeydews, the effect of the weather, the health of the colony, all these things make a huge difference to the honey produced.”
"She moved out at the beginning of September. The flat is under offer. And I'm telling you now because as badly as I treated Mary with our two month pretend marriage, it's still not as poorly as I've treated you." John looks away, visibly trying to contain himself.
Shivering, Sherlock began to rock again, pushing himself through John’s fist or driving John’s cock deep within him. John scissored the fingers of his other hand and rubbed them against Sherlock’s hole where he was impaled on John. The slight prickle of the wool on his forearms and chest was like tiny, hot sparks against his oversensitive skin.
“You beauty, look at you,” John murmured, leaning back to look into Sherlock’s heavy lidded gaze. He huffed a sigh and his cock twitched appreciatively, leaving a small dark patch where he was already leaking at John’s attentions.
“You’ve not had enough of it already?” Sherlock asks.
"Soooooo, what do we have on today? That means you need to wear jeans?" John asks, and really he should just stop talking because he's talking about the jeans that he wasn't going to mention again. And now he can't think of another conversation topic that isn't denim related.
“Thyme,” he explains shortly.
Sherlock simply repeats,
John sniffs at his reflection and blinks rapidly, ignoring the watery glint in his eyes.
Sherlock shakes again. “There… You were there. You is… you... but not...” He grunts in frustration. “Answ... no. Diff... different you.”
“Really?” Sherlock asks coolly, “Deductions, John? So early in the day? And how did you work all that out?”
John retraced the path of his earlier explorations and gently pushed his index finger between Sherlock’s hole and the plug, relishing the heat and the tightness he found there.
"Oh, and Sherlock? No more snooping, okay? If you want to know something, ask me. I will do my best to answer you truthfully."
’ and this is who we are.
Sherlock is overwhelmed by the futility of his current existence in an unexpected rush. It stops the breath in his throat and makes his heart ache. His whole life here is a farce, a half-life that he is playing along with and the longer he stays here in this limbo of John’s affection and the comfort of home, the harder he knows it will be to ever leave. Perhaps that’s why he lingers – he wants this more than he has been willing to admit to himself. Returning to reality is returning to… less, and remaining in this version of his life is the sweetest torment in which he has ever indulged.
John quirks a smile when he hears the toilet flush a minute later and feels a little sorry for whoever is on surveillance duty today.
God, he’s tired.
than before. So John knew exactly what Sherlock was feeling with each pass of his long, cool fingers – the places it had worn thin, the seams that were softened by constant wear, the subtle sheen around the fly and the pockets where he had handled the fabric most often.
Regardless of their current communication issues, Sherlock is confused by what kind of a man would sit at a friend’s bedside for days on end, reading to him as he lay sedated and convalescing from a head injury, then continue as if nothing had happened when they return to their normal cohabiting routines. Surely this was an act of devotion to wait hour after hour for him to wake, and even when he had, to remain there once the immediate danger had passed and Sherlock’s consciousness had returned. He only recalls short periods of John’s absence, and even those were often to provide Sherlock with something he craved.
“Hm, well he left me a jar of honey to say sorry.”
you remove that hell scene on the kitchen table.”
“What? Could be some huge stately pile with peacocks in the gardens and a full complement of footmen for all I know!”
“So do you feel the same way?”
“Ohhhh, yeah… Am I the love of y’r life?”
Sherlock blinks, his heart stutters and he’s reluctant to realise that all the romantic drivel about physical responses to such terms of endearment, those which he’s disregarded so scornfully, have a basis in fact. He closes his eyes for a moment to appreciate John’s words before he has to attempt to apply logic and reality and experience to this latest exchange.
The peal of the bells ringing in Christmas Day startle John, even as muffled as they are in the snowy night. John glances at his watch redundantly, of course it's midnight and John stretches in his seat, wondering how long it's going to be before Sherlock emerges.
After Mary’s words of devotion after the shooting and the lengths that she was prepared to go to keep John, Sherlock realises that he has heard no such language from John. Magnussen has been surprisingly quiet since Mary’s unexpected visit, but Sherlock knows he is biding his time, letting doubt and fear take hold before he picks the perfect moment to strike. If Sherlock has, as he believes, found a way to neutralise the threat from the newspaper magnate, then he has given Mary and John a new start without the threat of exposure hanging over John’s wife. He thought that was what John wanted. But now doubts come crowding, and he doesn’t know what has changed.
facing the prospect of persuading John that his feelings are real and of long-standing, and not the product of damage to his brain.
Deliberately.
"I'm not seeing anyone, Sherlock. I haven’t for a while now and... and it helps to know that I'm not utterly incapable of attracting someone - whether or not I'm interested in them." He laughs at himself, a bleak sound. "Like I said, I'm not proud of it."
Even on the street, staring up at his friend, knowing,
…he comes.
Turning away from the window for the thousandth time, John trips over Sherlock’s music stand. He manages to catch it, but the sheet music that’s been left on it slides to the floor in a slithering, jumbled heap. He quickly bends and picks it up in an untidy armful when the top sheet catches his attention. It’s a piece by Mendelssohn but it’s Sherlock’s scribbled pencil notes in the margin that give him pause.
drunk, ha ha! So ver’ drunk... but I also mean ev’ry word of what I said. I never told you – we don’t ever talk about stuff like that, but s’metimes I think, when you look at me, that maybe we should.”
John feels a glow of satisfaction and the sweet sensation of having had his prediction proved right. Already Sherlock is finding his feet and making demands. Who knows how far his innate curiosity and his natural bossiness will take him, but John knows that he is a match for anything that Sherlock can bring.
“Mmm. Reminds me of Angelo’s,” John says, making Sherlock blink as the very same thought flashes across his mind.
For a man who has been trapped inside one room for as long as Sherlock thinks he has been, John has been the single variable and, as such, has become the most interesting and vital thing in Sherlock’s life. The John outside these four walls is already his closest friend, a confidante, an aberration in a history of people who have endured him or valued his mind while rejecting his oddness, or, worst of all, pitied him. For this reason, John is already hugely important to Sherlock’s work and fascinating to him on a personal level. But it’s as if he has never
Pressing his shaking fingers to his lips to stop the torrent of emotion from spilling forth, John complies and opens his eyes.
“Yes, of course, you do. Sorry. It’s a term for someone who is the most important person in your life. Someone who you have known for long enough to admire, respect and understand. Someone for whom you have the utmost regard and affection. Someone you would never want to be without.”
Sherlock glances at him and raises an eyebrow. John huffs and looks away.
John hazarded a glance upwards through his lashes to meet Sherlock’s eyes already watching him, hooded and bliss filled. Running a finger below John’s jaw, Sherlock gently encouraged John to tip his head back a little further, stroking his cheek softly as he found the perfect angle to slide a little deeper.
“If they’re lucky,” John answers. “It’s a term that gets bandied about a bit, but it shouldn’t be. It’s not just attraction or lust or whatever, it’s more than that. It’s certainty – that you feel there is no one else like this in your life and that you feel sure that there couldn’t be. It’s not something that should be said lightly, it’s not a passing fancy, it’s… deeper than that.”
John’s brain kind of jumps the track and it’s not until he begins to feel dizzy that he remembers to take a breath. His eyes track to Sherlock’s face… Sherlock’s hopeful, worried face.
He has missed some of the oil. It glistens a little in the candlelight, caught in the crease at the side of his lips. From the faint colour of it, it’s herb infused and Sherlock wonders if he would be able to discern which herb if he leaned in and touched his tongue to the smear on his skin.
“Let’s find out, shall we?”
The sound of his name makes John’s jaw jump and he presses his lips together tightly. Sherlock waits and watches as John finally nods jerkily, resigned to comply.  He won’t meet his gaze anymore, his eyes fixed on Sherlock’s shoulder.
Sherlock swallows and has to blink a few times to get himself back on track. An ache that is becoming wonderfully and unexpectedly familiar begins to spread through his abdomen and stiffen his already hopeful cock.
There is a muffled chime from the room above his. Of course John doesn’t have his phone on him – he’s in his pyjamas! Sherlock thrusts his own phone at John who considers him levelly for a few long seconds before he takes it.
Ripping his lips from Sherlock’s, who was panting very prettily now, John reached down to undo the offending garment. Once again, the material thwarted him, folding and sagging unhelpfully as John tried to work the zip.
“Not exactly,” she hedges. “But he’s been through enough, so if you’ve been lucky enough to catch his eye, then you just better be good to him.”
Sherlock nods thoughtfully and bites his lips. “Dear God,” he murmurs and that seems to break the tension somewhat. John chuckles while his friend regards him with a bemused look.
“‘Course I did; isn’t that why you got so worried how things were going to go the second time around at Angelo’s.” John reaches over and grabs a Hob-Nob. “You were a bit of a berk that first time, to be fair. All that crap about ‘relationships not being your area’ and… what was it?”
He’d be lying if he claimed to have a lot of experience in relationships with men himself – he’s had one night stands with men, but none of them he knew well or loved like he loves this wide-eyed, docile-looking creature sitting waiting for him and deceiving no one with his meekness. John feels certain that Sherlock will learn fast and quickly become the bossy, mercurial man he is in other areas of their lives – a thought that fills him with anticipation and happiness.
He reaches his peak with a hoarse shout, the muscles in his back and thighs protesting as they tighten further. The first pulse spatters across Sherlock’s stomach and pyjamas, but he catches the rest in his fist, working himself through the high until it becomes too much. He slumps back, one hand behind him to brace him and gasps for breath, his heart hammering against his ribs. He feels a touch to his cock and shivers at the overstimulation, but opening his eyes he finds Sherlock, carefully, reverently touching two fingers to his slit before looking closely at the glistening fluid and licking it from his fingers with the curiosity of a connoisseur.
“What about next week? Next month? Next year? In twenty years?”
"Why are you telling me this now?" Sherlock asks again, repeating himself for God's sake!
“So what is it the interfering prick thinks he needs to meddle with today?” Sherlock asks, re-entering the room, and pausing significantly when he notices John’s lack of toast, butter or knife.
“I won’t leave,” he says. “I know I said I can’t go back, but… If this isn’t what you want, we can, I dunno, stop now, stay as we are. We
All of John’s interesting colours flee his face in an instant and his eyes go glassy. He is clearly distressed by this, despite being a medical man. “Sherlock,” he whispers, looking stricken.
His slender frame is muscled, hidden strength. His skin is smooth and starkly pale in contrast to the line of dark, neatly trimmed hair that extends from his navel down to his groin, His cock is tight against his belly, long rather than thick and circumcised. Next time, John thinks, next time he will pull that perfect, delicious skin into his mouth and learn the shape of it with his tongue, but for now, Sherlock needs to come.
“Up we get, my beauty,” John murmured, taking Sherlock’s hands and pulling him up into another deep, heady kiss. He slipped the pyjamas off his hips and let them pool on the floor, encouraging Sherlock to step out of them and kick them away. But when Sherlock began to fumble for the hem of the jumper, John stilled his hands and whispered, “Keep that on.”
Clumsy with desperation, John pushed Sherlock back against the wall harder than he’d intended but it didn’t seem to deter him from matching John’s every kiss, nip and swipe with one of his own. Already John could feel his lips tingling and swelling with the intensity of their kisses. It had been too long since he had held Sherlock in his arms and he was remedying that by stroking, holding and… yes … groping, as much of him as he could reach.
“Three, maybe four years. It’s not healthy for a young man like him to be alone.”
John, who now has three days off, is very keen to see his husband of only seven months. It sounds like he might get a pretty interesting story to write up, but the truth is that John misses Sherlock. Never mind that it's February fourteenth - they wouldn't have celebrated it anyway, but John is going to use the excuse of Sherlock's return to open one of the good bottles that Mycroft gives them every Christmas and cook something a bit more special than their usual fare. He has lamb shanks in the fridge and a recipe printed out from the internet. Sherlock won't even remember that it's Valentine's Day anyway, so John is safe to spoil him without being challenged on it.
“He’s not exactly the chatty type,” John counters, knowing he’s been found out.
John knows why Sherlock is doing this, showing him this, and god knows he deserves it, but that doesn’t stop it from freezing him in place, eyes wide, breath stuttering into a chest that feels full of erratic heartbeat and too little air. It’s not his nakedness – their unconventional lifestyle, and Sherlock’s petulant refusal to behave like a ‘normal’ flatmate mean that John has seen more of Sherlock’s skin than he has many of his girlfriends’. No, it’s not the nakedness that surprises him but the rawness of what he’s witnessing; something so personal and intimate wielded as a weapon. Sherlock has chosen this act deliberately to speak as a metaphor for all the years that they have been dancing around this overwhelming
“What changed your mind?” Sherlock asks, still not completely secure enough not to feel the thrill of anxiety about the answer.
Mycroft has continued to ignore Sherlock’s obvious dislike of his presence and has continued to visit him at least every other day. He bores Sherlock and then presumably also bores John as he insists on conversing with him even when Sherlock sends him away. John doesn’t have a great deal of time for boring, overbearing brothers but always spares Mycroft more than enough time to update him on Sherlock’s progress when he visits, walking him out of the ward and returning with tea in an effort to cheer Sherlock up afterwards.
talk about - the things that you
But if he’s is very clever (and was it ever in doubt?), he might be able to distract John enough wrest back a few more minutes with…
Seriously! Phallus!
category.
“It’s been eight months,” John reminds him patiently.
Sherlock turns his head then, and looks at him for the first time since he came out. He watches John intently for a moment, then nods.
Sherlock has never been so grateful to receive a text and suspects nothing as his phone chimes for an incoming message. He makes an imperious gesture to stall John and reads the message, feeling the blood cool in his veins as the implication becomes clear.
John opens their door and lets Sherlock enter before him, pulling it closed behind them and checking the lock with a subtle twist of his wrist before he begins his evening routine of checking the windows, the kitchen and the fire before he goes up to bed. It’s something that Sherlock remembers his dad used to do. Hours after his official bedtime, Sherlock would still be awake reading or making notes, recording observations but when he heard his parents begin to lock doors, the metal clank of the fireguard in the fireplace and the snick of the key turning in the mechanism of the mantel clock, he knew he had to at least pretend to be asleep. It wasn’t something he was aware of listening for, but hearing the similar routine from John, Sherlock realises that it gives him the same sense of peace and security he used to experience. It’s ridiculous really. He’s a grown man. He’s been taking care of himself for more than twenty years now (with admittedly varying degrees of success). Yet that fleeting sensation of completeness, of the day being done and everyone he cared about being home and safe was obviously more powerful than he had realised.
When John pauses to evaluate all that has passed between them in the name of their friendship, he can only speculate on what havoc they can wreak if their platonic love for each other were to become something more possessive, more physical or emotionally heightened. He refrains from using the word 'permanent' or 'meaningful', because, to his mind, their friendship is already both of those things. They have endured separation, misunderstandings, experiments, anger, insults, contempt, jealousy and regret. And yet, somehow, they manage to find their way back to each other again and again. They are irrevocably intertwined already, each with the other’s name writ large in the pages of their respective lives. And all that history they share is littered with broken promises, with white lies and omissions, with guilt and with blame. Can kisses smooth over the shattered bones of their past? Can love be strong enough to guarantee forgiveness on both sides?
"Urgh! Fine!" Sherlock groans theatrically. "But John is under no obligation to join us. He shouldn't have to walk the streets begging on Christmas Eve..."
“Sherlock!” John slowly lowers the hand he has thrown up between them, as if by that he could avert the disaster that feels close enough to taste now. He shakes his head and tries not to notice that Sherlock’s face is a study in misery. “Please. He came to speak to me. His message was for me. Can we leave it at that? Please?”
John had no intention of moving – he was enjoying the view very much from where he was. He lifted his eyebrows and bit his bottom lip, daring Sherlock to follow through on his threat. “Maybe if you do, it will encourage me to come over there and defile it a bit myself.”
“You’re confused right now. You’re not yourself. It’s… when your frontal lobe gets knocked around...” John soothes.
"I haven't seen him this week," John replies. "Look, there's no agenda here, Sherlock. I just wanted to see you. I've barely seen you since the summer."
"Some of them do despite being perfectly rational for the remainder of the year. I have yet to understand what it is about Christmas that turns people into idiots who blindly conform to ritual practices for a religion that they don't follow or have a moment's notice for other than for such festivals or social conventions like dunking babies in water or watching people, who are often already neck deep in infidelity, blow tens of thousands of pounds on a posh dress and a big party."
“Exactly!” John said, pointing a finger at his posh git of a boyfriend. “That’s not what normal people do! They go into town and buy one off the peg, in their size. And normal people don’t wear a suit every day!”
John typed but no sooner had he sent it than his phone chimed again.
The self satisfied smile on his cousin's face is hateful but John is already on his way back to their table, halting any chance of a scathing remark.
Right now.
“I disagree, so thank you, Sherlock.”
John clears his throat. "So, that's a yes then?"
Or perhaps, and somehow this is worse, Sherlock is indeed John's greatest friend, but perhaps Crispian has something that Sherlock lacks; some undefined quality that makes him a potential mate and that forever relegates Sherlock to the role of quirky best friend. Looked at objectively, it is easy to see that Crispian with his easy charm and his good looks, not to mention his international musical reputation and lifestyle, make him a much more attractive potential partner for a man like John. The fact that John has insisted on several occasions that he was not gay does not negate the truth that he does find men attractive and has simply not acted upon it. Perhaps what Sherlock has been interpreting as John's growing awareness of himself is actually John learning to understand his own sexuality and become comfortable enough with it to experiment with it a little. Of course someone uncomplicatedly gay but not at all camp like Crispian would appeal to a recently confirmed bisexual man like John.
John, mercifully, doesn't seem to notice his slip.
John has popped a crostini in his mouth and mimes his answer while he wipes his slightly oily fingers. Sherlock can’t interpret it - something to do with rolling his eyes and shrugging his shoulders.
John clears his throat. “So, do I need to bring a dinner jacket and bowtie tomorrow? Do your family dress for dinner?”
It wasn’t easy.
He'll ask. It's the only way he'll be able to sleep tonight, or for the foreseeable future actually. This point has taken them both so long to get to - himself especially with the mental gymnastics he'd had to perform to find himself capable of falling in love with a man. He's been attracted to men before, he's even acted on those feelings on occasion. But this thing with Sherlock is more; deep and wide and tall. It is something that hasn't happened overnight, but now it’s here, now he is so far in, it can't be anything else but love. At least on his part. Not knowing Sherlock's mind on this is driving him demented.
However, John makes him tea and terrible dinners. John licks his lips and lets his own gaze linger on Sherlock’s mouth when they talk. John doesn’t step away when Sherlock stands too close. John calls him
He can hear Sherlock moving around in their room, the click and zip of his overnight bag, him clearing his throat, the slight rustling as he sorts through his clothes. John’s body is, of course, completely ignoring him and reacting to Sherlock, half clad and sleep-tousled, on the other side of the door. He’s probably still warm from the sheets and if John were to kiss him, now, before he was fully awake, he’d get that little line between his eyebrows that always shows up when he’s confused or surprised by something. He might even kiss back, not even realising how long John has wanted to taste those full lips.
Sherlock’s hand is cold and there are tremors that John can feel that run through him but it doesn’t stop him from talking. The bees, the honey, the river that runs to the south of Le Manoir and through the town of Saint Barthélemy Le Vieux, the way they sometimes get storms like this in the spring, the hope that the blossom on the trees is sufficiently advanced that the wind won’t affect the yield from John’s fruit trees, Mme Hudson’s fruit cake recipe…
Closing the sitting room door behind him, John turned the key in the lock with a definitive snick. “I see you’ve been shopping,” he observed, quietly pleased that his voice didn’t squeak.
"I would say that's open for debate,” John laughs, “and there's no age limit for hot chocolate. But I'd love a cuppa if you're having one."
Sherlock pauses to think, the tip of his tongue wetting his ridiculously perfect cupid's bow, his eyes flicking momentarily to John. "I think he might be aware of it now," Sherlock murmurs. "Finally."
would be one way of describing the look on Sherlock’s face as he walked into the flat that evening.
“Well, at the time I called it inconvenient but now I’ve had a chance to think about it, I find... I’m quite enjoying it,” Sherlock reveals, suddenly very interested in the cuff of his dressing gown.
“Sherlock?”
John sleeps better than he thought he would and wakes with a feeling of calm contentment. He often has morning wood first thing, so isn’t concerned when he’s already aroused as he drifts towards consciousness, but as soon as he remembers where he is it’s an altogether more delicate matter. He can’t just take care of it this morning as he can at home, either in the shower or, if all is quiet downstairs and he feels he has the time, in a leisurely and indulgent manner on his bed. A quick glance across to Sherlock’s bed confirms that his roomie is already awake and they smile awkwardly at each other. He feels refreshed and alert after a deep, dreamless night, but unavoidably attuned to the proximity of Sherlock and it’s going to take John some time to will the damn hard-on  away.
A sharp bark of laughter and several chattering voices stopped them, Sherlock pressing an index finger to John’s lips and lifting his eyes towards where the voices originated.
Sherlock passes him his tea and watches as John half sits, half falls into the closest kitchen chair. He takes a sip and makes a miserable face, choosing to place his mug on the table nearby.
John jerks in surprise – did he fall asleep?
“Harry and I weren't especially close considering we were twins. We were very different people - we still are. Where my instinct would be to deflect or defuse a situation, she was one for confrontations; any perceived injustice, any time she felt that she was being treated unfairly, everyone would hear about it. Her and dad's relationship was difficult anyway - and when he began making comments about her spending too much time with her friends and not enough time finding a boyfriend - well, it all went to hell. He was a drinker and Harry was already drinking by then. Mum just about gave up trying to keep the peace. I was so relieved to get accepted into uni and then join the army. Dad never knew... about me being bisexual. Harry's never forgiven me for not voicing up and backing her up when dad got... nasty."
“No, what you said what that you were adjusting to a world without the man you loved!”
“Did you have nightmares again?” John asks gently.
Sherlock thinks that John is making a
“Is... is... your arm...” Sherlock tries, and John frowns at him. There are words floating in Sherlock’s head and they sink whenever he tries to reach for them. Flotsam and jetsam on the surface of his intelligence. Usually, when he’s thinking hard, words ricochet and he chases after them, his neurons firing too rapidly for his verbal centres to keep up. Now, it’s the opposite. His thoughts are sluggish and incomplete, and words non-existent, slipping through his grip and if he manages to entrap them, they’re the wrong ones.
Their landlady had no advice to give John in regard to rescuing Sherlock’s suit or shirt, only waxing lyrical on the folly of buying a fabric that was dry-clean only for a man who spent as much time as Sherlock did in skips and the suchlike. John couldn’t find it in his heart to join in, knowing how very fine his beloved looked in it despite its impracticality.
When he hasn’t been actively regaining his strength and recovering from his injuries, he’s been watching John, to the extent that he thinks John may have noticed. He’s starting to worry that it appears to be something he does without conscious thought. He’d assumed that with his improving emotional control, he would soon be in a position to put his attraction to John back in the depths of his mind. Once he’d become part of the world again, he’d expected his responses to John’s presence to dull, to return to their status quo of flatmates, colleagues and friends. That isn’t how it has been, though. It’s ridiculous and futile, but he misses the other John, even though he doesn’t exist other than in his own addled brain. For every similarity he sees, his heart leaps only for his hopes to be dashed whenever John disengages from him, when he breaks their gaze, when he keeps his distance. If Sherlock could find a way to cross the line that has arisen between them and make this John smile at him in the same way as the other, he would do it in an instant.
John narrows his eyes at Holmes. “Have you been talking to Mme Hudson?”
in there still. He’s not completely disappeared into the role of protective doctor and primary carer.
“You’ve only been asleep for an hour, it’s still not yet three a.m. Go back to sleep, John,” Sherlock says quietly without looking away from his screen. The combination of the backlight and the fire’s flickering make bright points of his eyes, his nose and his cheeks, soaking the rest of him in gentle, sepia shadow.
"... for four months..."
John pulls back to check he’s heard that correctly.
Fifteen minutes later (which is relatively fast for Sherlock), he emerges from the bathroom in a cloud of steam and scent. John tries to keep his eyes on his book but does a double take the second he notices the jeans. If he thought Sherlock in a suit was a force for good in the world, then Sherlock in jeans is proof that there is a Father Christmas and that John Watson has been a very good boy this year. Inky blue and slim, they hug his thighs and his hips as lovingly as his tailored suits do. Teamed with this he has a pair of thick wool socks and a fine knit jumper in a plum colour and by the time John's eyes have finished making their way slowly from toes to eyes, Sherlock's cheeks are tinged pink.
“I think you already know.” Sherlock reaches up and brushes his fingers over the bright prickle of John’s scruff.
Sherlock sighs. He’s obviously been too distracted to notice that John is considering dating again. He stopped for a while and seemed content to be spending evenings at home, watching TV, eating takeaway or frequenting local restaurants with Sherlock - when there were no cases on, of course. And while John hasn’t been serious about any of the girlfriends he has had since Sherlock has known him, he clearly has very strong feelings about this new potential partner. And Sherlock hasn’t even met her so he can’t really engage in character assasination, at least not yet; he’s sure the lucky lady is tedious and bland, and the most exciting thing about her is her boyfriend. But John does, after all, deserve to be happy and banal women apparently please him. Sherlock cannot expect John to want to live with him in their cluttered flat forever, however perfect he happens to think their situation is. Of course not.
It’s the easiest leap of faith he has ever made.
John was always his exception to every rule.
"So," Sherlock says, his eyes still smiling. "I heard a yes in there."
Thinking he has said this gently, Sherlock is surprised when John doesn’t react. Like a man in a trance he fits his hand into Sherlock’s and shakes it. After they release, John looks about to say something more but appears to think better of it.
"Lovely party, isn't it?" John says, a little too loudly as if he can change the topic just by will alone.
It won’t be long before his bedmate begins to stir. It’s Monday morning and that means he has to go to that depressing ‘health’ centre and be kind and patient with people who aren’t Sherlock. He honestly doesn’t know why John bothers with it.
I could do to save you. What was the point, if I couldn’t save you?”
Hanging, like a misshapen fruit from one of the apple tree branches is a seething , black, buzzing mass. There are a few bees flying orbits around the cluster, but mostly they huddle close together, climbing over one another in a frenzy of activity.
Sherlock hums into his hair and doesn't let him go for a long, sweet while. John eventually turns in his arms and kisses him properly and Sherlock maneuvers them back to the bed where they flop down side by side, John panting and Sherlock looking smug. They steal soft kisses and listen to the conversations passing beneath their window, the low chunter of voices getting steadily louder even in the ten minutes they lay there.
"I should go," Sherlock says, pulling a banknote from his wallet and pushing it beneath the saucer of his cooling drink.
“I don’t think jam is wise, but a scrape of butter might be acceptable. Eggs are nutritionally well balanced, but the smell of them cooking can make people less likely to choose them in cases where nausea occurs, so perhaps…”
He needs to stop drinking. He feels lighter than he thought possible, sitting here in Mrs Hudson’s cosy sitting room, a fire in the grate, laughing with Sherlock who is turned towards him in the corner of the sofa they are sharing.
Kisses by firelight.
"I need to check on Crispian one more time before I turn in. I'll see you in a minute," he smiles, brushing his thumb over Sherlock's lower lip as he plucks the key from Sherlock's unresisting fingers and lets himself in.
?” he enquired, settling the cuffs of his shirt so they just peeked below the edge of his jacket sleeves.
There's a tree to trim and a blogger to woo.
Mycroft’s words have found their mark and lodge in John’s chest, squeezing his heart in a way that feels just like it did when he first caught sight of a familiar silhouette standing on top of a London hospital on a cool, grey day that John is still haunted by.
"Alright."
Pressing a kiss to each knuckle, John lifts his attention to Sherlock’s face, pressing tiny kisses against his chin, cheeks and jaw, closed mouth and soft. He nudges Sherlock’s chin up with his nose and presses deeper, wetter kisses to Sherlock neck, relishing the tiny shudder that runs through his frame.
>>><<<
"Oh god, Mycroft... I hadn't considered..."
John's breath leaves him in a rush and his heart drops further in his chest. He flicks to the BBC app and sees that the top three stories are related to the heavy snow and blizzard conditions being experienced further north.
from what Sherlock
These are thoughts that have been rolling over and over in John’s mind, sickly and dark, and increasing in frequency since Sherlock mooted his ideas about meeting Mary at his parent’s home.
Hissing as Sherlock bit down on his neck, John tried to keep up with a boyfriend who seemed to be everywhere at once by taking a handful of his arse in those glorious jeans.
John encourages Sherlock to sit on the side of his messy bed, then steps back. It’s not so cold in here and the question in Sherlock’s gaze makes John warmer still.
To which, John had replied, “What’s the case?”
“Better take a step back there,” John says with a teasing grin, ignoring the way his heart leaps in his chest. “Unless you want to give people something more to talk about.”
He hasn't brought fresh clothes into the bathroom and has to return to their room in his towel. Sherlock looks away tactfully as John enters the room, but as John bends and rummages for fresh underwear in his bag, he can feel the weight of his friend's gaze on him. A glance in the mirror on the opposite wall confirms his hunch and their eyes meet briefly in the spill of light from the bathroom. It's awkward as John realises that just the thought of Sherlock's eyes on his bare back is causing his issue to become ever more urgent, so he grabs the closest thing and scuttles back into the bathroom to explain to his body that he understands the reaction, but it's embarrassing him. Later, he promises, when he is alone, he will revisit this moment and do it justice.
John is standing two metres away and Sherlock has a sudden recollection of how others who have squared off against Captain Watson have fared. He doesn’t look immediately threatening, but the possibility is there should it become necessary, and Sherlock presses send before John can ask him to move again.
“Well,” John begins and his face screws up quite charmingly as he considers, much as he did when trying to explain James Bond to him, or the point of the character known as Q. “While, it’s not impossible for the love of your life not to return the sentiment, and some people only realise that someone was the love of their life after the fact, it’s not often a negotiated kind of situation. It doesn’t depend on certain requirements or obligations… it just… is… errr…”
John had spent months being single before getting together with Sherlock, intermittent dates aside, but since they had, he had become used to having someone around, and to a regular, healthy sex life. Three weeks didn’t sound like a long time, but John’s libido begged to differ. His left hand, once his most constant and faithful sexual partner, held little appeal since he’d discovered how much more satisfying Sherlock’s hands were, to say nothing of the rest of him.
, when people ask.
“We should have got you out of those wet clothes back at the hospital. If you become hypothermic on top of everything else that’s happened tonight, it will just complicate matters further.”
“Thank you, but I think I’m a better audience than musician,” he admits, letting his arms drop.
Something inside Sherlock turns to ice. It wasn’t his words, in the end, that betrayed him. All of him, body and mind, have become so attuned, so infatuated with John that perhaps… perhaps this was inevitable.
John blinks at him, a small, fond smile breaking across his face. “Er… you don’t know what the question is yet.”
Sherlock throws himself down on the sofa - he's pacing and that isn't what he wants John to see when (if?) he finally returns or rumbles Crispian's lies. It might make John think that Sherlock's reaction to his kiss was anything but ecstatic. There are so many things to think about when one is in a relationship - Sherlock will have to be much more careful about reviewing John's actions and words to double check he has not overlooked something important. But he's getting ahead of himself.
Mrs Hudson clucks but Sherlock’s attention has been drawn to the gift that John is currently unwrapping (or more precisely, John’s reaction to it.) It’s a book with a plain, dark cover that John runs his hand over, almost caressing the thing.
Other people might not catch the sarcasm in Mycroft's tone, but John has lived with Sherlock long enough to understand the other level of this conversation and decides to brazen it out. (After he has finished blushing about thoroughly debauching Mycroft's little brother while everyone was arriving, that is.)
“Yes,” John says, his voice admirably firm, he feels, considering the visual.
- John has been left pretty much to his own devices, which is exactly how he likes it.  He moved bedrooms after a couple of nights, trying to avoid the cockerel that is convinced that dawn is two full hours before the sun comes up, but other than that he has yet to really make his mark on any room in the house, content to exist in the space as his sister had left it. His life begins to settle into a routine and John tells himself he’s happy about this. He gets up, he reads trashy novels that he finds on the bookshelves in the sitting room, and he watches the weather roll across more shades of brown, grey and dull green than he has names for. The clouds are a permanent fixture, the temperature hovers a few degrees above freezing and the wind adds variety only in the strength at which it blows each day; brisk breeze, howling gale or bone-chilling gusts with rain squalls. He and the garden seem to have reached an impasse. John glowers at it and the garden ignores him.
"But you're interested," Sherlock spits back immediately.
John’s heart fell at that. “Will you have to follow it back to the source?”
Even as Sherlock listens to his idiot speech therapists persuade him of the benefits of their expertise on his verbal skills, he knows that there is nothing they can say that will give him back the other John. He endures the examinations and, at first, even attempted some of the exercises they gave him to complete, but the second he opened his mouth and heard the horror of utter rubbish that he poured forth, it only reinforced his decision to avoid speaking altogether. An untrained observer may only have been able to tell something was wrong by the fact that his sentences might be short or clipped, the words laboriously chosen but scrambled on the delivery. Sherlock won’t settle for less than complete functioning, and refuses to humiliate himself in front of strangers. Besides, progress in therapy would mean having to try harder with everyone else. True, it pains him to disappoint John with his apparent lack of engagement but he cannot risk embarrassment or the potential for damage inherent in opening his mouth.
Yes, he was beautiful. Yes, any fashion house would fall over itself to get a model as gorgeous as him. And yes, John was a lucky, lucky bastard, and he thanked his stars for it every day. But he was also a simple man and he thought that sometimes Sherlock stood out, like a peacock in a chicken shed. What was wrong with just being the best-looking cockerel? To mix a metaphor, he certainly didn’t need to gild the lily.
“Not to mention a disgrace to your regiment and to the Queen,” Sherlock rumbled, his face relaxed and happy in a way that only John ever truly got to appreciate.
“That was a little more subtle than I was prepared for,” he complains.
John imagined that the tub would take some minutes to fill, as large as it is, but when Sherlock pulls back to look at him, the steaming water is two thirds of the way up the sides. and John wonders again at how time bends and warps when they kiss. Sherlock lets him go and piles their towels on the floor where they can reach them. He helps John into the bath, settling him at the end and allowing him to sink down into the water before he climbs in after him, turning to find himself a space between John's thighs where he can lay back against John's chest and rest his head against his shoulder. The tub at Baker Street isn't really big enough for this - they have tried it once or twice, but it has ended up being more trouble than it was worth. This bath is a different thing altogether. John doesn't know if people in the 1920s or 30s were taller, or if a big bath was a status symbol, but there is enough room for them both to be under the water and stretched out in relative comfort, although Sherlock's long legs are bent a little at the knees.
Sherlock just makes a withering face at his flatmate who ignores his wishes anyway.
It takes an age for John’s gaze to make the journey up to Sherlock’s. He tugs at John’s sleeve urgently, frowning when John simply shakes his head.
“Since when?”
Sherlock has taken him at his word and barely seems to have blinked since John left him on the side of the bed. He’s watching him with such openness, and John realises with a flood of warmth that Sherlock, although the smartest man he know and a genius, he has no idea what to do next.
He feels disoriented and exhausted. He was doing something, but now he can’t remember what it was even though it had seemed vitally important at the time. It's dark and must be getting late; he can't stop yawning and he’s cold from sitting on the floor here.
"You're too tall, Holmes."
“And this is something that lots of people experience, is it?” Sherlock asks eagerly.
John, on his knees and desperate, felt drunk on the sensation of Sherlock in his mouth, all around him, his hands holding him and making him feel cherished and worthy.
John wonders what the other man is thinking - he doesn't seem unhappy exactly but he doesn't appear to be pleased either. He's so hard to fathom and that's exactly why John has never made a play to see how it was received. He doesn't doubt his place in Sherlock's life - he knows he is in a very privileged position and that he probably knows Sherlock better than anyone else. It's mutual. But each time he has decided that there is enough evidence that he should try an offer of more than friendship, something has happened to make him think that Sherlock has no need or desire for a romantic relationship. It's been a struggle but John is doing his best to be at peace with it. He hasn't dated in months and currently has no plans to do so. His life with Sherlock is everything he wants with the exception of a physical element. John believes he can live without that if it means he gets to stay. It doesn't stop him from looking though. Or dreaming. Sherlock’s physicality, however out of reach it might be, is not something that can be ignored, John has found.
“And you should stand by your bed and salute when an officer enters the barracks.”
The sound of aggressive tooth brushing begins and Sherlock hurries to fetch a jug of water, a glass, the packet of paracetamol and the ‘secret’ bottle of lubricant and box of condoms that John keeps in the back of his bottom drawer up in his bedroom. He brings them all into his room, then returns to lock the front door and switch both their mobiles to silent, with a last detour to the kitchen for digestive biscuits.
"I want to touch... when you get home. I want to feel your warmth through the fabric and map the shape of you with my lips."
And it
John tried to quiet his breath and glanced up to see if he was attracting attention but London shoppers were obviously made of sterner stuff and no one was looking his way. He cleared his throat and jumped when the phone chimed again.
He sides the drawer shut and closes the wardrobe.
Sherlock still has no memory of the hours leading up to the detonation of the bomb and only a partial recollection of the days prior. Mycroft tells him that James Moriarty died in the explosion, but without genuine memories of his own, there is no sense of resolution in that fact. Sherlock tries not to dwell on the gaps in his recollections and has avoided accessing his mind palace in any but the most superficial of manners, disturbed by what he might find.
Of course Sherlock has already skipped ahead to the conclusion of several years of John’s soul-searching in less than ten seconds. His eyes narrow, then flick away.
Watching Sherlock watch him is uncomfortable and he’s ashamed of the thoughts that have been tormenting him, even while he cannot quite dismiss them.
an idiot,” Sherlock adds, because he can.
"Good for you!" Sherlock declares and closes his eyes again.
“He spiked your drinks?” Sherlock asks.
John feels a surprising smile break across his face completely without his sanction. “I met my neighbour yesterday.”
"Fine. Yeah, good," he nods, briefly scratching his jaw with his thumbnail. "Pretty good. Thanks for coming. I wasn't sure if you… if you would.”
“How did you even end up here?”John asks, feeling awkward. It’s more than a little unnerving not knowing these things but he doesn’t want to insult the man who spent the night dealing with his issues.
He opens his mouth, draws a breath but anxiety floods in and drowns his synapses like a fuse shorting. John watches him and Sherlock is certain he must look like an idiot, gaping like the goldfish Mycroft had declared he was even as a child. He exhales audibly, snaps his mouth shut and sends the damned, wretched text.
It’s strangely easy to be held like this, Sherlock’s warm hands against him and his thumbs rubbing idle patterns against his ribs. John wonders if he is suffering psychosis, it all seems so surreal and peaceful, so unlike their normal life.
“A warm shower might help," John suggests when they reach his room. Sherlock looks around shamelessly cataloguing without even a pretense of politeness.
It has taken him several months to get to this point, where he can be around John without being assaulted by guilt or anger or hopelessness. If he had ever doubted his brother's advice on relationships, he need only have anticipated his own struggles for balance - the hatefulness of hope and inevitable descent into despair when those hopes are not borne out. Sherlock broke the habit of a lifetime's solitude for John Watson and the cruelty of having to relearn its ways afterwards is something he cannot face again.
“Okay,” Sherlock blinks, inhales a little sharply then settles onto his back, their joined hands on his belly.
He had to shift his hips a little, his own erection becoming uncomfortably constrained where he stood, giving Sherlock the audience he’d so clearly awaited. And, of course, wanting him so intensely it was the most perfect agony. John could feel his pulse in his groin, a cold sweat break out along his hairline and his fingers itch to touch and stroke and worship.
Glancing around the deserted players area, Sherlock stepped to one side and held the door open for John. “Get in,” he murmured.
“I’ve been thinking about tomorrow,” he begins.
Not once.
Only not to shadowy, lying assassins, waiting for an opportunity to rise up the ranks of a headless, faceless criminal organisation; an opportunity that John had provided and that Mycroft had efficiently if ruthlessly removed once it became necessary.
Oh, well really! That’s… quite direct.
Sherlock can feel his resolve weakening the longer John talks. It terrifies him - he has fought for months to have arrived in this place. There were nights when his body and mind had both screamed for the oblivion of a hit, when he'd been assaulted by so much emotion that he'd wished he'd been long gone from that lab at Barts before John Watson had walked in and loaned Sherlock his phone.
"Everything's fine."
Intolerable.
Other than a partially lost week and the fact that he cannot speak, he is making impressive progress in regaining his mental faculties, astounding everyone but John and his brother. His physical injuries are taking longer to heal and no amount of willpower seems to have an effect on his body’s ability to repair itself any quicker than an average human. It’s utterly tedious.  When he had finally managed to convey to John via text how long the gaps in his memory were, he was told his brain injury ranked somewhere in the grey area between mild and moderate. He should recover, the medical professionals told him. Should. It sounded like an imperative. It sounded as though they thought he
“So when you say… what you said… are you saying…?”
“John! It’s Sherlock. Can you let me in?”
Sherlock nods slowly, looks like he wants to say more, but then nods again, more decisively.
“Yes, John, I miscalculated – I didn’t recognise the reason for your hesitation and for my own part I thought I was ready to say goodbye to you. I thought I would be happy to see you happy, back with your wife. Now I know that you would be happier here, it seems it is my turn to tell you that yes…I… would greatly prefer that too.”
Knowing it’s most likely pointless, he sneaks in through the front door and up the stairs as silently as he can anyway. He doesn’t want to interrupt and if Sherlock is far enough into his own head maybe John can watch and listen for a little while without being noticed. There’s a focus to Sherlock when he plays – as if the man needed to be even more
the Ice Man. He was efficient once the situation had merited his intervention but, to this day, John still doesn’t know if he’d have stepped in at all unless it had benefitted his own interests in some way.
“Your accent
By eleven he’s checked with Molly (who hasn’t seen him all day), Greg and a selection from Sherlock’s merry band of London’s alternative cultures. The snow is already an inch or two deep on the pavements and on the roads it fills the tyre tracks of the dwindling number of passing cars swiftly.
"The librarian?"
He straightens up and watches, needing to know that his answer has been understood. Finally, John knows what he wants and he’s not about to change his mind anytime soon.
Stuffing his phone into his pocket, John turns toward Oxford Street and runs.
She shakes her head sadly and leaves that thought hanging.
Adjusting minutely, Sherlock presses in as deep as he can and relaxes, draping his arm over John’s waist, tracing the path of his soft, darker hair down to his goal which is already half hard and filling fast.
…a deep sleeper. Honestly, how can John – a trained soldier and field hospital surgeon – think that’s he’s fooling Sherlock Holmes, the man who read his entire life history in a two-minute conversation the first time they met?
