But his hands hover over Tony's body and his body is suddenly not moving on his own like it was before.
“It can change the world—”
Bucky blinks at him like he's gone crazy and laughs. "What do you mean what am I doing here? We won! I'm celebrating," Bucky says, raising his bottle at him before putting his arm around Steve.
It’s an absolute pattern of all their college life: they have to do something important – Tony manages to get alcohol into the mix – Rhodey says he won’t drink – Rhodey ends up drinking anyway.
Sitting gives him a chance to think but it doesn't do anything to help.
He's not in a cell, he's in a vault. Their most precious weapon locked away in a safe, protected.
“The man on the bridge,” he blurts instead, his voice softer than he’s ever allowed. “Who was he?” He asks, locking his eyes with his handler.
Steve wants to say it won’t happen again but he hates making promises he can’t keep.
"Is— is that normal?" Maya asks, pointing at the gift bunny.
“Master Tony…”
It’s just about all the reassurance Steve needs before he pushes himself against Tony again, burying him into the mattress with the force of his kiss.
"Potato gun," Tony says, hands behind his back.
"Why?" Steve asks and Tony stops midtrack.
“How so?” Rhodey asks.
Natasha lets out a soft chuckle at that, like he's truly offering the most unrealistic thing, not just regular friendship. "Well, there's a chance you might be in the wrong business, Rogers," she says, turning serious at last.
But when he opens them, he thinks he’s still dreaming.
"Oh, and Steve," Tony calls, stopping on his tracks and waiting for Steve to look up at him again. Once Steve does, Tony throws him something tiny and Steve catches it without much effort. "I hope I see you again, soon," he adds, flashing his brand grin.
,” the somebody says.
“Uhm,” Rhodey cuts in, raising a finger at her. “N— Natalie?” he asks and she gives him a courtesy smile.
Steve still looks between the room, hesitantly.
'No, you're fooling yourself, he's not interested, he's just a good man who wants to make his teammates feel welcome,' a reasonable voice in his head tells him.
“I'm sorry, did you say—”
"Oh, then he probably wants something else, right?" Allen replies in a fake casual tone. "Perhaps, he's gonna ask for your number," he adds, sarcastically.
Tony full-on pouts, there’s no other thing to call it but that. “But, Ed, Rhodey is here,” he says; Rhodey contains the urge to laugh at Tony’s absolute child-like attitude.
Tony wets his lips. "I knew you guys wouldn't understand—"
Steve moves his head to one side, confused. “Your—the lady said you asked me to come,” he explains, in an asking tone.
Rhodey stares at Ross not sure what to take from that when the man flashes a smile and offers his hand for Rhodey to shake, grounding him back. "Uh— thank you, sir... and congratulations, for the position, Mr. Secretary," Rhodey adds, diplomatically.
Steve's chest is still trying to ease up. "Where's Thor?" he asks, following in shaky steps after Clint.
Not even if they’re your soulmate.
Tony looks up and his breath gets caught up his throat. A Chitauri ship hangs above his head, unmoving.
“This is uh...This,” Tony says, looking at all the information S.H.I.E.L.D. has on the former Avengers candidates. Captain America standing particularly in front of him.
Thor smiles at him and nods, his hands around his drink.
"With all the honors on his belt, this guy is the whole damn forces best and brightest," Yu adds, chuckling with Ross. Then he turns back to Rhodey and eyes him. "Our very own superhero," he adds with a weird tone.
So he holds onto Rhodey’s hand and steps out of the plane, ready to start his second try at life, even eager to do so.
“That's alright, ‘cause I love to be handed things, so, let's trade,” Pepper speaks, taking the folder from Agent guy and giving him her glass. “Thank you,” she says, after taking the glass from Tony and handing him the folder.
Jimmy looks up to the dark, deep sky and sighs. ‘
“You may not enjoy that,” Bruce comments.
"Wouldn't have been my first call," the suit answers. "But, down in the real world, we're faced with ugly choices."
“Stay down,” Happy whispers into Tony’s ears, all his weight on top of him.
“Unless, Selvig has figured out how to stabilize the quantum tunnelling effect,” Tony retorts, walking towards him.
Natasha parks her car just by the sidewalk and lowers the window.
doesn’t.
"Is that a rhetorical question or would you like me to run statistics?" JARVIS asks.
“I could lose my job. And so could you, which, frankly, would be even sadder,” Allen says.
"She's okay, she's at the hospital. She lost a lot of blood, so she'll have to be there for a bit, but she's good, Pep," Tony explains.
"Bucky used to say that to me all the time," it's what he says. Tony fights the urge to straight-up frown at him.
Tony stands, takes one look at himself, in his dirty baggy pants, white t-shirt, covered in oil and dust and smoke. He smiles widely and curses Pepper in his head. “So, what brings you by?” he asks, putting his hands together.
"I'm gonna need you to stay put here for a while longer, is that alright?" Pierce asks him, his eyebrows quirked funnily.
Bruce has a point.
Deciding against it, he lowers the file back and continues his journey of seeing all of his past friends, now as nothing but filed memories. He sees Howard and is swiftly brought back to the present time, the present problem.
“Hi,” she replies to him and then directs her eyes back to Coulson. “They need you on the bridge, they’re starting the face-trace,” she tells him.
Steve stuffs his hands in his pocket and contemplates his misery. There’s no window of opportunity for him to try and court Tony, is there?
Rhodey makes a vague face as an answer.
Steve is lying splat on the floor when
Once Steve finishes sniffing on Peggy's shoulder, she grabs both of his hands in her wrinkly ones, her cheeks shiny with tears she allowed herself to cry, too, and smiles down to him.
“—in Switzerland,” Tony adds, looking down.
"Rhodey," Tony says and Rhodey looks up at him. Tony moves his chin up back to the Barnes info. "He's called James. Isn't that funny?" he says.
Meghan blinks in response, after all it was still early.
Tony lets out a breath he didn’t know he was holding as soon as Howard was out of sight. Maria walks closer to him, placing her hand on his cheek once more. “You know we love you, right?” she asks, Tony blinks, he’s done fighting.
The explosions go off and it’s all too familiar. Tony moves, swirls around and dodges the shots until he doesn’t.
Whatever, then, Iron Man — he can take it.
Pepper gives him a look. “And a giant rabbit would’ve fixed that?” she asks, crossing her arms.
“As have I, sir,” he adds, smiling back.
“How's he doing?” Bruce asks Tony once they meet in the lab.
He walks slowly back to the vault and steps out of his suit with a tug on his stomach; a loser, he feels. Not fast enough, not smart enough. Loki moved them along like pawns, following exactly as he planned.
He really just forgets Tony is kind of a celebrity sometimes.
"We told him to solve the world," Bruce says and locks eyes with him.
So all Rhodey can say is: “I am, sir,” with unshaken faith in Tony and in his own ability to find him, even if he has to dig through every single field of sand in all the Middle East.
He sits in the darkness of the kitchen and waits for Pierce to realize he's there. They didn't tell him anything when they left him there, only that they needed him again.
Rhodey steps in just in time to seen Tony walking down the stairs, sweatpants and a two-size bigger ACDC t-shirt that might or might not have a coffee stain on his chest.
Tony holds his hands up defensively. “They rubbed Happy wrong, Pep. That’s all I meant to say,” he explains.
"Kid, you can't just sneak up on us like that. Your mother's worried out there," Rhodey says to Harley then, hands on his hips.
Steve raises his eyebrows at her. "You know what, Romanoff?" he says and she smiles at him.
Tony shrugs. “Well, you know me,” he says, hands in his pockets.
“Out,” he says, all honestly. “I told Jarvis where I was going—”
He can see Tony's eyes sparkle before his face changes completely and he goes: "And that is unbridled arousal," just for the sake of the joke's timing.
Maya takes a breath and puts a hand on her waist. "Well, Extremis is meant to rewrite DNA code. So, mark erasure must be a side-effect," she considers with a shrug.
“And don’t you always complain when I make everything about me?” Tony asks.
"So, where did you find him?" Rhodey asks a few minutes later.
“Happy, we already talked about this. I’m gonna be with Air Force finest here. You can’t get any more protected,” he says.
“Well, you’re the boss, Mister Stark. It is in the job description,” she jokes and Tony already likes this girl.
Heroes don’t let other people die on them. Hero is
Everyone sits on the table, relaxed and at ease, ready to have their meal and Rhodey smiles widely because he can't remember the last time he had an actual group of friends and it wasn't just him and Tony against the world.
Tony shakes his head and looks down, he still can remember all of their dead eyes looking at nothing. Looking at him and his epic failure.
Steve bites his lower lip and does a thing with his eyebrows which gets Tony to throw his head back in a single silent laugh— Steve would almost dare to say it also made Tony even blush.
“I haven’t heard of something similar. Have you had that checked?” Doctor Cho asks Rhodey, who blinks in reply, still lost at how this turned around to him and his permanent life question.
Agent guy is the first person Tony sees once he lands on the Helicarrier and exits the suit. He looks at Tony with a forced, loop-sided smile and Tony grins.
“We do, sir,” Jarvis answers, turning towards him. “
“We are. The model's locked and we're sweeping for the signature now. When we get a hit, we'll have the location within half a mile,” Bruce replies, pointing to Fury to one of the screens.
Not that Tony stared or anything.
"No, no. I'm not actually sorry. I'm just trying to sound tough," Sam says, his eyes going a little towards the woman that just walked by between them. "Nah. I'm very happy chasing cold leads on our missing person's case," he adds, giving him a short look.
"Let him go," Tony hears Maya say behind Killian.
Pepper snuffles. "Yeah, and what about you and your issues? When are you getting help to get that fixed? ‘Cause building a bunch of armors isn't a healthy coping mechanism, Tony," she says, in good nature.
Everyone around them turns to them, wondering.
Pepper rolls her eyes. “No, you're spying on me. This is ridiculous,” she trails.
It nearly makes him malfunction.
?” Tony asks, turning his eyes back to Agent guy again.
“No, don’t bother coming here. Talk to Major Jewett at the Pentagon, she’ll provide you with an office you can use—” he says.
Suddenly, his lack of a good meal started to make itself known. Loudly.
So Rhodey gets tickets to LA instead and feels upset when he can’t phone Jarvis to set up the surprise for his friend. Guess he’ll have to come unannounced.
“Ok, so, clearly the guy is not an evil killing machine. That doesn’t mean he’s stable. Or that he should be left alone,” Allen says.
The girl smiles at Tony politely and hands him a piece of paper. “Do you mind signing my drawing?” she asks.
"Look me in the eye and tell me you're going to shut him down," Fury asks him.
Tony's throat goes dry.
“What do you mean?”
He rents a car and uses his shiny military dress uniform to bribe people into giving him the proper directions and he’s in the front yard in no time. One knock on the door and he takes a deep breath.
He turns to face the man with visible discomfort but the man stares back at him shocked as soon as he sees his face.
“God, is he always this dramatic?” Tony mutters, a hand on his forehead to shield himself from the sun.
“It’s ok,” Tony says after a long beat, his eyelashes moving slowly. “What I wanted to say is—I’m just tired, Steve. That’s all. I keep working and I forget to, you know, slow down for a bit,” he explains, his eyes honest.
Hulk throws him off his body to the side with no delicacy and Thor flips his faceplate open. Steve kneels in front of him like he’s sinking, his hand goes to his chest in a flash and he bends just to check if he’s breathing.
He can taste blood on his tongue from how hard he's biting as he stares at the stand of the man he used to be.
“We’re like the perfect combo, buddy,” Tony says, on his 39th birthday —in a surprise party Tony managed to pull while inviting a few of Rhodey’s teammates and not just them and Pepper and Happy like last year’s.
In no time he becomes sort of a rock star in the base, and the guy most pilot trainees wanna meet when they get there.
"Artificial intelligence," Fury says, ignoring him. "You never even hesitated," he adds, taking a few steps towards him.
Steve moves his head to one side and smiles. “It’s one of my two favorite colors,” he replies.
“Maybe not that,” Rhodey mutters.
Rhodey frowns. “Why?”
"MAYA, RUN!" Pepper screams as she scrambles back, but Killian pushes her into the wall.
“What?” Pepper wonders but they’re world’s away, Tony’s focused on the fact that an alien God seemingly got his hands on a special alien object with unclear power capacity.
“Hmm, is that why you fainted?” Pepper asks, quirking one eyebrow.
"I thought we'd be better in my room," he says, shrugging.
Tony blinks at him and nods. He knows Jarvis loves him, more than Howard ever did, but that’s not a bar too high to pass.
"Maya, Maya," Tony says, grabbing her weakened body as her start to flutter.
Tony lets out a breath as his mouth draws up in a disappointed grimace. "'Cause he wants to get rid of you without even knowing who you are and that's just crazy," Tony says.
Steve looks at him with mild confusion and something else, something Tony can’t quite place, but then he does as told.
The look on Ross' face makes Rhodey's throat dry a little.
"Find it!" Rhodey orders Walker after he's seen Tony's home being blown to pieces.
"Is there a reason why you're here?" Tony asks a beat later, Fury smiles a smile that looks awful on his face. "Other than to make me voice things I should only be telling to a professional," he adds, rolling his eyes.
So he nods and sits on a stool and waits for Álvarez to take the other. Then raises his beer for him to click his drink.
“Why shouldn't they guy let off a little steam?” Tony asks, nonchalantly moving his arm around and trying to pat the Captain’s shoulder.
Rhodey just stands and narrows his eyes at him. “Are you sure you don’t have a concussion?”
They both laugh at that and it's the only air filling the room.
Tony rubs the back of his head with his other hand and then looks at his car for a second, Steve takes that brief picture and captures it in his memory. Tony’s profile, lit by the bright, shiny sun setting at his back. His strong jaw, with its spotlessly shaven goatee, and his lean, perfectly curved nose, supporting his shiny, expensive sunglasses, closing with a great set of soft-looking brown hair.
Steve walks over to the big window and bathes in the bright blueness the view is offering. “Doctor, thank you for coming,” he hears Nick say in the back.
“You’re seriously not gonna try to reach him?” Rhodey asks, crossing his arms.
They both sit just looking at their hands, too tired to think of anything but too awake to sleep.
“He knows who I am,” Tony says.
“What are you doing, Mr. Stark?” he asks as Tony sits on one of the tables.
Pepper is sitting in her chair, Tony's holding her hand as Maya injects her with the antidote. "This should be totally painless, Pepper," Maya says. "So, let me know if you feel anything bad," she says, smiling shyly.
“Where are we going?” Maya asks, amused.
“Jarvis,” Rhodey interrupts, his eyes up on the grey ceiling, then falling to Tony.
“If you did, you would have already,” the man adds, his eyes conveying an emotion he can’t quite understand. “You would’ve done something eight months ago. You would’ve done something in Juarez, in Bonaire, in Tuscany or Monza or Montegiardino, in Sombor, Szolnok, or any other of the ten places you went hiding to,” he says.
"Stark Secure Server: Now transferring to all known receivers," the computer voice greets Tony.
“Yeah, we're full,” Happy tells him, putting his arm as a barrier between him and them inside the elevator.
Tony rolls his eyes but doesn’t fight him on it.
Rhodey saves him the burden of knowing what people think of him, he isn’t sure it’ll be helpful for anyone, and instead says, “Nothing.”
The name tag he had left for her ages ago. "Did I do that?" he asks, just to stall for time.
“Uh...his first name is Agent,” Tony says, following after Pepper.
"Barton, I swear to God, if you don't let him finish his speech, you're gonna eat outside," Tony says, pointing at him with a butter knife.
"What was he doing there? I thought he retired," Allen says.
"We're locked down out here," Natasha says.
The sibling Gods disappear in a blue light, surely powered by the cube, and Fury then stands in the spot they were just standing on. He looks at each one of them and he nods.
Rhodey can see that happening. He shakes his head and lets out a bitter chuckle. "You know, I miss the old days when the bad guys were just some human psychos with guns," Rhodey mutters and Allen lets out a laugh.
He’s on Steve’s couch in Steve’s apartment with Steve’s blanket wrapped all around him.
⊂( ・ ̫・)⊃
But Tony’s question translated to ‘do you want me?’ and Steve did. Like no one or nothing he ever thought he would.
“Then don’t,” Peggy says, a hopeful smile on her face. “You be something else, something better. Turn Stark Industries into everything your father could not, Tony,” she says, grabbing his hands in her wrinkles-covered ones.
Tony opens his mouth to say something but the doors close before he can.
"I have her. Find him," he says in Russian after she's promptly gotten on his nerves.
Steve just shakes his head, huffing a breath. "My body feels weird to me since the forties, Tony," he jokes.
“I thought you said you were from California,” Rhodey says, as Álvarez sits back on his bed.
Tony blinks and shakes his head. “I wouldn’t—I mean, you don’t have to talk about it but I – I wouldn’t feel sorry. I get it,” he says, then gives Steve a look with all sorts of meaning.
Tony rolls on his chair and smiles, his hand clasped together. “Mhm, and how was it?”
Tony nods. "I know that."
Trouble. This guy is just trouble.
“Yep, already. I got promoted to Captain after going to Somalia in ’94, then it’s been nothing but smooth sailing from there,” he says, and Álvarez nods with a pout.
"You sound like Pepper," Tony replies, narrowing his eyes.
"He's not very eloquent, is he?" Pierce says to their audience when he doesn't say anything again. People around them chuckle nervously, not knowing what else to do.
Then Tony moves one shoulder up and looks different. More serious. "I just wondered 'cause he seemed to love you a lot. It's weird—" Tony says, looking at his fingers.
"You don't wanna go after him," Allen says, softly. There's no judgment in his tone and Rhodey doesn't really understand why.
Fuck. Guess he can’t ever be fully happy.
Rhodey lets out a deep breath, like he’d been holding all of his air in since his eyes landed on Barnes.
Tony’s been staring at the so-called God, sitting strapped in one of the chairs of the jet like he’s some old lady in the bus, expectative but otherwise unconcerned.
Steve snorts a laugh.
being an asshole,” Rhodey replies.
And after paying his mom a visit for a few days, Rhodey goes to Manhattan to finally take on Tony’s persistent requests that they hang our even though Rhodey just turned 24 and is far more mature than how he was in their college years. But he misses Tony a lot so he braces himself for a little overdrinking and some casual hookup in the next two to three days and knocks on the Stark Mansion’s door just twice.
Steve frowns comically. “Literally no one here is from Hollywood,” Steve says.
He parks on the garage and as soon as he steps out of his car his ears catch the sweet, anger-possessed voice of one Peggy Carter. “Mister Jarvis, move out of the way, I just need to speak with him—” she says, full-on warning voice at her friend.
"I mean, it's not right. I didn't give you the armor so you could be some special man-gun for the government to use," Tony says, half-joking.
“Damn. For real?” Rhodey goes and Álvarez nods proudly. “Which major?”
“You look a different kind of tired than the last time I saw you,” Steve says simply, worried.
"You hear something, we need to hear it, too," Natasha tells him.
Sam closed the door behind him quietly and Tony wrapped his arms around himself, like bracing himself.
But his eyes look a darker shade of brown, a deepness to them Steve hadn’t spot before, and he’s already spent days drawing Tony’s fawn-brown eyes at this point.
Tony walks over to the table where he’s having the Scepter being scanned.
Rhodey has to drop his bag to catch Tony’s light ass body when he half-throws himself at him. “Woah, easy, there, spider monkey,” Rhodey breaths, regaining balance.
He stands up and runs to the kitchen sink to clean it, pouring water into it as he rubs with his thumb but it does nothing.
“And where will you be going, Master Anthony?”
“Yeah. Or something big for fifteen minutes,” Tony says. Time for the other project. He stands and goes to his desk, grabs the pieces of paper and puts them together in the right way. “This is our ticket outta here,”
Tony loses his grin and stares at him blankly. Then he sighs and rubs his fingertips against his temple. “Yeah, I’ve been—busier.”
“Friends,” Tony repeats. Friends is easy, Tony knows how to keep friends. How to love friends.
“Steve?” Tony calls, turning to him. “Hey,” he says as he puts his hand on Steve’s left forearm.
"I don't know, Rhodes. How are any of them possible? The Hulk, Thor, Captain America himself?" Yu counters, his arms open. "We're living in darker times."
“Okay, you can see my research, but that's I'm not gonna show you my town,” she tells him, shaking a finger.
“Erin,” the little girl replies.
“—that’s okay. I think we’re way off duty,” Rhodey huffs, smiling.
“Do it!” he yells.
The music rings in his ears too familiar and he looks around himself to recognize where he is too well.
"Are we gonna eat tonight? Like,
“Right. Why?” Tony asks.
“Aw, man, I wish I could be there with you,” Rhodey sighs and Tony nods on his end.
He takes a look at the tower himself. Standing tall and imposing behind a crowd of smaller buildings, with a big, bright, and honestly a little tacky ‘Stark’ sign almost on top.
“No. It's not like a person lifting the hammer,” Tony replies.
Steve's brow furrows deep as he looks at Tony like he's thinking something. Rhodey’s just looking at Steve, pretending casually.
"You're not gonna call him?" Natasha asks, but her tone sounds neutral.
Then he notices Rhodey’s presence and as Rhodey’s almost about to reach out to shake his hand, the man goes: “Can you please bring us two coffees?”
"What happens to you? What happens if you go too hot?" Maya cuts in, a provoking grin on her face.
"Since when are you hitman?" Tony states and Rhodey almost smiles.
He's too tired to keep looking to talk about things Steve clearly doesn't want to.
They stand in silence for longer than Tony can take, just staring at each other, expressionless and yet they're saying a million things.
he can do a damn thing about.
?” Tony asks, not stopping to take a breath.
Steve looks down and swallows. "Do you think they're right, though? Do you think— you know,
Steve blinks in realization. “The Avengers?”
“No, it—it's alright. I wouldn't have come aboard if I couldn't handle pointy things,” Banner says, slightly amused.
It’s the first time since Steve’s waken up that he doesn’t feel anxious. Because what comes next, he’s familiar with.
“Well, didn’t you answer the call?” Rhodey cuts in.
He goes into the stranger’s house kitchen and takes a perfectly good, cold beer just sitting there in the fridge. It boosts him enough to put on his sunglasses and ride back to the mansion.
Steve opens his good eye again once he realizes where Tony's going with that and turns to him. “Tony—"
Tony watches Maya's face, filled with tears and regret, and he looks down. "You are a maniac," he tells Killian.
“But you're not the only people out there, are you?” Fury replies, turning towards Thor. “And, you're not the only threat. The world's filling up with people who can't be matched, that can't be controlled,” he adds, to all of them.
“I told you last night, you’re welcome to come with us,” Howards says but Tony wrinkles his nose at him.
“Yes, we were going to build an arsenal with the Tesseract,” Fury starts saying, walking around him and Rogers sitting at the big table, back on the conversation they were all having –the discussion that distracted them from seeing they were being fucking invaded—before it all caught on fire. “I never put all my chips on that number though because I was planning on something even riskier. There was an idea –Stark knows this– called the Avengers Initiative. The idea was to bring together a group of remarkable people to see if they could become something more,” Fury explains and Tony feels the Captain’s eyes on the back of his skull. “To see if they could work together when we needed them to, to fight the battles that we never could. Phil Coulson died still believing in that idea, in heroes,” Fury says.
And when they part, Tony looks up at him and Steve looks like Tony just hung up the moon.
Tony's wandering around in his facility, just trying to gather enough strength to face Steve and explain why he's the worst, ever, when he spots someone by the arc reactor.
The ever going nightmare that is remembering.
Allen blinks at him with his mouth slightly open. Rhodey figures it's the expected kind of response.
“That's why I said I— got it,” Tony says, sighing. He looks down and puts a hand on his forehead, starting to sweat.
"I kinda put that together," Sam says, still a little out of breath. "Must have freaked you out, coming home after the whole defrosting thing," he comments.
“Yes but I freaked out, hung up. I didn’t want to have anything to do with it, didn’t you hear me? I did all of it to please Howard's ghost, I don’t give a crap about Captain America!”
On top of that, S.H.I.E.L.D. had already brought
"I think you're right, about him not being the same guy. I'm thinking— cloning, right?" Allen theorizes, leaning back on the desk. "Maybe one of those robots, LMD things? They got a hold of Barnes' face and made a few of him. It's crazy and also exactly the kind of thing I would expect these days," he finishes laying back on his chair.
"Really?" Clint says, after briefly looking at Tony and accepting the challenge.
“He turns,” another agent replies. She’s
Tony's making his way flying above the building when Clint takes the turn to speak: "Yeah. I think we lost the element of surprise."
"I have more than enough words to describe you, Stark—"
Suddenly, a high pitch comes from the speakers and everyone shifts at the uncomfortable sound.
“Just wasn't expecting a code green,” Bruce mutters tiredly.
Outside, a sign says ‘Shawarma Palace’.
It mustn’t be good because it makes Tony bolt up and away from the table like there’s something on fire somewhere.
“In case you needed to kill me but you can't. I know, I tried!” Bruce confesses and the room falls silent. “I got low, I didn't see an end, so I put a bullet in my mouth and the other guy spit it out,” he shares, visibly shaken. “So I moved on, I focused on helping other people. I was good until you dragged me back into this freak show and put everyone here at risk,” he speaks, his left hand moving slowly towards the work table and grabbing Loki’s scepter. “You wanna know my secret, Agent Romanoff? You wanna know how I stay calm?” he asks, his voice turning lower, his eyes growing wider.
Tony frowns, not following.
I'm: upset.
Rhodey's mind is so far away from Syria and Yemen and Kuwait, it's literally the only silver-lining to this thing. "No, no," he shakes his head and Tony relaxes a bit. "It was mostly just surveillance work, no real action, thank God," he adds, looking at his fingers.
Steve presses his lips in a thin smile. “Mmm, yep. You’ve got me,” Steve jokes. “Turns out a super soldier with no college degree or expertise can’t do much in this new, advanced century and everything’s so much more expensive now so I really needed the money,” he adds and Tony’s laugh is now surely Steve’s favorite sound.
He wouldn’t risk his career for this but he wasn’t going to lose his basic human decency either.
Tony takes a gulp of bourbon like it's his morning coffee and Rhodey closes the Docs file, his friend has to go back home for the holidays and nothing sets Tony on edge like having to return to his household, so Rhodey figures his thesis can wait.
He eyes them all, making sure to capture them all in his memory before he says, stoic: “I refuse.”
“What— the hell?” he whispers.
Steve shakes his head at that. Tony should be mad, he should be seething. Not pleading for him not to do some reckless shit again.
“Like a computer,” JARVIS says. “I believe I'm deciphering code,” he adds, intrigued.
"That's confidential. You can't— tweet about it," Rhodey says, before he locks the phone and turns back to the previous conversation.
"Are you sure of that, Rhodes?" Ross says from behind him, his head tilting a little. "Because you're sounding pretty naive to me right now," he adds and Rhodey turns to him. "We just handed you evidence of everything wrong Barnes has ever done but you refuse to take it even as face value."
Steve nods and gives her another long hug, then he gets to the soonest plane back to New York.
“This is what I'm talking about, the glitch,” she starts saying, turning to look at the closed door.
“Would you like a drink? Virgin Sex on the Beach?” Tony offers, making his way towards the bar to the right of the living room.
“Can you go, stay with Jarvis?” Tony asks him.
Another freak of nature that destiny had decided to spare the burden of having a —perfect— piece to complete the puzzle. Jim was gonna have to leave this world incomplete, with a hole.
He looks at the piece of paper once more and then pouts. “Is it too much trouble to ask you to take me there? I—I don’t know if the bus still exists,” he says.
“Oh, okay. I'll see you up there.”
And that’s not fair.
Pepper understands —to a certain level, she always has— but it’s not a secret that him being a superhero is one of the reasons she overstresses more than the average CEO.
CHAPTER WARNINGS: There's a brief mention of the vision Wanda makes Tony have at the beginning of AoU.
"What's his plan?"
“возвращениенародину.” He curls up in a ball in a dark corner in his brain and finds no shelter. He never does but he always tries.
They knock him over, they beat him up. They’re all too much and he’s too weak.
“Tony…”
In retrospect, all I feel like saying is: let the fun begin.
Rhodey sighs, exhausted. “This is some serious bull, Tones,” he mutters and Tony feels sad for him. Rhodey got so close yet so far.
She fools him once more but that's all, hiding behind the car, he finds her, and like years before, he shoots her through it, enough to stop her on her tracks and walk over to her to finish the job.
“Tony?” Steve calls, as he takes a few steps into the room.
He gives Tony a little punch in the gut and clicks his tongue. “You know what I mean,” Rhodey defends. He won’t talk about his sexual attraction questions with Tony right now.
They walk to the Quinjet in silence; defeated. Tony steps outside, in his under-armor wear, once they're close enough. He looks at Steve first, a million questions in his eyes, but Steve just shakes his head and looks down.
Then he remembers what he used to do when he was starting to get anxious or nervous or just overwhelmed: drawing.
"Is that your boyfriend or something?" Maria asks, trying to be funny.
Tony looks at her and presses his lips, letting the emotions of seeing Pepper alive and well wash over him. "You scared the devil out of me. I thought—"
“Well, to be honest with you, we don’t really know. Our doc says it was suspended animation; it could be Doctor Erskine’s formula, I don’t know,” he says.
"Listen, all I'm saying is that we're not even sure if the guy's still alive," Rhodey adds. "Last time they saw him he was fighting Cap on board of a burning Helicarrier. He could be turning purple at the bottom of the Potomac as we speak."
“Yeah,” Rhodey breathes. “And it’s not only that, man…” he trails.
Steve falls reluctantly but he bats his eyes at Tony nonetheless.
“Artificial intelligence,” Bruce concludes and Tony tries to keep himself from smiling.
“Where are you with that?” the Doctor asks.
He dries his hands and throws the towel. And hopes to God Tony will understand why he needed to act fast on this.
“Don’t worry. I’ll run some facial scanning and pattern recognition to try and find our big green and also keep a little bug around there for other people who might be trying to look for him,” Tony tells Thor, who frowns a little. “Yeah, I’ll just have them believe Bruce is moving from place to place, you know, divert them,” he adds.
Also, two months since he took Fury's card and properly joined S.H.I.E.L.D.
Pepper.
"It's okay. I know what you mean. We're better off now, but we still got a long way ahead, I guess," Steve says.
The dinner bell rings in the whole mansion and Tony rubs his temple. Another demon for him to fight on his own.
Rhodey swallows at that but he tries to hide it. He doesn't really know how to bring it out. "Why does there have to be something that I need? I could've just decided to drop by," he says.
"Okay, it doesn't have to be a big deal—"
Tony looks at Bruce with a flat smile. "The strongest metal on Earth," he says and Steve turns to look at his shield, lying on the floor.
He uses his advanced targeting to shoot them all down.
Tony turns to look at Steve and he finds the Captain with his mouth slightly open, looking back to him. "If this guy got out of Wakanda with some of their trade goods..." Tony trails off.
“You must be Mister Jarvis,” Rhodey greets back, with a little nod. They don’t smile but it’s polite enough.
After months of more violence and blood than Rhodey would’ve ever wanted to see, President Clinton decided to withdraw U.S. forces from Somalia, deeming it more necessary to put attention in Yugoslavia and in Iraq in support of Kurdish and Shiite minorities.
"You'd do good to lay low for a while, before you make someone run out of patience," Fury had muttered to him and Natasha as they stare at all of the people they just kept out of danger.
No warnings for this one, as usual.
He opens his eyes and stares at it again. The 'J' is larger than the rest. He presses his fingers on top of it, hard, and feels the pulse of his beating heart, pumping.
But he complies, is built to do so, and gets Karpov out, locking the other soldiers in their cells along with the rest of the guards. Like feeding piranhas.
“I knew him,” he declares because he knows things that they ignore. He feels them, senses them.
CHAPTER WARNING: There's a brief scene of an hallucination, created by Wanda. But I only describe one (spoiler: it's Steve's).
Steve makes it back after his long walk, spotting Tony carrying some logs of wood to a spot by the front yard. Tony stops midtrack once he catches Steve looking at him with a raised chin.
Tony gives him a sympathetic smile. "'Cause I know you think highly of him. I don't wanna ruin the image you got of Howard," Tony says.
Tony did always hate magic. “Well, magic is science we don’t understand,” Rhodey quotes.
"Nothing," Thor breathes out, then sips on his drink.
"Ballistics?" Natasha asks her.
"Yes, the government. I’m an active duty Air Force pilot, Tony,” Rhodey says.
“Uhm, miss,” he calls a blonde waitress that was just passing by. “You think you could give a napkin and borrow me a pencil?” he asks, his head just tilting a little.
“Yeah, cheese clown. I'm going to ditch these clowns; I'll see you up on the roof in five minutes,” Tony says, coming out. “I'm just going to try to get my beef wet real quick. You know what I'm talkin' about?”
And he's dying. Has been dying all this time.
The sight makes his heart get caught up his throat: in the vast enormity of space, an alien ship lingers just above his head.
They talk for a few more minutes before Tony’s little avoidance tactic wears off and he has to go deal with his current problems.
Rhodey gives him a little push on the shoulder and then smiles. “So, what have you been up to?”
“Steve?” Tony calls for him, his lips look absolutely swollen and Steve’s brain short-circuits again.
The Captain moves his shoulders, taking a deep breath, as he raises his eyebrows at him. “And you're all about style, aren't you?” he asks, like he’s mocking him.
“Don’t call it our baby, she’s mine. I got full custody,” Rhodey replies, shaking his head.
“You're in a recovery room in New York city,” she answers.
“You mean you’re not gonna hand him over?” Tony asks, frowning.
“I thought it was all handled,” Rhodey interrupts, adjusting to take a go at the next threat.
“Very good, sir,” the AI says.
“Jesus, you’re impossible," Tony mutters, but he lets a smile show later. He raises the glass of water for Rhodey but he shakes his head. "So what is it?”
“Trust me, sir, I’m not ready to build up a monument for him, but other people are,” Rhodey replies back.
“I’m not. Barnes moves fast—“
No fucking anesthetics.
Tony’s mouth draws up in one corner. “Always,” he replies, lifting his mug high for Steve to take. Steve goes into the kitchen for a second and returns with full mugs, steam rising out of them.
"Natasha," Steve says, slowly approaching her.
Great. Keep screwing up, Stark.
“Alright, whatever, man. Hope you make it,” Mickey adds, before raising his remaining beer for Jimmy to click with his.
Rhodey walks past Allen sitting on the chair as he turns on it and asks: "Ok, and once you locate him?"
Mission accomplished.
"Of course they are. And you know that. Which is why you feel like shit right now. And you’re right to feel so," Tony says, pointing a finger at him.
“I trust Pepper is the other fifty?” Rhodey asks and Tony nods slowly. “Then you’ll be fine,” he adds, patting him on the shoulder.
"I just think we were having a good time. Plus, I still want more ideas from you for this place," Tony explains, diverting.
“If you want to tell me, I do,” says Steve, trying to look encouraging.
Steve puts a hand on Tony's lower back and pulls him closer to his stomach, feeling Tony's bulge press against his abs and he smiles proudly in the kiss before he flips them around, letting Tony sink in the mattress with the weight of their bodies.
Thor looks from where he’s standing with a proud smile. He’s always liked the big guy. “The gates of Hel are filled with the screams of his victims,” he says, raising his fist.
"You're changing the subject," Tony points out, squinting an eye. But then his look turns softer and he smiles sympathetically. "Was it— terrible again this time?" Tony asks.
"You okay there, punk?" he hears and his heart falls.
“Stop it. What do I do?” he asks, almost pleading.
“It’s fine. I get it—"
He's not trying to be cocky or sexy; he's just being honest.
"Thaddeus, you know Colonel James Rhodes, right?" Yu introduces him, pointing at Rhodey with an open palm.
Now, Tony's definitely gone through Clint's files and there was absolutely no family at all.
This time that sadness is different.
He takes a few steps towards Bruce and looks into his eyes. “This could be it, Bruce,” Tony says. “This could be the key to creating Ultron,” he adds, to remind the doctor of the long since lost project they had been brainstorming around since a few years ago.
Steve nods and lifts a hand up to his face to rub his eye. “Oh, yeah. Especially these past few days,” Steve says and Tony smiles.
He’s also sporting a clean-shaved goatee now. As soon as Tony spots Rhodey, he finishes running down the stairs, two steps at a time.
He makes the mistake of closing his eyes for longer than a millisecond and immediately he sees it, the massive universe in all its threatening darkness.
Tony does a little shrug. “He reminded me of you. He has that—bright, reddish-yellow color,” he explains.
“Me. I understand—"
awkward laugh.
Suddenly, he blinks awake from his trance. He's not bathed in darkness anymore but his forehead's still wet with sweat.
"Two more would grow back," Allen complies.
“Did you let him know I’m here?” Rhodey asks as he finishes entering the Tower’s common room.
Steve melts into the touch, feeling just a little overwhelmed.
“He says, ‘Welcome, Tony Stark, the most famous mass murderer in the history of America,” the man repeats, in English.
“They sent just one man after me? I find that hard to believe,” he says, tilting his head.
"Oh, what, you're mad at me?" Tony asks, moving to take cover.
Rhodey begins walking towards them almost as if he's being pulled by a higher force; his eyes on the blue-jacket uniform to Steve's side. Rhodey can't remember for his life any of their names, but he knows this one was important.
“Hey, don’t let me ruin Dad's idea of a Christmas present for you,” he says, shaking his hand. His mother gives him a look before standing up and walking up to him.
“Mister Stark,” Rhodey turns to see the robot walking towards them. “The team wishes to know when dinner is starting,” he asks.
Black cars circle around him and he feels like he can’t breathe. “At ease, soldier!” someone yells from his back. He turns to find a man with an eye-patch, all dressed in black.
Tony blinks at him, his mouth is half-open. “I…lost track of time,” he replies.
Tony's about to be done with his last burger when Steve notices he's been staring at his work. Steve draws his eyes up and smiles as Tony almost flinches nervously, cleaning his mouth with a napkin.
“Are you boys really that naïve?” Natasha gives. “SHIELD monitors potential threats,” she explains.
“A lot,” Steve says, widening his good eye. “Pretty much everyone at the Triskelion,” he adds.
Pepper hears the message right after the authorities speak to her about trying to clear the wreckage to see if they can officially pronounce Tony dead. She's too busy feeling relieved to actually be angry at Tony for pulling yet another one his stunts.
He blinks a few more times, trying to get the images out of his head, and then looks around again. “What time is it, J?” Tony asks his AI.
?" Clint asks, mocking Steve. Everyone's just smiling.
Tony reflects on the fact that maybe they are once Fury announces the agent is down, with Rogers a few feet above him.
Rhodey frowns at him and shakes his head. "Stop messin' around," he tells Allen before leaving.
Maya's whole body leans forward, her expression turning desperate. "Yes."
"No, you're not. See?" Tony says, grabbing her forearm. "Not hot," he adds.
Steve shrugs again. “I mean it can be all of it,” he simply says.
Because he doesn't.
Of all the guys on Earth, it had to be
"You know I could just break your neck right here, not even your little friend at my eight o'clock and his rifle would be quick enough to stop me," he says at the man's cheek, looking ahead to the rest of the room.
He knows it makes no sense how, but he can feel it in his bones. He can even taste champagne on his tongue.
It’s messy, it’s tongues and breaths and teeth and Tony’s pulling the hairs of the back of his head when Steve presses his tongue against the roof of his mouth. It’s like nothing Steve’s ever experienced before.
"Wow, what would I give to have someone look like that when they think of me," Steve hears and he blinks back to the present.
Tony takes a sip after blowing on the coffee to cool it off a bit. “Mmm. My mom smelled like cigarettes and Chanel N° 5.”
“Tony, you copy?” he calls. “I’m en route and closing fast,” he repeats, but the line seems disconnected and Rhodey’s heart closes tightly in his ribcage. “Tony?” Rhodey calls again and he catches the Stark Tower, broken a little to a mess with just an ‘A’. “Don’t do this to me, man,” he mutters and follows the tracker on Tony’s Iron Man suit, to a street a few blocks from the tower.
Rhodey crosses his arms. “Well, I mean, you gotta give him time, Tones. All that shit is some pretty heavy stuff. You, just, don’t talk about it that easily,” Rhodey says, trying to reassure him.
Tony looks at it, too, and gets flashes of the Chitauri ships and the universe and Steve’s dying breath in his arms.
Lastly, I hope the end of this chapter makes up enough for how long I keep disappearing.
he sees him. The blond man of the bridge. Smiling up at him like he's not there to kill him. But he's different, too. He's shorter, he's skinny, the hair isn't the same.
“Jarvis, take the wheel,” Tony says.
“I was the only Latino in my detachment,” he says, giving a vague shrug.
Tony lets out a sigh. "Yeah. Good luck to you with potato gun over there," Tony says, patting Rhodey's shoulder. "He's a good kid but he's an absolute menace," Tony jokes.
smart—”
“I'm from a small town called Gulmira. It's a nice place,” Yinsen says, shaking dices inside his hand while they play.
“Yes, you know, busy—”
“You don’t have to say anything. I just wanted you to know where I stand,” Steve offers, and it doesn’t make Tony feel better.
Tony blinks slowly and misses how Steve's neck is turning red. "It's fine, I can eat after you go," he says instead, but Steve opens his eyes in something akin to horror.
Rhodey turns to glare at him a little. "If he wanted us dead, we would be already," he says.
He gets to spend some time in Philly before he has to report for the Initial Flight Training, a couple of months after his commissioning after graduation.
Tony looks up at the ceiling, defenseless. “Oh, God, you talked to Rhodey?” Pepper cracks a laugh and Tony just shakes his head. “Damn, does that man ever keep a secret to himself?” Tony mutters.
"Fatalities?" Steve asks.
"I need to take him," Maria tells him several minutes later. Steve had stood behind Natasha, watching her say goodbye to a man that was a mentor to her.
"I mean someone more powerful than me," Nick warned before he moved away from standing between them.
Tony shakes his head, sighing. “You think it’s this hard for other people? I mean, I wouldn’t know. My points of reference are no good.”
"Are you okay?" he asks, softly, standing by him.
"Yeah, but how close did we come? I nearly died," Tony refutes and Steve zips his mouth close. Tony knows his eyes are watering up but he's not gonna lose this that easily. "What if you're next? Huh?"
“Oh, God, you’re alive,” Tony whispers, once he’s back on the floor.
“So, what exactly is virginal about this?” Steve asks, almost choking a little.
“Wait, wait, you haven’t seen the best part yet,” Tony says, stepping out of the elevator and into the place.
Like he knows him even if they'd never met.
Damn wrist, making his mind-to-mouth filter disappear.
Steve turns to him and nods. "Yeah, give me a second," he says.
He finds everyone fast asleep when he steps out of the room into the living room. Some guys asleep on the floor, some girls asleep on the couch, everyone in their underwear or less.
Pepper stops in her tracks and her face turns white. Tony almost wants to laugh at that but then he remembers how he acted around his soulmate and saves his comments.
"We see things differently," Tony tries again, this time opening his arms, helpless. "And maybe that has its advantages but right now, it is what it is," he adds and lets his arms fall to his side. "You trust people, right? You trust the Avengers to do the job. Well, I don't," Tony finishes, shrugging.
“Oh,” Pepper says, serving them glasses of champagne.
He arrives at 1000 on his Day 0 of training. Lieutenant O’Conner gives him the prior welcome, gathering his file and all his information and provides him with the keys to his room.
Tony shakes his head and puts his other hand on Rhodey, too. “No, no, not aliens – the, star spangled
They will do whatever they want anyways.
"Uh-oh," Rhodey lets out, being funny.
“I—uhm,” he begins, then swallows. How does he explain he’s spent almost all his conscious life hating and generally being jealous of Captain America, who is now, by some twisted, mean God his soulmate? “We had never met, this is—this is the first time we see each other,” he says, like that explains anything.
Especially when you take into consideration that he nearly had the only family he has left killed.
Steve looks back at him and suddenly he remembers why he's been so serious lately.
“I'm sorry I keep giving you headaches,” Tony says, rubbing her arms, with a soft smile.
“Happy was there, Tony,” Pepper explains, anguished.
He sits on the bench and looks up at Pierce, conveying nothing in his eyes while Pierce looks at him with a near-absolute wonder.
Rhodey wants to teleport himself to New York to be with Tony just a couple of minutes; he can’t even begin to think how his friend must be feeling like. The butler was the father Tony had always wanted Howard to be, and he was also the last living member of Tony’s family.
Steve looks at him for longer than Tony can take and he's not sure if he's winding up to kiss him or punch him in the face.
“I don’t have a soul mate, Tony,” he says, it doesn’t sting anymore. It's just a fact.
They’re chilling later in the living room, Rhodey’s been staring at the new kid teaching the robot some Scrabble, sitting on the floor by the living room table,
"Talk to Aunt Peggy. She's been expecting you reach her," Tony adds and Steve draws his chin up again, frowning just a little.
"Smell the silent judgment?" Tony asks, being a little shit.
birthday – where he got drunk to swallow his sorrows about how he wasn’t worth loving and how he was a fool for letting himself think otherwise (“Not even my own dad loves me, man, why would anyone else?”) – but the questions and ghosts of inner battles linger around them whenever they're sad or quiet or thoughtful. “Your soul mates?” Tony adds as if Rhodey didn’t go to the same Aerospace Engineering class he does and was just two points below him on IQ.
“Mhm, except that’s only for couples,” Rhodey tells him and Tony shrugs.
Tony takes a quick gulp of water and sits upright. "Alright— uhm, I didn't mean to sound like I just did, it's just— I thought, you know— you're from the forties, I mean. I've had discussions about this with people from
,” Rhodey cuts in. “No, I didn’t get anybody famous,” he deadpans.
Álvarez turns to give him a look then and Rhodey decidedly ignores him. He gives up after a minute and goes back to his book; Rhodey then turns just a little and looks at him. Sitting on his bed, long legs and strong arms, Álvarez is quite handsome, with a strong jaw and a light peach-brown skin.
Pepper moves one shoulder up. “Or rejoice in it,” Pepper repeats.
Pepper blinks slowly. “Oh, really? Well, I didn't notice that, at all,” she replies, sarcastically.
Tony's mouth opens and he rolls his tongue on the inside of his cheek. "So, this friendly pep-talk was just a ploy to get me to do labor work, huh?" Tony asks as Clint gets up and walks to the kitchen.
“Your mother is out, finishing her Christmas shopping before the trip—”
“They are your loyal customers, sir. They call themselves The Ten Rings,” he says.
“Tony,” Pepper says, her voice sounds off. “Turn on the TV. There’s been an accident,” she says and Tony moves to do so as told.
All he knows is that he can't risk going in back to SHIELD with the drive; so he hides it in the last place they'd go looking: a vending machine.
It makes Bucky feel uneasy of the sudden, his stomach twisting in a way he's never felt before.
(See the end of the chapter for
Maya just lets out a chuckle. "That figures. What I actually am is a biological DNA coder running a team of forty out of a privately-funded think tank, but sure, you can call me a botanist," she says, with wry humor.
Tony shakes his head making a face.
"You— you have to tell Pepper that," she mutters, falling to his arms, unconscious.
"I'm going to the bathroom," Rhodey simply says.
Rhodey had to fight the urge to burst out laughing.
Tony is being a little shit and having way too much fun with this. In the back, some fashion show is making fun of Rhodey’s new brand.
He’s looking down but he can feel Tony swallowing. He’s gonna look into his eyes when Tony jumps up.
“Well, of course. But, Miss Hansen, my organization has been tracking your research since year two of MIT,” he says, walking towards them.
Barnes doesn’t want people to know and Rhodey
Tony grabs the earpiece and puts it on. "It's still debatable," he says. "Probably tipping your way a little bit. Hey, this is a good look, by the way," Tony says, moving his finger up and down at her. "I'm diggin' it, you should try it more often. Sports bra, the whole deal," he jokes as he stands up.
Steve narrows his eyes. “I don’t think that’d be her angle. It’d be more along the lines of you shooting yourself to certain death.”
"That's a terrible joke to make," Rhodey comments, grimacing. Even though she dragged the living hell out of him with the Iron Patriot fiasco, that woman's been dead for just a few months.
Rhodey feels like he can finally breathe as he spots him –shouting and waving a hand frenetically—, it’s like suddenly air is back in his lungs. He falls to the ground, on his knees, with his hand up high, doing a peace sign as Rhodey lands just a few meters away from him.
"You come up with some pretty impressive inventions, Tony," Fury says, getting up slowly. "War isn't one of them."
The Howling Commandos, Steve's former teammates. His comrades. Rhodey had heard about them at some point during ROTC summer camps. They weren't short of legends.
“Well, his name’s not on my shoulder for nothing, you know?”
“Captain?” Coulson calls him, standing next to Steve, shoulder to shoulder. “I wanted to ask a favor, since you don’t seem busy right now,” he says and Steve turns his head, quirking one eyebrow. “I have these special cards, uhm—”
“It’ll heal in a second,” Steve says, calm.
He’s been drawing for a few fifteen minutes when she passes by him again, and stops next to him to look at his sheet.
“You go to your room, go to sleep. I come down here. I do what I know, I tinker,” he says, after a moment.
Steve gives him a sympathetic look but he gets up from the bed, then pulls Tony out with him.
“Yes, Colonel. The Senator is asking something different from you,” he says.
Tony's mouth is closing around his cock, filling up and emptying out as Tony moves his head, and Steve's grinding his teeth so hard he's sure the rest of the team can hear it.
“No, he won't,” he says, shaking the man’s hand with a fake smile.
“It’s the best I can work out before I have to report back in California,” he says.
“You know, I had him made for this moment, specifically, because I knew you’d be upset,” he says.
So far, Rhodey hadn't found anything that placed him as the culprit of JFK's assassination but it was only because he had so little access to information.
Tony peeks out the living room and finds it empty. “So, where’s everybody?”
"She's all yours— apparently," Tony says. "What are you gonna do?" he asks.
The man looks down at his grip and takes the metal hand off his arm, calmly. Then he takes his earpiece out in front of Bucky and tosses it to the side.
On his end, Rhodey sits on a bench and waits for his ride to arrive, ready to keep on adding achievements to his belt.
For the first time in months, he smiles.
Everything turns dark around him as he stares into the wide-open, black space. Just like he remembered it was.
Rhodey catches the news on his trip to the base on Laughlin, after he got selected for SUPT for giving “a remarkable academic, military and athletic performance”. He smiled at that one widely, and his father nearly cried with pride after he showed him the letter with his orders.
That's what the mark means. Love. Undying love. Unyielding love.
“No wonder you came out like that, then,” Steve mutters, smiling.
Tony lets out a laugh and Rhodey just rolls his eyes. “You’re missing the fun and the meals, Potts,” Tony yells from the couch.
Tony’s smile grows wider in his attempt to hide his own nervousness. A week had passed since he last seen Cap, when Tony had told him he was gonna call Steve, and he still hadn’t mustered the strength to speak to him.
“I gotta go back to the States,” Steve declares.
It's not by any measure the worst catastrophe the Avengers have been at the center of. Hell, any day less than thirty casualties would be a good day.
Suddenly, Tony falls quiet but his smile stays as he looks down at his hands, clasped together as they stand just by the bar table.
“If it’s about my mark, no, I don’t know what happened,” he says and the guy raises his eyebrows at him.
Tony walks to him all slim limbs and flaunting.
“Oh? My favorite kind. A winning combo,” Tony jokes, grabbing on Maya’s hand and starting to walk away from the crowd, Happy ahead of them.
Now I am.
Just two days before Christmas Eve, Tony appeared with plane tickets to Philly. “Go on, I don’t want Roberta to get mad at me for hoarding her son,” he jokes, handing Rhodey the tickets.
“Duguay’s,” Rhodey mutters, his eyebrows rising.
Steve whispers a “Thank you” before Thor shakes his head a bit and stops in their tracks, standing between them.
He throws the thing back with enough force to ground the blond man off balance and when the man looks down to it, he disappears through the night.
“It’s okay—” and “There’s no need—” clash together.
Not while the Mandarin’s still out in the streets, at least.
He feels cornered.
Tony changes the face of Stark Industries in the blink of an eye; stepping out of Howard’s ever-present shadow and successfully making a legacy of his own. By the time 9/11 happens, Tony’s building weapons for nearly all the branches of the U.S. military. And if Rhodey’s division gets a tiny preference, nobody complains out loud.
Steve twists the key on the doorknob and Tony looks around himself, quietly entering the unassuming calmness of Steve’s apartment.
"1200 CCs. A dose half of this size, I'm dead," Maya explains.
Gabriel puts his hands on his hips and leans just a little closer. “You know, any one of these guys would walk through fire to have your career. Are you telling me you’re willing to sacrifice that to go fly around with a bunch of snake-eaters in the off chance you’re gonna find your friend in the middle of the desert?” he asks, his voice tough.
Rhodey stares at the files on his hands. “Wow. Did he kill Jesus, too?” he mutters, his tone serene.
“I ain’t gotta let you do anything, Tony. I still get a lot of shit for what happened before, your kidnapping included,” Rhodes says, sternly.
He needs to fix himself first.
Ultron turns, all in a creepy manner. "Peace in our time."
“Hey,” Tony breathes into his shoulder and then lets go.
as he picks up his shield and stands next to him, turning his full attention towards Loki, sitting on the stairs on the floor. His hands up defensively as he whooshes his armor away, surrendering.
"Uh, Star Trek," Steve replies.
“Drop your name for a fancy promotion? Done,” Tony says.
It doesn't matter if everything he read is right, there's something incredibly off about a former US soldier, Great Depression-survivor, three-time boxing champion becoming the Soviet's very own wet-dream come true.
“We got a hit. Sixty seven percent match,” another agent interrupts Coulson’s story. “Wait, cross match, seventy nine percent,” he adds, after taking another look at his computer.
Tony looks at him with his mouth half open and then gives up. “You give me way too much credit, Steve,” he sighs, his shoulders falling.
“They look Chinese, they sound Chinese, but they're actually an American invention. Which is why they're hollow, full of lies, and leave a bad taste in the mouth,” the Mandarin preaches, just before he squashes some fortune cookies. “My disciples just destroyed another cheap American knock-off: the Chinese Theater,” he says and they show images of the place burning. “Mr. President, I know this must be getting frustrating, but this season of terror is drawing to a close. And don't worry, the big one is coming; your graduation,” he finishes, just as they show him shooting a picture of President Ellis.
“Because I learned how—”
“Wait, Tony, what?” Steve asks, taking a step towards him.
“Yep. And trustworthy,” Tony adds and Steve hums in agreement, his eyes closing a little. “You know, things I’m not so much, I guess,” he adds, dropping a note.
Rhodey sighs and raises his eyebrows at him after she’s gone. “That was really out of fucking nowhere,” he says.
Steve just sighs, looking back to Clint doing something with his nephew. "Sometimes my teammates don't tell me things," he says, grabbing another piece of wood to chop. "I was kind of hoping Thor would be the exception."
"I'm not the director of anybody," Fury says, then sits on a hay bale. "I'm just an old man who cares very much about you," he says, looking up at him.
Tony on his seat is looking like he's struggling to speak for a second, looking between down and back to Steve's deep blue eyes. Steve raises his eyebrows, waiting for an answer, when Tony seems to understand: "Oh, you mean the drawing—" he says.
“You too,” Steve replies.
“Happy…” Pepper sighs.
Tony hands him the glass with the drink and raises his so they can clink them together. “Wait, what are we toasting to?” Tony asks.
This is him.
Next to the laptop he finds the package Nick talked about. He takes one more look to his wrist and hopes to find answers in the yellow folder as he rips it open, but all he finds is sadder news.
On the screen, they’re showing the latest news on an attack in Oman, where fifteen people got killed and other twenty-two got injured in a Transamerica soil factory.
“You located the Tesseract?” Thor asks him.
Tony looks down at that and Rhodey just stares at Barnes laughing in the video, feeling a weird ache on his chest.
"Like hell he is," Tony hears Rhodey say behind them. Tony quirks one eyebrow, turning to him. "Hey, when you save the president you get to have a few wishes granted. Plus, it helped that the whole AIM thing was a fiasco," Rhodey adds.
“And the world can wait on your avenging?” she asks, looking at their hands.
“I just thought you know— marks don’t care so I don’t either,” Álvarez expands on the topic.
," Tony says, taking steps away and out of Steve's apartment.
The next thing he sees is the gold and red figure of Iron Man flying, the nuke at his back, right towards the portal and, for all Steve knows, certain death.
“And you’re not dead, see? You can live without your soulmate,” he says, shrugging.
He stops and breathes and then he notices it, faintly in the back of his mind like a far, distant place. He’s in a New York street.
Tony smiles at him and then sips on his drink quietly, somber.
“Wow, I didn’t see you put up this much fight when they asked you to go after my ass,” Tony comments being funny but Rhodey glares at him.
Steve is chewing his pepperoni pizza as Obi-Wan is yelling at Anakin that he loved him. "Uff," he puffs a breath, overwhelmed, with his mouth full.
“Yep,” Tony replies and watches him leave.
“You're gonna love it, Doc. We got all the toys,” she says, passing by the Doctor and they disappear through the same door they all got in.
It's only been a week since they saw Thor take off from Earth with his egomaniac brother when Steve has someone call him to the house phone. For someone who had been dying from expectancy and anxiety for the past five days only to consider contacting him himself, Steve was quite surprised Tony finally reached him.
"Well, you know," Steve tries, burying his eyes into the floor. "I'm me and then— you're you and—"
“I’m going back there, sir,” Rhodey says, unflinching. It’s his fifth trip back to Afghanistan since Tony was captured — his fifth try in the mission of finding his best friend that has otherwise been unsuccessful—, but the mark on his shoulder grows fainter each day and Rhodey can’t sit and wait ‘til it’s too late.
He thinks of everything he’s done.
Tony smiles back with a weak ass fake frown. "What?"
“They're vintage, he's very proud,” the Agent drops before they spot the doctor in gamma radiation Steve had just been reading about.
"Isn't the whole point of being a master spy to be transparent in your questioning? 'Cause, let me tell you, you're kinda obvious," Steve says.
“What?” Pepper wonders but they’re world’s away, Tony’s focused on the fact that an alien God seemingly got his hands on a special alien object with unclear power capacity.
“—I think it’s about the mechanics. Iridium, what do they need the Iridium for?” Tony hears in the common room.
“Now we have a good guess about your little wrist situation,” Tony says, stuffing his phone in his pocket.
Steve tilts his head to one side and studies Tony’s face. Tony, on his end, tries to smile politely like he just told a perfectly believable and realistic story.
“He does miss you when you’re not here,” Maria says, after his father’s disappeared to another room.
“Hold on. Come on, Pep,” Tony calls but Pepper takes a step higher on the stairs. “Hey, I admit it! My fault! Sorry,” he yells and Pepper stops on her tracks.
"Did I ask for your opinion?!" Rhodey yells at the man, turning back to him. Walker zips his mouth close and Rhodey lets out a breath. "Just do it," he says, calm this time.
“The man’s gonna try to get reelected. He thinks this might help him get half the public,” General Blendis says.
"There was this terrible noise. And I was tangled in— in...strings," the suit speaks, almost like it's haunted. "I had to kill the other guy. He was a good guy," he says.
regard for lawn maintenance,” Tony says before he starts walking.
“Hey,” Steve takes a few more steps towards him, eyeing the room around once more. The place is just lackluster. “I just got back from England,” he adds.
Rhodey quirks one eyebrow. "You're telling me you guys kiss each other regularly now and you practically came all the way here for him, but you ain't dating? Sounds fake," Rhodey says.
,” he says, in a tired cheerfulness. “Alright. Good job, guys. Let's just not come in tomorrow. Let's just take a day,” he says. “Have you ever tried shawarma?” he asks, and Steve’s so high from adrenaline he smiles at him again, can’t stop smiling. “There's a shawarma joint about two blocks from here. I don't know what it is, but I wanna try it,” he adds.
Tony just shrugs.
“What? His name?” Tony says, raising one eyebrow.
Tony nods just once. “Right. That.”
“Pepper’s engaged!” Tony explains, pointing at the phone.
Rhodey gives him a look. "What do you mean?"
"I came to see what you kids had planned," Fury says, putting a hand on Tony's shoulder. "And since it's probably something really dumb, I came to make a better plan."
He finds a hallway down a short staircase, dimly lit with bright, yellow bulbs.
The stranger laughs and goes: "I need a new set of lungs," he replies. "Dude, you just ran, like, 13 miles in 30 minutes," he adds.
"We might use you again just yet," Pierce adds and his blue eyes are like everything he's ever known: cold.
“Alright then, when shall he expect you?” she asks.
“Hey, I’m fine. Just because I don’t get to be with my family doesn’t mean you don’t have to,” he says and Rhodey tries his hardest not to cry right there. “Besides, I’ve got Jarvis and Peggy here now, I won’t be alone,” he adds, shaking the tickets in front of Rhodey’s face again. “Go, go, I’m throwing you out. Go,” he adds, dropping the tickets on Rhodey’s lap.
“They’re like children, aren’t they?” she mutters to him, following Barton into the jet. Banner –who turned back into his regular size just after Loki was out of sight—walked in quietly and Thor sat next to him smiling.
"We haven't even talked salary yet," Killian says, getting up from the stool and walking over to him. He puts a hand on Tony's throat and squeezes just tight enough for it too hurt. "What kind of perk package are you thinking of?" he whispers at Tony's mouth, his eyes glowing.
“Does Loki need any particular kind of power source?”
Thor keeps laughing. They've been discussing this for fifteen minutes now. "Please, be my guest," Thor says, pointing at the hammer, lying on the table.
"You killed someone?" Cap asks.
“Nice job,” it’s the only thing Rhodey says, smiling at him.
The Captain appears in a flash, dropping what looks like a gun on the center desk. “Phase 2 is SHIELD used the cube to make weapons,” he says, his voice stern. “Sorry, the computer was moving a little slow for me,” the Captain adds for Tony.
The following week Steve signs up on a gym one train stop away from his new apartment, after deciding staying in bed without sleeping, drowning in nightmares and over-thinking, will do him no good.
Rhodey follows him outside the line. “Sir?”
“Listen, this is politics — nothing neither you nor I should be too concerned about. All Senator Stern wants is for you, as head of the Weapons Development department and one of the best airmen we’ve got, to give your input on that armor of your little civilian friend’s. You’re the only expert on this we can use as a reliable source,” he explains.
Tony finds it all highly entertaining.
“They didn’t ask me to kill you. And besides, you
In the bright, empty room Tony made for him, Steve feels like he's floating in the air. He just asked his soulmate out for lunch.
much,” he answers, looking at Tony’s side. “We can split, if you want,” he adds.
But then Maya's smile disappears and her gaze goes unfocused. She paces around the room for a minute before she finally takes off her shoes and sits on the bed.
“Levels are holding steady...I think,” Pepper tells him, staring at the holograms.
Steve wants to chuckle but it hurts.
"We didn't," Tony defends. "We weren't even close— were we close to an interface?" he asks him.
They've been working for a week when they find it a proper fix.
"No," Tony says innocently, turning. "It's probably not, right? This is very terrible. Is it so...Is it so—" a laugh cuts him off and he gathers himself quickly, but he's still smiling. Steve can feel his stomach run cold. "It is. It's so terrible."
"What exactly is it about this guy that makes you think he's not worthy of our attention?" Allen tries, sounding like he wants to roll his eyes but won't because he's still a subordinate.
Yu stands with a face. He walks over to stand next to Rhodey sitting on the chair and rests on his desk. "To be honest, Barnes' mindset during his crimes is of no consequence to me," he says with a shrug.
Rhodey blinks at him. "Well, I think it should be," he says and Yu frowns at him. "I mean, you're trying to make a case against him—"
"We're getting access denied on every basic information streams," Tony hears Natasha tell someone through the computer.
"Person bodies," Tony cuts in. "The human form is inefficient. Biologically speaking, we're outmoded— but he keeps coming back to it," he says.
They look at each other still for what feels like an eternity and Tony takes his hands out of his pocket, just to rub them together.
“You have to narrow the field. How many spectrometers do you have access to?” the doctor asks Nick.
“Tony…” Rhodey whispers on his ear, warning.
"Holy shit. I cannot believe this," Rhodey cuts in with a laugh. Tony just shakes his head at him and continues to eat his Churros. "Ok, so, how come— or
Tony looks at the man's little mad work and can’t come up with simple answers. “What the hell did you do to me?” Tony pants.
"Known associates," Clint reads out loud in the back.
They look at Pepper silent before she lets out a big breath and shows her hand to the camera.
After some five years, his mark is back.
"Mmm, you also had to shower?" Steve asks, the smell came to him even though Tony was a little away.
“So there's elements you can?” Tony says instead, watching from the corner of his eye as Steve makes his way through the stairs.
“Right. Plus, it’s your name on the building. You ought to show up if she needs to be absent,” Steve says, making a face like he’s almost scolding Tony.
“Thanks for asking nicely. So, uh...how long am I staying?” Doctor Banner replies.
Tony turns to Steve, his chin resting on his hand, giving him what can only be described as heart eyes. "Steve, don't listen to them. Go on," he says.
Fury actually smiles at them. "I don't know. Something dramatic, I hope," he says before he exits.
“Here's your beverage,” Tony says, handing him the drink and then Natasha.
Rhodey sighs and shuts the trunk's door, hard. "Allen, drop it. Move on. I guarantee you, we're not gonna see that guy ever again," he says, but there's a weird tug in his chest at the knowledge.
Then Steve remembers what he gathered from Tony’s file and he feels sick: these are the same people that kidnapped and tortured Tony into becoming Iron Man years ago.
And he has stood his own, but this is the third time in the week they make fun of his old, favorite backpack and the fact that he can answer all the questions in his math test. It’s not his fault they’re all stupid, but Chad moved away last summer and Jimmy didn’t think getting new friends should be this hard — and now Yolanda is going through a phase and keeps ignoring him when he waves her in the hallway.
“That—sounds fucking grim. Hey, let’s not talk about it,” Tony mutters, gaining a bit of cheer by the last bit.
He could feel Tony's thighs start to get shaky so he decides it's time for him to return the care. He places his hands on each of Tony's hips and starts to meet him in every thrust, pulling really sinful noises out of him.
Tony swallows at that response and looks down, unsure of what to say.
Maya smiles. "Do you—want me there?" she asks, her tone flirtatious.
He has no idea who he is or where he is but he knows it's not who or where he's supposed to.
"Right," he blurts. Natasha rubs his head again and he smiles at her. It's so sweet of them Steve almost wants to look away to grant them privacy.
Rhodey narrows his eyes. “Is that your theory?”
“You can’t have sashimi without sake,” Tony comments and Rhodey rolls his eyes.
“добросердечный.” He just wishes it felt like anything other than absolute, piercing numbness.
Tony does a thing with his eyes like it's obvious. "So, you worried about all my experience, right?" Tony asks, but there's something playful in his tone. Steve sighs before he nods.
But then again, he has been feeling weird these past few days, since his mark came back.
Then they get on to interviewing the fifteen applicants on the job position to aid Mr. Stark in running a multibillion-dollar company, a list which consists, roughly, of ten really under-qualified women who get caught up in Tony’s flirting championship far too easy, and other five interesting ones.
“He is very smart,” Steve agrees, raising his eyebrows.
“Oh, no, this isn’t for me,” Tony cuts in.
He covers himself with his arms until the fuss dials down and he's left in a dull, brown light.
wanna be with her, I just can’t,” Bruce replies, raising his eyebrows at Tony.
He will do it. Once this mission is over.
“Not yet but I will,” Jim says.
They walk towards the elevator while the rest of the team finishes cleaning themselves up.
Steve finds him a few minutes later, resting under a tree, a hand on his stomach as he pants.
Maya has been staring out the passenger window, but she lets out a deep breath and gives Pepper a resigned smile. "I think that my boss is working for the Mandarin," she says. "So, if you still want to talk about it, I suggest that we get ourselves someplace safe," Maya adds, looking over her shoulder at the cars behind them on the highway.
He leans in closer and gives a kiss to Tony’s cheek before saying “I can show you how serious I am right now”, into his ear.
Oh. “God, no. I'm from MIT,” Rhodey shares.
Tony takes another sip of his coffee and waves a hand. “Yeah, yeah. We believe it’s his soulmate, trying to get rid of the mark,” Tony shares, almost casually.
“Stark Industries CEO, Tony Stark, has just purchased a new home in Malibu Point, after they opened the headquarters for the multinational company in Los Angeles, nine months ago,” the woman on the TV spoke, as they show footage of Tony’s new home, right there on a hill with a great view of the Malibu beach.
Peggy begged into the com and he can still hear her here, in the quietness of this room.
But this isn't where he's meant to be. So he fights, and like a broken wire, the cut him off.
Tony steps out of the limo metaphorically dragging his entire being across the ground. The four hours’ drive back to Manhattan did nothing to ease his nerves, nothing to undo the anxious knot in his gut.
Steve groans loudly, dramatically. “Do I have to do it again?” he threatens, his eyebrows going up comically.
“Uh—I’ll meet you guys there,” he says, smiling for them, and then disappears into the elevator.
Steve takes a step towards them and he can see Rhodey do the same.
Steve takes a breath and lowers his head. When he does, his eyes land on the 'Anthony Stark' on his wrist and he feels sad. Then he looks up and spots him, he's talking to Rhodey and Nat by a couch, and he's laughing.
“Nothing, Tony, it’s just— I know your father would’ve wanted for you to run Stark Industries instead,” Peggy says.
Maya takes them muttering a polite ‘okay.’
Tony draws one shoulder up. "Yeah, but I just don't think I'm in the mood for parties," he says.
The breezy quietness makes Steve notice his wrist is itching.
had of him. “You know me, I never miss the chance to play hero,” he says smugly and Pepper rolls her eyes.
He gets up before sunrises, as he usually does now.
Bucky looks another way before he looks back to him and smiles so widely it messes up his features. "Please, you would never let that happen," he says. "To Cap!" Bucky adds with his hand raised and the room cheers.
He isn’t sure at which point ‘Rhodey’ began to mean him and he isn’t sure how either. The Stark kid operates in mysterious ways and he’s not about to start trying to understand what goes through that mountain of genius and hair gel.
Maria shifts next to Rhodey. “Yeah, they must be busy, because they would hate missing you guys get together,” she says sarcastically before fake scoffing: “testosterone!”
Steve can imagine how. "I would now," he says, without a doubt. Her face softens like she expected something else from him, something negative. "And I'm always honest," he adds, with a tiny grin.
“Yes,” Bruce follows, waiting.
He raises the drive at him. "Thanks, man," Rhodey says, then he leans in to hug Tony.
Tony's mouth drops a little. Steve wants to know if Tony's sorry that he accidentally created a robot capable of destruction and plotting a scheme for mass murder?
“Really, which broad? What’s her name?” Howards goes, not losing his humor, taking the Christmas hat off Tony.
“We’re good,” Tony mutters back, his palms open. But Happy’s whispering to stay down repeatedly. “You're— you're right on me. I made it,” he says, and Happy still takes more seconds before he gets off him.
“Loki's manipulating you...” she trails.
“The Tesseract belongs on Asgard, no human is a match for it,” Thor says.
“I can’t have you here right now, Steve. I’m sorry,” Tony says, moving his head to one side.
“I'm sorry,” Rogers says, and he sounds like a completely different guy. Not the cold, judgmental hardcover he’s been talking to for the past few hours. “He seemed like a good man,” he adds.
birthday.
It's Bucky again, this time he's holding a smoking gun against them. His long locks covering half of his face.
“Elevator's not worthy,” Steve says sarcastically.
Pepper puts herself next to him and places her head on his shoulder, right above of where ‘Virginia Potts' is on his skin. “I can help with that,” she mutters, looking out the window, too.
“I wish I could. I’m about to head to Texas to continue my training,” Rhodey shares.
It's JARVIS holographic form, torn to shreds.
They stand in front of each other speechless before Tony takes a deep breath.
“But if it isn’t the man of the hour,” he greets and he can picture Tony smiling miles away. “I’m sorry, Mister Stark. Are you busy?” he jokes.
Tony and Rhodey watch him go with a smile on their faces. "You don't mind watching him over, see he doesn't set off a bomb or something?" Tony asks Rhodey.
Tony rolls his eyes, like he’d ever maim himself over stupid Captain America.
"I'm not. I'm right. You guys have to bone," Clint says, his arm laid out on the back of the couch.
Rhodey scoffs a little. “Right, because brainwashed serial killers are exactly my type,” he says sarcastically.
“An argument can be made for fifteen,” Tony adds.
Well, just rip it off, Stark.
“Sergeant Barnes?” the man questions at him. But it is nothing, it means nothing.
Álvarez stares at him for a moment and then sighs. “My God, it’s been— what? Almost fifteen years and you’re still in there, man?” he asks, quietly. He’s not pissed or upset; he’s just tired.
But it makes his point come across.
Rhodey quirks an eyebrow at Natasha from Tony’s shoulder and she just smirks into her glass.
“Which is why he can't stay,” Tony mutters, a fake smile on his face.
He lets his shoulders drop. So, yeah, he knows. Of course he does, he’s goddamned Tony Stark. “Yes. Of course I do, Steve. The guy tried to kill you. I had to know who I was dealing with,” he tries to explain.
"Can't run everywhere," Steve comments, turning to Sam with a smile.
"Now, this one? It's a much funnier joke, Rhodes," Ross says, after glancing at him. Then he raises his chin at Yu, as if commanding him to reveal the information.
"Wow," Steve mutters.
Ten Rings. He’s never heard anything of them, not even from Rhodey.
Tony doesn't even hesitate as he speaks to the cameras and microphones. There's only the thought of Happy lying on a bed, fighting for his life, in his head.
Tony, on his end, scoffs amusedly at Steve's honesty: "Right now, he says," Tony repeats, amused. Steve chuckles as Tony makes his way to the bed. "Right. What's the point if there's not a piece of wood in your hands for you to just— fucking rip apart?" he adds, trying to be funny.
"Who's ever standing, we got to move!" he can hear Clint in the far distance as he takes unsteady steps, holding onto the railing. "Guys?" Clint calls but he's no longer standing on a ship.
So that's what he has in mind by the time they make it to the Tower.
Because remembering who he really was the last strike of their whip, of their abuse, of their torture.
"Of course it does. Look — and I say this with love— they would absolutely call Thor first if they could but they can't, hence, you," Allen says and Rhodey figures what he means. But that's not exactly what he's wondering.
And then Tony runs his hand through his hair and soothes, and he runs his other hand across his face and soothes. He kisses him and he soothes.
"Have you talked to Peggy?" Tony blurts out, just when Steve started mentally begging for a new topic.
"Gotcha'. Thanks," Rhodey replies.
But it’s only when he’s on the flight back home, a few weeks later, that he gets a proper look at how much the air has shifted.
He feels cold and he smells rust; he's holding onto something for dear life but he loses that fight.
Again, I'm sorry I keep dissappearing for weeks. Feel free to reach me over @tazadekarma (on Twitter) or buckyrhodey (on Tumblr) to scream at me or something. Love to hear from you, guys.
"I am dead serious. Steve's former SHIELD suit is a travesty. Have you seen what it does to his ass?" he says.
'Your name is James Buchanan Barnes,' Steve had said and now he knew. Now he learned.
“Twelve percent? My baby?” Pepper repeats, walking barefeet towards the champagne.
"Well, first of all, we're calling them 'enhanced' to avoid sounding like a cartoon character but, yeah, I don't know. Can I be honest with you?" Rhodey asks, more rhetorically than anything.
"Did anybody see you?" Pierce asks after a brief thought.
Tony shrugs. “That’s not a lie,” he agrees. “I’m sorry, Rhodey,” he adds. “Hey, maybe I can look through Howard’s crazy big library, I’m sure he has a huge ass encyclopedia on Soulmates Scars,” he offers.
Happy can take cover before it all blows to hell.
"Soldat," a man with glasses and many wrinkles calls for him and he lifts his chin at the mention.
"Creating a flight plan for Tennessee," JARVIS says when suddenly the bell rings.
“I can go there now,” he says, standing up. In the wall, the clock marks just shy of 3:30 p.m.
"I never said that," Yu says, raising his shoulders.
And then he calls for real help, and shoots his way out of there.
“Oh, but there is, Ed. You missed more alcohol,” he says before winking Jarvis goodbye and shutting the door behind him.
“Philly,” Rhodey complies.
He twists his head around at the memory. The doctors in the room stare at him like a wounded dog.
“He’s in his office, finishing up some paperwork for the White House,” Jarvis explains. Tony turns to him but then looks at the key bowl lying on the counter.
Rhodey takes one look inside of the really bright house –thanks to the wide-open windows – and wonders: “So, where is he?”
He can feel it.
“Tourist?” Nadejda greets the man with that smile of hers and the man smiles back.
Clint pats his shoulder as he goes for more beers. "You bet your ass," he says.
, he thinks.
“How many are there?” Nick asks back.
Pepper takes a step down. “I’ll take my chances,” she replies.
"Sorry, Mr. Pierce, I— I forgot my phone," the woman says, entering the room unannounced. Her eyes land on him almost immediately, and he can feel her fear like he can feel the air conditioner.
"What about López?"
"I'm afraid that we don't even stand a chance," Tony adds, his voice quiet.
“It just looks fake as hell, dude,” he defends. But Rhodey waves him off and lands on his bed.
“Can you stop ruining the moment?” Rhodey says, sighing.
"So, you're saying you don't want the Avengers anymore?" Steve asks.
“Tony…” his mother says.
Pepper rolls her eyes. “If you want us to be settled in Malibu by next week, you need to get here ASAP. Work with me, Tony, c’mon,” she says, a little tiredly.
It takes Tony to come back longer than Steve was prepared for, so much that he was starting to doubt his clumsiness just outright made Tony run away.
“If there’s a reason I respect the US military it’s because of you, sugarplum,” Tony yells as Rhodes walks back into the elevator, giving a little wave goodbye before the doors close.
Tony looks to the side and takes a breath. “So what's really goin' on? With the Mandarin,” he asks as Rhodey sips his drink. Tony shifts and takes his sunglasses off. “Seriously, can we talk about this guy?” he asks, whispering, it’s the third time this week Tony asks him about it.
"You look like shit," Allen says, wrinkling his nose at him.
Tony barely has time to figure out what's going on before the missile hits the house, sending all of them flying.
Steve nods and then looks down. "...I know a place," he says, so quietly Tony can barely register what he says.
"They probably all do," Tony adds, his eyes going wide.
“You know I can help, just ask,” Tony offers, again. “I got a ton of new tech, I got a prehensile suit. I got a— I got a bomb disposal, catches explosions mid-air,” he says.
"So, here's to us, and I think I speak for the world when I say, thank you, Avengers," he adds at last, and they all click their glasses together. "Now, let's eat before Clint faints or something."
“I respect you—”
“I’m not sour— I told you, I’m not mad, I’m indifferent, okay?” he says, looking back at Tony.
When he turns it on CNN, Tony sees him again: the Mandarin.
He and Tony did have things in common, after all. Maybe this thing did know what it was doing.
"I just wanted to say that what you've done for this great nation is deeply appreciated," Ross says with a nod.
Sam gives him a look and sips on his drink quietly, cueing Steve to go on.
Tony's long fingers move from his head to his neck to finally pull off the sweat-shirt Steve changed into in the quinjet after they left Sokovia.
Maya has fallen quiet and the previous worried look she sported has disappeared, replaced instead by a doubtful smile and big, shiny eyes.
Rogers blinks and shakes his head. “Yeah, uhm—the check. The guys wanted me to come get you because the bill’s at the table and my pension money isn’t
"What happened? I lost you there," Sam comments, once he notices how quiet Steve's gone.
“Relax, I have steady hands. Why do you think you're still alive, huh?” he says, pouring it into the mold Tony made just before.
"We have reasons to believe he was involved in the infiltration of HYDRA into SHIELD, different KGB-perpetrated assaults, at least four cases of Soviet-organized Coups across the globe and," General Yu pauses on his exposition and looks at Ross before adding, with his fingers entwined: "President Kennedy's assassination."
“I missed you these past few days. Thought you’d gone off and forgot this old woman,” she says, as she arranges some oranges.
Steve moves his chin to one side. “Alcohol really isn’t my thing. Not since I realized it did nothing to me,” he says.
"No, I'm a visionary," Killian replies. "But I do own a maniac. And he takes the stage tonight," he adds, before he walks out.
His chest feels heavy as he looks out into the bright, blue sky. He almost feels like he’s gonna pass out, but he can’t let Allen know that.
And when Maya exits the bathroom, she stands by the threshold and looks at Pepper, a nervous smile on her face.
“The game, it's from May, nineteen forty-one. I know ‘cause I was there,” he explains and her entire face changes. Slowly he gets up from the bed, ready to get real answers. “Now, I'm gonna ask you again. Where am I?”
“Now?” the woman asks in a little pitched tone.
Steve breaks the kiss by letting out a chuckle, his breath all on Tony's face – he was having apple cider. "I thought we were gonna stay friends," he mutters, but his hands are holding Tony's tightly.
"And whatever's off, we don't need to talk about it. But if you want, I'd love to," she adds.
It was a pamphlet some guy had been staring at with
Steve has no idea what Tony means at first but one single look at him is enough to fix that.
“Семнадцать,” he speaks again, barely a beat after the last one. The knife in his gut twists in its phantom place but his nerves are broken, fried.
So, Tony's third-wheeling fast and he doesn't know what to do about it without making it awkward.
“And now there's that guy,” Tony says, as if he didn’t have enough on his plate already.
Pepper figures that’s a good time to tell him as any. “I called him,” she says and Tony’s head draws up so fast it’s almost funny. “A few days ago. Booked him a flight over here, too. Thought it was time you got out of your shell for a change,” Pepper adds.
Rhodey quirks an eyebrow at him.
Nick follows what Steve’s pointing out and sighs. “Yeah, that— that’s Agent Barton. He…got compromised short after Loki’s arrival. He found a way to twist Barton’s mind into working for him; then Barton disconnected his line, we can’t track him,” Nick explains, looking somber.
His eyes slip open slowly, with careful patience. He takes a deep breath and waits for his sight to adjust, his muscles numb on top of the soft, warm surface he’s on. He eyes the ceiling inch by inch and then he hears it, vaguely in the background.
“Alright, let’s see who’s next— Virginia?” Tony asks, wrinkling his forehead at the light yellow folder. At the end of the room a young woman, dressed in a black dress skirt and blazer walks inside without a sound. “What kind of name is Virginia?” Tony starts saying, unaware of the new presence.
“Everybody thinks I’m friends with you for your money, I’m not so eager to prove them right,” Rhodey says.
Tony stares at the footage in front of him and takes a deep breath, bites his lip as memories of Howard’s endless speeches about the holy greatness of Captain America, all while he remained too busy to even play ball with Tony, flash in his mind and make his stomach twist.
Tony searches through the research paper until he finds its author and when he turns to dial HR to ask about this employee, he realizes he has no idea what to press.
“I feel like I still should talk to him about this, though. Like, I can get a better understanding of Barnes if I ask him about him,” Rhodey tries again and Tony opens his mouth to say something. “I can tell him you don’t know anything about this, Tony. I don’t have to involve you,” he adds.
Steve looks ahead to the road, they're just entering Jersey now. "Nazi Germany," he replies flat, adjusting on his seat. "And we're borrowing. Take your feet off the dash," he adds once he notices how she's sitting.
Not the Bucky Steve’s been looking for.
But as Tony pulls off, he inhales. Then he grabs Steve's cock with his long, rough fingers and he breathes right into the head, before rolling the tip of his tongue through the slit.
"Not sure. But whoever it is, they got some mean tech. Or knowledge," Sam explains. "Every time I get near to a solid location, the system sends me to a whole different place on the map. Like Barnes is magically popping in and out of places."
"Then what is it?" Steve cuts in, his voice getting louder. "You either trust us or you don't—"
Tony lets the water wash up all over him and the anxiety lurking in the back of his throat. He gets out of the shower and starts dressing up, thinking about three new Mark models ahead, when Jarvis shows him the security footage of the front door.
The serum works perfectly on Pepper. So much that her mark is back in its clear, full-form as Pepper's cells get back to normal. "Hey," Tony says, cheerful, pointing at it.
“Then leave it urgently,” Tony retorts but the next second the elevator door is opening to show the Agent guy standing inside. “Security breach. That's on you,” Tony tells Pepper.
"What are you doing here?" Steve asks.
“I told you I don’t care,” Álvarez retorts, but he sounds rushed, just as nervous. “Now, ignore I ever said anything and shut up,” he adds, half-playful note, half-serious.
So he throws another punch like he's fighting his brain, not this man. He's fighting something bigger than him and he can't win.
“Tony…” Steve mutters, turning to him with a plea on his blue eyes.
A reminder that he's not everything he thinks he is.
“Good to meet you, Colonel,” he adds, an honest and also tired smile on his face. Rhodey replies back and then looks at Tony, who’s eyes are surprisingly still as he’s trying to communicate with Rhodey via telepathy.
“You gonna be okay?” the man asks after he turns back again.
Steve just chuckles at that and shakes his head.
Especially because Steve hasn’t said a word to him about Barnes or anything else related to those darks few days in Washington last year.
Tony’s smile curves softly. “Don’t mind if you do,” he mutters, and this time he moves on his own.
'Romulus,' the drive reads. "No JARVIS, then?"
“This is a new level of lame,” Pepper says, pushing Dum-E’s offer of a glass of water.
"I've seen worse," Maria trails.
he thinks at it.
“There it is. That was easy,” Tony mutters after asking for another round. “I'm so sorry,” he adds, taking the prize off Rhodey's hands.
“Our job is 'if',” Tony defends, following after him. “What if you were sipping margaritas on a sun-drenched beach, turning brown instead of green? Not looking over your shoulder for Veronica,” he suggests.
didn't," Fury sentences and Tony's heart sinks at the memory.
“We throw one of these in with every purchase of 500 million or more. To peace!” Tony says, raising his glass of whiskey, and then his phone buzzes in his pocket.
He never made it back. They never found him.
“Oh, no. I understand sacrifices. But she still tugged my ear for crashing a plane and showing up seventy years late to our date.” Steve opens his eyes comically wide.
Steve looks down and smiles, too. “Yeah. It was—it was due,” he says, but Tony’s got his back to him behind the bar.
Allen swallows and goes over Rhodey’s desk and hands him a file.
Rhodey shakes his head. "Cap? I don't know, I haven't talked to Tony since I got here," he says.
He finds a guy in his room and wonders just why he wasn’t informed he'd be double-billeted. “Oh, you must be my new roommate,” the guy says. He has a Holy Mary tattooed on his left bicep and a ‘Taylor Gardner’ in his right wrist Rhodey can catch quickly enough as he offers his hand. “Second Lieutenant David Álvarez,” he introduces himself.
They work just fine together; Tony’s surprised just how easily they do – other than Rhodey, he’s not the type of guy who works well with other people.
"Pretty close— Sokovia," Maria says, looking over back to him through the mirror slightly above her.
Pepper takes a deep breath, opens her mouth to say something, then closes it and smiles, shaking her head just once. “You know what— it’s alright, I mean, I kinda already knew you’ve fucked your way around about fifty percent of Earth’s population, right?” Pepper says, but her voice sounds rough.
